# File: Breedbook 9 - Nagah.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


[OCR skipped on page(s) 2]
April 6G, 219179. Amritsar, India.


(Get up You're not)
\ staying ‘til morn

=i — is "a
iw =
5 < .
‘4 4
i | | \\
"fy You know how to reach ust \ J
if you want me again, Lewis. |
— Do you think you will? | |< |
> a 4 | is % |
Gag |
<— 3 k
/, 7 za o7 s
bee Za y , i D
S N . E
»,
{Go home. i 4
—_s S Bloody unlikely X :
Twill , \ ey é
fp
|
2 |
+ ez | —
é ra 7 <]

a 5 Surely there's something
at your window lattice.
Come and see what it is


+

"That isn't why we're here, Lewis
—Gedrick. Majesty's Wiest fi

m

Ss e/)

/ Your mistress is most

ee
generous. But I'ma bit f" 2
tired for the pair of | | | i AW =n)
you, Maybe if you come ay i
back tomorrow night. } V a
i

aN

at
a How do you know that
. Who are you two?

Judgment.
You have 400 murders
to answer for.

ks

ji (Preposterous: .. Now where)
\did T put that lighter?

hat are you
ing about?

You are responsible for 400 deaths.)
The massacre in the Jallianwala Bagh |

three days ago is your doing. }
"It's your crime to answer for. 7


=
TY Not tong ago, Indian nationalist leaders Kitchloo and Satyapal ‘Outraged, the citizens rioted.| 4 3

Z| were arrested in Amritsar and deported under orders of | 4
British Deputy Commissioner, Miles Irving. They were leading }
protest rallies against your government's Rowlatt Act, /

@ H is Al.
L ‘
‘ is zi i

> 5k. m 4 a LN eZ y
i é 5 i SLAY fe
= f A ies eae

Sitchloo and Satyapal were heroes after The Great-Souled One's iP 7 Z

aartal failed. After their arrest. citizens tried to demand their == $ ta
release from Commissioner Irving, They marched on his tent, and 1 Ve &

they were fired upon by British soldiers im re LF, $3

Three days ago, the protesters planned in secret to gather/™e x General REH Dyer had been

in the square on the day of the Baisakhi festival of spring, gob Be) crew ctoct the ckvore pte hi

aia i i Ne i 2 ond he arrived to put a stop to it.)
2. La "

Public assemblies had been banned in Amritsar by the | VA Hl ie :
British government. Dyer claimed that his actions werel A"
fiecessary to create a "moral and widespread effect." ‘gl

\ AaN® & y 8

- ‘ . fp
PS ; .
; \\leg Wi 2 a i
pa ENS U fi
C s SSS F V4
yi, Y ‘ iit aa \\ N\A
OY o> aig | AA Sp t/Tt worked. 400 lay dead. 1200 more were wounded


w all this. Why should T have for
\ _ answer any of it? I didn't pull any
\ triggers or so much as throw a rock.

&
Yesterday, your governme:
\ declared martial low.

\e
|
|

\\
\

You are commanded to watch, but
you did more. You interfered,

We have been watching you,
Majesty's Witness. Your actions
have seasoned the Wyrm's feast,

‘qu were spying on Kichloo and Satyapal
hey were hiding and

I couldn't just let the
citizens rebel. I have
aduty to queen and _/

untry. 4
[You Found out about the BaisokhiliM { "Su.00ts svar)

protest as well. You told Dyer )
| hat it was going to occur. eh Oe YeU


Christ Almighty.


a

3, J


I] (You talked too long.)
a i

They have to know why.)
T's the only comfort
we can give.

5 7 \ =

|

(What about her?)
\_ A liability?

Good. Now come, WS
and carry me

I No. She won't remember us. 4
The Wani have already seen : ‘
\to it. Put her on the bed.

& on ~ |

Se 4 ele

S


See sae ce er arene FEES ens mee

Naga

Tbe Ktoge Upeler the Rher

SE, hc ET ATI T RRS. (LEI R RF IE LEE DIF POEL SG PARLE IEA I,

BY KRAIG BLACKWELDER, CARL BOWEN AND ETHAN SKEMP
WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN=HAGEN

a ae

[Neremrecarssee

ING

Gell

Authors: Kraig Blackwelder, Carl BowenandEthan Skemp
Additional Herpetological Material: Nick Esposito
Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by
Mark Reine Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Jeff Holt, Leif Jones, Steve Prescott, Alex
Sheikman, Ron Spencer, Melissa Uran

Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
Back Cover Art: Steve Prescott

Cortag Soon for Werewoff....

os 735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
¢ dpe sirens

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Mage the
Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf Players Guide, Nagah and Ratkin are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes, All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www-white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.

10 Nagah

Nacau

Confeott
Soproduction: The Serpent Waket
Capper One: The Cireat Gple

The history of the forgotten Changing Breed

hapher Tivo: Cob Wo Colt BS

The society of the Nagah, from auspices to their place in the world

Chapter T Pree: Tie Fiett Skio 62

Character creation, Gifts, rites and fetishes

Chapher Pour: Song of the Cxecuplonert 104

Storytelling the Nagah chronicle

Append One: Fulget 114

Templates and Nagah of note

Append Tivo: Spake 4127

Real-world facts about snakes

KR

Contents 11


"Who is Nag?" said he. "Lam Nag. The great god Brahm
put his mark upon all our people when the first cobra spread his
hood to keep the sun off Brahm as he slept. Look, and be afraid!"

— Rudyard Kipling, "Rikki-Tikki-Tavi"

It would have been the most beautiful garden ever to grace
the face of the Earth, if it were indeed on Earth. But it was not
[twas perfection of the sort chat no living garden with insects and
worms could match, a home for brilliant rainbow-colored birds
that fluttered from emerald tree to emerald tree. Ifone walked far
enough, one would come to the great walls made of spirit stone,
which stood like marble mountains against the shifting tides of the
spirit world without. A visitor might even have come across the
vast golden gates sét about with carved dragons — but only if the
lords beyond those gates wished it. It was Paradise, hemmed by
monstrous walls and guarded by great spirit dragons.

And every visitor to come ta this wondrous garden within the
last year had always left with the same fear — the fear that they
would live to see the walls tumble down

Three Nagah sat by a fountain near the center of the garden,
reclining on the pillowed benches and soft lawns shaded by a great
palm tree. At first glance, an observer might presume that they
were quite relaxed, even sleepy, from their caswal posture and the
quiet tones of their conversation — but the faint tension in their
eyes and the slight edge to their voices gave a different impression

One was a woman who wore her hait long and affected the
casual dress of a traveler. Her smile was soft and gencle-

seeming, although she was not smiling at the moment. The
second was Chinese, or at least partially so; there was an
indefinable cast to his features that hinted at some other
heritage. He toyed with the jewel set upon his brow as he sat,
staring past his colleagues into the garden. The last was lean and
hard-eyed, and he wore his silken robe as ifit were gang colors

And despite the tension that hung in the air between the three,
it would be all but impossible to find three people closer to one
another than the Nest of Night's Passage

i the only ones in the garden," mused the woman. "It
feels strange. Can we really be the only Nagah in all the world to
call on the Sesha these past few days?"

The man with the jeweled brow dipped a hand into the
fountain, sipped fram his cupped hand, then wiped his hand on his
breast. "I dare not think that we're really so few," he sighed, "but
who can say? I hope it's not a poor omen."

" hope so, t00," she replied. "But the Sesha must sleep
sometime, so perhaps it's notall that unusteal." The third member
of the nest simply grunted dismissively

The woman gazed solemnly at the large velvet bag that lay
on the ground between the three. "At least the old one's sleeping
soundly. He deserves that much."

Introduction: The Serpent Wakes 13

{GEIST DLP TST, Ca IEEE CE ALE i SOY LTT UP OTT UGG,

"Letitbe, Sajita." This came from the steel-eyed third, who
stared coolly at the sack as ifit were full of manure. "You haven't
convinced us that he deserves anything more than a swift bite and
a swifter pulse of venom."

"May I remind you, Indra's Dart," said the other man,
sitting up a little straighter, "that neither have you convinced us
that we have seen enough evidence to merit a kill. That's why
‘we're here a season ahead of our time."

"Even though it shames us," added Sajita softly.

"Yes." The Nagah called Indra's Dart shifted his position ever
soslightly, "Foronce inour lives, we aredeadlocked—asorry state
for us to be in, my nest. I argue for prudence. You argue for
compassion. And Dragon Boat won't side with either of us."

"No, IL won't." The Chinese Nagah didn't sound embar-
assed. "You know me, Ind. If it were any other observer, any
target, things would be different. But such a thing — we would
be remiss not to bring a case such as this before the Sesha before
closing it entirely.

"And I think thar we are acting poorly by involving the Sesha
atall. We are judges. We are executioners. We punish; we do not
pardon unless the circumstances are unquestionably extraordinary."

"And these circumstances are not?" Sajita left off playing
with her long hair, straightened and gazed back at Indra's Dart.
"Fromall we can tell, he's no ordinary Khurah. He has lived over
a century and a half — incredible, for his kind. His wisdom must
be profound. He deserves a chance to live."

"You give the coyote far too much credit," replied Indra's
Dart ina cooling tone. "His jaw hangs loose. Sooner or later, the
wrong words are sure to roll off his tongue onto the floor, for
anyone to find."

Somewhere above the tops of the trees, near the garden's
vaulted ceiling, a chime softly rang. The three reflexively looked
up, then met one another's gaze and rose as one. Indra's Dart
lifted the velvet bag and hoisted it gently over one shoulder.

"Well, my nest," Dragon Boat said softly, "now we
shall see."

And, that said, the three walked wordlessly into the Hall of
the Sesha.

Humanity has always had a particular dreadful fascina-
tion with the snake. Snakes are so unlike everything that a
person might consider "normal" — they slither on their
bellies rather than walking on legs, they're covered with
smooth scales rather than fur or feathers, and they're eerily
silent save for the occasional low hiss. They never blink;
they taste the air with their tongues. They shed their skins
regularly, seeming almost to gain new youth — and of
course, some of them can kill just by bitinga person once. To
many cultures, they are either the most mystical creature in
existence — or a personification of everything humans fear.

a See eee

And in the World of Darkness, humanity has particular
reason to fear or venerate the serpent (or both). For the
World of Darkness has its own race of serpents that can shed
theirskins to take on human guise, creatures of great wisdom
that can kill almost impossibly quickly and effortlessly.

The World of Darkness has the Nagah.

Who Ave the Nagab?

Although serpent-shifters appear here and there in
tales and legends around the world — particularly in India
— to the rest of the Changing Breeds, the Nagah are
nothing more than a historical footnote. As the tales have
ir, the wereserpents were hunted to extinction during the
War of Rage, and few shapeshifters miss them. The few tales
of the Nagah thatsurvive paint themas cold, aloof creatures
that had no discernable purpose in Gaia's plan — perhaps
the most expendable casualty among the shapeshifter races.

But the tales are wrong on both counts, The Nagah
were indeed given a purpose — and they are not extinct.
And the children of Snake will doall in their power tomake
certain thar the Garou Nation and the other Changing
Breeds never discover otherwise.

When the world was young, the Nagah were given the
task of watching the other Changing Breeds, to make
certain that their cousins performed their jobs fairly and
well. They had noneed to reward those faithful to Gaia and
their duties — those that did well found reward enough.
But those who betrayed their duties, who abused the trust
given them — these shapeshifters were the true targets of
the Nagah. For the Nagah had been given venom — and
their job was to punish.

Unfortunately, even the Nagah were not immune to
corruption, and one of them fell to temptation at perhaps
the worst possible time. Asa result, the Nagah were unable
toperform theirduty sufficiently toprevent the War of Rage
— and during the War of Rage, so many Nagah died that
when the rest went into hiding, the other Changing Breeds
were all too willing to believe the Nagah extinct.

However, the Nagah refused to let such a setback
hinder the performance of their duty. They continued to
silently monitor their shapeshifter cousins, marking those
who betrayed their duties. Many of these criminals eventu-
ally met with a well-deserved fate at the claws of theit own
kind— butfor those whoseemed likely toescape justice, the
Nagah were there.

The Nagah are not perfect. Even when they were at the
height of their strength, they couldn't punish every law-
breaker or traitor. Many a shapeshifter has betrayed his
idealsover the millennia and managed to live to laugh about
it, Inthe World of Darkness, justice is not absolute. But the
Nagah refuse to give up their duty; though it may seem
hopeless, they will continue to avenge the most terrible sins
until Apocalypse comes.

14 Nagah

i ——

cecal

Cif aod Warm Efood,

The feel of a story focusing on Nagah is going to be quite
different than one that focuses on werewolves. A pure Werewolf
story contains a mix of explosive, frenzied violence and bound-
less spiritual variety. On the other hand, a Nagah story features
violence of an entirely different sort — the coldly premeditated
variety — and a limited supporting cast of spirits bound by a
common theme.

The Nagah are consummate professionals — or, at least,
that's the ideal they aspire to. A wise Nagah never allows his
personal feelings to interfere with a mission; they are trained to
make as few mistakes as possible, and to strike with superhuman
speed and stealth.

But although the Nagah have trained themselves never
to question the necessity of their deeds, they are not as cold
as one might think. The wereserpents are well capable of joy
and sorrow, anger and regret. From their constant association
with death, the Nagah have learned to appreciate the immea-
sutable joys of life itself.

In this way, the Nagah are as flawed as any of the
shapeshifters they have set themselves to police. They don't
let their tempers get the better of them as often as do the
Garou — but they also lack the werewolves' more beneficial
passions and close relations with their Kin. Conversely, they
aren'tas cold and unemotional as the Ananasi — but this can
cause difficulties in performing the task that defines their
lives. The Nagah are compelled to strive for a perfection that
isforever beyond their reach —and so they become a fascinat-
ing subject to explore in a roleplaying game.

Olypng the Autatat

The demands of a Nagah character are relatively obvious,
and certainly not to be ignored. First and foremost, Nagah are
about the worst of all possible shapeshifter characters to try
playing in mixed-group chronicles. If a Nagah joins a pack of
Garou or other shapeshifters, that Nagah can expect hit squads
of wereserpents several ranks above him and the rest of his pack
comingtokill himand his friendsas quickly as possible. Asa race,
they deliberately do not associate with any other supernaturals
— at least, if there's any chance at all that their true identity
might be revealed. This isn't as much of problem in hengeyokai
chronicles, burany Nagah ina hengeyokai sentai must still be as
secretive as possible when dealing with anyone not directly of
their court.

Another trait of the wereserpents that might put off some
players is the Nagah's generally dispassionate air. Nagah burn
with Rage, but it affects them differently. A Nagah doesn't have
temper tantrums or histrionic crying jags; they don't wax poetic
about their undying love for their mates orswear oaths of terrible
vengeance. Playinga Nagah isan exercise in subtlety, which isn't
for everyone.

So then, if some of the more elaborate pleasures of
roleplaying are denied the wereserpents, why play a Nagah —
or more to the point, a nest of Nagah — at all? The answer is


mystique. The same rules that forbid Nagah from indulging
in casual associations and melodramatic soliloquies give
the weresérpents an exotic, mysterious feel. "Cool" is an
entirely subjective thing, but the Nagah certainly seem to
fit the "playing by their own rules" tenet well enough for
the label to fit.

What's more, because the Nagah don't associate with
the other Changing Breeds, everything old can become new

again. A group of Nagah players can enjoy the opportunity
to look on the Garou Nation and all othershapeshifter races
with a dispassionate, neutral eye. Because they are charged

to fairly judge their targets, the Nagah can sometimessee the
virtues (or sins) that others miss. Players who are used to the
old stereotypes like "The Shadow Lords are all treacherous
and untrustworthy" might see things ina totally new light as
their Nagah characters are compelled to acknowledge a
Shadow Lord target's devotion to the ideal of justice or
passion for a wiser, stronger Garou Nation. Similarly, play-
ers who are used to the Corax being uniformly benevolent
and cheery might find a new perspective as they judge a
Corax whose mitickraking and incendiary tactics have desl
stroyed the lives of numerdus innocents.

Finally, playing aN. eke aie
tual — and even emoti
Nagah champion balance as
hard to do in the days si Balance Wyrm'
into the Corruptér Wyrm. Excess in any «
something to béavoided, a tenet thar can require constant
discipline. The Nagah must balance bloodshed with preser-

vation, the human world with the wilderness. This isa fairly"

philosophical approach toa roleplayinggame, but that's not

without its merits. In exploring the Nagah, ideals, one ever"

has the potential to learn something news
sees the world.

Flow fo Ue Tht Book

Like the other books in the Changing B
Nagah is aimed at both playerand Storyteller. It's important
toremember that, particularly in the case of Nagah, the mere
existence of rules enabling one to create a character of a
particular type is not the same thing as the inalienable right
to play such a character in any chronicle one chooses.
Nagah do not play well with others, anda Storyteller is more
than within his rights to forbid Nagah characters in any-
thing other than an all-Nagah chronicle if he so chooses.
After all, the Nagah can make a game distinctly less than
enjoyable for the players of non-Nagah characters.

But, that said, it's our hope that this book goesa long way
to convince even the most recalcitrant players that an all-
Nagah game is certainly worth the extra effort. The
wereserpents may not be that suited for crossover chronicles,
but a chronicle focusing on the assassins of the Changing
Breeds can be about as intense and rewardingas you could ask.

16 Nagah

Ey

Chapter One: The Great Epic details the history of the
Nagah from their perspective, including their unique insight
into the War of Rage and its beginnings.

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils concerns itself with
Nagah society, from their organization to their global distri-
bution and opinions on other shapeshifters and even other

4
supernatural groups. Although the Nagah don't organize
themselves into septs, tribes or even any groups larger than
three (save the Sesha), their cultural traditionsare astich as
those of any other shapeshifter race, and they can be found

wherever there's a need for them.

Chapter Three: The First Skin goes into the nitty-
gritty of character creation and all the rules essential to
crafting well-rounded Nagah personae. It contains details
on all the traits peculiar to the wereserpents, as well as the
game effects of their auspices, breeds, Gifts, rites and other
tools of the trade.

Chapter Four: Songs of the Executioners is aimed
squarely at the Storyteller. It deals with advice for meeting

_the challenges, of running an all-Nagah game, or using

chronicles.

contains four Nagah tem-

(one of each auspice)isuitable for immediate inser-
peemegnicle, aswell asaifew leenilsofthegrnaneat

isnakes (atc ghamenoihe
ous sort), all the better acctifarely porttay the other half
of the Nagah's world =

§: The legendary period, of time during
ved alongside humans more openly than
ifter since.

unlike other den- ila west

Apsa: A powerful Incarna of fresh running water such
as rivers and streams. Equated by many Nagah with the
Hindu "Ganga."

Azhi Dahaka: The "war form" form of the Nagah.

Balaram: "Homid"; balaram, lower-case, refers to the
human-bom breed, while Balaram, upper-case, refers to the
human form.

Crown: One of the regional councils of Nagah.

Devi: Gaia; the Emerald Mother. In particular, refers to
the "knowable" aspects of Gaia that can be expressed to
others, rather than Gaia as a whole.

Jeweled Pools: Young Nagah argot for the Serpent
Waters.

Jurlungur: The Crown that watches over Australia
and the South Pacific.


E-

Kali: The winter auspice, given to direct and efficient
action.

Kali Dahaka: The "great serpent" of the Nagah.

Kamakshi: The spring auspice, inclined toward actions
of renewal and healing.

Kamsa: The autumn auspice; prone to endeavors of a
psychological bent

Kartikeya: The summer auspice, Nagah of which tend
to be the most outgoing of the race.

Khurah: Non-Nagah shapeshifters. The term has a
connotation of "our charges" ot "our wards."

Naginah: An archaic term for female Nagah. More
common among Kinfolk "in the know" than among the
Nagah themselves.

Nandana: The Ananta of the Sesha; the "divine
garden" and first among Ananta that bears the gate to Xi
Wang Chi.

Nemontana: The Crown of Nagah who have taken up
the duties of judging Europe's shifter population.

by the Nagah.

Sesha: The ruling council ane cter ona

ment of the Nagah race.

Silla Pemostiyhamsnipa
Nagah; roughly equivalent to the Ga

Three Mothers, the: The spirits of
River; more properly Gaia, Luna and Ap:

Vasuki: The "cobra" form of the Na;
may be that of any poisonous snake species.

Vritra: The Crown of Nagah that metes out
on India and Asia's shapeshifters.

Wani: The great dragon-spirits that serve as ultimate
patrons to the Nagah, protecting their secrecy and teaching
them Gifts. Also called "the Dragon Kings" and "Lu Long."

Xi Wang Chi: The Umbral realm of the Wani.

Yamilka: Serpent-folk of Arabian myth; a name as-
sumed by the Nagah Crown who have taken it upon them-
selves to hold judgement over the Middle East and North
Africa.

Zuzeka: The Crown that polices the Americas.

Recommended Iuuphraplon

Films

Movies about assassins and hitmen arerelativelyeasyto
come by. The trick is finding the particularly worthwhile
ones. A James Bond movie mightserveas decent inspiration

Seer sense es arrears mee

‘some of the

for a Nagah chronicle, but Bond's a little flippant and his
villains usually fairly cartoony. Pulp Fiction is also an influ-
ential movie, but not that serpentine in mood.

The main difference between most of these movies and
the Nagah way of doing things is that human assassins
operate alone, and wereserpents don't have that luxury.
Even so, they're still worth a look.

Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai — Although the
title character doesn't really have the "Nagah look," this
is nonetheless a great look at the life of a hitman who's
very concerned with his personal code of honor. Also
worth it for a couple of the more clever assassination
techniques on display.

The Killer — Although there's plenty of dramatic li-
cense taken in this film, it's the John Woo/Chow Yun Fat
collaboration that really started the Hong Kong action
movie craze over here. A seminal movie that wound up
influencing a lot of filmmakers.

La Femme Nikita — This film is a classic look at why a
assassination like a day job. The original
the American version (Point of No

Books & Comicy" Z

Ennis, Garth, 8 John MeCreay: sHiemah — Although
"this DC comic series | has come to anend, try to uae down

lic ing scales of morality and the value of real
under the whacked-out underworld fig-
us death scenes.

ike; Kazuo & Goseki Kojima, Lone Wolf and Cub—
These etassic Japanese comics have thankfully been re-
cently re-released in compilations. They follow the story of
a ronin-tumned-assassin and his child, and are a neat depar-
ture into historical settings. The glossary describing seg-
ments of feudal Japanese culture is an additional bonus.

Samura, Hiroaki, Blade of the Immortal — Like Lone
Wolf and Cub, this is another samurai manga (also with
compilations available), but one that delves into the fantas-
tic — immortal assassins, freakish swordsmen and a recur-
ring theme of justice versus revenge. Beautifully illustrated,
and excellent characterization.

The Ramayana and Mahabharata —The biggest epics of
Hindu culture, these are also incredibly orate and a won-
derful inspiration for Age of Kings chronicles. The William
Buck adaptations (which aren't literal translations at all)
quoted in this book are not as scholarly, but are much easier
going for the Western reader.

Introduction: The Serpent Wakes 17

ne

EVEN

x


From underground rose four tall Nagas, like great cobras,
the treasure guardians of Earth's riches; their hoods were flat out;
they were hissing and weaving, swaying and spitting fire, turning
their ved eyes at the people; they were all dressed in jewels and
rippling silver scales like moonlight on the ocean's waves at night.
That opening widened, the serpents were one at each comer, and
from below rose up a throne carved of stones, and wrought of

roots and set with diamonds.

On that throne sat Mother Earth.
— the Ramayana (William Buck retelling)

The [Pal

tof Night's Passage had stood in the Sesha's ribunal
tall several times before, and each time the hall had changed
lightly. This time, the hall was not unlike that of an ancient
Shinese district magistrate — it was spacious, with a high ceiling,
tith a floor, walls and thick pillars all of polished wood. Very few
lecorations hung in the hall, apart from several inscriptions on the
walls, quotations from the volumes of Nagah law.

The three Nagah, still carrying their burden, walked the
ingth of the hall and finally knelt before a wide dais at the far
vall. Upon the dais was a wide bench, a desk covered with
cavlet brocade upon which rested a few writing implements
nd official seals. Behind the bench were the Sesha.

There were nine of them. Three saton benches in human form;
hree, wearing their cobra skins, coiled in cushioned baskets hanging
rom the ceiling; the final three reared high in the massive coils of the
\zhi Dahaka. Some wore modem clothes; others were draped in the

finery of the courts of kings long dust. But above the head of each one
of the nine, hanging in the soft air, shone a golden crown.

The nest knelt down on the hard floor, bowing their heads
deeply before the nine before Indra's Dart set their captive before
them. Then the three lifted their eyes again to the nine great
Nagah before them. At a gesture from one of the three wearing
the Balaram, the nest stood once more. Another of the nine, a
longcobrawith a wide hood, looked directly into the eyes of Sajita,
who stood between her nestmates. A voice sounded in her head:

"Speak."

She bowed.

"Sesha, you have our deepest gratitude for granting this
audience on such short notice.

"My nest and I will be brief. The concem we have brought
to you may be found in the large velvet bag you see before you.

Chapter One: The Great Epie 19

It contains an old and quite accomplished Nuwisha named
Manyskins. My nest and I discovered him following us. We
immediately attempted to capture him and discovered him to be
a most clever opponent. After much effort, my nest and I
succeeded in temporarily neutralizing him. Before resorting to the
use of venom, we were able to determine that Manyskins had long
been looking for evidence of the Nagah. It appears to be little more
than intuition that led him to my nest. and me, but once he began
his investigation, our stealth tactics were not equal to his skills, a
failure we shall strive never to replicate.

"Under most circumstances, assuming we were dealing with
an honorable individual, we would simply congratulate him on his
fine observations and draw the Veil of the Wani across his eyes and
leave it at that. However, our repeated efforts to do so met with no
success. In such an unusual case, we would be inclined to apologize
to the worthy tracker for our own incompetence at redacting his
memories and, sadly, kill him to maintain our secrecy. In this case,
however, my nest and I have determined that it is not our place to
judge this honorable Nuwisha man. Not only has he not trans-
gressed against Devi, but his accomplishments are greater in Her
eyes than are our own. He is a noble instance of an honorable
people, favored both by his kind and by Devi. We are not the ones
to determine his fate, and we feel that attempting to do so would be
both unjust and incompetent. Therefore, we have brought him
before you and — through you — the great Wani.

"As we are revealing our failings by asking for this formal
intervention, my nest and I have prepared for our own hearing
and judgment by you, Sesha."

She paused, bowed again. The nine Nagah of the Sesha
made no reply, but Sajita thought she felt the silent pulsing of their
thoughts brushing against one another. Several long seconds
passed before one of the Nagah in the center uncoiled his massive
form a little further, flared his hood as a human might clear his
throat, and leveled his huge cobra head at the nest. His voice
rumbled in the minds of the three like far-off thunder.

"Teis rare that a nest as accomplished as your own must come
to us w seek ruling." His coils shifted, almost restlessly. "It...
distresses us, for we feel that you should have received such an
education that a situation such as this would not arise. If you know
our songs and our laws as you should, there should be no hesitation."

Dragon Boat bowed deeply. "My Sesha," he replied, "wedo
not believe our education to be at fault. It is our judgement that
this instance is truly unique."

As Dragon Boat left off, Indra's Dart picked up almost
instantly, as if speaking with the same breath. "If you would do
us the honor of testing our education, Sesha, then you may
determine where our failings lie and instruct us."

The three felt a rumble of satisfaction emanate from the great
Azhi Dahaka. Dragon Boat almost smiled; they had answered
correctly. It was rare that the Sesha called for such a test, but no
Nagah was permitted to remain ignorant of the law; if the Sesha felt
it was important to test a nest's knowledge from time to time, it was
allthe more incentive for each Nagah to leam the love required of him.

One of the Balaram-form, aman in a neat suit, steepled his
fingers and leaned forward ever so slightly.

"Begin, then."

Sajita took a step forward.

"At the beginning," she said.

eee

My name is Sajita Jadavi. My father is of Indian blood and
from the Kshatviya caste. My mother is British — Kinfolk, child
of a Nagah who serves under the Nemontana. I was born Kali,
and I serve my nest as a scholar.

This is what | know.

Te Fittt J doer
Lith of the World,

Listen —

There wasa time when there wasa Nothing that cannot
be imagined. It was less than chill, less than darkness, less
than void.

Into this primordial Nothing crept chaos, the Creator.
Chaos was not Nothing — which made her Something,
Anything and Everything — but beyond thar, she was un-
bound by definition. For eons, all noise, all matter, all energy,
all form swirled together in the first great storm, and every-
thing arose a hundred thousand times, but nothing lasted for
more than a moment because Chaos creates, but does not
sustain or preserve.

After Time, Chaos spat forth a piece a part of Herself that
had become self-aware. This part quickly learned to value
pattern and form. For eons, it refined itself until it became he,
until he became nothing but pattem and form. He could not
create, but he could spin the stuff of Chaos into the smooth silk
of Order. Where he moved through Chaos, he carved a swath
of logic behind him, and the Preserver pulled solid ground from
out of the storm of the Creator. For eons, the Preserver pulled
potential from the storm-jammed belly of the Creator and
created and refined his relentlessly orderly kingdoms.

This became a problem.

Space, while vast, has its limits. So long as the Creator
created only ephemeral objects, there was no danger of
running out of space. After cons of pure Order weaving pure
Chaos into solid form, however, all space was full. There was
notroom for more to be created or formatted. The Preserver's
loom itself was in danger of being crowded out by the excess.

Chaos, blissfully unburdened by any concer, continued
churning our herephemeral creations, and it happened that, for
the first time, the creation of something caused something solid
to cease being. The dance of Entropy began and the destroying
talons of Time sank deeply into all that existed. By that act was
the Destroyer bom and it began movingin time to the rhythms,
the patterned sounds, of the Preserver's mighty loom.

The Destroyer's dance negated all that it touched and
caused even the simple passage of time to take a toll on all
things. The Creator never particularly noticed, since her
infinite forms faded within the tiniest fractions of a second
anyway. The Preserver, on the other hand, being self-aware,

20 Nagah

‘wasdelighted. And horrified. His delight came from the vast
‘open spaces that had been opened up for him to fill again;
‘the horror arose at seeing the end of patterns he had created
‘that had lasted for eons.

The Preserver was too busy creating Order from the
(Creator's Chaos to give the matter any more consideration.
‘The Preserver was curious to see if he could shape patterns
itharthe Destroyer's dance could nor destroy, or, ifnot, ifhe
could shape patterns that could shape patterns that the
Destroyer could not destroy. In that moment was born
innovation, and the world became much more interesting.

Over time, the Destroyer discovered another way of
acting on the Preserver's creations: through random minute
‘acts of destruction throughout a pattern, it could render the
Preserver's creations imperfect, thereby bringing new ran-
domness to the Preserver's work. While this shocked the
Preserver and delighted the Destroyer, it was neither a good
thing nor a bad thing. It just was.

The universe worked this way for eons, and during that
time, the stability of the patterns established by the Pre-
server allowed life to flourish.

Devi, the Emerald Mother, wove Her tapestry of life in
this sector of the Preserver's complex loom, and thereby
established the world that we know.

Were it left at that, the world would be fine. [twas not.

There were forms that the Preserver had made that it
favored over others. Fancying himself quite clever, he made
these more durable, in hopes that the Destroyer would not
beable to harm them. That was folly. The Destroyer's ability
to destroy is absolute. His dance brings an end to all things.
{tis his essence.

When the Destroyer had delivered even the Preserver's
nost durable artifacts into the well of oblivion, the Preserver
‘ashioned a new thing called an emotion. That emotion was
justration. Frustration quickly degraded into yet another
smotion — anger — and spurred the Preserver to generate
in entirely new class of actions: revenge.

For eons, the Preserver had formatted Chaos, and by so
joing, He had been able to control everything that was. The
Creator could have done the same thing had she been less
sapricious, but she had not. Now, his absolute control had
seen challenged ina way that he found unacceptable. He was
he Preserver. Control was his essence. If he wanted some-
hing to remain the same, it must remain the same. And thus
ye formed an optimistic suspicion: If he could shape and
sontrol the Creator's Chaos then there was no reason that he
thould not be able to control the Destroyer's Destruction...

It could have been right, Sesha. Had the universe been
ust slightly different. Had the Preserver not already col-
apsed possibility around that fundamental point, who's to
ay that Order could not harness Destruction to his will?

But he was not right.

‘When the Preserverattempted to format the Destroyer in
iis attempt to inflict Order on the Destroyer's dance, he

performedan invalidact. Negative one hasnosquare root; even
the finest computer cannot divide by zero. It cannot be done.
Just as the Preserver attempted to control the Destroyer, the
Destroyer lashed out to destroy the Preserver's control over it.
The two embraced fora millennial moment in a fundamental
conflict too abstract fora sane mind to fathom.

What happens when an irresistible force meets an
immovable object? In the world we've come to know, we say
that such a thing can't happen, thar something has to give.

That was not the case when the Preserver and De-
stroyer locked together. Neither could win, lose or freely
disengage. The horror and cataclysmic upheaval thar comes
with thar kind of struggle ultimately serves the Destroyer far
more than it serves the Preserver. Not just kingdoms, Sesha,
but worlds, whole galaxies collapsed in that conflict.

In the end, both the Preserver and the Destroyer were
forced torip themselves apart in order to be free of the other,
thereby begetting two new, if slightly redundant forces.

The Destroyer gave rise to a stunted second self. Its dark
reflection, the Corrupter, was incapable of properly destroying
things, only twisting and corroding them. While the Destroyer
could destroy the Corrupter, it suffered while it was joined with
the Preserver; It now fears conflict with another fundamental
principle. Together, the Destroyer and the Corrupter make up
the entity knownas the Wyrm. While the Destroyer attends to
its work and clears away the old to make way for the new, the
Cortupter twists and distorts, its goal being none other than to
bring the whole of the universe to the point of its greatest
degradation, death-in-life. Until the Destroyer develops the
courage to destroy Its own foul reflection, the Kali Yuga, theage
of destruction, can only grow worse.

The Preserver, on the other hand, was ripped into at least
two reflections, some ancient cosmological treatises suggest
three. The only two we have been able to discern are the
Preserver and his dark reflection, the Trapper. The Preserver
shapes and sustains the stuff of chaos, granting it duration.
The Trapper, on the other hand — in his paranoid fear that
the things he shapes will be destroyed — attempts to inflict
absolute stasis on the things he touches, preventing them
from growing or changing even in healthy, organic ways.

The Preserver and the Trapper, when taken together,
form the force that most of the Khurah call the Weaver.

Allof these forces have many faces, of course, and many
legions of spirit servitors, but ultimately they are so far
removed from us that we have no comprehension of them.
Even talking about "the Preserver" or "the Wyrm" while
trying to imagine their true immensity, we can only envision
a fourteenth generation ramification of the true force.

That said, Sesha, unless | have said something that
should be challenged, perhaps it's time to reduce our scope
a bit and look at something a little more personal, like...

Te Opigtust of fe Nagah
When the Emerald Mother, sometimescalled Devi, some-
times Gaia, formed the interconnected pattern of life, she

Chapter One: The Great Epic 21

created stewards to nurture those life forms with the greatest
porential. She created her first Changing Children, the Mokolé,
to keep track of the memory of those species she had created
before — in part to see what worked and what didn't.

The surface of the Earth was verdant and teeming with
life. The physical world and the ideal world of spirit were
barely separated, if at all. The great ancestors of the Scaled
Courts ruled the world and the great thundering Mokolé
remembered all that had come before.

Atthis time, the greatest of the spirits were the Dragon
Kings. In them was embodied the junction of phenomenal
and animal spirits. Theirs was the fury of the great primal
forces: volcanoes, earthquakes and, mostly, storms; theirs
also were the ideals of the great lizards. When the titanic
Dragon Kings visited the physical world, the ground shook
with even their softest step. Those who pleased them were
rewarded with great knowledge. Those who angered them
were reduced to ash by their fiery breath or flattened with a
casual flick of a tail. The world was orderly.

And then the conflict between the Preserver and De-
stroyer shook the universe to its foundation. Many worlds were
destroyed outright. While the Earth was not destroyed, it was
— to understate the point — catastrophically depopulated.

The dinosaurkings, whether through malice or by sheer
karmic caprice, were gone. Some few members of the Scaled
Courts remained, but the Furred Courts and the Feathered
Courts arose and grew strong.

In time, the physical world found a new equilibrium.

Years later, Devi realized that the new face of the world
required new Changing Breeds.

To maintain a natural order, and to keep subsequent
children from misbehaving, Devi's first new children would
be enforcers, stern older brothers to shepherd those races
that would come after. Sun wanted to assign that task as well
to his well-favored Mokolé — who better to oversee the
young but the larger, older cousin? — but the Mokolé
already felt burdened by the weight of Memory as it was. So
Sun, protecting his only remaining child, determined that it
absolutely must not be Mokolé after all.

The choices were limited. At that time, species were
still recovering from the conflict between Preserver and
Destroyer and there were not many suitably imposing ani-
mals to choose from.

Devi presented Sun with a great lizard with six legs
for his blessings, but instead he said, "That's just a
Mokolé with six legs."

Devi presented him with the giant Turtle and he said,
"That's just a swimming Mokolé with a shell."

Then Devi presented them with Snake and he said,
"Absolutely not. That's the most ludicrous animal I've ever
seen. It's just a Mokolé without legs."

Devi was through asking Sun for his blessings. "My
bringer of punishment will be the child of the serpent," she
said. "Though it is not a Mokolé, it is like one, and it must
be like the Mokolé, because the Mokolé are my memory.

Without memory, there is no knowledge of wrongs; with n
knowledge of wrongs, there can be no proper judgmen
without proper judgment, wrongs cannot be punished, an
wrongs must be punished lest the entire world go awry. If yo
will not give your blessings to the Nagah, someone else will.

Sun was insulted. He looked at Snake again and re
mained nonplused. This small creature had no legs; itcoul
be no farther from him without being underground. With
out legs, it stood no chance of making any sort of decen
enforcer of Devi's laws, and any blessings he gave it would b
wasted. Sun left, and it was night.

In the deep shadows cast by Moon, who had appeared a
soon as Sun departed, Snake quietly glided through the rive
looking for prey. Moon watched in delight as the stealth
leglessoneate and then took shelterat the bottom of the river

Devi saw Moon watching Snake and asked, "Will yo:
bless the Nagah?"

Moon, more aware of her station than the Sun, noddei
respectfully. While the Mokolé had enjoyed the blessings ¢
both Sun and Moon, the Nagah would receive the blessing
of only the night mother.

Moon had only seen Snake in the water, however ant
did not realize that Snake was a land creature as well. Th:
Nagah's ability to enter the world of spirits only worke
when the creature was in its water realm, or Ananta.

When Devi asked the other animal spirits to bless he
new children, they beheld the humble snake and, followin;
Sun's lead, withheld their blessings.

There was one other who offered blessings to th:
Nagah. River spoke to Devi saying, "I will grant the serpent
succor and swear that they will never drown." So saying, shi
granted the Nagah the gift of breath within her waters.

No other spirits would honor the Nagah with gifts.

Without great Gifts, the Nagah could not serve thei
function well. Devi prepared to throw away the snake as +
concept altogether when she heard the thunderous voice o
Typhon, the grear Dragon King of storms crackling from thi
sky. "Do not abandon this new child, for he is one of ours. We
will give this humble one our blessings. Itwill need no others'

With such assurances from the Dragon Kings, Dev
retained the notion of Snake and kept the Nagah as he
punishers. When the time came for them to learn Gifts anc
begin fulfilling their duties to the Emerald Mother, the firs
Nagah, blessed by the Three Mothers, entered the Dragor
Realm and presented themselves before their terrible scalec
patrons for instruction.

The High Dragons, the Wani themselves — part storm
part dragon — resided in enormous caverns or immense ston¢
palaces in their realm of Xi Wang Chi. Grear spirits of al
ophidian, crocodilian and saurian descriptions attend the
Dragon Queensand Kings, including Tiamatand Typhon, anc
our terrible foremothers, the scaled and punishing Furies. A:
the highest-ranking lords and ladies of the spirit world, the
Dragon Kingsare granted absolute respect. And in the presence
of their esteemed children, they attentively give it as well.

22 Nagah

Though you would know berterthan I, Sesha, lam led to
understand that the Wani are creatures of both random,
violent chaos and terrifying intellectual focus. By alternating
one with the other, or by filtering one through the other, they
can be most... awe-inspiring.

It was in Xi Wang Chi that the Dragon Kings first
taught the Nagah to be venomous. The Serpent People
were, and stillare, taught thatour venom isa badge of honor,
the mark of our status as wise judges and lethal assassins. The
most important thing a young Nagah learns after her first
change is to never rely on venom. Doing so with any
frequency is the sign of a sloppy assassin and leads to obvious
patterns in the chain of dead Khurah that trails behind us,
an egregious violation of protocol that the cleverer among
our prey could piece together, with results that could best be
termed... regrettable. The Wani gave us venom in recogni-
tion of our station as Devi's assassins, notas the primary tool
of the execution of our duties.

The Dragon Kings taught the first Nagah well. That
had its own drawbacks. There was so much to know that had
to be always held in mind that the Memory of our forebears,
the Mokolé, had to be given up. Nagah still have extraordi-
narily keen memories, but we have to. As the tenders,
hunters, judges and executioners of the Khurah, we are
obligated to know things about the other Breeds that they
would kill us for in the twitch of an eye, including the names
of the lost Breeds and some of the Bastet's great secrets. Most
ofusno longer have access to the deep pools of Memory that
the Mokolé have, but where the transgressions of the Khurah
are concerned, our memories are quite long indeed.

When the Nagah returned from Xi Wang Chi, nearly
four thousand years ago. they settled fora while in the Indus
Valley in the north of what is now called Bharat, or India.
After cultivating Kinfolk, they spread across the face of the
world in order to maintain watch over the Khurah. Our
ancestors, when given the opportunity, congregated near
water, rivers mostly, but, because they had to be, they were
also found in the deserts, jungles, forests, swamps and plains.
Wherever the Khurah operated, the Nagah had to be there
to watch, to judge and to strike when needed to maintain
order among the Changing Breeds.

The lyperytuta

When the Garou decided to keep the human popula-
tion down by thinning the herd, they thought it was an idea
that all Khurah would support. When only the Ratkin and
Apis noticed their efforts, the Garou grew sullen and snide.
It-was not out of a sense of duty or responsibility to manage
Devi's opus that they opted to keep the humans in their
place — it clearly had nothing to do with their role as "the
Warriors of Devi." I feel they did it out of malice, out of
arrogance and because they enjoyed the sense of power it
gave them over creatures that were weaker than they. Even
then, when the world was still young, the Garou were the
problem children among the shapeshifters. Had our insight

23

been greater then, we would have observed a subtle
Impergium of our own against the Garou. Asit was, forevery
single rogue member of the other Changing Breeds that our
ancestors were obligated to weed out — from all the other
Breeds combined, Apis to Rokea — our ancestors had to
execute nearly three Garou. And consensus among most
nests today is thar we should have been sterner judges. |
cannot be telling you anything new, Sesha, when I say that
Nagah nests speak constantly of it today in hushed tones:
too many of our ancestors were lax and indulgent of the
Garou's untempered arrogance.

We have concocted extenuating circumstances for
their lack of insight as means of pardoning them. Soldiers
are expected to die for their cause, and those who are
willing to die in the defense of others have always been
granted an extra measure of indulgence by those they're
expected to die defending. The same phenomenon still
plays out among soldiers in the modern world; it's called
furlough or shore leave. The harshness of combat is re-
flected in the laxity shown, as well; the harsher the fight,
the more lenient the authorities tend to be on the warriors.
Our ancestors allowed the Garou a great degree of leeway
before meting out punishment, and the other Fera and we
have suffered for their mercy ever since.

In hindsight we feel the pattern should have been
obvious and therefore preventable. Garou lords, fresh from
some great battle, would grow hostile, cruel, drunk on their
own power. The minions of the Corrupter were relatively
rare in those days, leaving the Garou with too much time on
their bloody hands. When the Wolves grew bored, Devi's
other creatures made easy targets. In time, small infractions
became larger infractions and the transgressions of the
leaders diffused throughout their packs and from there
through their tribes. The Nagah of some regions were clearly
more aggressive in monitoring their charges than were their
peers. The Nagah of Africa and the Pure Lands were much
stricter in their adherence to their dharmic obligations than
their counterparts in Europe. There was no Sesha yet and,
consequently, no way of setting standards by which all
Nagah could judge the Khurah's infractions. It was supposed
to be intuitive, but, as often as not, it wasn't.

Watching the Khurah was not all our ancestors did.
The wereserpents' obligations rarely brought them into
conflict with humans, giving the Serpent People greater
leeway to interact with them constructively. The Nagah's
interest in dance and art began early. Every culture in which
we had Kinfolk developed drumming, and from drumming
came music and from music came dance. Describing them-
selves as the Dancers of Devi was initially a joke among the
Serpent People, but when inquiring Khurah came around
asking inappropriate questions, it became the common
answer. At no point has the Nagah's true function among
the Khurah been made explicit, but some of the craftier
among them — the Camazotz and the Mokolé for certain,
possibly the Corax — probably put two and two together.
These days it's only the hengeyokai who even know we're

Ap Oipathg, Vianpoly
3 "Seshat i it's veryeasy to condemn the Garou! for ra

Ampergium, andsto say that we were ke ery bus}
slaying them for betraying their dui jieye my
mn hestmate" "finds ita liccle" harder t0 admit that" the |
Impergitim' was novia*betrayal of the Garou's role of
Warriors any more than a Mokole's fight against De
"enemies isabettayal of his role asa rememberer. Did the
werewolves abandon theiwar on' Devi'sifoes? Diditheyy
mal e-war on thewrong targéts?No, They culleda herd,
just as clever humans today cullithe hetdls of deento
prevent the deer from starving. "|

The'sin [see is not that the Siro? ‘a the
_Impergium, bur that'they did not let the Ratkin assist
" them. Had the GatouandRatkineooperatedinstead of |
slaying one another, then perhaps we would still have.)
cities and medicinesand art; but not Quite, sé many
people choking the world. L am, no champion of a4
Garou race, but tocall the en the beginni
all ills seems tome the judgement of'a Woden) aay
with modern sensibilities,

Sodidotr ancestors: pail ponds quite asthany as my"
)-nestmate claims? I'm certain I don't know. i wasn't there!

—Iindra's)Dart e >" 7

alive, and as long as they're content not to broadcast that
fact or confront us about our role in Devi's tapestry, we're
content to let them live with their little secret.

During the Impergium, the Nagah interacted peace-
fully with humans more often than any other Breed except
for the Apis, a situation that benefited all involved. Though
thinning the human herd was properly the task of the
Ratkin, the Garou made it their own. And... my nestmate
does make a strong point. Except for particularly gruesome
excesses, which probably indicated the Corrupter's influ-
ence anyway, it was not the Nagah's place to interfere with
the Impergium. It was and still is the role of predators to
moderate populations of prey animals, and humans hadn't
yet ceased being prey. We did, from time to time, punish
those Wolves who committed atrocities against the human
tribes, particularly if those tribes contained Nagah Kinfolk.
Beyond that, we paid little orno attention to the Impergium.

Mostcuriously, though ourserpent Kinfolk have frightened
them for millennia, proper Nagah have little history of terroriz-
ing humans. It makes me wonder why the Delirium comes on
those who view our Azhi Dahaka form — it is seemingly some
great ancestral memory, but from where does it spring?

The Age of Xogt

Ultimately, it was our peaceful and open coexistence
with human communities in India that resulted in what we
can only call the Nagah Golden Age. As much as some of
the Khurah, notably the Garou, scorned us for doing it, most

24 Nagah

|

[modem Nagah have come to feel that it was precisely what Once more our function among the shapeshifters be-
our ancestors ought to have been doing. Many Naga still — camean issue asthe Garou and certain members of the other
\resided in the wild, outside cities, but a large percentage of | Changing Breeds tried to accuse us of dereliction of our
Iporancestors welcomed the interaction with humans, many duties... and promptly realized they had no idea what our
‘ofwhom had a great deal to share with us, particularly their duties to Deviwere. Were we really the dancers of Devi? The
assorted arts and other cultural elements. It was also an artists of Devi? Devi's temple prostitutes? There were
effective way to monitor the Apis, Ratkin and Garou. Z, Khurah who believed all of those things, butultimately
Throughout India, the Nagah were open they had to concede that they did not know. They
aboutwhatthey were. Ourancestorsshifted
form before their chosen associates
without shame or fear, and so we
entered human legend as wise
teachers, spiritual guides and in-
termediaries to the spirits. | have
heard that as the Hindus
adopted their caste system,
Nagah were automatically
assumed into the high-
esttwocastes: the Brah-
min priests and the
Kshatriya warriors. Our
teal concerted move into
the circles of power had to
wait for the guidance of
Silappadikaram, whom I
shall discuss presently.
Other shapeshifters, most particularly
the Garou, were openly dismissive of our
gracious participation in the develop-
ing human culture. We were ac-
cused of abandoning Gaia and our
ierpentKinfolk, neither of which
was true. Our ancestors never
‘orgot or abandoned their
juties to the Emerald
Mother, and our cobra
Cinfolk in India were re-
vered just as we were.
There was no conflict
ofinterest as there may
yave been for Ratkin or
Sarou living ina similar
nanner. It was always
he Garou who went
yut of their way to tell
as what contempt they
reld us in for taking advan-
age of the comforts of civi-
ization. They called us,

unong other things, Weaver- at
overs, which was ludicrous. *

do with us unless commanded to do so by the
Wani. Those Khurah who had the effrontery to
ask the Wani about our business were either
rebuffed and rained upon or blasted to cinders,
depending on the mood of the Dragon Kings
and the tone of the inquiry. Our cousins the
Mokolé knew that we did not perform the same
task as they, and they may have been wise enough
to figure out what it was we were doing.
They at least had the good form not to
wonder aloud.

The first Nagah, those who
had gone to Xi Wang Chi to study
with the Dragon Kings, had unof-
ficially adopted as their leader
Kala, the favored of the Wani. It
was he who led them in consolidating
their place among the people of
the Indus Valley.
Kala was, and still is, consid-
ered one of the wisest and
most highly skilled Nagah
ever to have been given to
us by the Three Mothers.
Underthe tutelage of the Wani,
Kala had
guished himself as <
cunning tacti
potent mystic and an
excellent assassin. When the
Nagah returned from the
realm ofthe Dragon Kings,
they all looked upon Kala
as a leader, which, accord-
ing to legend, he found frustrating.
If other Nagah came to him for
advice, he would give it, but he did
everything in his power toavoid becom-
ing that which he is called to this day; the King of the Nagah.
Kala is a cultural hero of the Serpent People. His
With a single, reviled, exception, legends, while fantastic, have a ring of truth to them that
he Serpent People have always taken Nagah find deeply inspirational. Over the course of his
yains to revere the true Triat of the Creator, Preserver and enormously extended life, Kala judged many Khurah, spar-
Destroyer while ignoring the dark reflections of the Corrupter ing those whose potential outstripped the magnitude oi
ind the Trapper. their transgression and killing the rest as compassionately as

Chapter One: The Great Epic 25

possible. He was also an ardent foe of the rakshasa, the
illusion-using demons that infested India and many Kala
tales are accounts of the clever ways in which he vanquished
his enemies by seeing through their subterfuge.

While there are no tales of Kala's death, it is recorded
thathe left civilization and became asannyasin, a renunciate,
shortly after the invasion of India by Alexander the Great.
There are some Nagah who like to think that he was called
back to Xi Wang Chi where the Dragon Kings made him one
of their lieutenants, but most feel it likely that he either died
in the War of Rage or just returned to Devi's cycle naturally.

Whatever else he may have done, Sesha, Kala estab-
lished a precedent among the Nagah of acknowledging one
of their own as a de facto ruler. King really is too strong a
word, but it's the simplest and conveys the notion of some-
one that oversees and guides. The Nagah King never ruled,
per se; it was always much more subtle than that — more like
suggested. The Nagah King was more a gray eminence who,
rather than dictate his will, nudged events roward certain
outcomes. Those same strategies of statecraft later came to
number among thes]
execution of their @b

Kala was far to
becominga legend thereby—top
for more than the first few decades andi
re history becami specter

nee anda hatipiieese par exeellerice: oe
ae had a clear vision of where he wanted to take!

The Serpent People are a sensual race, and have

our very inception — it is one of the blessings of the River

Mother who taught us to enjoy the feel of the river sliding over
ourscales as we glided through the water. That had always been
ypleasing and enjoyable fact of life for our kind, butithad never
deen particularly important otherwise. Silappadikaram, being
imaster strategist, was keen on turningall of the Nagah's native
nclinations into strengths that could be used to our benefit. At
heir new king's suggestion, our ancestors began using dance,
soetry and other arts as ways of shaping their own destiny
imong the humans in whose midst they so frequently lived. By
nastering, and subsequently teaching, their culture's arts and
dody of knowledge, the Nagah were able to, in many ways, take
sharge of that culture. Thus, in India we taught dance and
sreated the discipline of Yoga.

From there it wasa very short leap tocharmingand marrying
nto the existing power structure of whatever place we were in.

According to Silappadikaram —and I believe thisis fact,
rot just prejudice, Sesha— the Three Mothers had made the
Nagah stronger, wiser and more knowledgeable than humans
or many reasons, not the least of which was to help guide the

'symost powerful tools inte

The Nagah King'sde facto: abdication opened the way for), A the Rarkin.

human race to greater enlightenment and sophistication anc
correspondingly less barbarism. Itis, consequently, thedutyo
the Serpent People to gravitate toward the highest position:
of leadership in any human society in which they live.

Given that such leadership positions also typically
came with the additional benefits of comfortand arelatively
sumptuous standard of living, it wasn't hard to convince the
Nagah to charm their way into the bedrooms, stateroom:
and halls of power. The Nagah were already members 0}
India's highest castes — the Brahmin, who mastered anc
transmitted the Vedas and associated ritual practices an¢
the Kshatriya, the masters of weapons and statecraft— an¢
from there they rapidly incorporated themselves into the
country's royal power structure.

It was a resounding success. Under the guidance of the
Nagah, the Indus Valley civilization becamea thriving nation
at the center of important trade routes. Silk, gold, perfume
and rare spices passed through India, many of them winding
upin the hands of Nagah royalty, whoknew how toappreciate

i In the course of three generations, not only was

Kinfolk became a sign of good
til the War of Rage, in fact —

{istication and leadership.
g the ‘Age of Kings when the
askings, Came into conflict with
feel the need to thin the

Nagah, becat

a

put in an awkward position. The Ratkin were
eir obligation to Devi, but, on the contrary,
ile nothing resembling open hostilities ever
‘tween our ancestors and the Rat People—notin
India, in any case — | feel it's safe to say that Ratkin who
brought plagues or famine too frequently to populations ruled
by Nagah were frequently judged... harshly. While I do not
believe our ancestors' twin obligations to Devi and to their
peopleeverresulted in clearly unethical behavior, the appear-
ance of impropriety is at least as problematic as impropriety
itself. That fact has generated resentments that have effec-
tively kept us from ever growing close to the Rat People.

While the Nagah were inclined to do everything in their
power to repel the Ratkin, the temptation with the Apis was to
do the opposite. The Apis, commonly called the matchmakers
of Devi, watched over the human population and made sure
that romance resulted in proper couplings and, subsequently,
appropriate family bonds. Clearly, those communities tended
by the Apis were healthier than those that were not and, as
kings of humans and judges of Khurah, powerful motivation
existed to ignore infractions on the part of an Apis as longas it
was performing its duties well in the Nagah's kingdom. What
ourancestors' exact relationship with the Apis wasis unknown.
Given that the Auroch People were entirely wiped out by the
Garou during the War of Rage, the point is moor.

26 Nageh

Age of Kings, while clearly advantageous for our
inmany ways, required much of their self-discipline.

accounts of the time, written by our ancestors in
tell us that they refused to shirk either duty, to Devi
se they ruled. While the lives of most of the Khurah
tively simple at the time, many Nagah attended to
rs of state by day and slipped away in the river to attend
ifter matters by night. It was'as draining as it was
Sesha, how could it have been otherwise?

the peak of the Age of Kings, there were more kings
there were kingdoms. Silappadikaram announced that
was tobe an exodus from Bharat. Our fellow Khurah were
ed across the globe, and if we were to fulfill our obliga-
the Three Mothers, then we had to be where they were
ell, Just as the Nagah had become kings in India, so were
other lands that called out for our wise guidance.

Some believe that Silappadikaram called for this exo-
§ primarily for strategic reasons — havingso many Nagah
ered in one place'tould have been catastrophic under,
ain circumstanées. But there)

to happen,
ance of our di

Sagah kingdoms and thes
ag their home, traveling! rand by ocean. Many
tttledin the Middle East, where they established the Yamilka

nd battled with the Persian sand wigards and their djinn/
tevants. Others found Egypt and availéd themselves of its~

dvanced culture and beautiful river; | understand that many

fourpeople became fast friends with the others there. Others —

jade it to Crete, where civilization was thriving alrea
Ithough they found Garou there in large num

The most adventurous of our kind took to
lrimately finding themselves as far away as Au:
ae Pure Lands.

Surprisingly large numbers of our kind found their way
) England and Ireland. They could not be as open as they
ad been in Bharat, but they thrived there, incorporating
yemselves— where the Garou would let them — into royal
ouses. While England had nowhere near the level of
Vilization that India had attained at the time, our ances-
ws took up the challenge. Before the War of Rage, there
ere several kings and queens of Ireland, Scotland, England
ad Wales that were Kinfolk. The black hair and green eyes
the Welsh and Black Irish are still there as visible
mnants of Nagah blood.

The exodus was, all things considered, quite successful.
he proud Serpent People dispersed throughout the world
ith relative success and found viable Kinfolk almost every-
here they went. Our ancestors considered it a time of great
‘omise. What Silappadikaram could not have foreseen,
swever, was the catastrophic timing of the emigration. The
ypulation of Indian Nagah was reduced toa fraction of its
jor size and the wereserpents who had scattered outward

never had time to establish significant numbers in their
newfound homes before suffering from the trials to come.
They had gone from being almost common in India to being
thinly spread across the globe, and therein lay our undoing,
because not more than a handful of centuries later came...

Tie War of Rage

Sesha, I admit that my learning is imperfect here.
According to many of our own legends, the War of Rage
came well after the Impergium, when human civilization
was in full flower. According to the tales of many Khurah,
the War of Rage wasa thing that happened not long after the
Impergium's end, before there was an Egypt and a Sparta. 1
cannot reconcile the stories —I can only presume that the
war was not like human wars that begin and end with
proclamations, but more like the war of the Garou that has
raged since the world's dawn and never yet ended.

Here is the story I know:

When the raging Wolves came swarming into Bharat,
the'Nagah Golden Age arrived at its abrupt conclusion. In
India, the ‘Khan, the Makara Mokolé, a handful of Apis and
rzand even hunian armies under the direction of the
Kshavriya largely repélled the indignant Garou. The
m i ugh they were determined
fighters, were noton par with thé\Garou's martial prowess;
they suffered enormous losses early on and never recovered.
The Khan, Mokolé and Nagah, héwever, were at least
somewhat more énduring: Wemade the werewolves suffer
for every life they took in our land. Though our numbers

_ were decimated, we had driven backirhe Wolves. In India,

felt as:though we'd won the Warlof Rage, or at least
eathereditrelatively well. That was the only thing we had
. Everywhere else, the Serpent People had been
aged and slain by the marauding Garou.
Orthey had gone intohiding. Water hides us well. Garou
fancy themselves matches for any of us, and on land, inaone-
on-one, face to face fight, if we're cornered and our venom is
spent, they might well be. But even a pack of experienced
Garou is taking its collective life in its own hands if it enters
our Ananta, one hundred feet below the water'ssurface, while
even one of us, no less a nest, quietly awaits them in Azhi
Dahaka form with full venom sacs. At this stage, however, I
suppose such consolations are moot. Ourancestors died in the
War of Rage, and they died en masse.

Once the war began in earnest, there was little that
could be done to salvage the situation. Ironically, we were
obligated to punish the Garou's arrogance, but once they
arrayed themselves against all the other shapeshifters, we
could not act from stealth, the place of our strength, any
more. Punishing or executing one corrupt individual —
even if that individual is a powerful Garou — is not difficult
fora Nagah. Iris, after all, what we're made for. We have, for
lifetimes, studied the arts required to take down a target
directly or indirectly. A significant portion of what the
Nagah were created to do involves stealthily eliminating

Chapter One: The Great Epic 27

corrupt Khurah while creating neither waves nor martyrs.
We know full well how to stalk prey, implode reputations,
arrange accidents and topple tyrants and rogues. However,
Nagah methods, effective as they are, require thought,
strategy and tactics; above all, they require time. Meeting
pack upon pack of battle-ready Garou, unified by shared self-
righteous rage and madness, on a battlefield does not play to
our strengths, which explains why so many of our kind died
despite the training and Gifts of the mighty Dragon Kings.

Consequences of the War of Rage

Other shapeshifters were hitby the War of Rage far worse
than we, ultimately, but we were among the Garou's prime
targets. They seemed to reserve a special hatred for those of us
who would not share our secrets. At the war's inception, we
appeared to be the easiest targets among all the Breeds, and
our composure and our appreciation of a somewhat finer
quality of life had long been a smoldering source of resent-
ment among the Garou. To their eyes, we were fops and
dandies, effete snobs, aesthetes, human lovers, the Changing
Breed that was content to sit back and lead the life of royalty.
While much of what they said was perfectly true, it didn't
interfere with the execution of our duties to the Triat or to
Devi and, frankly, it was none of their concern anyway.

When packs of enraged Garou began entering
wereserpent castles and palaces and slaying us and our
Kinfolk, the Garou soon discovered that we were not the
comfortable targets they thought us to be. They underesti-
mated us egregiously — at the outset at least. Nagah legend

includes a few accounts of a single skilled wereserpent
slaying entire packs of cocky young werewolves; how many
others can boast that? We are the children of dragons, and
the Wani gifted us generously. Our venom is not to be
ignored, nor is our skill with weapons. In India particularly,
our ancestors made heavy use of the bow and arrow, mitigat-
ing the Garou's greater destructiveness at close range. An-
other advantage that we used occasionally during the War
of Rage but make much greater use of now is comprehensive
nest fighting strategies. The Garou commonly assume that
outmumbered means overwhelmed, and they use their greater
numbers in the bluntest manner possible. Nagah practice
interdependence. Every nest stays attuned to, and performs
in accordance with, its members' strengths and weaknesses.
By so doing, a nest of three can defeat a pack of four.
Unfortunately, that was one of the few lessons that ever
made it through the wolves' thick skulls.

Anestof three cannot fighta pack of eight. Toward the
end, we were fighting war packs of twelve, sixteen, even
twenty Garou. Before the War of Rage, traveling in nests at
all was relatively uncommon for our People. Nagah simply
did not tend to travel together in such numbers; it's gener-
ally unnecessary. In those days, the Garou had the luxury of
numbers. We never have.

The Wolves were outraged that we would dare fight back
against them and declared, quite directly, that they were going
towipe us from the face of Gaia. They called in every fayor from
every spirit, hauled out every lethal fetish, talen and rite that
they could muster to savage us. Against most of the other


the War of Rage was, at its root, about arrogance, but
asthe Nagah —and toa degree against the Grondras well
—itwas more to do with expressing a vendetta. The Garou led
avery focused campaign against us, entering lands they would
-steerclear of just to make war on the Serpent People.
ad, for the most part, it worked. They are the warriors of Gaia,
| gfter all. And She made them well.
In regions where Nagah and Garou had once co-
"existed, the Nagah were all burrendered extinct. Our people
‘in Europe were wiped out almost entirely. The Fianna were
‘particularly bloodthirsty, not resting until they had wiped
‘outeverylast Nagah and all ofour serpent Kinfolk in Ireland,
‘destroying all bur vestiges of the once-rich culture there.
Europe and Central Asia, in particular, were the worst;
‘where the Wolves went, the Nagah were left decimated, if
‘not exterminated entirely. Only in those places that the
Garou found utterly intolerable — oceans, jungles, deserts
— were we left unmolested. Our people survived only
because our territory extends across so many vastly different
regions. Had our territory been as narrow as that of the
Grondr, we, too, would be extinct by now.
Imagine our shame, then, when we discovered that the
blame for this tragedy lay firmly with one of our own.
Though we wish it were not, that dark account, too, isa
part of Nagah history. It is drilled mercilessly into the heads
of young Nagah, and I will tell you that tale, too, Sesha.
Listen —

The Phver Font eed

Generations after the reign of the Nagah King
Silappadikaram had come to an end, which itself took place
many generations after the exodus of the Nagah from India, the
presiding Serpent King of India, Takshaka, had senthislieuten-
ant, a Nagah of the Kshatriya caste by the name of Vinata, to
Persia to hold a consultation with the Yamilka, Takshaka was
ascertaining whether the Yamilka's charges had the numbers
required to act as necessary against the Garou whose behavior
toward the other Khurah had been growing increasingly outra-
geous throughout most of eastern Europe. The matter had been
discussed, and Vinata was on her way back to Benares to tell
Takshaka that, yes, in fact, the Yamilka did need more Nagah.
Many Garou, some of them quite powerful, had violently and
destructively overstepped their bounds in relation to the other
Khurah, and they were being targeted for assassination before
the problem became critical.

Vinata was a particularly powerful and trusted advisor
to Takshaka. When she stopped — on her way back to
Benares with critical information —at the southern edge of
the Caspian Sea and told her retinue to wait there for her
until she returned from a long swim, they assumed she was
acting within her authority to do so. She assumed the Kali
Dahaka form and entered the water.

"Sesha. I do not thinkiris literally true— I believe itis

»promise to the long roster of the amazing things it

_ there was nothing she would not do. By thappoint, she

Lhave heard‘ story of Vinata's temptation, my

moreallegory and parable: But youimay judge the story, |
and it is:this:

The Corrupter had been working its.way into
Vinata'ssmind for decades, Ir had chosen her as its
champion among the*Nagah because'she was hungry
for power in a way thar legitimate meansicould never
ssatisly. It made her crueland inclined tojudge Khurah
with a lethal harshness. Every time she carried out a |
rash or questionable assassination, it was able to creep
alittle deeperin. It told herthat if she would perform
‘asingle important service for ir, tharitwould empower.
herand her alone to be the primarydestroyer ofall the
swayward Khurah. Each time she made a kill — and
Vinata had made many more than most Nagah her age
— the voite of the'Corrupter would add another |

would do for herif'she would perform asingle small task
for it: It promised her instant access'to the mind of any
other"individual, the ‘better' to know if they were
plotting anything she could destroy them for. Ittold.
her thapafter her wise, noble' purge of the traitorous
ones, there would be no needat allto watch over many
vof the Changing Breed, because they would be so
fearful of hergreat power —and, consequently, sowell-
behaved — that peace would follow in' her gertible
wake. The other Nagah would thensbow before her,
thanking her'for the sacrifice that allowed them to
devore themselyescompletely tothe pursuits of royalty
without thedistractions of theit karmic obligations to
the Three Mothers: |
The Corrupter teased her mercilessly with visions
of power. It made her hungry for such might, made her
‘Crave power more than anything else: Initially; Vinata
said she might consider doing somesmall act ofservice
for it. Later, after it had not made her anyfurther offers,
she gave ivadéfinité yes. In time,Vinata was begging
the Gorrupter toilet her do its bidding, promising that'

would have vivisected and eaten her own children in
its name. And that degree of loyalty was exactly what
the'Corrupterwanted. When itasked formothing more
than'thedeath.of one-young Garou, Vinata was almost
disappointed. Sheld begun to hope that it would ask
something truly horrificof her.

Only later did she realize the degree to which ir
had done just that.
— Dragon Boat

Chapter One: The Great Epic 29

Her retinue had quite a while to wait. Her intended
destination wasa village on the north shore of the Caspian Sea.

She was on her way to meet a great enemy of the
Corrupter. And kill him.

Oddly, we have more information about the other halfof
this equation, the Garou, than we do about Vinata. Because
of the role he played in this tragedy, his isone of the few names
we know besides that of the traitor and the barbarian general.
His name was Petros the Unyielding. He was a member of the
Silver Fangs Garou tribe, one of their full moons — what we
typically think of as the Kshatriya caste.

Petros was, by all accounts, the epitome of what
werewolves like to think they are: he was chivalrous, chari
matic and an excellent warrior. Though he never knew it
had been judged by a Nagah perhaps a year befor

actions had been found above reproach. He was a prii
sonofsome great Russian werewolf king whose nam

of the Silver Fangs farther west — those'e:
thar the Yamilka were requesting help,
That letter read:
"Konstantos — f
You are out of line. We have re: dangerous foes,

who deserve your Rage far more t1 e other [Changing
Breeds]. Unless you are unfairly oe cease hostili

bottom of the skin ihe message yas written on.

We know the text of this letter because the
was among Vinata's possessions. It was, in fac!
factor in the determination of Vinata's gui
been translated into Sanskrit and chiseled o
are, in fact, kept here in your Ananta, Sesh:

When Vinata got to the top of the Caspial
ered thatshe had missed Petros. The Corruptery
ably, irate.

Remaining in Kali Dahaka, Vinata raced
a tremendous speed for nearly three days before shit
up to him.

Once finished, Vinata took Petros' horse, rode at
speed back to the Caspian, changed to swimming form and
returned to her retinue, still waiting for her. Just over a week
had passed since she left them.

Garou Kinfolk found Petros' body less than a mile from
his destination. It was whole, but it had been... desecrated.

Not realizing that the bloody consequences of her deed
would spark an investigation, Vinata claimed that she had
been called by Devi to judge a particularly wayward Garou.
Ttwasn'ta natural thing fora Nagah to say, and the members
of her retinue were not impressed. They rode back to
Benares in silence.

Meanwhile, the Silver Fangs under the command of
Konstantos the Savage blamed the death of Petros on a
young Bubasti man, whom they slaughtered. Konstantos,

while little more than a barbarian at heart, had heard of the
Gurahl's ability to resurrect the dead, and — in-an urgent
attempt not to have to explain the death of Petros to the
king (whom he feltdid not particularly care forhim as it was)
— headed north and tracked down three different Gurahl
over the course of the following week.

Konstantos was not a man gifted with the social graces.
He demanded that the Bear People either resurrect Petros or
teach the necessary Gift to their Theurge so the boy, who
was well liked among the Garou, could be brought back.

The Gurahl apologized but respectfully refused to resur-
rect Petros or share the knowledge of the resurrecting Gift,
which Konstantos interpreted as an intolerable act of spite.
The Gurahl tried to explain themselves, but Konstantos'

pidly became agitated, then violent. The fight that
according to the histories, spectacularly bru-
¢ three Gurahl were killed at the cost of the
rou, including Konstantos.
ving Gurahl escaped and begged for sanctu-
sid Grondr. He took her in and she related
ed.

out. Gurahl and Grondr from across the
to discuss their options in the face of
u hostility. The Grondr were indignant at the
ance and unprovoked violence. At their urg-
urah launcheda terrible counterstrike against
, and the wheel of fate rapidly spun out of control.
e Garou's response was, to say the least, impressive

d largely final. We call it the War of Rage.

The cause of the ordeal, Vinata, was by that time back
in Benares, wearing luxuriant silks and spending hours
combing her long black hair. The Nagah all sensed that
something was deeply wrong with her. She was sullen and
unresponsive to social interaction. The Corrupter, finished
with its fine game, had decided that while it was happy to
grant Vinata great power, It didn't want to give her the vast
abilities it had said it would. Those, It promised her, she
would have after she performed one more small task.

Tr would be weeks fore the bloody consequences of

the Ukraine to Benares.

aka could not allow himself to have a lieutenant
whose judgment and behavior weresoclearly unstable. Inan
effort to determine the nature of Vinata's problem, he sent
her to Sri Lanka on a mission of no consequence. While she
was gone, he searched her chambers. He found Petros' letter
from the king to Konstantos, but it made no sense to him.
Taking the letter, he sought an audience with the Wani.
Takshaka entered Xi Wang Chi and expressed his
concerns for Vinata. One of the Serpent Ladies summoned
a series of cloud and wind spirits that had seen Vinata's
actions, and the spirits recounted for Takshaka and the
‘Wani exactly what had transpired.

30 Nagah

As they listened, the Dragon Queen grew ashamed for
| of serpentkind. Takshaka was humiliated that he had
josen his lieutenant so poorly.

"Even as the Serpent Lady and Takshaka stood there,
in the realm of Xi Wang Chi grew increasingly
-ridden and the cavern of the Furies began to shake
with the fury of their sibilant rage.

Whe Ponibment of Vinata
f When Takshaka returned to Benares from Xi Wang
Chi, he knew of the approaching War of Rage as well as its
likely outcome. The Wani had shown him the advance of
Beers Garou. They would be in Benares by dusk and
the moon was full. z

Takshaka's last act as Nagah King was to welcd
Vinata back from Sri Lanka.
When Vinata entered Benares in Azhi Dahalformg

hecame clearthatthe Corrupter's touch had left her changed,

Her features were sharper, her scales darkerand her,v:

seemed pinched and cold. Lethality dripped fro very
languid gesture.

Nagah, humans and Kinfolk, waned Takshaka,
stayed out of sight,

The Nagah King had no nen és confronting
Vinata physically. She was, by then, too powerful for even
him to overcome. Her abandonment of balance was her
damnation —a fact obvious to those'who watched her enters
the city — bur it made her the favored daughter of
Sormpter — and whom the Corrupter loves, It em

How.do you convince someéne that she has goj
the wrong path, Sesha, when all the physical si
ind success spring up at her very step?

Takshaka met Vinata at the gates of
accompanied her to the grand hall where he;
ances. The two talked idly about small thin;
aad no knowledge of Vinata's treachery. When'
the audience hall, the doors closed behind
nearda low hiss and the fevered buzz of tail rateh
ooked up at the dais where Takshaka normal
peheld the most terrifying member of Typhon'sand
Brood: The Kaliya, the many-headed spirit of vengean:

s the Kaliya who judges errant judges, punishes cruel pun=

shers and executes corrupt executioners.

Realizing Takshaka's duplicity, she smiled and turned
:o gut him with her talons. The Nagah King stood there,
steadfast, preparing to defend himself to whatever degree
er twisted power allowed... but her blow never connected.

In less time than passes between heartbeats, the Kaliya
snatched her up in its barbed coils and spirited her away to its
cavern in Xi Wang Chi to begin punishment. Since the
Cormupter's favor had made Vinata so resilient, it would take
yer decades to die under the Kaliya's excruciating ministra-
tions. Ironically, though she spent every sliver of every hour
of every remaining day of her life wishing that she could die,
the traitor lived longer than the majority of her kind.

Chapter One: The Great Epic

By preventing Vinata's killing blow, the Kaliya extended
Takshaka's life by another handful ofhours. By dusk, the Garou
had arrived in the city and the slaughter of Nagah began.

Aforidé

The War of Rage tuned us from wise judges to skulking
victims living by stealth alone. In the face of oncoming
swarms of enraged Garou, there was nothing that could
preserve the way of life we had grown so fond of — not our
royal status, not our tactical training and certainly not our
prowess at assassination. Our ancestors initially hoped thar
India was being singled out for attack and that the exodus of
Nagah to the limits of the world had turned out to be a wise
strategy after all. Only later did we discover that the exodus
had served only to spread our kind too thinly and all but
the Serpent People entirely.

e, there was litrle or no communication among
were so well hidden that we couldn't even find
‘imately, most Nagah tumed to their serpent
Tefe civilization almost entirely. For years, the
and artistic culture of the Nagah simply
people fled into the embrace of rivers, deserts
the ground. The War of Rage essentially sent the
id slide into our own dark age. Fora very long
rime, Serpent People were severed from one another,
Fobligations to Devi haphazardly, if at all.

sthe world, we were dead. That was, at least, a small

ing.

The end of that dark age came about with the founding
of the Sesha.

Long after the War of Rage, Mandrodari Ma — one of
the few truly old Nagah to have survived that event — swam
from her island of Sri Lanka to the mainland to see what had
become of the Nagah. She found snakes afraid to take human
form. She found an ancient sage living in the gutters of
Ranchavati. She found ascetics in the jungle who had under-
gone the Rite of Sannyasagnot because they were wise old
snakes ready to learn thé secrets of asceticism, but because
yWere.too terrified of the Wolves to live otherwise.
embarrassed by her own people.

"Being a powerful priest, she was able to enter Xi Wang
Chi, the Storm Realm, and address the Wani. During those
brief moments when the wind and thunder both grew calm
at the same time, the sound of Vinata's shrieks of agony
could be heard emanating from the cavern of the Kaliya.

She stood before the Dragon Fathers in a tattered robe.
She explained that Devi's punishers had experienced a
regrettable turn of fortune and she humbly asked for his help
in rectifying that situation.

The Dragon Fathers were tired, Sesha. They looked at
Mandrodari Ma's heart, looking for corruption so that they
could judge her, kill her and be done with it. What they saw
there was nobility and compassion.

31

The Dragon Fathers agreed to help the Serpent People,
but only by granting them the ability to organize and only if
they agreed to monitor one another much more closely, to
prevent such disgrace as Vinata had brought upon the
Serpent People. The one that stood forward to direct this
help was Seiryu, the great Blue Dragon of the East.

Seiryu lashed his gigantic tail at the churning ocean of Xi
Wang Chi, severing a portion of its waters from the realm.
Those waters would become the Nandana, the Ananta of the
Sesha. Then he ordered legions of Kolowissi, Inadu and
thundersnake spirits to go find the three wisest Nagah from
each breed and bring them back to Xi Wang Chi. Then he
hesitated and told them that he had one of the wisest Balaram
Nagah in front of him already, so he only needed two others.

Those revered nine became the first Sesha.

Seiryu reminded them, unsubtly, of the laws they had
forgotten. He asserted that the Serpent People should be
wise and fair judges as well as subtle and lethal assassins. He
built the Nandana in his coils so that the Sesha would have
a place to assemble and from which they could direct the
Nagah, allowing the wereserpents to act in concert.

Finally, Seiryu told the Sesha that Nagah would hence-
forth have to cluster together in nests. The bonds that
linked them would have to be strong to keep the Serpent
People together, but they would be obligated to protect one
another, nurture one another and scrutinize one another for
the Corrupter's influence, which had led to embarrassments
in the Nagah's history, To make his point, he had the Kaliya
bring out the wretched and flayed form of Vinata. She
cringed and cried out hoarsely with every step.

The Blue Dragon of the East pointed to Vinata as an
example of what could happen to even noble Nagah if any of
the Triat is able to seduce that individual to its side. The words
he spoke then, Sesha, have been firmly stamped into the minds
of every Nagah since: Loyalty to any facet of the Triat makes a
mockery of true justice. So saying, he crushed Vinata's body
beneath his gigantic claw, thus ending her misery forever.

The establishment of the Sesha put an end to the dark age
among the Nagah of the West and even the Pure Lands, but the
Nagah of the hengeyokai were slow in accepting the necessity
of such a system. It would take a tragedy to convince them of
the wisdom of this new way. That tragedy was called...

The Whar of Sdarwe

The Nagah of the Eastern Courts were not affected in
theslightest by the War of Rage, which the majority of them
had never even heard of. While their Western brethren
were being slaughtered and effectively banished from civi-
lization, the Nagah of the Beast Courts flourished.

For a while.

There were cankers in even that cultivated rose. A
different tragedy befell the Serpent People in the East, and
while it was far less destructive, in some ways it was worse.

The shapeshifters of the Middle Kingdom, called the
hengeyokai, fell prey to the manipulations of the greedy

Wan Xian. They wanted control of our sacred places, and if
they couldn't defeat us to take them —and they couldn't —
then they would have us defeat ourselves. It worked. The
Serpent People made the thinnest nod to their dutiesas they
claimed they were simply judging those they killed.

They killed Nezumi fornorkeepingtightenough control
on the humans and for dealing too strictly with the humans.

They killed Okuma for not healing all that were sick or
wounded.

They killed Tengu for conveying messages too slowly.

It was, in short, hypocrisy beyond measure.

Still, even during the darkest moments of the War of
Shame, Nagah would not slay those who were completely
without blame, and at no point did Nagah turn on other
Nagah, nor did they turn on their respected older brothers,
the Zhong Lung.

Those exceptions notwithstanding, the War of Shame
elicited from the Nagah of the East the most atrocious,
treacherous, unjust, self-serving behavior serpentkind has
ever shown.

The worst excesses of inauspicious judging during the
War of Shame we reserved for the Nezumi, with whom we
were locked in a vicious shadow war. Nagah slew scores of the
Rat People — and vice versa — until neither of our Breeds
could stomach itany more. The origins of thatconflict remain
unknown, Sesha, but we can only assume that somewhere the
Wan Xian were chuckling at their own cleverness.

We, of all of the Breeds, should have recognized the
manipulative tactics, the smear campaigns, the careful fan-
ning of flames of resentment and pride — but we didn't. We
are adept at using such tactics, but apparently blind to them
when we are their target.

oterbade

Sajita paused in her narrative, raising a finger to her chin.
"Sesha," she finally said, "I realize that I am being mattentive to the
shifting fortunes of humanity as | tell our history. But as you must
certainly know, when the Age of Kings ended, so did our closeness
to the human race. No more did we guide the development of cities
and bloodlines; no more did we indulge ourselves in the luxury of
manipulating our human Kin. Our business is now the fortunes of
the Khterah, not thatof the humans, Since the endof the Age of Kings,
we have lain at the bottom of the river, concealed ourselves among
the reeds. If war and famine befell our human Kin, we moumed —
but we did not intercede, not in any way that would betray our
presence. If there have been Nagah who made themselves players in
human history, who have started or ended wars, then they were uly
masters of anonymity, for I do not know their names."

A faint hiss filtered down from the' seats of the Sesha.
"Continue."

The Second War of Rage

Blindness can come easily when it's our own faults we're
trying to see. That's true for the Nagah, and it's certainly true
for the Wolf People. Many Khurah and spirits alike believe

32 Nagah

the Garou sealed their own fate with the Second War of Rage.
Children are allowed to make mistakes, and an indulgent
Mother could attribute even the horrors of the First War of
Rage to the folly of a young and somewhat overly boisterous
race. The lands across the Atlantic presented the Garou with
a second chance, the opportunity to get it right. With the
Second War of Rage, however, the Garou showed themselves
to be pathologically incapable of working with Gaia's other
children. The death scream of the last Camazotz was nothing
buta prescient echo of the death scream of the last Garou—
and they brought it upon themselves.

When the Garou began acting in what they called the
"Pure Lands," resuming their tireless crusades against the
Camazotz and the Gurahl, the Corax were kind enough to
spread the word openly. And we heard them, though they
did not call our names.

We traveled to this "New World," because we heard
that we were needed there. To our surprise, we discovered
that we had been there all along — to some degree. Several
of our kind had traveled along secret Umbral roads to the
West, knowing that wherever the Khurah went, they would
be needed. Though they had lost contact with the Sesha
they still maintained their bonds with the spirit world
through their contacts with certain water serpent spirit:
who still spoke with the Wani. It was a delicate dance we
shared with them when we first learned of one another, eack
one of us not daring toshare too much of our true natures but
deathly curious about the other. When we had finally
established that we were still all Nagah together, the young:
est Crown was founded: the Zuzeka.

And with the formation of the Zuzeka and the coordi
nation of nests in the Americas, the American Khurah were
able to finally benefit from our full and organized attention:
once more.

The ladle Revifiiion

I know that it is not given to us to judge humans as we
do the Khurah. But I imagine that when industry began tc
rear its head in such scope as it did during the Industria
Revolution, our forebears must have been sorely tempted
They poisoned the rivers, Sesha — they violated the water
of the mother that gave them life as well asus. Theirfactorie
tore up the ground, their cities swelled like wombs heav'
with demons, their smoke filled the air. It was.as if all th:
hells of the underworld were threatening to break free
pushing up the earth into wells of manmade toxin.

As the situation grew worse and worse, nests report
their misgivings to the Crowns, and the Crowns relayed thei
own worries to the Sesha. The Sesha in turn, in its wisdom
forbade the Nagah from taking direct action against th:
humans who devised these horrible buildings and machines
The reason given was that to take up arms against humanit
asa whole would be tousurp the position of the Ratkin —jus
as the Garou tried so long ago. Buteven Nandana shakes wit)
the tremors of industry, and the Sesha were wise to forese

3

that the difficulties would only grow worse. It was at this time
that the Sesha unveiled the latest of the Sacred Laws —
"Strike Against the Corrupter if the Opportunity Is True."

Though we obeyed the law and struck when and where it
was given to us to do so, still the human population has boiled
out of control. Mass industrialization has now usurped enor-
mous regions of land that the Serpent People once occupied.
regret that we are unable to prevent this growth, that we could
onlyslow it at best and still remain true to ourselves. Ithas been
a dark period, one that I pray we may yet be allowed to end.
While we still respect its parent, the Destroyer, the Corrupter
must not be allowed a free hand any more.

The other children of Rainbow Serpent, the Bunyip,
were allies of the Australian Nagah. We felt that they might
be aconnection between us and the other Garou, but those
hopes were dashed after the initial blows were exchanged
between the Bunyip and the invaders. They were dashed
further when it became clear that the likeliest outcome was
the death of the Bunyip: q

But Sesha, if &
for the necessity o}
possible before passing judgement,
that argument.

On the surface, it:
Bunyip and the nev

European werewolves were ridden by -impulses more of the
Corrupter than of the Destroyer, and that simple prejudice

brought the Bunyip low. And that assumption proved at
least partly true. But we owe a debt to the wisdom of the
Shining Rainfall nest, for it was they who le
— that the Europeans had been goaded into their.war by
their own fallen tribe, the Black Spiral Dancets. One 6f

Dancers, an exceptionally cunning beast named Mara the.

Scream framed the Bunyip for the murder of a ranking Red
Talon's sister. It was his fury that set tensions to all-out war,
and that led to the fall of the Bunyip.

Sesha, I do not wish to imply that the European Garou
were not to be held accountable for their actions. We judged
many during the War of Tears and found them lacking —
although I have heard it said that the Europeans blamed the
deaths of our targets on the Bunyip, and thus their fury
intensified. 1 would like to think that we were prudent in our
actions then, and that we did notourselves contribute to the
Bunyip's extinction — or that they would have died any-
way. Whatever the end result, ouractions were too little, too
late. And once the Bunyip passed into extinction, we left off
our judgement— not because the Bunyip are forgotten, but
because their ghosts appear to be avenging themselves
without our help.

But I will say this much — Mara the Scream did not
escape in the end. When I think of the Bunyip and mourn,
T like to console myself with the thought of the Dancer's
bones crunching in the jaws of the Kaliya.

__Englan

The Vodtern Age

The world wars are the major punctuation marks of the
twentieth century formost of the world. The horrorthey caused
particularly the Second World War, stole away the final vestige:
of innocence from many world powers. The first left our peopk
largely unaffected; the second one was devastating.

The Fist lorld War

Our numbers in Europe have never been more than :
small fraction of what they were before the War of Rage. The
prevalence of Garou makes the kind of long-term secrecy we'
need to observe burdensome. Consequently, the First Work
War, concentrated as it was on Europe, left us relatively
unscathed. There were stings, of course: the death of a single
Kinfolk, a poet of some talent, was mourned by many Nagal
around the world who otherwise knew nothing about Europe
or those that served their under the Nemontana. Thanks tc
colonization, and the subsequent emigration from India
also the funnel into harm's way for Indian Nagat
infolk, although most of them, members of the
Riad the good sense to remain in India

and Chinese. The atrocities of war eke
umans, testing us all with the temptatior
y soldiers as we could find. We had ow

Yes, the youth of many nations were conscripted— but
itis my belief, Sesha, that among the Changing Breeds, only
those who truly wanted to fight came to the battlefields. How
difficult can it be for a person who also walks as a beast, whe
enters the spirit world at will, to evade the clumsy press gang:
of the human military? And if recruited, how easy would it be
for one whose breast burns with Rage to successfully pas:
through training without incident? How would one conceal
his true nature on the battlefield? No, it's foolish to presume
that the Khurah — much less we — would be drawn en masse
into the conflict against their will. Only those whose territory
and Kin were threatened would be present in numbers.

And yet— the Khurah came. Not in greatnumbers, but
they came. Some stowed away on military vessels, eager tc
leap into the Pacific Theaterand hunt down whatever of the
Corrupter's children they could find there. Others found
their way here through the spirit world, sure that theit
enemies would do the same. We, and the Beast Courts
watched the newcomers carefully. Some were judged —and
found wanting. Others proved themselves allies by theit

34 Nagahk

‘even if we never approached them to call them
For many of the Vritra, this was the first time we had
Western Khurah in anything other than song.
ere noble; others were more monster than man or
And we now knew first-hand that the time to reveal
was no closer than before.

give me, Sesha. I cannot describe the horror that
our kind when the first atomic bomb was de-
against living targets. I was not yet born. I can only
@ poor attempt at summation.

An entire city — blasted with fire and radiation. Men,
men and children, beasts and birds — slain both quickly
‘slowly. The hopes of an entire people died that day, and
loud of fear descended over the entire world. To many —
orgive me if I speak falsely, Sesha, for 1 know some among
might even have been there — it was almost a sign that
Final War was over, and that the Corrupter had won.
Thespirit lands bordering the Middle Kingdom have not
been the samesince. rupter's greatest lieutenants, th
nighty spirits calleg
power. The Dragon King of U
Pacific, bellowed in agony as the once-
SENippon was twisted
with pain and rage, af
‘nore harshly in the y
satrons with offerings of blood and v

Ifonly it had been the last time.
Viet Naw

The final tenet of the Sacred Laws
ynce more when the United States came to Vi
ifewKhurah came to the battlefield there, but
he Westerners outnumber the hengeyokai. Oni
five thanks for the territorial nature of the Garou; with their
fwn sacred sites under continual attack, only the most
oolish abandoned pack and caern to fight a war in an
inknown land against unknown enemies.

But they weren't needed. The Corrupter had weapons
plenty without their presence. Napalm. Land mines. Agent
Drange. Young men killing and raping, children being slaugh-
ered and raped — so many of us were driven to action. Many
oldiers on both sides vanished in the jungles, never accounted
or —and rightly so.

Ihave been told that the Sesha of the time took particular
aterest in scrutinizing nests for undue ties to the Cormupter.
Vhile no nest was condemned, many Vietnamese Nagah were
squired to undergo several extra Shedding the Past Samskara
> purge the Twisted One's poison from their system. We
vamed more about the Corrupter's tactics after that one war
han we had leamed in the preceding two centuries.

trying to soothe our great

The Panidiment of Bleck Tooth

It can be hard to recognize the effects of history on the
present, Sesha. During our quiescence after the War of Rage,
the Nagah became overly accustomed to being unable to
affect the world beyond our immediate environment. We
were certainly more than capable of defending ourselves;
power and force both serve important roles in the assassin's
repertoire of disciplines, but ultimately they are hollow if
they do not further our long-term goals. Stealth had become
our overriding concern, and, so shackled, we began ignoring
incidents by other Khurah worthy of punishment.

Itwas you, Sesha, who formally rededicated the Nagah to
the judgment, punishmentand execution of those who would
betray Devi. The target roster, ordered according to the
magnitude of the target's transgression, was given toall Nagah
nests as we received our annual audience, and I imagine all of
us expected the first ten names all to belong to Garou.
They did nor; the first name belonged to a Bastet.
Imagine our surprise.
pwas a powerful Simba who had learned
yell beyond what most of his kind would ever
alas, waS partiof his imbalance; power interested
an justice and itjshowed. For decades he had
controlled lust for power to guide his
ed with serving Devi in any of

e d albeit indirectly, with
the Corrupter and,foo! tupon

self to conduct his own
War of Rage upon the Ajaba. The decision was not an easy
one. With the Fin

decision had to be made
more likely that his strength would be lent ro
‘battles or whether his lust for power would lead
the Corrupter. He was supposed to be a king
tuling through nobility and wisdom; instead, he
failing of the Khurah: arrogance, bloodthirst
ity being among the more obvious of these. For these
reasons, Black Tooth was marked for assassination.

Every Nagah nest— including our own, Sesha—consid-
ered "passing through" southern Africa to carry out the will of
Devi. All but the eldest and most powerful nests ultimately
decided to set their sights lower on the list of Devi's enemies.
We are taught from a young age that knowledge of one's own
limitations ranks among an assassin's most valuable assets, and
Black Tooth was one of the most powerful of the Cat People.

Ultimately, two nests of revered Nagah — Shiva's Eye
from India and Flowing Edge from Brazil — coordinated their
efforts against the rogue Simba. They met for months in a
small village in Brazil, a few kilometers up the Amazon from
Manaus, to minimize the possibility of Black Tooth's spirit
allies overhearing anything. The old cat was exceedingly
perceptive, so until proximity to the kill site became neces-
sary, they opted to remain far from the Simba's territory. They
spent their days determining where the assassination could

Chapter One: The Great Epic 35

best be carried outand how to lure Black Tooth to the kill site.
They contrived plots to deal with the Endless Storm, the gang
of Simba thugs he called his pride. They debated how best to
counteract the influence of Black Tooth'sspiritallies, what to
do about his control of the weather and how to neutralize the
mighty powers given to him. | understand they had no fewer
than five contingency plans prepared by the time they left
Brazil — the Simba king was just that terrifying.

Once the strategic planning was done, the two nests
held practice drills with each individual Nagah playing the
part of Black Tooth at least once and voicing, at each step
of the way, what he or she would do in Black Tooth's
position. Once they knew their roles in Black Tooth's
assassination, the nests went to Congo to begin their works

But — and Sesha, this was such a surprising thing —
when they arrived, Black Tooth was already dead) The:
slayer of the Hyena King, the master of the Endless Storm—
he had fallen to the vengeful teeth of the Khurah he had
wronged. I have asked many nests, including Shiva'sEye, if
they know the details of Black Tooth's fall, buenone can
answer me. All that is known is that the Ahadi, a new
alliance of African Khurah, seems to have been opposed to
Black Tooth in the final days of his reign. He is now dead,
and the Ahadi is still alive.

Did they usurp our role, Sesha? Ofcourse not. Our job
is to punish those who would otherwise escape justice; if
justice is able to find a wrongdoer without our help, all thes

better. And yet, | still wonder = the Yamilka has béen"
persistently close-mouthed abour the Ahadi and itsmerits"

or failings. | believe — and I may be wholly in the wrong,
Sesh:
of our own, though they never knew it. But | have no proof
whatsoever; merely a hope that some of ours) might | have
contributed to this great deed.

That, Sesha, is the direction the Nagah-parstie, as
always. Those who have turned their backs on Devi; those
who have betrayed Her, who shirk their duties to Her, will
now be dealt with in the ways that the Nagah know best.

However, while our duties among the Khurah are our
primary focus, they are not the totality of our existence. Judging
the Khurah is our primary role in the world, but we must also
act in Devi's best interest in other ways, acting as judges,
punishersand executioners of those who side against any of our
three mothers. And of course the recent developments so near
to the heart of our territory have caught our interest.

The Rte and Filf
of the Rakthata tag

The general details of the event were impossible to
miss. However, we possess specific knowledge of those
unnatural days due to the power of the Wani. When the
elements themselves were loosed, the Dragon Kings had no
choice but to take notice.

1a — that perhaps the Ahadi had the assistanée ofa few

Teashed a series

In July of 1999, five months after Black Tooth's death
Bangladesh became the site ofa series of unnatural occurrence:
of most extreme magnitude. An ancient rakshasa king, ar
unspeakably powerful demon of illusion, shredded the fetterso
somnolence that bound him and awakened. Some called him
Ravana himself — as if Rama had failed in his endeavor! The
name | have heard is Ravnasa— and I do not recognize it.

Whatever his name, this monster was of a power so great
that he would have challenged Vasana himself. His rampage
was short, however; very soon after his awakening, in accor:
dance with the principles of Destiny, three enlightened
demon warriors arrived from China to engage him in combat.

Ir was, in no uncertain terms, cataclysmic, the sort o!
thing one expects rather more of in these climactic days ol
the Kali Yuga. It was also inappropriately interfered with
and-almest made much, much worse by an outside agency,
nitial violence and madness of the incident were

e most powerful meaning of that term. Our
1s have seen confrontations of that magni:
t few others have been so... blessed. The
¢ Eastsummoned enormous dragon storms
F use as screens and weapons against the
resultant typhoon sank ships, flooded shore-
villages and toppled whole tracts of jungle.
red a once-in-a-millennium storm.
that was the least of the peculiarities associated
it conflict.

The Walls between worlds were dissolved and the
bright and dark Umbras were called into our world. Spirits,
demons, ghosts, dreams and odder things flooded into this
Realm. A number of other Khurah, particularly Garou,
arrived in the region to protect Devi's interests, in whatever
way they thought they mightbe able todo that. It is believed
that most of them died without achieving their goals.

Andas the Dragon Kings relate, "Above the thickly-
packed typhoon clouds, four suns blossomed and shone
at night."

Itwas then that the cataclysm went oddly awry. Some-
one or something, a ae party of unknown origin, un-

is explosions that devastated vast
i bra in the region. It was almost
comparable to Hiroshima and Nagasaki all over again. The
three Chinese demons were slain by the barrage of spirit
energy; the rakshasa king survived a while longer. But once
the dragon storms dissipated, allowing the four suns toshine
down on him, none of his illusions could save him. Even the
mightiest rakshasa falls beneath the direct glare of Surya,
and when that glare is fourfold, there is no hope, even for the
most ancient rakshasa king.

Once the battle concluded, nothing remained but the
aftermath and consequences. The dead — from the battle,
from the storm, from the melding of the worlds and from the
explosions — numbered in the thousands of thousands. Had

36 Nagah

party's tactics failed — after it had killed the
champions — the devastation would have
, much worse — a possibility to which we take

party's actions are profound violations of the
‘Dragon wizards of our acquaintance, seers, tell
‘the Chinese warriors would have fallen in battle
bur the last, the Dancing Dragon, would have
im. This expected destiny never manifested as it
because of unexpected interference. Notonly did
erskill the rightful champions of the conflict with
‘but they killed many Khurah —and Nagah —
of humans as well. Only through the blessings
were their explosions and four suns en
> rakshasa; otherwise the chosen champions
dead and the rakshasa would have
atime, to ravage as he chose.

Ivisthe Kaliya's task to punish the gravest violations of the
natural order—of which there were several during this handful
of days. It is the Wani's place to govern the storms of the world,
and their duties have been severely interfered with in this
event. And thus the Dragon Kings — through you, Sesha —
have granted us carte blanche in locating, identifying and
punishing the agency responsible for interfering with the
proper outcome of this conflict. Regrettably, the investigations
are proceeding quite slowly. We have heard thatthe explosions
were the work of the Corrupter's agents, turning on themselves
inablind parody of the Destroyer'srole. Wehave heard thar the
Trapper sent this devastation, blindly lashing out at the great
disturbance caused by the rakshasa king. There is really no
evidence to guide us one way or another.

But as we have been since the beginning of time, we
o succeed. We mustkeep the laws, for if not us,

Sesha, ends my account of our history.

Chapter One: The Great Epic 3


Although all people hanker after a magistrate's office,

Few realize all that is involved in solving criminal cases:
Tempering severity by lenience, as laid down by our law makers,
And avoiding the extremes advocated by crafty philosophers.

One upright magistrate means the happiness of a thousand families,
The one word "justice" means the peace of the entire population.
— Dee Goong An (Celebrated Cases of Judge Dee), translated

by Robert Van Gulik

Her narrative finished, Sajita stepped back to stand
alongside her nestmates. The Sesha offered no further
words to her; instead they shifted slightly in their high seats,
offering only small gestures and glances to one another.
Finally, another of the cobras, her snaky brow set with a
tiny gem, lifted her head higher from her hanging basket and
stared directly at Dragon Boat. Her spirit-voice resounded
in the nest's minds.

"Announce yourself."

He bowed deeply. "I am Dragon Boat, born ahi, born
Kamakshi, I have had the honor of serving the Sacred Laws
forten years, all of which I have spentawith my nest, Night's
Passage. The Sesha has judged my deeds in the past, and I
shall not tire you, my Sesha, by repeating them in the vain
hope of currying favor."

The cobra's posture did not change, and not even
another Nagah could read the emotions of a snake's face.

"You have taken the responsibility of keeping the law for
your nest.

"LT have."

"You are acquainted with our customs and laws; you
know where we gather and why we hold to the task of
judgement."

"I am; Ido."

Again, the silken rustling. "Tell us.

JSiedding the io

In the womb, we are Nagah. In the egg, we are
Nagah. We are made Nagah at the moment that we are
made at all, and none may undo that crafting.

But it is not given to us to know all that we are from
the moment of our hatching. We must be taught what
weare, why we are here, how tocomplete our lives. For
the ahi such as myself, this instruction begins early,

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils 39

while we pass our childhood in the Serpent Waters.
But my brothers and sisters of other births must grow
in ignorance before they mature and learn themselves.
This is the Final Turning of the Age, my Sesha; the
world will soon be remade, and only the efforts of the
Khurah will determine whether it is remade into a
world that can heal itself or if it will become as cinders.
There is no more dangerous age to live in. Andso each
one of the Changing Breeds, Nagah and Khurah alike,
must do what they can to keep their enemies from
finding them. We, like other beast-people, raise our
balaram and vasuki children in ignorance of what they
are, in the hopes that silence will keep them safer.
When we are children — or hatchlings — we are
troubled. A balaram child finds it difficult to relate to
the human children around her, and watches herself
grow cool and aloof without ever really knowing why.
She does not understand the growing tension within
her breast, and cannot truly know why her neighbors
treat her with something akin to dread. A vasuki
hatchling has impulses that confuse it as well, al-
though it is unable to define them until the time it
matures and becomes Nagah. Fortunately, a vasuki
grows to maturity swiftly, for it would be a true struggle
to endure for years with the conflicting impulses within
his bones. We ahi are no different; we are confused if
our parents visit us in forms that are unlike our own, we
do not understand why we cannot leave
the tiny realms that serve as our nurs-
ery, and our lessons are troubling
to accept — until we Change
at last.

As children we are distanced from our own kind,
human, serpent and Nagah, because we still wear the
First Skin. My Sesha, the First Skin is a thing of spirit,
unseen by us and invisible even from the spirit world.
It is with us when we are conceived. It cuts off our
perceptions to some extent, as an aging skin clouds
serpentine eyes. It keeps our Rage from rising to the
surface prematurely, but it also seals us away to some
extent from those around us. But the greatest gift the
First Skin offers is that it protects us from detection. A
Nagah who has not yet shed his First Skin is indistin-
guishable, even through divination, from a mortal
human or cobra. And so we are able to hide.

I have learned that the Changes that come upon
Khurah are hot things of blood and pain. For us, the
first time we change is a struggle, perhaps most akin to
a vasuki's struggle to push his way free from the
eggshell. A choking closeness— that is what I remem-
ber. I remember feeling the First Skin for the first time,
and struggling against it for freedom. So it is with all of
us. We peel away the First Skin, and are reborn. The
First Skin dissolves into spirit mists we shed it and rise
into our new form. Sometimes our own power over-
comes us, and we reflexively kill whoever is unfortu-
nate enough to be at hand — but not always.

Ic'sa frightening time, yes. My own change terrified
me; the worst of it was when I mistakenly took on the
Vasuki and realized I could no longer hear anything

around me. But with the fear and pain comes such a
blessing, a newness — I don't think I have

the words for it. Icansay, "When
Ished my FirstSkin"

to another


‘they will know immediately what I mean,
vand summarize it in human words...
know, my Sesha, when asnake—one of us,
— sheds his skin, it takes time for him to
the way in which his senses have changed. As
. old, the plates over the eyes become
dand difficult to see through. When the skin is
shed, the eyes are sensitive and not as well-
ted — but they are able to see so much more!
iswhat itis like to become truly Nagah—one
vulnerable during those first feverish mo-
t he is also granted the gifts of health and
senses in such potency that he may well compare
prior life to being ill and half-blind. The balaram
that they are finally capable of tasting the
din the manner it was meant to be tasted — not
dull human noses and tongues, but with the
ofasnake. The vasuki are given an even greater
— they discover that they can finally listen to the
ld, hearing its songs and screams and sighs in ways
at a serpent could never imagine. And the ahi, who
were already blessed with a portion of the senses of
leach, are finally able to leave the Serpent Waters, to
walk in the cities or slither in the fields as others do —
\they are given the rest of the world.
Brent

The greatest refrain sung throughout the universe
isa harmony of three voices. Many human societies,
when they think of balance, picture a balance between
two things — yin and yang, light and dark, and so on.
Their scales have two weighing pans, they have two
hands — they choose two as a number for balance,
because it represents symmetry.

We, however, are taught that balance is a matter
of threes. Three Mothers — Earth, Moon and River.
Three worlds — human, beast and spirit. Three great
‘orces at war; three layers to the spirit world. And there
ire three ways to be born Nagah.

For our race to be balanced — and thus healthy —
he breeds must be in balance. This is a hard thing to
rovern; there is no guarantee that any coupling will
produce a Nagah, even between two Nagah parents.
ut we must try.

Sularate

Those of us born to human parents, the balaram,
re children of the fortunes of the world. Where life is
ood for our Kin, a balaram might enjoy a childhood
hat is almost happy. Where life is bad for our Kin, the
truggle to shed one's First Skin can be crushing.

Once we bred exclusively with nobility; all our
alaram were the children of princesses and rajahs. But

those days are no more. It became obvious many
centuries ago that noble blood among humans was not
enough; would that the kings of the Garou had learned
that lesson! We now choose our human mates with an
eye for the traits they may offer our offspring; so it is
that there are Nagah born of almost every human race
on the planet. Still, our strongest Kin bloodlines lie in
India and the Middle Kingdom. It is a difficult choice
between furthering a bloodline — which offers a
greater chance ofa child breeding true—and choosing
a parent who may add many strong traits to the line,
but has less chance of producing a Nagah heir.

A balaram's childhood is not a simple thing, my
Sesha; so it is with all of us given Devi's blessings. Other
children, otherparentsand teachers unconsciously sense
the serpent within, and they fear it. The First Skin
prevents any from sensing anything more — but we
cannot walk among humans for long without disturbing
them. The fear of snakes is too deeply buried within.

And we are not good parents, | fear. We have no
time to devote to the proper raising and care of a child;
the nest and our duties call. For secrecy's sake, we do
not tell our children what they are; they are raised
unknowing, perhaps by foster parents or perhaps by a
Nagah's abandoned mate. It is not an easy childhood
— but no part of our lives is easy, and the balaram are
in this way prepared for what they are to be.

Abs

How much can I say of the ahi?! am ahi —1 could
recount the tale of my entire life to you, my Sesha, and
it would be the tale of each of my breed, more or less.

Weare the center of the race. It is our task to reach
out the left hand to our balaram brothers and the right
hand to our vasuki sisters, and to draw them together
and join their hands in ours.

Like others of my breed, my Sesha, I was born of
two Nagah of the same nest. Perhaps there have been
ahi whose parents were of different nests, or even
sannyasin, but I find that hard to understand; even
those of our race who are not of our nest are, to some
extent, outsiders that will never understand us. My
mother knew the moment she was pregnant by my
father; this is a great gift given us by Devi, that we may
prepare for our ahi children. Within minutes, she
knew that I was ahi. If the mating had not been "true,"
then she would have performed the Rite of Bearing
within aday, tochoose whether to bringahuman child
or a clutch of cobra hatchlings into this world. But 1
was ahi, and so she knew that she would have to bring
me into the world as a single egg, laid by a mother
wearing the Azhi Dahaka.

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils 41

In fables such as the Ramayana, it is said that the
children of the gods are born within a day. It is not so easy
for the mother of an ahi, but the pregnancy is easier than
bearing a human child. My mother carried me for six
months, during which time she was still able to take on
the Balaram, Silkaram, Azhi Dahaka and Kali Dahaka.
Attheendofthistime, she laidasingle egg in her Ananta,
and nursed it until I hatched three months later.

I was raised in a "jeweled pool," a spirit cavern of
Serpent Waters. Each year, on my birthday, my mother
came and carried me across the Gauntlet into,
physical world for a day, that my flesh would pr
and not fade into spirit. | shed my First Skin whei
eight years of age; | joined my nest aftery
apprenticeship and final lessons. And no im.

My childhood was peaceful, though it was
"happy." Yet I do not regret the expetien zs
regret at being born ahi is that my ihingl d
life in the Serpent Waters have ill4prepate
outside world's toxins; I blister and burr

of toxic chemicals and pollutants, asdo all my kind.
And that, Sesha, can be said to bé more the world's
fault than my parents'. wa

litt f.

Those of us born of se:
ways, the most difficult as) at, to olife amo
Nagah. All the skills that allow one to functi
tively in the human world are doubly hard to!
one who is still becoming accustomed to]
or hearing speech. Itcan take some time fe
learn to tiea knot or wield a knife, mu:
or operate a computer. The vasuki ari
the most spiritually potent of us all,
takes to educate a serpent-born in full
investment. Although it is rare for us to.
peacefully, the Crowns encourage thosé
too slow to perform their duties effectiv
the position of teacher, devoting their ti
ing vasuki the ways of the human world. Re
this is not an ideal solution — how can we ask
born before the Second World War to adequat
explain everything a vasuki should know about com-
puters? — but it is something.

Just as our balaram have gone from a few select
families to a mix of bloodlines from around the world,
the vasuki of the modern age are a remarkable picture
of diversity. First and foremost, we are the children of
Cobra— we all bear hoods as the mark of our greatest
serpent forebear. But over the centuries, we have
learned that we are capable of breeding successfully
with almost any species of venomous snake. The
Nagah serving under each Crown have developed

their own personal preferences; the Zuzeka's charges
are particularly fond of rattlesnakes, for instance, while
those under the Nemontana prefer adders. To be
certain, the majority of vasuki — and of all other
breeds — still wear the cobra's form, but there is no
longer a stigma of shame for being born of other blood.
I know vasuki largely from afar; my nestmates are
both balaram, after all. It has been my experience that
they are still more snake than human; they are not very
sociable outside their own nests. This imbalance, how-
ever, isa necessary one; it counters the necessary more-
human-than-serpent imbalance of the balaram, and
t-than-either imbalance of ahi such as
whole as a race, we need one another.

stances surrounding our birth are very
ha, Not only does our breed influ-
d learning we bring to our lives as
influences our predisposition to the
A balaram will know more of how to
fey upon man's ways while an ahi finds
connection to storms and elemental
does the time of our birth influence the

xen my First Skin was peeled from me, | feltmany
, as I have said. But woven among the tangled
loth of my thoughts was a refrain of wakefulness, a
feeling of restoration and renewal. It was later thar |
learned that because I had been born in the spring, and
because I had shed my First Skin in the spring, that I was
now attuned to the spring and its spiritual resonance.

That is the way of most of the shifting races; we are
given to certain feelings, certain impulses depending
on the auspices of our birth. The Wolves are ruled by
the moon's phase; the Mokolé, by the face of the sun.
The Bastet draw upon the hour of their birth, and we
are influenced by the seasons. And not the seasons of
the tropics, as one might assuime. No, we are bound by

e four seasons recognized East and West alike, by
ery heatand icy cold. These
ring hold on most of the Umbra,
. Of course, we do not let our auspices
affect our duties —some Khurah may consider auspice
a mandate for a specific role, but we are Nagah, and
have but one role among us.

I understand that most Nagah shed their First Skin
in the season of their birth — itis seen as unlucky should
it happen otherwise. I have heard tales of Nagah born in
the winter that changed for the first time in the summer,
and how the conflict in their spirits maddened them. ]
sincerely hope they are but rumors.

42 Nagah

a, | am Kamakshi. I find it difficult to
deeply the season of my birth has affected
sand my talents, but I will try.
«Kamakshi are the Nagah born in spring. This
»when hibernation ends for those serpents in
es, when young are born. The Kamakshi
tthe warming of the world; we take pleasure in
‘the ill, or in the presence of children. We

nding too much of our time sleeping, prefer.
remain active. The element of our ausp;
and our virtue is generosity.

think, however, that | mean to yd
ed

is not mercy, particularly where a
concerned. ‘4

After spring comes summer, the time of war, the
of the Kartikeya. We'are a passionate and
strative people, I fear —at least, not when
d to our human siblings and cousins — but
born in the rising heat ofthe summer are perhaps
st to the human feelings of passion and remy
ne Rage of a Kartikeya burns hotter than that
her Nagah, and when thé killing fever is uy
are more terrible than any of us. Fi
ikeya's element, and their virtue is vi
Some have said that the Kartikeya ¢a
ins, as their fervor injures their's
‘not so. A Kartikeya's zeal leads them t
|of mourning, but of inspiration, Thou
{far from being as demonstrative as hum:
ithe Kartikeya say what the rest of us might
‘They are warm as the sun on rocks, as
fire. | am glad to have them among us.
Kama

With autumn, the blood cools. This is thes
of the Kamsa, those of us born to an aspect driv
further by logic and introspection. The autumn min
isacool mind, one that coils about the thoughts of
others and applies pressure to guide the others' actions
this way and that. None knows the mind of a target, or
of the Corrupter itself, like a Kamsa. The Kamsa's
element is air, and their virtue is insight.

My nestmate Indra's Dart is Kamsa, born late in
the autumn and almost into the winter. Though this is
not the time to praise or criticize him, I can say I have
learned much of the Kamsa from his presence. None
could accuse a Kamsa of suffering overmuch from the

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils

offended by failure, she insists on carefully studying

___ whatever mistakes she may make, however insignifi-

the

cant, that she may learn not to repeat them.

"failing" of compassion; such thoughts don't occur
easily to the autumn-born. Perhaps this impairs the
Kamsa; my nestmate certainly has more difficulty
dealing with humans than even an ahi such as myself
does. But it was he who discerned the patterns in the
old Nuwisha's thinking, and he who set the trail of false
snares that tricked the coyote into our true trap. It
would have been very difficult to catch a Khurah as
slippery as this one without a Kamsa in our nest; I feel
sorry for those nests that are not as fortunate.

Xt

lly the cycle comes to winter, the season of the
the Kamsa are cool, the Kali are cold, but
purpose. In their own way, the Kali are
ermined as the Kartikeya — they are

re for excellence, and are perhaps more

ies than any other auspice may be.
rive, for winter is not a good season
it takes great perseverance to excel in
A Kali wears a sharpness like that
her heart, and her fury is that of a
rd. Their element is water, and their

timate Sajita Jadavi is Kali, born in midwin-
the marks of her auspice clearly upon her. She
set a task down unfinished, and though she is

There are few vasuki that hatch in the winter, and
so they are underrepresented among the Kali. This is
not an issue of balance, if] may beso bold as to assume
as much. It is simply the way things are; it would be
ridiculous to ask snakes to hatch in the season least
suited to support them.

Organtiation

Such are the traits we are born with, my Sesha.
They, influence our very#being, our personality and
5 f the spirit. | realize that they
hole, but 1 cannot adequately
e come together without first describing
duals.

And we are individuals —not completely solitary,
true, but far more scattered than the tribal societies of
the Garou and similar Khurah. Our hierarchy is simple
and limited; there are no more than twenty-seven
Nagah in all the world whose role is simply to govern.
Each nest must be self-sufficient, capable of operating
without constant governance, but ultimately tied to
the elders and the Wani to ensure that the laws are
upheld over all.

what we are as indi

43

The Wars

Above us all are the Wani, the Dragon Kings, the
Great Storms. They are not Nagah — but we are their
creatures. We are not truly their children, of course;
our Mothers are Earth, Moon and River, not monsoon
and ocean. But the Dragon Kings serve as our spirit
patrons; they guide and command us as a werewolf's
tribal totem might. Their home is Xi Wang Chi, a
realm of clouds and wind, rain and thunder, a place
where no shapeshifter is strong enough to endure more
than a brief visit.

Ifnotforthe Wani, we would stand revealed toall the
other Changing Breeds — for we would have to strike
pacts with the other spirits, and their alliances with the
Khurah would endanger our secrecy. I have at times
lament edthelack frelations between ourpeopleand
world — save the ele

but they do not intercede to judge our lawbreakers or
make decrees unless the cir :
business of our race is left to
Crowns and to the nests them:
Ihave never counted the
that there are as few as three, ora
and eight. Who can say for certain?
selves to us in the forms they find co:
audience may be granted by one Dragor
many as nine. Their names are innumeral
the scholars among us can keep track of them all. They
are ultimately unknowable — but it is not our task, or
our place, to name them.

The Satha

Youare the Sesha. Youare the voice of the Wani, the
many-headed serpent that governs our behavior. By
tradition you are three in number; three balaram, three
ahiand three vasuki. By law youare the heads of the race.

Your duties may well extend beyond my knowl-
edge, but most are publicly known. You guard, admin-
ister and oversee Nandana, the greatest Ananta of all;
by your law, it is kept as a place of respite for those of
our kind who have earned the right toa few moons of
rest. You keep the laws of the race, and decree punish-
ment for those of us who betray their duties as Nagah.
You oversee our progress like aunts and uncles, decid-

44

ing when we have earned an increase in station and
increased privileges. You oversee the gateway to Xi
Wang Chi, and ensure that none speak with the Wani
who have not earned the honor.

Each spirit servant of the Wani is your servant a:
well, and they act as your messengers. The gates tc
Nandana do not open unless you decree it, and when
you do so, Nandana's doorways may open into any
Ananta in the world. You remain here, keeping thi:
realm safe; should one of your number require the
freedom to attend to outside affairs, he must first fing
a successor. I may only presume that you touch you:
feet to earthly soil from time to time, in order tc
maintain your fleshly bodies — but itis a presumption,
and I beg pardon for mentioning it.

d below all other Sesha that

e Crown's jurisdiction tothato
ette to inform each Crown 6f tht
tte, but common sense — for:

out Asia. The Yamilka oversee the Middl
East. The Sayidi watch over Africa, andthe Nemontan:
coordinate the activities of Nagah in Europe. Thi
Zuzeka reside in the Americas. The Jurlungur overse:
Australia and the Southern Pacific. It is difficult work
serving on a Crown —so much area togovern, andstil
with the limitations of any mortal Nagah. I feel aguilr
relief that I am unsuited to do so, for 1 am not certait
that I would be worthy of the challenge.

Nas

Below the Crown and the Sesha lies the nest — th:
foundation of our very society. The fall of Vinata taugh
us that, though we may not be pack animals like th:
Garou, we cannot afford to travel alone. It is as hard fo
one to know one's own internal balance as it is to know
to truly know the color of one's eyes. How often do wi
look into our own eyes? How often do we look there, t

Nagahk

see what others see every day? Though it is a sacred
charge to maintain our own balance, we can fail.

Thus we form nests, at once less and more than the
"packs" of certain Khurah. We are not bound together
by pack instinct or torem spirits. We come together by
necessity, and our isolation from others brings a nest
closer together still.

My Sesha, the bonds among nestmates are almost
akin to those of a husband and wife. We are each
other's closest friends, companions, helpmates and,
more often than not, lovers. No marriage to Kinfolk
can last as long or inspire such loyalty —at least, in my
experience. | have heard of Nagah who have re-
nounced their nests to remain with the humans they
love — but | fear for them. I see my nestmates as
extensions of maysclf, and I know they view me in the

emotion are simply n

bondsrun dee

serve the role we do for years upon years,

the bonds of a nest once more.

Nests enjoy greatautonomy in the fel
our own havens with us in the form of th
are not tied to any given locale. We are free to pursue
targets wherever they may flee. Most nests settle in a
specific locale, be it city or province, for a time, observ-
ing the local Khurah and following the Crown's direc-
tions. A nest may undertake many assignments before
being called by the Crown or Sesha to relate their latest
deeds, or crossing paths with another nest. As I said
before, we are few in number, and cannot spend too
much time fretting over formalities.

We cannot rely on coincidence or regular social
gatherings to exchange information. When a nest has
something vital to report to another nest, or to the
Crown or Sesha, it tends to rely on encrypted messages
carried by spirit messengers; mundane means are unre-
liable and not as secure as we require. In this way do we
exchange information, but only when necessary to do
so; optimally, a nest should be able to perform its
missions in utmost silence.

Sacred ‘SéerétMishave even heard it said that some

Kin Relatlobt

with none but his fellow asSassins to hold him close? ©

JSarnyetle

Despite our very realneed for the companionship —
and watchful eyes — of a nest, there are still Nagah wha
live alone. They do not operate alone, my Sesha; to hunt
and punish without companions is forbidden by our laws.
No, the Nagah who has chosen a life of solitude — the
sannyasin — no longer serves as a judge and assassin. He
becomes a hermit, an ascetic, never to kill again.

To become sannyasin is to die, to perform one's
own funeral rite. Most who undergo Sannyasa have
lived beyond the prime of their years, and feeling the
touch of time upon them, choose to leave our world.
Those who are crippled in battle may also choose to
become sannyasin, fearing that their impaired facul-
ties will endanger their nestmates — or worse, the

asin were the sole survivors of their nests, and

feel as though
gah to ever be c

- beasts. But the Nai

and relatives is more difficult.

Inall things, our relationships must be proper; it is
unseemly and dangerous to develop relations witha
human, mate or no, that endanger one's ability to work
effectively with one's nest. It is a rare Nagah who has
true friends outside his nest and Kin mate, and he whe
maintains such relations is a gambler. Such risks are
highly discouraged by the law, and rightly so. This, ]
imagine, is one of the reasons why we seem so myste-
rious to the hengeyokai who know of us — but it alse
preserves the Sacred Secret, which is vital.

There are... internal reasons why we are poo!
companions to humans, as well. We understand emo.
tions as serpents do not, but we also lack the great
capacity for passion — excepting Rage —that human:
possess. Each one of us, balaram, vasuki or ahi, is little
closer to humans than we are to cobras. When we take
a Kin mate, we are not unaffectionate, though the tie:

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils 45

of blood or children are but a tenuous bridge across a
wide chasm. Some of us are able to cross that bridge,
and love our mates as we love our own nests, perhaps
even more so. These must be the happiest of all our
kind. | envy them.

When there is no love, however, we muststill strive
to treatour Kin with honor. Without them, there will be
no more generations of balaram raised well. Many of us
allow our mates to take other lovers, or even to marry
publicly with us as their secret partners. In these cases,
however, it becomes vitally important that each child
born has the strongest blood possible. A Naginah may
allow her Kin husband to impregnate his human (and
preferably Kin) wife or lover without fear. But a Kin
woman must strive to conceive her Nagah mate's child
and not that of her human lover. It is much to ask of her,
but we have no recourse.

There is also the question of faith.

Wort Religion

It is no exaggeration to say that humanity has lost
its collective way. Once they had the spirit world itself
brushing against their fingertips; once they caressed
the living world within the world and called it friend.
No longer. Now a pit yawns within the mortal breast,
a cavern that compels the human to devour all he can
in the vain hope that he might satisfy his hunger. He
eats more food than he needs to survive; he takes more
lovers than he requires to attain solace. He sires more
children than is necessary for the continuance of his
race, and he gathers more goods than he needs to live
comfortably. The human perceives that he has need,
but he deceives himself into believing that his need
coincides with his want, that the things he desires are
the things that will make him whole.

Humans are clever, however. They are perhaps not
as divine as they should like, butthey are not completely
blind. Many perceive that they hunger fora connection
to the living world, or to the unseen. They go in search
of that connection. Some wise few find it.

The humans understand the word "Gaia" — or at
least, some of them do. Most understand the concept of
the Earth Mother, even if so many discard the idea as a
"primitive belief" unsuitable for their modern conceits.
But in India, where our human Kin are most numerous,
the strongest local faith has found a face of the Earth
Mother. They call Her "Devi," and so too do we name
the face of Gaia that is knowable as Devi. They under-
stand the triune forces of Creator, Preserver and De-
stroyer, and they do not reject them as superstition.

It is arrogance to claim that we guided human
religion in the years since the Severing. It was not our
task; it was the task of the Apis to nurture humanity's

connection with the spiritual world, and only they
were properly suited to do so. Not being a historian, I
cannot say whether the humans learned the name
"Devi" from us, or whether we learned it from them —
I would presume the former, but as I say, such a claim
borders on arrogance.

Whatever the origin of these similarities, in some
ways, they make the transition for our Indian balaram
much easier. The beliefs they grew up with need not be
discarded wholly — merely adapted to recognize the
facets they did not previously see. The most difficult
transition, however, is recognizing the flawed faces of
the Destroyer and Preserver — the Wyrm of Corrup-
tion and Weaver of Suffocation, if you will. A young
balaram's faith may be sorely tested in his first year; but
I would be surprised if the same were not true of any

human-born Khurah from any land.

Negah Spetpydlity

What, then, of our faith as a whole? We share all
the Changing Breeds' faith in Gaia; we believe we were
crafted to serve Her will. We recognize the Triat of
Creator, Preserver and Destroyer, and the unfortunate
aspects each one has taken on in these dire days. We
respect the mighty Incarnae and Celestines, though
we are part of no pact with any save the Wani.

lam nota philosopher, my Sesha; my strength lies
in the law, not in the shifting of celestial beings. | am
ashamed at this failing, but I am certain that the things
I know are shared by almost all our kind.

Three is a sacred number to all shapeshifters, but
to us most of all; we owe our existence to Gaia, who
birthed us, to Luna, who kissed us with spiritual power,
and to Apsa, who gave usa home. Though their broods
do not act as our servants, the Three Mothers are the
most sacred beings in our faith; I would gladly die for
them, as would my nestmates.

We are not alone in venerating Gaia and Luna;
Gaia is sacred to almost all our Khurah cousins, and
most of them are Luna's children as well. But Apsa —
Apsa is our mother. No other Changing Breed, not
even the Rokea, venerate Apsa in their prayers; none
share our ties to the running water that is her domain.
Gurahl fish from her rivers, Rokea may venture along
their length, Mokolé may even hunt and sleep in
Apsa's bosom — but only we make our homes at the
bottom of her riverbeds. There are old stories of hu-
mans who could take the forms of freshwater fish,
exterminated in the War of Rage — but they are
cloudy rumors, which cannot even guess at what
purpose such folk would serve the Mothers. No, |
believe that we are Apsa's most precious children; she

46 Nagah

serves the whole world with her blessings, but we are
the only ones granted her dearest gifts.

Why us, the Serpent People? Why not fish or
otters or other river-dwellers? I cannot say. Perhaps
it is because we are the only ones with sharp enough
teeth to serve her purpose; perhaps it is because our
vasuki forms emulate her rivers. A snake may not be
able to breathe water, but since the beginning of
time human legend has painted serpents as crea-
tures of water, attributed us with the power to call
down rain, regulate the tides and alter the flow of
rivers. Even before the Age of Kings, this was so.

Human legend is, once in a great while, ex-
tremely accurate.

From the river and fresh water we gain solace as
does no other shapeshifter. It is our hidden strength,
as well as our hiding place. I can imagine no more
sacred place to be than lying on a riverbank under
the full moon, water above me and earth beneath
me. Those who violate Apsa by violating her rivers
— in the name of their own enrichment — my
Sesha, I think every Nagah believes in my
N heart that such people must die, even if it is
not our task to ensure their deaths.

\ The Solace of Art

I think | cannot speak of our spiri-
tuality without mentioning our tradi-
} tion of pursuing the arts. As I say, | am

no philosopher — but I understand the
‘) ve. lure of creation.

In many ways, we are compelled to
create works of art and beauty. It serves the
balance we hold dear to do so. Afterall, we

are destroyers; and by filling that role, we
also preserve the world and its inhabit-
ants. The only thing lacking from our
.. duty is the process of creation
—and so, in our free time, we
create. It suits our balance
to do so.
Balance....

Your pardon, my
Sesha. Balance is only
partofthe reason. We
play music, we sing,

we paint, we write
poems, we practice
calligraphy and
sculpture and weav-
ing because we can-
not remain silent for-
ever. Our serpent blood

47

does not desire to call out to others — but our human blood
does. The Mothers did not remove our emotions from us
entirely, and the Sacred Secret can be stifling in its silence.
So we practice the arts because we must somehow express
the desires in our hearts. We sing because we cannot speak.

The Sacred Lavut

"You say you keep the laws for your nest." The speaker
wore human form, and she was very young — perhaps in her
twenties. Certainly she seemed far too young to have a place on
the Sesha. She had not spoken until now. "How do you recount
them?"

Dragon Boat almost smiled. Of all the things the Sesha
might have asked him, this was the only question he'd been
certain would come.

My Sesha, it is my duty as Nagah to understand the
laws that bind all shapeshifters. My teachers taught me the
laws of each one in turn, and I was a dutiful student. I can
tell you the Garou Litany; I can recount the Duties given
the Dragon Breed. I can say with certainty that the Coyotes
are perhaps given too few laws, and | can criticize the
Spiders for following laws that were perhaps given to them
by the wrong sources.

And I know our own laws. We have many of them; we
would be poor judges without laws to govern our sense of
justice and fairness. The Wani give us laws for speaking to
them and availing ourselves of their Gifts, the Sesha gives
us laws for conducting ourselves, each of the Crowns lays
edicts upon the nests under its guidance in order to increase
their efficacy. But the Sacred Laws are those that bind us
all, that we may not ignore. The original versions of these
laws were given to us in the beginning of all things, and as
the world has changed, we have made quite certain that our
code has kept pace. Yet | believe in the truth of these laws,
that each change made to their form is a change that was
destined to happen at the right time. Like the dharma ofall
things, they are true to our hearts.

Preserve the Sacred Secret at A Cathe

In the West, it is folly to let the Wolves, the Cats, the
Rats or even the Ravens learn that we still live. Death
would come upon us in a torrent — for the Khurah would
reason that we still live because we have made a pact with
the Destroyer, or that we have remained silent because we
mean them ill.

The penalty to violate this law is death, and I do not
challenge the wisdom of such judgement. Far, far too many
people, human and shapeshifter both, are fools — fools
who do not know how to hold their congues, who cannot
be trusted. But norall people are like this. It is my belief, my
Sesha, that we do wrong to silence those who are wise, and
temperate, and able to bear our secret with us.


T lack the wisdom of the Mothers, and I
im that | am able to sift the trustworthy few
silt of the rest with exact accuracy.

Tiree Ntofbors
are born of earth, moon and river. We are
rthe best traits of human, beast and spirit. We
ven tremendous gifts to use in the observance of
We would be ungrateful indeed ifwe didnot
- mothers who gave us these things, This law
‘simply a mandate to say prayers on a regular
— it is a decree demanding that we defend
egrity and honor of the Three Mothers.
e most blatant abuse of this law | have seen is
of the nest who demands justice for Apsa and
to destroy every human building along a
nk thar they can find. This is excessive behav-
1 it would be more productive spending our
‘on those who pose a threat to the remaining
|, sothat the healers might yet have a chance to
the rivers in full once more.

Tate Who Botray Thiele Ditflar
tseems odd to explain this tenet to my Sesha, but
rpreting this duty has led to downfall before. It is
tole to punish those who deliberately betray their
to the Earth Mother and who are unlikely to
justice from their fellows. We must punish those
have broken the laws, not their companions or
ives; we must punish in accordance to the crime; we
stnot let mercy or wrath interfere with proper justice
done. We must be certain of the guilt of our target
"and we must strike before he gains the chance to betray
duties further. They are simple guidelines, my Sesha,
burnotall Nagah obey even these.

i
Newer Hont Afone
; Vinata fell because she did not trust other Nagah. We

cannot afford to repeat her mistake. We must trust one
another precisely because we cannot trust anyone else.
[wish | could say this law is inviolate, but] have heard
many stories of Nagah whose nestmates died in the course
| ofa mission and who decided to persevere and complete
the judgement to honor their loss. This is, in my mind,
forgivable — but he who takes other missions upon
himself without rejoining a nest courts a fall.

Remato Puribfe

The assassin who overestimates his own abilities is
awalking dead man. We must at all times retain a
realistic assessment of our own skills, and given that
the survival of our race is at stake, it is better to err on
the side of prudence.

It is also noteworthy that many of the greatest
disasters to befall the Changing Breeds — and of course

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils

Ispeak of the War of Rage — stem from pride. No other

justification for this law is necessary.

Athor bwbelance

The laws that bind the other Changers bind us'as
well. The Nagah must remain in balance, in body as
well as in spirit. It is not for us to breed irresponsibly,
siring or bearing children from lust rather than neces-
sity. There must always be a balance between the
balaram, ahi and vasuki. Should the numbers of our
breeds grow too far unbalanced, they must be set right.

This is obviously a preventative law, my Sesha, for
it may apply to behavior in any number of situations.
It is regrettably easier to recognize a Nagah who
ignores this law than to acknowledge one who follows
it virtuously.

Sole pana the Convupior
tHe Guortontty te Pe

This is the most recent tenet added to the Sacred
Laws, my Sesha, and it is good advice. We are not the
chosen warriors of the Earth Mother; that job has
fallen toothers. Itisnot our task to purge the Corrupter's
minions from the land, sea and sky. However, the
Khurah are far too few in number to stand any true
chance of victory in the Last War if we do not assist
them. This law charges us to strike against the
Corrupter's minions and schemes, but only if we do not
endanger our own mission in the process. To abandon
the task of judgement in order to remove a spiritual
cancer from the world is a grave temptation — but it
isalso an arrogant choice. Still, | must commend those
who follow this tenet obediently, if not always pru-
dently; it is a better thing than ignoring the corruption
of the world entirely.

Piwhtbracef

The silence carried on for a minute or so before being
broken by another of the Azhi Dahaka. Her speech, like
that of her colleague, had no sound to it, but conveyed the
feeling of distant thunder.

"You have spoken well, Dragon Boat, and you have
proven that you understand who you are and why you do
as you must." The ahi bowed deeply in reply.

"One question remains unanswered." The statement
floated in the air like a silken scarf. Dragon Boat bowed again.

"Yes, my Sesha."

"If we are to understand your dilemma, then you must
explain how it is you interpret our First Duty — and why
your course is not clear."

Dragon Boat's breath hung high, in the tops of his lungs
—and slowly slid out as his face tightened.

"Yes, my Sesha."

49

The N: calc move : among the Beast Cour sgecugd the ahi and yasuki of sida front going to
ofthe Emerald Mother musthalanee thelaws of the "extreme lengths to stop the humans from! ey

own kind 4with ‘the Mandates thar=gove: the'Gangesyany further. —
ghaneshicgee of the east double burden i is not" Let Mercy Guide Vor @hur Altzugt Monk Cour
an easy one to bear,given:the inflexibility ofNagah The Nagah know, full well hat" any acts of {

faw, "but ‘the wereserpents are ws the heyy violence thatiso much as seem unw:
Weight of dutyz 4 7 nd well

|. Shirk Not the Tasks Which Have Been Given You ~ second time. This'mandate further reinforces hci
» TheNagah of the! Beast ‘Courts aoe irst, sorules ofsecrecyand Pyscengss i> Nagas wishesto be

Mandace extremely seriously - heir taskistoenforce sseen asa corrupt judge:

the First Mandate, agate. enforcing the mandate, » Honor Your Ancestors, and vous Elders

|) theyobey it. To obey it it, they must enforce it. Thatis) ~~ Phe Nagah aredutifiil children, and pay respect

the Law. Asaresult, almost every Nagah, among GOS Aotheirdeceated greBears a8 proper relatives should.

Rengeyokai knows the Rite of Quiet Burial... Howeverya Nagah will not oyerlookithe actions of
Guard the WheeljThat It May Turn in Fullness, an eldet'should they be worthy of punishment;

| Eastern Nagah ebey'this mandate with particu: Nagah don't like tostrike against those peur

lapreverence)relating it co" their task of punishing.» them, burthey will pass the newson totheir elders...
the errant. Several Asian nests haye ge their "Honor the Pacts with the Spirit World
exclusive ptitpose to assassinate th f any race Eastern Nagah do indeed honor the
who threaten' to halt the Wheel in'the Sixth Age, the Wani, but since they, have no pac any
ad Presume Noto Instruct our Cousinin His Task * other spirits, they do nor obserye most of; the.com-

Needless to say, the Nagahfindit difficultseven anon rites and/rituals: Most:prefer to. vremain unng-
Bipostt le to reconcile perfect obedience tosthisy) ~ ticed byspirits that are not their allies.

mandaté and'to the First Mandate. Their task'ts to War Not Upon Human nor Beast

J instruct their cousins, albeiti ir cease a There-"* ~~ The Nagah rarely kill'in passion, and rarély iny
foresmost Nagah of the etn this _ yumbers. This mandate stits them well. 9)
mandate tomean "donot maa things — wait) LetNoOne orNothing Violate theSacred Places

to punish the larger offenses." Though the
4 =| y prefer not t tolitakey open aetion'
"Honor Your Territory in Alt ines sp against invaders, the Nagah are as dedicated as anys)
The't tivers of the\Bast‘ate partieulaly sacred to otherhengeyokai todefenditig the sacred sitesof the
the Nagah, whohave foundthemselyes hard-pressed Emerald Mother, Those who laysiege to/ aigourt's.

to contain their righteous, angersin recent times. seaern miust watch their. backs as well as their flanks
) Only the: ye sof copra) nate i> vhave, po andifront Tine.

' ae §
— — ——
The Wolves fight. The Cats ‘stalk The Ravens Ic is our task to punish those who have violated the
watch. The Sharks endure. Soitiswitheachoneofthe —_rulesoftheirown kind, and whose affronts to the Mothers
beast-people who were given greatspirits byGaia. The — would, without our intercession, go unpunished, unno-
magnificent gifts given each of us are not pure largesse __ticed, or even rewarded. And to properly serve our duty,
—they are tools given to craftsmen, weapons issuedto —_ we must observe, judge and deliver punishment.

soldiers. With these comes duty. The first, and perhaps most vital, stage of any task
Our duty, as it has been since the first Nagah _is to observe the target. That is, this is the first stage if
bowed before the Dragon Kings, is to punish. we already know his name and crimes — if not, then

It is, of course, more complicated than that. If we locating the target is the first step. But they are both
were to punish every living being, be they human, _ mostly the same thing. We are bound by duty to watch
werebeast or monster, for violating the laws its people our target closely, to properly establish his routine, his
holds sacred, the rivers ofthis worldwouldrunwithour abilities, his resources, and even his crimes if they are
venom and their blood and people would still sin. Itis left unclear. This takes time, of course. It is a poor
simply the nature of the free-willed —aslongas there | Nagah who is willing to rush to judgement without
is a choice, some will choose dishonor or even evil. performing proper surveillance first. The only force

that could convince me to abandon observation before

50 Nagah

| the proper time would be a direct order from the local
"Crown or from you, my Sesha.

When the target has been properly identified and
‘watched in his affairs, then judgement may proceed. It
‘igproper—even necessary — that nests retain a great
deal of autonomy in delivering judgement. The fate of

| atarget of the Nagah lies entirely within the hands of
| the nest that watches over him; we cannot drown our
"superiors in constant requests for guidance.

Forgive us, Sesha. We believe we have no choice.

When all the information has been properly shared,
then judgement is usually swift. A nest is, as I have said,
often of one heart and mind; we are rarely in disagree-
ment, The verdict is almost always "guilty"; if enough
evidence has been tallied to proceed to the judgement,
then it is usually enough to damn the target. All that
remainsis to decide upon the sentence —which isalmost
always death, my Sesha — and how to carry it out.

Execution is a most careful affair. A nest must plan
the means of isolating the target, the counters for his
strengths, and the method of execution itself. Al-
though we have been granted potent venom for the
pursuit of our duties, it is not always the ideal choice;
certainly not if the body is to be found. If we poison a
target, or crush him in our coils, or rend him with our
claws, then we must destroy the body as well, in order
to preserve the Sacred Secret. The veils of the Wani
extend only so far.

It is in many cases preferable, however, to arrange
amore mundane-seeming "accident." These are much
more difficult to arrange, of course; the Khurah are not
softtargets. But if we can see to it that the body is found
amid the evidence of his crime, seemingly slain in a
way most coincidental and fitting, then the other
Khurah have learned a lesson from their brother's fate.
Foolish Nagah, or perhaps the inexperienced, are the
most likely to poison first and then try to cover their
tracks with the Wani's veils. Burthe accomplished and
renowned among us know better.

eee

Dragon Boat sighed and spread his hands helplessly.
"Which brings us to the Nuwisha we have brought before
you. We caught him spying upon us — but we have had no
time to observe him. His death would preserve the Sacred
Secret — but is it just?

"My nestmates and I are in disagreement. Perhaps
Manyskinsis indeed a liability , one who will pass word of our
existence on to the other skinchangers. If he does so, then he
is arguably not only a threat, but in need of punishment —
for instead of teaching as is his duty, he will be fomenting a
third War of Rage. Perhaps, though, he does not intend to
reveal our secrets — in which case killing him would be, in
my estimation, practical but of questionable virtue.

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils

"But I wonder —in learning our ways, in stealing our
secrets, is this Nuwisha trying to teach us something? Is
there a lesson in his paws that we have yet to unravel?"

Dragon Boat bowed his head and spread his hands. "I
cannot know. This is my dilemma, O my Sesha, and the
dilemma that faces our nest. Do we slay the Coyote and call
it justice — or necessity? Do we let him live? We ask you
to understand why it is that we cannot agree — why our
laws fail us. Command us, and we shall obey."

Avoynd the World,

Dragon Boat waited for a few breaths. The cobra with
the wide hood, the one that had first addressed them, mind-
spoke again.

"Not yet, Night's Passage. There is more yet we wish
you to tell us — the portions of your education that do not
come from songs or law books. You are a far-ranging nest;
what have you learned from your travels?"

Jadita stepped forward and bowed again. "Sesha,

permit me."

Nagut to the Wh

Sesha, the world is large, and we can be found across
more of it than not. We are blessed with a degree of
flexibility unequaled by any one of the Khurah. We are
found on all continents but one, and we've made forays
even there, and recently. There are Nagah in the densest
jungles, in the deserts and across nearly every stretch of
fertile plains. We are in the rivers, the lakes and the
oceans, places commonly — though falsely — believed
accessible only to the Rokea and some few Mokolé.

There are few places that are not habitable by the
serpents that are our Kin: tundra, the high mountains
and other places where frost covers the ground year
round, anda handful of islands. Butour human Kinfolk
can be found even there, and there is no place on this
planet that a Nagah cannot go, if necessary, to fulfill
her grave responsibilities. My nest alone has visited
locales as inhospitable as Arabia's Rub al-Khali, the
Canadian tundra and, most recently, the white gem
called Antarctica.

Itisagreat help that we are gifted by Gaia with the
Ananta, the underwater home that gives us shelterand
access to the Velvet Shadow's secrets, thatsmall world
we carry within ourselves and speak forth into the
waters with the Ananta mantra. Since this small realm
goes everywhere with us, we are not tied to any one
place, Sesha; we may weave our way through the
world, shifting and roaming as needed, arriving and
taking our leave as easily and as quietly as the stars.

It should be no surprise that we are found every-
where, Sesha. Snakes and humans are both marvels of

51

‘quent which cities and where in these cities they go. In
the Indian cities we know best —cities that are not full
lof pristine nature, cities that do not have extensive
parks, cities thatare not pretty orserene— you will not
find many Garou. The noble mystics among them find

that such plebeian living clashes with their romantic
natures. Likewise, there's not enough glamorous busi-
ness to attract many Glass Walkers, certainly not a
pack's worth — and they hate that. They are, by
nature, pack animals, and being alone leaves them
feeling vulnerable. The one or two who have come in
to check out the city appear to have had business
setbacks or personal issues call them back to a "real"
city like Hong Kong, London or New York. We have
noticed that about the Wolves: they're quite fierce in
packs, but if you put one or two into a strange new
situation by themselves, they get most uncomfortable.
The pack tactics that are their greatest strength can
also prove a liability. The so-called Fangs of Gaia are
arrogant and vicious when the advantage of numbers
is theirs, but, when you get one alone in a strange
environment, he rapidly becomes the "coward of Gaia."

So, in these crowded cities, reeking with the
assorted stenches of humanity, you will find the Ratkin,
the Khan, the Ananasi, the Corax —and you will find
us. In such crowded places, largely abandoned by the
Wyld, the Garou are blessedly rare.

Obviously, we are most familiar with these over-
populated places, but we are found in cities of all sizes.
Many of usare bred and reared in the hearts of the most
densely populated cities on Earth. Those of us who
grew up balaram under those conditions are often
uncommonly streetwise, and any place less crowded,
then, feels almost bucolic in comparison.

lola

This vast country was once the setting of the Nagah's
greatest achievements. Our history in India— including
those regions now belonging to Sri Lanka, Pakistan and
Bangladesh — boasts, I think, the apex of interaction
between humans and the Changing Breeds. Mutual
respect and appreciation prevented most of the difficul-
ties that could have arisen. We lived openly, recognized
and respected as servitors of Devi. Our wisdom and
strength were honored and we claimed the two highest
castes: the priests and warriors — the Brahmins and the
Kshatriya —as our Kinfolk. To this day we remain a part
of their cultural history. Since our sudden disappearance
following the War of Rage, we have come to be thought
of as quaint mythological figures.

There are scholars among our kind who assert that
too much emphasis is placed on India's place in Nagah
history. I cannot say. We have always been found

around the world, of course, and we have played a role
of one sort or another in most cultures, but in India we
were common enough that our existence was taken for
granted. There were many times inancient Indiawhen
we were called upon to act as intermediaries between
the humans and the other Khurah. I believe was no city
orsignificant village that did not have its Nagah guide.
Our goal was not to rule the humans or conduct some
strange variant of the Impergium; we simply wanted to
bridge the gap between the world of Devi's servants
and those we shepherded. Since our duties to Gaia do
not bring us into conflict with humans the way those
of the Garou and Ratkin do, our association with the
humans was a relatively simple matter. That the deeds
of one of our own brought such harmony to an end is
a heavy burden of knowledge for us to bear.

After our exodus from India and after the War of
Rage brought the Age of Kings to an end, Indian
Nagah seemingly disappeared from India just as com-
pletely as they did from all other places. Still, there are
many more Nagah and Kinfolk scattered throughout
India than any other single place. Wild wolves, you
may note, are notably absent from India, although a
few Silver Fangs arrived with the waves of British
colonization. Our own efforts to resist the machina-
tions of the Corrupter, combined with those of the
Bagheera, Khan, Makara Mokolé and Ratkin have
largely made the Garou presence unnecessary and
unwanted. While the campaign against the Corrupter
necessitates allowing some Garou in, we attentively
monitor the Wolves' numbers to prevent any un-
healthy accumulation that might compromise our
secrecy or effectiveness.

Grand Nagah history aside, this is a wondrous
land. There are jungles, rivers, plains and hundreds of
miles of coastline. The king cobra, while not as numer-
ous as in days gone by, is not so endangered as the Kin
of many Khurah, and our human relatives are, quite
literally, everywhere. There exist lineages of our Kin-
folk descended from the Brahmins and Kshatriyas who
know of our existence and arrange marriages strategi-
cally to keep the cobra blood strong in our Kin.

I wish that I could speak as beatifically about the
overpopulation here. A billion people, Sesha! Even
China is hard-pressed to contain such a large number,
and India is notso large. Where the people are crowded
too close, the suffering comes. We are not a people
intrinsically prone to corruption, but so many people,
so densely packed — the spirit world grows thick with
the spirits that prey upon human misery. Even if no
greater percentage of India's population is in misery
than elsewhere, that is still a percentage of a vast
population in asmall place — which cannot bode well.

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils 53

Asia is a somewhat different story. We are rare in
the north; this is largely true of our kind in Asia north
of the thirtieth parallel. We have serpent Kinfolk up
there, obviously, and some small number of human
Kinfolk, but full-blooded Nagah are scarce. Much of
the area — Afghanistan, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Rus-
sia — is too mountainous, too cold and too inhospi-
table for our heat-loving kind. The Garou also become
more numerous and more powerful the farther northy
one ventures into those lands. Northern China, Ké
and Japan are all essentially empty of were:
Much of that is due to the efforts of the Ne:
the War of Shame. While nests do tra:
perform duties, we find such places hos
them relatively quickly.

The South, particularly the Southeast,
a different story. We are strongerin 1 jungles
and warm rivers of Southern China, 1a, Cambo-
dia, Malaysia and Viet Nam. Weare s¢attered through-
out the islands, too; Indonesiag Sri Lanka, the
Andamans, the Nicobars, the Philippines and the
Maldives — all are Nagah territory. Between the
rampant green growth and the plentiful water, we
could hide in such places forever. We thrive along
verdant banks of the Mekong} the Si Kiang, the Sal
and the Hong rivers. There is a small villag:
Irriwady River Delta in Thailand whose
consists entirely of human Kinfolk and a
Nagah nests. In such places, free of Gare
and protected by a close-knit network o
family, we may yet increase in numbers
unheard of, as though the Emerald
pects to have need of many judges and.
This village, whose name we all know bui
go unnamed even here, is where Naga
are recovering from wounds, when they ai
nestmates and when they need to regroup. 1
that future Nagah will look upon Southeas
currently look upon India: the epicenter of
existence and culture. We are justifiably vigilant i
guarding of this fact, as we must be. If this were
information that Manyskins had stumbled upon, his
bones would already be cold.

The Pett Courke

The territory of our greatest visibility — and,
therefore, vulnerability — is in the Beast Courts of the
Emerald Mother. Nowhere do we maintain a higher
profile. Our existence — even our role — among the
Hengeyokai is an open secret to all of our East Asian
cousins. We are free to participate as fully or as mini-
mally as we choose in the Beast Courts' business. Not

ver, is

54

only do we not keep our existence secret from the
hengeyokai, but the rare Nagah who has not partici-
pated in a nestbinding may even become a part of a
large, temporary "nest" — called a sentai — with
Khurah. Such risky behavior is rare —for the most part
we remain firmly in the shadows, an accepted and
unmentioned fact of life, quietly carrying out our duty
to Devi. But you, Sesha, gave this arrangement your
blessing, citing that where the Nagah may be effec-
tively reintegrated into the lives and consciousness of
the Khurah, it is our duty to attempt to do so.

In theory, we are capable of acting so brazenly
ing the hengeyokai only because of their deeply
ed sense of honor; we believe, in theory, that we
them: We have a tacit understanding with
akai, from the chattiest Tengu to the wili-
that,they will keep the presence of the
et from outsiders as part of their duty to the
Emerald Mother. Thus far, it has been miraculously
ive. They keep our existence secret from the
ple and all other shen, and in return we
hengeyokai most closely for imbalance
"purge it as necessary.

myself wondering, Sesha, is why we
‘we cannot trust the wisdom of even a wise old
wisha like Manyskins when, in the Beast Courts, we
st even young Kitsune with the knowledge of ou
existence. Honor is honor. | do not believe that the
Sunset People, on the whole, are ready to accept ou
existence or our role among the Khurah. But | de
believe that if we are willing to share the secret of om
existence with the likes of the Tengu, the Hakken anc
the Nezumi, that we should certainly be able to rely or
the discretion of one wise, proven Nuwisha.

Attra

Australia, once a treasure, is a very sad place for us
now. Weonce shared the continent witha tribe of very
wise Garou called the Bunyip! The War of Rage didn':

fect Australia, and our folk ‘there were not wiped out
and)foricenturies.did ot need to hide. Bunyip anc
Nagah existed harmoniously, perhaps even amicably
in part because their totem was the Rainbow Serpent
said by some to be one of the Wani themselves.

When the Europeans arrived with their Garou, we
knew enough to disappear immediately. The Seshz
advised the disappearance there to avoid a Third Wai
of Rage. Living unmolested for centuries had allowec
our numbers to attain an equilibrium of sorts and, a:
much as our Folk didn't want to go underground, it wat
better than being warred upon by rabid dogs.

They did not know our particular responsibilities
to the Emerald Mother, and it was only infrequently
that we were forced to act against the Bunyip because

Nagah

quite attuned to the balances of their tribe,

liced themselves efficiently. It was, we
‘that same combination of honor and self-
that made them blind to the other tribes'
eandultimately led to theirextinction. Their
blinded them to the significantly less noble
of the other Garou; they were unprepared for
ion, greed and malice of their cousins. Only
‘last years of their existence did the Bunyip
that the other Garou were behaving as they

s¢, it was too late.
retrospect, there was no good resoluti
flict once it began. We could easily hay
her War of Rage had even our small part b
ered. The Bunyip would still be dead, and mi
arouand Nagah as well. Tha -ofisolation.
Serpent has no more G; ‘ou n and
isnothing we can do to change thi - While
Australian brethren would still py toavenge
Bunyip, they do not. Quriously, the vengeful
ysts of the Bunyip appear to bé doing thar them-

, and for that we are pleas:
opulation of Nagah

Australia has an enormo
Ik. Highly venomous nakes are quite com-

ion just off the Australianycoast. Almost all of
pakes of Australia's mainland are extraordinari
fmous, and two of them, the taipan and
hake, rank among the deadliest snakes on
athe modern era, it is not uncommon fe
favel to Australia just to mate witht
bpents. We have a number of Kinfg
borigines of Australia as well, mostly
he north, far from the major cities.

In the far distant past, several ¢
\frica was once nearly as great a homeland
yp inparticular, with the tich Nile flo
nd flooding the land, was home to mam:
heir Kinfolk. The War of Rage never qui
ato the depths Africa, where the Simba and
fokolé were powerful and numerous enough to repe
he Garou's incursions. It was not the werewolves who
ecimared our population in Africa, but vampires in
he east and mortals in the west.

Egypt had long been a home for the Nagah. Hu-
aan and serpent Kinfolk were both relatively com-
aon, and the relatively sophisticated civilization was

new high for the humans. It attracted curiosity
eekersamong the Khurah, fascinated by the Preserver's
afluence among our human cousins. Where the Khurah
vere, then, so were we.

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils

When the Nagah heard rumors of a terrible ser-
pent god, we felt certain that one of our own number
had been claimed by the Destroyer. When we moved,
en masse, to destroy the corrupted one, we discovered
not a mad Nagah, but an extremely powerful vampire
with the ability to assume the Kali Dahaka form and
use other serpentine Gifts. Many nests of Nagah tried
to destroy this pretender, but tono avail. We destroyed
legions of vampires, many of them extraordinarily
powerful, but to no end. In time, the Nagah of Eastern

tof imbalance and lack of insight. By theng6f> Africa either died combating the vampire or left. The

hardest part of conceding the monster's victory was
échiing»as the serpent fell from its position as a
lom to a symbol of corruption. Devastat-
still fared better than the Bubasti.
rpents, particularly those of African
tion, nurse an icy vendetta against
tekh — and those who serve him.
ut of their way to destroy vampires

was all but cut off to us. Western
ame the homeland for African Nagah.
fortable for our human Kin, but we
lived for some time in relative peace
uman Kinfolk, the Yoruba, and our ser-
, the mambas, kraits and others.

en the slavers came looking for trade fodder.
ey sought out the strongest, healthiest individuals

a they could find. Those of the serpent blood were par-

ticularly prized for their strength, their health and
overall fitness. While Nagah were able to kill their
captors and escape, our Kinfolk were not. The culling
was ruthless, and nearly every Nagah Kinfolk from the
western coast of Africa was stolen from his family,
village and people. We have heard tell that the Mokolé
suffered the same form of predation. Some of our kind
went along with the slavers just to see what had become

of their Kinfolk. The Nagah of western Africa were left
ith only serpent Kin to mate with. To this day, the
of Africa are still,somewhat more connected to
-blood nt their human relatives, and
aera ights in common with the Garou
of the ‘alons tribe for that reason.
Jouph Arctica
While not as numerous as in the rest of the
Southern Hemisphere, we are still strong enough ir
South America. It took our ancestors a very long time
to discover South America; they did not discover i
immediately after the exodus from Bharat, but onc:
they found it, they took to it immediately. The lust
rain forests extend for miles, hiding our serpent anc
human Kin alike. As with Africa, the Second War ¢

5!

Rage had little effect on our Kinfolk or us in the jungles
where our mastery of guerilla tactics protected us from
the Garou. We certainly didn't meet the same fate as
the Camazotz, though we've avenged a few. Oddly
enough, our Kinfolk in Brazil benefited from the slave
trade. Just as a large number of those taken from West
Africa were Kinfolk, so were those same Kinfolk deliv-
ered to Brazil and other areas of South America. The
vigor of new Kinfolk was a great boon to the Nagah of
South America, and one that still serves them well.
The Nagah of South America, however, do not
travel or reveal much of themselves. With so many
Ananasi and Bastet to keep track of, and so many tools
of the Corrupter at work, they are thoroughly en-
meshed in their obligations. Developmentsare unfold-
ing there in the war between Gaia and the Wyrm that
demandconstant.attention. The Bastet, Mokolé. and
even the Ananasi are‘all playing their parts"
ing of the wheel, and as
buckle ty A its weight and
those unfortunate', we arrange:

of the protection [Gf Ukte € i

Serpentof Australia willing to speak to us. Many of his
brood — including thered serpents, the wingless
dragon spirits, sea serpents, Kolowissi and Inadu — are
simply servants of the Waniswearing different masks.
There were times in the Second War of Rage where'
Uktena, and the Garou who follow:him, would hide or
protect us out of respect for the spirits We jointly revered.
We appreciated the gesture. It's a pity thé Gamazotz were
not deemed fit to receive the same consideration.

The Caribbean

The slave trade took many of our Kinfo
Aftica's west coast and delivered them to the Pure
Lands. They took their knowledge of the Nagah with
them and sometimes incorporated it into their spiritual
beliefs. Yoruban religion was infused with Christian
mythology to create hybrid beliefs including voudoun,
Santerfa, shango, umbanda, macumba, batuque and
candomblé. Throughout the Caribbean, and even in
Louisiana, our Kinfolk have infused their communities
with an awareness of snake spirits and reverence for the
serpent god, whom they call Damballah.

North Atncrica

While we were nevernumerous in North America,
there was a time, before the second War of Rage, when
we were relatively evenly spread across the continent.
There would be far fewer of us had we not dropped out
of sight when we did. Many insightful Nagah, heeding
the words of the Corax, anticipated the second War of
Rage. They contacted the Sesha and shared their

knowledge. Through the intermediary of the Sesha,
they invited all Nagah to disappear with them for a
while, even as the Garou began murdering the Gurahl,
Pumonca and Qualmi, even as they annihilated the
Camazotz — over nothing. Nagah nests faded from
sight throughout the world, but they became particu-
larly silent in North America where the Garou were
especially strong. When our absence was noted, the
Corax were the first to announce that the Nagah were
dead. The first to say so were allies of the Nagah who'd
been asked to do so as a means of atoning for their...
questionable behavior during the War of Rage. They
passed that bit of information on tothe other wereravens
who spread the word, and within a decade, it was a
known fact that the Nagah — variously mourned as
, the dancers of Gaia, the diplomats
ers of Gaia — were extinct.

departure. The Nagah of Europe
Asia had been devastated b the first War of Rage;

the other great rivers was
atching the change in the

ippearance, we
though they
their Totem's

sly encountered, and when we did, we
questionable. Their cannibal totem
them in directions that are unwise, and
fe More numerous than we by far, the day
may come when we are required to act against many,
many of their number.

Oursecrecy has not yet resulted ina general Nagah
repopulation. Though our Kinfolk, serpent and hu-
man, are not overly rare, the population of Nagah has
been slow to recover due, in large part, to the social
barriers we have erected between our Kin and us. Nest
bondsare so tight that outsiders, even Kinfolk, are kept
at a distance. In addition, many of the poisonous
serpents of the land, such as the eastern diamondback
rattlesnake, are now in grave danger.

Many, perhaps most— though I hope not— of the
new Nagah being born in North Americaare ahi. | fear
the consequences such imbalance might bring.

Syrope
The War of Rage hit us harder in Europe than

anywhere else, and we never have recovered. The odd
thing about Europe is that it still has relatively large

56 Nageh

pumbers of Kinfolk, both human and serpent, but very
few Nagah. Ireland is obviously an exception here. In
the last century, afew Nagah have gone to Europe from
India and Pakistan. They've taken to breeding with
he local Kinfolk with some success. While this helps
some small way to restore Europe's meager Nagah
lation, it does little to restore the cultures that
once held the serpent sacred.
The Choant
The Rokea are not the only shapeshifters living in
the ocean. While it is their stronghold more than it is
ours — particularly the depths — we are quite capable
of living our entire lives beneath the ocean's waves.
There are Nagah who go out of their way to mate with
the sea snakes of the tropical oceans, which are both

ted to their watery existence an:
Nagah who prefer theé

alarge portion
islanders. They tend to be
hests are evens
typical fe ah.

Though we are less adept at entering the world of.
spirits than, say, the Corax, Nuwisha or even Garouy
fulfillment of our duty requires that we be able to enter,
the strange waters of the Umbra. The Nagah are the
only ones able to reach certain spirit, waters. The
Rokea cannot easily reach the Umbra, nor are they
typically found in fresh water; the other Changing
Breeds are found almost exclusively above the surface.
Guardianship of the other waters of the Umbra, then,
falls to the Nagah.

Our passport to the world of spirits is the watery
door, the jewel of passage: the Ananta. If we have
taken the Ananta into ourselves, we are able to will
ourselves into the spirit world just as the Garou do by
entering through the reflecting doors; the underside of
clear water is ideal.

If we have breathed the Ananta into the water,
then it becomes the place we must pass through to
enter the Umbra. If we have breathed out the Ananta
and we are not near it, entering the Umbra requires
extreme measures.

Nagah are not prone to exploration of the Umbra's
mysteries. We are, by nature as well as construction,
close to the Earth, and only rarely do our duties require
us to enter the Umbra. My own nest has executed its
responsibilities to Gaia only once while in the spirit
world. That said, there are two strong reasons — and

rs around themselves; The Serpent's

one less urgent one — when Nagah may venture into
the spirit world for extended periods.

The purpose of the Nagah is to judge and kill
shapeshifters who have tumed against the Emerald
Mother. Stalking the Umbra is sometimes the only way
to track down certain targets. Nests of Nagah, disguised
asmages, Mokolé orsomething altogether different, will
enter the spirit lands for extended periods, if required, to
huntdown one whose life we are responsible for ending:
Asyou know, Sesha, this frequently requires a greatdeal
of adaptation and skill, particularly if the prey we seek is
Ratkin or Corax; both of those Breeds are capable of
going places the Nagah usually do not, but we are more
than equal to the task. Serpents have been preying on
tunnel rodents since the dawn of time, and even Corax

need to.land:sometime.

~ Hidi the second reason we may enter the
Umbra. Disappearing intothe Deep Umbra saved the
liveSof countless Nagah during the War of Rage. Some
learned an/exotic Gift from the Wani that allowed
them to curl into fetal position and exude a shell
1en gg, as it's called,
allowed them to float, uinaging and well-protected,
through the farthest reaches ofthe Umbra for decades
— if nor longer. It is my understanding, Sesha, that
these strange voyagers still return from time to time
bearing tales of Nagah history that they recount as
though the exploits transpired only aweek ago.

The third, and least pressing, reason fora lengthy
stay in the velvershadow is the re-creation of the self.
Judgment and assassination of wayward forces of na-
ture — in essence what all shapeshifters are — is a
heavy burden, nor does the current age, the Kali Yuga,
provide us witha shortage of urgent targets. To prevent
the twisting of the soul, many Nagah retreat to certain
safe regions of the spirit world to divert themselves.

Aaya

It is not surprising that many of us are found in the
water. It means freedom to many of ourkind. On the land
weare slow, whether walking orcrawling, the ground sets
limits for us. Those of us used to crawling find walking
awkward and a bit precarious, though it is faster. Those o!
us used to walking find crawling to take far too long anc
to give no perspective on where we're going.

In the water, however, we can take advantage o'
our full dexterity. Iris also the water that gives us acces:
to the spirit world. The Ananta, the little dream work
we carry within ourselves and breathe into the water
is our doorway into the Umbra. We carry them wher
we need them within ourselves. When we settle in:
new river or ona new stretch of coastline for a time t
attend to business, we breathe out our home beneat!

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils 5

the surface of the water. Within that sacred serpent
space, we are the masters of the water, knowing what
is within its bounds, able to travel from edge to edge ar
the speed of thought. Better yet, once a group of Nagah
is nestbonded, they share each other's Ananta. When
three Nagah establish an Ananta, itcan take upa large
stretch of a river or coastline.

In the Ananta, slipping into the Umbra is just a
matter of wishing it so. We don't even need reflective
surfaces. On the other hand, if the Ananta is estab-
lished in the water and we are away from the water, we
are not able to enter the spirit world except through
extraordinary effort.

The Ananta is heavily warded. Those the Nagah
want kept out are kept out. Those the Nagah want kept
within are kept within.

Parmarert Aparyta

Other Ananta, like great Nandana, Sesha, do not
get moved. It is made of the Anantas of several Nagah
and since it is unmoving, structures may be built
within it, and the Nagah masters of the Ananta are
attuned to every building and every visitor to the
realm. The masters of such permanent Ananta are
quite powerful. Within their private realms, they may
control who enters, who leaves and who has passage to
and from the Umbra. Entering such a place unbidden
is the act of one who is unafraid of death.

The Serpent Wafers

The Near Umbral reflections of certain bodies of
water have proved themselves to be safe havens for us.
Those that we have claimed for our own and sanctified
we call the Serpent Waters. These are typically the
reflections of pure tropical rivers or small lakes, though
anumber of Serpent Waters exist in the reflections of
many coral reefs, particularly in the Indian Ocean and
the tropical Pacific. Those are the refuges of the sea
snake Nagah.

Serpent Waters are watery Glens. Being in the
Umbra, the water takes on hues that it cannot in the
physical realm. Swimming through the Serpent Wa-
ters is like gliding through liquid sapphires and flowing
emeralds. Younger Nagah, seemingly driven to trans-
late everything into their own argot, call Serpent
Waters the "jeweled pools."

The Serpent Waters are dedicated to the Nagah
and our flesh or spirit kin, including the Zhong Lung.
All serpent folk who serve and revere the Emerald
Mother, including feathered serpents and sea serpents,
are welcome. All othersare given ample motivation to
turn away. Those who cannot be dissuaded are killed.
Uktena himself has swum in the Serpent Waters on
rare occasions.

AS Wang CL

The most powerful serpent spirits, whom we call
the Wani, or the Dragon Kings or Long Lu reside ina
realm of storm and water. Their Realm crackles with
elemental power. Enormous primordial rivers wend
their way to a vast and frothing ocean beneath eter-
nally stormy skies. Weathered peaks of elemental
basalt rise into the mists of low, gray clouds. The
tranquility of the Serpent Waters is not to be found
anywhere in Xi Wang Chi. This is the place where the
great water storms are forged: anything that could not
withstand the constant raging of monsoons, typhoons
and hurricanes has long been swept away. In addition,
the bottomless oceans are prone to whirlpools and
waterspouts. Lightning flashes through rising steam
and whirling clouds as it did during the most tumultu-
ous periods of the formation of the physical realm.

Most of the eldest Dragon Kings have been in
slumber for centuries at this point, although I have
heard, Sesha, from one of our Mokolé cousins that this
time of sleep is soon to end. You would know that
better than I.

(0h, fhe Dragon Kingdom of the Sea

Like an unhealthy reflection of Xi Wang Chi, Umi
is home to a Dragon King in the Near Umbra. Perme-
ating the Pacific Ocean throughout most of the South-
ern Hemisphere, Umi includes the tropical oceans
where we have located our safest havens.

Most of those who serve the Dragon King of Umi
(or his lieutenant, Gajyra) are Mokolé or Rokea, bur,
as favored children of the Wani, Nagah are there as
well, although mostly in a ceremonial capacity. South
Seas spirit politics being what they are, it is the most
prudent approach.

The Nagah who do reside their report that there is
a strange pall over the place, as though it is moving
slowly, trapped in a dream. This sense has grown
increasingly strong over the last sixty years since the
Second World War. Something seems to be wrong, but
no one knows how to say so or how to attend to the
problem. Most Nagah deal with Umi by avoiding it te
whatever degree possible.

And that is what I know of the world, Sesha.

Srereotipet

Quiet fell over the audience chamber then. When the
next spirit-voice sounded in the nest's heads, none could say
which member of the Sesha was speaking; none had leanec
forward or shifted upward to indicate their interest.

"You have said little while your nestmates have made
their declarations, Indra's Dart."

58 Nagah

The stony-eyed Balaram stepped forward, sinking to
ine knee, then rising again. "My nestmates are prettier
b and better educated than I, Sesha."

"Nonetheless, we are interested in your words as well.
nwhat topic do you consider yourself well-versed?" There
tasaslight pause, marked only by the sound of shifting coils.
‘What of our cousins — those who share the world withus?"
| Indra's Dart bowed his head. "Then judge my knowl-
‘dee, Sesha."
he Xburrah

We have seen these places and done these things.
We care for Gaia as we can, even as the Wyrm thrashes
in his jagged crystalline maze. We do not judge the
humans who have remade this world in their image.
Theyarenot ourresponsibility. Butour brother Khurah
are our responsibility. We force them to do their duty
and let them guide the humans as they see fit.

Yer my objectivity withers as I contemplate what
effect Manyskins' treachery might wreak on our place
among the other Khurah. Sometimes, I can scarcely
temember their duties well enough to hold them
accountable to them.

The Yala

Adjua Ka, the hyena's mightiest king was a fool.
Rather than leading his people to do their duty, he
fought his sister-cousins for dominance of the savan-
nas. He deserved to die. His people, however, did not.

Brief surcease has been afforded them with Black
Tooth's death, but will the remaining survivors capi-
talize on it? If they donot forgo their dreams of revenge
and get back to work, we will showthem what it means
to tend those who suffer andiléad:
Gaia's embrace,

LL: chésis. Atropos' role
is ours. 1 : = 5

ale |

All I know of the Proud Brothers is that they are
the keepers of secrets. That is,good enough for me. If
they discover our seeret, they Will not share it but with
each other. If they divulge our Secret, they will die.
Gaia is kind to allow us to pursue this self-serving end
ina world that is not otirs. &

The Cora

We need not fear our secret falling into any
Khurah's hands more than those of the Whispering
Winds. Like us, they watch and remember, but they do
not respect what they learn. They give up every secret
they uncover, so that what one knows the rest of the

flock will soon as well. And what the tlock knows, tne
other Khurah will find out soon enough.

They hold a particular grudge against Manyskins as
well. He has pulled the greatest coup of alltime against
the Rai mand they have only justyfealized it. For
centuries, wereravens have crowded around the

very recently, an: a that stirred
them into a frenzy ofjacti months. We do not
know what he said,-bur we know that the Whispering
Winds have uncovered his trickery at last. Many of
them have made it asingular pursuit to hunt Manyskins
down for this "outrage" and "scatter his bones on every
wind." We/are familiar with Corax hyperbole, and we
know that they mean only to expose his every secret to

any available ear. I say "only," but for this reason

especially, Manyskins must be eliminated. What he
knows, the Corax will find out soon enough.

The Gurabf,

in their kinsman. The
swerebears return their
refused, and thisrefusal

gifts our Mother had granted -

Others have The Gurahl should
never have refused Who Isnot Named
of was of the Wyn went was false and
undeserved. Had the Gurahl realized thigyand raised the
fallen Fang, there would have been no War of Rage. We
could have excised She Who Is not Named of from our
ranks and put the rest of our kind above reproach. The
Gurahl's shortsightedness, brought us to this low state
despite their every effort. Now that they are rising once

again from theirs! r, We Must watch them carefully,
lest they once again bringvus cern.
The Kite . ;

Toddlers. Gaia createdithem so long after the rest
of us that we'seldom ow to judge them ar all.

The Mokofe

Eclipse's Children respect us and keep our secret,
for they would be*no less subject to the werewolves'
wrath than we ifthat secret got out. They have never
forgotten us or what our sacred duty is, for it is their
sacred duty to remember for all time. Their old and
their young hold in their hearts the accumulated

Chapter Two: Coils Within Coils 59

wisdom of all the preceding ages of the world. But
unlike the Corax, it is not in the Mokolé's nature to
give their knowledge away recklessly. Even should
Manyskins come) m with aJoose tongue,

they would not be The ruld monemiber
aways e
continue k

see the tapestry of time as they see it?
parcel Her memory out solely to them? The only
answer I can fathom is that She knows that only they
will survive the wars and devastation that are to come
when the Wyrm breaks free of the Weaver's webat last.

i Tanghtee to

eeuths where I lie dead. I will not a
be the last thing Gaia hears before the W
Her to death.

strangles

The Ratko

are repugnant, vile, scurril-
ands of their duty to be

jrelish their work.
, but that same

embittered thei
against the Garou tl
respect our memory, bi

may be the next to,take the

White Howlers traveled.

60

The Rokea

The Ever-Waking are our second-closest cousins
Where we make our homes in Gaia's lifeblood, the
revel in Gaia's very heart: ir duty does not brin;
them ashore, nor d duty take us out into thei
i i ive alone there, and the

them. But even then, we trust the Rokea most and fea
them least with the secret of our existence.

The Carew

The Fenrir and the Silver Fangs build empire
proudly on stacks of shapeshifter bones. The Furies ar
the Bone Gnawers envy their powerful cousins anc
withdraw their support out of self-righteous bitterness
The Shadow Lords are envious as well, but they snif
constantly for the scraps their betters drop. The Glas
Walkers gladly tangle themselves in the Weaver's webs
just as the Red Talons lose themselves among thi
dreams of the Wyld. The pretentious Children of Gai:
vie for peace among the Garou, but their efforts serv

The Fianna are lazy an
are ever distracted by

are not evil —they a are focused. Eve
the War of Rage isia forgivable sin the wolves commit
ted, We are more to blame than they are. No, th
werewolves' greatest fault is that they lack the requisit
control and perspective to guide their Rage to exal
Gaia as She most truly deserves. And for that reasor
they must not be allowed to find out about us. Manyskin
must be drowned and silenced before he incites th
killing frenzy in the werewolves again.

Manyskins presumes to call us lax. He claims tha

our decision to hide from the other Khurah has encour

Nagah

aged them to eschew their duties. He will tell them that
we still live, toremind them thar their actions have very
real consequences. If that happens, the wolves will hunt
us down for Wyrm-friends and traitors. They will take
their eyes away from their actual duty in the crucial
moment that the Thrashing Corrupter needs to break
free. When it does, it will find no front line of defense
waiting to receive it. It will decimate the distracted
Garou, and all hope will be lost for the rest of us. We
need them to be ready, Sesha. Manyskins must die.

The Others

The others who exist outside the reckoning of man
are known to us, but they are not ours to judge. The
Hungry Dead of east and west compete with the Fires
that Cleanse to cull the human herds. Like Eclips
Children, the Waking Dreams struggle to remember the
world as it was, although they will die if they ever forget.
The Lightning People congregate and make their own
wars, rivaling the worst of the Garou in their arrogance,
Of the Restless Shadows, we do not discourse.

But there is another kind of man and woman that
clouds my heart with despair. I have seen them in my
dreams, making war on the dead and heeding the
whispers of Gaia's noblest ministers. I have seen them
judge Khurah and Hungry Dead and Lightning People
alike. So many of them are doomed, yet their comrades
never waver.

I fear these dreams, because this army does not
know of the Nagah. It does not know of Gaia. It does
not know of the Wyrm. It knows only "tight" and
"wrong". I fear what these people in my dreams por-
tend, Sesha. They hint that Gaia is ill pleased with us
and has replaced us as best She can in the time left
before the Apocalypse. When I see the first of these
people with my own waking eyes, I will know that we
have failed. I will know that the End Times are coming
no longer. I will know that the Apocalypse has come.

7
Ghegque

His testimony finished, Indra's Dart stood quietly at
attention. The young girl nodded at him, and he bowed and
stepped back to the side of his nestmates.

"You have said enough, Nest of Night's Passage." It
was as if a single voice was speaking, then a chorus, thena
single voice again. "We do not find fault with your deci-
sion." A slight pause.

"We are ready to pass judgement."

With bowed heads, the three Nagah waited for the
Sesha to speak.

61


T am the wound and the knife!
1 am the blow and the cheek!
I am the limbs and the wheel—
The victim and executioner!
— Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs de Mal

There's much more to being a proper Nagah than
simply dumpingas many pointsas possible into Stealth,
Subterfuge and Brawl. A true Nagah, one who follows
the values of his race flawlessly is literate, artistic,
cunning, diplomatic, resolute, swift, pleasing to the
eye, and, of course, deadly. Brute killers and graceless
murderers have no place among the Serpent People.

Of course, the Nagah's ideals are rarely met in
completion; after all, the wereserpents are ultimately
mortal, and perfection isn't something given to mor-
ven the Sesha are bound to be found wanting in
one or two areas. A Nagah character should strive to
excel in as many areas as possible, but should probably
ultimately fall short in several. A proper mix of virtues
and failings is the key to an interesting character
particularly one of the noble yet terrible Nagah.

Nagale Traber

Although the Nagah share a number of traits in
common with other Khurah like the Garou, they also
boast a number of abilities and liabilities all their own.
Some of the traits peculiar to the wereserpents come

tal

from simple biology; others are the result of their
unusual spiritual heritage.
Anplhildous
The Nagah are strongly tied to water — their

patrons, the Wani, are great water-spirits as well as
dragon-spirits, and the Nagah feel a special affinity for
fresh water in their very being. Nagah are able to hold
their breath twice as long as other people can
(Werewolf, pg. 189), and are fully capable of breath-
ing water as easily as air in their Kali Dahaka form.

Kin Spcctat

Although most Nagah consider themselves the spiri-
tual heirs of the cobra, the wereserpents are capable of
mating with any venomous snake. A Nagah's forms tend
to reflect her serpent heritage; hence, the product of a
Nagah/rattlesnake mating will resemble a rattlesnake in
Azhi Dahaka, Kali Dahaka and Vasuki, and will even
have scales patterned like a rattlesnake's in Silkaram.

For simplicity's sake, the Storyteller may wish to
assume that all Nagah have similar statistics regardless
of their "stock" (that is, the species of serpent evident in

Chapter Three: The First Skin 63

their blood). Storytellers seeking more detail may wish

toassign particular advantages according to the Nagah's
actual stock. Forexample, Nagah born of crotalids (such
as rattlesnakes and pit vipers) might be capable of
sensing infrared radiation in their Kali Dahaka and
Vasuki forms, while Nagah of cobra stock might enjoy
an extra die on their Intimidation and Leadership dice
pools, Nagah of sea snake stock might be able to hold
their breath three times as long as other people, while
Nagah born of the incredibly venomous snake species
native to Australia might gain an extra dot of
character creation. The exact bonuses are left
Storyteller's discretion, although we don't rec:

actual bonuses to Attributes or increased
tency, which can prove unbalancing.

sanguege i
Like other Changing Breeds,
toan instinctive language pecan
However, the Nagah's speech (cal
Tongue") is much less reliant on
more reliant on pheromone fele:
coil-shifting and the like. Thu:
communicate with one another
form. However, Nagah cannot communicate with
ordinary serpents beyond the very basics of threa
display and similar concepts; snakes simply don't h
the capacity for conversation.

Nake /

The Nagah nest is in many ways simi
pack. Nests do not have pack totems,
Nagah'sdistanced relationship with the
spirits. However, a nest is still consi
spiritual bond, which allows them to q
tactics maneuvers (Werewolf, pg. 212) a
"opener of the way" intothe Umbra (Wer
Nagah pack tactics are usually Fur Gnarl
Nagah do not have the numbers or fig
support regular use of Harrying or Savage
Nests do not necessarily have a fixed lea
the nest members themselves decide who amo
should have the final word in crisis situations, and
"leader" position may change hands several times over
amission, depending on the nature of the tasks imme-
diately at hand. Nestmates are usually far too close to
make leadership challenges; a Nagah quickly learns to
trust his nestmates implicitly and to behave in a
manner befitting his nestmates' trust in him.

Rage avd Coats

Nagah possess both Rage and Gnosis, and use
them in much the same way that werewolves do —
taking extra actions, attuning fetishes, and so on. Like

Garou, a Nagah's Rage is influenced by his auspic
while his Gnosis is affected by his breed. Nagah regai
their Rage between stories or by becoming angered;
frustrated as usual; they may also regain one Rage poi
per hour of meditation spent partly submerged
water. However, although Nagah possess a stroi
portion of Rage in order to carry out their duties, th
have difficulty raising their Rage above a certain levi
the experience or freebie cost to purchase permane:
Rage is double what it is for Garou.
Like a Garou, a Nagah radiates a certain mena
if his temporary Rage is higher than his Willpow
every Rage point above his Willpow
ah loses a die to all dice pools involvir
. However, where a werewolf who
Willpower radiates an aura of pred
agah whose Rage exceeds his Wil
eling of quiet, venomous presenc
ly avoid making contact with th
just why they dread his presence:
g to remain near him all the sam
bject to frenzy (but not to the Thra
Ithough the difficulty to enter frenzy

ah havea system of rank that moves from or
ve, with Rank Six achievable by only the greate
toes of the race. At any given time, it is exceptior
ally unlikely that there are any Rank Six Nagah in th
world that are not part of the Sesha.

A Nagah's rank is determined solely by the judge
ment of the Sesha (which is to say, the Storyteller
When the time comes for a nest to be considered fc
advancement in rank, the nest reports to Nandan:
where each member in turn comes before the Sesh:
The time is selected not by the nest, but by the Sesh:
when the time is right, a door to Nandana opens in th
nest's Ananta. The Sesha askseach member of the ne:
recount the details of. deeds, to report othe
d finally to evaluate he
performance. Once each inter
4 he nest is given one week to relax in
the Nandana, conversing with other Nagah who migh
be there for evaluation or on business while the Sesh
makes judgement. When the week is up, the Sesh
takes each nest member separately into the Hall of th.
Wani, where the Wani inform the supplicant if she ha
eamed a new rank, and teach her any Gifts she ma'
have earned by her deeds.

[In game terms, the Storyteller is the one to decid:
when the time is right for characters to advance it
rank. This shouldn't be a hasty business; most Nagal
make several trips to the Nandana to report their deed

Nagah

and learn new Gifts before finally advancing to the
next rank. Nagah should advance no quicker than
Garou, and probably even more slowly. Patience is a
virtue, particularly in the Nagah's business.]

The Nagah ranks are, in order: Opening Eye
(Rank Zero); Singing Brook (Rank One); Razored
Arrow (Rank Two); Silken Noose (Rank Three);
Thunder Chakram (Rank Four); Silver Coil (Rank
Five); Mouth of the Sesha (Rank Six).

Regeneration ard Sifter

Nagah regenerate muchas werewolves do, hi
back bashing damage with ease and lethal dai
little more difficulty. Aggravated damage s|
a Nagah's regeneration, but given time a
can heal even that. Nagah characters
tules given in Werewolf (pg. 188).

Silver is the bane of Nagah, jusvas
Garou. The lunar metal causes aggravat
Nagah, and is unsoakable if aR
save his breed form.
Jentat

The Nagah possess the best'sensory abilities of
human and snake — however, these abilities are often
contradictory. A Nagah's eyesight is passably accurate
in all forms, and most Nagah have good color visi
even in Vasuki form. As the Nagah moves
scale from Balaram to Vasuki, his senses of sii
taste become more and more acute. The icult
detect odors drops by 1 for each form re
Balaram; hence, a Silkaram makes scen:
tion rolls at -1 difficulty, whereas a Kali
at-3 difficulty. Nagah in Azhi Dahaka,
Vasuki may track by scent. In Kali Dah:
eyesight, sense of smell and sensitivity
sufficiently acute that he automatical om
the effects of the lupus Gift: Scent of S

Unfortunately, the Nagah also suffer fro
ing problems common to their serpent Kin.
Nagah in Azhi Dahaka can hear about as
ordinary human, in Kali Dahaka all auditory Per
rolls are at +3 difficulty due to the form's poor hear:
In Vasuki form a Nagah is deaf to any airborne sounds,
and becomes reliant on his ability to sense vibrations
and sound carried through solid objects.
Siepping Sideneage

The Nagah lack the easy access to the Umbra that
the Garou enjoy. To enter the Umbra, they rely on the
connection they share with their Ananta, their pocket
den-tealms. While the Ananta stands, the Nagah who
call it home can only step sideways when they are in its
immediate presence, entering or leaving the physical

FA

the target takes the usual

world "adjacent to" the portion of the Penumbra
where the Ananta has been established. If a Nagah is
carrying the Ananta within himself at the moment,
then he may step sideways in the usual fashion; his
nestmates cannot, although he can act as "opener of
the way" and lead them across the Gauntlet (Werewolf,
pg- 228). Nagah can also step sideways freely into and
out of Serpent Waters.
Venom

In any form apart from Balaram (and even in
Balaram with the proper Gift), Nagah are capable of

upernaturally potent hemotoxins into their
Nagah can inject venom only if the target

raatical speed, causing immediate
d victims suffer an additional seven
ggravated damage, which is also
; The venom cannot affect spirits,
spirits, but it does damage vampires
ge is halved), who are vulnerable to
bloodstream. Other Nagah are im-
venom.
agah has the equivalent of three full
of venom in their venom sacs. Once de-
, the Nagah must wait 24 hours before their
om has replenished.
In some cases, the Nagah may spit their venom in
their opponents' faces in order to blind them. In
Vasuki or Kali Dahaka, only Nagah of spitting cobra
stock can attempt this, but the versatile fangs of the
Azhi Dahaka make spitting venom a possibility for all
wereserpents. Spitting a jet of venom at an opponent
uses up the equivalent of two full "doses" of venom, due
to the amount necessary to properly cover the target
area; it also requires a Dexterity + Athletics roll,
difficulty 7 (or 9 when targeting a foe's eyes). If the
Nagah successfully strikes the target with her venom,
Y health levels of dam-
elay of one turn as the toxin
into the bloodstream. Quick-
ay be able to wash the venom off
before it takes effect. If the venom gets into the target's
eyes, the pain and damage leave the opponent blinded
for (10 - Stamina) turns, to a minimum of three turns.

NM iftoner
Regardless of their upbringing, all Nagah must
have a certain fortitude of character to successfully

shed their First Skin and graduate their apprentice-
ship. All Nagah begin play with 4 Willpower.

Chapter Three: The First Skin 65

© Step One: Character Concept

Choosé-concepty breed and:auspice
}o° Step Two: Attributes i

Assign Auributes (7 primary, 5 secondary, gets)
* Step Three: Abilities

Pri6ritize the threé categories: Talents, Skills
Knowledges (13/9/5)

Choose Talents, ‘Skills, Knowledges
* Step Four: Choose Advantages
| ‘Choose Baekgrounds (5), Gifts(Nagah Gift, 1
breed Gift, Vauspice Gift)
¢ Step Five: Finishing Touches
Re¢ord_ Rage (by, auspice), Gnosis' (by: breed)
and Willpower (4); spend freebie points (15)

Greed,

¢ Balaram: You were bornofhumans, unaware
of the serpent's blood withinyou, Now you have said
farewell forever to the human world, preparing to
begin your almost Solitary life's journey.

Initial Gnosis: 1

Beginning Gifts: Cold Blood, Persuasion, Pre-
hensile Body, Self-Mastery

* Ahi: You wére raisediin the Serpent Waters
from the day ofyourhatching, withonlya brief visit

were Nagahy giving your blood a ceity that is poor
blessing and ctirse.

Initial Gnosis: 3

Beginning Gifts: Bones as Coils, i jar is
Wyld. Sense; Wyrm Sense

* Vasuki: You were hatched a serpent, and your
life has been a struggle to survive until the shedding
of your First Skin. Now you cant hear the world' as
Well asitaste iti

Initial Gnosis: 5

Computer, Law, Linguistics, Medicine, Polities,Stience
Beginning Gifts: Death Rattle, River's,Gift,
Sense'Vibration, Treesnake's Blessing
Aue
¢ Kamakshi (Spring) —Touchedby the forces
of renewal, healingand éarth.
‘Initial Rage? 3
Beginning Gifts: Ganga's Caress, Kind Déath,
Resist Pain

aracfep Gol. af

» Patience, Slayer's Eye

to the physical worldievery,year. Both. your parents »

Restricted Abilities: Drive, Etiquette, Fireatms,-

>

© Kartikeya (Summer)——The we Of vi viper,
imspiration/and fire. |

Initial Rage: 4 ‘

Beginning Gifts: Brief Sensation, Eyes!6f Ged
WapGod, Scent of the True Form /

° Kamsa (Autumn) +The seasonalduspiceof
‘insight, psychological warfare and 2 air.

Initial Rage: 3 , 7

Beginning Gifts: Executioner': Betecs PredatSas ‘ss

Kali (Winter) —Touched bythe influenceof
clarity, focus and water.
Initial Rage: 4 c |
Beginning Gifts: Guided Strike, Iron Coils, |
Wyrm Sense

Badkgpoowdt

*Ananta: The underwater den-realm that is
your safest haven.

¢ Ancestors: The ability to channel the spirits
of youraneestors to aid you. c

* Contacts: People you'know who may prove
useful to. your duties.

¢ Fetish: An heirloom ofspiritual/potency.

¢ Kinfolk: The humans and,:rarely, serpents
who share your blood:

© Pure Breed? The spiritual and physicalipres-
tige of your royal lineage.

© Resources: Money, possessions and /orher
material goods that can'aid you: |

¢ Rites: The number and level of Samskara, ory)
rituals,that you Can performs

Ye :
Nagah Beginning Gifts: Eyes of the Dragon

Kings), Lizard's Fayor, Scent of (Running Water,
Slayer's Eye, Snake's Skin, Sting of Sleep 1

Rap
All Nagah  begin.at Rank One.

Preble Potoks

Trait Cost

Attributes 5 per dor

Abilities 2 per dot

Backgrounds 1 per dot

Gifts * 7 per Gift (Lével One oily)
Rage 2 per dot

Gnosis 2 per-dor

Willpower lL per dot

66 Nagah

fred

A Nagah's spiritual nature and aptitudesare heavily
tied to their parentage. Those born of humans, ser-
pents or Nagah/Nagah matings display a wide range of
abilities and failings.

Balaram are essentially homids, with most of the
same rules as homid Garou; they have limited Gnosis, a
human breed form, and so on. They begin with 1 Gnosis.

Ahi are essentially Nagah metis, although the
differences are profound. Ahi are not infertile, and do
not suffer from deformities; however, only 10% of
Nagah/Nagah pairings produce ahi. They are hatched
in the Azhi Dahaka, which is their breed form. Ahiare
raised mostly in the spirit world, and this practice,
along with the intense "more Nagah than Nagah"
nature of their blood, makes them particularly vulner-
able to pollution, particularly water pollution and
Wyrm-toxins. An ahi takes from one to three levels of
lethal damage per turn to exposure to heavy pollution;
the level should be appropriate to the pollution's
severity. The damage rises to aggravated if the toxins
are water-borne. Standing near a billowing smoke-
stack would count as one level of lethal damage,
whereas a dunking in the river downstream of an
industrial plant would count as three levels of aggra-
vated damage. This damage is
soakable as normal. Ordi-

nary levels of city smog and similar "background pol-
lution" aren't damaging, although an ahi will be con-
sistently coughing and miserable on a smoggy day or in
asmoky room). To make matters worse, an ahi may use
only half her Stamina pool to soak damage from
Wyrm-toxins. Ahi begin play with 3 Gnosis.

Vasuki are the snake-born Nagah. There is only a
10% chance of producing a vasuki Nagah per brood of
hatchlings, not per snake in the brood; thus, a brood
that produces 20 offspring has a 10% chance of produc-
ing a Nagah, not a 100% chance of producing two
Nagah. Vasuki begin play with 5 Gnosis, but also begin
play with the same restrictions as lupus characters;
they cannot purchase Drive, Etiquette, Firearms, Com-
puter, Law, Linguistics, Medicine, Politics or Science
at character creation unless they use freebie points.

Aue

A Nagah's auspice is determined by the season of
the wereserpent's birth, rather than by the moon
phase. The seasons' influence tends to predispose the
Nagah to certain spiritual connections, suchas the sort
of Gifts for which they have the most affinity. (An
auspice may also have a slight effect on a Nagah's
personality, but it in no way

defines said personality.) Unlike Garou, Nagah don't
view an auspice's influence as a determinant of social

role — it's a matter of affinity, nothing more. All
Nagah have the same task within the race — to
assassinate.

A Nagah's auspice notonly influences the Gifts he
might learn, but it also tends to give the wereserpent a
subtle connection to one of the four mystical elements.
Although elementals are no more bound by the Pact to
assist Nagah than are any other Gaian spirit, spirits of
a specific element tend to look a little more favorably
on Nagah of a related auspice. Nagah still don't learn
Gifts from elementals, and can't reliably summon
them — but the Storyteller may allow a Nagah a
certain amount of leeway if he finds himself trying to
strike a quick agreement with an elemental of his
auspice's element.

The Kamakshi are the auspice of spring. They tend
to be slightly more empathic than other Nagah, and
more commonly study the arts of healing. They begin
play with 3 Rage, and have an affinity forearth elementals.

The Kartikeya are the Nagah born in summer.
Their personalities run slightly more toward the in-
tense or emotional, and they often focus on more overt
forms of self-expression such as song. They begin play
with 4 Rage, and are tied to the element of fire.

The Kamsa are the autumn-born Nagah. They
tend to be more logical and introspective than their
brethren, and are particularly adept at psychological
warfare and preying upon an opponent's weaknesses.
They begin play with 3 Rage, and have an affinity for
air elementals.

Finally, the Kali are the auspice of winter. They are
the most "professional" of the Nagah, and learn Gifts
that increase their efficiency and skill in the killing
arts. They begin play with 4 Rage, and are associated
with the element of water.

Form

The Nagah have five forms, not unlike those of the
Garou. Each Nagah's serpent form resembles a specific
poisonous snake. Most Nagah are obviously of cobra
stock, although some are distinctly descended from
mambas, sea snakes, adders, vipers and even rattle-
snakes. When in any of its non-human forms, the
wereserpent retains the coloration and markings of its
snake form to some degree; thus, a Nagah who takes
the form of a diamondback rattlesnake will have a
rattle on the end of her tail in Azhi Dahaka, and subtle
diamond patterning on her back in Silkaram.

¢ Balaram: The Balaram is the "human" form; a
Nagah is indistinguishable from other humans when
wearing the Balaram. Most Nagah are of Indian or
Asian ancestry, although there are wereserpents of
other ethnic groups scattered about the world.

© Silkaram: This form has the proportions of a
human, but cannot truly pass for an ordinary man or
woman. The Silkaram form is completely hairless,
with bony ridges thatstrongly resemble scales covering
its skin (even the lips, which makes human speech
slightly stilted). The Nagah's fingers and toes become
webbed, providing excellent swimming ability. The
jawline extends substantially, while the nose recedes
and widens, becoming near non-existent. The
Silkaram's eyes lose their human coloration, becoming
more like the eyes of the Nagah's serpent form. The
canines lengthen into hollow fangs that can fold back
when not in use, while the other teeth grow closer and
almost fuse together.

¢ Azhi Dahaka: The Nagah's "war serpent" form
is a terrifying beast resembling nothing more than a
giant cobra complete with a barrel torso and a powerful
set of "arms" (its arms being more like the flexible
trunk of a snake than a human's limbs). Below the
torso, the tail (thick enough to balance on) easily runs

| AchiDahaka Kali Dahaka _ y *Wasuki ~~
Str: +3 a "2 ‘Str: +2 "f "Str: -1 F |
Dex: +2 ~~ Dex: +2 = 4 Dex be 4
Sta: +3 ‘Stat +2 >) & ~ Sta: A =
App: 0 , z
5 Man:,-3 3 2 * 8 Man:0 4

Diff 2 Diff: 6, a of pdt G a a

Bite (Str) Bite (Str +1) ‘Bite (St+1) =f af ~~ Bite (Str #1)

Claw (Str) Claw (Ste+1) > Claw (Str) ~~ . > a ia a7
Constriction® ~ _ Gonstriction* 4 a
Incites/Delixiim ia =~ al , a

68

FRE

Jength of 16 to 20 feet; often more. The Nagah
ly resembles his serpent form in Azhi Dahaka,
heven Nagah descended from non-cobra blood-
still sport impressive hoods in this form. Azhi
a may unhinge their jaws at will, and are able to
e water as easily as air. Regardless of the Nagah's
stual serpent "stock," the fangs of the Azhi Dahaka
ge long and hinged like that of a viper. The
‘wereserpent's hands sprout claws as terrible as those of
a Garou, and their scales and scutes take on a
pernatural resilience. Any scarification the Nagah
has received stands out significantly in this form, often
patterns in the Azhi Dahaka's scales. The Nagah
causes the full Delirium effect in this form; few humans
fan stand to look on such an embodiment of their
primal fear of snakes.
¢ Kali Dahaka: The "great serpent" form more
resembles an actual snake, albeit one that rivals even
the largest anacondas in size. The Kali Dahaka is often
thirty or more feet long, and as big around as a strong
man's leg; it boasts the general appearance and denti-
tion of the Nagah's serpent stock. The Nagah may, if
he chooses, make a Stamina + Primal-Urge roll, diffi-
culty 7, to sprout a slender set of arms like those of the
Azhi Dahaka; these arms are notas impressively muscled
orclawed, and are considered unsightly in most Nagah
circles. The Nagah's ritual scars also remain, although
they are muted and harder to pick out. The Kali
Dahaka form is fully amphibious.

© Vasuki: The Vasuki form is indistinguishable
from a normal serpent.

New Corbet apewvert

© Constrict: In either of its "great serpent" forms,
a Nagah is capable of constricting one opponent in his
coils while biting, clawing or swinging at a second foe.
To do so, the Nagah must first successfully catch his
opponent with the constrict maneuver; the opponent
must be of a manageable size and shape to feasibly
constrict. A Crinos-form Garou oreven Gurahl can be
constricted, or even a Mokolé with Huge Size (if the
Nagah catches the monster around the neck), but
coiling around something like a Thunderwyrm is obvi-
ously not an option.

Once the opponent has been caught in the Nagah's
coils, on the Nagah's successive actions he may fight
another opponent (or deliver a finishing strike to the
ensnared opponent). The Nagah cannot move from
his current location while he constricts a foe, so he
might not be able to easily reach asecond target unless
in close quarters. On each successive action, the Nagah
must roll Strength + Brawl against a difficulty of his
trapped victim's Strength + Brawl -2 (asa free action).
If the Nagah is successful, he inflicts his Strength in
bashing damage against the opponent; if he is unsuc-
cessful, the victim manages to writhe free. While
constricting a victim, the Nagah is an easier target to
hit; the difficulty of any dodge rolls the Nagah makes
are raised by two.

Chapter Three: The First Skin 69

The victim may attempt to break free as an action;
this usually entails a resisted Strength versus Strength
roll. (The Storyteller may assign additional modifiers
tothe rolls based on the relative size of the two, and just
how firmly the victim has been caught.) A victim
caught in a Nagah's coils may or may not take other
actions, again depending on relative size. If the Nagah
attacks the target in his coils with a bite or claw attack,
the difficulty of his attack is reduced by 1 (it's easier for
him to shift the usually immobile victim to a good
vantage). However, others trying to strike the con-
stricted victim are at +1 difficulty, owing to the Nagah's
coils getting in the way.

Example: Kama Shining-in-the-Sun is fighting a pair of
Kuei-jin vampires. He is currently in the Azhi Dahaka. He
wins initiative, spends nwo Rage, and declares that he will
attempt to constrict the first Kuei-jin, claw her when she is in
his coils, and then bite her parmer. On his first action, he
successfully catches the first vampire with his Dexterity +
Brawl roll. Both Kuei-jin then act before his Rage actions.
His victim tries to break free, but her Strength of 4 isn't
sufficient to overcome Kama's Strength of 6; her action is
done. Her companion strikes Karnaand wounds him (Karna
elects not to dodge, given his poor odds of success). On his
second action, Karna first rolls Strength + Brawl to maintain
his hold; he does so, and rolls his Serength, inflicting three
health levels of bashing damage on his prey. (She, however,
easily soaks this.) He then takes his second action, clawing
his entrapped victim (at -1 difficulty to hit). On his third
action, he again rolls to continue constricting. This time he
fails the roll; the Kuei-jin struggles free, although he still bites
at her partmer as declared.

Usable By: Azhi Dahaka, Kali Dahaka

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: 6

Damage: Strength Actions: |

* Injection: A Nagah's fangs are capable of inflict-
ing great damage even when the Nagah doesn't inject
any venom into the wound. However, Nagah can
choose to bite gently into a victim as well. If not
engaged in combat or other stressful situations, a
Nagah can inject an unresisting target with venom
without actually causing any aggravated damage from
her fangs; the venom does the entirety of the work.
This is particularly useful when usinga non-lethal dose
of venom such as with the Sting of Sleep Gift. The
Nagah can also attemptsuch a merciful bite in combat,
although it becomes more difficult than an ordinary
bite attack. Still, wereserpents still capable of compas-
sion find it worth the trouble in several situations.

Usable By: Any form capable of injecting venom

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: 7

Damage: Venom only Actions: |

New Xonfedge: Xtrarahi Lore

"This is a crime?" Cottonmouth Jack settled down a
little more comfortably as he peered over the rooftop's edge
down at the alley below. The rending and gulping noises
drifting up from below elicited nothing more than a bored
stare from the Texan. "I mean, what's this supposed to be,
cannibalism? He's a werewolf, nota human, soit's notlike
he's eatin' his own."

"Try to keep up," his parmer sighed. "The Garou have
alawagainst this —and notjusta local ban, it's part of their
Litany. ‘Ye Shall Not Eat the Flesh of Humans.' I learned
it back before my First Venom." She shook her head. "I
swear, you're going to mortify me when you go in front of
the Sesha, I just know it."

For Nagah to be able to rightly punish a Khurah's
offenses against his purpose, they must first be able to
understand that Khurah's purpose. Although the Nagah
will never be as well-versed in a Changing Breed's
society as a member of that Breed, they have still
managed to compile a sufficient amount of informa-
tion on the Khurah to help them in their jobs. This
Knowledge reflects how well versed a Nagah is in
identifying members of a particular Changing Breed,
and how easy it is to determine whether they are
betraying their duties or not.

There may be imperfections in the knowledge
granted by this Trait; the Nagah are assassins first and
spies second, and portions of their information may be
out of date. If a particular Garou tribe has changed
their methods of operation in the last century orso, the
Nagah may well have missed many of the various
ramifications of this change.

This Knowledge does not in any way convey the
right to consult other supplements in play without the
Storyteller's explicit permission. No matter how high
his Khurah Lore, no Nagah is able to list off the tribal
Gifts of a given Garou tribe or rattle off all three of a
Bastet tribe's potential Yava. Storytellers should be
careful to make sure that players use this Knowledge in
the manner in which it's intended — to aid Nagah in
punishing the crimes that truly merit punishment, not
to provide a catalog of specialized information on a
Changing Breed's organization and key weaknesses.

. You know the names and duties of all the
surviving Khurah races.
eo You know that sometimes you have touse gold

instead of silver.

You can tell an Uktena from a Wendigo, ora
Makara from a Gumagan.

You can quote the Litany, Ananasa's Laws
and the Duties of Sun with equal facility.

70 Nageh

e000 You know what the word "Yava" means, and
you've heard the names ofa secret society or two.
Possessed by: Nagah
Specialties: Garou, Bastet, Ratkin, Ananasi,
Mokolé, Corax, Beast Courts, Europe, Africa

Sackgroyndt

Nagah may select from the following Backgrounds:
Ananta, Ancestors, Contacts, Fetish, Kinfolk, Pure
Breed, Resources and Rites. The self-imposed isola-
tion of a Nagah nest interferes with the amount of
maintenance necessary to cultivate a person as an ally
rather than a contact. The cellular nature of Nagah
society also tends to forbid true mentor-student rela-
tions, at least that extend past the apprenticeship
period — a Nagah's former mentor will likely be
inaccessible, on missions of his own, once the Nagah
has undergone the Celebration of First Venom.

Finally, the Totem Background is unavailable; the
Wani and their servants do not act as personal or
"pack" totems, and no other spirits are entitled to do
so. A Nagah nest counts as a bonded pack for purposes
of pack tactics, nominating a leader into the Umbra
and so on, but no totem bond is actually present.

Avarta

White Desert held tightly onto Juval's hand as the
tension of the Ananta pulled over her. It was like walking
through a waterfall that wasn't pressing downward. Juval
had never let her into his personal Ananta before, and the
sensation of being the led instead of the leader was remark-
able. Then they were through, standing on.a stretch of wide
savanna under a warm sun and brightly visible full moon.
A silk pavilion loomed over them both, the cool air from
within scented like cinnamon. Juval pulled his hand from
hers, then drew back the flap of the tent.

"Welcome to my home sweet home," he murmured.

This Background describes the general setup of the
Nagah's Ananta, the pocket "realm" in the Umbra that
she calls her own. Unlike the den-realms of other
shapeshifters, though, the Anantaisashared Background;
all the members of a nest may contribute to a communal
Ananta, or they may maintain their own. However, no
Nagah may carry more than one Ananta within herself at
atime, so one member of each nest must usually forego
having a personal Ananta, instead being responsible for
the transport of the nests' communal home.

The number of Background points spent on an
Ananta determines the den-realm's size and ability to
provide food; the most powerful Ananta can supply a
nest with Umbral food and drink as nourishing as the
physical equivalent, adding to the nest's self-reliance.
However, although an Ananta may have a small pool

or stream running through it, the spiritual water of
such a feature does not count as fresh water for pur-
poses of the Nagah's more sacred rites or regaining
Rage. Only naturally occurring water will suffice. The
Nagah of a nest may spend their points in this Back-
ground on personal Ananta, to contribute to a group
Ananta, or both. However, the rating of any Ananta
cannot exceed 5 without the Storyteller's explicit
permission. (The Storytellermay choose to ler the nest
create a permanent Ananta by spending double the
Background points on the Ananta, but the characters
aren't entitled to such a rare and wondrous luxury.)

In the physical world, the Ananta has little to no
dasa
"doorway," through which the Nagah may step side-
ways to enter the den-realm. This portal is invariably
at the bottom of a river or other source of fresh water.
Other Nagah are capable of sensing the presence of the
entryway into an Ananta; it is otherwise invisible. The
difficulty to step into an Ananta is equal to the local
Gauntlet, -1 for every two points in the Background.
The difficulty number cannot fall below 2.

[> 4 VMing falter Burd i
7 Passing through the wards: of an Ananta ifthe
# agah ownet doesn't want you to can beanywhere
om moderately difficultroimpossible-Thehope-]
ful escapee has, whe best chances if the Ananta
dlrs: to only aysingle Nagah, otherwise her
< ices Of entry opescape plummet sharply. |
= F Passing the wards ofan Ananta requires'a con-
erest illpower. roll" against; the" controlling)"
ayereserpent(s). (1 (Thisis trie even if the Nagah is nor |
Currently home: If the Ananta belongs toa nest of
| 'Nagahi; then the strongest Willpower trait among
the nest is used, with anadditional+2 Willpower for]

eee ‘member beyond the first. (Dhe difficulty
> inv:

for ader's Willpower roll cannot goabove 10,
ie the Nagalh'scommuthal Willpower diepool
hile itmay be possible foraspndieilled and

icky, int r tgenter orescape the Ananta main-

ey i oe ee twoNagah, an Ananta
|obelonging toa nest of three Nagah is almost invio-

lable: To enter -Nandana itself, an.invader would ©
thaye to best.the ‘combined will of the Seshal—at
| difficulty. 10 forhisown, roll, while the Sesha would
havé 26 diceto oppose him! ~

* "And if che intrepid ward-passetbelieves hitn-
self to be free andicleat once she's through the
rds, she's mistaken. A Nagah knows;the mo-
tion of the breach, and istikely
lator : POst haste. 7 28

*rojattend toithe:

—

Chapter Three: The First Skin 71

In the Umbra, the Ananta is invisible from the
outside; its perimeter is solid and yields slightly to
strong pressure, like athick rubbersheet stretched over
water. Umbral travelers coming across the boundaries
of an Ananta are unlikely to see it as anything more
thana local boundary of unknown origin; spirits ignore
the Ananta entirely, and are unlikely to believe that
there is anything there. Given the underwater loca-
tion of an Ananta, the den-realms are very safe from
casual discovery.

An Ananta is in some ways part of a Nagah; on¢e >

the wereserpent has created his (or his nest's) Ananta,
he may "swallow" it to move it from place to place at

any time. No roll isnecessary; the Nagah simply moves

through the outside wall of the Ananta' into/the

Penumbra and draws the den-realm into himself. He

may then regurgitate the Ananta at ahy point. While
a Nagah carries his Ananta inside hisbodyshemay step
sideways freely as Garou do. However, ifn Ananta is
destroyed for any reason, each' Nagah to which it
belongs loses a permanent Gnosis point.

The contents of an Ananta arédetermined by the
nest or Nagah to which it belongs. Most prefer décor
reminiscent of Indian royalty, hearkening back to the

glory days of the race, althoughilocal fashion isalso quite _
popular. Fruit trees are the most common source,6f

provided food, although a stream of Umbral fish is'also

popular with vasuki. The interior can resemble'
anything the Nagah chodses; although theré
nite internal boundaries, the "outside walls*

Asmall and meagerly appointed.
might be room for a small cor
No refreshments are available=
ee A modest Ananta, with roughh

may supply enough food and dri
tain a visitor or two, although
illusion than nourishment.

eee = An Ananta well-suited to a nest, rough
size of a hotel suite or townhouse. There's
enough "empty" food and drink for the whole
nest, or enough truly nourishing food for one.
eooe

A pleasantly spacious nest, about the size of a
comfortable house. The Ananta provides
enough "true" food for three.

eeeee A most luxurious Ananta, the size of a small
mansion and appointed to look the part. The
food and drink available is all as nourishing as
the best mortal food, and can feed five people.

golden'

6, to

tiffs

The Nagah don't learn their Gifts as other
shapechangers do. As Nagah are outside the Pact that
enables shapeshifters to learn Gifts from friendly spir-
its in exchange for chiminage, virtually no spirit not
directly in service to the Wani can teach a Nagaha
Gift even if they wanted to. (Incarnae and Celestines
are of course above such petty restrictions, butonly the
most foolish wereserpent would risk angering the Wani
by scorning their pact to go begging to an outsider.) A
Nagah_ learns her Gifts during her regular "review"
ith the Sesha; even if the Nagah has not yet
nce in rank, she may be taken to Xi
arn more Gifts that might assist her. (In
entails spending experience to pur-
1; the Nagah are simply more limited

"outside" Gifts, the Nagah must suc-
fl or coerce a spirit or other shapeshifter

en. the inflexible nature of a spirit's
is makes finding a spirit teacher difficult
id, of course, learning a Gift from another
er violates the code of secrecy. Should the
overcome these obstacles, she must still pay the

‘Gift's level x 7 experience points to learn the Gift, and

most Level Four or Five Gifts are completely off-limits.
(Storytellers may allowabalaram Nagah tolearna Level
Four homid Gift, for instance, but most Gifts of this level
are exclusive to their "proper" owners.)

Nagel Cie

Eyes of the Dragon Kings (Level One) — With
this Gift, the Nagah can see through almost any
obstacle short of a solid wall. The Nagah can see
through fog, smoke, and murky water without diffi-
culty. This Gift also grants.the ability to see in even
roral darkness. The Nagah's i
whensthiis Gift i is employed.

é player makes a Gnosis roll, difficulty
€ the Gift; this Gift doesn't negate the
need for other Perception rolls, although conditional
modifiers for poor visibility may not apply. Gifts or
powers such as Blur of the Milky Eye can still foil the
Eyes of the Dragon Kings, though the Nagah's penal-
ties to see the hidden character are reduced by 1 while
this Gift is active. The Gift's effects last fora scene.
¢ Lizard's Favor (Level One) — Nagah value
their secrecy highly. This Gift grants the wereserpent
the ability to masquerade as a Mokolé by evincing
certain lizard-like characteristics.

72 Nagah

The player rolls Stamina + Primal-Urge
Willpower point. For every success, the
levelop some trait like legs, royal crest,
- finsora back sail. This Gift does not grant
racteristics that have any actual game
the most useful traits that can be developed are
allow full bipedal or quadrupedal mobility.
¢s such as wings, horns or armor are just
ial, useful for appearance alone. The
-for one scene, or until the Nagah shifts
or Vasuki form.

gappled, held or throw by /anr opponent. If
quickly, this Gift may alsoallow the Nagah
taking damage from dangerous substances
on her skin (e.g., acid and poison).

ity + Athletics; if sucessful, the Nagah slip
the outer layer of! her skin, allowing her
‘of most bonds. Five or more successes
ed toslip free of extremely complicate
toryteller's discretion.
¢ Sting of Sleep (Level One) —
en it suits the Nagah's purpose bet

_ System: The player expends one Gi
may choose to change up to thre
The altered venom causes sleep i

venom is treated as lethal rather thai
purposes of soaking and healing, altho
ger the victim's life. The sleep-induci

It of overwhelming drowsiness rather than pai
target reaches Incapacitated, he falls into a d
restful sleep for an hour (plus an extra hour for every
d level below Incapacitated given by the venom).
¢ Burrow (Level Two) — Snakes are at home
both on and under the ground. Through the use of this
‘Gift, the Nagah is able to tunnel through earth to
follow prey, create an ambuscade or make a nest.
‘While the specifics are largely different (snakes don't
| dig, per se, they just sort of insinuate themselves into
| the earth), and the Nagah must be in Kali Dahaka or
i Vasuki form to use this Gift, this Gift is otherwise like
the metis Gift of the same name.

|
|
}
l

tem: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls

Chapter Three: The First Skin

© Gift of Breath (Level Two) — While Nagah
have no problem breathing underwater in any Kali
Dahaka form, Gift of Breath allows a wereserpent to
grant the ability to breathe underwater to others as
well. This Gift saw the most use during the War of
Rage, when the Nagah used it to transport certain of
their beloved Kinfolk to their underwater dens.
System: The player rolls Stamina + Enigmas to
extend the Nagah's ability to breathe underwater to
another. One success allows a target enough air to
survive as long as he remains relatively still. Two
successes allow for normal movement including swim-
king, and three successes provide the target
gen to support strenuous activity, like
ft's effects last for five minutes; if the
o expend a Gnosis point, the effects
stead.
ispers (Level Two) — With this
le tocommunicatesilently, through
th any member of his nest (or anyone
. Unless the Nagah takes special pains,
ear the conversation; the Gift's user
whisper" to one person at a time.
fren take this Gift to facilitate commu-
their non-vasuki nestmates.
em: The player must spend one Gnosis. For
‘ost of an additional Gnosis, the character may
ose to speak to all within "earshot" at once. This
Gift lasts for one scene. To speak to an unwilling
target, the Nagah must roll Charisma + Empathy,
difficulty of the target's Willpower.
© Sense of the Prey (Level Two) — As the
Ragabash Gift.
© Veil of the Wani (Level Two) — This Gift
allows the Nagah to erase the memory of her existence
from the minds of others. While those who have seen (or
fought) the wereserpent remember that an encounter of
some sort took place, they mistemember the exact
nature of the event, andtheir minds jump to any
O1 i ecessa der not to remember the
is. A Garou might remember
ike Wyrm-beast or a serpentine
spirit, even a vampire with the ability to change into a
serpent instead ofa bat, butitwould never cross his mind
that his encounter was actually with a wereserpent.
System: The player spends two Gnosis and rolls
Manipulation + Subterfuge against a difficulty equal to
the target's Perception +2. While only one success is
needed, with three or more successes the target forgets
the encounter entirely. The memory isn't blurred or
faded —it's completely removed from the target's mind.
© Blessings of Kali (Level Three) — This Gift
causes the wereserpent to develop natural armor and

73

weaponry. Ridges and sharp barbs of bone extend from
the Nagah's bony surfaces (skull, knuckles, elbows,
knees, spine), as well as her shoulders, making her
blows in hand-to-hand combat all the more lethal.
Furthermore, a series of heavy, bonelike plates forms
over the wereserpent's scaly hide, enhancing her natu-
ral defenses against most attacks.

System: The player spends one point of Gnosis
and one point of Rage, then rolls Stamina + Primal-
Urge to create the armor. The bony plates form over
the wereserpent's torso, arms and underbelly, adding
two dice to her soak pools. If the Nagah is in Azhi
Dahaka, Kali Dahaka or Vasuki form, the plates of
bone cover the entirety of the Nagah's hood as well.
The hooks and barbs extending from the bony surfaces
are extremely sharp, increasing the damage rating of
claw attacks to Strength +2. As with Garou claws, this
damage is aggravated. This armor doesn't affect the
Nagah's mobility. Nagah hoods run from the crown of
the head down to the middle of the back, so when
armored in this manner, wereserpents' vital organs are
granted the protection bonus from front and back, but
not from the sides. The Gift's effects last for a scene.

° Combat Healing (Level Three) — As the
Ahroun Gift.

¢ Pure Venom (Level Three) — In some cases,
the Nagah find themselves up against foes that are
particularly resistant to their venom. To ensure their
ty toadequately dispense justice to such foes, some
agah use this Gift, which adds an extra level of
supernatural potency to their venom.

System: The player simply spends a point of
Gnosis before making the attack roll to bite or spit
venom. If the next bite or spit attack hits, the Nagah's
venom bypasses ordinary resistances, among them the
Gift: Resist Toxin. (If the victim has no other defenses
against the poison, the difficulty to soak the venom's
damage is increased by 1.) Vampires take full damage
from Pure Venom, and even other walking dead take
half damage from the venom's supernaturally corro-
sive effects.

© Shield of the Dragon (Level Three) — This
Gift protects the Nagah from harsh environments.
The wereserpent's body adjusts to heat, cold, radia-
tion, disease and pressure. Electricity and fire still
cause damage if they are intense enough, but affecting
the Nagah with even these weapons is much harder.

System: The player expends one Gnosis point and
rolls Stamina + Survival against a difficulty of 7. With
even one success, all but the most inhospitable environ-
ments inflict no damage on the Nagah (though they're
still unpleasant), and fire and lighming do only bashing
damage. The effects last for the duration of the scene.

74

4


* Darting Fangs (Level Four) — Upon invoking
this Gift, the Nagah grows long, sharp barbs on her
arms. These barbs bear the same venom as the Nagah's
fangs and can be launched from her body. Only two of
these barbs grow, and the wereserpent may throw them
atopponents separately or simultaneously. This Gift is
normally reserved for any member of the Changing
Breeds that the wereserpents feel has earned the right
toa quick, painful death.

System: The character spends two Gnosis points
ro generate the deadly barbs. Each poisoned dart has
a vicious hook at the end, making it almost impos-
sible to remove without causing additional damage
{it takes a full action to remove the dart without
inflicting an additional unsoakable level of aggra-
vated damage). Each dart causes the Nagah's Strength
in aggravated damage upon impact and, if the attack
wounds the Nagah's opponent, the barb injects enough
venom to cause 7 dice of aggravated damage. The
venom of the barbs does not count against the Nagah's
usual reservoir.

© Gaze of the Serpent (Level Four) — The
Nagah can lock gazes with an opponent, petrifying her
with the intensity of her glare. An enemy under the
influence of this Gift is unable to take any actions save
to regenerate.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Intimi-
dation against the target's Willpower. Even one suc-
cess freezes the target with fear. The target could spend
hours or days frozen in this way, experiencing the
equivalent of a petit mal epileptic seizure. However, the
effects of this Gift last only until the target is distracted
(by, say, an attack). Once the target is disturbed
physically, he is freed from Gaze of the Serpent. This
Gift works against only one opponent ata time. Once
a target is struck by the Gift's power, he can't be
affected by it again until the next scene. Nagah often
use this Gift to aid in escaping from powerful foes; few
use it as a means of gaining advantage in combat.

* Swimming the Spirit River (Level Four) —
This Gift allows the Nagah to enter the spirit world
freely, regardless of the presence of his Ananta.

System: Upon learning this Gift, the Nagah may
step sideways as easily as Garou do. The effects of the
Gift are permanent.

° Breath of the Dragon Lords (Level Five) — The
wereserpent exhales huge gouts of scalding gases when
making use of this Gift. This deadly exhalation re-
sembles flames and causes aggravated damage to oppo-
nents, but can't actually cause materials to combust.

System: The player must make a successful Dex-
terity + Firearms roll for the Nagah to strike an oppo-
nent. The number of damage dice rolled is equal to the

wereserpent's Gnosis + 2. This damage is aggravated
and has an effective range of 20 feet. The Nagah can
breathe these mystical "flames" without restriction.

© Destroyer's Blessing (Level Five) — When
using this Gift, the Nagah sacrifices the use of her arms
to combat multiple opponents. The arms of the
wereserpent each split into three, each section becom-
ing the body and head of a king cobra. Each head is
autonomous and can attack of its own accord, though
all are under the will of the Nagah at all times.

System: The Nagah expends three Gnosis to
make the shift. Each head comes complete with enough
venom to inject one target, and each cobra must make
a separate attack roll in combat. Cutting away even
one of these serpents leaves a very serious wound on
the Nagah when the Gift wears off. This Gift lasts for
two turns plus one turn per additional point of Gnosis
the Nagah spends to trigger the Gift.

¢ Evading the Watchers (Level Five) — It does
not serve an assassin well to be announced. This Gift
cancels out the wereserpent's scent and allows him to
evade detection spells, danger sense and similar Gifts,
Disciplines and abilities. Nagah using this Gift can
neither be tracked nor anticipated. Time itself be-
comes cloudy where they're concerned, preventing
any sort of precognitive detection.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Stealth. Even
one success allows the Nagah to evade detection for the
remainder of the scene. Note that those checking the
Nagah will not get any kind of strong reading of any sort
and will default to whatever passes for "not dangerous."

Opponents have no chance of detecting the
wereserpent unless they have a higher Gnosis (or
Arete or level 5 or above Auspex, etc.), in which case
the Nagah rolls his Gnosis (difficulty 10 - successes on
the initial roll) and the opponent rolls Gnosis (or its
equivalent) against a target number of (10 - the differ-
ence in Gnosis scores). For example, if the Nagah has
a Gnosis of 7 and his opponent has a Gnosis of 9, the
opponent's target number is 8 (10 - 2). If the Nagah
takes any hostile action against an opponent, then the
Gift's effects are canceled as far as the threatened
person is concerned.

The Gift's effects last for one scene.

© Dance of Shiva (Level Six) — Lord Shiva, the
Destroyer, is frequently called Shiva Nataraja: Shiva,
Lord of the Dance. When the time comes for the world
to end, Shiva will dance and flame will consume every-
thing, preparing the world for the next cycle. This Gifi
grants the world a small taste of that destruction.

System: This Gift is usable only in Balaram form
As the Nagah begins the dance of destruction, the
player rolls Dexterity + Performance; the number o

Chapter Three: The First Skin 75

successes determines the destructive power and dura-
tion of the flames called forth by the dance. On the first
turn, the flames spread out ten yards from the character
in all directions (save up or down) and inflict four dice
of aggravated damage on anything they touch. Foreach
successive turn that the Nagah continues to dance
(provided that he earned enough successes), the radius
of the circle of flame doubles and the fire damage
increases by a die. For example, if a player obtains six
successes and his Nagah character is able to dance
uninterrupted forsix consecutive turns, on the sixth and
final turn the flames would inflict 11 dice of fire damage
on anything within 320 yards. If the Nagah stops the
dance for any reason, the fires are immediately doused,

The flames called forth by the Dance of Shiva are,
oddly enough, unable to harm anyone or anything that
is "truly pure of heart." However, supernatural deni-
zens of the World of Darkness who fit that description
are rarer than hen's teeth; not even the gentlest
Gurahl is likely to count as truly pure, much less the
most virtuous of vampires.

Zreed life
Zxlarare

The Gifts used by balaram Nagah tend to reflect
the self-discipline and cooperative abilities required to
work together as a nest. Many of them are spiritual
outgrowths of the meditative and body control disci-
plines practiced in India and Southeast Asia.

* Cold Blood (Level One) — Nagah use this odd
Gift to make their Balaram form cold-blooded. This
has several effects: the Nagah doesn't show up on
infrared scanners, he more readily passes fora vampire,
and he's capable of functioning in unusually hot envi-
ronments without suffering from heat stroke.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Stamina + Primal-Urge. Even one success allows
the wereserpent to make the change. The effect lasts
for a scene, or until the Nagah shifts form.

* Persuasion (Level One) — As the homid Gift.

¢ Prehensile Body (Level One) — This Gift
allows the Nagah to grasp objects or with her tail (or
catch them in her coils) about as easily as she could
with her hands.

System: Once the Nagah learns this Gift, its effects
are permanent. Simple acts (holding a staff, turning a
doorknob) areautomatic. Ifthere'sany question whether
the wereserpent could perform a particularly difficult
task (loading a gun, tying a cherry stem in a knot), the
player rolls Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 7).

© Self-Mastery (Level One) — As all effective
assassins must, the Nagah cultivate a profound degree

Peer aisciptine. This Gift lets them use that disci-

e to defend against mental attacks.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
lls Perception + Leadership, difficulty 8. For the rest
ifthe scene, the Nagah's Willpower — for the pur-
of defending against mental attacks or mind-
influencing powers only — increases by the number of
es (to a maximum of 10). If the mental chal-
lenge requires a resisted roll, the wereserpent adds a
number of dice to his pool equal to the number of his
successes. The Gift's effects last for one scene.

® Master the Body (Level Two) — Before the yogi
fan master the world outside of himself, he must first
fnaster his own body. This Gift allows the Nagah to
regulate bodily functions that are typically involuntary:
heartbeat, metabolic rate, urine formation and others. In
sddition to allowing the Nagah to ignore wound penal-
fies, this Gift also grants him the ability to entera form of
juspended animation. By taking control of his metabolic
ate, forexample, the wereserpent can survive withoutair
several times longer than would otherwise be possible. By
ronsciously controlling the rate of sweat and urine pro-
juction, the Nagah can prevent himself from dehydrat-
ng if he doesn't have access to water.

System: The playerspends one Willpowerpointfor
the Nagah to take control of his body's involuntary
ystems for a scene. By spending a Gnosis point in
iddition to the Willpower, the Nagah has control for
wenty-four hours.

* Subtle Serpent (Level Two) —This Gift makes
he Balaram's voice beautiful, easy to listen to and
trangely compelling, allowing her to be extremely
jonvincing.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
olls Manipulation + Expression, difficulty ofthe target's
Villpower. Even one success means the wereserpent's
foice has taken on a soothing, hypnotic quality. For
he rest of the scene, the Balaram may ask "favors" of
ter target. These requests must be reasonable things
hat the target can do in one turn without endangering
tishealth or security. "Cover your eyes," "Try a bite of
his apple," and "May I see your gun?" are all permis-
ible requests, but "Help me rebuild this engine," and
Come to Pakistan with me," are not. Extreme requests
"Slash your wrists.") will jar the target out of the
rance, as will the threat of real and present danger.
‘he target may spend Willpower to cancel out suc-
esses on a one for one basis.

* Unexpected Venom (Level Two) — Nagah
enerally don't have fangs or access to their venom in
salaram form, but this Gift allows the wereserpent
oth. Not only do the fangs give him a secret advan-

tage, they also allow the Nagah to masquerade some-
what effectively as a vampire.

System: The player spends one Rage point and
rolls Stamina + Primal-Urge (difficulty 8). The first
success gives the character fangs and additional suc-
cesses each give the character one dose of venom, up
to the maximum of 3. At the Storyteller's discretion,
use of this Gift may only allow the Nagah one dose of
venom in Balaram form, simply because there's not a
lot of room in the human head for venom sacs and
associated structures. The Gift lasts until the Nagah
shapeshifts again.

¢ Fluid Grace (Level Three) — As the lupus Gift:
Catfeet.

* Pierce Illusion (Level Three) — The first step
in seeing through the Veil of Maya — the illusion of
the world in which all creatures are trapped — is
learning to discern the simpler illusions woven by mere
mortals (or mere vampires, as the case may be). This
Gift allows the Nagah to determine what is real and
what is illusory, as well as what the illusion is hiding,
if anything.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point. For the
test of the scene, any time the Nagah comes into the
presence ofan illusion (mental or visual) the Storyteller
rolls his Perception + Alertness against a difficulty of 6.
Even one success reveals that an illusion is present.
Three successes indicate the rough location of an illu-
sion, although the Nagah is still unable to see precisely
what it is the illusion conceals. Five or more successes
give the Nagah some insight into the nature of the
illusion (whether it's a Gift, a mage's sorcery, a vampiric
power, etc.) and the illusion's creator. Only one roll per
illusion is permitted; the Storyteller doesn't roll every
turn that the Nagah is in the presence of a mind trick.

Once the Nagah is aware of the illusion and its
general location, the player may spend asecond Gnosis
point and make a Gnosis roll against a difficulty of the
creator's Manipulation + Expression. If the Nagah gets
a success, he may see through the illusion; three or
more successes allow the Nagah to extend the ability
to pierce the falsehood to his nestmates.

© Sang Froid (Level Three) — Nagah aren't the
most emotional individuals to begin with, but this Gift
grants them an extra measure of discipline. While this
Gift is in effect, the Nagah is practically immune to
powers of emotional control or any form of mind
control that works through the emotions.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point, and
for the rest of the scene the Nagah's enemies lose five
dice from any dice pools used for the purposes of using
emotion-affecting Gifts, Disciplines or other powers
on the Nagah. Those powers that work through direct

Chapter Three: The First Skin 77

control still function normally. For the duration of this
Gift, the Nagah cannot regain Rage.

* Being One (Level Four) — Members of a nest
have extremely close ties to one another; they share
their lives together. This Gift allows them to share
everything, including thoughts, perceptions and physi-
cal abilities. It also allows two or three Nagah to share
perceptions, thereby effectively functioning in mul-
tiple places at once. Balaram often use this Gift to
establish perfect communication during a hunt.

System: The player spends 1 Gnosis point.atid"
rolls Stamina + Enigmas. A telepathic connecti
immediately made to the Nagah's chosen rs

regardless of the distance between them, a1
sense what the other senses. Each success
wereserpent to lend one dot of a Me
Attribute, one dot of a Knowledge o:
(The lender loses access to any lent traits w!
Gift is in effect.) Two nestmates may aida third if both
know this Gift, or if one of them 6pts channel points
from himself anda willing lendér to theteceiver. Ifone
Nagah is doing all the worky his player must spend 3
Gnosis points before making the roll.

The Gift's effects last for gne scene, or until the
Gift user decides to terminatethe connection. Nagah
cannot use this Gift to contaet or assist anyone bur
actual nestmate, not even é6ther Nagah.

° Spirit Ward (Level Four) — As the ho!
Balaram learn this Gift from the Wani in or
deter unwanted attention from outside spit

* Kundalini (Level Five) — The T,
of Indiaallude toaserpentofenergy call
that resides at the base of the spine
body's energy, the Kundalini rises thro
of power in the body called chakras.
Kundalini to a particular chakra, th
channel his body's energy isa variety of pow

System: The player spends one Gno:
chakra level and rolls Intelligence + Eni
culty 6). The Nagah spends one turn per cl L
forming breathing exercises to raise the Kundalii t
the chosen chakra. Raising the Kundalini to
Muladhara requires only 1 turn of controlled breathing
while raising it to the Sahasrara requires 7 turns of
meditation and breath control.

The Muladhara, or root chakra controls the will to
survive. Raising energy to the Muladhara grants the
Nagah a number of additional Bruised health levels
equal to his successes.

The Swadhishthana or hara chakra controls vital-
ity. By raising energy to the Swadhishthana, the
wereserpent purges his body of all disease, all unwel-
comespirits and all foreign poisons and simultaneously

78

heals a number of health levels (including aggravated
ones) equal to the number of successes received on the'
Kundalini roll.

The Manipura or solar plexus chakra controls raw
emotional energy. Raising energy to the Manipura
grants the Nagah a number of Rage points equal to his
successes on the Kundalini roll.

The Anahata or heart chakra controls love and
compassion for humanity. Energy raised to the Anahata
chakra causes the wereserpent to radiate a strong sense
of love and tranquility. Those within line-of-sight of
the Nagah must roll their Willpower against a target of
8.and geét!more successes than the Nagah got on his

‘Kunda to think or act in any hostile manner

dha or throat chakra controls creativ-
nce. Raising the Kundalini to the
the wereserpent to hear and under-
and words within a ten-foot radius.
Others..do now they are being heard and the
Nagah may; minds for more deeply hidden infor-
esires.

¢ brow chakra controls intuition and
Bringing the Kundalini up to the Ajna
Nagah to know everything that pertains to
and by extension his nest) within his line of sight.
ts are revealed, illusions fall away and clarity
iumphs. Sweet-talking enemies are exposed for what
they are, and the true forms and natures of all around
are made manifest to the wereserpent.

The Sahasrara or crown chakra controls transcen-
dence, superconsciousness and the spiritual will to be,
Raising the Kundalini to this chakra allows the Nagah
to briefly attain a state of cosmic consciousness during
which he can get the answer to any one question he
may have (subject to Storyteller's discretion).

This Gift's effects last for one scene. Regardless of

the level of chakra reached, the Nagah may perform
this Gift no more than oncé per week.
There Is No Body (Level Five) — By seeing
‘illusion of causality, the Balaram is able te
him nits concomitant limitations. Specifi-
cally, this Gift renders the Nagah incorporeal. For the
duration of this Gift, the body of the Balaram (and any
dedicated items) is not affected by the physical worlé
in any way he does not choose to be affected. Bullets
claws and fire pass right through him; likewise, hi:
body passes through walls and other physical items a:
though they weren't there.

System: The player spends three Gnosis point:
and makes a Perception + Enigmas roll against <
difficulty of 7. Each success allows the wereserpent tc
remain intangible for two turns. This Gift does not

Nagah

protect against powers that can affect the immaterial,
such as spirit magic.

M4

Ahi, the offspring of two Nagah, do not suffer from
either discrimination or from physical deformities as
Garou metis do. They do tend to have a pronounced
spiritual nature, however, that links them more strongly
than the other two breeds to water and the chaos of
storms. They also have seem to have insights into the
larger picture, especially as it concerns the Triat. =

* Bones as Coils (Level One) — As the
Spiral Dancer Gift: Rathead (Werewolf, pg. 273,
Gift effectively makes the Nagah a master esc

Weaver Sense (Level One) — Through ca
examination of a person or a place, the > ain may det

the ordering hand of the Weaver at wi tharac-
tterns
of re there

ter mystically discerns whether
where there should be randomness,
should be chaos and if the degree 6f or iggests some
form of actionable imbalance,n paroles, this Gift
allows the ahi to see Weaver'spirits on the other side
of the Gauntlet. ; wy

System: The player rolls Petception + Enigmas,

difficulty of (12 - the local Gauntlet). Success indicates
that the ahi is able to dere efhanations of the Wear

the Weaver. Truly a § i hs
disorient the Nagah, at the Storyteller's

Gift's effects last as long as the ahi is willing to.
trate on her perceptions.

ing on ascene ora person, the wereserp
the presence of the Wyld and things or p
unbalanced toward chaos, creation or p!
gies, including magic and spiritual fore
Gnosis. It also reveals powerful passion:
anger and hatred in mortals.

System: The player rolls Perception +
(difficulty of the local Gauntlet). Success indic:
that the ahi can detect the presence and strength of
Wyld emanations; enough successes may, at the
Storyteller's discretion, permit the ahi to "see" high
amounts of Wyld-related energies in other beings
(such as mental instability, high levels of Gnosis, and
soon). The ahi may also "peek" into the Umbra for the
purposes of seeing Wyld-spirits and energies. As with
Weaver Sense, this Gift can be highly distracting,
even overwhelming, in areas of powerful Wyld energy
such as Wyldings. The perceptions last for as long as
the ahi concentrates.

© Wyrm Sense (Level One) — This Gift attunes
the ahi to the presence of the Wyrm in all its forms,
corrupt and otherwise. Banes, fomori, vampires and
other creatures of supernatural Wyrm-taint become
glaringly obvious to the ahi.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas
(difficulty of the local Gauntlet). The Gift reveals the
presence of obvious Wyrm energies, although enough
successes can reveal much more subtle traces of corrup-
tion and decay, such as structural weaknesses in a
building or a tumor in a person. The character may

chose to observe the other side of the Gauntlet,

¥ Wyrmish spirits and constructs become pain-
is, The Gift lasts for as long as the ahi is
ntrate.

a (Level Two) — Surya, the face
d among the Nagah for the warmth
cold blood. The ahi may call upon
face, bringing his light where it is
Nagah are said to have originally
om the Mokolé, although their lack
to Helios makes it less effective in

e player spends a Gnosis point and

nce + Occult against difficulty 6. The

ast for one turn plus one additional turn for
additional Gnosis point spent.

juccesses Effects

1 Illuminate dark area with ambient light

2 Sun pierces clouds or trees with enough
brightness to illuminate targets and injure
vampires.

3 Sun's rays are as strong through water,
glass, clouds or tree cover as through per-
fectly clear sky.

4 Sun's rays can light fires or bring heat when

it is cold or appear inside windowless build-

ing or underground during the daytime

Sun shines eyen at night

Fenris Gift.

° Call the Tides (Level Three) — In Indian
myth, the snake-shifters were credited with the ability
to cause floods or droughts. This Gift grants the
wereserpent control over the rise and fall of the tides.

System: The Nagah must be in sight of a tidal body
of water (ocean, sea, river estuary). The player then
makes a Gnosis roll, difficulty 8. The number of suc-
cesses determines the result:

Chapter Three: The First Skin 79

Successes Effects

iD Tides come in or go out twice as fast as usual

2 Tides can be reversed, coming in when
they should be going out and vice versa.

3 High orlowtidecan be brought in one scene

4 Unusual tides (spring tide or neap tide)
can be brought in one scene

5+ Freakish tides (heavy waves, forexample)

can occur in one scene.

* Command Water Spirit (Level Three) — As
the Uktena Gift: Call Elemental, save that only water-
spirits may be called. The Nagah must have a natural
water source such as a river or a lake. The water-spirit
(invariably a servant of the Wani) will move water,
dampen a foe or short out a power system at the
wereserpent's command.

¢ Rapture of the Deep (Level Three) — This Gift
combines the Nagah's connection to water with their
skills at illusion. With but a stare, a Nagah can instill a
strong desire in a target to enter any large body of water
nearby and swim as far out and down as possible.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
makes a contested Willpower roll with the target. If the
player wins, the target runs to the nearest large body of
water (at least the size of a small pond) and tries to swim
to the bottom. If the body of water is less than twenty
feet deep, the target will, in all likelihood, make it to the
bottomat which point he comes tohissenses. If this Gift
is used near very deep water, it can very easily result in
the target drowning, but if others can stop him (or ifhe
possesses some means to breathe water) he may survive.
The effect lasts for 10 tums plus one turn for every net
success on the contested Willpower roll.

¢ Throat Snake (Level Four) — Through the use
of this Gift, the Nagah may transform his tongue into
a delicate foot-long pink-scaled snake that resides in
his throat. The Nagah senses everything the smaller
snake senses, so the throatsnake can perform recon:
naissance work for the Nagah by crawling through
tight spaces where the wereserpent cannot go. Alter:
natively, the throat snake can be the bearer of the
wereserpent's venom, biting an enemy who was muck
too concerned with larger threats.

So longas the throat snake is extant, the Nagah i:
incapable of speech. When the throatsnake has done
its work, it crawls back into the Nagah's mouth anc
becomes his tongue once more.

System: The player spends 2 Rage points and roll
Dexterity + Primal-Urge. If the roll is successful, thi
throat snake detaches, possessing one health level fo
each success. For purposes of combat, the throat snak:
has Strength 1, Stamina 2, Dexterity 5, Brawl 2, Dodg

5. The throat snake possesses one dose of
's venom, Which is taken from the Nagah's
if the Nagah has used all his venom
king this Gift, the throat snake has no
its own. If the throat snake is killed, the
mmediately takes two levels of aggravated

cannot speak until that damage is healed.
ool (Level Four) — This Gift allows the

swimming pool. Depending on the size of the
itcan suck down anything from people to boats.
stem: The player spends a Gnosis point and
her permanent Gnosis (difficulty 7).
s Effect
5' diameter, large enough to suck down
a human.
10' diameter, large enough to suck down
a Garou in Crinos form.
20° diameter, large enough to suck down
dinghies and similar craft.
50' diameter, large enough to suck down
medium boats.
* Force Balance (Level Five) — Use of this
| Gift brings the members of the Triat into
ious balance in a place. This Gift summons
werful spirits representing the healthiest aspects of
Triat who then work in unison to place the site
ck into balance. Note that balance does not indicate
state of affairs that people, shapeshifters or even the
fer of the Gift will necessarily prefer — it simply
eans that the Triat is in healthy balance in a place.
fsually, this means that whoever had control of the
jace prior to this Gift being used will be very angry as
tars (if not decades) of proprietary work are undone.
System: The player spends three Gnosis points
adrolls Intelligence + Enigmas against a difficulty of
ye Gauntlet or (12 - Gauntlet), whichever is higher.
fyrm, Weaver and Wyld spirits converge to put the
te into balance. The number of successes determines
ie speed of the transformation as well as how strong
1e "gyroscope" effect is in preventing the place from
*coming unbalanced again. This Gift can be used no
ore than once a week.
uccesses Effect
The process begins and is somewhat weak.
Complete balance of the site will takenearly
six months, and mundane forces that try to
stop the balance could do so. Returning the
site to an unbalanced condition will not
require much effort.
The effects of the Gift proceed far faster than
they would otherwise. Balance returns to the

site within three months. Gafflings don't
have the power to stop or reverse the process,
although Jagglings or greater spirits could doso.

3 The site effectively has a new spirit. The

place is imbued with a sense of balance that
would require the attention of several strong
Jagglings, shapeshifters or similarly powerful
creatures to undo. Under mundane condi-
tions, the place will remain balanced for at
least ten years.

4 Change wreaks havocon theplace foraweek,

at the end of which the place is balanced.
Powerful outside influence (an Incarna ava-
tar, a horde of Jagglings, the efforts of
shapeshifter elders) can still prevent the pro-
cess, but otherwise, the place attains balance
and will remain in balance forarleast fifty years.

5 Everything old is new again, and it takes less

than twenty-four hours. Any creature (includ-
ing random spirits not part of the balancing
effort) caught in the unfolding storm of order
takes one health level of aggravated damage
every hour as the primordial forces at work try
touse her as raw materials for the new harmo-
niousstate. Only creatures of Incarnaorsimilar
level can actually stop the process of restoring
the balance, and without actual interference,
the site remains balanced for at least one hun-
dred years.

6 Ie's like watching time-lapse photography. In
the space of ten minutes, the site transforms
from anightmare into a balanced and sustain-
ablesystem. Any creature caught in the trans:
formation storm takes five levels ofaggravatec
damage every tum as the balancing proces:
incorporates him into the new system. Only
the direct intervention of an Incamna or th«
like can stop the Gift's effects before comple
tion. Undermundanecondition, thesite wouk
requirea thousand years for ittoslipagainsofa
out of balance:

© Child of Storms (Level Five) — Through thi
powerful Gift, the Nagah reclaims his place as th
spiritual child of the Wani. The wereserpent surren
ders his physical form and becomes the storm itsel!
directing the wind and waters where he chooses.

System: The player spends three points each ¢

Gnosis, Rage and Willpower to effect the transformz

tion. In this form, the Nagah has no physical body; h

effectively becomes a force of wind and rain. While i

his weather-form, the ahi can direct winds of up to 5

mph, rain, hail or snow. The Nagah may also lash ov

with lightning once every three turns; he requires

Chapter Three: The First Skin 8

Gnosis roll to hit a target, who takes 10 dice of aggra-
vated damage. Only weather-controlling powers can
avert the Nagah-turned-storm, and they may in fact
damage him depending on their strength. The Gift's
effects last for five turns per point of the ahi's permanent
Rage, Gnosis or Willpower, whichever is lower.

Catoks

The serpent-breed Nagah have powers that derive
from their heritage, replicating or enhancing the natu-
ral powers of serpents — or the powers attributed to
snakes by legend.

© Death Rattle (Level One) — The sound of a
rattlesnake's rattle is disturbing on a subconscious level,
and wereserpents can capitalize on that fact. The Nagah
using this Gift grows a rattle (if she doesn't already have
one), and may mystically charge the sound it makes to
unnerve and distract opponents who cannot see her.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Manipulation + Intimidation. For every success
on that roll, the Nagah can assign a-1 modifier to one
of her target's actions sometime before the end of the
scene. The wereserpent shakes her rattle prior to the
action she wants to disrupt and the player informs the
Storyteller how many of the successes she wants to
assign to disrupting her target's next action. The
Nagah need not use up all her successes at once; she
can parcel out -1 modifiers as she chooses.

For example, a Nagah who gets four successes on
the Manipulation + Intimidation roll can rattle four
times over the course of the scene to assign 4 separate
-1 modifiers. She could also rattle twice to assign 2 -2
modifiers, rattle once vigorously to give her chosen
target a -4 modifier on one action, or any other
combination. Unused successes are lost at the end of
the scene. This Gift ceases to work once the target
knows where the wereserpent is; however, the vasuki
could choose to affect a different opponent who still
didn't know her whereabouts.

© River's Gift (Level One) — This Gift allows a
Nagah in Balaram, Silkaram, Azhi Dahaka or Vasuki
form to breathe water and air interchangeably.

System: The player spends one Rage point and
rolls Stamina + Primal-Urge. In Silkaram, Azhi Dahaka
and Vasuki form, the change requires only 1 success; in
Balaram it requires 2. The Gift lasts for a scene.

© Sense Vibration (Level One) — Snakes do not
have ears, but they do havea very keen vibrational sense
that allows them to sense the approach of potential prey
(or predators). This Gift enhances that sense, allowing
the vasuki to detect even tiny changes in air pressure.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Perception + Alertness; the effects last forascene.

Theserpentcan discern ground vibration and miniscule
changes in air pressure at a distance of one hundred
feet per success, both horizontally and vertically (soa
Nagah using this Gift and getting two successes could
sense digging two hundred feet beneath her). This Gift
lets the Nagah know such things as the size of an
object, how many there are, which way it's going and
how fast it's traveling. This Gift is not affected by any
manner of invisibility or inaudibility; an invisible,
inaudible three hundred pound Garou still makes the
earth shake a bit with every step, and that is what this
Gift allows the Nagah to sense.

This Gift is usable only in relatively quiet areas,
Cities and most modern buildings contain too much
random noise and vibration. While the wereserpent
can still use this Gift in such locales, doing so quarters
the Gift's effective range. Any sort of concussion (gun
shots, fireworks, concussion grenades) will cause in-
tense pain to a wereserpent using this Gift, effectively
"deafening" her to vibration for the rest of the scene
and inflicting one level of bashing damage to the
snake's pressure sensitive membranes.

* Treesnake's Blessing (Level One) — Many
species of snakes are excellent climbers. This Gift
allows the Nagah to take advantage of that heritage to
climb trees, cliffs and even walls.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Dexterity + Athletics. For the rest of the scene,
the wereserpent's climbing speed is equal to his crawl-
ing speed multiplied by the number of successes on
the roll.

* Command Snakes (Level Two) — Vasuki use
this Gift to summon the aid of their serpent cousins.
The type of snakes that answer the call varies from
region to region. Most are not venomous, although
there are certain places — notably India, Australia,
the tropical oceans and the American West and South-
west — where a large number of venomous snakes will
respond. Obviously, this Gift does not work in places
where there are no active snakes, including Ireland.

The vasuki cannot communicate with the sum-
moned serpents, although they will react aggressively
to any target that the Nagah is threatening. Most
snakes cover ground relatively slowly, so unless the
wereserpent knows that he's neara nest of snakes, he'd
do well to do his summoning a little ahead of when he
needs assistance.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Charisma + Animal Ken. One success indicates
that only a few animals show up. With three successes
the Nagah has summoned around thirty snakes of
different varieties. With five successes, the Nagah has
summoned a slithering swarm of snakes, many of

82 Nagah

which are probably venomous. The snakes remain for
the scene, or until the vasuki wills the Gift to end, at
which point they return to their own territories.

© Herpetophobia (Level Two) — Nagah using
this Gift afflict victims with a powerful irrational fear
of snakes. The victim reacts with extreme fear and
revulsion toward the snake, and will attack or flee from
any snake he encounters while under the Gift's influ-
ence. Naturally, the size and behavior of the snake will
have some influence on his reaction.

System: The player spends one Rage point and
rolls Manipulation + Intimidation, difficulty 7; the
target resists with Willpower, difficulty 7. The dura-
tion of the fear is one day per success for mortals, one
hour per success for "mostly human" supernaturals
such as mages, or one turn per success in the case of
shapeshifters, vampires or other inhuman creatures.
Victims may spend Willpower to fight the fear, but
only for a turn at a time. Affected characters flee the
presence of snakes if they can, and lose two dice on any
actions involving the snakes themselves. Targets who
are already herpetophobic may go catatonic with fear.

¢ Lightning Strike (Level Two) — As the Ahroun
Gift: Spirit of the Fray.

© Kitesnake (Level Three) — With this Gift, the
snake may shift around his body mass such that he is

Ne
mostly hood, with only a very thin bit of tail hanging
below. Any strong breeze is enough to sweep the
Nagah into the air, allowing, ifnot exactly flight, then
at least the ability to become airborne. This Gift has its
obvious dangers, but it may be the only means of
maintaining tabs on a target.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Primal-Urge
to manipulate the Nagah's body mass. One success will
make this Gift effective in the presence of a strong
wind while two or more let the snake take to the air in
the presence of even a minimal breeze.

Under calm weather conditions, the wereserpent
may exercise some small degree of control over which
direction she goes by angling her body this way or that,
but in the face of a strong wind, control is out of the
question. Should the wind give out altogether, the
snake may fold forward into something like a living
parachute to minimize landing damage. This Gift lasts
for one scene.

# Long Strike (Level Three) — Venomoussnakes
can typically strike from a distance half their body
length away; thus, asix-foot rattlesnake can effectively
strike a target three feet away. This Gift greatly in-
creases that distance, allowing the vasuki to launch his
entire body to strike an enemy who believes himself to
be out of harm's way.

Chapter Three: The First Skin 83

System: The player spends a Rage point and rolls
Dexterity + Brawl. Each success doubles the distance
from which the Nagah can strike. So, a six-foot Vasuki
with asingle success could strike a target six feet away.
Two successes would allow him to strike an enemy
twelve feet away, and five successes would allow the
Nagah to come seemingly out of nowhere to strike an
opponent forty-eight feet away.
* Sidewind (Level Three) — The sidewinder
rattlesnake can move at amazing speed and with great
stealth. With this Gift, vasuki gain the ability to move
with a similar quiet rapidity.
System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Stamina + Athletics (difficulty 7) to activate this
Gift. While Sidewinding, the Nagah moves at ten
jormal_ land speed. The effects last for up to

allows a Naga in
throat of an unconscio

t cobra
ift. While

her "host" perceives.
Having a snake coiled!
pletely rids the host of any a
her slightly. The host will be i
the situation and will grasp at
away the discomfort ("It must be
"Maybe I'm pregnant.").
System: The player spends a G
rolls Dexterity + Stealth. The target mu
scious; even a willing target will gag if the
crawling down his throat, preventing the
taking effect.
Once the wereserpent is in the host's stomach, he
may stay there for as many days as he received successes
on the roll, after which the stomach becomes too
irritated to hold the Nagah any longer, causing the host
to vomit him up. The Nagah may also choose to activate
the vomit reflex at any time to escape, or leave while the
host is asleep orunconscious without waking her. Nagah
using this Gift are unaffected by acid or any other
unpleasant elements of being in the host's stomach.
Storm Surge (Level Four) — This Gift allows the
Nagah tosummona powerful storm surge to battera small
patch of coastline. The target area must abut a large body
of water like an ocean, asea ora very large lake. Once the
wereserpent summons the storm surge, he has only mini-
mal control over it, although he can specify a particular
building to be the focal point for the water's wrath.

one's stomach com:
e and may nauseate

he Nagah perceives what 4 skills extended beyond hi

Karnaktls

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and |
tolls Manipulation + Occult. The size of the resulting
storm surge is six feet times successes. A six foot storm
surge will drag away the unwary, break windows in
beach houses, pound boats to splinters and strand
vehicles while a thirty foot storm surge will flood
streets, knock out electricity and communications
lines, batter even sturdy buildings to rubble and wash
vehicles out to sea.

Once the wereserpent summons the surge, it takes
about twenty minutes for the full fury of the water to
build, after that it lasts about an hour, after which the
water subsides. Injudicious (i-e., gratuitously destruc-
tive) use of this Gift is punished by the Sesha.

's Well (Level Five) — Nagah are
i ject only three doses of venom before

. This Gift allows the vasuki
on, giving the wereserpent

(Level Five) 25 Takshaka
if te Na and his

was the greatest sha

z hift func-
tions as the Red Talons Gif of Lycaén, but
transforms humansinto serpents. " ift can also
force any Khurah i ro their animal form, not just
jarou or Nagah—Ananasi must take on Ctaylering,
uwisha ari to Latrani, and so on.

‘lier, the auspice of a Nagah does not
ir social role, merely their spiritual af-

less to do with specific tasks and more to do simply with
the season's influence.

The Kamakshi are in tune with spring's energies of
renewal and rebirth, and thus gain powers of peace and
healing — and reversing the path of healing.

© Ganga's Caress (Level One) — As the Theurge
Gift: Mother's Touch.

* Kind Death (Level One) — Nagah are assas-
sins, but they rarely harbor ill will toward those they
kill. This Gift allows a Nagah to ease the shock of dying
and send the spirit or soul of a dying or very recently
dead foe on to the best of whatever fates might await
it. In the case of a human, it prevents the target from
becoming a wraith ora vampire. In the case of Khurah,
it may negate any curses preventing the deceased from
rejoining Gaia. This Gift also prevents dying curses
and bad karma from affecting the Nagah.

84 Nagah

‘System: The Nagah must be within a stone's
ofthe victim and in line of sight. The player rolls
na + Empathy, difficulty of the dying or
d's Willpower. One success quells the pain of
and allows the target's soul to untangle itself
its body. Three successes prevent the Embrace
taking effect. The difficulty to lay any dying
ses, hexes or similar unpleasantness is increased by
ine for every success gained by the Kamakshi.
~ # Resist Pain (Level One) — As the Philodox Gift.
Bask (Level Two) — The heat and warmth of
sun are deeply soothing to the Nagah, and this Gift
the wereserpent to transform that warmth into
fidence and a powerful sense of purpose.
System: The player spends a Gnosis point. For the
st of the day, the Nagah regains one point of Will-
every uninterrupted hour he spends relaxing
the sun (preferably on a warm rock or ona
). This Gift works only on warm days and in
t sunlight.
* Calm (Level Two) — As the Children of
Gaia Gift.
© Serpent's Sting (Level Two) — There is no
er teacher than pain, and this Gift allows the
wwereserpent to teach some very harsh lessons. By
ising one target's sensitivity to pain a thousandfold,
"the Kamakshi is able to debilitate an opponent with-
"out resorting to more lethal means. It also does quite a
‘number on fleeing prey. This Gift is considered poten-
fially corrupting, and those whovuse it casually are
watched very closely for Wyrmish sympathies.
System: The Nagah must touch her target; the
player spends one Rage point and rolls Perception +
Medicine, difficulty 7. Success indicates that for the
rest of the scene, the target suffers double wound
penalties: The target loses two dice from his dice pools
at Hurt and Injured, four at Wounded and Mauled and
ten at Crippled.

* Assassin's Insistence (Level Three) — As natu-
ral assassins who study the healing arts, the Kamakshi are
doubly dangerous, not only for the harm they can inflict,
but for their knowledge of —and ability to undermine —
healing magics. This Gift prevents healing magic from
working, and may even cause the healer to inadvertently
harmher recipient. This Giftonly affects magic that heals
wounds; it does not prevent regeneration or magics that
cure disease or counteract poison. Kamakshi typically use
this Gift to counter the effects of Mother's Touch, Resist
Pain, mages' sorcery and, most recently, the healing
magics of wayward Imbued hunters. Kamakshi use this
Gift only in their role as Gaia's assassins or in direst self-
defense; in other circumstances is it considered to have
great potential to corrupt.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Intelligence + Medicine; the Nagah must touch
the target. Every success cancels out one success on the
next roll used to try healing the target. If the Nagah
gets more successes than the healer, then the healer's
target suffers the difference in health levels of bashing
damage. The Gift's effects last for the scene, or until
invoked by a healing attempt. After the first attempt
at healing the target, the Gift's effects are spent.

© Prevent Adharma (Level Three) — Adharma
means "wrong action" or "misstep." By use of this Gift,
the Nagah prevents a being from going against its nature
or its role in the universe. A Corax, therefore, could not
withhold information; a vampire could not refrain from
acting in accordance with its Beast, and a fellow Nagah
could not spare the life of a legitimate target.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
makesacontested Manipulation + Enigmas roll against
the target's Willpower. If the wereserpent succeeds,
the target is incapable of going against his dharma. A
being that is clearly acting against its nature immedi-
ately "comes to its senses" and stops doing whatever it
was doing. Likewise, beings that actively refrain from
following their dharma (e.g.,.a Garou who refuses to
shift from its breed form or an artist trying to be an
accountant), once more begin acting in accordance
with their place in the world.

There was a time when all beings had relatively
obvious dharmic paths and strove to followthem. That
is no longer the case. Most individuals in the modern
age have no idea what their role is in the grand scheme
of things, and they may nor actually have one, in
which case this Gift has no effect. On the other hand,
this Giftisextremely effective with creatures that have
aclearpath to follow (e.g., Kuei-jin, Risen, mummies).

Ideally, the Nagah should at least have a vague
idea of the target's dharma, otherwise it's impossible to
know what the effects of this Gift might be — and the
Wani and Sesha both look askance at such irrespon-
sible use of Gifts.

If the target of this Gift is a Storyteller character,
the Storyteller should decide just what the target's
dharma is. If the target is another character, the
Storyteller and the character should discuss what the
player thinks his character's dharma really is (though
the Storyteller retains final i

© Dazzle (Level Three) — As the Children of
Gaia Gift.

* Denial of Wellbeing (Level Four) — Greater
understanding of the way bodies mend using magic
grants insight into how an assassin might stop them
from doing so. Following up on the insights taught by
Assassin's Insistence, Nagah may learn to prevent

Chapter Three: The First Skin 85

even inherent healing. With a touch, this Gift pre-
vents another creature from regenerating or resisting
poison or disease.

System: The Nagah must first touch the intended
target. The player spends two Gnosis points and makes
a resisted Intelligence + Medicine roll against the
target's Gnosis (or Willpower -2 for creatures with no
Gnosis). Success halts the target's healing process
completely, and the victim also suffers a two-die diffi-
culty to resist diseases or poison (including Nagah
venom). Each success stops regeneration and other
healing (including Gifts) for one hour or until the Gift
is somehow nullified.

The Nagah must learn Assassin's Insistence before
she can learn Denial of Wellbeing.

© Suspend (Level Four) — A Nagah in Azhi
Dahakaand Kali Dahaka form can use this gift to unhinge
his jaw and swallow creatures up to the size of a Crinos
werewolf. Only quiescent creatures may be so swallowed.
As the creature is swallowed, it is covered with a thick
anaesthetic slime that paralyzes the creature. Once swal-
lowed, the creature entersa form ofsuspended animation.
Fire, physical force and even the ravages of time are kept
out so long as the creature remains encased in the
preservative slime within the Nagah.

When the wereserpent chooses, it reverses peri-
stalsis and disgorges the creature. The preservative
slime dries out and sloughs away in a few turns and the
creature returns to consciousness.

System: The character expends one Gnosis point
and rolls Stamina + Enigmas. The character needs at
least two successes: one to successfully swallow the
creature and one to suspend the creature's life properly.

Storing a man-sized creature in one's digestive
tract is extremely uncomfortable and precludes fight-
ing; consequently, Nagah are unlikely to use this Gift
except in extreme circumstances (saving a badly
wounded nest-mate until she can be healed, for ex-
ample). While suspending a target, the Nagah is down.
three dice on all Physical and Social rolls.

© Shed the Years (Level Five) — Snakes were
often considered to be manifestations of time. The
Nagah with this Gift is rather more like an incarnation
of the reversal of time. Once a year, when the Nagah
(or a nestmate) is undergoing the Samskara of Shed-
ding the Past (see page 93), this Gift may be performed
upon her, and along with her old skin, the wereserpent
sheds a number of years of physical aging as well. A
determined Nagah could return from senescence to
the prime of life in the space of a decade.

System: The playersacrifices one permanent Gnosis
point and rolls Stamina + Enigmas against a target
number of 7 (Stamina bonuses for form do not add to

this roll). Each success counteracts one month of aging
The Nagah's knowledge and memory are unaffected
bur the body loses any wrinkles, scars, long-term ill
nesses and the like gained during that period of time.

This Giftis usable only once a year when the targe
is molting.

© Surya's Radiance (Level Five) — As the Chil
dren of Gaia Gift: Halo of the Sun.

Kartikeya

The summer auspice grants an affinity with fire
warmth, vigor, inspiration and even some trickery.

© Brief Sensation (Level One) — This Gif
allows the Kartikeya to project an illusory sensatior
into the mind of her target. The illusion lasts only fo
a moment, can affect only one sense at a time, ani
cannot be very complicated. Still, the ability to invok
any small sensation from the smell of baking bread t
a hot flash to a brief shimmer of blue light is no smal
trick. Creative Nagah have used this Gift to evok
everything from the sound of a lover's voice to th
smell of the Wyrm.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point an:
rolls Wits + Subterfuge. The number of successe
indicates how many different brief hallucinations th
Nagah can cause over the course of the next scene
Certain sensations, like the feeling of the hairs stand
ing up on the back of one's neck, the shine of gold a
the smell of rotting meat can very effectively lea
people to or from a location.

° Eyes of the War God (Level One) — Th
Kartikeya draw their name from the god of war and th
son of Shiva, who had six faces and could never b
surprised. This Gift grants the Nagah an emulation
the war god's legendary perception.

System: The player must spend one Gnosis poin
and roll Wits + Alertness. If successful, the wereserpen
gains full vision extending 360 degrees for the scene'
duration. Furthermore, each success adds one die ti
any dice pool the Nagah uses to perceive enemies fo
the remainder of the scene.

© Scent of the True Form (Level One) — As th:
Philodox Gift.

Secret Serpent (Level Two) —As the Ragabasl
Gift: Blissful Ignorance.

° Forked Tongue (Level Two) —As the Ragabas!
Gift: Obscure the Truth.

¢ The Serpent's Voice (Level Two) — Thi
Kartikeya, more than any other Nagah, have a grea
love for song and euphonious sound. This Gift allow
the Kartikeya to imitate any sound he has heard with
perfect accuracy — sirens, gunshots, musical instru
ments, even conversations.

86 Naga

System: Once the Kartikeya has learned this Gift,
reproduce any sound he hears. This is not the
thing as voice imitation; the Nagah cannot
e in another's voice, only repeat the things
heard the imitated person say. If the Nagah is
he can create new combinations to form new
atences, but this tends to be choppy. The player must
Charisma + Performance if the intended audience
the voice very well or suspects a ruse.

_* Lance of the Summer Sun (Level Three) —
his Gift allows the Nagah to project a brilliant and
bolt of concentrated sunlight from his palm.
Mis bolt is extremely bright and hort enough to burn
firough fabric, sheetrock and wood.

a + Leadership, difficulty 7. The bolt of light

out from the Nagah's extended hand. Creatures

take damage from fire will take a number of aggra-

health levels of damage equal to the wereserpent's

decesses. Vampires take twice that amount.

* Might of the Mountain (Level Three) — As

the Get of Fenris Gift: Might of Thor.

* Blood Running Hot (Level Four) — As the

wun Gift: Stoking Fury's Furnace.

* Veil of Maya (Level Four) — As the Fianna

Phantasm.

© Hydra Warrior (Level Five) — This terrible Gift

allows the members of a nest to fuse into one enormous

and devastating snake monster. The resulting hydra
has one tail and as many arms

as the members

had separately, but beyond that, the shape of the hydra
is determined by the wills of those comprising it. Some
may have three separate trunks joined by a massive
prehensile tail, other hydras have taken the form of an
enormous Azhi Dahaka with six arms and three faceson
one head. Lethality is the only common denominator.

System: The player spends one point of Gnosis and
one point of Rage for each nestmate. When the Nagah
touch, they fuse together into an enormous multi-armed
destroyer with health levels equal to the sum of the
health levels of the nestmates plus one additional health
level for each success. The nestmate's Rage, Strength,
Dexterity and Stamina are all pooled while individual
members retain their separate Gnosis pools.

While in hydra form, members automatically ben-
efit from shared thoughts. Each Nagah may still act as
usual, although the form must move together. The nest
members must all be in Azhi Dahaka form and all
members must be willing to join the Hydra Warrior or
the Gift will not work.

¢ Jungle Snake's Hoodoo (Level Five) — This
Gift sends the target's mind into a waking dream
controlled by the Nagah. The wereserpent can use this
gift for purposes that are kind (letting a man see his
dead lover one last time), cruel (making a woman
believe she's covered with bugs thatare burrowing into
her skin) or utilitarian (getting the target to reenact
important conversations while talking aloud). While
the Nagah sets the
tone and nudges the

PRESCO

hallucination as he chooses, the setting and "players"

of this psychodramaare pulled from the target's uncon-
scious. Bad hallucinations make use of the target's
worst fears, while pleasant hallucinations draw on the
target's desires and pleasant memories. The Nagah
may even be able to watch the visions unfold.
System: The player spends two Gnosis points and
rolls Manipulation + Occult against a target number
equal to the victim's Willpower. Even a single success
sucks the target into delirium, but the wereserpent can't
see what's going on in the target's head. Two successes
allow the Nagah tosee about a quarter of what's happen-
ing. With three successes, the Kartikeya perceives about
half of the hallucination, while five successes show the
Nagah everything the target sees. Six or more successes
pull the wereserpent into the hallucination with the
target, allowing full participation, unless the
E avoid doing so, Wik

sas focus on psycho-
ht into a target's weaknesses.

Shadow Lord Gift: Seizing the.Edge.

* Predator's Patience (1
assassins must be able to wait for.
and sometimes in uncomfortable pi
allows the Kamsa to remain absolut
tended periods without cramping
The Nagah does not even appear to
easily be overlooked (or mistaken for
due to the total lack of motion. =

System: The player spends a Willpower pointand
rolls Stamina + Stealth. For each success the Nagah is
able to remain absolutely motionless for one hour.
Until he moves, attempts to see him in any but the best
lighting conditions are at +1 difficulty.

* Slayer's Eye (Level One) — As the Shadow
Lord Gift: Fatal Flaw.

* Forked Tongue (Level Two) —As the Ragabash
Gift: Obscure the Truth.

¢ Inattention to Detail (Level Two) — Targets
of this Gift lose focus, become preoccupied with day-
dreams and are largely oblivious to just about every-
thing. The target still notices glaringly obvious goings-
on, but even token stealth is enough to allow a small
army to slip past unnoticed.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge against the target's

° Executioner's Edge,(Level One) — As the,

Willpower. Each success allows the Nagah to drop the
target's Perception or Alertness by one dot for the
duration of the scene; the target cannot fall below
Perception 1 or Alertness 0.

© Staredown (Level Two) — As the homid Gift.

° Eye of the Cobra (Level Three) — As the
Galliard Gift.

* Smothering Question (Level Three) — There
are times when the Nagah need information and don't
have time to acquire it subtly. This Gift allows the
Kamsa to pose one very carefully phrased question to
a target and have the target answer the question with
the utmost honesty and thoroughness.

System: The player spends a Willpower point,
and rolls Manipulation + Intimidation in a contested
pthetarget's Willpower. The Nagah locks
stand asks the question. If the
the target can do nothing but

as though he's dtowning in
himselfisto answer

toa debilitating ;
interrogation. The question must
e the target understands.

ae Accused (Level Three) —To the
hunter who stalks her prey. A good
te: aits for the prey tocome to her. This Gift

~summonsthe Nagah's prey to her. By hissing quictly and

swaying hypnotically, the Kamsasets up asort of beacon
that calls her prey to her. As long as the wereserpent
maintains the hissing and alluring movement, the tar-
get will wander, somewhat dazed, right into to presence
of his summoner. Once the Nagah stops moving and
hissing, however, the spell is broken, the target comes te
his senses and probably flees. The Nagah must know the
target's name for this Gift to work.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Primal-
Urge (difficulty 7) to command her target to approach,
The target defends by rolling Willpower (difficulty 8),
Unless he gains more successes, the target entersa fugue-
like state and begins seeking out the Nagah, though all
he's consciously aware of is some deep-seated urge tc
follow a faint hissing sound (that others cannot hear) te
its source. This Gift will not work if the target is aware
of the wereserpent's presence, nor does it work ir
combat. The Gift's effects last only for a scene.

88 Nagah

__ © Doppleganger (Level Four) — As the Glass
Walker Gift.

_ * Open Wounds (Level Four) — As the Shadow
Lord Gift.

_ © Heartstrings (Level Five) — As the Galliard
‘Gift: Head Games.

© Undying Serpent (Level Five) —Nagah master
"assassins can not only negate their foe's attacks but
"undermine them by appearing to take the blow, only to
become stronger than before. A wereserpent using this
‘Gift is not wounded by his enemies' blows, but rather
"strengthened.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
‘rolls Dexterity + Enigmas. All damage delivered to the
\Nagah for the rest of the turn, up to the number of
"successesyais dded to his health levels instead of
Wit. Bashing damage heals bashifig
thal and. bashing a dam-

damage

{health levels
fade at the end of

rare particularly
and their Gifts reflect
‘their dete:

* Guided Strike (Level, One) — Some enemies
are more difficult to hit thamjothers. This Gift in-
creases the wereserpent's accuraéy,for one strike.

System: The player spends a Willpower point
and rolls the Nagah's Gnosis, difficulty, 8. For each
suecess, the Nagah gains one additionaledie on his
next roll ro hit his target.

® Iron Coils (Level One) —As ee ‘Silver Fang Gift:
Grasp of the Falcon, except this Gift affects the Nagah's
ability to catch an opponent in her coils raieethan! her
jaws. This Gift inflicts no extra damage, but escaping the
Nagah's constriction is all the more difficult.

© Wyrm Sense (Level One) — As the ahi Gift.

* Discern Weakness (Level Two) — As the
Philodox Gift: Weak Arm.

 Executioner's Privilege (Level Two) — As the
Get of Fenris Gift: Halt the Coward's Flight.

© Solidify Water (Level Two) — By touchinga body
of water, the Nagah can make large portions of it solidify.
The water doesn't freeze or change temperature — it
simply becomes solid, allowing the Nagah to walk across
itor take cover beneath it to escape pursuers. Fish or other
animals trapped in the solidified water do not die, but
rather enter a brief hibernation until the Gift wears off.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Intelligence + Occult; she may affect an area up

to 10 feet in radius for every success. Solidified water
possesses the hardness of glass and bullets will ricochet
from a large volume of the newly rigid material.

¢ Assassin's Strike (Level Three) — This Gift
allows the Nagah to disappear into the Umbra and
instantly reappear behind her opponent, The
wereserpent then attacks her victim from behind,
coolly exploiting the advantage of surprise.

System: No roll is necessary, but the character
must spend one Gnosis and one Rage. This Umbral
"leap" can be up to 50 feet as long as the victim is
within line of sight. If the Nagah chooses to attack
immediately, the strike is rolled at -2 difficulty; the
difficulty cannot be reduced below 4. This attack
cannot be dodged unless the victim is using a super-
natural ability:to heighten his perceptions.

* Destroying Blow (Level Three) — As the
Black Furies Gift: Coup dé\Grace.

® Indirect Strike (Level Three) — By means of
this Gift, the, Nagah concentratés.and converts his
yenom into an adorless, colorlessand nearly undetect-
able poison with which-he can coat blades, needles,
shards of glass or other sharp objects or insinuate into
food or drink. If a victim is damaged by the coated
object or consumes the poisoned food, she suffers the
full effects of the Nagah's venom.

System: The wereserpent milks his venom glands
and spends one Gnosis to distill the deadly, essence of
his venom and-one Gnosis for every day (beyond the
first) that he wants the venom to remain potent. If the
yenom is introduced into the victim's bloodstream or
eaten by the victim, the venom takes effect justas ifthe
Nagah had just bitten the victim.

The Nagah are hesitant to use this Gift because the
time delay increases the chances of the venom affecting
someone other than the target. Needless to say, killing
an innocent victim is considered the work of an incom-
petent assassin, and the Sesha frowns on such mishaps.

© Mindblock (Level Four) — As the Silver
Fangs Gift.

© Song of Winter (Level Four) — Asthe Wendigo
Gift: Chill of Early Frost.

© Magistrate's Icy Judgement (Level Five) — As
the Wendigo Gift: Heart of Ice.

© Mahanaga (Level Five) — While the Nagah
prefer to carry out their duties as stealthily and as
indirectly as possible, direct conflict is sometimes un-
avoidable. It occasionally comes to pass that the Nagah
must judge and punish offenders who are more powerful
than they can deal with even in Azhi Dahaka form. The
Wani teach wise and responsible Kali to take a form that

Chapter Three: The First Skin 8s

is again as powerful relative to the Azhi Dahaka form as
that form is to the Nagah's breed form.

‘When Mahanaga takes effect, the Nagah's battle
form becomes even more enormous and lethal; her
hood becomes wider, her natural armor becomes harder
and her scales take on the appearance of highly bur-
nished copper, gold and obsidian.

System: The Nagah must be in battle form. The
player spends one Gnosis and one Rage and rolls
Stamina + Primal Urge against a difficulty of 7. With
a successful roll, the player may increase Physical
Attributes above those of the Azhi Dahaka form by
spending Rage to increase Strength, Willpower to
increase Stamina and Gnosis to increase Dexterity.
The player may increase each Physical Attribute by up
to four points. The Attribute gains last for one scene.

Jamstkara (Fiat)

The Samskara (or rites) of the Nagah are notably
different from those of the Garou. The most dramatic
difference, of course, is that Nagah keep no caerns of
theirown, and therefore have no rites that might affect
acaern's disposition or fortunes. While the wereserpents
recognize the value of caerns and their necessity to
both Gaia and the Changing Breeds, and while the
wereserpents occasionally act to punish those whose
incompetence results in the loss of acaern, they do not
believe that it is their place ro create or use caerns.
Nagah move around too much to protect a single
caern, and their Samskara may be performed at a
variety of places that, while not charged like caerns,
are sacred to the wereserpents.

Without the need for caerns in the observance of
Samskara, Nagah are free to hold their rituals wher-
ever they choose. By far the most common setting for
a Nagah Samskara is neara river. An island in the river
is considered particularly auspicious, but Samskara
may be held on the banks of a river or, in some cases,
in the river itself. Other common sites for Nagah
rituals are deep in tropical jungle, surrounded by their
snake Kin, or in the heart of a desert, surrounded by
great sand dunes and little else. Nagah prefer to per-
form Samskara at night by the light of the moon.

While rites, to the Garou, are often a time of social
interaction, due to the nest structure most wereserpents
organize themselves into, the Nagah concern them-
selves much, much less with the social elements of
Samskara. The nest itself is the Nagas social life, and
performing Samskara together is an important element
of nest life. Samskara are considered private, and per-
forming them with anyone but one's own nestmates is
awkward and embarrassing at best. With the exception
of the Sesha conducting certain important rituals for a

90

nest, it is a rare and somewhat uncomfortable thing tor
more than one nest to perform Samskara together.

Proper performance of the Samskara are an impor-
tant element of virtuous living among the Nagah.
There is very little emotion shown during Samskara,
and they are exceedingly formal. Proper protocol and
spirit etiquette are valued highly. Each movement or
phrasing must be crisp and to the point. The core
demands of Nagah Samskara are elegance and parsi-
mony. Even if there is great emotion behind a rite, it
always remains seething beneath the surface. Allow-
ing raw emotion to flow out into a Samskara is consid-
ered an embarrassing breach of etiquette, though it is
not commented on beyond that.

Repetition of mystically resonant phrases called
mantras makes up a great deal of Nagah ritual. The
ritemaster repeats the mantras of a given ritual until
the words themselves lose meaning and hang in the
minds of the nest like ungrounded aural objects.

Since there are four auspices, and given that very
few nests have more than three members, no particular
auspice has the responsibility of being the ritemaster of
their nest. By frequency, Kamakshi fulfill the role of
titemaster in theirnest relatively more frequently than
the other auspices, followed by Kamsa, Kartikeya and,
lastly, Kali, who only rarely take the responsibility of
seeing to their nest's ritual needs.

Atonerment Sankara

Level One

Nagah are very cognizant of the spiritual dangers
of killing other beings. Not only is corruption a possi-
bility should the Nagah grow blind to the gravity of
taking life, but the Nagah is also more likely to suffer
from the personal spiritual consequences of killing.
This Samskara reminds the wereserpent of the signifi-
cance of death while granting the opportunity to
apologize to the victim and his quondam spirit allies.

The nest gathers and speaks a mantra enumerating
both the dangers and the necessity of killing. They
then make honest apologies to any spirits (including
wraiths) their actions may have offended. They take
special care to seek the forgiveness of the spirit allies of
their recent victims including spirits that were bound
to the victim, the victim's totem spirit and so on.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Rituals,
difficulty 7. Each success decreases by one die the
efficacy of any attack made by a victim's ghost or spirit
allies for the rest of the month.

Cilelirafion of Pitt Virow
Level One

While vasuki Nagah are almost always poisonous
from birth, balaram and ahi rarely have access to

Nagah

venom until their first change. This coming of age
ritual reaffirms the young wereserpent's new maturity
while acknowledging her nascent lethality.

Her sponsor, the Nagah responsible for bringing her
into Nagah society, brings the Nagah before the Sesha.
The sponsor brings along a trussed food animal, generally
alamb, but possibly a calfora young elk ordeer. While the
sponsor talks her through it, the new Nagah changes to
Azhi Dahaka form (sometimes Silkaram or Kali Dahaka,
but the easier battle form is the most common) and the
young Nagah bites the bound animal, injecting it with
venom. Once the animal is dead, all present assume Azhi
Dahaka form and help devour the animal to celebrate the
efficacy of the young wereserpent's venom.

There is also another, subtler reason for this
Samskara: to make sure the young Nagah is capable of
killing. A Nagah that cannot kill even a clear prey
animal will likely have serious difficulties carrying out
her duties to Gaia. She is not considered to have
successfully fulfilled this Samskara if she is unable to
kill when called to do so. If she is not capable of killing
the animal at the time of this Samskara, her sponsor
will coach her until she is capable of making an
appropriate kill without a second thought.

System: Before the Celebration of First Venom,
Nagahare noryet Rank 1. The Wani willnotteach any
Gifts until the young wereserpent has undergone the
Celebration of First Venom.

Savocation of the Spbett agenger
Level One

Communication between nests is no easy matter;
the Nagah must be certain that their messages travel
quickly and in utmost secrecy. This rite bypasses the
usual difficulty by summoning a spirit messenger in
service to the Wani (who may take any appropriate
form), who will bear a message to the nest of the
ritemaster's choice. This rite can even be used to
deliver messages to the Sesha, although the Sesha are
obviously not to be trifled with minor matters.

System: The roll is Charisma + Rituals, difficulty
7. The messenger arrives within ten minutes, and can
carry a short message to another nest anywhere on
Earth within the hour.

Rie of Bearing

Level One

WhenaNagah becomes pregnant by anotherNagah,
she intuitively knows ifher child will be ahi ornot. Ifher
child is not destined to be ahi, however, she must
determine which form she will take for the pregnancy.
This, in turn, determines whether she will give birth to
a human child (or children; twins are more common
than single births in these instances) or lay eggs that

91

hatch cobras (although the clutch tends to be smaller
than it would be if she had mated with a non-Nagah).
To ensure that her pregnancy will proceed in a healthy
fashion, the Nagah must perform the Rite of Bearing
Samskara within a week of conception. If she waits any
longer, the growing child will not have a true form of its
own, and is absorbed back into the Nagah's body.

In the company of her nest, under the light of the
moon, the pregnant Nagah chants a mantra that lists all
the strengths of the breed form she has chosen. Once she
has spoken the mantra enough that the words them-
selves have lost their meaning, she enters the river while
taking the form in which she intends to remain. The
river and the moon bless the mother's choice, and she
will not change form again until after she has laid her
eggs or given birth. In accordance with the Nagah laws
requiring balance, Nagah tend to choose human and
cobra forms equally (barringextenuating circumstances).

System: The Nagah's nestmate or nestmates are
the ones to actually perform this Samskara. If there are
two, one invokes a Lune while the other invokes a spirit
of the river, and both attempt to get their spirit to bless
the mother. If only one, the nestmate may invoke both
spirits, but the difficulty rises by one. If the mother must
perform the rite herself, the difficulty rises by two.

Those enacting the rite must roll Charisma +
Rituals, difficulty 6 (or 7 or 8, as denoted above). One
success indicates that the spirit(s) has been coaxed
into blessing the mother while further successes indi-
cate the relative strength of the blessings. The more
successes, the more likely the pregnancy and birth
proceed smoothly and easily.

Naginah who take human or cobra mates bear
children according to their breed form as usual, but
may also use this rite within a week of conception to
change their children's nature as if the father were also
Nagah. The difficulty, however, rises by one in addi-
tion to any other modifiers.

Litbing the Anarta

Level Two

Upon his release into the world, a young Nagah is
likely to receive his Ananta as a gift. This Samskara
takesa portion of the recipient's spirit energy and binds
it with portions of the spirit world's energy, shaping the
Ananta. Most nests have at least one member who
knows this rite, in case the Ananta of one of their own
is damaged or destroyed. The rite is a lengthy one,
often lasting hours, but is also relatively safe.

System: This rite can be performed only in the
Umbra. The ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals; the diffi-
culty is 8, or 7 if the Ananta to be gained is the
ritemaster's own. The ritemaster needs at least as many

92

ee:
Bm


successes as the number of Background points invested
inthe Ananta. If the ritemaster gains fewer successes,
the Ananta is simply smaller than planned, and the
excess Background or experience points are not lost.

Tittt Cory

Level Two

The completion of a Nagah's first assassination is
aglorious moment, and this Samskara is a celebration
of the Nagah's new station in life asa high-functioning
agent of Gaia's will. Typically, the nestmates of young
Nagah watch a first-time assassin very closely, moni-
toring her for signs of unease, hesitation, poor judge-
ment, sadism or excessive enjoyment of killing. Pro-
vided the mission went smoothly, the nest assembles.
and the new killer's nestmates list the things their
celebrated nestmate did properly and all the lessons
she learned from her first kill. Afterward, the nest
chants a mantra of celebration and thanks.

System: If the neophyte spent any Willpower
during the course of the assassination, she gets ir all
back during the observance of this Samskara.
Nethiodte

Level Two

Among the most serious Samskara observed by
Nagah, the nestbinding ritual binds two or three
wereserpents together into nestmates for life. The
three Nagah to be joined assemble before the local
Crown and exchange vows of friendship, protection,
mutual support and rigorous honesty. For the duration
of the nest's existence, the wereserpents bound by this
Samskara interact as close friends, as family, as team-
mates, as lovers, as reciprocal caretakers during molt-
ing, and as a highly skilled strike force of assassins.

The bond between the wereserpents of a nest runs
deep asitmust in orderto keep the nest together through
all it will go through over its organizational lifespan. It
is assumed that the members of a nest will, over time,
experience for each other every possible permutation of
friendship, love and respect. It is also assumed that the
members of anest will experience every possible permu-
tation of frustration, anger and resentment towards one
another, as anyone in an intimate relationship does.
The nestbinding Samskara helps assure that the bond
between the Nagah is stronger than the forces that may
challenge the integrity of the nest.

Nestbindings must be performed by the Crown of
an area, or in rare cases, by the Sesha.

Re of Auspletout Begloutog
Level Two

Whenanest beginsanew assignment, the ritemaster
leads them in a powerful rhythmic mantra that boosts

the nest's morale. While the exact contents of the
mantra vary from place to place, it always emphasizes
the Nagah's strength, discretion and cunning.

System: The ritemaster rolls Charisma + Rituals. If
the nest's morale is generally good, difficulty is 5. If the
nest seems largely neutral, the target number is 6, and if
the nest's morale is not good (if the last mission turned
out badly, for example), then the target number is 8. So
long as the ritemaster gains even a single success, each
member of the nest gains one extra temporary Will-
power point (even if this would take him above his
normal Willpower rating) for use sometime during the
course of the new mission. Should the ritemaster get 5
ormore successes, each member gets 2 Willpower points.
Ifthe excess Willpower is not spent in the course of duty,
it fades away on the assignment's completion.

Sitedding the Fath

Level One

Snakes molt, or shed their skins, once a year;
Nagah, even those who mostly remain in Balaram form,
do the same thing. Most Nagah prefer to molt in Vasuki
form, as molting in human form is particularly uncom-
fortable. The molting process takes several days, during
which time the molting wereserpent is seriously com-
promised; he is mostly deaf and blindas the skin over his
eyes and "ears" begins to come loose. During this time,
one of the Nagah's nestmates functions as a caretaker,
providing food for the molting wereserpent. The other
functions as the ritemaster, performing a prayer of
purification over the molting Nagah four times a day:
dawn, noon, dusk and midnight. The caretaker attends
to the molting nestmate's needs, bringing food, water
and anything else he may require. The caregiver is
prohibited from touching the molting Nagah, however.
That task belongs to the ritemaster and consists mainly
of helping the molting snake off with his old skin and
holding the molting serpent when he wakes from sleep
confused and unable to see or hear.

Molting is one of the sources of the Nagah's highly.
developed skills of cooperation and interdependence;
each wereserpent takes his turn being helpless and
taking care of his nestmates when the situation is
reversed. It teaches the members of a nest both respon-
sibility and trust.

Consideredamong the mostimportantofthe Nagah's
Samskara, Shedding the Past fulfils many functions. Most
importantly, it helps prevent the Nagah from becoming
beholden toany one memberof the Triat. This Samskara
actsasa personal Rite of Cleansing. Any excessive degree
of allegiance to any one member of the Triat is sloughed
off with the skin, presuming the Nagah is willing to ler go
of the affiliated energy.

Chapter Three: The First Skin 93

Furthermore, by examining the sloughed skin, the
Nagah's nestmates can determine which of the Triat,
if any, the wereserpent was becoming overbalanced
toward. If the Nagah was secretly beholden to the
Wyld, his skin reveals random chaotic markings in-
stead of the usually beautiful symmetrical markings.
The shed skin of a wereserpent with excessive loyalty
tothe Weaver, on the other hand, is overly precise and
symmetrical, having asterile, cold and almost techno-
logical appearance. The skin of a Nagah who symp:
thized with the Wyrm is both darker and more
than usual and somewhat slimy. By looking cl
anestmate's shed skin, the other two can eae.
into what kinds of imbalance they should
to over the course of the next year. A (Nagah
becomes imbalanced toward the same miember o
Triat two consecutive years is generally. wat vel
carefully by his nestmates and prevented ffot
further dealings with that member of the Triat.

Shedding the Ppast has notable Affects when the
Nagah shifts back to Balaram/ form/as well. Tattoos,
brands, sun tans, piercings ahd mést scars disappear,
leaving the Nagah's skin smooth and unblemished.

System: The ritemaster inyokes spirits of protec-
tion at dawn and dusk and spirits of purification at
noon and midnight for the séveral days of the mol i
process. Players who want an intense roleplayi
rience can roleplay the whole molting exp
alternatively the players can simply make
determine the outcome of the Samskara.

elements that have built up during thi
ritemaster rolls Charisma + Rituals to st

the molting snake. Each success cancel
cess earned by any enemy casting lo
beneficial magics (curses, possession,
thought control, ghouling or blood bond:
ings and similar effects). Any opponent:
successes will be the first to be unwoven the
the Nagah molts.

The second roll is to determine any Triat i
ance in the wereserpent. The ritemaster rolls Percep-
tion + Rituals to determine how capable he is of
carefully collecting and reading the sloughed skin of
his nestmate.

Thanks fo Rteer MT ofher
Level Two

By any of her names — Apsa, or her lesser names
of Euphrates, Tigris, Ganga, Congo, Nile, Amazonas,
Mississippi — the River Mother is the serpent folk's
kindest benefactor. Not only does she give succor to

94

the wereserpents, but she is also the Nagah's link tothe'
Wani. For these things and more, the wereserpents,
frequently gather to thank her. This Samskara is also
performed before setting up an Ananta in a new river.

System: The nest assembles on the banks ofa river

and speaks mantras of praise, thanks and love to the
River Mother.

Narlng fhe Targa
Level Three

Among the more mystic Samskara, Naming the
Target isperformed when the nest is ready to perform its
assination. Once all the business from the last
put behind them, the Nagah gather
a dark room, join hands and speak an
of invocation to the Wani. When
ed, the Wani are able to grant infor-
id flashes of insight into the nest'snext

targe' Samskara also discloses the target's
trans; t Gaia, his whereabouts and possi-
bly o1 vant to the Nagah's inquiry.

ie nest gathers and all members roll
ituals, difficulty 7, adding all successes
ccesses reveal the target's name and 2
f her face. With sevensuccesses, the Wani
insight into the target's whereabouts. Nine
es also reveal the nature of the target's transgres
on. If the nest gets twelve or more successes, the Wan:
ay add particularly juicy tidbits of information — the
target's exact whereabouts, full identity, the precis
nature of her transgression, frequent travel routes, com
mon allies or other random bits of information that wil
help the Nagah successfully complete the assignment

Pinkthlag the lnproper Strike

Level Three

The wereserpents take their calling extremel:
seriously. They have been given a remarkable amoun
of power to kill, and the Wai expect the Nagah to us
at power responsibly. se of the Nagah's power
ie wrong individual, is con
ence and a grave offense t
nts have a certain latitude in th
execution of rthetr duties, but any Nagah who kills th
wrong target while allowing the real target escap
more than once will be punished.

The Sesha waits until the nest returns, at whic!
point they make their accusations. The offendin
wereserpent is given the opportunity to introduc
mitigating circumstances. The nest of the accused j
expected to defend their nestmate — given the close
knit nature of Nagah nests, it would be odd for them t
do otherwise. If the accused is acquitted, he is free t
go, though his future performance will be scrutinize<

Nagah

defendant is found guilty of two or more
rassassinations, a circle is branded over his heart,
ve of where the spear will go should he repeat his
The circle brand is an emblem of incompetence
s the one who wears it as a figure of pity and
The most difficult aspect of coping with the
the disgrace it brings to'a wereserpent's nest.

rem: Nagah having no formal Renown system,
no real game effects of this punishment.
r, everyone the Nagah associates with, from
/ani's brood to his own nest, will treat him a:

tmates in "eetadlona of Gai:
isnothing to be done but follows
in hopes that the nest maybe re
of the wheel. Sati is a ritualized
be performed by a Nagah who has, firstly, lost both
i le carrying out their

thenestwas involved imvat the time of the deaths.
rite isfrowned upon in the modern day, as they

‘mantras, but is performed in peeks
surviving Nagah first performs Shraddl
‘nestmates. Once those rites are finish

fiver once the pyre has finished
wereserpent lights the pyre and while i
climbs to the top of the pyre and enters:
meditation wherein he focuses on seekit

of his lost nestmates. The Nagah's soul i
leave his body before the flames even get ne
System: The Nagah rolls Perception + Ritua
enters a trance focusing on rejoining his nestmate

long as the wereserpent gains at least one success, he is ~

able to transcend his flesh before he even feelsthe warmth
of the flames. Barring unusual circumstances, three suc-
cesses are generally enough to allow the Nagah todiscem
where the souls of his nestmates have gone, and five
successes, while no guarantee, facilitate his spirit return-
ing as near to thase of his nestmates as fate can manage.

Siwatilta (Pat for tha Duh)
Level Three

The close-knit nature of Nagah nests makes losing
a member almost unbearably painful. It is as if the

ee

surviving nestmates have lost a lover, a sibling and a
best friend in one individual. For that reason, it hap-
pens more often than not that if one member of a nest
dies in the line of duty, the other two will fight all the
more relentlessly, hoping to avenge their nestmate or
die in the attempt. The Shraddha, or Nagah rite for the
dead, is one of the more emotionally charged of all the
Nagah Samskara. An outsider, however, would never
know that.
The Shraddha is ideally performed by the two
surviving members of a nest, although it can be done
by ne, if both of the other nestmates have been
gh in such cases the Shraddha is almost
d immediately by the survivor's Sati.
's at the head of the deceased in
ile the other is coiled in Vasuki form
feet. The human-skin Nagah quietly

a of loss while the Vasuki softly

antra translates loosely, as "The

gone."
tra has been repeated until the
their meaning, the two deliver the
brace of the river and immediately turn
as not to prolong what is thereby for-
d. This is the one Samskara where Nagah
ly allowed to show emotion, but are encour-
‘0 do so, up to the moment the body is placed in

e river.

Nagah residing in desert climes may take the body
instead to a canyon and drop it in or build adakhma or
"cower of silence" upon which the body is left exposed
for the elements and carrion birds. In other places, the
body may be placed ona pyre and burned. The specifics
vary, but the essence of the Samskara does not.

System: The intent of Shraddha is to experience
all of the grief, sadness and loss over the deceased
nestmate in one powerful moment of catharsis. By
experiencing the grief as fully as possible in the mo-
ment, the Nagah believ that they are more easily
le ushering out the soul of
" of emotion that will both

er until her next incarnation. As

Garou's Gathering for the Departed, Shraddha

is likely to make it easier to contact the spirit through
the Ancestors Background. Barring extraordinary cir-
cumstances, however, doing so is considered problem-
atic, as it suggests that the survivors maintain an
unhealthy connection to the deceased.

Condfuslon
Level Four

The conclusion Samskara is held after completing
an assassination as a means of reviewing why the death

Chapter Three: The First Skin 95

was a necessary one, thereby reaffirming the rightness
of the Nagah's actions. The ritemaster distills the
essence of the victim's crimes against Gaia or Dharma
down to a relatively simple mantra that the
nestmembers repeat until meaning has left the words,
at which point the ritemaster interrupts the mantra
and intones the final phrase, which translates as "Pun-
ishment was necessary. Punishment was delivered.
Punishment is now concluded. May his (or her) next
life be better spent."

Jovestitore

Level Four

Before her first kill in Gaia's name, the young
Nagah must be gauged suitably judicious to mete out
death or other forms of severe justice. In effect, this
Samskara invests the Nagah with the right to assassi-

n praises the

ement, her discretion and her
ination, making an argu:

ment for why she is a suitabléch

isher. If possible, the ritemaster

extraordinary judgement or

postulant's past lives.

While it almost never happer

what the Nagah are all about), certaii

be refused investiture due to instance:

ment, insufficient discretion or subtlety, inapp

killing or a particularly dishonorable past life. In such
instances, the only course open to the postulant (as-
suming she wants the legitimacy of Gaia's backing) is
to wait one full year, during which she must show
exemplary judgement, character and good sense, and
then offer herself for consideration again.

System: The ritemaster rolls Charisma + Rituals
to summon a spirit representative of Gaia. Four or
more successes indicate that an avatar of Gaia herself
answers the call. The spirit assesses the wereserpent's
judgement, dedication and responsibility and, based
on that estimation, invests the Nagah with the right
and freedom to take life without consequence. Only
the most unbalanced or irresponsible wereserpents are
denied investiture, and they may petition for investi-
ture once every year after molting.

96

) what he hopes to see, reg:

Those wereserpents who defy Gaia and try to act
as assassins without investiture suffer a -2 dice penalty
to all rolls until they cease attempting to function in
that capacity or successfully receive investiture.

Riwer Nofbers yas
Level Four

Very similar to the Garou Rite: The Badger's Bur-
row, River Mother's Eyes allows the Nagah tosee what's
happening along the banks of a river (and in the water
itself) for a great distance. The Nagah perform this
Samskara to hunt for their targets, to reconnoiter unfa-
miliar territory and to sense if a river is being defiled.

The ritemaster chants a mantra of enlightenment
and must be in contact with the river through which
he's extending his senses; a significant portion ofa tail,
hand, foot or other part of the wereserpent must be

refer to perform this Samskara
ing in the river, staring up at

The playe'
r difficulty level

alength of the

fhe river the

4 "Difficulty ma

en a Nagah has reached an age when she no
longer feels she can effectively carry out Gaia's work —
and asurprising number of wereserpents are cleverand
subtle enough to do so — she may undergo the ritual
of Sannyasa (renunciation) and forego service to Gaia
for the remainder of her existence.

During the course of the Samskara, the wereserpent
recounts to her nestmates (and possibly the Sesha a:
well) precisely how she served Gaia. She delivers ¢
chronological list of the enemies of Gaia who died by
her hand and recounts all the stories that accumulate
during a long life as an assassin. Subsequently, the
wereserpent sequesters herself away at some deserted
placealongside the river and speaks with the Wani anc
generally an avatar of Gaia herself. The spirit represen.
tatives of Gaia accept the Nagah's "resignation" anc
bless her with health and wellbeing. In return, th«

Nagah

wereserpent vows to return to Gaia's service if called or
ifher former vitality should return.

The wereserpent performs her own funeral rites,
fives into the river (or just walks off into the desert,
jungle or whatever wilderness is available and departs
jociety to live as an ascetic — wearing ashes, living
under trees and eating only what she can scrounge or
what she is given. Sannyasin often opt to live out the
rest of their lives in vasuki form, a life of asceticism
being somewhat easier as a snake. Sannyasin rarely

fettle i in civilized areas, though certain old Nagah may
hve a fondness for a particular village and watch over
itin their dotage. Any who expect an old Nagah to be
an easy target, however, are painfully — and generally
lethally — surprised; underestimating the deadly clev-
emness of an experienced assassin, even one moments
from dying of old age, is a good way to get killed.

to ay literally

river (or far from others, in an'
she needs to talk with. The

pointand rollsCharisma + Ritu sOneor more succe
summons the Wani while 3 a es allow
wereserpent to attract the artentiot

duty to Gaia. Provided the wereserpent
ing with the Sesha, the Wani and Gaia andy
yows to return to Gaia's service if things cha
isneeded, she is generally freed of her duties to Gaia. The
spirits bless her with good health and, when the time
comes, a painless death.

Once the spirits depart, the Nagah performs her
own Shraddha to indicate her break with her old life
and wanders off into legend.

Should the Nagah regain her former vigor, either
through the Gift: Shedding the Years or any other
means, the Wani will know and they'll expect her to
resume her former role as Gaia's assassin, with a new
nest if necessary.

Trattor? Torment

Level Five

While assassinating the enemies of Gaia causes
them no distress, Nagah do not like torture. It reeks to

‘ly interesting life), shesays |
her nest (unless they' re becoming / \ gastrointestinal tract_yiole!

them of mishandled power and offends their surpris-
ingly serene sensibilities. However, the wereserpents
have no tolerance for betrayal. Deliberate perfidy is a
far graver sin than murder to the serpent people, and
one that demands the gravest punishment. This
Samskara summons pain spirits to torment, madden,
and finally kill a traitor.

The ritemaster begins by reading a precise descrip-
tion of the traitor's deeds. He then looks the traitor in
the eyes, explains to her whatis about to happen to her,
explains why again, wishes her a wiser and better life in
her next incarnation and then summons the spirits of
pain with an ugly, guttural mantra. Once the pain
spirits have executed their duty, the ritemaster per-
forms atonement Samskara to free him of the bad
karma brought on by such cruelty.
sed almost exclusively on other Nagah
at that), Traitor's Torment may
violation of trust was so

the mantra, the punis! as thepyictim's

uncontfollably

ional pain
herent thought becomes i impos-
must spend a Willpower, point

derangement for each day of suck
e pain-spirits are somehow driven
, banishing, Sanctuary Chimes, etc.)
arget's death, the derangements are perma-

nent unless supernatural means are used to remove

them. The would-be healer must get more successes
than the ritemaster did to remove one derangement,
and each derangement must be healed separately.

In the agony and madness caused by this punish-
ment, victims have been known to eat their own arms
nearly to the elbow, bite off their own tongues, and
scratch their own skin and muscles from their bones
with their claws. The victim's muscles may clench so
hard that they snap her own bones like matchsticks.
Physical damage accrues at whatever rate the ritemaster
chooses, though the default is two levels of bashing
damage per day. The process can be sped up so as to
inflict three levels of aggravated damage an hour, or
slowed down so thar the victim takes only one level of
bashing damage a week. If a target's treachery warrants

Chapter Three: The First Skin 97

it, this Samskaracan be performed as an extended ritual,
allowing for weeks upon weeks of pain and horror.

The pain-spirits that execute this rite are rela-
tively powerful and far from stupid. If the victim is
completely and utterly free of all the wrongdoing she
is accused of, this Samskara does absolutely nothing.
Furthermore, if the target is completely innocent and
the ritemaster botches, the pain-spirits take him as
their victim instead.

Works © Lyi

Merits and Flaws are an optional system.intro-
duced in the Werewolf Players Guide. Th:
suitable forall chronicles, and players should ua
check with their Storyteller whether
permissible for the game in questiot

Itt Acguatopance (2. or gfe
For some reason, a spirit outside d
Wani has taken a great liking to you. Perhaps it has
taken you for another Khurgh; perhaps one of your
ancestors was important to itin anéther life. Whatever
the reason, your spirit friend has agreed to assist you as
if you and it shared the bonds of the Pact. If you offer
it the proper chiminage, it will answer your rites of
summoning, teach you non-Nagah Gifts (though no
at reduced cost, as learning Gifts through sources@
than the Wani is still diffi¢ult for you) and o
favors. You should discuss the actual spirit tyj
your Storyteller. The 2-point Merit indié
acquaintance is a Gaffling; the 4-point Merit:
a friendly Jaggling. Your acquaintances

S
delib-

erately spill your secrets, although it might be forced

into doing so. At no point will it defy
your behalf — your friendship goes on!
luftared Vithon (9-pt Moré)

You are capable of detecting heat s
immediate area by sensing the infrared ra ig
give off. The range of this sense is relativ
(about 50 feet or so), and you cannot access thissense_
in Balaram form. However, this sense may give yo wan 3
edge in night operations (0 long as your target isn't
cold-blooded or undead).

This Merit is appropriate only for Nagah with
relatives in the Crotalinae subfamily (pit vipers, rattle-
snakes, fers-del-lance and moccasins); other yenom-
ous snakes don't have this sense.

Lyep: Sideways (6-p¢ Moré)
Your connection with the Umbrais closer than that

of most Nagah. You are able to step sideways as Garou
do, crossing the Gauntlet without need of your Ananta.

on

98

The Mokolé insist that a special bond exists be-
tween Dragon's Children and the Nagah; in fact, several
Mokolé legends claim that the Nagah were once Mokolé
themselves. The Nagah dismiss such stories, but are not
so quick to downplay the connections between the
Wani dragon-spirits and the spirit of Dragon. Your
existence muddies the water further, as for some inexpli-
cable reason, you are able to tap into the tiniest trickle
of Mnesis, the racial memory of the Dragon Breed.

To properly access these memories, the Nagah must
a memory trance and the player must roll Will-
‘power, difficulty 8. Each success extends the trance bya
=» Fevealing more information. The events de-
y not have anything to do with the
assignment, though they almost always have
to something important to the Nagah.
member events taking place up toa
nonly eventsas they occurred toan
nything else is the province of the Mokolé,
ibility can prove remarkably useful in

into most of your forms. You are pectic |
Kali Dahaka, Azhi Dahaka and Vasuki, your
earing Perception rolls in Silkaram are at +3 diffi-
ulty, and even in Homid form you make auditory-
related rolls at +1 difficulty.

Inavagpledous (4 or 3-pp Flaw)

You were unfortunate enough to shed your First
Skin in a season other than the one of your birth. For
most Nagah, this is simply unlucky, but you have it
rather worse. You cannot purchase auspice Gifts at
reduced cost; all auspice Gifts count as "outside auspice"
for purposes of spending experience to learn them.

If youtake the 3-pr. version of this Flaw, not only de
you suffer the above penalties, but you are also harriec
ofiflicting urges and desires. The difficulty of al
yet rolls.is increased by 1, and you have trouble
Willpower as well. You do not regain all you
Willpower atthe end of astory as usual; you always begir
the next story one Willpower point down.

Weak Venom (2 or 3-4 Flaw)

Much to your undying shame, your venom lack:
the spiritual potency that should be your birthright
Although the dosage is still enough to severely hinde:
an opponent, your bite lacks the power to put dowr
potent targets. Your nest may find you a liability ir
combat and assign other tasks unless you're somehow
able to make up for this defect.

Nagah

The 2-pt version of this Flaw indicates that your

om does lethal damage, and no damage to vampires or
other unliving things. The 3-pt. version means that your
yenom does bashing damage (only to living opponents),
and, truth be told, isn't much good for anything other
than knocking a target out for a short period of time.

Difuged (4: pt Fin)
Before you shed your First Skin, you were cap-
tured and your fangs pulled from your head, most likely
to make you an unwilling accomplice to a sn:
charmer or other performer. Although such an i

often brings on a premature shedding of the Fi
in your case you did not learn to change fc
after the wounds had already healed. As
have no fangs in any form, and cannot
or inject venom. In Vasuki form, you

take itas long as the player offers
his Nagah is permanently fang

For obvious reasons, Nagah are at a slight,
vantage when it comes to ing fetishes. O
limited number of spirits' will respond to thi
rites of binding — to create a fetish, the
either call on one of the Wani's brood,
affiliated with his auspice. Even so,
their love of crafting beautiful object
their fair share of fetishes over the mi

Yura

Level 1, Gnosis 6

A yantra is a complex, radially s:
gram, also called a mandala, that symbo!
sents the entire universe. The yantra is mea
asa focus of meditation that draws the mind tor
center point, called the bindu. By activating the
and meditating on the bindu for three turns, the owner
of the yantra may ascertain exactly where he is in the
universe. If he is in the distant Umbra, he may need to
meditate for up to ten turns, but at the end of that time
he'll know how to get back to more familiar territory
(though the yantra does not empower him to get there).

To create a yantra, one must first inscribe a com-
plex mandala onto an animal hide of some sort and
bind into the design a spirit of knowledge.

Chapter Three: The First Skin

Spit Rutiler

Level 2, Gnosis 6

This simple item is just a snake's rattle tied with
sinew to a long bone of any medium-sized animal.
When activated and shaken, the spirit rattler causes all
spirits in a 30-foot radius to freeze in place with fear for
one turn per success on the activation roll. Spirits with
Gnosis of 7 or higher may make a contested Gnosis roll
against the rattle's wielder to flee.

To create a spirit rattler, one finds a rattle from an
old rattlesnake, preferably 7 years or older. If a snake is
med or killed to get the rattle, the fetish will not
ttle is tied to the bone so that it can shake
ah then binds an appropriate spirit of
into the rattle.
or Spletf
is 7
er tosses this jewel into a natural
peaks the name of the spirit within,
ws itselfand may be asked to provide
¢ the owner of the jewel, including
plashing an enemy or chasing away
. The elemental will not endanger itself

t of the fetish. The elemental remains for
e or long enough to complete a single task,
ever is shorter. When the task is done, the

lemental returns to the jewel, which shoots out of the
water and back into the hands of the owner.

Treating the elemental poorly will probably result
in losing its service as it refuses to place the jewel back
in the hands of its previous possessor.

Creating one of these fetishes requires binding a
water elemental into a precious transparent stone of
some sort, preferably sapphire, though aquamarine or
even a smooth lump of cobalt glass will work.

Stvangbard Searvat
Level 3, Gnosis 7
» The most famous of India's assassins were the
my ngling their victims with
res. The Nagah observed the Thugs
i called), assimilated their better tactics,
and improved upon them. This fetish is a skillfully
woven and generally attractive silk scarf that wraps
itself tightly around the wearer's neck, strangling her.
Each turn the scarf strangles its victim, it inflicts a
numberof health levels of bashing damage equal to the
owner's Gnosis. When activated, the scarf has an
effective Strength (to keep from being unwrapped) of
5, a Stamina of 3 and six health levels.

99

To create a scarf of the Thuggee, the Nagah
himself weaves the scarf from silk threads, requiring an
Intelligence + Crafts roll against a difficulty of 9. This
is best done as an extended action; the wereserpent
may make one roll for every full day he works on the
item. Binding a spirit intoa scarf that the wereserpent
did not weave is possible, but increases the difficulty by
2. When he reaches 7 successes, the scarf is done. The
Nagah must bind an appropriate spirit servant of the
Wani into the scarf.

Luwbihalabs Deore

Level 4, Gnosis 6

Nagah from Africa, the Caribbean and the South-
east United States learned to make these fetishes to
summon their targets to them. While they involve
more work and are far less subtle than the Gift: Sum-
mon the Accused, they have their advantages as well.

The drummer keeps his target in mind while
pounding out a primal rhythm on the drum. If he
stops drumming before the target arrives, the drum
loses control over that target permanently. As soon as
the drum starts pounding, the target, no matter how
far away, does everything she can to get to the
location of the drumming without knowing (or car-
ing) why. While the target's main impulse is to find
the site of the drums, she doesn't neglect her own
well-being. Answering the call of the drum does not
cause her to ignore her own survival instincts. She
may risk a little violence to answer the drum, but she
won't behave stupidly.

Though Danbhalah's drum can call asubject from
anywhere, it's most efficient when calling someone in
the same general region; it can take a long time for a
target in Syracuse, New York to arrange for travel to
Bahia, Brazil (especially if she doesn't have a passport).
The target's finances obviously play a part as well.

If the summoner has no idea where the target
might be, he had better be prepared to drum continu-
ally for weeks. Luckily, a nest of Nagah looking for the
same target can alternate drumming so long as the
rhythm isn'tinterrupted (roll Dexterity + Performance
tocheck). Each time a new player takes over, he has to
make an activation roll. Failing the activation roll
frees the target from the drum's.control permanently.
Botching the activation roll rips the drum pad.

Danbhalah's drums are loud. There is no way to
quietly play a drum of Danbhalah. If the drummer is in
abuilding, the rhythm will resonate through the entire
infrastructure, quickly making enemies of the neigh-
bors. If the drummer is in the wilderness, the target
may not be the only one trying to find the drummer...

100

Garlavsd of Sis
Level 4, Gnosis 7
Rare in the extreme, garlands of skulls are very |

powerful fetishes to wear during combat. When acti-

vated, the wearer gains 5 temporary Rage points and
grows two additional arms just under his normal ones.

While a garland of skulls is pretty easy to get away
with in the depths of the jungle or desert, getting
them through customs can be extremely difficult, and
much more trouble than they're worth. Necklaces of
skulls (or shrunken heads) are precisely the kind of
thing authorities frown upon, particularly in a coun-
try like India that's trying to portray itself as a first
world nation.

To create a garland of skulls, one must first gather
at least 8 skulls (shrunken heads will work in a pinch)
from enemies and string them together ona thick piece
of sinew. Into this grisly garland one must bind one of
the Wani's spirits of war.

Dart of Nelly

Level 5, Gnosis 7

This dreaded weapon is a dart made from a bird
bone, weighted with gold dust and fletched with
peacock feathers. When the dart leaves the thrower's
hand, it immediately becomes invisible to anyone
but the individual to whom it's dedicated. When it
strikes, the target neither sees nor feels anything.
However, so long as the dart is stuck in the target, he
is unable to use Gnosis or Rage (nor is a vampire
capable of using its blood pool).

Sensing the dart is tricky, requiring a Perception +
Enigmas roll against a difficulty of 8.

Worse still, while pulling out the dart causes no
damage, all the pain the target would have felt all
along from having adart stuck in his hide hits at once.
The longer the dart has been in, the more pain the
target will feel. Though the dart does hardly any
damage (Strength bashing damage), the target will
suffer wound penalties as though he were wounded
for anumber of turns equal to the number of turns the
dart was lodged in his skin.

Talent

AtcttletAthat

Gnosis 6

Hindu folklore is full of tales of wise men, gurus
and ascetics wandering the wilds wearing nothing
butashes. This talen reflects the spiritual potency of
such a practice. When rubbed over the naked body
of the wearer, Ascetic's Ashes grant a potent degree

Nagah

of protection from damage and turns the wearer's
skin a dark shade of gray.

Any part of the wearer covered by the ashes is
protected. When striking against a protected area of
the wearer's body with weapons, enemies roll dam-
age against a target number of 7 instead of 6. The
ashes don't last especially long, generally no more
than one intense combat, but a pouch of ascetic's
ashes generally contain enough to cover the entire
body three or four times.

Creating Ascetic's Ashes requires gathering ashes
from a recently burned funeral pyre and binding into
them an elemental spirit.

Dod Popper

Gnosis 6

Shooting one of these arrows into a rain or storm
cloud causes the cloud to burst and drop its contents
in a relatively short period of time. Such storms are
generally intense and likely to result in flooding in
flat or low lying areas. Any outdoor fires in the
affected area must be sheltered immediately or they'll
be extinguished by the storm. Provided there are any
clouds at all overhead, these arrows are useful for
relieving droughts. Storms caused by these arrows
typically last between one and four hours depending
on the size of the cloud.

Making a cloud popper requires the creation of
an arrow with a turquoise or quartz arrowhead and
binding one of the Wani's rain spirits (or a water
elemental) within.

TYood Dut

Gnosis 4

Apinch of flood dust causes the water in a 30-foot
radius of the user to rise by five feet per pinch. The dust
typically takes effect within five minutes of hitting the
water. Flood dust can be used to cause a river to burst
its banks or to overwhelm a dam ona large river. Flood
dust works in any natural body of water (within reason;
an entire sea or Great Lake is unlikely to flood, al-
though a local beach might). A bag of flood dust
generally contains between five to ten pinches. Need-
less to say, accidentally dropping a bag of flood dust
into a body of water is a recipe for disaster.

To create flood dust one must take dust from a
dried-out riverbed and bind a water elemental into it.

Ligbtolag Arron

Gnosis 6

When ausershoots the lightning arrow directly up
atastorm cloud (wispy cirrus clouds will not work) and

m1

specifies some general striking point within his range
of vision; a bolt of lightning immediately blasts down
somewhere in the vicinity specified by the user. These
arrows do not come back down. These items aren't
accurate enough to be of much use in combat, but they
have their uses.

The individual shooting the arrow has some small
degree of control over where the lightning strikes
(Commands like "Strike the lake" or "Strike some-
where on the other side of the river" are fine, but
"Strike that Garou" is a bit too specific. If the Gar
in the lake, however, or on the other side of the fiver,
and happens to be the tallest thing around, it'
possible that the lightning might strike hi
The lightning can generally be relied o1 to stri
place within twenty feet of the point thebee i
the strike point. Any creature struck by li
from one to ten health levels of a

To create one of these tale:
an arrow with an iron arrowhéad
the Wani's storm spirits (or.an aii
the arrow. / ¢

Jiake Of
Gnosis 5

amage.
ino
e@reator makes
| binds one of
mental) into

Snake oil isa mild restorative or tonic for creatures

with either Gnosis or Arete/The creature drinki
snake oil (which tastes terrible and has ate
somewhere between that of phlegm and raw
rolls his Gnosis and adds health levels equ:
successes (rounded up, minimum of 1),
gets no benefit if he is not wounded and's

Curiously, creatures without Gno:
that they receive the healing benefits fi
(and therefore suffer fewer wound pena
health levels are actually restored.

Brewing a batch of snake oil requir:

or any other kind of animal.
Vivo Arront

Gnosis 6

These arrows are popular among the Nagah who
use them to great effect without needing to worry
about poisoning themselves. When the arrow damages
a creature, the target must roll Stamina + Survival,
difficulty 8. If the target does not get at least one
success, the arrow does an additional 4 health levels of
lethal damage from the venom of the snake spirit.

102

5s

Ifany non-Nagah user of these arrows botches, he
has cut himself and must make the Stamina roll orbe —
poisoned by his own arrow.

To create a venom arrow, one fashions an arrow
with two separate points (or "fangs"). A crescent
moon-shaped arrowhead is the most common type for
these kinds of arrows. The creator then binds one of
the Wani's snake-spirits into the arrow.

Zidlis

A bindhi is a small jewel worn on the brow over
the ajna, or third eye chakra. When properly wor and _
vated, these brow-jewels typically enhance thought
Mystic bindhi simply need to be pressed
é\(about an inch above the bridge of the

remain in place of their own accord.
only one third eye, only one bindhimay

aring brow-jewels, which are among
1 fetishes in India and throughout the
lom of Asia. Nagah are particularly fond
tise they evoke the wereserpents' royal
dia. Only three bindhi are listed here as
all manner of thought- and perception-
cing brow-jewels may be created, discovered or
: The duration of any bindhi's effects is equal to
turn per success on the activation roll.

Level 1, Gnosis 6

This brow-jewel is commonly made from topaz or
diamond. When worn over the ajna and properly
triggered, the bindhi shines with the pure golden light
of the sun, illuminating any dark place with the light
of full day. Vampires caught in the light of the Bindhi
of Surya take damage as from full sunlight.

Lindl of Ditlfision
Level 3, Gnosis 8
nly mad ‘moonstone or onyx, these

eens ated) reveal illusions to their
ar fe at they are. While those around the
wearer may still see a convincing illusion, the wearer
of this fetish will see only the vaguest hint of the image
and will know it for what it is.

Sotombtable Gye
Level 5, Gnosis 9

This bindhi may be made from any deep red gem;
the most common is garnet.

Nagah

Indian myths speak of Kama, the god of love,
to make Shiva fall in love with a young woman.
act him from his meditative and yogic practices.
vainstead disintegrated Kama with one shining ray

his bindhi and returned to his meditations.

1ong the most powerful of the legendary brow-
els of India, the Indomitable Eye, when activated,

f ders its wearer immune to all thought and emotion

Chapter Three: The First Skin

All difficulties for affecting the wearer of the
Indomitable Eye with emotion control or th
control Gifts, Disciplines, magic or the like are raised
to 10. Furthermore, the individual trying to use such
magic suffers an agonizing headache and one level of
bashing damage for every point of Gnosis, Arete or the
like that she has. Thus, a Garou with a Gnosis of 6
trying to affect a Nagah wearing the Indomitable Eye
with the Shadow Lords Gift: Obedience would make
her roll against a difficulty of 10 and suffer 6 levels of
bashing damage for her trouble.

103


"Such a trial, dear sir," said the mouse to the cur,

"Without jury or judge, would be wasting our breath."

"Tl be judge, I'll be jury," said cunning old Fury,

"T'll try the whole cause, and condemn you to death."
— Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland

a

Regardless of the subject or genre, every good story
wu hear adheres to a time-honored formula. Every
ory has a somewhat sympathetic protagonist. Every
otagonist pursues some goal. Every goal lies just on
e other side of some obstacle that the protagonist
ust overcome. Stories you tell your friends about
yat happened to you during the day follow this simple
ttern, and even the most intricately layered tale of
trigue and deception does the same.

Stories of the Nagah are no different, whether
ey are historical tales of Gaia's glorious and terrible

si

Chapter Four: Songs of the Exeentioners

judges, or grim urban legends of embittered assassins
who have all but lost hope. But although the main
thrust of the story may be familiar, the devil's in the
details, as they say. A properly spun game session
involving a Nagah nest shouldn't have the same feel
as a standard Werewolf game, ora game centering on
a different Changing Breed such as the Bastet. If you
can capture the cold-blooded bur still emotionally
charged feel of the Nagah story, your players won't
forget the experience.

105

The Cutatesteifial Nagal Syory

Asis the case forany Changing Breed, the simplest
Nagah story you can tell is that of the Nagah pursuing
their duty to Gaia. Before Gaia and her servants, the
Wani, the Nagah judge their fellow shapeshifters and
punish them when they forsake their timeless respon-
sibilities. Since the forms of evil, corruption and sloth
are manifold in the World of Darkness, you can create
and run an infinite number of stories about how the
wereserpents excise those forms from Gaia's creation.

The basics of that quintessential story follow, and
they provide a sturdy foundation on which to con-
struct one-shot or short-lived Nagah games. They also
serve as the building blocks that combine to form an
ongoing chronicle.

Dkeover the Target and Obgerve pha Targa

The first and most important part of any Nagah
story is that of setting the stage and motivating your
characters. Doing so is fairly straightforward in a one-
story game. When you pitch the idea to your players,
you simply tell them who their characters' target is as
well as the way in which he is suspected of failing in his
duty. You give them the information that the charac-
ters are assumed to have amassed on the target's habits
and whereabouts and start the action with the charac-
ters following it up.

For a more in-depth story or a long-running
chronicle, you should start the characters farther
back along the plot arc. Begin the game with one of
the characters uncovering a story on television or a
newspaper about a suspiciously mysterious crime that
sounds to your characters like a Khurah's frenzy or
some other abuse of power committed by one of
Gaia's servants. You could also establish a story mecha-
nism of Kinfolk servants in local police departments,
nationwide newspaper offices or even the FBI's Spe-
cial Affairs Division who direct the Nagah's atten-
tion to potential targets. If nothing else, you can
begin every story in your chronicle with the Nagah of
the Sesha assigning your players' characters to spe-
cific cases of interest and charging them to go out and
do Gaia's good work. (This last tends to lend itself to
Mission: Impossible and Charlie's Angels jokes, though,
so don't say you weren't warned.)

Once the characters have begun the hunt, you can
pace the narrative like modern detective fiction. The
Nagah investigate the scene that caught their atten-
tion for clues, trying to reconstruct what happened and
determine whether they should be involved. If they
have a better grasp of who their target is, they follow
him around and watch him as he goes about his duty.
The action of this stage of the story revolves around
maintaining their secrecy and keeping their target
from realizing that he is under surveillance.


The purpose of this part of the story or chronicle
istoset the stage and provide the necessary exposition.
It is primarily upon you to establish the mood of the
story, characterize the antagonists through the actions
the nest witnesses and give them enough information
to form an opinion on whether they should suffer their
target to live. Youshould also provide examples of how
powerful the main antagonist is, what defenses he may
have in place and the impact his death will have on the
world around him. After all, no character exists in a
vacuum, and every piece of information you give your
players will affect the decisions they make throughout
the rest of the story.

Car Firkgwent ad Make Reaky

While the preceding portion of the story is largely
your domain, this section shines the spotlight on your
players. It will also likely be the moststrictly roleplaying-
intensive part of the game. The characters regroup and
examine the implications of the data they have gath-
ered. They reflect on the nature of the antagonist's
Breed's duty and discuss whether he's fallen short of it
orif he is merely fulfilling it in an unusual or heretofore
unrevealed way. They may see that their target is
trying to do the right thing, but he is doomed to fail
because of the way he is going about it.

Once they have made up their mind about the
target's intentions, it's time for the nest to decide what
they're going to do about it. Are the antagonist's
actions so heinous that he must be destroyed post-
haste? Is his "crime" merely the result of an oversight
for which he is unlikely to ever forgive himself? Willa
poignant reminder of his guilt and laxity of duty suffice
tocorrect his behavior in the future? Would it perhaps
be easier and more fulfilling to subtly reform the
antagonist, or do the Nagah even allow their victims
that leeway? The Nagah consider each of these possi-
bilities before every fateful decision to end a victim's
life, and it is in that consideration that Nagah stories
and chronicles play up the themes of justice and duty.
If you want to explore these aspects of the Nagah
experience in depth, don't rush your players through
this portion of the story. Let their characters talk the
subject out to their satisfaction, leaving no doubt
unaccounted for and answered. Just be sure to encour-
age them not to vacillate for too long. While the
Nagah are thorough and thoughtful, they don't waste
their time in drawn-out, maundering philosophical
explorations of the oft-heavy and soul-wearying bur-
den of exacting Gaia's dolorous vengeance upon her
wayward and overzealous children.

Once the nest has decided on a course of action,
finish out this part of the story by planning how
exactly they will carry out their goal. This is the time

Theoutlinefor the classic hunt story provided
‘tends tovassume that everything goes as planned.
But that doesn't mean! iv'should'\— quite the"
pgpeitg The players should face/complications »
now and again i 1 just about « every, Stage cof the»
mission — this'keeps thi from simply ‘perform
ing their duties by rote," oak Pg ge "them.
things to'sweat about" 9+ Fe,

Fe Complicat @ the obseryati protess by hay- |
ing a' "copycat" duplicating the target's crimes, so

that the nest, mist sift the red-herrings from they
4rue evidence (and possibly have to pass judge-
jment twice) If youwant tomake the nést's judge-

ment more difficult, balance the target's crimes
"with deeds that make his neighborhood a better"
place; Have ansunexpected visitor dropiby the)
starget's home at precisely ‘the wrong til ie. Give
the target someone. elseithat's'be eeping tabs
on him, such asa BP gee derecti ar private
investigator —— thar awill omake 1 disappear? |
stage" all the srickier Th These complications are "]
what make a hungmemorable satherthan routine. J
membér, though, thatsyou don't want to
frustrate your:players too severely Ifthey aren't)
fe executea mission fig Sor

evena stag ofa i
_féel thwarted-or d ‘out
your monkeywrenches; don't raat ee
plications toany one mission unless you wancit to

be the classic "what -elsecould go wrong?" botched

hit story —ande even then, realize that sucha story =
can affect vous oer in unforeseen yale

Ee 3 Zs

to examine the data they collected previously fo
patterns of their target's behavior and evidence o
where he is weak. How well protected is he fron
mundane and supernatural threats? Is he part of i
pack? Perhaps his packmates can be alerted to his sin
and turned against him, assuming that they aren'
already part of the problem. Does he live in a high
rise apartment building that is monitored electroni
cally? Perhaps the Nagah can examine the buildin,
plans and find a safe way to break in. Is he surrounde:
at all times by a staff of attendants and well-arme:
bodyguards? Perhaps the Nagah can infiltrate tha
organization in order to get close to him.

Be sure toeither have this information ready at th
beginning of the story (so that the nest can find i
during their surveillance and plan around it) or mak
it available to them as they ask for it. Have them pla

Chapter Four: Songs of the Exeeutioners 10:

their operation thoroughly in advance so that you can
mold the next phase of the story around their plans.

Sivkhke

This part of the story is usually the most tense and
exciting, and it's the most dice-reliant as well. It is
during this phase that the Nagah physically track
their victim down, isolate him from his friends and
associates, confront him with his sins and kill him —
all without getting caught. You can pack all of these
actions together into one story session and end it with
your characters standing over their victim's body, or
you can stretch the narrative out over several ses-
sions. If the Nagah decide to infiltrate their victim's
lair in order to get close to him, you can spend several
sessions telling the story of how they gain the victim's
confidence and the lengths to which they must go to
maintain their cover. You can also reveal further
information as the Nagah close in on their prey that
casts his actions in a new light and forces them to
back off and er their intended course
action. If th i u
group of shap

preclude running gun battles on
helicopter dogfights in winding
such over-the-top action sequence:

with subtlety in all things. Howev.
melee battles on the high steel of

erous cliff faces and harried rooftop pursuits

squalid tenement cities in the dead of night are not
entirely out of the question. After all, nearly any-
thing can happen when a victim realizes that he is
about to die, and no Nagah can plan for every desper-
ate contingency that might arise.

DZappear

What truly separates the average Nagah story from
that of the other Changing Breeds is the secrecy that
the Nagah's work ethic demands. No matter how
messy the climax of the story turns out to be, the Nagah
must disappear and leave no trace of their passing.
Regardless of how villainous the antagonist was and
how much he needed to die, the Nagah cannot an-
nounce their victory over him and expecta ticker-tape
parade for their efforts. No sign or clue may give rise to
the suspicion that Gaia's judges even exist, much less

108

that they take an active role in shapechanger affairson. ]
Earth. Once the story's climax has come and gone, and.
the characters have demonstrated their martial prow- |
ess, let them exercise their cleverness and creativity by
vanishing without a trace.

Poetic or outraged nests of Nagah may also |
this time to arrange the forensic evidence of a victim's
death scene in such a way that the scene tells its own
story. Rather than revealing that the victim has fallen
prey to ghostlike assassins despite his security precau-
tions, the scene often suggests that he died as a result
of whatever crime the Nagah judged him guilty of
originally. If your players appreciate this kind of irony,
encourage them to think about it as early on as during
the planning phase of the story and prepare for itahead
of time. If they do a particularly good job dressing the
stage of their characters' actions, give them a fourth-
wall glimpse of the reactions of the supporting charac:
ters who find the antagonist's body, in order to show

efforts have been successful.

¢ Umea from the nest'
characters are sum
ey have done sinc

fe at length about the conduct of thej
up and aggrandize their character

ally lie to the Sesha outright or just liste
ind of their voices, let them roleplay th
encounter with you one ata time. You can use it tot)
loose ends of the plot together in their minds, and yc
can also use the one-on-one time to interview eac
player about how he liked the game itself. And whi
you chat with each player individually, the oth
characters can roleplay among themselves in order |
develop the side of their characters' personalities th
are not dedicated strictly to the hunt.

The primary purpose of this phase of the stor
however, is to determine each player's experienc
point award as well as his standing in the esteem of t]
Sesha. (Both of those factors will determine what Gi
the Wani will teach the characters once the Seshah
deemed them worthy to enter the Wani's Realn
Should you so desire, you can simply establish that t
characters are allowed some much-needed rest ai
downtime at the Nandana and assume that the ini
vidual interviews with the Sesha take place off-stay

Naachk

Frankly, neither you nor any of your players may see
any need to go back over the events you've all justspent
somany sessions roleplaying through together anyway.

At this point, you're back where you started, and
you can decide whether to continue the chronicle in
the same way through multiple iterations or change
the nature of the story to make it more complicated.

TV hetae

Incorporating thematic elements doesn't change
the way a story plays out, but it does affect the way your
players think about the story and relate to it. As you lay
the story before them, the themes you emphasize lend
greater import to the decisions the characters make
and help them understand the context in which the
story evolves.

The following themes are particularly appropriate
to Nagah stories:

Sythloe
More thagl

a eae os ‘sins? Is és idea of mercy a
facet of justice, or is it merely an apologetic disguise for
one's weakness of conviction? If the Nagah are respon-

sible for judging their Khurah cousins, who is qualified,

to judge them when they fail?

By showing examples of alternative
each of these questions throughout the
story, you can keep the theme of justi
your players' minds.

Reson,

Is every shapechanger who fails in his duty
doomed to be the Nagah's prey? Some Nagah would
say so, but others would not agree. After all, no
shapechanger is a paragon of responsible conduct
for every second of his life. Many fail ar some time
in their lives, but most of them realize that they have
done so and strive to make amends.

How then do the Nagah react when one of their
victims seeks to atone for his crimes? Do they watch
him for signs of hypocrisy and strike when they notice
even one? Do they help him subtly as he does what he
can to put right what he caused to go wrong? Do they
take the stand that he should never have failed in the
first place? It can be said that a man who fails to
accomplish something may yet accomplish an even
greater thing as he makes up for his failure, but it is up

Chapter Four: Songs of the Exeeuxtioners

to the Nagah to decide whether he even gets the
chance. And if they judge that he does not deserve that
chance, they must then decide whether they will put
tight his error themselves.

htofaflon

The Nagah are few, and they have no one but their
own kind to rely upon. Normal snakes are independent
by nature, but a Nagah's humanlike side craves com-
panionship. Humans throng and mill all around the
Nagah, but people can tell onan instinctive level that
even human-breed shapechangers are intrinsically dif-
ferent from them. The Nagah's duty demands that
they isolate themselves from the rest of the world's
shapechangers. When all issaid and done, noone truly
understands the Nagah but other Nagah, and their
numbers are few and scattered all around the world.

When you tell Nagah stories, play up the dis-
tance between the Nagah characters and everyone
else. ure they understand that they have only
HeSsemates to turn to when they need a
Gonnection. Side-stories of the

that explore a particular theme in, greater apier —

arise that you will probably want to
g a Nagah story shouldn't come off as a

the spirit in which they were created does
i questions. For instance, how do you fit
characters into a story that isn't about them
specifically? How do you track the rank and Renown
advancement of the Nagah when no actual system
appears in these books? How do you portray the Wani?

FZitteg the Nagah bufo a Story

Attaching Nagah toa chronicle in which they are
not the main characters is no easy task. Most Nagah
stories revolve around a particular nest as that nest
does its work, and most nests are composed of only
three Nagah. However, if you have more than three
players who don't all want to play wereserpents, you
have to make some adjustments and allowances.

Nagab avd the Xtrrab

One of the most difficult types of stories into
which you can insert the Nagah is a story that centers
on one of the other Changing Breeds — especially a
standard werewolf story. Most of the other Khurah

109

assume that the Nagah are long extinct, and those who
might know or remember otherwise are few and far
between. You could, conceivably scrap the Nagah's
reliance on secrecy for ease of play in your chronicle
and hope that your players' characters are more under-
standing that the typical shapeshifters. If you prefer to
inspire a more challenging roleplaying experience,
though, force your players' Nagah characters to keep
up the secrecy. Whether the characters are ringers
under your discreet command from the beginning 01
simply constructs of adventurous and clever play
encourage them to downplay their supernatural,
ers, to assume their alternative skins infrequently
never in sight of the other characters) and
their fellow characters at every opportu:

You can even help these players oii
the rules ina couple of places. The first
make is to increase the scope of the"
Gift. One success on a die roll with thi tnormally
causes a target to remember a Naga ctivity incor-
rectly, and gaining multiple successes thememory
entirely. In order to allow your Nigah characters to
disguise their activities more e » you can say that
each success on the Veil of thé Wani die roll erases
damning evidence from a separate target's mind and _
fills in the gaps pee ie information
the target would be more likely to accept. The)
using this Gift and rolling four successes after
has frenzied on an enemy in front of four wér
will edit out the image of the Nagah's A
skin in each of the four werewolves' minds
it with that of the Crinos form they §
expect to see. If that mechanic is too
unreliable in your chronicle, you coi
variation of the Nuwisha Gift: Sheep's ©
able to your Nagah characters.

The big question, of course, is wl
characters are mixed in with the other
‘irst place? Is one of the other players' c!

down the Nagah's target on their own, only to ¢
paths with the Nagah in the course of the hunt? H
she Nagah characters been excommunicated from
Nagah society and the grace of the Wani? Ordinarily,
only extremely desperate circumstances would force
iNagah to seek out the help ofany othershapeshifter,
-egardless of how subtly and furtively he does so. That
seing the case, such cross-Breed cooperation rarely
ver happens. The Wyrm itself would practically
aave to be loose on Earth before the Nagah reveal
heir existence, and even then, such an action might
orove disastrous in the end.

110

Prengeyokal Spotter

The Far East setting is actually the easiest one it
which to run a multi-Breed game that involves thi
Nagah. The hengeyokai of the Beast Courts know tha
the Nagah are still alive, and they understand thi
wereserpents' role on Earth. While the Nagah an
reclusive and rare in the Beast Courts, the arrival o
one at an important caer is not going to be the spar]
that ignites anew War of Shame. Even in the Far East
though, the Nagah must remain subtle and secretivea
they go about doing their duty. Acting with too mud

the most powerful Gifts. Therefore, the
it up to the Sesha to determine when individua

" wereserpents are ready to be granted such access.

~ What that means for youthe Storyteller is that yor
get to judge your players' characters approximate ran!
and Renown independently of their experience point:
In fact, you can relieve your players of the costs of ne\
Gifts altogether and let them spend their experienc
points entirely on Attributes, Abilities and other gam
Traits. Doing so allows your characters to becom
quite powerful even before you add in the powers ¢
their Gifts or their increased form statistics, but ther
isn't anything wrong with that in an all-Nagal
chronicle, where the characters are measured agains
er Nagah. Gaia's judgé$ and executioners are sup
I fearsome'and terrible, after all.

n doing so, ‘must be careful to make sure tha
your players" characters are acting in line with thei
duty, rather than just going mad with unstoppabl
killing power. The Nagah learn no Gifts at all withou
the express permission of the Sesha, and the Sesh
does not suffer irresponsible fools to disgrace the Wan
Make it clear to your players — either throughout th
course of play or in an out-of-game discussion befor
the story begins — what type of behavior the Sesh
expects from the players' characters. Lay down you
ground rules of conduct, and judge the characters o1
how well they follow it up.

Nagah

o remember that although most Nagah visit
only once or twice a year, they need not be
owed new Gifts or advances in rank every time: It
take a young Nagah years to mature sufficiently
Sesha's eyes to be allowed high-level Gifts. Your
will not want to wait around forever, though,
you withhold the more entertaining special
If they are progressing through your chronicle
ly and everyone is enjoying himself, don't hesi-
ite to reward the characters with more power. Just be_
to increase the power level and challenge ofthe |
ists they face as well so as not to upset the pace
nd balance of the game.

The specific criteria on which to judge.
islargely up to you, but a general set of guidelines
otentirely ourof the question. Eventhough rheydo
keep arunning tally ona scorecard, the Sesha does

gnunwise Nagah isnotfit a ort i ia
. The second aspect is that of cunning. The way

dwith guile and cleverness, he will fail. His prey

escape, his nestmates could die, and the Khurah 1

ight find out what he is. Honor is too subjectivet6
make an adequate criterion (a Nagah who is the —
[picture of honor to his people would be considered
highly dishonorable to others), and Glory is the an-
ltithesis of proper secrecy.
| If you prefer a proper system of rank Aueeas
ence, award the Nagah Renown from Wisdom and
Cunning categories out of game. Keep
Nagah character's temporary and perm:
Traits among your other chronicle notes. (ward Re-
nown Traits equal to the characters' ex;
awards for each session or story, but divided ina way
that reflects which aspect of conduct the character
focused on up until that point. When the character
gains 10 temporary Traits, he may exchange it for a
new permanent Trait. Then, after every fourth perma-
nent Renown Trait he earns, he isallowed access to the
next highest level of Gifts. (That is, each character
starts with O Renown Traits and access to only Level
One Gifts. When he has earned four permanent Re-
aown Traits in any combination, he may have access
70 Level Two Gifts, and the progression continues
thus.) To keep in line with the spirit of the typical
Nagah experience, make sure to adhere to this system
intirely out of game.

Lortraypng the Wars
Once the Nagah have spoken to the Sesha and
deen granted permission to learn new Gifts, they travel

Chapter Four: Songs of the Exeentioners

to Xi Wang Chi through a gate leading from Nandana.
In Xi Wang Chi, they commune with the Dragon
Kings who then teach the Nagah their Gifts. The
characters need not specifically do anything to con-
vince the Wani to teach these Gifts once they arrive,
but you may still narrate the proceedings if you wish.
Describe the Wani's Umbral home as the Nagah enter
it. Is ita vast cave through which a river of pure water
runs? Is it an ever-changing landscape in which each
Wani's dreams of a perfect world struggles to assert
itself over the others? Is it a Realm of non-space in
which the only things that are real are the immense
bod 6f.the Dragon Kings themselves? Xi Wang Chi
one of these things or any combination
ould become clear to your players that
se else on Earth or in the Umbra.
the, Wani teach Gifts should be unique
Il. Do spirit servants of the Dragon
ie characters' bodies physically to
sw capabilities? Do the Wani appear in
Nagah themselves in order to teach by
example? Do the Wani consume a character whole,
C sciousness with his and demonstrate the
eras one of the many mundane abilities

However you portray the lesson, be sure to get across
the point that the Gifts come only by the grace of the
Wanis, and that the Wani can take those Gifts away
should the characters fail in their duty.

Wher Talat

The following are just a few of the many ways in
which you can tell Nagah stories on your own.

The Plant te Fattlag

In this type of story, distance your characters from
the hunt, but keep it always in view. Set your scenes to
occur just after the Nagah have completed some task

in relation to their currenrmission or just before they
past make ready, ands em tell a story about how
at do the Nagah do when they
aren't] junting? Do they pursue artistic endeavors? Do
they spend. time looking for suitable mates? Do they
just shut themselves away and try to escape their
terrible duty for a while? Let your characters show how
they spend the moments between the times they must
devote to aspects of the hunt. Do they help each other
to achieve their individual goals? Do they find ways to
compete with each other after being forced to
cooperate all the rest of the time? Do they resent each
other, even though their nestmates are the closest
comrades and family they really have?

111

You can use these sessions on their own or as
tangential side-stories scattered throughout a longer
chronicle. They allow your players the chance to flesh
out the sensual, beautiful aspects of their characters
and explore the lonely hearts behind the Nagah's 100-
yard stares. You can also foreshadow and drop hints
about upcoming missions your characters will under-
take, leaving the characters to wonder just how much
distance they can truly put between themselves and
the burden of meting out justice in Gaia's name.

TP Surtgmeot of the Sitha

This game takes the unique tack of putting your
characters in positions of supreme authority right at its
outset. The characters portray several of the
wereserpents of the Sesha in the ananta at the mouth
of Xi Wang Chi.

You can run this type of game largely dice and
character-sheet free, but it is nota particularly action-
intensive game. The way it works is you act as the
members of va have come to N
to make repo

giving your players the oppo
the characters speak, the;

and they decide if the nestmates

judgment. They decide if the =m acted rightly,
new Gifts from the Wani.

your players each have incomplete pie¢
after their last mission. They have come
for guidance, which means that it's up to yo a
to listen to all the characters' disparate clues and try to
figure out exactly what happened to the Nagah that
has them so confused. Another option is to tell the
point of view story, in which each nestmate under-
stands a slightly different version of the same story. It's
then up to your players to glean the most likely (and
empirically precise) course of events and judge the
nestmates based on it. You can also present the story as
a Nero Wolfe style mystery in which one of the three
nestmates who speaks before them has been corrupted
by the Wyrm and caused a great injustice to be com-
mitted. It is up to the Sesha (i.e., your players) to figure
out which nestmate is corrupt and see that he or she is
punished suitably.

hen Enough lt Enough

The Nagah are not overflowing with the human
failing of compassion. Compassion is the bane of

112

, their jobs? Is wha

ave heard and give their /

objectivity, and Gaia would not build such a self
defeating flaw into her perfect judges. However, the
Nagah do possess compassion tosome extent, andeven
a Nagah can have his fill of killing if he convinces
himself that his efforts are worthless and that nothing
is ever going to change. If he and his nestmates are
emotionally close enough to one another, his discon:
tent may even rub off on them.

You can run this type of story in one of two ways,
Your players can take the roles of these disaffected
Nagah who must try to cope with a world that ne
longer has a place for them. Conversely, they could
play the nest of Nagah that the Sesha must necessar-
ily command to put the disaffected ones to death,
Afterall, Nagah who will not do their duty are almost
worse than traitors.

As the traitors try to live peaceful lives that don't
require them to commit cold-blooded murder, they
must wrestle with the moral dilemmas that making

e just not doing

the first place? If.s

ite perspective i:

tion-oriented
srs' Gifts, but <
ah outcast still has plenty of advan.
w from. How will your players' nest catch
group with the same background training
in inthe juntas they have had? Can any of the nestmate:
be baited out of hiding to turn over the others? Car
any of them be reformed rather than executed? Anc
if the desperate, disaffected Nagah do decide to en
danger Nagah secrecy, how will your players' nesi
stop them?

Nanythiot

The ancient Nuwisha has done and seen more ir
his lifetime than many shapeshifters can imagine eve
doing in their own. He has spied on members of every
Changing Breed and learned secrets about them tha
they would kill their own for revealing. Now hi:
trespass and his audacity have exceeded all expecta
tions, for the Old Man has infiltrated even the Length
ening Shadows themselves. The Sesha has been alertec
to this egregious breach of secrecy, but how will i
decide to deal with him? Can Manyskins be trusted tc
keep the Nagah's secret, or do tears fill up his foorprint

Nagar

away laughing at the very thought? When.
a makes its decision, will your characters' nest
de by it? Will your players' Nagah hunt the Old

down if they are so ordered? If so, how will they
? How will they kill someone who has escaped
d cheated death more times than they have
sun rise over the mouth of a river?

Chapter Four: Songs of the Exeentioners

And if the Sesha decrees that Manyskins be left
alone, how will your characters' nest take that news?
Will the characters agree and cower in their hoods
hoping that the Old Man dies before he can do too
much damage, or will they take the matter into their
own hands and eliminate this dangerous, unpredict-
able liability once and for all?

113

Spttty-s ¥)
Gab eric' i) os

Useuns G


All Nagah are individuals who are fully capable of
carrying out their responsibilities independently. With
the proper training, any Nagah could act as judge and

cutioner over his wayward Khurah cousins. Such
was the Nagah's way before the War of Rage, and
before Vinata.

Today, Nagah operate in nests in order to make
sure that no individual abuses the privileges of his

responsibility as Vinata did. This cooperation allows
each nestmate to develop skills that complement his
nestmates' skills and make up for his nestmates' weak-
. Working together also helps abate the loneli-
that the solemn, self-reliant Nagah are heir to.

ne:
nes

Above all, however, every Nagah character is an
individual.

Appendix One: Judges 115

JSidycpret

Quote: I wouldn't have let you buy me that drink if I didn't know exactly how this night was going to end

Prelude: The first sensations you remember specifically are those of the stench of human sweat, the warmth of human flesh and the
sad, gracelessgyrations of a pitiful human woman. You clung to her shoulders
and hung from her neck; lights and smoke blinded you, and you were
forced to endure her careless, loveless manhandling as she draped you
across her knobby limbs and jerk-weaved around in soulless paroxysms.
No matter how fervently you tried to crawl away or escape, she held you
mearing your skin with her sweat:

When you finally discovered the nature of your torture, you were
too horrified to remain complacent any longer. For the first time in
the life you remember, you looked around for some respite in the
world beyond the human woman's ungentle ministrations. You
prayed for release, but you saw only the eyes of human men
capering behind the many veils of smoke all around you. They
slavered over you and the woman who held you. They drank impure
ater and pressed as close as they dared to the stage on which the human
woman stood. Some reached out their hands to touch her, but she kicked their
hands away. Some fought with each other over who would come closest to the
both of you. Every move the woman made (and forced you to make across hersweat-slick
body) filled the men's eyes with an unholy fire

Buras you watched them, something coiled on the floor. A serpentgreater than yourself
twisted over and among them, sometimes sliding right through them, touching them as you
were forced to touch the woman. The men did not see it or feel its touch, but you could see
it — its path followed the woman's hateful, hollow eyes, infecting everyone it touched. Its
jaws snapped and its fangs flashed, clamping each of the men in tum and laying clutches of
tumescent, writhing eggs in their hearts. The men did not ery out in pain when this
happened — they yowled for joy and pressed ever closer to the woman who held you.
You could hear them — it was the sound that brought you out of your First Skin.
Feeling Rage for the first time, you turned on your "handler." Panic reigned
supreme as the lusting, thronging men beheld your terrible wrath, but their
panic and flight trampled the spirit serpent into dust and oily smoke.

and you have found your nest, but you remember (|
every move and motion of the woman who had enslaved you. You
remember how she lured and teased. You remember the effect it had,
Sometimes, you can still smell her stench.

clos

iS

Years have passe

Concept: You understand the effect that the anticipation
and promise of sex has on the members of other species. You
understand how it makes them weak and robs them of their
will. Be it in sinuous dance, subtle conversation or magnetic
eye contact across a crowded room, your every move pulses
with a heat chat melts your victims' better judgment and
leaves no question in their minds about what you want
from them. Whether you seduce your victims merely to
gain information or you set out to lure them to your
waiting nestmates, you know how to tease and tantalize
and promise just enough to turn a victim into a bid-
dable, willing slave.

Roleplaying Hints: The more often you do your duty
—as your nestmates call it — the more revolted you become
by the thought of having sex in your Balaram skin. You can see
the lust in the way others' pupils dilate and crawl over every
contour of your body. You can tell it in the way they try to touch
youasthey speak to you. You try toact cold and unwelcoming when
you are not specifically doing your job, but so many people see that
subtle resistance as a challenge to overcome. Only your nestmates
respect you when youneed your distance, and you love them more than
yy pathetic victim of yours has ever claimed to love you:
Equipment: Classy clothing that shows off
cigarettes (no lighter), synthetic pheromone roll-on,
stun gun

116


Baro nem Nee ere /

y AGAH /

Name: Breed: Vasuki Nest:

Player: Auspice: Kali Crown:

Chronicle: Kin Species: Cobra Concept: Seductress
Phiytloaf Joclaf Neon}

Strength, @@000 = Charisma. @@000 Perception @@000

Dexterity. @@@00 = Manipulation @e0e0 Intelligence @@000

Stamina____———@@@OO =8Appearance___—— @@@@O Os Wits @@000
Tapeohs Ske Knonfedget

Alertness. @@000)= = Animal Ken @@000 = Computer.

Athletics, @0000 Crafts, OOO00O0 — Enigmas @0000

Brawl @0000 Drive OOO0O _ Investigation. @@000

Dodge. @0000 Etiquette OO000 Law. OO000

Empathy. OOOOO | Firearms. OOOOO Linguistics. @0000

Expression. @@@00 Leadership OOO0O0O Medicine OO000

Intimidation @@@00 = Melee 00000 Occult OOO00O0

Primal-Urge @0000 Performance @@@00 Politics OO0000

Streetwise. OOO00O Stealth aed Rituals @@000

Subterfuge @@000) Survival Science. 00000

ee a

thugs =

G
Sting of Sleep
Sense Vibration

Iron Coils
Eackgroupat a Raye  beafph
Ananta___@eoo0o Bruised Q
Contacts —ee000 © ®&® 8000000 Hurt ai a
Pure Breed eeoo0 DOO0000000 Injured -l =
Rites @@000 Wounded 2 Qa
6000) ss aaa Mauled 2 oO
e@ee@eeeoooddood Crippled 45 Q
poOoOoooOoOoOoOgO Incapacitated Oo
ED Pes Wifponer per het0tl mmo

@eee@eoooodod

ms

OO00000000
LL ed

Siler

Quote: She's so beautiful when she's sleeping. And her skin is
so soft.

Prelude: You were a lonely child. You were too skinny to play
sports, too easily distracted for serious study and too strange to
make many friends. Instead, you watched the other children as
they played and imagined yourself among them. In your fancy, you
lifted the toys they dropped and caught them when they tripped to
save them skinned knees and bruised elbows. You imagined long
conversations with them that you never actually had. In your
mind, you kept them from making mistakes by telling them what
was right and wrong.

In high school, you did much the same, but you were more
active. You picked the most beautiful and popular student in your
school — Samantha, whom you knew from your grade school and
junior high — and you became a silent part of her life. When she
went to movies, you sat behind her. When she went home to her
parents, you saw her off to sleep from just outside her window. You
knew her better than everyone else put together. And you
watched her ruin her life.

She drank toomuch, your Samantha, and she had too many
boyfriends. Her grades slipped because her parents pressured her
too often about choosing the right college. The potential and
beauty that made her so special to you drained away before your
eyes. She stopped taking care of herself, and her friends stopped
callingon herone-by-one. Allexceptyou. When she
had fallen to her lowest point — just after
finding out that her last unofficial boyfriend
had gotten her pregnant — you visited
her. You wrote a note in her own hand-
writing and left it on her nightstand.
You weighed the note down with
her mother's prescription head-
achemedication. Youopened
abottleofsingle-malrscotch
from her father's liquor
cabinet and left it there
beside the note. You
locked her door from
the inside and waited
for her to wake up the
nextmoming. Whenshe

did, you explained to her
what she had to do. Although
terrified of you, she lk
right. An hour later,

you laid her down in

herbedand leftthe way
thatsomeone had been watch-
ing you just as you had been
watching your

knew thar you were
youhad come in. And youfound
Samantha.

Concept:
Ninety percent of
Nagah's duty relies
on monitoring one
victim forsigns of we:
ness, and surveillance is your
specialty. You monitor your nest's tar-

118

get in search of weaknesses of character or lapses in his
ity, and the nest's judgment often relies solely on the informatio
you uncover. But you are not a dispassionate observer. Ag you lear,
about and absorb the daily routine of a prospective victim, you
to know the person as well as she knows herself. Even if
judgment of her is not ultimately in her favor, you can't help.
love her a little. When a mission comes to an end, you can't
but weep silently at the loss of something that's become such an
intimate part of your own life. Your nestmates may consider you
selfish, but they have learned nor to gainsay your judgment.

Roleplaying Hints: Always be polite and deferential when
youspeak. Youdon't want word to get back to your target somehow
thar you are a boorish lout. When one of your nestmates performs |
some small action or utters a turn of phrase in a way that remind

you of your target, point it out to him. When you
meet your nestmates in a place that your target |
frequents, try to sit where your target
would sit and order what yout target |
would order.

If your judgment demandsthat |
your target be put to death, don't |
waver in your devotion to yourduty,

Remain impartial, and cary out
Gaia's will. Just be certain' thar
your face is the last your targer sees
so that he or she will know thar
what you've done had to be done for
his or her own good. When your
mission is over, don't dwell onit
Remember your target
fondly for the fleeting joy it
brought you, and moveon,
Equipment: Digital
camera; notepad;
shotgun mictophone.
tape recorder; small,
easily replaced souve-
nir from your
victim's home


Naga

Name: Breed: Balaram Nest:

Player: Auspice: Kamsa Crown:

Chronicle: Kin Species: Copperhead Concept: Stalker

Phiysteaf JSoclaf /tentaf
Strength @@000 == Charisma. @0000 Perception. 68860
Dexterity. @@ee@0 39 Manipulation. @@@00 Intelligence eee0e0
Samina________@@O000 Appearance_____ @@00O0 Wits____ @@000
Tatoott Ske Knonseryer
 Alertness___—— @@@OO-)=— Animal Ken____ 00000 Computer
Athletics O0000 Crafts. OO000 _ Enigmas @0000
Brawl. OO0000 Drive @0000 Investigation. @ee00
Dodge. @@000 Etiquette 00000 _ Law. 00000
Empathy. @0000 Firearms @0000 Linguistics @0000
Expression OOO0O0O Leadership. OO0000 Medicine. @0000
Intimidation. @@@00 = Melee. OO000O0 § Occult O000O0
Primal-Urge OOO00O0 Performance OO000 Politics @0000
Streetwise @@000 Stealth @e0e0 = Rituals OO0000
Subterfuge @e@@00 Survival OOOOO SCs Science. @0000
| ie Cie
| Eyesof the Dragon Kings

Persuasion

Predator's Patience

~ Backgrounds a Rage A P16 A[Yls mammnentow
Ananta @0000 Bruised =)
Contacts e0009; 9 0) 0'0''0/0.0.0,19 Hurt 1 Qa
Resources eeeoo GQOOOOO0000 Injured el Q
00000 y Wounded -2 Q
00000 etal Mauled -2 QO
30000 @eeoo0o000000 Crippled 5 Oo
noOoOoOOoDoOO0o00g0 Incapacitated Q

<< Rark- AU LON EP me vmmtor LLL OE mmo

@eee@ee@eooodod0dd
OQO0O0000000

EN ELT

NY


rr ee ne ft

GAH

| Name: Breed: Balaram Nest:
Player: Auspice: Kamakshi Crown:
Chronicle: Kin Species: Common Adder Concept: Cleaner
Pbysloah JSoclaf, Ntenfaf
Strength, @@0@00 = Charisma @@000 Perception. @@ee00
Dexterity. @@000 = Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence @e@e00
Stamina. @@@00 = Appearance @@000_ Wits eeee0
Talenkt Ske Kwonftedger
Alertness @@000 = = Animal Ken. OO0CO0O Computer. @0000
Athletics OQOO000 Crafts @0000 _— Enigmas 00000
Brawl @@000 Drive @@000 Investigation. eee8a)
Dodge @0000 — Etiquette___ OO0000- Law__ @ee00
Empathy. OOOOO Firearms. @0000 Linguistics. @0000
Expression, OOOOO Leadership. OOO00O0 Medicine. @@000
Intimidation @@000~ Melee @0000 = Occult OO000O
Primal-Urge. OOO0OO Performance. OO00O Politics. OO00O0
Streetwise. @@@00 Stealth @@@00 Rituals OO000
Subterfuge. @0000 Survival OOO0OO _ Science. @e@e@00
Self-Mastery
Resist Pain

Scent of Running Water

~ Bakyp 0 pi pmmmor Teg A Phenfh

Contacts @@000 Bruised a
Kinfolk @e000 8 OO O000000 Hurt we
Resources eoooo0 ODOOO000000 Injured -1 Q
00000 Wounded -2

00000 "Cinawls Mauled 2 a

o0000 FPP 99000000 Crippled >) a
noOoOoOoOoDoOoO0gN Incapacitated Qo

<< Rank A ifpioner » pertence

e@eeeeeeenooo
NoOO0000o0o00

Get up. Keep your feet farther apart, and don't lock your back knee when ‘you hunge this time
Ul that you know is war. One short year after you were born, both your mother and your father gave their lives defending
your court's caer. You remember only that your mother helped free you from your shell and your father shaded you from the sun with he
hood as he held you on the bank of the river that he most loved and played you
beautiful music on a wooden flue. Every other memory you have of your
youth is one of desperation, bloody battle or fleeting moments of res,
Your court was built around a river caern high in the mountains, and
it was second in power only to the Cherry Phoenix Court. Bakemong:
and Akuma and villainous Kumo lusted after this power, and every
hand that could hold a sword in the caem's defense could do your home

a valuable service.

The caern general adopted you and trained you in the varied formsoy

war after your parents' deaths. He reminded you constantly that you had no

home but this court. He made sure that you knew you had no family but the

warriors who would stand beside you and defend it. He warned you that you would

have no vengeance if you did not inscribe every lesson he taught you in the stone
of your heart,

Butas you grew and leamed and became able to stand in your
caern's defense with the other warriors at your general's
command, you realized that you did not thirst for yen-

geance. Your parents were shadows and pleasant dreams

to you. The general is your real family. You rememberhis

lessons as you remember his name, and you have
taken it upon yourself to pass those lessons on to

the new generation of warriors in your court

Concept: Where the general organizes the

forces that support and protect your court's caer, it is your
responsibility co train his eager young warriors in the art of war.
Your general expects his warriors to act without fail or hesitation
when he gives orders, and he expects you to make them able
to do so. You instruct the would-be defenders of your
court's caem in swordplay, unarmed combat, controlling
and focusing their Rage and squad tactics. On the rare
asion in which you form part of a sentai, you assume the
Pillar auspice.

Roleplaying Hints: When you train warriors, do
norfill their heads with koansand esoteric shadow lessons. Do
not assign them mundane tasks that will aid them only if they
discover how to apply those tasks to the field of battle. Tell
them what they need to leam, demonstrate it perfectly,

and have them repeat it. If they fail to perform their
lessons to your standards, demonstrate again and
have them repeat again. Never shame them or
make yourself their enemy, lest they waste
their energy trying to defeat you. Remind
them always that their general demands per-
fect, instant performance from each of them.
Remind them always that their enemies will
seize upon any weakness in their technique
to destroy them.

If your general should choose you to form
part of a sentai, do so without hesitation,
Refrain from taking the lead, even ifthe
other members of your war party are
all former students. Support them,
guide them, and teach them, but do
not force them to become dependent
ident that your tutelage has forged your students into capable warriors and leaders in their own right.

ooden flute

upon you. Bee

Equipment: Loose clothing, conical straw hat, katana, bokken,


AGAH

_ Name: Breed: Ahi Nest:
Player: Auspice: Kartikeya Crown:

Chronicle: Kin Species: Cobra Concept: Sensei
Physlenf Soclaf Ntentaf
Smengh___——— @@@OO =) CCharisma______ _ @@@O0 _~2Os—séPerception____ _@@@O0O
Dexterity. @@e@0@0 39 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence. @e@000
Stamina, @e@ee@0 38 Appearance @@000_ =" Wits @e@e@00
Talenkt Ske Knonfledgat
Alertness. @0000 = Animal Ken. OOOOCO Computer. OO00O
Athletics. @0000 Crafts OO0000 _ Enigmas @0000
Brawl, @e@e@00 Drive OOOOO Investigation. OO000O0
Dodge. @ee0@00 = Etiquette. @@000 Law. @@000
Empathy_____—s S®OO0O0O0 Firearms____ SS OOOOO ss Linguistics_____~—§®0O0O0O
Expression. @0000 Leadership. @@@00 = = Medicine OQO0000
Intimidation @0000- Melee. @@@00 = Occult @@000
Primal-Urge @0000 Performance. @@000 Politics @0000
Streetwise. OOO00O Stealth @0000 Rituals @0000
Subterfuge OO00CO Survival @@000 = Science. O0000

Slayer's Eye
Wyrm Sense
Eyes of the War God

~ BAcky p00 id f——aor i Rage + Heap

Ananta ___@@000 Bruised a

Ancestors 086500, "SO SISO 1 O2OQiore Hurt ae 7

Pure Breed eeoo0 DOO0R000000 Injured -1 a

Rites __@eo00 Sea 2 Wounded 2

00000 Mauled 2 QO

c0000 FF eC209090000 Crippled 5 Q

noooo00oOoOo0gO Incapacitated Oo

<= Rank AU LOH EP mmemm—eor + OLED C0 mmo

@e@e@eeo00000 S

QO00000000

a en eee ee ee Se

The bhoth of the Ther

Stones in ativer's bed shape the river and guide it,
but they are also polished by it. Stones may dam a river
orchop it intoa turbulent rush of white diamonds, but
their edges will all wear away in time. Then, when the
sigh and whisper of the river has fallen silent, only the
smooth-polished stones remain.

Vinafa

We spare no compassion for traitors or for fools who
betray. But between the two, I believe that She Whose
Name is Never Spoken but is Always Remembered is
among the latter. She is reviled, and rightly so, but she was
not bom in our contempt. There was a time when she could
have been the greatest among us. Although she was young,
she was a legend in every ear that heard her name.
Especially her own. She heard the fearful, reverent whis-
pers of those who witnessed her just actions, and she let
them inspire her to further greatness. Never was she content
with the last praise sung in her name; always did she strive
to be worthy of more and greater.

Thus did the subtle Wyrm ensnare her. It played the
strands of its cold, woven prison as harp-serings and praised
her as the pure and unbound avatar of balance reborn on
Earth. It sang her to sleep and gave her a vision of the world

a A a a

in harmony. Itshowed her the peace and balance that it had
striven to achieve before the Wyld drove the Weaver insane
and the Weaver's webs had ensnared more than was right
and proper. The Wyrm told the One Whose Name is Not
Spoken that such a world of harmony was possible in her
lifetime if she but made a crucial decision.

When she smiled, it showed her the one on Earth who
stood in the way of that peace. It showed her an young and
vicious werewolf whose howls carried over the seas and
whose fangs dripped with brother blood. The Wyrm told her
that this werewolf's eyes would see the last of balance and
peace on the Earth

She awoke then and hunted the Silver Fang down,
never knowing that the Wyrm had given her the most bitter
of poisoned apples. After all, even the Corrupter can tell the
truth when doing so suits its purposes.

T understand that the old Nagah who lived then — and
who would become the first Sesha — did not let her die for
avery long time. I can only hope that they let her live long
enough to see how thoroughly she herself had been betrayed.
Thope she was allowed to understand that no one of us can
serve a single master and claim to uphold the balance that
so pleases Gaia. I hope that I remember this as well for all
the days of my life, just as I will remember the name that is
never spoken.

Vitawa

Lalsowillveturn to the river this day to pay my respects.
Vasana the Three-Hooded, Vasana the Emerald, Vasana
the Terrible lies dead. They claim that he lies down merely
to sleep, but I know death's aspect well enough. He asked
only, Lam told, to lie at the foot of the mountain nearest his
home so that his Third Mother could judge him as he lay
dying. The moment he closed his eyes — so a witness
explained as | lay her stomach open —a spring swelled up
beneath him where none had ever run before. He lay
immersed in his Third Mother's joyous tears and disap-
peared from view. Those who knew him, such as the poor
girl I spoke to, say that he smiled as the water surrounded
him and his Third Mother took him home to her bosom.

I remember Vasana well. A generation of rakshasa
cringed to hear his name in memory of what he did two their
prince Jatadaka. The scrolls that hang in the Cherry
Phoenix Court praise him for standing atop Fujiyama when
all that court's defenders had fallen. I know of the time that
he allowed an elephant to trample him flat so that he could
hide between the reeds of the demon Kodomo Gunjin's
sandals and destroy the giantas it led its army to war against
the Temple of the Ancestors. For every soul I have taken,
for every word of hatred I have given and received, Vasana
has slain two bakemono and taken vengeance for three vile
deeds. Of all the warriors of this bright Age, Vasana is the
first among them.


I will go to the site of his grave as so many have already
this year. | will stare at the mouth of his grave-spring. I will
try to see his eyes between his Third Mother's fingers. Like
so many of my kind and his, I will shed one tear of pure
water into that river to show that even such as I can respect
one such as he

Tin Syopt

I do not love the Sesha or relish the time I spend with
them, but I miss Ten Steps. He waits at the ananta before
the Xi Wang Chi for ones like you or 1. He welcomes us to
the home of our judges and looks after our needs. When we
are weary, he leads us to rest. When we are thirsty, he
brings us pure river water in a wooden ladle that is older
than he is. When the Sesha calls us to report to them of what
we have done and seen, itis Ten Steps who calls on us as
we relax and escorts us to their chamber.

I don't know how old he is or who his parents were. I
know that he is American by the rattle on the end of his tail.
I know that he is ahi by his tongue that always splits at the
end. | know that he is lonely by the way his deep and yellow
eyes hold my own when I look at him. I know that he loves
the Sesha by the faltering reverence | see in the way he bows
toward their chamber when he escorts one such as you or I
into their presence.

need En Bes SS Gera

Ten Steps has never spoken to me, aloud or in
night's whispers, but that's the reason I miss him. He
does not ask me questions, so | am never tempted to tell
him the things I will soon tell the Sesha. I do not feel
compelled to confess to him of my fear or my occasional
uncertainty. I do not discuss with him any matter of
weight or consequence because he does not ask. And
what he does not ask, | need not answer.

The last time I addressed the Sesha and was denied an
audience with the Long Lu, Ten Steps came and sat beside
me on the rock where I had gone to sulk. He looked at me
with the same open respect that had lit his eyes when my
nestmates and I arrived at Nandana. He offered me no
comfort, nor did he offer me advice on the ways in which I
could improve my performance before the Sesha sent for me
again. He did not gaze on me with his eyes wide and his head
tilted in soulful pity. He only sat beside me as both of my
other nestmates learned at the feet of the Dragon Kings.

This is why I love Ten Steps and miss him when I am
away from Nandana. He did not demean me with pity or
patronize me with useless suggestions. He did not let me
brood and isolate myself from my nestmates. Although 1
revile it in every other member of my species, Ten Steps did
not judge me. | have spoken to my nestmates of this feeling,
and they have felt it too. Blessed is he who shows us that to

judge is only the whole of our duty, not the whole of our being.

\\ Mi
\


Abrabam Waverly

I know exactly who you're talking about. English guy.
Looks about 70 years old on a good day. Only talks outloud
when he's giving you orders or a lecture. Always cranes his
neck way forward when he's looking around. You're
talking about Waverly. Now don't panic, kid. I wouldn't
know his name unless he wanted me to know it, and I
wouldn't mention it to you if I didn't want you to know 1
knew the guy.

126

I was about your age when I met him. I'd just lost my
First Skin, and I was all alone. I'd bred true from two
Kinfolk, and Waverly tracked me down. He told me what
I was. He told me what it was I was supposed to do. He
Spent years with me just like he did with you, teaching me
about the others and what they're supposed to do. He
taught me how to find them, how to judge them and how
to kill them when they fall short. You're starting to relax,
so I guess that means he did all the same for you. That's
what he spends all his time doing, according to some other
folks I've talked to. He finds those who are lost, he trains
them, and he forms them into nests like he's done for you
and me. He'll have one more coming to join us in the next
year or so if | know Abraham.

Let me warn you right this minute, son, you had best
remember every word that man has ever said to you. You
had better not ever fall short. One of my last twonestmates
fell short. Marin, the one you're replacing. She hesitated
in her duty, and she got our partner Andreas killed by the
piece-of-shit HK Glass Walker we were after at the time.
She and I took the Walker down and cleaned up — we
even got Andreas' body all the way home to fucking
Mississippi — but Waverly found out. He showed up the
night after we buried Andreas. He just walked right in on
us while we were sleeping, dragging Andreas' body by the
hair. Waverly shoved the corpse in bed between Marin
and me. He looked at us and turned us into stone, and he
made us do some shit I'm taking to my grave and on into
whatever hell Gaia has waiting. After that, he left and
took Marin with him. He made her carry Andreas' body.
He didn't even let her get dressed.

Now here you are, and we're expecting another
soon. I know Marin's off in another of Waverly's nests
somewhere, if she's lucky. But kid, if you fall short ina
big way and Waverly finds out about it, you're going to
see for yourself that Andreas was really the luckiest of
the three of us.

Nagak

Ly Nik Cypetijo

First, a disclaimer: I speak from personal experi-
ence, so please remember one thing; venomous or large
constricting snakes are NOT for the inexperienced
handler. While snakes make wonderful pets, please
leave snakes that can do you harm to people that have
enough experience to handle them.

The Apatoray of a Snake

Snakes are one half of the order Squamata, falling
under the sub-order of Serpentes. This sub-order is
divided into a debated number of families, although
only four families are important for this limited space;
the Boidae (boids), Viperidae (vipers), Colubridae (colu-
brids), and Elapidae (elapids). The Boidae family is the
larger constrictors, both boas and pythons. Then there
isthe Viperidae family, which includes the rattlesnakes,
adders, and vipers. The largest family of snakes is the
Colubridae, with everything from cornsnakes and rat
snakes to boomslangs and catsnakes under its large tree.
Lastly, we have the Elapidae a family that includes
mambas, sea snakes, coral snakes, and the cobras.

One of the first things that must be understood
about snakes is thar they are not warm blooded as
mammals or birds are, but control their body tempera-
ture in one of two ways. All snakes are ectothermic, or
cold-blooded. Though this might lead people to assume

Appendix Two: Snakeskin

that a snake is cold to the touch, it simply means that a
snake's body temperature is controlled by its surround-
ings, and not internally. It's a popular assumption that
snakes are slow and sluggish, but more often than not
(assuming environmental conditions are favorable), a
snake's body temperature is higher than that of most
mammals, and therefore they function at amuch higher
metabolic rate than might be assumed.

Some snakes regulate their body temperature by
basking under the sun, usually on objects that absorb
heat, such as rocks or streets. This method, which is
called heliothermic, isdemonstrated inasmallernum-
ber of snakes, and is more often used by lizards, turtles
and the crocodilians.

These characteristics would seem to imply that
snakes are limited to tropical locales, but that is not the
case. I myself have caught everything from garter snakes
to rattlesnakes near my home, in the suburbs north of
Chicago. However, this does give the snake the advan-
tage of needing to take in far less food than most other
animals. Warm-blooded animals spend between sev-
enty and eighty percent of their energy maintaining
their body temperature. Thus, mammals need to eat
food almost daily to remain in top health, while reptiles
may go weeks without eating before they suffer any ill
effects. Anacondas regularly eat only once every three

127

months (although these meals are sometimes as large as
adeer). At the extreme end of the spectrum, there are
documented cases of adult ball pythons that have gone
a full sixteen months without eating.

Possibly the most interesting area of a snake is its
head. The snake's forked tongue, one of the most
distinguishing features of a snake, is also one of the
most useful. To sense its surroundings, a snake sticks its
tongue out and flicks it in the air. As the snake does
this, each tong, or side of the fork, picks up different
scents and different information. The tongue is then
pulled into the mouth and the snake slides it into the
Jacobson's organ on the roof of its mouth, one fork on
each side. The Jacobson's organ is a highly specialized
sensory device that relays information to the brain
about the snake's surroundings. The information re-
ceived from this tells the snake what its surroundings
are, where heat sources are, and which direction they
are in. It is in this manner that snakes receive most of
their information about their surroundings. To supple-
ment this information, some snakes have pits on their
lip just over the mouth to process additional informa-
tion; these pits are how the pit viper received its name.
Pit organs convey the ability to sense heat, in particu-
lar the body heat of prey.

Another unique development in the head of a
snake is the jaw. Most people believe that a snake
unhinges its jaw to eat, but this is purely myth. The
snake is able to open its jaw almost 180 degrees because
it has extra bones —as compared to other animals, of
course. Most animals have one jawbone that connects
directly to the skull. Inasnake, however, there are four
bones. First, the jawbone itself is split directly in the
center, and connected with a stretchable tendon.
Secondly, there are two extra bones, one on each side,
that fall between the jawbones and the skull.

Internally, snakes are quite confusing creatures.
They have pairs of most of their organs, like most
animals, but one is usually under-developed. For in-
stance, the left lung is usually quite reduced in size,
while the right lung is enlarged and elongated. The
walls of the heart do not fully separate in snakes, so
deoxygenated and reoxygenated blood flow together.

A snake's most unusual feature is its lack of legs.
This special adaptation allows the snake to go into the
densand hiding places of their prey. The snake compen-
sates for this lack of limbs with a set of specialized scales
and muscles on its stomach. While most of a snake's
body is covered with a tile-like scaling, the stomach
scales (or scutes) are rear-faced and overlapping, like
shingles ona roof. Using these scales to provide traction,
the snake then flexes its stomach muscles in waves, and
glides through its surroundings. Arboreal snakes have

developed this ability to such a degree that they can
climb up the side of a tree. Sidewinders use a similar
ability, though it looks quite different.

Snakes have developed two other ways of special-
ized movementas well. The seasnake, which hasa flat,
thin, vertical tail, swims almost like a fish, and has the
capacity to swim backwards. There are alsosnakes wha
can flarten the muscles in their stomachs outand glide |
through the air on their now thin, flat bodies.

From Eieth (or Platcbtag)
fo Daath wt a Spake

Snakes reproduce in one of two ways, egg layingor
live birth. Those snakes that do lay eggs often incubate
them until the young hatch. A reptile's eggs differ from
those of other egg layers as they are flexible and
leathery, not hard shelled. Snakes that give live birth
incubate internally, in a way similar to other animals.
Either way, the mother abandons the snakes as soon as
they are born. (Incidentally, cobras are egg-layers —
and king cobras are the only snakes to make nests for
their eggs. The female pulls together a mound of
leaves, usually bamboo, with her coils; the eggs are laid
inalower "chamber" while the female rests in an upper
section of the nest.)

Once a snake is out in the world, it is on its own for
survival. Fortunately, snakes come out of the egg (or
womb) both ready and able to hunt on their own.
Snakes eat a myriad of foods, including eggs, birds,
rodents, pigs, fish, insects, even lizards and other snakes.

Snakes grow rapidly in their first year, and as they
do so, they shed. As animals develop, they grow too
large for their skin to accommodate them. Animals
such as mammals and birds, lose and regrow the outer
layers of their skin one cell at a time continuously.
Reptiles, however, lose all their outer skin at one time.
A few days before a shed, a snake becomes duller in
color and its eyes take on a milky appearance. This is
because a thin layer of fluid is between the old and new
layers of skin, to help the skin glide off during the shed.

The sizes of grown snakes are some of the most
varied in all of the animal world. The smallest snake,
the flower pot snake of Mexico, if full grown at a mere
four inches. In contrast, the largest of the snakes, the
reticulated python, can exceed thirty feet in length.

Long before reaching full size, however, a snake
will have reached sexual maturity. During breeding
season male snakes huntdown and court the females of
the species. This courtship can be anything from mock
combat with other males to elaborate dances. After
copulation, the male snake is on his way, possibly to
breed with another female. Outside of breeding, al-
most all snakes are solitary creatures. While some

snakes do indeed live near each other or even den
together, this is nota social function as muchas itis the
snakes sharing prime territory.

The Vévors and,
Conttrlettor of Spake

While only three of the families of snakes actually
possess venom, there are many varied functions of
venom, and almost as many ways to deliver it. It was
once thought that only a few types of venom existed,
each belonging to a certain group of snakes. However,
we now know that there are almost ten different
compounds of snake venom, and while the effects may
look similar on the surface, each type of snake's venom
is different. Depending on the venom injected, a long
list of symptoms may occur. Some of these are swelling,
hemorrhaging, the breaking down of the nervous sys-
tem, and the necrosis, or death, of tissue. Do remem-
ber, however, that snakes only attack when they feel
threatened. First and foremost, venom is for catching
food. Generally speaking, there are two types of snake
venom — hemotoxins, which attack the blood, and

neurotoxins, which attack the nervous system. (Co-
bras use neurotoxin.)

Allofthesnakes in the Viperidae family are venom-
ous, and have one of the most recognized means of
delivery. When you see fangs extending, these are the
snakes. This is because this family's fangs are by far the

largest — so large, in fact, the fangs must fold back to
allow the snake to close its jaws. Larger snakes in the
family have fangs that measure a full two inches. They
deliver their venom with a quick strike, never grasping
onto their victim. As they hit, the fangs, which are
hollow, inject the venom in the same manner as a
hypodermic needle. This family's venom most often
attacks the circulatory system and causes swelling, in-
flammation, and hemorrhaging. It was once believed
that this type of venom was localized in its affects, but it
is now known that the localization of this venom's
effects was caused by tying off the area to prevent the
venom from spreading. In modern times, it is believed
that the best course of action is to allow the venom to
spread, so that when the antivenin is delivered, no one
area has suffered the full affects of the venom.

Once again with the Elapidae family, you have a
family that is completely venomous. Snakes in this
family do have distinct fangs in the front, but they are
much shorter and do not need to be folded back when
the mouth is closed. When asnake of this family wishes
to inject its venom, it must actually clamp onto its
victim. Ass this venom spreads throughout the body, it
most commonly attacks and breaks down the nervous
system of the victim. Some snakes in this family have
specialized fangs that allow them to spit their venom
from a distance. This is done as a defensive maneuver
only, and is designed to target the eyes of its attacker.


This attack is highly accurate, and can cause perma-
nent blindness in the victims.

Last of the venomous families, we come to the
Colubridae family. While most of the snakes in this
family are harmless, some of these snakes are indeed
venomous. However, they do deliver it in a different
enough manner that it deserves mention. These snakes
have fangs in the rear of their mouths and must chew

their venom into the wound for it to have an effect.

Jiake Warvtag Litiorat

Snakes have a wide variety of ways to wardoffand
trick predators. Some of these defenses ar
throughout the animal world, while othersare specific
to the snakes alone. Snakes use two typ
audible and visual.

One of the most common visual ways to fool a
predator is to mimic an animal that is dangerous to it.
A perfect example of this lies with the eastern coral
snake from the southern mid-west!This highly ven-
omous snake's bright black-yellow-ted-yellow pattern
warns otheranimals of its toxicity: Numerous harmless
snakes in the area have developed similar, yet slightly
different, patterns. It's still subject to debate wheeh
ornot mimicry isthe actual reason for these similari
between non-venomous and venomous snak
certainly seems to work. This variance gave'fi
thyme "Red on yellow, kill a fellow; red'
friend of Jack" — only the coral snake has the
yellow color connection. The hog nosed:
another unusual defense. When threatened,
nosed snake will puff up and hiss loudly.
does not work, it will flop over, open its mout
pretend to be dead. While making itself dei
may seem ineffective, some predators won't §
so this defense actually works quite well.

The most recognized of a snake's visual defe 7
are known as neck displays. While this ability is often
accredited to the cobra, other snakes have the capacity
todosoas well. When asnake expands its neck in such
a way, it is either done horizontally or vertically.
However, a snake will only have the ability to do one
or the other, not both. The most impressive of these
displays is that of the cobra. No image isso commonly
connected tosnakesas the defensive display of an open
cobra hood. However, most people misunderstand the
full usage of a cobra's hood. While yes, a cobra does
indeed use its hood to threaten attackers that it is
facing, there is good reason to believe that it is used to
ward off attacks from behind as well. If you look at a
picture of a cobra hood from the front and then the
rear, you will notice that the markings are far more
distinct from behind the snake. These markings look

130

similar to a pair of eyes or a face. This is used asa
defense in other species to make predators believe the
prey is far bigger than itis, or that it is even a different
animal. Another often-unknown fact is that cobras
often lean their heads forward, displaying their hood
markings to the sky. This is believed to ward off
airborne attackers.

Snakes use two audible warnings to ward off preda-
tors. The mostcommon is the hiss, asimple defense used
by exhaling. However, more distinctive is the rattle of
tlesnake. The end of a rattlesnake's tail ismade up
hollow scales the snake shakes when agitated.
it each other, they produce the distinc-
js noise can be heard for quite some
is unmistakable. As the rattlesnake grows
ynew rattles develop. It is assumed that
youcancountthe number of sheds rattlesnake has had
my thenumber of rattles on its tail, but as rattles fall off
and wear off through time and use, the numberof rattles
only reveals the minimum number of sheds the snake
has Since this defense is so distinct and effective,
some harmless snakes such as cornsnakes that live in the
area have learned to rattle their tails in the grass or
ayes around them to mimic the noise of the rattle. the

sound is different enough thatsomeone with experience
can tell the difference, but is convincing enough to fool

most predators.
The Xtag Cobra

Since the Nagah's original breeding stock is the
king cobra, this snake deserves some specific atten-
tion. One of the most unknown facts about the king
cobra is that it is an arboreal snake. This snake is
commonly depicted on the ground, though in all cases,
it is a tree dweller. Another virtually unknown fact
about the king cobra is that its diet is almost exclu-
ly other. reptiles, Since it is often seen on nature
shows fighting'with mongoose, it is assumed that these
snakes dine upon mammals, when, in actuality, mam-
mals dine upon them. Surprisingly, though an arborea
snake, the king cobra is the largest venomous snake ir
the world, the largest ever recorded topping off at ar
impressive eighteen and a half feet.

No discussion about the king cobra would be com
plete without touching on snake charmers. Not surpris
ingly, what you are told is happening and what i
actually happening in a snake charmers act are quit
different. If you were to believe the act, the cobra fall
into a trance, due to the hypnotic melodies and rhyth
mic movements of the snake charmer. While a snak
charmer may indeed play a good tune, it is high!
unlikely that the cobra is put into a trance by the music
Like all snakes, a cobra is totally deaf. In actuality, th
cobra feels threatened by its "charmer," and is waitin

Nagah

forthe right moment to strike out in defense. However,
as long as the snake charmer keeps moving, the cobra
holds back its strike, and the show goes on.

Rittlatwakat

One of the most recognized of all venomous snakes
in the world, and the best distributed throughout the
United States, is the rattlesnake. Found only in the

New World, this snake, from the Viperidae family, is

the most likely candidate for Nagah to breed with,

tropical, to temperate. The largest of th
eastern diamondback, can reach up to
the opposite end of the spectrum, so!
stop growing ata foot and a half. Allg

most venomous, such as the Mojave
dangerous enough to kill a Ithy 2
These snakes are almost al a

© Snakes in the Boidae fami
possibly the remnants of back legs. These sp
much larger in males so thee they may use
courtship.

© Venomous snakes may choose wh
venom or not when they bite. Bites with
often called "dry" bites.

© Australia is the only country tha
venomous snakes than constrictors. It is a
some of the world's most venomous snak«
who's seen the Crocodile Hunter show alr

© The idea for the heat-seeking missile
the thermoreceptive pits of vipers.

* There isa temple in Malaysia that is home tot]
Wagler's viper, a viper so docile, visitors feel safe
enough that they handle them regularly.

© Some snakes can sense a temperature change as
slight as 0.003 a degree from up to ten feet away.

Rethleenakes Round pe

Rattlesnake round-ups are a common pastime and
"sport" in the southern US, primarily in Texas. In these
round-ups, local people go out in the wild and catch
rattlesnakes by the thousands, they are then brought, en
masse, to acentral location, and placed in holding pens.

ct
are

ore
to
e

Appendix Two: Snakeskin

Often times, snakes die because they are piled so high in
their pens, that the ones on the bottom are crushed to
death. The remaining snakes are then used in games,
one of which involves dumping a dozen snakes into a
ting with the contestant, and seeing how fast they all
can be caught. Atthe end of the round-up, which often
lasts more than one day, they remaining snakes are
either eaten or just outright killed. Do keep in mind that
the count of rattlesnake bites each year includes those
foolish enough to participate in the round-up.

id all that I have about the dangers of
f you may wonder why anyone would
pet. While all snakes are wild animals,
n is a ways off, if even possible, some
locile, and make excellent pets. Your
nds corn snakes or rat snakes as a
, as they are hardy, usually docile, and
rable size. Please, please, please do some
what would be expected of you before-
no pet deserves an owner who isn't
take care of it!

ce

Obviously, the above information is only the
basics of what there is to know about snakes. | have
spent years learning about reptiles and have only just
scratched the surface. There are far too many books in
my reference library to name them all here, so I will
only name the books I actually pulled of the shelves to
do research.
Snakes, by David Badger
The Worlds Most Spectacular Reptiles and Amphib-
ians by William W. Lai ar, with contributing author
liam B. Love
r fiKeeping Snakes by Chris Mattison
by Chris Mattison
The neyclopedia of Snakes, once again by Chris
Mattison
Reptiles Magazine, various
Vivarium Magazine, various
Aknontedgpnenf
This chapter would not have been possible with-
out the help of my friend and colleague Donnie Schladt.

His reptile knowledge and experience was vital for
more than one part of this chapter.

131

THE RAGE RISES

Garou — va
the werewolves of : 7
legend. Once they

fostered hu mankind,

once they hunted it.
Now the Garou must
choose their battles
and their allies
wisely, for the Red
Star burns in the
Umbral sky. Can
the Apocalypse
itself be far behind?

Will the tribes
Set aside their
differences to
confront an
ancient enemy
in Eastern Europe,
or be consumed
by their own Rage?

The seven-book
Tribe Novel Series

begins with:

Tribe Novels:
Shadow Lords
& Get of Fenris

Available Now! ©

WHITE Woy


—— Nees

AGAH

Name: Breed: Nest:
Player: Auspice: Crown:
Chronicle: Kin Species: Concept:

—q

Ad anpagat
Giffe iife

Phiyticaf" JSéthaf Ntonfaf
Strength @0000_— Charisma @0000 _ Perception__ @0000
Dexterity_____ ~~~ @0000 8 Manipulation____@0000 __Intelligence___ @0000
Stamina_____—-—s ®@0000 Appearance___— ®O0000 Wits. @0000

Tapeokt Ske Knowledges
Alertness. ©0000 Animal Ken 00000 Computer. O©o000
Athletics 00000 Crafts 00000 — Enigmas 0O0000
Brawl. 00000 Drive 00000 _Investigation______O0000
Dodge. 00000 Etiquette_______ 900000 Law_______00000
Empathy. 00000 | Firearms. 00000 Linguistics 00000
Expression. 00000 Leadership 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation 00000 Melee 90000) Occult 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 Performance. Q0000 Politics O0000
Streetwise. QOOOO - Stealth 00000 Rituals_____ooooo
Subterfuge. 00000  Survival___——— 970000 Science. 00000

Zackgrounst a Rage
90000 Bruised Oo
6d000 -'00"'0"'0; 0" 0"0"'0"'0"'0 Hurt —
oooo0 ODOOOOROOOO0 Injured Al Q
00000 lt Wounded 2 Q
00000 "lin Mauled -2 jan
co000 9990000000 Crippled 5 0
ooooo ODO oODDoOOG Incapacitated a
ee Rif meer Noe . Bypersence

o000000000
OOOOO00000

9) arene eae aS

\

AGAH

Exfarate Mkarate Ael) Ditika~ —Kal} Dabiaka~ Ligtoki —
Stfength (+2)__ ¢Strengeh(+3)__s<Strength(+2)__ Strefigth (-1)__
No Stamina (+2)__ Dexterity (#2) Dexterity (+2)___ Dexterity (+2)__
gs Change Appearance (-2)__ Son Stamina (+2). Stamina (+1)__
Manipulation(-2)___ Manipulation 4 Appearance 0 Manipulation/0
Bite (Str); Claw (Str) ite (Sura); Caw (SEED) Manipulation 0 Bite (Str+1)
Difficulty:,6 Constriction Bite (Str+1); Claw (Str) Difficulty: 6
Difficultys7 Diffiéulry: 6 Constriction
TNCITE DELIRIUM IN A -
Mois (ofthe HUMANS Difficulty: 7 Zz
——————~ Sher Trt SSA Lif
OOOOO. Item: Level, Gnosis.
OO000 Power:
OO0O0O Trem: Level, Gnosis___
OOO0O0O Power:
O000O0 Item: Level, Gnosis.
OO000O0 Power:
OOO00O Trem. Level Gnosis.
OO0000 Power:
00000 Janckapa
OO0O00O
Sates §
oooooN
OO0000
OOO00O
OO000O0
OO00O0
OOOO0O
OO0000
Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage |Range| Rate | Clip Zeurbng Chart
Mancuyer Rll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 See Above/A
Body Tackle Dex+Brawl 7 Special/B
Claw Dex+Brawl 6 Soe AbovelA
Grapple. Dex+Brawl 6 — Streng
Kick Dext Brawl 7 Strength+I/B
Pinch Dex Brawl 6 StteogihyB
Y


y GAH

Nature: Demeanor:

Nerf Cat = =Faw Type Foes

|

— panded Background: ee ae

Avatha Kinfehe

Avcetfort Pure Breed

Conpadt Resources
=< PettatlOns amemnvnameentleo' ane A. Cxperletict mmmemnmmem ot

j Gained From:.

Equipment (Owned):

TOTAL SPENT:
SpentOn:

~
——

5 Nica

2 eee carers neuer orem

car'

Age:

Hair.
Eyes:
Race:
Nationality:

Height | Weight
Balaram:
Silkaram: Battle Scars:
Azhi Dahaka:
!
|
{

Kali Dahaka:
Vasuki:

Natt hart Character Skifoh


[OCR skipped on page(s) 138]