# File: Caerns - Places of Power.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

\ A World Sourcebook
Pt Werewolf:The Apocalypse"


RNS

h PLACES OF POWER

A Garou World of Darkness

Legends of the Garou



by Alan Bryden

Luna's glory smiles upon you, my cubs. Not her frag-
ments — the gibbous moon, the full moon, the crescent
moon. All her beauty smiles upon you.

Only recently did you learn what you truly are. You are
Garou. The Uktena are your tribe; you have found your
auspice. You will find other Garou strange in many ways
One Garou will always be a mystic. Another will always
rage and pounce. Why is that? you ask. Why should a Garou
be so predictable? Even the tricksters are constant, never
failing to use trickery and deception when wise words
would serve best

Look above you. Look at Mother Luna. Each of you were
Firsted here, on this sacred site, at the caern you will call
home. I see you blink. Do not. With each flutter of your
eyes, she appears differently. Simply cast your gaze steadily,
and you will see beyond the different masks she wears and
see Luna, more beautiful than any one fragment could be.
The auspices are just that: fragments of a whole. Only on
this site will all the fragments be joined as one.

This is the Caern of the One Moon, and you are the first
generation of Garou to have been born under her blessing.
Great gifts will be given to you, Gifts other Garou will never
understand. You should not tempt them to try. Indeed,
even the location of this place must be kept secret. Other
tribes have unwittingly betrayed our secrets in the past.
Suffice it to say that they call this caer an "enigma": a
place of paradox, with mysteries only the Uktena under-
stand.

The first of my two tales tells of how this caern was
discovered 20 years ago by an Uktena called Breathes-in-
the-Desert. It tells of our first victory over the Black Spiral
Dancers. The second tale tells of how the caern was opened.
The battle for the caern was lost until we played our terrible

Fragments of a Whole

Legends of the Garou

joke on the enemy, making the winners the losers and the
losers the winners.

How was our caern discovered? Breathes-in-the-Desert
had stolen an evil fetish from the Dancers. It was a simple
theater spotlight with a rotating hood. Inside was its source
of power, a captured moonbeam. The hood could be drawn
in front of the moonbeam. If the hood was half drawn, the
light could be shone on a Philodox, and her Gifts could be
doubled, regardless of Luna's aspect. Even for a Ragabash,
if the spotlight was on, but hooded, the powers of the
Ragabash would be increased. The hood would only alter
the aspect — Luna's power was still contained.

The Black Spiral Dancers were furious, They pursued
Breathes-in-the-Desert across the earth, drooling for his
flesh. The Uktena's pack spread across the land, spreading
false signs and travelling in disguise. The Dancers were
confused. They hunted everywhere, but found them no-
where.

Atlast Breathes-in-the-Desert stopped. He'd come toa
place far from the humans and their Wyrm-infested cities.
Te was high on the plateau, shielded from the winds by
surrounding hills, The ground was cold and rocky, but
Breathes-in-the-Desert was tired. Luna smiled down to
him, so he slept, and he dreamt of his mistress in the sky.

As he dreamed, Luna lifted him to her breast. They
became lovers

Foramonth, they were inseparable, always embracing or
walking hand in hand. Eating and sleeping, loving and
working, strolling in the darkest gardens and sitting by
firelight for hours and hours.

One night they stood at a precipice, gazing across the
dark ocean. Luna lifted the stage light and shone it upon
herself. Slowly, she rotated the hood, turning her auspice
from full to half to dark and back again. Breathes-in-the-
Desert looked into her face and thought back to their

month together, when she was arbitrary and just, mysteri-
ous and open, full of mischief and deadly serious. The hood
moved faster and faster and faster, and the face of Luna
changed faster and faster and faster until she was one
being—not Luna the full moon ot Luna the half-moon or
anything other than Luna, a single being, contradictory
and complete

The stage light faded. Luna turned to Breathes-in-the-
Desert. She let the light slip from her fingers, and it fell to
the depths below.

"{ love you," said Luna, speaking the words with every-
thing in her. "I love all Garou."

Then Breathes-in-the-Desert awoke. Luna shone above
him, smiling to him. Had a month passed? Or only a night?
Dawn was near, and the sun was lifting his head slowly from
the east

Howling came from the west. Torturous sounds were
summoned from black lungs and poisoned throats.

The sounds were made by Black Spiral Dancers. Three of
them descended upon Breathes-in-the-Desert. They saw
the amuletshe wore and laughed, for he was only a Theurge.
They knew he would be a dangerous foe if he was prepared,
but a Theurge has no hope against an ambush of three
Ahroun hunters. They leapt quickly to stop him from
evoking a charm.

Breathes-in-the-Desert ducked; the first Dancer's claws
scraped his back, Breathes-in-the-Desert then lifted his
finger and with just a touch, his enemy went sprawling into
the others.

The Dancers scrambled free, confused, and Breathes-in-
the-Desert used their moment of surprise to scrape his claws
ona rock beneath his feet.

"You will never see her fullness!" he howled. The Garou
leapt, rakinga Dancer and tearing her chest apart, Polluted
blood sprayed into the dawn sun.

The other Garou looked into the sun and were blinded,
bur only fora moment. Their eyes filled with milky fluid,
and Breathes-in-the-Deserthad vanished. Then one Dancer
felt the muscles of his back sliced apart from razor-sharp
claws. Hisneck was crushed in the Uktena's jaws. Breathes-
in-the-Desert kicked the filthy corpse away and spat at the
last Dancer.

The Dancer cowered, shaking in fear. "Who are you,
who has the powers of all aspects?" Her voice quavered at
the sight of Breathes-in-the-Desert .

"There are things you will never know, Ak-Gah!" he
replied, He could sense the Dancer's name written upon
her poisoned heart, and the Dancer was frightened even
more. There are things you know now that you will soon
forget!"

Breathes-in-the-Desert clasped his fetish —a bag of dust
from the bones of man and wolf —and pointed at Ak-Gah.
She quivered more, and sunk to all fours. Her eyes grew
dull, She became wiser than she'd ever been before as she
turned fully into an animal. That much is clear, for she

turned and ran into the wilderness, and simply ate and slept
and hunted as a beast for the rest of her life. Breathes-in-
the-Desert returned to the plateau, and he knew it would be
his home.

‘We are now sitting by that plateau. That was how this
caern was discovered. Breathes-in-the-Desert is godfather
to every one of you. When he looked across the desert after
the fray, he knew that a caer had to be formed to show
Luna in all her glory. He was filled with love for Luna.

The spotlight, however, was empty. Luna had taken
back what was hers.

Quickly, he called to the brothers of his tribe, and they
carried the bodies of the dead Dancers to a place far away.
They left the useless fetish in the dead Garou's clutches for
their tribe to find.

‘We won that battle. We won with bravery, trickery and
secrets no tribe can hide as Uktena do. But the true battle
was yet to come. While the caern had been found, it had
still to be opened. And during the opening, the Umbra
rippled and shook, and even we have difficulty hiding in the
shadows.

Attend the tale of Anhai, the metis.

Anhai seemed normal, even attractive, although her
throat appeared scarred. She could sing more beautifully
than any in the pack. Across the plains, her voices — yes,
voices —sang sweetly. She could charm violent creatures
and draw them to her hand, Her voices were truly beautiful,
but once you saw her, the sight was almost too terrible to
bear, She had a second mouth torn in her throat. It sang
sad, beautiful songs, but to see that gaping red hole where
only fur should be was too much.

She rarely sang, and only then in the mountains, far away
from the others. "I'll bet the Black Spiral Dancers would
appreciate me," she would joke half-heartedly. The others
would say nothing.

One evening, Breathes-in-the-Desert returned the pack
and told of what he had dreamed. He told his pack about
the caern they must open, He kept the caern's location
secret toa very few, but Anhai was not foolish. Perhaps she
guessed the secret.

That night, Anhai left the pack. That betrayal at such a
moment must have given the elders a fright, yet the plans
forthe caern went ahead without change. Surely, Breathes-
in-the-Desert must have known of this, and certainly he
had spoken to Anhai before she left. We will never know
for sure,

Did Anhai betray our sept? Perhaps there were moments
over the next months when she truly felt herself to be a
Black Spiral Dancer. Certainly she danced the Black Spiral
itself, and there she would lose much of her self and her
mind.

On the night of the ceremony, all was ready. The Uktena
packs spread across Gaia, walking in processions from site
tosite. They left Garouat each place, chanting and praying,
to confuse the Black Spiral spies as to where the caern's

4 Caerns: Places of Power

location truly was. Breathes-in-the-Desert, cloaked in dis-
guise, finally paused at a barren spot in the mountains and
motioned to his Garou to prepare for the ceremony.
Breathes-in-the-Desert and five elders sat in a circle and
began to chant. The others spread out to guard them.

Before they even began, the surrounding wilderness
came alive with the howls of the Black Spiral Dancers. A
hundred or more surrounded them, followed by their Banes
and fetishes. Breathes-in-the-Desert cocked his ears and
smiled grimly. Anhai's voices were still beautiful, even in
the terrible din.

The army of the Wyrm attacked. Bounding from the
darkness, the Dancers charged madly, gleefully swinging
theirclaws to and fro. Occasionally a few would attack their
own compatriots, or blunder past a quiet Uktena who
would attack from behind.

The first wave was pushed back. Although there were
nearly three Black Spirals to one Uktena, they turned their
tails and fled as the elders chanted on.

Anhai sang once more. It was no longer a steady, sad
song, or even a strong, warlike song that she would keen
when singing to the Uktena, This song was of the Dancers.
It wavered maniacally. Her voices laced into impossible
patterns of madness and glory. The Black Spiral Dancers
once more broke into a frenzy, and the Uktena guards were
struck dumb with fear. They charged once more, but this
time the Dancers were not filled with glee. They were
consumed by rage as they tore apart the frightened guards,
They reached the inner circle.

"Stop!" commanded Anhai, and the Black Spiral Danc-
ers paused and drooled, They circled. Some chewed upon
the dead flesh of friend and foe alike.

"You look well, Anhai," said Breathes-in-the-Desert .
"You no longer try to hide your gift."

She sneered. "You too, father. I told my friends all about
you — and about my dear departed mother. You were

fortunate she died giving birth; she might have affected
your clan standing."

"Have you come home, Anhai?"

"{ will never come home, father. There is no caern here.
Just old men chanting nursery rhymes."

"But our sept will have a home," said Breathes-in-the-
Desert . "They are opening the caern now, miles away."

"You will never see it, father. Nor will 1."

She pounced. Breathes-in-the-Desert gave no resistance
tohis daughter's attack. She slashed his throat and tore his
head from his body.

She crouched over his fallen body . "Come, my sisters!
Thisis your victory!" Anhai laughed and tossed her father's
head in the air. It fell down in the dust. "Look! There is no
caern here. The true caen has been opened, and it will
never open to you!" She laughed again, nearly falling in
stupor. "This greatbattle overastretch of nothing. Alll your
glory was for nothing, The jesters will sing of this for a
hundred years! I will never be part of a tribe so foolish!"
Tears were streaming from her eyes. "I am Uktena! You
believed me when I said that the only one who could open
this caern was the one who discovered it. Ha! Anyone can
do it! Why don't we try right now? Chant the m:
—‘Ohwa — taygoo—' "

They leapt upon her. Every Black Spiral Dancer left
living pounced and tore her to pieces. They tore the pieces
to pieces, and when there were no more pieces, they tore at
each other. Their hopeful Hive was now a ruin.

agic words!

The few Uktena left quietly disappeared. They returned
to their pack, now a newly formed sept. They gathered
around the caer, this caern, where you pups were born
fifteen years ago.

Youre the first brood of pups to be born in the full sight
and blessing of Luna. Do not waste your Gifts, children, for
you are blessed, part of a special breed that can accomplish
much. You are Uktena. You are Garou.

Legends of the Garou 5


Credits

Authors: Emrey Barnes, Steven C. Brown, Phil Brucato,
Alan Bryden, Sam Chupp, John Gavigan, Harry Heckel,
Christopher Howard, Sam Inabinet, Izumi Hideo, David
Key, Kenneth Meyer, James A. Moore, George Neal,
Roderick Robertson, Ryk Strong, Teeuwynn,

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Brian Campbell

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: John Bridges, Sam Inabinet, SCAR Studios, Dan
Smith, Ron Spencer, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Brion
Wackwitz

Maps: Brian J. Blume

Cover Art: Scott Hampton

Typesetting and Layout: Sam Chupp

Logo and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without written permission of the publishers expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Werewolf: The
Apocalypse, Caerns: Places of Power, Umbra: The Velvet
Shadow, Rage Across New York, Book of the Wyrm,
Vampire: The Masquerade, Mage: the Ascension, A World
of Darkness, Garou, Kindred, the Wyrm, all Vampire Clan
names and all Werewolf Tribe names are trademarks and
copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or prod-
ucts in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerned.

Maps: Some graphic elements © 1993 by Brian]. Blume.

Special Thanks

Lyndi "King of the Tyrants" Hathaway-McKeeman for
her dinosaur that eats soldiers, steals sports cars and stepson
kids.

Wes "I Don't Throw Up" Harris for going back on his
word after a night at the Yacht.

Travis "Miniature Brain" Williams for making sure ev-
erything is compatible with those little metal guys.

William "Parental Guidance" Hale for taking care of his
new baby — er, car.

Rebecca "Shake and Bake" Schaefer for being lifted off
her feet at the Howl-In.

Danny "Do Something Funny" Landers for providing
the comic relief in four-square.

Rene "Lucky" Lilley because no one can come up with a
special thanks for her for this book!

Dedication

To Vincent Price, 1911 - 1993, the gentlemanly

master of darkness. His films include such horror clas-
sicsas House of Wax, Theater of Blood, The Raven and The
Abominable Dr. Phibes. Thrillers will never be the same
without his voice.

6 Caerns: Places of Power

CAERNS'

PLACES OF POW ER $

Contents
Legends of the Garou: Fragments of a Whole 1
A lesson on Luna and the sactifices required of caerns
Introduction 8
Expanded rules for Moon Bridges

Black Furies: Greece 14
Bone Gnawers: Washington D.C. 26
Children of Gaia: San Francisco 36
Fianna: Jreland 46
Get of Fenris: Germany 56
Glass Walkers: Hong Kong 66
Red Talons: Alaska 16
Shadow Lords: Japan 86
Silent Striders: Casablanca 96
Silver Fangs: Russia 106
Stargazers: Tibet 16
Uktena: Australia 126
Wendigo: Arizona 136
Black Spiral Dancers: Beneath the Earth 146
Appendix: The Kitsune (Werefox) 15S

These native hengeyokai (shapeshifters) of Japan know many secrets of the East.

Contents


Nature, of which they feel themselves tobe embodiments, and
which is atthe same time their sanctuary, will end by conquering
this artificial and sacrilegious world, for itis the Garment, the

Breath, the very Hand of the Great Spirit.
— Frithjof Schuon, The Feathered Sun

The Primal Land

All across the Earth, there are places of spiritual power
and strength. These places are dangerous to the ignorant
and unwary, to those who would destroy. These places have
defenders— the Garou.

There are legends about these sites. The truth behind
them is garbled through the haze of the Delirium. To
humanity, the wilderness is a place of fear, filled with the
terror of the unknown. This is because of the rabid defense
ofthe woods upheld by the Garou. While they defend their
sacred homelands from defilers, their careless disregard for
humanity has had a telling effect. Humanity now has an
insatiable drive to wipe out the wilderness and tame the
savage lands beyond their backyards.

But the wilderness is not the only abode of spirit left in
the world; the cities also have pure spots. Although most of

the tribes will not admit it, some Garou have discovered
ways to awaken what has long slept in warrens of concrete
and steel, They use the strange yet natural elementals of
electricity and glass.

Introduction

The fate of these sites is in the hands of the Garou. They
can be held for future generations or squandered in fits of
rage...

How To Use
This Boo

This book has three purposes. First, itis meant to provide
a look at Garou throughout the Gothic-Punk world and
illuminate some of the struggles going on all over the Earth
Second, it is meant to provide places of adventure for
travelling packs of Garou. Each caern has story ideas listed
with it; the Storyteller can use these springboards to build
afull-fledged, world-spanningchronicle. Finally, itis meant
as a character book, providing full write-ups and game
statistics for many NPCs. The Storyteller should feel free to
use these NPCs in any situation, even if he does not use
their particular caern settings.


The Noteworthy Caerns

Within this book are details on 14 aerns throughout the
world. These caerns are the most well-known to the Garou,
for they are the ones that thread the major Moon Bridge
routes throughout the world. These are not the only caerns
in their respective areas, but they are the most noteworthy
to outsider Garou.

The most famous caern in the world is the Wheel of
Ptah, run by the Silent Striders in Casablanca. From there,
many of the major Moon Bridges depart, sending Garou
actoss Gaia's world to their destinations. Other Werewolf
sourcebooks have detailed many caerns throughout North
America. The most well-known of these are the Central
Park Caern (run by the Sept of the Green) and the Gaia's
Hand Caern at New York's Finger Lakes. However, Story-
tellers should feel free to make a caern of their own creation
just as important or powerful.

Moon Bridge Route Maps

Moon Bridge routes between two sites are listed as
primary, secondary or tertiary. A primary route is one that
is routinely kept "safe" (see "Moon Bridge Types" below)
through renewed rites between the two caerns. A second-
ary route is also "safe", but is not traveled as often. There
is a chance that, in any given year, the two septs may
neglect the proper rites. A tertiary route is one that is rarely
travelled, and it may or may not be safe, depending on how
long ago the last trip was made (Storyteller's discretion).

The Moon Bridge Route maps have some caerns listed
that do not appear in this book. These locations can be
found in the previous Werewolf supplements listed below:

* The Amazon — The majorcaern in the Amazon is the
Hollow Heart Caern. Many Garou travel to this site in
search of glory in the Amazon War. See Rage Across the
Amazon.

* Black Hills National Forest: Pure Heart Caern —
This is a caern run by Wendigo, Uktena and Children of
Gaia. See Valkenburg Foundation.

* Chicago: The Wind Catchers Caern — This is the
major caern left in the city after the War of Chicago. See
Under a Blood Red Moon.

* Saskatchewan: Winter Wolf Caern — This xeno-
phobic Wendigo caern has some ties with the Sept of the
Green in New York's Central Park. See Rite of Passage.

* Washington State: Caldron Rock Caern —ThisRed
Talon caemn isxenophobicand anti-human. See Valkenburg
Foundation.

Further Reading

The caerns given here are from all over the world.
However, there is not enough space here to provide full
details on their geography or the human cultural and
political situations in each region. Any Storyteller using a
caern presented here may wish todosome extra research on

the land in which the caern appears. Most libraries should
have all the extra information desired; back issues of Na-
tional Geographic can be especially useful. Traveller's
guidebooks can also be helpful and provide extra maps.

Many of the supernatural residents of foreign lands in the
World of Darkness can be drawn from the myths and
legends of their lands. Researching the native mythology
for the places given in this book is highly recommended.
White Wolf plans to release more detailed sourcebooks on
some of these regions in the future.

Moon Bridges

If the Garou are Gaia's immune system, then Moon
Bridges are her veins and arteries. They allow the Garou to
travel across the world to fight her infection. They were
originally developed as a desperation measure by a brave
Theurge willing to gamble his very life and spirit while
placing his trust in Phoebe, the Incarna of the Moon. Moon
Bridges became commonplace during the Impergium, where
they were used to keep track of the human population as a
whole.

The first transoceanic Moon Bridge was opened to the
Hand of Gaia Caern from the Silver Fangs' Caern of the
Crescent Moon in Russia. It was the result of a Silent
Strider's urgent need to bring the wise and respected Silver
Fang Philodox, Walks-With-Gaia, to a peace meeting
between the tribes of the Pure Ones and the European
Garou, a meeting that resulted in the Five Nations Pact.

‘A Moon Bridge is actually a nonsentient spirit called a
Lune, which shapes itself into pearlescent, elastic, roughly
textured tube of force about 10 feet in diameter. Drawing
from the power of Luna (the Celestine), the spirit elongates
itself and stretches through an area in the Aetherial Realm
of the Near Umbra. This area is called the Aether. The
Bridge arches up until it reaches the limits of its power and
then begins to descend. As it descends, itslopes out toasafe
grade and eventually terminates in the caern of its destina-
tion. The Moon Bridge establishes itself at the speed of
light, so it takes only a moment to connect from one caern
to another.

Running on the "floor" of a Bridge is easy for a Garou in
any form, and the grade of descent or ascent is never more
than 10 degrees. Actually running through a Bridge is not
required, although most Garou do run. Ifa Garou walks, she
willarriveat roughly the same time as one's packmates. The
spirit actually carries the Garou within it at an incredibly
fast rate.

Garou travel through a Moon Bridge single file. Travel-
lers emerge from the Bridge in the same order as they
entered it, regardless of the individual speed of the Garou
involved. Before it closes, a Moon Bridge can carry five
Garou per level of the originating caern. If necessary,
another Moon Bridge may be opened immediately asecond
later to send another group through. This becomes impor-

10 Caerns: Places of Power

tant when a caem is under attack or is being evacuated via
Moon Bridge.

Time in a Moon Bridge is nonexistent except on the
longest trips. Even then, one hasa few moments to note the
surroundings before exiting at the destination point. The
walls of the Moon Bridge are only translucent, but they
occasionally become transparent, showing the Garou flashes
of the Umbra they are passing through. Sometimes an evil
spirit or Black Spiral Dancer on an aisling through the
Aether will leap onto a Moon Bridge shrieking past and
attempt to ride it to its destination. It will have todeal with
the caern's totem as well as any Warders who may be
watching.

Distances

The distance a Moon Bridge can traverse dependson the
caern where the gate is opened. If the Moon Bridge is not
opened at a caern (such as by a Lune or other spirit), the
distance is 1000 miles.

Caern Ranking Distance Possible
1 1000 miles
2 2000 miles
3) 3000 miles
4 6000 miles
5 10,000 miles

Moon Bridge Types

There are three kinds of Moon Bridges: Safe, Attack and
Wild. A Safe Moon Bridge is one opened between two
caerns whose Gatekeepers (and totems) agree on opening
the Bridge. A Safe Moon Bridge can be made safer by the
Rite of the Opened Bridge (see below).

Attack Moon Bridges are opened to caerns that do not
wish to receive them for whatever reason. Perhaps the septs
involved are quarreling, perhaps their Totems don't get
along, or perhaps one believes the other tobe tainted by the
Wyrm, An Attack Moon Bridge must break through the
spiritual defense of the caern's totem. They are opened with
the Rite of Luna's Spear (see below). They are very danger-
ous to travel, but once established, they can be considered
safe,

The third kind of Moon Bridge is a Wild Moon Bridge.
‘A Moon Bridge is wild when a caern either opens a Bridge
to a Lesser Pathstone (see below), accesses a caern it has
never accessed before or opens to a caemn without a
Pathstone. If the caern initiating the Moon Bridge has a
damaged or Lesser Pathstone, all Moon Bridges opening
from it are considered Wild. These Bridges are the most
capricious and dangerous of all, but they have been excel-
lent last-ditch methods for travel. They are sometimes the
only option facing a Garou.

NORTH
AMERICAN
MOON
BRIDGE
ROUTES

Introduction ves


Safe Moon &: ridges

These are opened during normal times with the consent
of both caern totems involved. Roll three dice. If a "I"
comes up on all three dice, something goes wrong with the
Bridge: either it dies in mid-course (which leaves the
characters floating in the Umbra someplace) or it connects
to some place radically different. This botch should be
annoying, but not especially dangerous. Performing the
Rite of the Opened Bridge once a year at the caern will
negate the need for the roll.

Attack Moon Bridges

These are opened during times of war and when there is
trouble getting through to a caern which may be under
attack. The Moon Bridge actually breaks through the
spiritual defense of the caern totem. This is done through
the Rite of Luna's Spear (below). Roll twodice. Ifthey both
come up 1", the Moon Bridge botches and something bad
happens: either the characters are deposited in a strange
part of the Near Umbra, or they find themselves material-
izing on a street in a strange city, or they suddenly find
themselves back at their own caern.

Wild Moon Bridges

These are opened by the foolhardy and the desperate.
They are capricious and rarely deliver their travellers to the
appropriate destination. Some Ragabashes love them, how-
ever, and find them to be a lot of fun—until a Bridge dumps
them into a strange and deadly location. Roll | die. Ifa"
comes up, something horribly, horribly wrong has hap-
pened. The travellers could be funneled through a Hellhole
straight into Malfeas, or find themselves locked in an
eternal circular Moon Bridge, or take damage from a Wyld
Flux backlash that rocks the Bridge as they travel it. A
Ragabash with the Open Moon Bridge Gift can use it to
open Wild Moon Bridges from his caern to other caerns.

This isa highly risky venture, but such is the nature of the
New Moon.

The Caern Totem
and Moon Bridges

The totem of the caer acts as a manager over Moon
Bridges. It has the initial say over whether an impending
Bridge can connect. It an draw Gnosis from the caern and
erect a spirit barrier preventing the connection. Bridges
that don't instantly make the connection are repulsed and
immediately collapse. The caemn on the otherside wouldn't
even have time to send a Garou through.

The caern totem decides where the connecting Moon
Bridge opens within the bawn of the caern. It may choose
to open it in a deep, dark dungeon under the caern, in the
Warder's audience chamber, in the Umbra, or in an ambush
prepared for such an occurrence. Many caerns have special

"waiting areas" set up for newly arrived travellers, especially
if the caemn is a powerful one in a central location.

The totem is in constant communication with the
Gatekeeper of the caern, who can technically order the
totem to "close the caern" or "open the caern." The totem
will usually do as it damn well pleases, but the Gatekeeper
is usually a powerful Theurge with the ability to coerce the
totem if need be.

Moon Brid
Rites and

Rites
ite of the Opened Bridge

Level 4

This is essentially the same rite given in the Werewolf
rulebook (with a few changes). Once per year, a sept must
renew the connection between its caern and caerns that
will be used as destinations for Moon Bridges. This rite is
enacted simultaneously by both caerns duringa moot. This
can be hard, for ifone caern ison the otherside of the world,
then one of the septs must enact the rite during the day.

This rite establishes a spiritual connection between the
Pathstone of one caern and the Pathstone of another caern
by way of the two caemn's totem spirits. The rite culminates
ina Moon Bridge spontaneously opening between the two
caerns, Garou from both caemns will travel and join in a
wild revel, which usually occurs at both caemns. This rite
must be renewed once every 13 full moons (roughly a year).
These rites used to be timed by the star's positions, butnow
synchronized watches are used by some septs.

The ritualist rolls Wits + Enigmas. The difficulty is 8
minus the level of her caern. She must make a number of
successes equal to the target caern's level. She may spend
Willpower on the roll. If her Pack Totem is the same as the
totem of the caern, she receives a bonus of three dice to the
roll. If this rite was previously successful with the target
caern, then the ritualist gains a -1 modifier to the difficulty.

If the rite succeeds, the Moon Bridge opens immediately
and the spirit-bond between the two Pathstones is estab-
lished. Safe Moon Bridges may now be opened at any time
between the two caerns, The Bridges may be opened with
the Rite of the Opened Caemn (asin the Werewolf rulebook),
or the Ragabash Gift: Open Moon Bridge (if performed at
the caern).

If the rite fails, no Moon Bridge opens, and the rite
cannot be tried again until next year. Safe Moon Bridges
may still be opened to the caern as normal, but they will no
longer be as safe as they once were.

If the rite botches, no Moon Bridge opens, and the
Pathstone in the caern is scorched with the badly handled
energies. From there on out, the Pathstone will only open

ifts

12 Caerns: Places of Power


Wild Moon Bridges, and other caerns must actually send an
Attack Moon Bridge to open to that caern. Botching this
rite often leads to the Rite of Ostracism being performed on
the offending Garou.

The Rite of Luna's Spear

Level 3

The Rite of Luna's Spear causes an Attack Moon Bridge
to pierce the barrier of the caern totem and connect to the
target caern, It must enacted with the aid ofa caern totem.

The ritualist rolls Wits + Enigmas. The difficulty of the
roll is dependent on the level of the targeted caern: six for
Level One or Two, seven for Level Three, eight for Level
Four, or nine for Level Five. The ritualist may determine
where the moon bridge opens in the caern if she rolls a
number of successes equal to the level of the caer. A
number of Gnosis points equal to the level of the targeted
caern must be expended by the ritualist (or a total from all
the participants in the rite).

Note that the use of this rite can be considered treason-
ous to the Garou, and Gaia's Vengeful Teeth will await any
who teach it to the foes of the Garou. This rite may only be
enacted on the Full Moon.

Gitts

Open Moon Bridge (Level Three Ragabash Gift)

This Gift opens Wild Moon Bridges from any caern,
regardless of whether the caern totem wishes it. It cannot
fepen Attack Moon Bridges; but it can' open' Safe Moon
Bridges, providing the Rite of the Opened Bridge isin effect
between the two caerns.

Speed of Thought (Level One Silent Strider Gift)

Use of this Gift may allow a Garou to "pass" a Garou in
front of her while traversing the Moon Bridge, thus coming
out ahead.

Spirit of the Bird (Level Two Uktena Gift)

Blvine careugia Woon Bridge is thessme et walking'or
running,

Umbral Sight (Level Three Theurge / Uktena Gift)

A Garou can tell who is arriving via a Moon Bridge with
a roll of Perception + Occult (difficulty 7, three successes
reared)

Pulse of the Invisible (Level Three Theurge Gift)

‘ACT hetage with this Gift can always cell when's Moon
Bridge is opening up. Ifshe is can see this location, she can
usually see who the travellers are,

Bridge Walker (Level Four Galliard Gift)

‘This creates mint-Moon Brldgestis tare conaldeted Sale
only inca point-to-point fashion: Iecan also be Used as the
Gift: Open Moon Budge ifused.within alcaern (see Open
Moon Bridge, above).

Introduction 13



by Phil Brucato

To the center of the earth you have taken me

and showed me the goodness and the beauty

and the strangeness of the greening earth,

the only mother —

and there the spirit shapes of things, as they should be,
you have shown me and I have seen

— Black Elk, Black Elk Speaks

Sept of Bygone Visions

Caern: Miria (Ecube to the Greeks), an island in the
Aegean Sea.

Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Reputedly Visions, actually Wyld,

Tribal Structure: Only Black Furies. The caern is closed
to others, but female visitors are permitted. Males are

strictly banned, as are Get of Fenris and Shadow Lords of
both sexes.

Totems: Themis, the Dream-Weaver

Ecube (called Miria by the Furies) is a huge island of
stone jutting from the Ae a. Itsitsabout 95 miles off

the coast of mainland Greece (see map and notes of Greece,
below). Despite the apparent mineral content of the island,

Black Furies: Greece

the soil of Miria is quite fertile. Trees sprout from natural
terraces along the mountainsides. The top of the island
appears to be level rock with a scattering of tr

The "harbor" of Miria is a treacherous lagoon ringed by
wave-washed rocks, Travel by boat is h
suicidal in all but the calmest weather. The top of the island
is too uneven for an airstrip. Approach by helicopter is
possible, but mysterious high winds dissuade any pilot with
an ounce of sense from trying to land. To top it off, the
island is legally owned by a group of Greek strega, or
witches, who have resisted all attempts to buy the island.
The safest method of travel to the island is by Moon Bridge,
which virtually excludes human intrusion and discourages

rdous at best and

even Garou trespassers.

Cliffs rise up nearly 300 feet from the water in steep
grades occasionally broken by terraces, One easily defended
path winds up from water le
snaking to other "landings" before reaching the top. There
are no buildings of any type visible from the sea, and many
humans assume that the island is uninhabited. At the top,

15

along one of the terraces,


the cliffs recede, forming a depression ringed by stone.
Within this depression is the Dreamscape Glen, the body of
the caern.

Bawn

The "bawn" of this caern is actually composed of the
waters around it, extending out about a quarter-mile from
the island itself, Water spirits and air elementals (see
"Guardians") patrol the bawn, warning away trespassers
with sudden attacks of "bad weather". Persistent intruders
get smashed into the rocks at the island's base. To the
Furies, the entire island is sacred ground, and they do not
like unwelcome visitor

The Dreamscape Glen

Ac tthe top of the island is a huge Wyld Glen. The land
shifts constantly. The terrain is dreamlike and has few
permanent features. The Pool, the Womb and the Circle
(see map) never change location, but other sites appear,
move ordisappearentirely without warning. These changes
do not al to the laws of physics. Odd mists flit
through the Glen; strange sounds and sights dance just
outside of clear perception; colors and textures shift con-
stantly, Trying to get one's bearings here is pointless; the
topography changes hourly. The Bygone Visions Sept has
learned over the centuries to cherish the transitory beauty
of all things.

adhe

This surreal effect is disconcerting to many visitors, but
it does provides the caern's greatest defense. Visitors of
hostile intent have been lost wandering the changing Glen
while friendly spirits led sept members right to them. Many
visitors, and many sept members, view the ever-changing
landscape as an endless source of pleasure. It's hard to get
bored when home looks different every day!

Another constant of the Glen is that all manifestations
are natural. No buildings, earthworks or other constructs
will ever appear, and any built will not remain for long.

The Center

Visitors will be led to believe that the center of the caemn
is the Vision Pool, a small freshwater lake about 150 feet
deep. Visions are sometimes granted here. Often they are
true; sometimes they are false. ona Kinslayer will open the
power of the caern to her visitors if she finds them worthy,
bur she often uses her Dreamspeak Gift to manipulate
unworthy seekers into some other task that she feels needs
doing

The Vision Pool is so amazingly clear that some swear
they cansee the bottom. Ringed with huge trees of amazing
age (many of them home to Glade Children), the Pool
grants a feeling of tranquillity to all who visit its shores.
Sleepers by the Pool will dream sweetly and are free from
nightmares, even if they receive no visions.

Ecube /Miria -
Black Furies

16 Caerns: Places of Power


The Circle

The Pool is not the true center of the caemn. Although
the Pool is beautiful, its original magic has faded (see
"History"). The real center is the Circle, a patch of bare
earth an even 18' in diameter. A bonfire pit dominates the
center. Thereare no markings in or around the Circle itself.
A small pool, as fresh and clear as the Visions Pool and
about three feet deep, sits off to the side of the Circle, and
acrude stone altar sits beside that. Other than this, the area
is bare of everything, even grass. Nothing ever grows there.

The Circle is the site for all sept moots, revels and
ceremonies. Fallen Furies and Kinfolk are cremated in the
bonfire, and their remains are scattered around the Circle.
Legend tells that the grass was burned clear by the Rage of
Pegasus (see "History") when she landed. Others say the
Circle was the site of the caern's first Moon Bridge. In any
case, the Circle is kept secret from visiting Garou unless
Iona Kinslayer says otherwise.

Landmarks
The Womb

If the Circle is secret, the location of the Womb is
sacrosanct. The Womb is a natural vault, winding down
from a pit beneath the Glen. Unlike a normal cave, the
walls and floor of the Womb are smooth, almost polished,
and the Womb descends beneath level ground rather than
burrowing into a cliffside.

The Womb is a storehouse for treasures stolen by the
Freebooters camp (see Werewolf Players Guide). Within its
winding passages, chambers guarded by spells contain un-
counted fetishes, talismans, devices and relics that have
been stolen and hidden over the centuries. In the deepest
comer of the Womb rest two of the five Fury artifacts: the
Bow and the Loom.

The Womb is the heart of the caern, the true purpose for
the Sept of Bygone Visions. Only a select few outside of the
sept know of the Womb and its function. Iona Kinslayer
would kill to protect this secret; if word got out, the caern
would be attacked.

The Womb itselfis covered with an illusion ofa grove of
trees, and a Rite of the Badger's Burrow hides the caern in
the Umbra. Visitors are unlikely todiscover the ruse except
by accident or by spying on one of the sept members.

A warding pictograph near the entrance acts as an
"alarm system". If a character triggers the ward, Kyra
Firefoot and a number of other guardians will quickly arrive
—and they won't be happy!

A winding path leads down into the Womb, and a maze
of passages branches off from the main chamber. Within
these passages are the resting places of the stolen treasures.
Only fona, Kyra and Teiresias know the layout of the entire
Womb and know which artifacts are stored where. The
layout of this area and the treasure within it are up tothe J

Bb},
4 Yas

Black Furies: Greece 17

p


Storyteller. Some possible artifacts are listed under "Story

Ideas".

Hecate's Gate

Welcome to my nightmare.

— Alice Cooper
This permanent location for the island's Moon Bridge
es on the northeast terrace near the waterfall. Laid our in
sun-bleached mosaic tile, the "gate" is actually a circle
enclosed in a triangle. Each side of the triangle is 13 feet
long, The area around the triangle is bare earth, anda small
ceremonial bath is nearby. Visitors are required to wash
before entering or leaving, and the sept members always do.
The gate is the only obviously artificial feature on the
island.

Themis allows travel through this Bridge only with the
sept's permission. Intruders are trapped "between" in a
hideous nightmare dimension. After several long moments,
agentle woman's voice will warn them to turn back. If they
refuse, they will see a woman clad in mists fade into being
hrugs sadly and walks away, leaving them
in torment. She returns some time later. If they refuse her
offer a second time, the trespassers remain forever... (This
is Themis' Totem Realm. The Storyteller is encouraged to
create its own Laws. See Umbra: The Velvet Shadow for

She:

before them.

other sample realms.)

Aer AF

Because any Moon Bridge to the island must pass through
both the Aetherial Realm and Themis' Totem Realm, the
Rite of Luna's Spear cannot be used without Themis'
permission. Only one such attack has succeeded, and since
then, Themis has strengthened her magics against the rite.

The Terraces

At several points along the side of the cliff, natural
terraces branch out. Many have paths leading upward to
the Glen. The vegetation on these terraces is unusually
dense for an island cliff, and much of the wildlife seems
definitely out of place. Centuries ago, the Furies brought
game (including deer, pigs and hares) onto the island of
Miria. The animals serve as food, encourage the ecosystem
and remain safe from the increasing tide of humanity.

Most of the wildlife keeps to the terraces; the Wyld
fluctuations of the Glen distresses most of them too much
for them to remain there for long. The human Kinfolk
usually stay here as well for the same reason, tending the
game and keeping the plant life healthy. Like their Garou
sisters, these women live out in the open or in natural
shelters. Once a month, on the second night of the full
moon, the Argassi strega bring new game to the island for
hunting.

The Harbor

Jutting out from the island is a tiny horn which rings the
island's only seaward access. Rising from the lagoon at jus
above sea level is a rocky beach from which the Kinfolk
launch fishing boats; the narrow path to the upper levels of
the island winds up from here. The two boats and fishing
nets are stored in a nearby cave; the path is kept clear.

The Mainland Dilla

The base for the Argassi Kinfolk is actually located on
really a small communal farm, is consid-
ed part of the bawn, although it is located some 70 miles
After the attack in 1868 (see "History"), the villa was
moved from mainland Greece. The property, located near
Neapoli, includes over a hundred acres for raising and
protecting wildlife. Another large pack of Kinfolk wolves
roams the area, and the forest is stocked with game. The
locals keep a respectful distance from the villa, and the
Argassi encourage this with a combination of favors and
intimidation

Greece

Characters will have to go to Greece to visit the Bygone
Visions caer. The location of the caern is not common
knowledge among the tribes, and visitors will have to hunt
forclues. This can be a difficult task ifno one speaks Greek.
English will do in the larger towns and cities, but investiga-
tion will be nearly impossible without an interpreter.

Greece isa parliamentary democracy with good relations
to the U.S. and Western Europe for the most part. An

18 Caerns: Places of Power

informal country, much of Greece is rural by U.S. stan-
dards. While political unrest keeps the country interesting,
Greece lacks much of the urban blight and crime that
characterizes her more industrial cousins.

The weather in Greece tends to be warm, with average
temperatures between 75 and 90 degrees Fahrenheit in the
summer and 50 to 75 degrees in the winter. Rain falls often,
but not constantly, and winds blow inland from the Medi-
terranean, particularly in midsummer. Fodor's and
Baedeker's guidebooks to Greece are recommended for easy
access to useful facts.

The Umbrascape

Miria looks very much the same in the Umbra, a vast
Glen of constantly shifting geography surrounded by ocean.
A vast number of spirits, mostly Naturae, virtually infest
the area. Glade Children and Wave Riders (see "Guard-
ians") surround and help protect the caern from Blight.
Because of the sea and protecting spirits, the caernisas hard
to approach "sideways" as it is in the real world.

History
The Wrath of Pegasus

Some Garou folklore traces the Black Fury tribe from the
Gorgons, the original Garou visited by Gaia and entrusted
with five artifacts. According to these tales, these five
mighty sisters waged the Impergium against the Greeks
until Wyrm-tainted Greek heroes sought them out and
slew them. The Incarna Pegasus appeared to the Daughters
of the Gorgons, renamed them the Black Furies, and led
them to new strongholds. These Furies, called the Second
Daughters, raised caerns in these places. The Circle is said
to have been created when Pegasus first landed on the
island, still hot with Rage. Younger Furies doubt the literal
truth of these tales, but Siren's Rock remains a powerful
caern regardless. It was here that the Bow and the Loom
were hidden, and here that the first Calyx saw the visions
that guided the Furies' future.

Despite this rich history, the size of the island and the
changing nature of the Dreamscape Glen made Siren's
Rock impractical as a stronghold. When a group of daring
Furies looted a Ventrue vampire's magic collection during
the sack of Rome, they fled to the island. The sept leader
stashed the most powerful booty in the Womb and safe-
guarded it with magic. Since then, the Visions Sept has
proven to be a reliable hiding place.

In the early days, the Dreamscape Glen was more stable.
The phenomena, though strange and wonderful, rarely
became as bizarre as the modern Glen. Throughout the
centuries, Siren's Rock rode out the turbulent changes on
mainland Greece, mostly by grace of isolation (and a really
bad reputation among Greek mariners). A group of Kin-
folk, the Argassi witch clan, bought the island outright

from the Orthodox Church in the 17th century during the
Turkish dominion in return for some favors "under the
table" (probably to the detriment of the Turks). It has
remained their legal possession ever since.

During its early years, the caern was considered a place
of powerful visions, but by this time the magic of the Pool
had worn thin. The island still served asa frequent meeting
place for the Inner Calyx, however, and other allied tribes
(Children of Gaia, Stargazers and Silent Striders) were
often welcome as well, so long as their representatives were
female. Word spread of the powerful prophetic gifts of the
pool of the wondrous Glen. Many of the other tribes,
particularly the Shadow Lords, were jealous of so powerful
a caer and conspired to win Siren's Rock and its secrets
from the Furies. In a fierce battle at the mainland villa in
1832, an allied force of Get of Fenris and Shadow Lords
attacked and burned the villa.

They never arrived at the island, or anywhere else. The
Wave Riders saw to that.

Nevertheless, damage had been done. Years of battling
the Greek vampires and the depletion of Greece's meager
wolf population had weakened the tribe as a whole. A large
moot was called, and peace of a sort was negotiated. The
Visions Sept was opened to Garou visitors of all tribes,
though males were still prohibited. The safeguards on the
Womb were strengthened to hide the artifacts, and some
were moved elsewhere.

AGet of Fenris Theurge broke the peace in 1868, passing
into the Womb through the Umbra and stealing several
fetishes from the caern. She was slain in turn by the Furies,
and the caern was closed again. After this, the visions for
which the caern had become famous ceased for neatly a
century, and the Glen became more and more unstable.
Changes that normally would have taken days to occur
happened overnight. locasta the Wise, the Mistress of the
Rite, had word spread throughout the tribes that the magic
had fled the caern and the rumored treasures had been
scattered.

In fact, the power of the caern had shifted. As energies
were channeled into hiding the Womb, the Glen became
asort of Wyld vortex of its own accord. After years of trying
to stem the increasing chaos in the Glen, locasta gave in
and accepted the changes as the will of Gaia.

A beneficial side-effect of the Glen continues to be its
suppression of Weaverand Wyrm corruption. While within
the Glen, Wyrm fetishes will not function, and objects of
technology quickly break down. As Freebooter Furies ac-
quired objects of power from their enemies, they continued
to bring them to the caern to be stored without harm.
Naturally, this hiding place had been kept strictly secret.
Alllies of the Furies, unknowing, mourned the passing of the
island's magic.

Sadly, the secret had not been secret enough...

Black Furies: Greece 19


Never Bomb a Werewolf

The Nazi occupation of Greece during World War II
brought about great changes to the caemn. Hitler's occult
research turned up legends ofa storehouse of artifacts in the
Aegean sea; the local garrisons burned the mainland villa
and tried to storm the "witch's island". When "bad weather"
defeated every attempt, the Nazis bombed the island out of
sheer spite. The subsequent murders of over two dozen
Luftwaffe officers and pilots (blamed on Greek partisans)
did nothing to repair the damage. It was during this time
that the Bow of Artemis was broken and many of the
hidden fetishes were buried forever.

Ie took all of the power of a young Fury named Iona and
her many allies among the tribes to preserve the caern. For
this, she was granted guardianship of the caern, although
she broke many rules while doing so.

Jona's Dision

The lunatic says goodbye to those who say they love him.

He's wise within himself as this craziness surrounds him

From his lips come truths within insanity,

and people passing by don't hear and cannot see

— Kings X, "Visions"

While healing her friend Tyrus (renamed Teiresias, see
"Characters") at the Pool, Iona had a great visions, the first
at the caern since 1868. She saw Themis walking with her
through the Glen, counseling her to reopen the caern toa
limited few. Themis would grant dreams to everyone on the
island. Some would be guiding visions, but most would

Themis, the Dream-Weaver

Background Cost: 6
A powerful spirit revered by the ancient Greeks,
Themis was once regarded as a patron of balance and
justice, and of airand earth. As the balance of the Triat
shifted, the Dream-Weaver slipped into the gray area
between Wyld and Weaver. Her present Realm is a
dream sphere inhabiting this middle ground; aid and
advice from Themis come only through dreams.
of Themis gain 100 Wisdom each and an
point in Enigmas and Gnosis. Galliards of

Themis gain the Dreamspeak Gift and may also receive
prophetic visions (Storyteller's option), although their
meaning will be quite obscure. Players should interpret
the dreams themselves rather than simply making an
Enigmas roll.

Packs serving Themis must spend a good deal of time
in the deep wilderness, observing and meditating on the
balance of the Tellurian. They must oppose injustice
whenever they can.

Ban: Glass Walkers will never be chosen by Themis.
Too much of the Weaver exists in them.

20 Caerns: Places of Power


simply be dreams. Meanwhile, Iona would continue tohide
powerful fetishes until the day of the Apokolyps.

To this end, Iona spread the word that all artifacts
hidden at the caern had been destroyed. To repay those
who had helped her, she reopened the caern to the tribes,
with one exception: the Shadow Lords remained barred
from the island. Iona claims this is because of their treach-
ery in 1868, but she is secretly afraid that they will try again
toseize the caern. In her vision, she saw a dark shadow pass
across the Glen. She fears this to be a sign of the Shadow
Lords' success.

In 1967, several Get of Fenris females travelled to the
caern, claiming sanctuary from abusive mates. Once there,
they opened a Moon Bridge of their own to bring their
brothers across to take the caern. The plot failed, and Get
of both sexes have been banned ever sincé.

Atthis point, the Bygone Visions caern remains open to
a limited number of visitors. Those who would visit the
Dreamscape Glen and the Visions Pool must first contact
the Argassi strega, who then consult with the sept. From
there, either Kelonoke Wildhair or the Kinfolk Aegina will
set up a number of tests for the visitors to determine their
worthiness. These tests are left to the Storyteller's discre-
tion, but should involve courage, honor, wisdom and
self-reflection, Male visitors are still prohibited, which has
led some modern Garou to dub Miria the "Paradise Island
Sept".

Ifavisitor passes the tests, the Argassi will ferry herto the
island. Only five visitors are permitted per month. Gifts or
favors are always welcome, but not required.

The Sept

For such a powerful caern, the Bygone Visions Sept is
remarkably small, consisting of only four Furies and an
additional five to ten rotating guards. The small size of
Siren's Rock makes a large sept impractical; the power of
these Furies and the nature of the island make them
enough.

Jona Kinslayer leads both Garou and Kinfolk of the sept,
though many sept members prefer going to Kyra first. As
warder, Kyra often mediates disputes, mostly among the
Kinfolk. Teiresias lends his counsel to both and confers
with the many spirits of the caern. Both he and Iona tend
to sept magic and rituals. Kelonoke is the sept representa-
tive, and frequently travels with the authority of a sept
leader. When at home, she assists Kyra with the safeguard-
ing of the caern and the choosing of visitors. The Argassi
Kinfolk and their Lupine cousins see to the daily mainte-
nance of the sept and the securing of artifacts bound for the
Womb. Argassi within the Sisterhood act as "drop points"
for stolen fetishes, then relay them to the villa, where they
are brought to the island for safe keeping.

Like the Black Furies as a whole, the Bygone Visions
Sept is a fractious group. Iona, despite her flouting of the
rules, is a firm traditionalist. Kyra, a former vagabond and
a vampire's friend, rejects many of the old ways while

searching for a newer path. Teiresias bridges the two; while
his behavior is rooted in tradition, his station contradicts
strict Fury custom. Kelonoke, the only sept member born
into the sept, is a pure reflection of both tradition and
change.

The sept's obvious enemies are the Shadow Lords and
the Get, who are banned forever from the Glen. Elders of
both tribes still hope to seize the powerful caem for their
own.use. Some magesstill search for the fabled resting place
of Bathory's Chalice of the Rain God's Tears, and their
quest may yet lead them to Miria, Clans Tremere and
Giovanni offer great rewards to anyone who locates this
hiding place of magic treasures, and some witch-hunters
seek to purge the Argassi strega from the island.

The sept's most insidious enemies, however, are within
the tribe itself. Iona's flouting of ancient bans and her
reopening of the caem have met with opposition; the
rumor that the Bow had been broken while in her keeping
(basically untrue) shows the distrust that some Furies have
for the caern keeper. Iona's Rank would probably be higher
if she were judged by accomplishments alone, Teiresias
would certainly be better regarded if he were female, and
Kyra's known kinship with a leech has tainted her renown.

Enemies within the Furies often seek to discredit the sept
so that they may replace the current keepers with their own
partisans, Since Iona and Kyra have powerful friends as
well, any undermining of their stewardship would have to
be subtle. Player character Furies may find themselves on
eitherside of this division over one of the tribe's mostsacred
sites.

Another problem the sept has is reproduction. Iona and
Kyra are old, and only Kelonoke is of breeding age. The
Argassi, honoring the Fury custom of Kinfolk lineage, seck
out suitable Garou to breed with, but the next sept genera-
tion, like the last, will probably come from outside the sept
rather than from within.

Rites

Ifyou want good dreams, pray to Grandmother Moon.

If you want to walk to the good red road,

then rise before dawn

and pray the sun up.

— Rolling Thunder, Cherokee medicine man

The Black Furies are a tribe fond of ritual, even among
Garou. Rites at the sept, particularly moots, are marked by
lengthy oratories and responses. Iona, often in her Mask of
the Rite, chants poetic prayers, while Kyra and Teiresias
provide the appropriate responses. The entire Glen seems
to shift in time with the rite; visitors are often struck by the
sheer beauty of the complex ceremony.

In addition to the usual lunar moots and seasonal rites,
the sept has elaborate greeting rites for new visitors, Moon
Bridge travels and battle. The island Argassi often partici-
pate, and guests are welcome (and sometimes expected) to
join in,

Black Furies: Greece 21


Aoi Pe arr
Personalities

Jona Kinslayer

Position: Sept Leader, Mistress of the Rite

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard (Artisan)

Nature/Demeanor: Curmudgeon / Alpha

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Primal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 4,
Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 3, Melee 2, Leadership 4, Enigmas 3,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 1, Occult 4, Politics 5, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Alllies 3, Contacts 5, Kinfolk 4

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Persuasion, Sense Wyrm; (2)
"all of the Wyld, Dreamspeak, Staredown; (3) Coup de
Grace, Song of Rage; (4) Shadows by Fire Light, Spirit
Ward, Wings of Pegasus; (5) Gorgon's Gaze, The Thousand

Forms
Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 10
Rank
Rites: All

Fetishes: Silver Sword, Fang Dagger, Phoebe's Veil,
Mask of the Rite (Level 4, Gnosis 7; a large Greek ceremo-

nial mask that grants an extra level of Leadership, adds two
points to Charisma, and amplifies the user's voice so that
everyone within 50 feet may understand her slightest
whisper)

Image: A majestic black wolf with streaks of pure white
inher fur. In Homid form, Iona is an elderly Greek woman.
She is tall and strong despite her 72 years, with flowing salt-
and-pepper hair, fine features and the eyes of a survivor.

Roleplaying Notes: Despite your Galliard nature, you
area traditionalistat heart. You have little time for foolish
cubs. Decades of struggle have hardened you, but not
broken you. You have a keen sense of humor, but few ever
see it.

Background: Before the Nazis came, lona was a beauti-
ful dancer from a sept in northern Greece. With her
friendliness and energy, she made friends easily; with her
keen mind, she excelled at magic and ritual.

When she discovered that members of her sept and
Black Fury Kinfolk had been corrupted by the Wyrm's Nazi
agents, she killed most of them and fled south. This deed
won her great renown among the Furies, but killed her zest
for life. With her friend Tyrus, she led brilliant strikes
against the Nazis. Tyrus was captured and tortured, and
Iona broke centuries of tradition by bringing him to the
Pool for healing. After her vision by the Pool, Iona dedi-
cated herself to the rebirth of the caern.

Despite her many enemies, Iona continues to do things
in her own fashion. Still, she remains true to the old ways.
The selfishness and disrespect of the newer generations of
Garou disgust her. Some Furies consider her an old crank,
but simple respect means a great deal to Iona. A properly
reverential youngster will find that Iona has a good side
after all.

Kyra Firefoot

Position: Warder, Mistress of the Challenge

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox (Mother)

Nature / Demeanor: Lone Wolf / Gallant

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4, Streetwise 2, Animal Ken 5,
Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 1, Leadership 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enigmas 3, Linguistics 4, Medicine 1,
Occult 3, Philosophy 2, Rituals 4, Archery 3, History 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Kinfolk 2

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Resist Pain, Scent of the
True Form, Sense the Unnatural, Sense Wyrm; (2) Curse
of Aeolus; (3) Coup de Grace, Wisdom of the Ancient
Ways; (4) Body Wrack

Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Willpower 9

Rank: 4

22 Caerns: Places of Power

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caer, Moot Rite, Gathering
for the Departed, Rite of Wounding, Rite of Spirit Awak-
ening, Rite of Passage, Rite of Ostracism, The Hunt, Rite
of the Opened Bridge, Badger's Burrow

Fetishes: Thunder Arrows (a quiver of arrows that
transform in flight into lightning bolts, doing 8 dice of
aggravated damage to their targets. She has 18 of these
arrows), 12 Bane Arrows

Image: A stocky black wolf with reddish highlights and
dark red "boots" on each paw. Her Homid form is a broad-
shouldered woman of about 45 with dark red hair, blue eyes
and dark skin. In either form, her right leg is crippled. She
hops quite well, however...

Roleplaying Hints: For a Philodox, you make a good
Ahroun. Your gruff manner masks a keen and inquiring
mind. Test others constantly. Like Iona, you do what you
please.

Background: Kyra wandered as a lone wolf for years
throughout Europe before traveling to the Dreamscape
Glen to see what all the fuss was about. She was enraptured
by its changing nature and stayed on toassist Hylia Knoxos,
the old Warder of the caern.

Kyra was instrumental in foiling the Get of Fenris attack
in 1967, though her leg was damaged badly in the fight.
When Hylia passed on a year later, she entrusted Kyra with
her post, despite objections from Iona.

The sept leader and the Warder have never really gotten
along; Kyra is just too charismatic for Iona's comfort. And
then there's the matter of Kyra's old friend, Brunhilde, a
Gangrel vampire (see the Vampire supplement World of
Darkness). Despite the conflict between the two Furies,
both would die for the caern, and they presenta formidable
united front to any threat.

Kyrais bluffand hearty, testing everyone she meets with
jibes and challenges, sizing them up by their reactions. Her
fairness endears her to some Garou and alienates her from
others.

Kelonoke Wildhair

Although she be but little

still she is fierce!

—William Shakespeare, Midsummer Night's Dream

Position: Warder's Proxy, Sept Ambassador

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun (Warrior)

Nature / Demeanor: Confidant / Maker

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/?),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 2, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 5 (4/0/5/5), Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Empathy 3,
Subterfuge 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Melee 1, Survival 2,
Computer 1, Linguistics 4, Politics 3, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 5, Contacts 2, Mentor (Kyra) 3

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Persuasion, Razor Claws, Sense
Wyrm; (2) Staredown, True Fear; (3) Disquiet; (4) Bac-
chantes' Rage

Rage 9, Gnosis 3, Willpower 10

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caer, Moot Rite

Fetishes: None

Image: Small, as wolves go; sleek and black with a
narrow muzzle. Kelonoke's Homid form is a stunningly
beautiful Greek girl, about 5' 3" with a strong, graceful
build. Her 32 years have only deepened her beauty.

Roleplaying Hints: You are essentially two women.
One is winningly friendly and wickedly smart; the other is
a demon from hell. The side you show to others is entirely
up to you.

Background: Kelonoke is the perfect ambassador. She is
charming and attractive, with a Machiavellian streak a
mile wide and the raw power to back up her words with
force. Born to the sept, Kelonoke showed early promise and
has been groomed for her position since childhood. Her
devotion to the caern is total, and she will rip to shreds
anyone who threatens her home. She and Kyra share a
special closeness.

Kelonoke is also a respected member of the Maenads, a
berserker faction of the Furies whose rages make Red
Talons cower. Full Moon moots of the Maenads are typi-
cally celebrated by heavy drinking followed by killing
sprees. More level-headed Furies tolerate the Maenads as
long as they choose their moot sites with care, preferably
with an eye towards damaging the Wyrm and not the Veil.

Kelonoke's unlikely combination of beauty and beast
makes Iona (and many other Furies) nervous, but she has a
good heart and an iron will. Many see in her the spirit of
Isthsmene, the most beautiful and wrathful of the Second
Daughters. If she survives to a higher Rank, she may well
succeed lona when the Iona passes on.

Ceiresias

Position: Gatekeeper, Healer, Advisor

Breed: Metis (male, weak legs)

Auspice: Theurge (Wise One)

Nature / Demeanor: Visionary / Caregiver

Attributes: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 1 (1/2/3/3),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 1 (0/0/I/1), Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy 5,
Expression 4, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 4, Subterfuge 4,
Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 3, Stealth 5, Survival 2, Enigmas 5,
Linguistics 4, Medicine 2, Occult 4, Politics 3, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Past Life 3, Mentor (Iona) 5

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech,
Truth of Gaia; (2) Command Spirit, Curse of Aeolus,
Name the Spirit, Scent of Sight, Sight From Beyond;

Black Furies: Greece 23


(3) Exorcism, Pulse of the Invisible; (4) Body Wrack; (5)
The Thousand Forms.

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8

Rank: 5 / 3 (depending on whether one is an ally or
enemy of Iona's)

Rites: All Level One through Four Rites

Fetishes: Harmony Flute, Phoebe's Veil

Image: An old and scraggly gray wolf with withered legs
and closed eyes. As a Homid, Teiresias is an old blind man
with weak legs (his metis deformity), short white hair and
the beard of a prophet. Despite his infirmity, he has a
commanding presence.

Roleplaying Hints: You see the inner person, not the
shell of the persona. Towards good people, you are friendly
and encouraging. Shallow pretenders merit little more than
a good rap on the skull! Spirits surround you always; give
them a riddle or two and maybe they'll go away...

Background: Tyrus, a bandy-legged metis, was gifted at
birth with a preternatural awareness of everyone and every-
thing around him, making him very popular with some of
his sept and very unpopular with others. This ability,
coupled with his honesty, made him a natural arbitrator of
disputes. Sadly, not everyone agreed with his decisions, and
he had to flee the sept soon after his Rite of Passage.

He met up with Iona during World War II, and the two
became fast friends. The Nazis gouged out his eyes trying to
get him to inform. She has never forgotten his sacrifice.
Rather than kill him, she brought Tyrus to the Bygone
Visions caern to heal him.

Her gamble paid off. Tyrus, renamed Teiresias after the
mythical seer, bound spirits, healed wounds and channeled
powerful forces to help restore the caern. To Iona's relief,
the Inner Calyx later declared that the metis had won his
place at the sacred caern. Not everyone accepted this
decision, however. His split Rank is a reflection of Fury
prejudice. Teiresias' habit of wandering around talking to
spirits puts many visitors ill at ease, but he is a Wise One,
after all.

Teiresias accepts his lot with good grace, cultivating his
formidable magical talents and dispensing advice (whether
it is wanted or not). As healer, he instructs the Argassi in
his art. As the Wise One, he shares his extraordinary
insight with the rest of the sept. He has a special fondness
for Kelonoke, appreciating the purity ofher Rage. He never
leaves the island, but can be found muttering to the spirits
around him in the strangest places...

Other Guardians

The few Garou of the sept are only the most obvious line
of caern defense.

The Argassi Strega

This clan of Greek witches is composed largely of sept
Kinfolk and functions as a part of the sept. Two covens of
Argassi are responsible for the upkeep of the sept, one at the

mainland villa and one at the island itself. Other related
Kinfolk work with the Sisterhood for the benefit of the tribe
as a whole. The strega are trained extensively in combat
and are conversant with wilderness survival and herbal
medicine.

Aegina, the coven priestess, is a striking Greek woman
in her mid-forties. She governs the day-to-day activity of
the villa, but answers to lona, who is considered the Grand
Mistress of the Argassi. For purposes of magic, Aegina has
a few Gifts, including Mother's Touch and Beast Life.

All Argassi have magical abilities in addition to their
training. Each has the Sense Wyrm Gift and an additional
Level One Gift. Use the "SWAT team" listing in the
Werewolf rulebook for Argassi stats, substituting Survival
4 forthe Law and Police Procedure abilities. (If you own the
‘Vampire supplement Hunters Hunted, then the Argassi will
have Hedge Magic and some Numina for psychic powers.)

Wolves

Two large Kinfolk wolf packs live within the sept, one on
the island and one near the villa. Use the Kinfolk stats in
Ways of the Wolf.

Spirits

Because of the powerful nature of the caern and the
unspoiled splendor (to say nothing of the weirdness) of the
Glen, many Naturae make their homes here. These spirits
help the caern shrug off corruption.

Most dangerous to visitors are the Wave Riders inhabit-
ing the watery bawn. Like Glade Children, these Naturae
cleanse the area around them. The Wave Riders are water
spirits with anasty sense of humor. Unlike Glade Children,
they take offense to humans in their territory. Wave Riders
use their abilities to aggressively defend their waters, often
by turning the ocean against sea craft or by enticing
mariners to destruction on nearby rocks. These tactics gave
rise to the tales of the sirens, nereids and storm creatures
that infest the Aegean Sea. There are six Wave Riders
around the island. Although they leave the Kinfolk alone,
anyone else is fair game...

Four air elementals "patrol" the skies above the island,
turning away or destroying any aircraft that get too close.
Thanks to the Wave Riders and elementals, the "witch's
island" has developed a reputation for hazardous weather
patterns, keeping it clear of human "contamination".

The Treasure
of the Womb

Buried inside the Womb is a wealth of stolen fetishes,
talens, books and other objects of power. In addition to
their personal fetishes, the members of the sept have access
to this storehouse as well. Each Garou has a special fetish
that bypasses the spirit ward; retrieving items from the

24 Caerns: Places of Power

Womb takes a fair amount of time and is not usually done
except in extreme emergencies.

Assume that the Womb holds at least one each of the
fetishes and talens described in the Werewolf rulebook,
and several Wyrm items as well (though they probably
won't be active...) Other fetishes are left up to the
Storyteller's discretion. A few suggestions:

Bathory's Chalice

Level 4, Gnosis 7

An iron chalice, with a delicate stem and intricate
filigree. Rumored to have belonged to the legendary
vampiress, Elizabeth Bathory, this fetish confers a year of

lasting youth to whoever drinks from it. However, it must
be filled with the blood of a virgin.

The Rain God's Tears

Level 4, Gnosis 9

A collection of fist-sized topaz talens created by Mayan
mystics. Each "tear" allows the wielder to call up a storm as
per the Gift: Invoke the Spirits of the Storm. Each "tear" is
good for one use.

A Library of Lore

One chamber holds a collection of rare books and scrolls
that mages would kill for. Among themare legendary books
of white craft (the Standing Stones Book of Shadows, the
Sixth and Seventh Books of Moses) and black magic (the
Black Bible, Das Drudenstein)..

Story Jdeas

Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking.
—Black Elk

The underlying theme of most stories involving the
Bygone Visions Sept is "things are notalways as they seem."
The auspices of the sept seem incongruous with their
behavior, the "visions" are often false, the Glen is imperma-
nent and the entire nature of the caern is a ruse. At some
point, player characters will discover some of the truths
behind the Visions Sept.

The tone of these stories should be one of wonder mixed
with apprehension. The Glen, in particular, is an eerie
place, pastoral one moment, threatening the next. Charac-
ters should feel off-balance here.

Male pack members, or those belonging to banned
groups, may stay at the villa while their sisters visit the
caern. A number of adventures may be run concurrently
with action on the island. Masquerading as a female or a
Fury is possible, but dangerous.

© Notall visitors in a given trip may be players. Some of
the other visitors may be enemies of the sept coming to
embarrass or betray Iona. Will the players go along with the
plot, or reveal it?

 Byaccident or design, the players discover the Womb.
Will they go in? If so, the sept faces a hard choice: kill the
visitors or risk the caern. Will the characters steal a fetish
or two? Iona will certainly try to kill them then. How will
they escape? Can they?

* Iona decides that the players are worthy, and opens the
caern to power a real vision. Whatever the vision is, it
should be overpowering. How will this alter the fabric of
the game?

© The meaning of lona's "shadow" vision becomes clear;
powerful Wyrm artifacts, buried since the war, have cor-
rupted the Womb. Perhaps a Blight begins, or a nexus is
opened for some powerful Wyrm creature. Either case
would make Iona look really bad in the eyes of her rivals...

Black Furies: Greece 25



Sept of the Awakening

Caern: Hains Point in Washington, D.C.
Level: 3
Gauntlet: 4

Type: Wisdom

Tribal Structure: Open, but dominated by Bone Gnaw-
ers

Totems: The Awakening, the Eagle and the Rat. (The
Awakening is a powerful spirit whose domain remains a
mystery. It represents the return of the caern.)

Geography

Hains Point is located at the southern tip of East Potomac
Park. The park is on a peninsula of land between three
rivers: the Washington Channel, the Potomac River and
the Anacostia River. On the other side of the Potomac is
Washington National Airport. On the other side of the
Washington Channel is Fort McNair, an army base. In the
park itself, there is a public playground and several public
golf courses. To the north of the golf courses, there is a
building for the Capital Region Headquarters of the Na-
tional Park Service, the agency responsible for all
monuments and parks in the Washington, D.C. area. At
the north end of the peninsula is the Potamac Tidal Basin
and the Jefferson Memorial. Sidewalks encircle East

by Harry Heckel

Potomac Park, and trees, including the famous cherry

blossoms, cover the area around the peninsula.

Bawn

The bawn includes the entire East Potomac Park penin-
sula. It also encompasses the Potomac Tidal Basin and
stretches north to Independence Avenue.
Wyrm minions have prevented the Bone G
extending the bawn any further.

Center

The caern centers around the statue of The Awakening,
located at Hains Point. The sculpture consists of five parts:
ahead, a left hand, right arm, left kni
giant hairy man (could this be a Garou in Glabro form').
The sept holds all of its meetings at the statue. The sept
elders sit on the sculpture during the meeting. The head is
ved for the Sept Leader, Mother Tan

Landmarks

The mostimpressive landmark in the bawn isthe Jefferson
Memorial. The monument inspires Garou and tourists who
travel to Washington, D.C. The Garou protect the play-
ground near the Awakening. They watch the children who

come to play there and are constantly seeking more Kin-
folk.

and
s from

Leech
aw

e and right foot of a

res

Bone Gnawers: Washington, D.C. 27


The Bone Gnawers do not have a burial ground in the
The bodies would no doubt be desecrated by the
ches. Instead, whenever a member of the sept dies, they
place the body on board a boat and sail down the river to the
Chesapeake Bay. There, after a Gathering for the De-
parted, they give their fallen comrade to the bay

bawn.

The surrounding area is under dispute. A powerful
community of Leeches in Washington, D.C. claims the
Mall as part of their territory. Because the Bone Gnawers
cannot afford a confrontation with the Leeches, the bawn

ends at Independence Avenue, just south of the Lincoln
Memorial. The Garou don't risk the Veil on the Mall
because there are more agents of the Wyrm and Leeches in
Vashington, D.C. than Garou, The Bone Gnawers do
ave reason to travel to the Lincoln Memorial: the Reflect-
z Pool provides a powerful gate into the Umbra. The
Gauntlet around the pool only has a strength of two.

Fetishes sometimes find their way to the Smithsonian
Museum of Natural History. Bone Gnawers will break in
and retrieve them from the humans. The Garou and the
hes have a truce, allowing the Bone Gnaw-
ets free access to the Metro system. Most Garou also use the
© Canal for travel into and out of the city, although the
Glass Walkers prefer National Airport.

Umbrascape

In the Umbra, thick grasses cover East Potomac Park.
The Potomac and Anacostia rivers flow wildly around the

Caerns: Places of Power

peninsula. Only the 14th Street Bridge, connecting the
peninsula with the Virginia side of the river, disturbs the
natural scene. The bridge appears as a bundled net of
webbing. Mists shroud the peninsula, shielding it from
viewers on the river banks

Washington National Airport looks like a large web
with thousands of glowing strands reaching out into the sky
to more Weaver spirits. These intricate webs give the sky
above the caern an eerie appearance.

The only structure on the peninsula is a ruined Greek
shrineon the site of the Jefferson Memorial. Dust covers the
monument, and there are cracks in the marble.

Where the sculpture of the Awakening rests in the
physical world, a spirit lies in the Umbra. The entire body
of the spirit is exposed. This is the Awakening, the caern
totem. The spirit is shifting from Crinos form to Glabro.

Radiant Glade Children live in the flowering cherry
trees, They shine with spiritual energy and keep the area
free from blight.

History

The origin of the caer is a mystery. The Bone Gnawers
believe that it was abandoned after the sacrifice of the
Croatan tribe and was originally one of their sacred sites.

In the early days of English colonization, a pack of Black
Furies called the Sky Eagles discovered the caern ona small
island in the Potomac. They opened the caern and dedi-
cated it to their pack totem, the Eagle. The Sky Eagles
warred against the Wyrm wherever they found it in the
New World, as well as battling tribes that they felt were
taking unfair advantage of the European invasion.

Kinfolk of the Black Furies established two towns near
the caern, Georgetown and Alexandria. The safety and
spiritual life of the protectorate brought wealth to the
planters and traders of the towns

In 1790, Thomas Jefferson made a compromise with
Alexander Hamilton to locate a single national capital in
the Potomac region. George Washington surveyed the
Potomac, and he decided that the pristine area around the
caern would be perfect for the nation's capital. The Black
Furies' care for the land around the caern was their undoing.

The Black Furies resisted the efforts to build the new city
near their caern. They caused construction accidents and
terrorized workers, but their efforts were not enough. In
1800, President John Adams moved the capital to Wash-
ington, D.C. despite the lack of development.

The Wyrm came with the humans to the city.

The Wyrm soon located the caern. Agents of the Wyrm
dumped soil and waste into landfills that stretched out to
the island. Fomori and vampires attacked the sept inces-
santly. The Black Furies refused to abandon the site. They
held the Wyrm at bay for over a decade.

Reinforcements reached the minions of the Wyrm in
1814 when the British burned Washington D.C. Black
Spiral Dancers, Banes and fomori from the Old World


swarmed the caern during the fire. The sept struggled
against the endless waves of enemies, but their Apocalypse
had come. The Black Fury Philodox, Chryseis Athene,
performed an ancient ritual, the Rite of the Scattering, as
her sisters died protecting her. So that the caern was not
violated by the Black Spiral Dancers and the Wyrm min-
ions, Chryseis released its spiritual essence into Gaia and
the new city. Both the Garou and the Wyrm lost the caern.

The aftermath of the Rite of the Scattering plagued the
agents of the Wyrm. The rite left its legacy in the architec-
ture of the city, the planning of the nation's capital, the
ideals of its leaders and the spirit of the new nation. In time,
however, the Defiler Wyrm corrupted and decayed the
spiritual strength of Washington, D.C. The politicians and
bureaucrats had holes in their spirits large enough for many
Banes to feed.

During the twentieth century, Washington D.C. grew in
size and decay. Each decade gave the Wyrm new minions
and agents in the nation's capital. Finally, the unopposed
power of the Wyrm reached its peak during the 1950s with
the McCarthy era.

In its greed to consume and corrupt, the Wyrm moved
tooquickly. The 1960s brought revitalization to the United
States. The Civil Rights Movement and the Vietnam War
sparked many protests throughout the country. The youth
of America was imbued with the Wyld.

In 1968, members of the Poor Peoples' Protest erected a
shanty town called Resurrection City south of the Reflect-
ingPool. A pack of Bone Gnawers were among the protesters.

Washington, D.C. -
Bone Gnawers

A. Capitol Building
(8. Museums

G. Closest Metre Stop

(B. White House

E, Washington Monument

E Reflect rool

6. Lincoln Memorial
Jefferson Memorial

4, Matlonal Park Service

K. Pentagon

L. National Airport

M, Tennis courts and swimming poo!
WN. Public golf courses

©. Playground

£. The Awakening Sculpture
0. Fort MeNialr

8, Marina

One evening, after a little too much of a good time, the
Bone Gnawers stepped sideways through the Reflecting
Pool to tour the Washington D.C. Penumbra.

The Umbrascape startled them. Everything they saw was
tainted and dark, even the protesters' tents. Twisted and
barbed webs were lashed between government buildings.
Darkness enveloped the Lincoln Memorial and the Wash-
ington Monument. Scrags perched on the museums.
Cobwebs lay across the grasses. Only the cherry blossoms
and a ruined shrine that stood on the site of the Jefferson
Memorial were free of the Blight.

The Bone Gnawers made their way to the shrine. A
solitary Lune glowed in the center. She begged them to
follow the land south so that they could save the city. The
Bone Gnawers decided to investigate. As they headed
south, a group of Banes assaulted them. The pack perse-
vered and fought them off.

When they finally arrived at Hains Point, they found
nothing. The pack held a vote on whether they should wait
for something exciting to happen or just leave. After the
vote, the pack turned to walk back to the Reflecting Pool.

Asthey were walking back, a Rat Jaggling scrambled out
of one of the penumbral trash bins. "My Children, you must
scavenge better than the others who have come here. Go
back and search as though there was food to find, for what
lies hidden is sustenance for the spirit."

The sight of the Rat stunned the young Bone Gnawers.
They ran back to the point and started a frenzied search.
They tumed over every rock and rummaged through all of

Bone Gnawers: Washington, D.C. 29


the garbage they could find. One of them even dove into
the rivers. Finally, they starting digging up the ground.

The Bone Gnawers discovered a giant homid body
buried in the dirt, The wind shifted, and the Penumbra
brightened. The pack realized that they had unearthed a
long forgotten caern spirit. They labored to release the
spirit, working through the night. Finally, the giant was
completely uncovered.

The giant did not move or breathe. The Garou were
disheartened. Some of them knew the Rite of Opening, and
others remembered the Rite of Spirit Awakening, but they
were afraid that the Wyrm spirits would notice their rites
and slay them.

The tree spirits spoke to the Garou. They begged the
Garoutowake thespiritand open the caern. The werewolves
were ashamed of their cowardice. They performed the rites,
led by a Philodox named Soda Drinker. Alll of them con-
centrated and participated, giving up Gnosis to aid the
process.

As Soda Drinker gave the final howl of the Rite of Spirit
Awakening, the toe of the giant moved. It did not wake
completely. Some of the pack decided to leave, frustrated
by the night. Soda Drinker and a few others remained
behind, patiently waiting. Although the spirit was not
instantly revitalized, the caern surged to life. Spiritual
energies flowed into the Umbrascape around Hains Point.
Soda Drinker and her fellow Bone Gnawers formed the
Sept of Awakening to tend and protect the caern.

In 1980, a sculpture was placed over the caer site in
order to focus spiritual energy in the caern's center. As the
spirit awakens, the sculpture twists and changes, slowly
transforming into a werewolf.

Che Sept

The Bone Gnawers dominate the sept, and the Glass
Walkers have some influence. The caern is functional and
open toall tribes. With the exceptions of the Bone Gnaw-
ers and the Glass Walkers, only dregs and outcasts from
other tribes belong to the sept, many of whom are metis.
Slightly over twenty Garou belong to the Sept of the
Awakening.

At moots, the sept makes decisions by voting. All mem-
bers, regardless of rank, receive a single vote. Mother
Tamara rules in case of ties, but she defers to the other
officers of the sept if the matter falls under their responsi-
bilities. During the debates before voting, all Garou present
are allowed to freely voice opinions, even non-members.

The Bone Gnawers debate about everything, sharing a
belief that any idea is worthy of discussion. The sept
produces new interpretations of the Litany at almost every
moot. Many of their rulings are far too liberal for other
tribes to accept. They also debate issues facing the nation.
The Bone Gnawers try to influence the national govern-
ment on such matters as health care reform and the
environment, although they do make a few mistakes. One

of the lengthiest discussions has been on changing the
government of the sept to something more like the U.S.
government. The longest debates at the moots concer a
much simpler issue: whether to order pizzas and what to put
on them.

The Sept of the Awakening allows any Garou to join ot
use the caern if they pass the sept's challenges and obey its
rules. This includes Garou who may be outcasts from other
septs. The Bone Gnawers need as many warm bodies as
possible to defend the park. The sept protects all of its
members. Because of this practice and some of their inter-
pretations of the Litany (such as "Fight the Wyrm, unless
you're going to get killed") the sept is unpopular with other
Garou, particularly the Shadow Lords, Get of Fentis, Black
Furies and the Silver Fangs. The Sept of the Awakening
only has good relations with the Sept of the Green.

The Sept of the Awakening has certain ground rules. All
National Park Service rules are obeyed in East Potomac
Park during the day. No harm comes to any humans in the
park at that time. At night, no human must be allowed to
violate the caern. All members must accept the decisions of
the entire sept. Finally, all sept members must attend at
least one moot at the caern every six months.

Many challenges face the sept. Washington D.C. har-
bors powerful minions of the Wyrm. Leeches control much
of the national government. Pentex firms have offices of
lobbyists dedicated to achieving Pentex's twisted objec-
tives. The district has an alarming problem with drug
trafficking. The members of the Bone Gnawer Hood have
made fighting these problems a priority.

Despite the constant challenges and struggles, the caern
spirit continues to change and grow stronger. Some mem-
bers of the sept bring up a question as they watch the spirit
change form: when will he rage?

Personalities

Mother Tamara

Position: Sept Leader and Master of the Rite

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Bone Gnawers

Nature / Demeanor: Caregiver / Confidant

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/2/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Expression 4, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3,
Leadership 5, Stealth 2, Survival 1, Law 2, Politics 3,
Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Past Lives 3, Contacts 3, Kinfolk 2

Gifts: (1) Cooking, Persuasion, Scent of Sweet Honey,
Truth of Gaia; (2) Call to Duty, Jam Technology, Scent of
the True Form, Staredown; (3) Reshape Object, Wisdom of

30 Caerns: Places of Power


the Ancient Ways; (4) Attunement, Spirit Ward; (5) Riot,
Wall of Granite

Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Willpower 7

Rank: 5

Rites: All

Fetishes: Harmony Flute, Phoebe's Veil

Image: In Homid form, Tamara isa striking woman with
dark hair and dark eyes. She is 46 years old and still looks
young. Tamara is fond of plain clothes and can usually be
found watching the children at the playground near the
Awakening. In her wolf forms, she has well-kept dark gray
fur with reddish highlights and a black raccoon-like mask
across her face.

Roleplaying Notes: The caern is your life. You have
stayed in East Potomac Park since 1968, after you gave up
the name Soda Drinker when founding the sept. You're
fairly easy going and share many of the burdens of sept
leadership with other Garou. You have a curious streak
about the world outside of the bawn. You love knowledge,
particularly about the Umbra and magic, spending a great
deal of time talking with spirits. You want to build founda-
tions for the future of the sept, based on freedom and
democracy. You havea soft spot in yourheart forall of those
who come to the sept in need.

Background: Tamara Williams was born into a well-off,
conservative family in southern Maryland. She rebelled in
many creative and intelligent ways, pursuing the arts, the
occult, liberalism and rock music. When she received a full
scholarship at Columbia University, she left, never to
return, In her first week at Columbia, a pack of Bone
Gnawers kidnapped her and took her to the Sept of the
Green in New York. The Bone Gnawers named her Soda
Drinker.

She lived in Greenwich Village for a few years, soaking
in the culture. When a group of Garou decided to travel
around the country in a magic bus (a 60s van), she went
with them. They attended various concerts and protests
and discovered many new experiences. Then, at Resurrec-
tion City, her life changed.

Now, she is the Sept Leader and also Master of the Rite
(or Mistress of the Rite, as many of the sept members call
her) for the Sept of the Awakening, Tamara has intimate
knowledge of the bawn and the penumbra permeating
Washington, D.C. She uses her Gift: Call to Duty to bring
forth spirit allies to the Garou. She binds spirits and creates
fetishes for the sept

Father Thomas, "Worm-Baiter"

Position: Caern Warder

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Bone Gnawers (The Hood)

Nature / Demeanor: Caregiver / Judge

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5, Animal Ken 1, Leadership 3,
Performance 4, Repair 3, Stealth 2, Survival 4, Enigmas 2,
Investigation 1, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 2, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 3

Gifts: (1) Call of the Wyld, Mindspeak, Persuasion,
Scentof Sweet Honey; (2) Distractions, Dreamspeak, Trash
Magnet; (3) Gift of the Skunk; (4) Attunement, Shadows
by the Fire Light

Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 9

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caer, Moot Rite, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of
Passage, Rite of Ostracism, The Hunt, The Bai

Fetishes: Fang Dagger, Spirit Whistle

Image: Father Thomas appears in Homid form as a
fisherman. He's over 40 years old. He hasa short gray beard
and gray hair circling a bald spot. Thomas isa big man with
a bit of pot belly and wrinkled dark brown skin. In Lupus
form, he appears as a plump shaggy brown and gray wolf in
desperate need of brushing. He has a jagged, furless pink
scar on his right side. In Crinos, he retains his scar, but the
weight becomes muscle. He is one of the largest Bone
Gnawers.

ger's Burrow

Roleplaying Notes: Imagine a taller, stronger version of
James Earl Jones. Now picture him changing intoa werewolf

PaBR

Ee i Lf
GEL

Bone Gnawers: Washington, D.C. 31


when he gets angry. Father Thomas is a kind and gentle
man, but you wouldn't want to get him upset
Background: Thomas Brown is a big man. He is the
oldest of six children, and his alcoholic father abandoned
his mother when Thomas was ten. His mother worked two
jobs to support her kids, and Thomas was responsible for his
siblings. The Cha

nge came over him when he saw his

younger brother Jeffrey being beaten by a gang. Thomas
raged, and he only left two kids as survivors. His mother
confronted hin rds. Thomas tried to tell her, but
ased from jail on odd technicali-
ion of Bill Cameron, who brought
him to the sept. Thomas now lives in East Potomac Park,
and he does a lot of fishing, hence his name.

er

couldn't. Thomas was rel
ties due to the inter

Thomas gained renown with his storytelling ability.
Father Thomas is the
leader of the Hood movement to take

arder of the caern, and he isalso the

ack the streets.

Thomas is responsible for guiding and helping many of the
outcasts who come to the caern, Dishonesty is the only sin
Thomas won't forgive

Thomas is respected by all the Garou who come to the
caern. Asa Galliard, he uses his abilities to help the people
who come to the park, and doesn't isolate the caern from
the people. Thomas feels that the spiritual energy of the
caern is good for the humans as well. He enforces all of the
rules of the caern.

Cracked Teeth

Position: Master of the Challenge
Breed: M

Ragabash
Tribe: Bone Gnawers

Nature / Demeanor: Director / Judge
Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
amina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 0, Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 5, Streetwise 2,
bterfuge 4, Animal Ken 1, Leadership 4, Stealth 4,
ival 3, Enigmas 5, Medicine 3, Rituals 3, Science 1,
Politics 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Allies 2

Gifts: (1) Cooking, Open Seal, Scent of Running Wa-
ter, Sense Wyrm; (2) Curse of Hatred, Odious Aroma; (3)
Beg, Mental Speech, Open Moon Bridge; (4) Infest, Whelp
Body

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite of
one of Scorn, Voice of the Jackal, The Hunt
Baneskin
cked Teeth is a tall bald man with cracked
and brittle teeth. One of his eyes is a dead, black orb that
hangs in his head. He has purple blotches over his entire
body, the result of a well-developed case of AIDS. He has
the metis disfigurements of Loose Teeth and Weak Claws
(see Werewolf Players Guide).

Passage,
Fetish

Ima;

32 Caerns: Places of Power


Roleplaying Notes: You have a strong and mocking
personality, acting like Socrates turned Garou. You con-
stantly point out what you feel the truth is, and take
everything in infuriatingly good humor. You will serve asa
mentor for any Ragabash or Theurge.

Background: Cracked Teeth is an opinionated Bone
Gnawer metis. He has fought for his rights and the rights of
others his entire life. He was one of the first to come to the
new caern in D.C. to escape "oppression" in New York. He
champions the causes of all persecuted peoples. Cracked
Teeth helps his favorite causes by "gathering" information
for them. According to Cracked Teeth, most corporations
and all lobbyists are agents of the Wyrm. He believes the
Wyrm has tainted the Garou, and that they must change
the Litany to survive the Apocalypse. He is fond of quoting
Thomas Jefferson.

Cracked Teeth infected himself with AIDS from a used
drug needle. This is his test for the fifth rank, his symbol of
personal death and rebirth, as well as a statement to others.
He defies the prejudices against the AIDS-infected. If he
achieves fifth rank, he will gain the Survivor Gift and
overcome the disease. He isa font of information on almost
anything for those who would ask. He loves talking politics,
and he is very liberal. Cracked Teeth is hailed as a hero by
the metis population of the sept. However, he may soon be
a dead hero as AIDS continues to drain him.

William "Father Bill' Cameron

Position: Keeper of the Land

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Glass Walker

Nature / Demeanor: Gallant / Conniver

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 1,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2,
Leadership 3, Performance 4, Stealth 1, Computer 2, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 4, Medicine 1, Politics 5, Rituals 2, Science 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Allies 3

Gifts: (1) Control Simple Machine, Mindspeak, Persua-
sion; (2) Cybersenses, Jam Technology, Power Surge; (3)
Control Complex Machine, Data Flow, Elemental Favor,
Reshape Object; (4) Attunement, Camera Eye

Rage 3, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of
Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Cellular Phone (Level 3, Gnosis 6; this fetish
allows Bill to use Mindspeak on himself and one other
without a Willpower point. All he needs to know isaname
and phone number.)

Image: Bill Cameron has sandy brown hair and blue
eyes, and is of average height and build. He usually wears
glasses and suits. In Crinos form, his fur is a metallic gray
with yellow markings in circuitry patterns on his coat. In
Lupus form, he simply looks like a large gray wolf. He is in
his late thirties or early forties.

Roleplaying Notes: You have an air of rushed confi-
dence. You always have time to do what you want, but you
nonetheless hurry. You try not to draw attention, but if you
find potentially useful allies, you will recruit them. You like
Georgetown nightclubs and know how to party; your favor-
ite hangout is a club called the Black Magic.

Background: Bill is a big-time lawyer in Washington
D.C. He works with the Environmental Protection Agency,
the National Park Service and the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration (OSHA). His favorite activity is
enforcing government regulations on unsuspecting compa-
nies. Bill finds ways to have companies fined up to $25,000
a day for violations. He loves it. Bill even uses a few
elementals to help him create some violations when he
feels companies deserve it. He figures that he can not only
destroy most of the Wyrm's plans, but pay off about half the
national debr in fines, while making himself extraordinar-
ily rich in the process.

Bill has the duty of being Keeper of the Land for the
caern as a hobby, although he likes the golf courses in East
Potomac Park. He talks about taking over the caern with
fellow Glass Walker Olivia Wainwright, but he wants to
keep the Bone Gnawers on his side. Besides, he might need
some political "muscle" in the future.

Bill has two major problems that he can't reconcile
First, the Awakening sculpture has become available for
purchase for $400,000. He can't bring himself to break this
to the sept. Second, a little-known rag, Deviant Magazine,
published an article by one Art Morgan stating that Bill was
a werewolf. Bill has no idea who Art Morgan is or how
Deviant Magazine got this information. Currently, Bill
plans to ruin a company called Nastrum Enterprises. That
ought to take his mind off things.

Michael Atreides

Position: Gatekeeper

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Bone Gnawers (adopted, born a Black Fury)

Nature / Demeanor: Visionary / Director

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (6/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 1,
Drive 1, Melee 4, Leadership 3, Performance 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 1, Enigmas 4, Investigation 2, Law 2, Linguistics 1,
Occult 1, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Mentor 5

Bone Gnawers: Washington, D.C. 33


Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Inspiration, Scent of Sweet Honey,
Sense Wyrm; (2) Staredown, Spirit of the Fray, (3) Combat
Healing, Silver Claws

Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedi
Rite of Cleansing, Baptism of
the Opened Bridge

Fetishes: Silver Whip (Level 3, Gnosis 6; the whip adds
one level to Melee and does not cause Gnosis loss. Mother
‘Tamara created the whip for Michael. The grip is made of
steel.)

tion, Rite of Contrition,
ire, Rite of Binding, Rite of

Image: Michael Atreides is immediately recognizable
among the Bone Gnawers in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus form.
His coat is night black with silver highlights. He is a Black
Fury. In human form, he is a tall Greek-American young
man with black hair, dark eyes and a tan. He likes to wear
stylish clothing, although he usually dresses in athletic
apparel for biking around East Potomac Park.

Roleplaying Notes: You are quiet, with a hint of danger
about you. The Bone Gnawers adopted you, and you are
extremely protective of them. You want to earn the right to.
lead the Garou through the Apocalypse. You study any-
thing that might aid you in the future. You have no
patience for any type of prejudice.

Background: Michael is a descendant of the Black
Furies of the Eagle Sept. The Eagle appeared at the caern

shortly afterhis Rite of Passage. Michael learned the history
ofthe Black Furies at the site. For his Rite of Passage, he was
sent to the Black Furies' homeland in the Umbra. Two
Black Furies attacked him, trying to drive him from the
realm. Michael "accidentally" slew one, and when the
other cornered him, he was saved by the Eagle. The Eagle
told him many things. Michael had wanted to find and join
the Black Furies before the rite; now, Michael feels that he
needs to stop his "sisters" arrogance and make the Black
Furies a complete tribe of males and females. The Black
Furies are descended from priestesses of Artemis, but Artemis
worked with her twin, Apollo. Michael believes that the
Black Furies will not survive the Apocalypse without their
male counterparts.

He has taken the last name Atreides since his Rite of
Passage. He and his fellow Ahrouns use bicycles to patrol
the bawn. Michael has recently become the Gatekeeper of
the Caern. He wears the Pathstone on a necklace, and the
Eagle has come to his aid to help close the Moon Bridge
from invaders.

Blood-Licker

Position: Guardian #1
Breed:
Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Bone Gnawers

Nature / Demeanor: Confidant / Bravo

Homid

34 Caerns: Places of Power


Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/2), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Primal-Urge 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 1, Drive 1, Stealth 3,
Survival 1, Investigation 3, Linguistics 1, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Allies 1

Gifts: (1) Cooking, Persuasion, Razor Claws; (2) Jam
Technology, Odious Aroma, Sense Silver

Rage 7, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Ranl

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: None

Image: Blood-Licker is large, light gray, jackal-looking
wolf with matted fur. In Homid form, he is an average-
looking, clean-shaven black man of average height in good
physical condition. He is 23. He dresses in sweats.

Roleplaying Notes: You are fairly friendly and helpful.
You enjoy meeting Garou, especially Ahrouns. You show
people things instead of talking about them. You are the
sept's vampire expert, but you don't like to discuss the
undead.

Background: Blood-Licker is one of the defenders of the
caern. He knows the Metro system better than any other
Garou. He spends most of his time patrolling the city with
his Black Rat Pack, hunting agents of the Wyrm, He rents
an apartment near Howard University.

Blood-Licker joined the septasa youth. Hedoesn'trecall
his life before the Change except in violent nightmares.
Blood-Licker is attached to Father Thomas, and he tries
hard not to look bad in Father Thomas' eyes. He lost ritual
combats constantly while growing up, and he was named
for licking his wounds. He doesn't like his Garou name.

Asanadult, however, he has slain a number of vampires.
When he raged in a battle, he ended up drinking Leech
blood. Hehas the Potence Discipline from drinking vampiric
blood. On any strength roll, Blood-Licker automatically
receives an extra success. However, he is much more prone
to Rage. All of his Rage difficulty numbers are reduced by
one, This Potence only lasts after he has recently feasted on
vampire blood, but Blood-Licker is growing addicted to the
blood of the Leeches. He hasn't told anyone at the caern
about this craving, noteven members ofhis Black Rat Pack.

Blood-LickerhasaLeech source named George Lawrence
who lives in the sewers and chain smokes. He knows that
George is a recovering drug addict who likes the San
Antonio Spurs and is one of the Nosferatu. George is one
of the keepers of the Metro truce. He provides Blood-
Licker with information about the Wyrm's activities.
Blood-Licker has considered telling him about his possible
addiction, but he has refrained so far, Currently, he avoids
George so that his friend doesn't become a meal. For his
part, George has noticed the change in Blood-Licker, and
he may try to contact other Garou.

Blood-Licker's addiction does not register on the Gift:
Sense Wyrm. (This would no longer be true if he were to
perform a bestial act that would, in a sense, reduce his
"Humanity".)

Story Jdeas

1. The U.S. government investigates a Pentex subsid-
iary. Pentex pays off a number of Congressmen and Justice
Department officials to kill the investigation. The Garou
arrive in Washington, D.C. to steal evidence and leak it to
the press, possibly harming Pentex and certainly hurting
their political pawns.

2. The government tries to sell millions of acres of federal
land to Pentex for development, including large sections of
several protectorates. Since this action would be unpopular
with voters, Pentex and the Congress downplay it. The sept
steals records and leaks them to the press in an attempt to
stop this.

3. Blood-Licker and the members of the Black Rat pack
have become ghouls of a powerful Leech. They are blood
bound to this vampire, and they start attacking other septs
and members of the Septof the Awakening. In desperation,
the Bone Gnawers try tracking them down. Optionally,
they could attack other septs on the East Coast to further
the Leeches' plans, bringing characters in from elsewhere
to stop them.

4. The Sept of the Awakening decides to accept a ronin
who has been hunted across the country for violations of
the Litany. The players' pack is sent to recapture her.

5. The caern spirit awak ding all of the members
of the Sept of the Awakenii age against the Wyrm
and its minions in Washing! . Mother Tamara uses
her Riot Gift, and chaos reigns fh the nation's capital. The
Veil is threatened and members/of other tribes enter the
city to stop them. However, every Garou that enters is
consumed with Rage. The characters have tocommunicate
with spirits to solve the problem: They learn that the spirit
rages because of the deaths of the Croatan. The pack must
travel into the Umbra and seek out the Turtle totem from
the Croatan Tribal Homeland to calm the spirit and pre-
serve both the Veil and the city. (See Umbra: The Velvet
Shadow for more detail on/the:Groatan Homeland.)

6. A national official from the pack's area is a servant of
the Wyrm. She has startedspassing laws authorizing the
hunting of wolves to protect other animals. As the wolf
population faces near extinction, the players must travel to
the Sept of the Awakening and ask for help in stopping the
politician before her'proposal becomies law.

7. If the characters are falsely accused by enemies of
violating the Litany, theyimay flee touehé Sépe of the
Awakening for sanctuaty until they caf clear their names.

Bone Gnawers: Washington, D.C. 35


Caerns: Places of Power


Sept of the
lestern Eye

Caern: Muir Woods National Monument in the Bay
Area Protectorate. Located near Mt. Tamilpais on the
Marin Peninsula, near the town of Muir Woods. The next

largest town nearby is Mill Valley.

Lev.
Gauntlet: 3
Type: Wisdom
Tribal Structure: Children of Gaia, with Uktena; open
toall
Totem: Acolus (Fog)

Geography

The caer of the Sept of the Western Eye is located ina
small hollow in the hills, deep in the redwoods of the Muir
Woods National Monument. Muir Woods is surrounded by
Mt. Tamilpais State Park. Mt. Tamilpais is the tallest peak
on the Marin peninsula, overlooking the San Francisco Bay
to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west

by Richard Strong

Children of Gaia: San Francisco

Bawn

The bawn of the caern extends to the edges of Mt
Tamilpais State Park. This park is very heavily travelled
during the day, and campi
The guardians of the caern
who is near the caern. Due to the large amount of casual

is permitted in specific areas.
e usually busy keeping track of

human traffic through the park, the bawn is structured in
layers to prevent humans (or enemies) from walking into
the caem itself. Although the Children of C
peaceful co-existence with the humans, the caern is well

ia believe in

hidden.

The outermost layer of the bawn is the park boundary
The park is patrolled by Kinfolk among the rangers and
tourists. The next layer of the bawn is a hidden series of
paths that lead around the site of the caemn. These paths are
hidden with magic and skill, and are difficult to find
(Perception + Enigmas, difficulty 7) ifone does not already
know the way. These paths are cleverly laid so tha
after finding the paths, visitors do not realize there is a

even

hidden cleft in the hills. It is easy to get lost in this section
of the woods.

The final layer of the bawn is the path leading to the
caern itself. The path can be r
only by leaping over a huge boulder. The boulder is the
"main gate" to the caern, and is always guarded by a Garou

ched from the n trail

37


inarangeruniform (whether he is actually a rangerdepends
on who is on guard duty). The top of the boulder is not flat.
Ithasa steep face anda sharp edge facing upwards. To enter
the path that leads directly to the caern, one must leap
completely over the boulder in one bound (Strength +
Athletics, difficulty 6, three successes required).

Center

The center isa clearing. In the middle of the clearing is
a rough circle of five young redwoods. These trees were
planted by the Children of Gaia when they assumed control
of the caern earlier this century. The trees are around 85
years old and stand over a hundred feet high.

The Uktena of the septhave kept asecret tradition here.
There is a medicine circle of carved and painted stones
beneath the roots of these trees. Many years ago, before the
coming of the Children of Gaia, the Uktena secretly placed
the stones. They are powerful fetishes to protect the caern
and ensure that the Cataclysm remains asleep (see below).
Each stone was a gift from another sept. Each stone is a
powerful fetish of its own.

Landmarks

There is a grove of very old redwoods near the caer
within the inner bawn boundary. The Graves of Hallowed
Heroes are in the grove. The trees bear glyphs signifying
who is buried here. To mundane eyes, the glyphs would
appear as very old bear markings high off the ground. There
are about twenty graves. Every spring equinox, a special
Rite of Remembrance is held by the entire sept. The Rite
lasts for three days. During this time, contests are held, and
stories of the fallen heroes are told again and again so that
the younger sept members can learn them.

A small stream flows from east to west through the center
of the caemn. Nearby, there is an area where the guardians
sleep and relax. Many of the lupus members of the sept
consider this area their "home".

Umbrascape

Within the inner bawn, the Umbra is strong and the
Gauntlet is thin. This is a restful place in the Umbra, and
it is frequently used for meditation. The entire area was
once a Glen, but now there is far too much human traffic
nearby fora pure manifestation of Gaia. However, through-
out the redwood forests, the trees are old enough, and have
enough presence, that they appear in the Umbra much as
they do in the mundane world.

Within the redwood forest of the Umbra, the caern is
plainly marked and well guarded. Trees and bushes form a
line around the outer bawn that is difficult to penetrate
(Wits + Survival, difficulty 7), and the paths are an ever-
changing maze. Only the sept members know its secrets.
There are always one or more guardians present in the
Umbra near the caern.

History

The caern was created by Hawk-Sees-the-Sun of the
Uktena at some time in the distant past, long before the
white man came to California. The redwoods were obvi-
ously sacred to Mother Earth. After much consideration,
the site on the slopes of Mr. Tamilpais was chosen as a
caern.

The Uktena tell stories passed down through the years
about meetings with Sir Francis Drake, who wintered at
nearby Point Reyes in 1579. The tribe tended the caern and
their Kinfolk among the Ohlone Indians for centuries, but
when the white man first began to arrive, the Uktena cast
powerful magics. The purpose of these magics is still un-
known. They might have been divinations of the future or
wards against the coming of the invaders. Whatever the
purpose, the magic went awry and caused a great Cata-
clysm.

The Uktena seldom speak of "the Great Cataclysm" that
occurred several generations after Drake was in the area.
Before the Cataclysm, the land we know as the San Fran-
cisco Bay was a large, pleasant valley, separated from the
Pacific Ocean by a narrow wall of the coastal mountain
ranges, Sometime in the early 1600's, a traumatic event
occurred that rent the Umbra and caused a huge earth-
quake in the mundane world. The entire valley floor w:
lowered by as much as 50 feet. The coastal mountain range
broke open, creating the Golden Gate, the strait where a
famous bridge would eventually be built, The waters of the
Pacific flooded into the new bay.

The nature of the Cataclysm is a closely guarded secret
among the Uktena of the sept, but it is known that the
Uktena have never told the Children of Gaia the purpose
of some of their secret rites. The Uktena use secret rites to
keep the Cataclysm at bay. These rites involve the five
sacred stones that form a very powerful fetish.

The years between 1750 and 1910 were the worst for the
sept and its native kin. As missionaries claimed souls and
poisoned folkways, farmers and ranchers took the land and
hunted down the natives as if they were animals. At
Mission Delores, many Native Americans died of disease
and malnutrition. The site is now a Blight, haunted by the
tortured spirits of thousands of dead natives.

The sept tried its best to defend and succorits people, but
there were not enough Garou. Too much energy had to be
given in special rites to heal the rents in the world torn by
the Cataclysm. Finally, in the early years of the 1900s, the
sept held a last moot. The leaders of the sept invited the
Children of Gaia to aid them in holding the caern and
maintain peace with the humans so that the Uktena could
concentrate on spiritual affairs.

With the moderating influence of the Children, and the
help of powerful Kinfolk like John Muir, the caern has been
protected. The sept has been able to avoid many of the
troubles that have occurred in the Bay Area.

38 Caerns: Places of Power


After the Children of Gaia became involved with the
caern, Alsea Walks-the-Distance became the Voice of the
Goddess. Duncan Evenhand was the Arm of the Goddess.
Alsea and Duncan began the sept's policy of working
within the system to defend caerns and protect the wilder-
ness in California. They were able to build a powerful
network of dedicated environmentalists in the Bay Area,
including Kinfolk, and their grassroots campaign helped in
the establishment of many parks. Alsea was laid to rest in
thesacred grove in 1955, and Duncan followed her in 1963.
Celeste Snowtop became the Voice of the Goddess, and
Tim Rowantree was named Arm years later. During the
turbulent decade of the 1960s, Celeste was active in the
"counterculture" that was focused in and around the San
Francisco/Berkeley area.

The Sept

The sept is controlled by the Children of Gaia, but the
spiritual affairs of the caern are left in the hands of the
Uktena. The Uktena trust no one with the secret of the
Cataclysm and the rites that hold it at bay, but they are
willing to sacrifice anything to see that the rites are main-
tained. By and large, the Children have worked well with
the Uktena, although the Uktena are ever vigilant against
any other tribe or pack gaining power at the caern. Their
greatest fear is that the Cataclysm could become a tool in
the hands of a power-hungry or warlike tribe, and they
speak in hushed tones of the disastrous effects for Gaia
should it ever be unleashed.

Personalities
Celeste Snowtop

Position: Voice of the Goddess / Sept Leader

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Nature / Demeanor: Judge / Caregiver

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1,
Empathy 4, Expression (Singing) 3, Primal-Urge 2, Subter-
fuge 2, Animal Ken 2, Leadership 4, Enigmas 3, Rituals 4,
Politics 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Pure Breed 5

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Persuasion, Truth of Gaia;
(2) Calm, King of the Beasts, Staredown; (3) Dazzle,
Wisdom of the Ancient Ways; (4) Serenity, Beast Life

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

Rank: 4

Rites: Assume Celeste knows any rite necessary to the
functioning of the caern, except the secret rites concerning
the Cataclysm.

Fetishes: Friendship Ring, Fang Dagger

Merits: Venus Rising, Calm Heart

Image: As a Homid, Celeste is a strong, handsome black
woman in her late 50s or early 60s. She has obviously spent
most of her life outdoors. She has white hair that she wears
in a short "natural", and her tanned face is creased with
laugh lines. In Lupus form, she has the same white hair and
appearance of effortless strength. In particular, the sound of
her howls always seems to carry far beyond the normal
range.

Roleplaying Notes: Celeste radiates an aura of good will
and strength of character. She is someone people turn tofor
advice. Look openly and honestly at each person who
speaks to you. Celeste will never willingly lie outright,
although she will steer a conversation away from sensitive
matters. Celeste is a firm member of the Patient Deed
faction among the Children.

Background: Celeste was born in the late 40s in San
Francisco. Her parents were jazz beatniks who later joined
the radical peace movement. She was raised in and around
the Bay Area, and she has an immense amount of "pull"
through various contacts. When she was of age, she was
contacted by her uncle, Duncan Evenhand, and taught her
true heritage. She has worked long and hard to maintain
the peace and prosperity of the Bay Area and its extensive
system of parks. Now she has begun to search for someone

Children of Gaia: San Francisco 39


San Francisco - Children of Gai

‘1 Caern Site - Mult Woods National Monument
A. Mount Tamlipals - 784 Feet

to take over her position, for she has begun to feel the
weight of the years.

Able Heart

Position: Warder

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Nature / Demeanor: Survivor / Lone Wolf

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Primal-Urge 3,
Firearms 3, Melee (Klaive) 4, Leadership 3, Survival 3,
Investigation 2, Medicine 3, Rituals 4, Kailindo 2

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 2, Kinfolk 1

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Mother's Touch, Resist
Pain; (2) Luna's Armor, Scent of Sight, Sense the Unnatu-
ral; (3) Heart of Fury; (4) Beast Life, Stoking Fury's Furnace

Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4

Rank: 4

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Binding, Rite of Praise, Rite of
the Winter Wolf, Badger's Burrow

Fetishes: Grand Klaive (difficulty 7, Strength + 5
damage)

Merits / Flaws: Reputation, Danger Sense / Dark Fate,
Animal Musk

Image: As a Homid, Able Heart appears as a stocky,
barrel-chested man of average height. He has brown eyes
and close cropped brown hair. Hesmilesand laughs quickly,
butalways watches his surroundings. Several large scars run
across his chest and arms. As a wolf, he is fairly large, with
the same short brown hair. Able Heart's klaive is a two
handed, curved weapon of silver with a leather handle;
when not in lupus form, he always carries this strapped to
his back.

Roleplaying Notes: You have a rare attitude, for Gaia
has shown you your own death. You have come to fully
accept it. Be direct, but not too solemn. You have seen the
face of combat, and know to enjoy the good times while you
can. Life is short, and you know from your dreams that you
will be destroyed while fighting against the Wyrm. This
knowledge lends a passion to every action that you take, for
this day may be your last...

Background: Able Heart was born in the "Barren
Ground" of central Canada. He was found by his pack and
taught his heritage. He gained his name not through a
vision, but by refusing to kill a Bane-ridden human that he
captured. Instead, he treated the sickness with herbs and
the human with love and compassion, eventually driving
out the Bane.

Able Heart became involved in the militant American
Indian movement in the 1970s after receiving visions of his
own destruction while fighting the Wyrm. Since he met
Celeste, however, he has returned to the philosophy of
non-violence. She has taught him to accept his fate. He
continues to hone his martial skills, but now views them as
a part of his way of life, not a problem solving technique.

Tim Rowantree

Position: Arm of the Goddess / Guardian

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Nature / Demeanor: Director / Traditionalist

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 3, Drive 2, Leadership 3, Melee 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 3, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Familiar Spirit 3

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Persuasion, Resist Pain; (2) Jam
Technology, Staredown; (3) Silver Claws, Spirit Friend

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Wounding

Fetishes: Spirit Whistle, seven Pine Daggers

Merits / Flaws: Calm Heart / Uneducated (illiterate)

Image: A large, gentle man with heavily callused hands,
long sandy blond hair and blue eyes. He normally wears

40 Caerns: Places of Power


jeans and a tie-dyed T-shirt. He puts his hair in a ponytail.
In Lupusform, he has light brown, slightly shaggy fur. Tim's
spiritally isalways around him, hovering in the Umbra. His
spirit friend is a Jaggling spirit from a grove of Rowan trees
near Tim's birthplace.

Roleplaying Notes: Be somewhat shy, but not overly so
Always look around and keep tabs on who is present. Be
very supportive of Celeste

Background: Tim grew up in remote eastern Quebec
among illiterate, simple homesteaders who had no place in
the busy modern world, He always loved the deep forests
that surrounded his home, and as a boy, he learned to
survive in the deep woods. When the Change came, Tim
gladly accepted his role as a defender of the forests. He
traveled widely before making this caern his home in the
70s.

March Lion

Position: Master of the Rite

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Uktena (Banetender)

Nature / Demeanor: Austist / Judge

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/66),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 4, Primal-Urge 2, Animal Ken 2,
Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Leadership 2, Performance 2, Enigmas 4,
Occult 3, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Past Life 3, Totem 4

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Mindspeak, Sense Magic;
(2) Call of the Wyrm, Dreamspeak, Sense the Unnatural,
Spirit of the Bird; (3) Detect Spirit, Invisibility; (4) Hand
of the Earth Lords, Shadows by the Firelight

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 4

Rank: 4

Rites: Assume March Lion knows any rite necessary to
his station. He also knows the secret rite: Chain the
Cataclysm (Level 5).

Fetishes: Fang Dagger, many small fetishes and talens

Merits / Flaws: Favor, Mixed Morph / Sign of the Wolf

Image: A fairly small, wiry man with an air of determi-
nation. March Lion has the black hair and dark brown eyes
of a Native Indian. As a wolf, his coat is shiny black.

Children of Gaia: San Francisco


Roleplaying Notes: March Lion is quick and energetic,
with a clever wit. He loves to tell stories. His years have
begun to tell upon him, and he (like Celeste) is now in
search of someone worthy who can take his place. He is the
senior among the Uktena of the caern, and he acts as
mentor and teacher to those of his tribe.

History: Born free in the wilds of British Columbia, he
was called by his dreams after the Change to come to
California. He has leda life full of the study of Garou ritual,
and isa true expert. The previous Master of the Rite at this
caern asked him to assume the duties as a personal favor.
The debr still needs to be repaid by the kin of the previous
Master. March Lion was originally of the Earth Guides
faction of the Uktena, but has been a Banetender for many
years now.

Hot Eye

Position: Gatekeeper

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Uktena

Nature / Demeanor: Conformist / Confidant

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Primal-Urge 1,
Subterfuge 2, Melee (Staff) 3, Performance 3, Stealth 2,
Enigmas 3, Linguistics 5, Occult 3, Rituals 4,

Backgrounds: Mentor 3

Gifts: (1) Create Element, Scent of the Truth Form,
Shroud; (2) King of the Beasts, Spirit of the Fish; (3) Eyes
of the Cat, Mental Speech

Rage 4, Gnosis 4, Willpower 5

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of the Opened Bridge, Chain the Cataclysm

Fetishes: Staff of the Mule (when wielded by a metis,
this oaken staff acts as a Silver Sword)

Merits / Flaws: Church Ties, Natural Linguist /One Eye
(left)

Image: Hot Eye is a middle-aged Mesoamerican Indian.
He wears a patch over his right eye in all forms, and carries
his staff in all but Lupus form. As a wolf, his fur is patchy
brown and white.

Roleplaying Notes: Never speak first, unless there is an
emergency. Your gift with languages enables you to guess a
great deal about someone's upbringing based on how they
speak, so you are a very careful listener. When speaking,
always act as though you are fluent speaking a language
other than the one you're using — use unusual phrases and
search for the correct words.

Quote: ";Habla Espanol? English? We must have talk
aboutall of this before you go. I think that we can help you,
of course, but we must... share... our information, then we
will be preparing better."

Background: Hot Eye was born in Guatemala during the
worst of the civil war. His pa
they assumed that they would both be dead very soon
When, to their surprise, they survived into calmer times,
they left Hot Eye among kin in the remote villages. The
child's affinity for languages was obvious, so the village
priest took him in and raised him. Hot E
University of Guatemala, where he studied linguistics. He
joined the church as expected of him, but then the change
came. After discovering his true heritage, he travelled to
America to join the fight against the Wyrm. During the
"20s, Hot Eye was part of the migrant farm workers' struggle
for rights, That was where he met Able Heart and Celeste.

Sharon Morning Cloud

Position: Keeper of the Land

Breed: Human

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Uktena

Nature / Demeanor: Conformist / Autist

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Expression 2, Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 3,
Performance 2, Enigmas 2, Science (Botany) 3

Backgrounds: Kinfolk (Ohlone Indians)

rents slept together because

fe was sent to the

42 Caerns: Places of Power

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Sense Magic, Smell of
Man; (2) Sense of the Prey, Spirit of the Bird; (3) Gremlins

Rage 3, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5

Rank: 3

Rites: Gathering for the Departed, Rite of Remem-
brance, Rite of Summoning

Fetishes: none

Merits / Flaws: Common Sense, Moon-Bound / Dark
Secret (gave birth to a metis)

Image: Sharon isaslightly built Native American woman
inher mid-twenties. She has long dark hair and brown eyes.
‘Asa wolf, she is smaller than average, with long dark fur.

Roleplaying Notes: Be quiet, somewhat secretive. You
are always busy tending herbs or plants in and around the
site of the caern. While you seem friendly and open, there
is a certain point past which you will not let friendship
develop. You do not want to share intimacy with anyone—
after all, the last time you did, it led to the birth of a metis.
use of this, you have a great deal of trouble dealing with
and generally ignore them unless forced to interact.
Even then, your manner will become noticeable, wooden
and forced.

Background: Sharon is an Ohlone Indian; her tribe is
native to the Californian coast. Her Uktena uncle raised
herand taught the heritage of her People. She was raised on
the Round Valley Indian Reservation, but has lived in San
Francisco all her adult life. Five years ago, she fell in love
with a Bone Gnawer she met in Golden Gate Park. Things
got out of hand, and she became pregnant. Her lover
abandoned her, and when her child was born, she gave it to
herkin on the reservation. She was unable to deal with the
emotional trauma. She very rarely visits the reservation
because of this.

Silent Fist-Chat-Wins

Position: Master of the Challenge

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Uktena

Nature / Demeanor: Traditionalist / Bravo

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Primal-Urge 3, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 5, Enigmas 2,
Medicine 2, Kailindo 3

Backgrounds: Mentor 4
Gifts: Clenched Jaw, Secrets
Rage 5, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4
Rank:

Fetishes: Klaive
Merits / Flaws: Huge Size / Mute

Image: A truly huge man, Fist-That-Wins stands eight
feet tall in homid form. He keeps his black hair cropped
short. Asa wolf, he ishuge. His fur isa heavy, short coat. His
Crinos form is 12 feet tall. In all of his forms, he is covered
by the scars of his career as a fighter.

Roleplaying Notes: Silent Fist-That-Winshasthe knack
of showing up when there isa fight that he should be in. He
does this by using his skill at stealth to sneak around and
listen. He knows that his real duty is to help keep the
Uktena in charge of the rituals of the caern by defeating any
challenge that might interfere

Quote (signed, not spoken): "My duty is not to fight. My
duty is to win."

Background: Fist-That-Wins is very young to havesuch
an important position. Hot Eye and March Lion support
him, however,

San Francisco Garou
and Others

There are many Garou of different tribes who are allied
to the sept, aiding them in small ways in return for access to
the caern.

Bongos: Bongos is a Bone Gnawer beatnik who knows
his way around— you can find him at a bookstore called
City Lights. He's been writing bad poetry since he read
Keroac in the late fifties. He's the leader of the local

Children of Gaia: San Francisco


Gnawers, who have a low-level caern hidden in the city.
The Bone Gnawers live in Golden Gate Park among the
many homeless tents there. The Bone Gnawers have gotten
into some nasty fights with vampires who come looking for
an easy drink.

Roderick Harrington, "Money Bags": Roderick is a
high-finance Glass Walker. He has many deals going on
with Asian firms in the hopes of contacting strange new
Asian technology spirits. He runs the local Glass Walkers,
who are settled in Silicon Valley, gathered around an ever-
shifting network caern. The caer center can be changed to
any computer hooked up to their massive network of
supercomputers. These guys are on the forefront of Umbra
cybertech.

Morihei High Mountain: Morihei isa Stargazer Kailindo
master who will teach his art to others. He is quite old now,
but amazingly fit. He has a Wendigo student who is impul-
sive and reckless, but is slowly learning patience. He has
contact with a Nosferatu and is helping him search for
Golconda.

Rokea: A recent phenomenon of the coast is the in-
crease of Great White Sharks. This was caused the
intervention of some environmental activists to save the
sea lion population. Now the number of sea lions has grown
out of proportion, and sharks have moved into handle the
ss. There may or may not be a Rokea (wereshark)
among the Great Whites.

A club belonging to the Kindred of San Francisco (the
Vampire Club) is detailed in AWorld of Darkness.

The Wyrm

The Wyrm has no strongholds in the area— at least,
none the Garou are aware of. But evil lurks where it's leas
expected. The minions of Corruption who work in and
around the Bay Area are secretive. Make no mistake, they
are active, but rarely do their plans become obvious until it
is too late. For now, they lurk and wait, waiting for an
opportunity to wreak havoc.

The Underlings: This is a small Black Spiral Dancers
pack, living in the sewers of S.F. They are from the Horrid
Hole Pit in Death Valley (mentioned by Charles Manson
in his ravings). They are eager to prove themselves against
the Garou.

Developmental Neogenetics
Amalgamated

D.N.A. is well-entrenched into the area, especially in
Silicon Valley. These high-tech scientists are involved in
many genetics labs in the area, and gather information and
data. They have some info taken from a captive Garou in
Washington state (see "Weird Science," in Valkenburg
Foundation). Doctor Dag Jragghold, an outside supervisor,
has just arrived, and can spread some light on the perplex-
ing data.

Caerns: Places of Power

Dag is one of the few who is aware of the Garou. He has
come to the area to supervise the research on the specimens
gathered atN.N.L. He recognized the peculiar Garou DNA
immediately. He is now desperate to retrieve some more
samples, which means he is gathering a high-tech hit squad
to find a local Garou and capture him.

D.N.A. is well equipped with bizarre scientific devices
well beyond the knowledge of the scientific community.
They have kept this technology quiet, waiting until they
can fully secure the patents. They are also wary of introduc-
ingiit for fear that they would fall under heavy government
scrutiny and regulation.

Story Jdeas

1. The Glass Walkers caern has a virus. It threatens to
destroy the caern and corrupt the penumbra about Silicon
Valley. The sept asks the characters to journey to the
CyberRealm, in the Umbra, to destroy the virus.

D.N.A. targets the character pack as guinea pigs for
their experiments. The Garou must take on the high-tech
world of the Bay Area genetics labs.

The Cataclysm

No one is sure what the Cataclysm is — not even the
Uktena. It has been held dormant by rites for a long time.
Only the diligence of the Uktena has kept it dormant. The

lore handed down to them speaks of it both asa giant Bane
bound under the earth, struggling to escape its cage, and as
an elemental of such size and power that it would unhinge
the mind of any who would witness it.

The Uktena know that whenever they are lax, the earth
shakes. San Francisco has suffered massive earthquakes in
times when the Uktena rites have failed. The Uktena fear
the day when there are none left to perform the ritual, thus
awakening the Cataclysm and delivering California into
the sea.

‘There are many stories that can be run involving this
disaster waiting to happen.

1. Pentex has learned of the Wyrm monstrosity that
created the Cataclysm. They are preparing to awaken it,
using the Underlings, a pack of Black Spirals in San
Francisco. Your sept has sent you to warn the Sept of the
Western Eye, but the Black Spirals will try to stop you. Will
March Lion even listen? Or will he interpret it as a plot to
gain control of the caern and the secrets of the Uktena?

2. Seismologists are setting up some new equipment to
study California's shifting tectonic plates. Spirits warn the
Garou that the technology spirits that live in these new
devices will awaken the Cataclysm. Can the Garou destroy
the devices before they are used?

Children of Gaia: San Francisco 45


5
:
<
>
2
8
S
a
Pa
E
8
o


Harry Heckel

with John Gavigan

The Sept of the
Gri-Spiral

Caern: Brugh Na Boinne, County Meath, Leinster,
Ireland

Level: 5
Gauntlet: 3
Type
Tribal Structure: Open, controlled by the Fianna

jnosis, Honor and Plenty

Totems: The Stag and Dana

Geography

bank of a bend in the Boyne River, lies Brugh Na Boinne.
It is one of the oldest and most potent caerns in the world.

n the towns of Navan and Slane, on the north

Spiral and bi-spiral patterns mark many ancient sites in
the British Isles and northwestern France. The tri-spiral
pattern is unique to Brugh Na Boinne. The design is an
interlinking pattern of three spirals, and it represents the

three centers of the caern at Brugh Na Boinne.

Three mounds covering "passage graves" are in the area

They form the three centers of Brugh Na Boinne and are
located at Newgrange, Knowth and Dowth,

The three

Fianna: Ireland

The points of the

centers form an equilateral triangle
triangle are one kilometer apart. Newgrange lies at the
nadir pointing to the south. Knowth is to the northwest;
Dowth is to the northeast. A similar triangle exists between
Brugh Na Boinne, Tara and Tailteann.
home of the High King of Ireland, and Tailteann is the site
of the annual Grand Moot of the Fianr

Tara is the ancient

celebrating the
Brugh Na
Boinne might be the only caern in the world with three

ancient festival of Lughnasa on August Ist

centers.

Fertile farmland surrounds Brugh Na Boinne. Kinfolk of
the Fianna own these lands, raising cattle and
They also own several farmhouses made of wood. The
Newgrange House, next to the mound of the

growing oats

ame name, is

made of stone. The government recognizes the Mac Fionn

family as the owners of the Newgrange property. The
leaders of the Tri-Spiral Sep
name and deed the property to their successors.

Il take Mac Fionnas their last

A building contain a museum and visitor's center

stands near the Newgrange mound.

Bawn

The bawn covers the entire area of Brugh Na Boinne,
containing all of the land in the bend of the Boyne river.

The Boyr

provides one set of boundaries. The bawn

47


extends north to the main road that runs between the
towns of Navan and Slane.

Centers

The three centers of Brugh Na Boinne share certain
characteristics. Each center contains a "passage grave"
covered with earth. The passages are constructed with
massive slabs of stone leading to a central chamber with a
corbelled ceiling. In corbelled ceilings, each stone partly
overlaps the one below. Alll the stones come together at the
top. Sometimes a small hole is left at the top and covered
by a capstone. Inside, corbelled chambers look as if they
were vaulted, Networks of grooves in the stones channel
water away, keeping the roofs waterproof.

Each centercontainsasecret chamber with no entrances
orexits. Instead, permanent spirit gates exist in the Umbra
between the central chambers and the secret chambers.
Fianna symbols mark the gates on the physical plane. Tri-
spiral symbols mark spirit gates between the three centers.
The secret chambers serve various purposes. The Fianna
use the secret chamber at Newgrange for rites. The secret
chamber at Knowth holds sept fetishes, including ancient
faerie weapons, The Garoustore food in the secret chamber
at Dowth, preserving an ancient tradition of helping their
Kinfolk in case of famine. Spirit guardians protect each
secret chamber.

Newgrange

Newgrange sits on high ground above the river Boyne. A
stone circle 340 feet in diameter surrounds the mound. This
circle is identical to the smaller circles of Avebury near
Stonehenge. The sun rises directly above the heel stone on
the morning of the summer solstice, the longest day of the
year, and various menhits chart out the 19-year lunar cycle.

A wall of white quartz holds back the earth around the
entrance to Newgrange. An elaborately decorated stone
lies in front of the low doorway. Various designs have been
carved onit, including the Fianna symbol. A roof-box—an
opening similar toa window— lies above the entrance. The
passage into Newgrange slopes upward towards the central
chamber of the mound.

The central chamber at Newgrange is shamrock-shaped.
The passage forms the stalk, and three small chapel-like
spaces open off the central space to form the leaves. Each
niche contains a massive stone bowl holding the ashes of
Tuatha De Danan nobles. Abstract designs are chipped
into the stones: spirals, whorls, scallops, circles, chevrons
and even stylized serpents.

Once in the center, an individual may look south-
southeast to the far side of the Boyne through the roof-box.
Every year, atsunrise on the wintersolstice, the shortest day
of the year, the sun shines through the roof box into the
chamber. For a few moments, the dark carvings inside the
mound catch the sunlight, and the corbelled ceiling glows
with an unearthly light.

The full moon shines into the chamber on the night
before Samhain, an ancient Celtic festival celebrated on
October 31st. The Christians changed the name of this
night to Halloween. The carvings also glow on this sacred
night.

The Gauntlet lowers inside Newgrange when the carv-
ings light, and for those brief moments, the Umbra and
physical world are one. Garou present have all of their
Gnosis replenished. No clouds have obscured the sun or
moon during the winter solstice or the eve of Samhain for
the past 4,000 years.

The center at Newgrange is a Caern of Gnosis.

Knowth

The passage grave at Knowth is one-and-a-half times the
size of Newgrange. Two passages lead to the central cham-
ber. Designs like those found at Newgrange cover the
central chamber at Knowth. The Tri-Spiral sept holds war
councils, dispenses Garou justice and performs rites at
Knowth.

As an extra precaution, a massive stone in the Umbra
hides the spirit gate to the secret chamber at Knowth.
When a Garou pressesa carving of the Fianna tribal symbol,
the stone pivots to reveal the spirit gate. Garou leaving the
secret chamber must press a tri-spiral symbol on the other
side of the stone.

The center at Knowth is a Caern of Honor.

Dowth

Dowth is the twin of Knowth, It resembles Knowth in
many ways. However, the carvings inside Dowth are cov-
ered in gold. Riches worthy of faerie kings rest in the niches
at Dowth. None of the Fianna dare touch the golden
valuables. The faeries cursed them so that anyone who
takes them from Dowth will come to no good end.

A spirit gate allows the sept to access the secret chamber
at Dowth. The secret chamber of Dowth is much larger
than the secret chambers of Knowth and Newgrange. It is
the size of a large banquet hall. Within the secret chamber,
taps flow with an unlimited supply of water and beer. Food
of all sorts adorns the tables, and no matter how much the
Garou eat, there is still more. The Tri-Spiral Sept holds
great banquets here. Only sept members may enter the
chamber, and Bron Mac Fionn, the sept leader, discourages
gluttony at the banquet table. Instead, the sept distributes
food to Kinfolk during famines or hard times.

The center at Dowth is a Caern of Plenty.

Landmarks

Archaeologists refer to the region around Brugh Na
Boinne as the Boyne Valley cemetery. Tumuli (small pas-
sage graves) and several standing stones dot the area. Many
graves of faerie and Fianna heroes lie in this area. Their
spirits sometimes manifest themselves in Brugh Na Boinne.

48 Caerns: Places of Power

A building containing the visitors' center and museum
stands in front of the entrance to Newgrange. A cluster of
oak trees conceal the entrance from the museum, Tours of
Newgrange and the exterior of Knowth leave from here.
The building contains a coffee shop and a version of the
history of Brugh Na Boinne suitable for humans.

Umbrascape

The Umbra and the physical plane are almost indistin-
guishable at Brugh Na Boinne. Only a subtle change in
feeling occurs when a Garou steps sideways here. Every-
thing in the Umbra somehow feels more "real" than in the
physical world.

Animal spirits roam about Brugh Na Boinne, and some-
times Garou in the Umbra can view the Stag himself. A
manifestation of Dana serves as the caern totem for Brugh
Na Boinne. Although there are three centers, only one
Moon Bridge may open from Brugh Na Boinne at any time.

History

Over 4,000 years ago, Brugh Na Boinne drove the Wyrm
from Ireland by defeating the Fir Bolg, a race of fomori.
They then created the Tuatha De Danann and the Fianna.

According to Fianna songs, the Tuatha De Danan were
faeries who fought alongside the Lupines to drive Wyrm
influence from Ireland. Both Garou and faeries built the

Rel feta

caern for access to the Umbra. Together, they explored the
Umbra and discovered secrets about the universe. Then the
faeries left.

The Fianna claim that they don't know why the faeries
left. Many of them do have theories. Some say it was
because the influence of the Weaver was too strong for the
Wyld within the faeries. Others believe that the faeries
tired of the challenges of the physical world compared to
the limitless wonders of the Umbra. One story is that
humanity and the Weaver overwhelmed the Fair Folk.

The faeries left behind trods in the Umbra anda gateway
to Arcadia near the Fianna Tribal Homeland. Some faeries
may have stayed behind, intermarrying with the mortals or
the Kinfolk of the Fianna.

The Fianna continued to tend and use Brugh Na Boinne.
The city was a center for the retelling of ancient legends. It
also was a staging ground for wars against invaders.

One of the greatest battles the Fianna faced was with the
Get of Fenris. The Get of Fenris and their Viking Kinfolk
invaded Ireland many times. Although the Get won many
battles, they never conquered all of Ireland. The Fianna
managed to repulse them every time, and Brugh Na Boinne
never fell into the hands of the Get.

However, many of the Fianna betrayed Ireland. Factions
of the tribe supported the United Kingdom's attempts to
take over the island. War broke out between the tribe's
brothers and sisters as Garou took sides in the human
conflict. This tragedy continues to the current day.

Humans weren't allowed near the Brugh, but as dark
rumors spread about the mounds at Brugh Na Boinne,
human hunters started to investigate the mounds, To
prevent these rumors, the Sept of the Tri-Spiral decided to
allow humans to visit the Newgrange center. Soon, in the
minds of the locals, Brugh Na Boinne was another harmless
relic of their ancestors.

The Fianna realized an unexpected benefit of this prac-
tice. The Umbra exerts a benign influence on humans
visiting Brugh Na Boinne, making them subconsciously
more aware of the beauty and fragility of Gaia. This influ-
ence helps ease the effects of the Delirium and helps them
resist the Wyrm.

In the 20th century, the Office of Public Works (OPW),
asection of the Government's Department of the Environ-
ment, set up the Monuments Division to manage sites like
the Brugh. The Fianna Galliards used their Gifts to make
certain the first director of the Monuments Division was
Kinfolk, and since then, many employees of the Monu-
ments Division have been either Kinfolk or homid Garou.
Thus, the sept indirectly supervisesall archaeological exca-
vations, surveys and investigations in the area, insuring
that their sacred sites remain unharmed.

The Sept

The Fianna organize their septs differently from those of
the other tribes. The Sept Leader, or Righ, is responsible for

Fianna: Ireland 49


the duties of the Master of the Chal-
lenge, and she leads the sept in war.
Also, Fianna septs have an extra
officer, the Keeper of the Song,
who is responsible for knowing
the Song of the Sept.

Every Fianna sept has a song. Part
of it is sung at every meeting so that the sept
members don't lose touch with their past. The entire
song is almost never performed, because for many septs it
would take weeks. The Keeper of the Song must know the
entire song, and he is responsible for singing the songs of
the members of his sept into the oral tradition

The Tri-Spiral Sept dedicates itselfto preserving Brugh
Na Boinne and defending Ireland from the Wyrm. The
sept is open to all members of the Fianna tribe, although
they dislike members of the Brotherhood of Hern camp.
Other Garou must sing with them and drink Bron's brew
(made with the Gift: Brew), before they are allowed to
use the caern. \

The Tri-Spiral Sept protects its members. The sept
takes any threats made against a member of the sept
or the caern seriously. The low population of the
area and the presence of nearby caerns reduces
numbers in the sept. Fianna come from across the

globe to defend Brugh Na Boinne, helping them yY
maintain an active membership of almost es oe
twenty.

50 Caerns: Places of Power

The Sept of the Tri-Spiral opensall of its Moon
Bridges in the central chamber at Newgrange.
They have friendly relations with most othersepts,
with the exceptions of Shadow Lords and Get of
Fenris.

Also, the Sept of the Tri-Spiral has good rela-
tions with the faeries of the Arcadia Gateway and
the wildlife living in Brugh Na Boinne.

\ Personalities

Bron Mac Fionn

Position: Sept Leader, Master of Challenge
(Righ)
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Galliard
Tribe: Fianna
Nature / Demeanor: Visionary / Judge
Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4
(4151616), Stamina 4 (6/7/2/2), Charisma 5,
Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appearance 3 (2/
fr Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
f Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl
5, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Expression 4, In-
timidation 3, Primal-Urge 4, Subterfuge 3,
Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1,


Melee 4, Leadership 5, Performance 5, Stealth 2, Survival 2,
Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Occult 2, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Mentor 5, Totem 4, Contacts 1

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Call of the Wyld, Persuasion,
Resist Toxin; (2) Brew, Distractions, Howl of the Banshee;
(3) Faerie Kin, Ley Lines, Song of Rage; (4) Balor's Gaze,
Faerie Blood; (5) Call the Hunt

Rank: 5

Rage 7, Gnosis 10, Willpower 9

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Moot Rite, Gathering for the De-
parted, Rite of Binding, Rite of the Opened Caer, Baptism
of Fire, Rite of Passage, Voice of the Jackal, The Hunt, Rite
of the Fetish, Rite of the Opened Bridge, The Badger's
Burrow, Rite of the Shrouded Glen

Fetishes: Fang Dagger, Gae Bolg (Level 4, Gnosis 7; this
massive ancient spear has a difficulty of 5 and does Strength
+5 damage because of to powerful spirit energies within it.
When the spear impales an opponent, the shaft splits in a
hundred different directions. When removed, the spear
joins itself together instantly.)

Image: Bron is a large black wolf with bright green eyes.
He wears his many battle scars proudly. The most notice-
able of them run across his left cheek. In Homid form, he is
a tall, burly man (about 6'1") with a red beard and mus-
tache. He appears to be in his late 40s. He is the type of man
who looks either extremely friendly or intimidating, de-
pending on whether he smiles or scowls.

Roleplaying Notes: You are the Righ of Brugh Na
Boinne. You are responsible for defending your sept, the
caern and all of Ireland. The High Righ of all the Fianna in
Tara is your mentor, and the position may one day be yours.
You listen to all advice and pretend to consider it, but only
your own inner counsel truly matters in the end, You would
sacrifice your life to defend the land. You believe that your
innersong holds the key to surviving the Apocalypse. Trust
only those strangers who share your brew.

Background: Through great effort, Bron climbed through
Garou society. Always defending Ireland, he has fought
Get of Fenris, crazed Red Talons, members of the Fianna
Brotherhood of Hern camp, and minions of the Wyrm.

Bron follows Danaashis totem, and she has never guided
him falsely. She gives him her special Gift of Entrancement
(roll Manipulation + Performance, difficulty 8). All other
members of the sept share this ability. He may also use his
background points of Totem as the Past Lives background.

The current High Righ of the Fianna was Bron's mentor
when he wasacub. As he has risen through the ranks of the
Fianna, Bron has risen as well. Bron took the name Mac
Fionn after becoming Righ. It means "son of Fionn", and
every Righ at Brugh Na Boinne takes the name.

Bron hasa vision of utopia which he keeps tohimself. He
wants a world where werewolves, faeries and humans live
together in harmony. He laments the loss of myth and
magic in the world.

Bron keeps his own counsel. Most of the Fianna mistak-
enly believe he makes decisions based on their arguments.
A few of the songs of Tears-of-Gaia have swayed his
decisions, but she is the only member of the sept with that
ability. Bron rarely calls the traditional Fianna Hunt, due to
the number of Kinfolk living near Brugh Na Boinne.

Son-of-Moonlight

Position: Warder

Breed: Lupus

Auspicet Theurge

Tribe: Fianna (Eire Fundamentalist)

Nature / Demeanor: Fanatic / Alpha

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/2/7/2), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Expression 1, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 2,
Animal Ken 5, Melee 2, Leadership 2, Performance 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 4, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 3,
Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Totem 2, Allies 3

Gifts: (1) Leap of the Kangaroo, Mother's Touch, Per-
suasion, Sense Wyrm; (2) Command Spirit, Glib Tongue,
Name the Spirit; (3) Exorcism, Ley Lines; (4) Beast Life,
Song of the Dire

Rank: 4

Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the
Opened Caern, Rite of Binding, Rite of Wounding, Rite of
Ostracism, The Hunt

Fetishes: None.

Image: Son-of-Moonlight has a crimson (almost blood
red) coat in Lupus form. In Homid form, he has dark hair
and green eyes. He is 28 years old and stands at 5'11". Son-
of-Moonlight has a feral appearance in all of his forms.

Roleplaying Notes: You want wolves to reclaim Ireland
for their own. Fornow, you conduct secret raids against the
people of Ireland with groups of others. The others do not
suspect you, blaming your savage attacks on Red Talons,
ronin or Black Spiral Dancers. You realize that the sept is
too weak to understand their heritage. Too many of them
are from homid stock. You will one day dominate them,
after Bron has left for Tara. The wildlife around Brugh Na
Boinne aids you in your righteous cause, including a wolf
pack that you have brought to the area. You save your
greatest hatred for Irish Wolfhounds, mercilessly slaughter-
ing any you find.

Background: Son-of-Moonlight was born in a 200 in
Leinster. The first and largest of his litter, Son-of- Moon-
light dominated his brothers and sisters. When he got
older, a zookeeper accidentally placed him in a pen with
one of the other male wolves. During fight for dominance,
Son-of-Moonlightexperienced the Change. He tore through
the bars of the pen and fled into the night.

Fianna: Ireland SI


‘The Fianna found Son-of Moonlight and brought him
to Brugh Na Boinne. After leaming about his true nature,
Son-of Moonlight devoted himselfto the sept and defend.
ing his fellow animals.

Son-of- Moonlight spent many of his early days with the
Fianna protecting the wildlife of Ireland from hunters and
polluters. The actions of humans appalled Son-of-Moon-
light. Also, as Son-of- Moonlight recalled his past lives, he
remembered Irish Wolfhounds and men hunting and eradi-
catingthe wolves flreland. Hissoulriedoutforvengeance.

Son-of-Moonlight serves as warder for the Tri-Spiral
Sept. He hates letting humans travel into the caem, no
matter what healing effects it may have on them. Son-of-
Moonlight secretly aids the Eire Fundamentalist camp of
the Fianna tribe. He constantly looks for potential recruits.
With time, Son-of- Moonlight grows bold. He knows that
Bron Mac Fionn will not be Righ forever. He has grown
careless abour hii‘anti-human sentiments:

Ailis

Position: Guardian #1

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Fianna

Nature / Demeanor: Survivor / Gallant

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3,
Streetwise 2, Drive 1, Melee 2, Performance 4, Stealth 3,

Survival 3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Medi-
cine 2, Occult 1, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Totem 3, Kinfolk 2

Gifts: (1) The Falling Touch, Persuasion, Razor Claws,
Resist Toxin; (2) Howl of the Banshee, Spirit of the Fray,
Staredown; (3) Combat Healing, Faerie Kin

Rank: 3
Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caern

Fetishes: Klaive

Image: Aiilis is an athletic woman with long red hair,
blue eyes and freckles. She is 26 years old and 5°6". In Lupus
form, she is a well-proportioned wolf with a red coat and
green eyes.

Roleplaying Notes: You are the leader of the Wild
Hunters pack. You enjoy flirting with male Garou, al-
though you do it subtly enough to avoid any threat to the
Litany. Otherwise, you like to portray a challenging dan-
gerous guardian, an image closerto your trueself. Ultimately,
you are the most important thing in your life.

Background: Ailis grew up as part of a Catholic family
in Belfast. Unlike many Garou, she was fairly popular in
school, and many of her friends were Protestants. When

violence between Protestants and Catholics escalated, het
family moved to County Meath, Ireland, where she under-
went the Change.

Her mother Mavin was Kinfolk, and she helped her
daughter find her way to Brugh Na Boinne. At Brugh Na
Boinne, Ailis gave up her human name of Kyrie ONeill.
She adapted well to life as a Garou.

Ailis joined the Wild Hunters pack, and after a disas-
trous journey to the Scar (see Umbra: The Velvet Shadow)
cost her pack leader his life, she took control. The Wild
Hunters scour the Umbrascape and goon many missions to
the Fianna Homeland and the Arcadia Gateway for the
sept. The Wild Hunters have the Stag as their pack totem.
Ailis feels closer to the Stag than to Dana.

Ailis retains close ties to her mother and her twin
brother, Blane, who now works for the Office of Public
Works. Blane and Mavin O'Neill both know Ailis's secret.
Her father does not, and he has disowned her. Although
Ailis is close to her family, she retains a strong sense of
independence. She loves her family, but no one tells her
what to do.

Ailis does not understand why her twin, Blane, is not a
Garou. He behaves like a homid Garou, but he has never
undergone the Change. She and the Wild Hunters have
considered trying to draw the beast out in him,

Ailis and the Wild Hunters enjoy travelling into cities
when they get the chance. Alll of the members of the pack
are musicians, and they like to play "rock group" and
perform in nightclubs.

Cormac Mac Eire

Position: Guardian #2

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Fianna

Nature / Demeanor: Penitent / Director

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Expression 3, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 4,
Animal Ken 2, Melee 2, Leadership 4, Performance 3,
Stealth 2, Survival 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Linguis-
tics 1, Medicine 2, Occult 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Totem 5

Gifts: (1) Create Element, Inspiration, Razor Claws,
Resist Toxin; (2) Curse of Hatred, Spirit of the Fray, True
Fear; (3) Eyes of the Cat, Mental Speech, Woadling; (4)
Balor's Gaze

Rank: 4
Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7
Metis Disfigurement: Albino

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened Caern.

Fetishes: Klaive, Rager

52 Caerns: Places of Power


Image: Cormac Mac Eire isan unusually large white wolf
with pink eyes. Strangely (for an Ahroun), he has no battle
scars. In Homid form, he remains an albino, with white hair
and pink eyes. He is wiry and stands at 6'4", making him the
tallest member of the Sept of the Tri-Spiral. His hair and
clothing are always unkempt. He is uncomfortable in any
form except Crinos. Cormac is around 36 years old, but he
often seems older.

Roleplaying Notes: You act determined and command-
ing. You stand by your word and live by the twin icons of
honor and glory. However, deep down, you resent your
metis breed. You find yourself inferior and spend long
periods of time in introspection. Only by doing the best
possible job for the sept as a guardian can you forget your
failings.

Background: Cormac's parentage remains unknown.
The Fianna named him "Son-of-Ireland". He grew up at
Brugh Na Boinne, and the Fianna disregard for the metis
was drilled into him at an early age. He knows the area
around the caern intimately, and if not for his breed, he
would be the Warder of the sept. Bron has some respect for
the metis.

Although just a guardian, Cormac has reached heights
in Fianna society that most metis would not dare to con-
template. Cormac throws himself passionately into his
duties. This narrow-mindedness is both his greateststrength
and weakness, allowing him to achieve many things, but
blinding him to the needs of others.

Several times, Cormac survived battles when his pack
died around him. Cormac saves a special hatred for the

Fianna: Ireland

Black Spiral Dancers. One of his former pac a
Galliard known as Autumn's Daughter, betrayed his pack
to Black Spirals. Now, she is Oonnal'los'kry of the Decayed
Toadstool pack. She knows his true nature and taunts him
with this knowledge in combat. She defeated him in single
combat during their only encounter since her betrayal
spared his life, claiming he would one day join them. She is
also Rank Four.

kmati

he

Cormac doesn't drink or revel with the members of his
sept, preferring to stay to his duties. His songs are about pain
and suffering. The sept enjoys his songs because they feel he
gives voice to the emotional suffering of the Irish people
and the land. Most sept membersdon't realize that Cormac's
songs reflect his inner self

He loves legends of the heroes of Ancient Ireland and
has a powerful attachment to his past lives through Dana.
Cormac digs through the mounds when no one watches in
search of fetishes and knowledge of the past.

Cormac stays in the passage grave of Knowth during the
day in order to avoid the sunlight, which burns him badly.
He cares about Tears-of-the-Land, who shows him kind-

ness, and he will sacrifice himself to protect her.

Cears-of-the-Land

Position: Master of the Rite, Keeper of the Song
Breed
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe:

Homid

ianna


Nature / Demeanor: Maker / Martyr

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 5 (4/0/5/5), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 3, Instruction 3, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 3,
Subterfuge 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Leadership 2,
Performance 5, Stealth 1, Survival 3, Enigmas 4, Investiga-
tion 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 3, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Totem 4, Familiar Spirit 4

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Resist Toxin, Scent of True Form,
Truth of Gaia; (2) Call to Duty, Strength of Purpose; (3)
Faerie Kin, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways; (4) Faerie Blood

Rank: 4

Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Ritual of
the Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of
the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Gathering for the Departed,
Rite of Binding, Rite of Wounding, Baptism of Fire, Rite of
Spirit Awakening, Ritual of Summoning, Rite of Passage,
Rite of Ostracism, Voice of the Jackal, The Hunt, Rite of
the Fetish, Rite of the Totem, Rite of the Winter Wolf, Rite
of the Opened Bridge, Rite of the Shrouded Glen

Fetishes: Harmony Flute, Klaive

Image: Tears-of-the-Land is 33 years old with short red
hair and green eyes. She is around 5' 5", Males find Tears-
of-the-Land irresistible in all of her forms. Asa wolf, she has
a glossy red coat and bushy tail.

Roleplaying Notes: You love Ireland more than any-
thing else. You love its culture, its history and the land
itself. You also love songs and stories of all types. You
portray a sad mournful artist willing to sacrifice her soul to
save Gaia. Faeries are some of your best friends, and you
long to perform at the court of Arcadia.

Background: Tears-of-the-Land was raised in County
Meath at a farm along the banks of the Boyne river. Her
family raised oats and kept milk cows. Tears-of-the-Land
can't remember a time when the beauty of the land didn't
fill her heart with music.

When she was still a small child, a small beautiful faerie
visited her and sung her stories about Ireland, the faeries
and the Fianna. When the Change came, Tears-of-the-
Land embraced it, and she cherished every bit of her Garou
nature. The Fianna who came to kidnap her were surprised
at her reaction of excitement instead of fear.

The Garou took her to Brugh Na Boinne. Tears-of-the-
Land completely gave up her human life to live the life of
the Garou. She travelled across Ireland, hoping to see all of
the beauty of the island.

Tears-of-the-Land discovered the sickly taint of the
Wyrm and the artificial starkness of the Weaver destroying
the Emerald Isle. Returning to Brugh Na Boinne, she
communed with nature spirits and faeries to learn a way to
tur back the tide of the Apocalypse.

Tears-of-the-Land continues on her odyssey for knowl-
edge, while applying what she knows to help the Tri-Spiral
Sept. The Fianna recognize her as a Philodox of amazing
wisdom, who certainly will someday join the Council of
Song. Tears-of-the-Land weaves the songs ofall the mem-
bers of the sept into the Song of Brugh Na Boinne, placing
them in context with the past. She performs the Song of
Brugh Na Boinne before every meeting of the sept.

In hopes of reaching the humans, Tears-of-the-Land
uses the name Emerald when writing songs for many popu-
lar musicians. Every few months, she considers recording
her own album, but she fears it would lead to breaking the
Veil.

Mary O'Reilly, "Deirdre"

Position: Keeper of the Land

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Fianna

Nature / Demeanor: Reluctant Garou / Traditionalist

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1,
Empathy 3, Expression 2, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 4,
Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Leadership 2,
Performance 3, Stealth 2, Computer 2, Enigmas I, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 3, Linguistics 2, Occult 1, Politics 3, Rituals 2,
Science 1

Backgrounds: Resources 4

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Mindspeak, Persuasion, Resist
Toxin; (2) Dreamspeak, Glib Tongue, Jam Technology;
(3) Faerie Kin, Song of the Siren

Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Contrition,
Ritual of Cleansing, Rite of Binding, Gathering for the
Departed, Rite of the Opened Caern

Fetishes: None.

Image: Mary O'Reilly's Lupus form has a night black
coat and pale green eyes. In Homid form, she has shoulder
length brown hair and blue eyes. Mary is 33 years old. She
isa tall woman, nearly 5' 9", Mary has dedicated clothing
to her, and she is never caught in anything revealing while
in Homid form.

Roleplaying Notes: You always follow traditions. That
was the way you were raised. Don't question authority and
don't rock the boat. Perhaps that's your problem with being
a werewolf, Everything werewolves do goes against some
kind of authority. Nonetheless, you are a Fianna, so you
follow their rules. You like to remain in Homid form and
settle things by talking.

Background: Mary O'Reilly underwent the Change late
in life. She was well on her way to becoming a lawyer when
it happened. Mary has never forgiven herself for being a

54 Caerns: Places of Power

Garou. Instead of becominga rich international lawyer, she
is now a bureaucrat in the Office of Public Works, Monu-
ments Division.

Mary does all of the administrative things necessary to
take care of the area around Brugh Na Boinne. She keeps
people out of the mounds at Knowth and Dowth. She
makes certain that the visitors' center and museum keeps
running. She takes care of covering up any Veil problems as
well.

Despite her reluctance to acceptherheritage, sometimes
Mary enjoys the revels and the sense of family in the Sept
of the Tri-Spiral. Deep within her subconscious, she needs
the Fianna to fill the emptiness in her life. However, she
will never admit that she has such a need.

She is more likely to respond to her human name than
her Garou one.

Wind-Across-the-Hills

Position: Gatekeeper

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Fianna

Nature / Demeanor: Gallant / Jester

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 4 (6/7/2/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 2, Drive 1, Performance 3, Stealth 4, Survival 2,
Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Linguistics 1, Occult 3, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Totem 2, Contacts 2

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Heightened Senses,
Persuasion, Scent of Running Water; (2) Blissful Igno-
rance, Howl of the Banshee, Sense the Unnatural

Rank: 2

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caern, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of the Opened
Bridge

Fetishes: Phoebe's Veil

Image: Wind-Across-the-Hills isa lanky chap with long
dirty blond hair that constantly falls in front of his face. He
is about 5'9", but seems taller. In Lupus form, he is a black
and red furred wolf with the usual Fianna green eyes. Wind-
Across-the-Hills has a constant smile forming on his face.
He is 23.

Roleplaying Notes: You are confident, witty, good-
looking and fast. Everything you do is fast. Youllike beautiful
women, and you love good drink. You exist to enjoy life to
the fullest, and you try to help everyone else do the same.

Background: Wind-Across-the-Hills lives a life blessed
by the luck of the Irish. Extreme convenience follows him
everywhere. He didn't undergo the Change until after he
was well past puberty. He was kidnapped by Garou as a

Fianna: Ireland

teenager while leaving a bank, mere moments before Prot-
estants bombed it. During his Rite of Passage, his pack
invaded a Black Spiral Hive and discovered that all the
Black Spiral Dancers had recently killed each other.

Wind-Across-the-Hills is the youngest Garou ever to
receive the Pathstone of Brugh Na Boinne. He has trav-
elled far through the Umbra from the Wyld Reaches of the
Aetherial Realm to beautiful Pangaea. Wind-Across-the-
Hills has proven his ability to extract himself from scrapes,
and he makes his stories sound absolutely thrilling. Bron
Mac Fionn likes the potential of the young Garou.

Wind-Across-the-Hills is the fastest member of the sept.
He loves to run in all of his forms. When he meets most
Garou, he challenges them to a quick race. If they take
losing well, he likes them. If they beathim, he gains instant
admiration for them. Wind-Across-the-Hills also loves to
flirt. He nearly got hurt badly when a Black Fury took his
playfulness the wrong way.

Wind-Across-the-Hills has many human and wolf ac-
quaintances in the Leinster area. He loves the night life of
Irish cities. Wind-Across-the-Hills also loves to travel. He
has reined that passion in since he was granted this new
responsibility. He is very close to Tears-of-the-Land, and
he would like to get closer to this attractive older woman.

Story Jdeas

1, Garou may come to the Tri-Spiral Sept in order to
perform powerful rites or create/potentifétishes When the
Umbra and physical worldmerge at Newgrange. Also,
creatures of the Wyrm could' try to di
Perhaps a Leech with weather control
block the sun during the wintersolstice
eve of Samhain. The results could

2. Son-of-Moonllight and his fello'
ists try to recruit player characterssfol
players must dda whet N@MERMeliaar report Soh-of-
Moonlight's activities to the Tri-Spiral Sept. Also) the Eire
Fundamentalists could break the Veil during one of their
attacks. Players could be asked to retrieve a videotape of an
attack in the hands of an international journalist.

3. The Garou learn of an impending attack by the
Brotherhood oflHern camp of the Fianna against Brugh Na
Boinne, They go to warn the Tri-Spiral Sept and help fight
off the attackers. Altetnatively, a group of Technomancers
from Mage: The Ascension could investigate the caern
and attempt to strip it of its energy.

4. The player.charactersjaccidentally disrupt a faerie
circle or finda fetishibelonging to faeries. The faeries curse
the player characters, causing all/sorts of annoying misfor-
tune to befall them. The players seek out the Tri-Spiral
Septto intercede with the faeries for them so that they may
free themselves of the curse,


Caerns: Places of Power

Bi TY

Sept of the Blood Fist

Caern: Schwarzwald — The Black Forest
Level: 3
Gauntlet: 3

Type: Strength
Tribal Structure: Get of Fenris. Closed toall others, but
visitors are tolerated.
Totems: The Wild Boar

Geography

The Schwarzwald rests in the Gutachal valley, sur-
rounded on one side by the Rhein Rit \d on the other
side by a branch of the distant Swiss Alps. The Black Forest
isserene and tranquil in the areas where humans have made
their homes. It lives up to its namesake in the primeval
parts of the forest where the Get of Fenris dwell. The entire
area of the Black Forest covers over a hundred square miles.

Bawn

The majority of the Black Forestis open to visitation, but
in the very heart of this forest, there is an area so full of trees
that it is almost inaccessible by any form of vehicle. There
are no roads and only a few foot paths. This is the bawn of
the Caern of the Blood Fist.

by James A. Moore

Get of Fenris: Germany

The Center

The center of the caern is an almost empty glade. A large
stone that has been weathered by centuries of storms is in

the middle of the glade. Runes cover the stone. Itmarks the

final resting place for many of the Get's greatest heroes of
old. The inscriptions in this stone are alleged to have been

carved by great Fenris himself

Landmarks

There are several small towns in the area surrounding
the sept that would be of mild interest to the visiting Garou
Wolfach, Gutach and Triberg are the closest

Wolfach is known primarily as the home of the last
glassblowing factory preserving centuries-old traditional
methods in modern Europe. Gutach is known for the
deliberate preservation of ancient buildings: thatched roof
huts are predominant her

and many of the Get have
Kinfolk living in the area, deliberately remembering the
days when the Impergium was strictly enforced. Triberg has
become too popular with tourists to satisfy the Get in the
region, but the waterfalls that flow from the Gutach River
—a tributary of the Rhein —are the tall
have remained untouched by man. The area is sacred tothe
Get simply for its stark purity, and many a tourist has found
outthe hard way that littering isstrictly forbidden. In truth,

all of the towns are really little more than villages that have

tin th and

are:

57


stood the test of time. Over the decades, they have been
adapting to accommodate tourists.

The primary industries in the area include glassblowing,
preparing hams and building cuckoo clocks. Most of these
simple duties are handled by the local citizens. Usually
these are Kinfolk of the Get.

The nearest of the small mountains contains aplace held
acted by the Get, a burial ground for the more recent
heroes of the sept. The only indication that this area is
special is that it is kept meticulously cleared of all debris.
This site is slowly developing into a minor place of power,
and Garou who come here to meditate or contemplate
often leave with a clearer sense of purpose than when they
arrived.

Umbrascape

In the Umbra, the power of the Schwarzwald and the
meaning of the name— the Black Forest—can be truly felt.
‘The area appears much as it does in the material world, but
is darker and slightly more threatening. Here the forest is
always as dark as night, and the voices of great heroes long
gone can still be heard, calling challenges to the invading
forces that have struck this area in the distant past

History

The Skalds (Moon Dancers) of the sept tell a story of
how Fenris placed a great caern in the Black Forest. It was
established on the very spot where the sept's original
founders fought off the invading forces of the Holy Roman
Empire in the years between 9 B.C. and 9 A.D. While the
Romans managed to conquer most of the Black Forest, they
never managed to gain a serious foothold in the area where
the Sept of the Blood Fists now stands. The more boastful
of the Get claim that many Black Furies were taught their
proper place in the 19 year attempt to conquer the area. No
one really believes by these boasts are accurate. The Black
Furies never fought alongside the Roman conquerors.

Itis known with certainty that the area of the caern has
existed since at least A.D. 300, around the same time that
the Roman Empire was driven away from the area that is
today Germany. The great stone at the center of the caern
lists seven names: Torragash the Slayer, Walkarn the
Sword-Breaker, Baldur Bright-Fang, Lorkush Thunderhowl,
Boshtagg Mountain Breaker, Londis Fenris-Pup and one
name that appears to have been deliberately scratched
away some centuries ago. No one at the caern will discuss
the missing name, and anyone asking too many questions
will be invited to leave. The lucky ones leave alive.

The Sept

Members of the Sept of the Blood Fist take great pride in
living up to their name. The entire sept is made up of Get
of Fenris, and like many of the Get, they consider the
selves warriors above all else, Tradition is strong in the

caern, and all who would enter the area are challenged to
a physical confrontation. Normally, the confrontation
comes to nothing more than a good-natured wrestling
match, but there ate always exceptions, especially for
anyone who comes to the Black Forest with a chip on his

shoulder.

The primary threat that faces the sept in recent years is
a continuous influx of Sabbat Kindred. The Sabbat have
recently come to a decision— at least temporarily— to
keep a great deal of distance between their meeting places
and the caern located in the southern section of the Black
Forest. While the distance has been of some help, many of
the younger warriors have taken up the sport of "Leech
Hunting." At the present time, the number of Sabbat who
flaunt their presence is rapidly dwindling. One full scale
assault on the caern was attempted by a s
Sabbat some five years ago; none of the attacking vampires
have been heard from since:

able group of

The Get thatrule in the Sept of the Blood Fists take great
pride in the lack of industry in the area, pointing out to all
who visit that there are fewplaces left thatareso uncorrupted
by the Wyrm. The more prudent visitors tend to ignore the
roads that have been cut into many of the giant trees in the
area

58 Caerns: Places of Power


ovary:

Personalities

Lars Johannssen, "Jarl Torgus
Firemane"

Position: Sept Leader

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun (Modi)

Nature / Demeanor: Alpha /Confidant

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3,
Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Melee 4, Leadership 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 4, Enigmas 1, Law 4, Linguistics 2, Politics 3,
Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Pack Totem 4 (Boar)

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Persuasion, Razor Claws, Resist
Pain, Smell of Man; (2) Staredown, Snarl of the Predator,
Spirit of the Fray; (3) Disquiet, Heart of Fury, Silver Claws;
(4) Might of Thor

Rage 8, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Talisman Dedication,
Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Rite of Wounding

Get of Fenris: Germany

Germany -
Get of Fenris

Fetishes: Fang Dagger, Monkey Puzzle, The Paw Of
Fenris (Level 6, Gnosis 8; This is not actually great Fenris'
paw. It isa gauntlet worn by the various Jarls of the Blood
Fist Sept over the years. This powerful fetish allows the
bearer to strike in combat with a -3 to all difficulties in
hand-to-hand combat and an additional three dice of
damage. It also ensures that the Jarl cannot succumb to
frenzy, as with the Gift: Stoking Fury's Furnace.)

Image: Torgus Firemane is of average height and is
brutally wide. He has a chest span of four-and-a-half feet,
and the rest of his body equally heavyset. Torgus' size a
often reminds people ofa tree. Inall of his Garou form:
hair is dark red with light blond highlights. Torgus has just
tured 42.

Roleplaying Notes: Above ll else, you respect bravery;
honesty is a close second. You greet all Garou as family
unless they show signs of weakness. Your face is open and
friendly, but quick to grow red with rage if you are insulted.

Background: Torgus Firemane has only recently be-
come the Jarl of the Blood Fist Sept. Late last year, he was
forced to challenge the previous Jarl, Raven Corpse-Killer,
toa battle for the leadership of the sept. Raven was accused
ofconsorting with the Wyrm, and his defeat was both brutal
and final.

In truth, it was Raven who had started dealing with the
Sabbat, trying desperately to find a way to slow the hideous
creeping problem of growing old. The pain that Torgus felt
at being forced to kill his own teacher was lessened by the

59

knowledge that he had saved the old lupus from being fully
corrupted by the Wyrm

Over the last year, the trials of being Jarl have increased,
and Torgus often wonders if he is up to the challenge. He
keeps his doubts to himselfand will accept any challenge to
his right to lead the sept— provided the challenger has just
cause for the challenge.

Scar Throat Leech-Killer

Position: Warder

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Galliard (Skald)

Nature / Demeanor: Bravo / Fanatic

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/2/7/2), Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Expression 5, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 5,
Animal Ken 4, Melee 2, Leadership 3, Stealth 5, Survival 4,
Enigmas 3, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Politics 1, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Alllies 3, Pack Totem 1, Past Life 4

Gifts: (1) Call of the Wyld, Heightened Senses, Leap of
100, Razor Claws, Sense the Unnatural; (2) Call
of the Wyrm, Distractions; (3) Catfeet, Detect Spirits

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Ritual of
the Questing Stone

Fetishes: Phoebe's Veil, Baneskin

Image: Scar Throat Leech-Killer is lean and gray, with
a large bald patch at his throat from where he survived his
first encounter with the Sabbat. He bears markings on his
fur like those of a tiger and will almost never be seen in
Homid form. When he is forced to become Homid, his hair
is light blond and his face has sharp features.

Roleplaying Notes: You take your duty as Warder very
seriously, and will challenge virtually anyone that comes
within the bawn of the caern. In issues involving the
humans, your opinions are very similar to the Red Talons,
and even Homid breed Garou are inferior to you.

Background: Scar Throat earned his name before he
had even gone through his Rite of Passage. His first change
came about as a result of an attack by a Gangrel Antitribu
in the woods. The Sabbat vampire never knew what hit
him; one second he was sinking his fangs into the throat of
his prey, and the next moment he was losing his head.
Fortunately, Scar Throat's father, Raven Corpse-Killer,
was nearby when the Change occurred. No permanent
lunacy evolved from the attack, save perhaps for a strong
hatred of Leeches.

Throat will go out of his way to attack any vampire
that he captures and has even been known to use his Gift:
Call of the Wyrm to draw vampires into ambushes. While
Scar Throat understands the reasons why Torgus Firemane
killed his father, he has not yet fully come to terms with his
father's death

Caerns: Places of Power


Guardians

Icis the duty ofevery sept member to guard the caern, but
some of the more militant Get have made the duty a full-
time obligation. At any given time, the Guardians can be
found roaming the perimeter of the bawn, carefully setting
branches to rustle loudly if any creature should dare to
enter. The leader of each patrol on duty carries a Spirit
Whistle and a Sanctuary Chime.

The three Garou who have made a permanent task of
guarding the bawn are all metisand have jointly agreed that
the best way to prove their worth is to perform their duties
more militantly than anyone else. No one is certain where
these three came from. They were quite literally dropped
at the edge of the bawn during a fierce winter storm and
abandoned by a parent or pack too ashamed to face up to the
humiliation of their sins, The three of them were found by
the sept, half frozen. Raven Corpse Killer was so impressed
by their survival, and their decision to try tackling him for
food, that he allowed them into the sept. It is unknown
whether or not they are truly Get of Fenris, but they
certainly act the part

The three metis have gained the names Freke, Gere and
Hugin. Two of them are named for Odin's wolves. The
third is named for one of Odin's ravens.

Freke, Gere & Hugin

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Nature / Demeanor: Survivor / Conformist

Attributes: Strength 3 (Hugin 5), Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
(Hugin 5), Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1,
Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3 (Hugin 5),
Dodge 5 (Hugin 2), Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2,
Primal-Urge 2, Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1, Melee 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 4, Enigmas 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Mentor 3

Gifts: (1) Inspiration (Hugin only), Razor Claws, Sense
Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2) Burrow, Command Spirit (Freke
only), Curse of Hatred (Gere only), Name the Spirit

Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5

Rank:

Rite

Fetishes: Fang Dagger

Image: Freke is completely bald and bears symbols tat-
tooed on his body, one for every victory he has had over an
enemy. In addition, he is truly and repulsively obese.

Gere is hunchbacked and has one clubbed foot. His fur
is almost white. He often has the effect of terrifying the
vampires he runs across. Gere is huge in all is forms, He is
seven feet tall in Homid form. In Crinos form, he is almost
ten-and-a-half feet tall

ite of Contrition

Hugin looks enough like a Black Spiral Dancer that most
who meet him would assume the worst if not warned in

d, much like
ind his fangs

advance. His ears stand largely above his he:
those of a bat, His fur is a dark, glossy black,
thrust from his mouth in every possible direction. As with

many metis, his musk leaves those around him on edge, and
those that do not know him well could easily decide to
attack. Hugin allows one swipe before getting to the busi-
ness of breaking a few bones in anyone foolish enough to
attack without provocation.

Roleplaying Notes: You show deference to everyone,
provided that they do not insult your appearance or your
abilities. Above all else, you know that the Get took you in,
and you will do your very best to live up to the standards of
the tribe. You will attack if provoked and stop only after the
fool who provoked you is a bloody pulp on the ground.

Sky Eyes Dances-With-Luna

Position: Master of the Rite

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox (Forseti)

Nature / Demeanor: Martyr / Traditionalist

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 1
Empathy 4, Expression 5, Intimidation 5, Prima
Animal Ken 4, Leadership 2, Survival 2, Enigmas 5, Law 4,
Linguistics 1, Politics 1, Occult 3, Rituals 5

Get of Fenris: Germany 61


Backgrounds: Past Life 5, Pure Breed 3, Pack Totem 3
(Fenris)

2 (1) Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Resist Pain,
al, Truth of Gaia; (2) Strength of Pur-
pose; (3) Ca + Spirits, Wisdom of the Ancient
Ways; (4) B ent of Beyond; (5) Geas, Horde of
Valhalla, Song of the Great Beast

Rage 4, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Ritual of
the Questing Stone, Stone of Scorn, Voice of the Jackal,
Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Totem, Rite of the Winter
Wolf, Rite of the Opened Bridge, Rite of the Shrouded
Glen, The Rending of the Veil, Rite of Caern Building,
Gaia's Vengeful Teeth

Fetishes: Harmony Flute, Sanctuary Chimes

Image: Sky Eyes Dances-With-Luna is a venerable old
Garou. Once-blond hair has gone almost entirely gray, and
claws once capable of rending iron have started to weaken.
Still, he maintains the skills needed to be a Master of the
Rite, and holds the endurance to perform rituals almost
constantly. Torgus Firemane turns to Sky Eyes whenever
he has doubts as to what he should do. True to his position,
Sky Eyes gives his advice freely. Over the last few years, he
has felt a decrease in both his strength and agility; he fears
that erosion of his mind is not far behind.

Roleplaying Notes: You are solemn and carry yourself
with a stiff dignity. Your joints hurt more these days, and

you are weary of this life, but Gaia is obviously not done
with you. Torgus Firemane once offered you the right to

lead the sept, but you are more content to celebrate the
ways of the Garou through rituals and moots.

Background: Sky Eyes Dances-With-Lu
name asa result of the incredible passion and energy he has
always displayed when performing rites for the sept. More
than anyone else in the caern, Sky Eyes holds to the old
ways. While he is not the Jarl of the Bloody Fist S
the main figure of authority and wisdom that Firemane
turns to in times of crisis.

Else Waldenkrieg, "Wyrm-Guard"

Position: The Gate

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard (Skald)

Nature / Demeanor: Director / Bravo

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 5, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 2,
Animal Ken 4, Melee 2, Leadership 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2,
Enigmas 4, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Politics 1, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Pack Totem 3, Past Life 2, Kinfolk 4
Gifts: (1) Mindspeak, Razor Claws, Resist Pain, Smell of
Man, Staredown; (2) Dreamspeak, Halt the Coward's Flight;

received his

t, he is

per

62 Caerns: Places of Power

(3) Disquiet, Reshape Object, Song of Rage; (4) Hero's
Stand

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 5

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Ritual of
the Questing Stone, Stone of Scorn, Voice of the Jackal,
Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Totem, Rite of the Winter
Wolf, Rite of the Opened Bridge, Rite of the Shrouded
Glen, The Rending of the Veil
Silver Sword, Monkey Pu

Image: Wyrm-C
40's and has the athletic build of a long distance runner.
She bears several small scars on her arms and one large scar
that runs from her shoulder to her ear. Her hair is a pale
blond, and her eyes are green. While she isa serious warrior,
her face normally carries an easygoing smile.

Fetishe: , Baneskin

ard is a very attractive woman in her

Roleplaying Note
without permission. The Moon Bridge of the sept is your
responsibility, one that is never taken lightly. You lead the
seven Garou handpicked by you with near military order,
never permitting a pup with an attitude to get the best of

Absolutely no one will get past you

you,

juard is the only female Get treated
ept. At the age of 14, she was sent
with several others on her Rite of Passage, and she returned

Background: Wyrm:
with true respect in the

alone, injured but alive. No one since who has questioned
her abilities to fight has stood long against her rage. Wyrm-

Get of Fenris: Germany

Guard is a fearsome taskmaster, never allowing slack to
anyone that has been assigned to assist her in the guarding
of the Moon Bridge. She never tolerates insolence.

The closest
in Berlin's Grunewald Forest and is also the strict property
of the Get of Fenris. The Get there make Else nervous, for
they associate with at least one Leech. That Li
come and met Else, and admittedly, it is that Leech who has
allowed the Get to live in Berlin without fear of being
hunted down by the other Wyrmlings in the area. She is
still wary of him, however.

Gaia's Favored Child

Position: Keeper of the Land

rn on good terms with the sept is located

ech haseven

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox (Forseti)

Nature / Demeanor: Martyr / Lone Wolf

Attributes: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 1 (1/2/3/3),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 1, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appe 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 5, Expression 2, Intimidation 1, Primal Urge 5,
Animal Ken 5,

rvival 1, Enigmas 5, Rituals 2
Pure Breed 4
d

Backgrounds:

Gifts: (1) Heighte es, Resist Pain, S


Sight, Strength of Purpose; (3) Wisdom of the Ancient
Ways

Rage 1, Gnosis 10, Willpower 6
Rank: 3
Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition

Fetishes: Clawed Cane (Gnosis 6; The Clawed Cane
was designed for two purposes: it allows Gaia's Favored
Child to walk without too much impairment — she can go
at half the pace of the average Garou — and allows her to
attack an enemy. Although the Keeper of the Land is not
strong, when she activates the Clawed Cane in combat, she
can do an extra four levels of damage by striking with the
Cane's clawed foot. The Clawed Cane is carved entirely
from marble and is effectively shatterproof.)

Image: Gaia's Favored Child is feeble, warped and disfig-
ured enough toappearas if she was born metis. Herarmsare
spindly, lacking in muscle and seeming to have extra joints
that should not exist. Her legs are stumps that can barely
support her body. Her face appears to be covered with a
thick fleshy caul, covering much of her eyes, and even a
portion of her mouth. She has no visible ears.

Roleplaying Notes: You no longer speak, and every step
is insufferable agony. Still, you have your duty to maintain,
and you are not merely Garou, but Get of Fenris. There is
no surrender, not even to the voice in your soul that cries
out for the solace of death.

Background: Five years ago, the Leeches attacked in
force. They had planned well, for most of the sept was in the
Grunewald, assisting against an attack by the Kindred of
what was then West Berlin, The sept returned and found
several of their elders dead. They also found Gaia's Fiercest
Pup. She had been broken and reshaped by the hideous
powers of the Sabbat Leeches. Around her lay the remains
of some dozen v

ampires.

Her once perfect face was destroyed; her once powerful
arms had been altered, leaving much of her fur and muscle
balled into useless knots of agony against her shoulders.
Gaia's Fiercest Pup became Gaia's Favored Child when she
refused the offer of bloody mercy that was made to her.
Gaia's Favored Child preferred to either die of her wounds
or die in combat. There would be no mercy.

Realizing her uselessness as a warrior, Gaia's Favorite
Child became the Keeper of the Land, a title that had never
been used before at the Sept of the Bloody Fist. Despite her
endless agony, she maintains the duties fanatically, even
going so ar as to walk to the closest mountain and maintain

the clearing of the fallen heroes' gravesite.

No mercy is shown to any who would insult the Keeper
of the Land. Not ever. No exceptions.

Stigghalf Bone-Breaker

Position: Master of the Challenge
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash (Rotagar)
Nature / Demeanor: Judge / Bravo

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 4, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 0, Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 5, Primal Urge 3,
Animal Ken 1, Melee 5, Leadership 1, Stealth 3, Survival 2,
Enigmas 1, Law 4, Linguistics 1, Politics 1, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Pack Totem 2, Past Life 3

Gifts: (1) Open Seal, Persuasion, Razor Claws, Resist
Pain; (2) Blissful Ignorance, Sense of the Prey; (3) Open
Moon Bridge, Reshape Object, Spirit Ward; (4) Hero's
Stand, Luna's Blessing

Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

Ran

Flaw: Monstrous

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Opened Caern

Fetishes: Fang Dagger

Image: Stigghalfis a brute in every sense of the word. His
face is a mass of scars from his many challenges, and his
barrel chest displays numerous scars from the attacks he has
survived. Most of all, his often broken teeth grin for all to
see when the time comes for challenge. He is perhaps the
ugliest non-metis ever to be born, and he wears every scar
on his pug-ugly face with great pride.

Roleplaying Notes: You are always in a good mood,
especially when you are tossing a Garou pup around the

64 Caerns: Places of Power

caern and teaching all non-Fenris what it means to be a
fighter. No Garou is forbidden to enter the sept— as long
as they can get past you or through you. Of course, you
prefer for them to try to get through you. It's more fun that
way.

Background: Stigghalf Bone-Breaker earned his name
by shattering the spine of a Black Spiral Dancer that
attempted tosneak past him. Stigghalf was still in his teens
at the time. His willingness to fight at the drop of a hat
finally convinced Raven Corpse-Killer to give him the job
of Master of the Challenge just to keep him out of trouble.

While Stigghalf's formal duty is judging any challenges,
he is known to participate in as many of them as he can
reasonably manage without causing offense to the sept.
When bored, Stigghalf enjoys a good rowdy fist fight with
others of the sept whoareacting frustrated or tired. Stigghalf
holds strong to the idea that too much relaxation is a bad
thing.

Story Jdeas

The Sabbat have recently made new allies in the Black
Forest: the Black Spiral Dancers. The Dancers have re-
cently started moving into the area from the industrial
areas of what was once East Germany, searching for power-
ful Wyrm tools left behind by the Roman conquerors of old.
Among these items is a sword rumored to be capable of
cutting through granite and a powerful fetish, a rotted
acorn seed that can turn the most powerful caern into a
Blight.

Recently, Banes have been seen to the north of the sept,
and the Get of Fenris are baffled by this sudden appearance.
There is no indication of anything in the area that should
be drawing the Banes in such numbers.

In truth, the Black Spiral Dancers have recently located
the sword and fetish that they were looking for, but they
have not yet been able to master the powers of the
Wyrmblade and the Blightseed. It is only a matter of time.

Recent digs by human archaeologists in the area have
unearthed great numbers of Roman coins, and the coins
have had a tendency to bring out the worst in people.

Greed, lust and a tendency towards violence are rapidly
becoming the norm in the small towns where these coins
have been found. Many of the Get believe that these coins
are possessed by Banes of corruption, and that any who bear
the coins will quickly fall victim to the Wyrm.

In the Umbra, a fearsome shrieking howl has recently
started blasting through the perpetual darkness. Many of
the Get rejoice with the secret belief that they are hearing
the howls of great Fenris. Many others secretly fear that the
howls come fromanother, darker source. A third group, the
ones that keep their opinions to themselves, believe that
the howls are indeed the howls of great Fenris, but that he
is displeased with his Get. The howls are only heard when
a Garou is alone in the Umbra. None know what to make
of these sounds, but plans are in the making to investigate
the area thoroughly.

Several of the areas surrounding the sept have recently
been acquired by a company called Geistburg— "Ghost
Town." The Get have no idea of just what is planned by this
company, but the lands are still being purch:
erable expense.

While the faeries of the Black Forest have not been seen
in decades, rumors of recent sitings of gnomes have been
spreading. The Get are worried that this portends the
reopening of an old, abandoned faerie hill, or worse, a gate
to Arcadia. While the Get have traditionally gotten along
well with gnomes and dwarves, they are always wary around
the fey and their tricks.

Last among the Garou's problems, the Gangrel so re-
cently driven from the area have started returning. Many of
the vampires are old, powerful and dangerous. The Get
believe that these Gangrel could be allies against the
Sabbat and the Black Spiral Dancers, but none has been
able tostartan agreement on how toapproach them. There
is toomuch conflict within the sept forasolid agreementon
how to handle these vampires, and the Ger of Fenris have
never been known for their diplomacy.

With all the activity that has recently started in the
Black Forest, there is only one certainty: violence and
destruction are heading towards the Blood Fist Sept, and
the Get of Fenris are preparing for full scale war.

it consid-

Get of Fenris: Germany



Sept of the Council for
Universal Trade

Caern: Hong Kong

Level: 3

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Plenty

Tribal Structur lass Walkers (boli zousizhe) share
power with the Bone Gnawers (wantong), Stargazers (xing
kanmengou), Children of Gaia and Fianna.

Totem: The Smiling Happy Buddha

Geography

In the Gothic-Punk world of Werewolf, ecologically.
minded technology dominates the island of Hong Kong.
Only Western technology dares to defy the Balance, and
Western companies find themselves perpetually fighting in
court over charges of pollution and bad trade practices.

However, in the Gothic-Punk world, they are winning
their cases, aided by legal backing from Pentex, Inc.

A large portion of Hong Kong's forested western half has
been set up as a 200 to keep the indu
humanity from damaging it. In the center of the 200, the
High V blue sky. On the
easter side of the mountain, a waterfall plummet
from the tree-lined rock face to form a small placid lake.

al expansion of

est Mountain rowers in the cle:

down

mrey Barnes

Glass Walkers: Hong Kong

Unknown to all but the local Garou, and a select few of
their Kinfolk, the waterfall covers the entrance toa hidden
grotto in which thousands of peach trees grow. The peach
trees grow high enough into the sky that they appear to be
the peak of the mountain. The caern itself lies within this
quiet peach grove

The Council for Universal Trade clo
secret of the

ely guards the
are brought to
the sacred site with their senses negated by specially crafted
fetishes. Outsiders who learn of the caern's location are
forced to stay until they have been "deemed worthy" by the
Warder of the caern; this is usually a 10-year period of time,
during which the interloper must serve with each of the
caern officers (Warder, Guardians, Master of the Rites,
etc.)

Bawn

The bawn reaches out past the edges of the zoo to enclose
the newly constructed shopping mall (owned by Jo Wu,
Sept Leader of the Council for Universal Trade) and the
back lot of the Wok Wok Rik film company (owned by
Wok Wok Rik, elder of the Council for Universal Trade).

Center

L constantly in the unearthly bre
blows gently through the hidden glen. The largest of the
the Mother of Peach Trees, lifts her giant limbs
with majestic purity. Branches filled with giant, juice-

m's location. Visiting pac

aves rustle e that

peach tree

67


The Smiling Happy Buddha

Background Cost: 5

The Smiling Happy Buddha, a totem spirit of Re-
spect, not only endows his followers with feelings of
tranquil peace, but also provides for their material and
monetary needs. He is also known as Milo Fo, the
Laughing Buddha. He is a big jolly fellow, although he
is sometimes depicted as thin and starving. Mi-lo Fo is
the patron saint of silver and goldsmiths.

Packs chosen by the Smiling Happy Buddha receive
an extra two points of Willpower per story, and also
have three points of liquidated Resources at their dis-
posal for each story. In times of great stress, the Smiling
Happy Buddha might appear to help Garou of great
renown focus their will and block out all distractions
(This is similar to the Silver Fang Gift: Mindblock).

Code of Conduct: The Smiling Happy Buddha
wishes his followers to "spread the wealth" to all mem-
bers of the community. The Smiling Happy Buddha
demands that his followers be peaceful among them-
selves. Above all, his followers must not horde money,
but rather help increase the rate of its flow.

laden fruit reach to the sky. White sand, made from the
ground bones of the caern's dead metis Garou, neatly covers
the area around the massive tree's root system.

When the caern is opened (with the Rite of Caern
Opening), the transcendent form of the Smiling Happy
Buddha appears within the trunk of the primordial peach
tree. There, he sits cross-legged and smiling. His large belly
jiggles in waves from his silent inner laugh. His right palm
is opened to the sky, symbolically flowing with wealth and
gifts, while his left palm faces the viewer. The middle finger
and thumb on his left hand form a circle, and the other
fingers pointing upwards, offering peace and tranquility.

The Smiling Happy Buddha not only knows peace with
Gaia, but he also knows that, within the balance of the
three major universal forces (Order, Chaos and the Dragon),
there is more than enough wealth for everyone.

Landmarks
The Hall of Heads

"We have been studying the phenomenon of past life experi-
ences for thousands of years. If you travel to the far western side
of the cavern, you will find the bleached skulls of the renlei
langren (dead homid Garou) of Hong Kong packs. The skulls
are stacked by their past life relatives

"Though it does not have the power of the caern proper, we
respectitas asacred site for finding peace of mind and acceptance
of death."

— Mystic Orchid, Children of Gaia Theurge of
the Caretakers of the Peach Grove

"T have known Garou who claim that connecting to their
ancestors was easier when they were in direct contact with their
ancestor's skulls."

— Plant-in-the-Machine, Philodox of the Hong
Kong City Farmers

Bone Field

"When we, the langlangren (lupus Garou), feel weare losing
that-which-makes-us-live, we wander toward the rise-set (the
southern edge) of the sacred peach grove. There we slide into the
final sleep."

—Leaping Wonder, Philodox of the Caretakers of
the Peach Grove

Cockroach Pit

"We have managed to maintain the Balance by our adherence
to tradition. Out of respect to the patron totem spirit of the most
ancient of Glass Walker houses, we have incorporated a special
porcelain-rimmed pit into the layout of the Peach Grove.
Hundreds of thousands of subspecies of cockroaches inhabit the
bottom of the five foot round, granite-lined pit. They gnaw at
the wastes, thereby processing it within their digestive systems.
In this state, the remaining matter is used to bed the peach trees.
Itis in this manner that we show our respect to the Cockroach."

— Rose Thorn, Ahroun of the South China
Traders (attributed A.D, 900)

"When I was young, my grandmother once told me a story
about how the cockroaches had underground passageways that
led from the Cockroach Pit in the hidden peach grove to the city
of Hong Kong. There, the Bone Gnawers could call upon them
to infest the buildings of people they despised."

— Zu Lo'lang, "Hand of Vengeance", Ahroun of
the Iron Brotherhood (attributed 1978)

Umbrascape

"The Rite of the Shrouded Glen has been used to hide the great
caern's impression in the yingzi shijie (the Umbra). Other
sections of Hong Kong have been "hidden" likewise by the
Council for Universal Trade in order to ensure the secrecy of the
Mother of Peach Trees Caem."

— Jeffy MacBade, leader of the Swift Dealing
Smile Pack

"The Umbra is balanced, as is the Tellurian. Order (the
Weaver) and Chaos (the Wyld) both have their way in the
world, as does the crisp shining Dragon that rises into the sunlit
sky to rend asunder the work of Order and Chaos alike. He
erases the slate so that their work can be created anew."

— Enlightened Wolf, leader of the Northern
Mountain Temple pack (attributed A.D. 750)

"The Children of Gaia talk about their peaceful glens and
elysian fields, but those bastions of Nature can't hold a candle
to the brilliant, heavenly forest that fills the Penumbra of the
Mother of Peach Trees Caem. Everything is blossoming over
with beautiful plant life, and an overpowering feeling of satisfac-
tion fills the air like a sunny day

68 Caerns: Places of Power

"As the Umbra laps out of the hidden glen, the feel of the
Umbra changes to a metallic starkness. Wires begin to attach

themselves to places and things in the physical world. Informa-

tion arranges itself out into a controlled mathematical equation
far t00 complex for most to decipher."

John Mimby, Fianna Galliard of the Swift
Dealing Smile Pack

History

"While the Get of Fenris and Shadow Lords persisted in the
tation of humanity, we gently coaxed them from their tree
designed

cd fire that they
the ¢
world. Itwas, therefore, our duty to guide humanity along the
appropriate path in accordance with nature

settlements to ground-based cities that we had

"It was obvious when these ‘apes' develo}

would use technology as a fulcrum to chan

e of our

"First and foremost, our goal must ever be to promote the
advancement of science in an environmentally conscious man-
ner."

— Timely Waterwheel, the great Galliard sage
(attributed c. 2200 B.C.)

The Glass Walkers have fought as a stabilizing force in
the progression of Chinese society as far back as 4000 B.C.
They learned to live with humankind and helped the
advancement of engineering and politics in order to keep
humanity aligned to the Balance
| Glass Walker houses and their Kinfolk settled in
Hong Kong around 700 B.C. One Glass Walker House, the

South China Traders, searched for pivotal nexus points
within both the physical world and the Umbra; in the
hidden peach grove, they had found more than they had
ever dreamed

Lead by Inner Rhythm (the great Theurge), the Glass
Walker Houses, with the aid of Bone Gna
the Rite of Caern Building in 4 B.C
consecrated to the Smiling Happy Buddha

et packs, cast

The caern was

The South China Traders have had the majority of
responsibility for the caern from that date, though the
caern has become so large that other tribes now take part in
the many duties associated with the caern.

With Europe and western Asia choked with violence,
several packs of the Children of Ge
migrated into and Mongolia. In late A.D, 900, the
to
forcibly drive the Glass Walker and Bone Gnawer Garou
from mainland China. The Children of Gaia drifted down
south behind the advancing troops and tried to heal, with
compassion and respect, the damage that the Shadow Lords
had caused.

and Shadow Lords

invading Mongols, assisted by the Shadow Lords, beg:

The human country of Portugal built a trading port in
ongaround A.D. 1514, making them the first of the
countries to make permanent trade links with
ng was seized in 1841 by the British
asa part of the spoils in the first Opium War, during which
many Garou died.

The Council for Universal Trade (Zhengwuhui bu Shuohua
Pubiande Shangye) broke free from the Glass Walker House

Glass Walkers: Hong Kong 69


of the South China Traders in 1898 to stabilize interna-
tional trade. The New Territories were leased to Britain for
99 years. Many of the remaining South China Traders
found the mounting influence of the "white man" unbear-
able and formed the dreaded Pirates of the South Chir
Sea. The Pirates made a pact with the Council, ensuring
the safety of the Sept of the Council for Universal Trade.
When they established their own ca
new totem spirit, Tin Hau

the Pirates took a

Peaceful and prosperous, Hong Kong was ripe for the
picking by the Japanese during World War Two (1941)
Rumors ran rampant that Western (German and Italian)
Kindred were flooding into Hong Kong with the Japanese
army

The Pirates of the South China Sea could not stand idly
byand watch the island bawn of the ancil for
Universal Trade become tainted by Europe's unbalanced

eptof the

influence. Boarding Japanese ships, the members of the

house stole armaments and rebelled with nautical terrorist

tactics.
Firearms became a symbol of power, and the Iron Broth

erhood House (Tie Tongbao) was formed. Forsaking the sea
to wear silk suits and tote firearms, they blended with the

criminal underworld and brought about the birth of the
Hong Kong syndicates. In the late '40s, the Iron Brother-
hood house took over the post of Guardians of the Sept of
the Council for Universal Trade from the Pirates of the
South China Sea.

Caerns: Places of Power

As the communists began their purge of China, one of
zer packs migrated to Hong Kong.
al Trade, eager to gain new allies,

zers the position of Gateke

the few remaining Sta
The Council for Unive:
offered the Starg:

pers.

By 1956, the population of Hong Kong surged to over 2.5
million humans, and the Council for Universal Trade sent
out the call to the mainland packs to protect the sept. The
mainland packs were having their own problems. In 1967,
cl
was the s

ina was swept with a cultural revolution. Hong Kong

fe haven for protesters. Later, in 1978, refugees
began to flood into Hong Kong from Vietnam

The Council for Universal Trade panicked and tried,
through their monetary might, to secure Hong Kong's
future trade status. In a bold move in 1984, they managed
to have diplomats from Britain and China sign an agree
ment concerning the return of Hong Kong to
China. Cl
would remain capitalist instead of falling to the harsh

and

a would regain control of Hong Kong, but it

regime of the communists.

Hong Kong rem:
Ethics are a necessary and respected part of business. Al

ins a pivotal center for world trade

though restrictions are becoming less rigid, technology

remains ecologically-minded.

(For further information on the city of Hong Kong, see
the Vampire supplement A World of Darkness.)

The Sept

The Mother of Peach Trees Caern is a cornucopia of

prosperity, allowing mgney and resources to run rampant


within Hong Kong. No price is too high, and no item is too
forbidden.

"Those who have been empowered at the Mother of Peach
Trees Caem are imbued with a deep, overwhelming sense that
Nature and Technology must work together as one, collaborat-
ing in peace and harmony to preserve the Balance.

"Ieis for us to teach that the only correct way for technology
to advance is in a manner that is safe for the environment and
attuned t0 Gaia's will. We must never forget this fact

"Technology in its pure forms at one with Nature, We must
not comupt the Balance for the allure of quick material wealth
We must work to ensure that science and technology are used
reasonably by all

"The Earth is our greatest resource. We cannot squander its
wealth needlessly. The Dragon would be forced to swoop down
and bur us all into nothing with its all-consuming fire-like
breath. Ie is in our hands to create machinery that will lead us to
amore balanced tomorrow."

— Hu Jang, "Lightning Strike", Ahroun of the
newly founded Iron Brotherhood (1953)

The Glass Walker and Bone Gnawers work together, as
they often have for thousands of years. The Glass Walker
packs trust the Stargazers as honest and truthful Garou.
Glass Walkers look down upon Shadow Lords due to their
part in the Mongolian invasion (circa 1280). There are no
Shadow Lords within Hong Kong.

Children of Gaia in Hong Kong tend to feel that the
Glass Walkers are tense and overly concerned with human-
ity. The Children of Gaia and the Stargazers treat one
anotheras packmates, spreading information amongst them-
selves freely. The Asians begrudgingly allow the local
Fianna into their moots.

Personalities
Jo Wu, "Limitless Hard-Drive"

Position: Sept Leader

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Glass Walker

Nature / Demeanor: Alpha / Alpha

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 2, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimida-
tion 3, Primal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 5, Firearms 2,
Melee 3, Leadership 5, Performance 4, Repair 3, Computer 3,
Enigmas 2, Investigation 1, Law 4, Linguistics (English) 1,
Medicine 2, Politics (Global Trade) 4, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 3, Resources 5,
Pack Totem 5 (the Smiling Happy Buddha)

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Scent of True Form, Smell of
Man, Truth of Gaia; (2) Jam Technology, Strength of
Purpose; (3) Cybersense, Tongues, Wisdom ofthe Ancient

Ways; (4) Scent from Beyond; (5) Geas, Summon Net-
spiders.

Rage 3, Gnosis 6, Willpower 10

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot
Rite, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of Wounding

Fetishes: Coin of Wealth, Dream Trap, Loon's Refund

Merit: Corporation CEO

Image: Jo Wu is a straight-laced businesswoman of the
capitalist '90s, Dressing American, she holds herself with
pride, self-importance and savvy. A monetary mastermind,
Jo Wu has millions of dollars squirrelled away in banks
across the planet. She can manipulate nearly anything and
does so as she sees fit. Companies have collapsed and
individuals have disappeared due to Jo Wu's corporate
influences.

Roleplaying Notes: You are as calm as the new day
breeze that sweeps in from the horizon, drifting cool and
refreshing into the humid cityscape. To you, corruption is
not allowing the influence of the Smiling Happy Buddha to
run unchecked across the planet. Your goal is to keep Hong
Kong open to world trade without compromising the stable
co-existence between technology and the environment.

You have the utmost respect for anyone, unless you are
betrayed. Ifsomeone does betray you, the lron Brotherhood
is always willing to take your blood money.

Quote: "What is important in today's society is making as
much money as possible. Money will do everything for you. If
you don't believe me, then you are the fool."

Background: A native of Hong Kong, Jo Wu has spent
her life learning about business. She quickly climbed
through the ranks of the Council for Universal Trade. Her
leadership in changing the electric power sources in Hong
Kong from coal to solar panels and windmills was her final
step in ensuring her position as Lord of the Glass Walker
House.

Jo Wu has allied the Council with the Hong Kong City
Farmers, preventing the western evils of "evironmentally
incompatible industry" from invading the island. The
Council's businesses work in tandem keeping Pentex' money,
and their unethical business tactics, out of mainland Asia.

Song Chiang, "Welcome Rain"

Position: Warder

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Glass Walker (City Farmer)

Nature / Demeanor: Curmudgeon / Caregiver

Attributes: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (4/1/1/1),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimi-
dation 1, Primal-Urge4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1, Animal
Ken 4, Etiquette 3, Leadership 4, Performance (Drum) 3,

Glass Walkers: Hong Kong 71


Survival 1, , Herbalism 2, Kailindo 1, Meditation 2, Com-
puter (Robotics) 3, Enigmas 4, Linguistics 4, Medicine 3,
Occult 1, Politics 1, Rituals 3, Science (Hydroponics) 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 2, Resources 4

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Control Simple Machines,
Mindspeak; (2) Dreamspeak; (3) Control Complex Ma-
chines, Cybersenses, Invent, Tongues; (4) Attunement,
Bridge Walker, Shadows by the Fire Light

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 9

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Ritual of
the Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of
the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Rite of Binding, Baptism of
Fire, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Ritual of Summoning, Rite
of the Totem, Rite of the Opened Sky

Fetishes: Bells of Rain, Lagomorph's Boon, Spirit Drum,
Sacred Soil

Merits / Flaws: Longevity, Park Department Ties, Judi-
cial Ties / Soft Hearted

Image: Bristling with an air of dignity, Song Chiang's
long silky beard cannot be missed ina crowd. In Lupus form,
fur covers his face in a black mask. His body fur covers him
like brown bark.

Roleplaying Notes: A very sincere and gentle man,
Song Chiang lives by his word. He links his artistic ability
directly to Awen and tends to try to fight his battles on an
emotional level rather than leaping into physical combat.

Quote: "We must stand together as solid as the bricks in a
wall; our minds must be focused upon the will of Gaia, project-
ing it outwards like plant life into the cities of the world."

Background: Asa young adult, Song Chiang was prone
to fits of Harano when inebriated. He lost great renown by
scribbling on the walls of Hong Kong bars, especially when
he wrote poetry about the Garou. As he aged, his character
grew stronger, and the strength of his soul forged the way for
him to become leader of the Hong Kong City Farmers and
Warder of the Mother of Peach Trees Caer.

Song Chiang is respected for his level-headed fore-
thought. He not only relies upon his own intuition about
threats to the caern, but also uses the combined sensory
powers of all the Garou on the island (through his Galliard
Gifts).

Song Chiang has befriended both the Junk Junk King
(leader of the Bone Gnawer pack known as Broken Junk
City) and All-Seeing-Eye (leader of the Bone Gnawer pack
known as the Watchers of the Streets), and they come to
visit him often.

Easygoing Song Chiang only hates injustice.

Wu Yong, "Jron Ghost"

Position: Guardian
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Glass Walker (Wise Guys)
Nature / Demeanor: Director / Autist

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Drive 3, Fire-
arms 5, Leadership 4, Repair 2, Stealth 1, Survival 1,
Disguise 2, Fast-Draw 4, Instruction 3, Kailindo 2, Com-
puter 3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 3, Occult 1, Politics 3, Rituals 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 5, Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Control Simple Machines, Mother's Touch,
Persuasion, Smell of Man; (2) Heat Metal, Jam Technol-
ogy, Power Surge, Staredown; (3) Control Complex
Machines, Disquiet; (4) Corner Shot, Doppleganger

Rage 2, Gnosis 7, Willpower 9

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Ritual of
the Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Gather-
ing for the Departed, Rite of Binding, Rite of Wounding,
Rite of Spirit Awakening, Ritual of Summoning, Rite of
Passage, Rite of Ostracism, Stone of Scorn, Rite of the
Totem

Fetishes: Dream Trap, Sands of Sleep, Death Dust, Fire-
Elemental Bullets (Gnosis 5; if a successful firearms hit has
been scored, roll activation. If sucessful, the round burst
into flames upon impact and does three dice of aggravated
damage. Wu Yong has five of these bullets)

Merits / Flaws: Underworld Ties, Ambidexterous /
Intolerance (injustice)

Image: Wu Yong's wears nothing but the finest, pristine
white silk suits. Calm and gentle in his everyday life, his
mafia-like tactics strike like lightning.

Roleplaying Notes: Honor is the way of life. You live by
seeing that justice is done. Your enemies are evil and
injustice. You are always in control.

When the time comes for killing, you fire two .45
automatics with blazing speed and perfect accuracy.

Background: When Wu Yong wasstill young and living
in mainland China, he transported small packages for the
local black market. Upon his Firsting in the '80s, "Iron
Ghost" found himself in a new scale of power and intrigue
as a member of the Iron Brotherhood.

Run and composed mostly of Kinfolk humans, the Iron
Brotherhood has sworn an oath to ensure Asian trade
supremacy in Hong Kong. The Brotherhood also serves as
an equalizer and righter of wrongs. The Chinese in Hong
Kong respect them and often give gifts to members of this
organization.

Wu Yong took to the methods of the Iron Brotherhood
like a fish to water. His ability in planning and completing
"jobs" allowed him to advance rapidly within both the
organization and the house. In a short 10 years, Wu Yong
had managed to become house leader and one of the chief
officials in the lron Brotherhood; thus, "Iron Ghost" gained
the caern office of Guardian.

72 Caerns: Places of Power

Arthur Chang, "Weaving Wheel'

Position: Master of the Rite

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Glass Walker

Nature / Demeanor: Traditionalist / Visionary

Attributes: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (4/1/1/1),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 1,
Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 1, Streetwise 1,
Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 4, Leadership 3, Performance 4,
Repair 2, Survival 2, Meditation 2, Computer 1, Enigmas 4,
Investigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 4, Politics 4,
Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Familiar Spirit 3,
Kinfolk 1, Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Persuasion, Smell of Man;
(2) Command Spirit, Name the Spirit, Sight from Beyond;
(3) Elemental Favor, Exorcism, Pulse of the Invisible; (4)
Spirit Drain, Spirit Ward

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 7

Rank: 4

Rites: All

Fetishes: Key to the Umbra,
Gossamer Thread, Clea

agomorph's Boon, Luna's
Water, Sacred Soil

Merits / Flaws: Corporate Ties, Media Ties, Judicial
Ties / Banned Transformation (soothing music), Short

Image: In Lupus form, Arthur's coat runs molted with
spots of black, brown and gray. In Homid form, Arthur's
short, thin figure makes him appear nonthreatening,

Roleplaying Notes: Arthur travels out into the Umbra
constantly as he fulfills his sept duties. In the physical
world, he relies upon his cunning; in the Umbra, he likes
muscling his way around with his arcane powers and knowl-
edge of the occult.

Arthur loves being around others and is eager to meet
others who study the manipulation of the unseen. If Arthur
gets in an argument at a moot, all of the Theurges present
will side with him out of respect and friendshi

Background: Arthur grew up in a rich family. He was
very shaken at his becoming, but since then he has learned
to acclimate himself quite well. His skills at making friends
had much todo with his learning Gifts and rites from nearly
every Theurge on the island.

Perfector of Forms

Position: Gatekeeper
Breed: Homid
Philodox

Tribe: Stargazer

Nature / Demeanor: Judge / Confidant

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 4 (6/2/7/7), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 1, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 2,
Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Melee (Staff) 4, Leadership 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 1, Herbalism 2, Meditation 5, Kailindo 2,
Enigmas 4, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Past Life 3, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: (1) Balance, Persuasion, Scent of True Form,
Truth of Gaia; (2) Surface Attunement, Inner Strength,
Strength of Purpose; (3) Preternatural Awareness, Weak
Arm; (4) Scent from Beyond, Ultimate Argument of Logic;
(5) Circular Attack, Geas, Wall of Granite

Rage 3, Gnosis 5, Willpower 9

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Ritual of
the Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of
the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Rite of Binding, Baptism of
Fire, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Becoming, Ritual of
Summoning, Rite of Passage

Fetishes: Gaia's Poultice, Heart of the Spirit, Silver
Sword (notalways carried), five Pine Daggers, three Master's
Plasters (Gnosis 8; a small piece of herb-smeared oil paper.
It will temporarily heal one wound, negating Dice Pool
penalties until itis removed. If itis removed before natural
healingorregeneration can take place, the complete wound
will return.)

Auspic

Glass Walkers: Hong Kong 73


Merits / Flaws: Longevity, Double-Jointed, Ambidex-
trous / Slip Sideways

Image: Pure, flowing gray fur covers Perfector of Form's
athletic lupine body. Even in Homid form, his eyes still
hold the keen but calm edge of a wolf. His bald head is lined
with scars made by burning incense cones. He wears the
trappings ofa Buddhist monk, ashis pack is composed of the
decendants of Shaolin monks. Though he is a man in his
70s, he possesses an uncanny strength and limberness.

Roleplaying Notes: There is always enough time for
everything. When you have to act, you must use all that is
within you to the greatest effect in the shortest period of
time. It is very important to meditate constantly in order to
free your mind from the trappings of reality that clutter your
thoughts.

Quote: "One's mind must be clear and free before one can
truly see. The subconscious mind taints all that we sense. It is
our duty to purify ourselves so that we can transcend this false
view of life."

Background: For many years, Perfector of Form wan-
dered mainland China learning about the Balance. On a
trip to Hong Kong, he was brought to the sept, and he has
not left since. The peace and tranquility of the hidden
peach grove filled his mind. As the layers of reality seemed
to peel away, he knew his purpose in life— to become pack
leader of the Gatekeepers of the Peach Grove.

Revenge-of-the-Land

Position: Keeper of the Land

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Nature / Demeanor: Caregiver / Bravo

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/1/7), Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3,
Animal Ken 2, Leadership 4, Performance 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 5, Instruction 2, Kailindo 2, Mediation 2, Enigmas 2,
Occult 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Past Life 4, Pure Breed 4

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Inspiration, Razor Claws,
Resist Pain; (2) Leap of the Kangaroo, Luna's Armor; (3)
Detect Spirit, Spirit Friend; (4) Clenched Jaw; (5) Beast
Life, Elemental Gift, The Living Woods

Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Rites: All (Level Three and below)

Fetishes: Elk Tooth Necklace, Friendship Ring, Rager,
Tree Cloak (Level 3, Gnosis 6; a small twig bound by Garou
hair, When the fetish is activated, the Garou can appear, to
all natural senses, asa tree. Ofcourse, the Garou must stand
in place. The difficulty is 4 near similar trees, 6 near
different trees, and 9 in the city.)

Merits: Untamable, Fair Glabro

Image: In wolf form, Revenge-of-the-Land''s dark, black
fur runs flawlessly along her delineated musculature. In
Homid, she will not wear clothing and appears as a very
stereotypical Chinese woman with straight, hip-length
hair of purest black.

Roleplaying Notes: Revenge-of-the-Land especially
hates what she terms "the silly false nature" of Chinese
gardens. She dislikes the use of metis bone matter as
fertilizer about the base of the Great Peace Tree, but
supports it because it is tradition.

Quote: "No step on flowers, stupid ape!"

Background: Revenge-of-the-Land grew up in the moun-
tainous northern provinces of mainland China. She made
her way southward, changing packs and gaining notoriety
for her "back to the basics" approach.

Eventually, she was selected at a multi-tribal moot in
mainland China to head the Children of Gaia known
as the Caretakers of the Peach Grove. It is this pack's sacred
duty to insure that the peach grove stays in its natural,
healthy state. She has dedicated herself to this position for

life.
Li Kw'ei, "Spinning Buzz Saw"

Position: Master of the Challenge

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Glass Walker

Nature / Demeanor: Deviant / Reveler

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 0, Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Primal-Urge 5, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Swimming 4,
Drive (Ships) 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Leader-
ship 3, Repair (Boats) 4, Survival (Sea) 3, Kailindo 3,
Meditation 1, Computer 1, Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Linguistics 4, Occult2, Politics 2, Rituals 3, Science (Ocean-
ography) 3

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Kinfolk 1, Resources 5,
Pack Totem 5 (Tin Hau)

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Control Simple Machines, Cre-
ate Element, The Falling Touch; (2) Power Surge, True
Fear, Curse of Hatred, Sense Silver; (3) Invent, Control
Complex Machines, Heart of Fury, Eyes of the Cat, Mental
Speech, Elemental Favor; (4) Attunement, Wither Limb,
Clenched Jaw

Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7

Rank: 4

Rites: All (Level Three and below)

Fetishes: Crystal of Personal Warmth (Level 2, Gnosis 6;
a scarlet crystal in a wrapper. When activated, it will keep a
Garou at a comfortable temperature for 12 hours. This is
used to prevent hypothermia.), Tool Stick, three Glitches
(Gnosis 8; a small, magnetized gear with a broken tooth.

74 Caerns: Places of Power

Place it ona machine and activate it. The machine will not
function correctly until the machine is completely disas-
sembled and reassembled), Tool Talens

Merits / Flaws: Mechanical Aptitude / Vengeance

Image: Li Kw'ei is large, muscular wolf with gray-brown
fur; a streak of black hair runs along his neck and circles
around his head. Li Kw'ei's eyes are so far around the sides
of his head that his angle of vision reaches almost 300
degrees. In Homid form, Li Kw'ei's head seems hideously
deformed, with abeak-like face. LiKw'ei's gnarled, muscled
body strikes quite a menacing sight

Held back in a ponytail, his long black hair cascades back
from his bristle-bearded face. He wears the loose fitting
clothing ofa sailor and always has a utility belt jam-packed
with tools, Li Kw'ei keeps a pair of utility axes nearby at all
times.

Roleplaying Notes: Gruffand straightforward, LiKw'ei's
tolerance for whathe deems is outofline is very low. People
who do not treat him with the respect that he justly
deserves will find his wraith quite menacing.

Quote: "Ifit's a fight you want, it's a fight you'll get!"

Background: Li Kw'ei grew up in a Glass Walker House
called the Pirates of the South China S
Garou, he was always kept hidden by the leaders of the
Pirates. He learned the ways of the House and quickly rose
to take the seat of House Lord. Li Kw'ei upholds this honor
as the Master of Challenge with the greatest of respect and
dignity.

As a metis

Story Jdeas

1. The characters need to make a business deal, but are

thwarted at every turn. This may be due to Kindred inter-
vention by the Ventrue Business Alliance, or their money
might have links to Pentex. Local Glass Walkers or Bone
Gnawers direct the characters to the caern so that they can
be empowered by it. There, the pack will begin to discover
why their money is "tainted

The Council For Universal Trade, the Iron Brotherhood
and the Hong Kong City Farmers are the three Houses of
Glass Walkers in the city proper. The Bone Gnawer pack,
Watchers of the Streets, tends to mill about the crowded
alleys of Lascar Ro or Cat Street Market (see World of
Darkness).

2. Get the characters involved with smuggling or with
smugglers. The Iron Brotherhood, the Pirates of the South
China Sea and the Broken Junk City Pack have smuggling
connections. If the characters are westerners, they may
need to request the assistance of the Swift Dealing Smile
Pack of the Fianna tribe. If the characters travel out to sea
at night, they will no doubt run into the ghost vessel T'o
Ngoh (see World of Darkness).

3. If the characters try to start business dealings in Hong
Kong that will harm the environment or are linked to
Pentex, they will be accosted by the Hong Kong City
Farmers and the Iron Brotherhood. The City Farmers

control the Department of Public Housing and Building
Permits. The City Farmers will attempt to instill the eastern
viewpoint upon these obviously ignorant westerners in
order to protect the environment. The Iron Brotherhood
will come to the Hong Kong City Farmer's aid if necessary
to protect the natural balance or to insure justice.

4. Spooky Tooth, a band formed by a pack of Glass
Walkers, has been at the top of the heavy metal charts for
a while. The band shows up at the characters' caern and
asks for help in convincing the packs of Asia into believing
in the threat of the Wyrm. (The band is also concerned
about the fight over the Amazonian jungles and has found
out that the caern has not been sending troops.)
Tooth will try toconvince the pack to go to Hong Kon;
discuss the existence of the Wyrm (despite beliefs about the
Dragon) with the leaders of the Sept of the Couneil for
Univeral Trade

The members of the Sept absolutely believe in the
Dragon and will not listen to Western "propaganda" about
the Wyrm. From that point on, the situation leads to a

thin the Sept of the Council for Univer
moot before the transcendental form of the Smiling
Happy Buddha glowing from within the Peach Tree.

Background Cost: 4

Tin Hau, goddess of the
Totem of Wisdom. She has a big moot on th
ofthe third moon of the New Year. Tin Hau attunes her
followers to the South China Sea. This gives characters
an extra two dice on all rolls while sailing in the South
China Sea. In the past, storms have stopped for passing
"pirate" ships, and storms have sunken enemy ships
when Tin Hau felt that her Garou "children" were in
danger.

and fishermen, is a

23rd day

Ban: Tin Hau will not allow the sea to be desecrated.

Tin Hau will send storms to destroy those who pollute
the South Chin:

Glass Walkers: Hong Kong


Caerns: Places of Power


Sept of the Weeping
aughter

Caern: Grimbone Creek, located 15 miles west of Lawson,

n Mount Bona and Mount Sanford in the Wrangell

Mountains of Alaska
Level: 2
Gauntlet: 4
Type: Sorrow

Tribal Structure:
Totems: The Wee

"losed; open only to Red Talons

ping Daughter

Geography
Where there is sorrow, there is holy ground.

— Oscar Wilde, De Profundis
Grimbone

Saern is located in a small ravine with eight

to ten foot embankments on three sides— the north, east
there is a shallow creek. The

caern itself is roughly 160 feet in diameter. It is surrounded

and south. On the west sid

by Steven C. Brown

And though it seems from here/ That she was never there/
Light beams disappear/ Into her blackened hair) I wonder if they
reappear] She was right/ She was right there/ She was right there
all the time/ Collapsing all the way

Frank Black, "Places Named After Numbers"

Red Talons: Alaska

by dense forest, making it hard to see from a distance. The

forest is known by all local humans to be stalked by hungry

wolves and haunted by the ghosts of dead Eskimos

Bawn

The sept does not keep an eye out for intruders beyond
500 yards of the caern itself. Because it is located deep
within haunted woods, humans seldom brave the threat of
ghosts and roaming wolves. However, there are numerous

booby traps designed to alert the sept to nosy humans.

Many animal spirits and a few "Walkers" (see Umbrascape,

below) aid in protecting the caern from desecration

The Center

Near the northern end of the caern is a shrine to the

We
surrounding a la
The shrine is ei t tall. Many ancient spirit symbols of
the Wendigo and Red Talons,

Daughter consisting of a mound of smaller stones

oblong piece of shale turned on end.

along with painted and


decorated skulls of moose and bear, lie at the foot of the
center stone

Within the caern are the burial mounds of long-dead
Wendigo who lived in the deep forest and cared for an
ancientcaern that was destroyed by Wyrmlings. The mounds
are preserved and protected by the sept. A small burrow
enters the side of the hill on the eastern side; this is where
the Garou live. The passage branches off into five cham:
bers

Landmarks

Grimbone Caem is located in what is called Bloody
Woods, the site of many fierce battles between Garou and
Wyrm minions. In addition, the forest is the location of
many sightings of strange lights in the sky, many missing
persons reports and the occasional report of UFO abduc
tion.

Umbrascape

At the center of the caern, in the Umbra, the burial
mounds of the Garou lie open. There are no dead present,
although their bodies are in the burial mounds in the real
world. There are aly
and sometimes, when the wind catches the trees just right,
the voices bleed through into this world,

ys voices in the forest of the Umbra,

Caerns: Places of Power

In the Umbra, the forest around the caer is filled with
the spirits of long dead animals. While most animals who
die continue the journey onward after death, those who
remain as spirits here appear as they did when the life left
their bodies. Some remain half-eaten yet fully conscious;
others bearonly the wound which brought them down. The
spirit animals continue to exist, feeding on their natural

prey in the Umbra

While most "Walkers" are the ghosts of Eskimo, some are
dead Wendigo and Red Talons. Anyone who dies near the

caern has a choice.

He can stay in the local Umbra, or he

can continue his journey into the afterworld without a
guide. Thus, many former members of the sept are present
in the Umbra. They help living sept members as much as
possible. The dead always appear as they did when they
were buried. They are corporeal on the Umbra, though cold
and pale. They smell of death and bear all the wounds that
were on their body at the time of their death.

The Weeping Daughter, who is occasionally spotted on
the Umbra in the woods nearby (and occasionally, though
less often,

in the real world), appears to be an ancient

Eskimo woman in her twenties. She w

s clothing of

beaver skins and beads of seal teeth. She radiates a natural
aura of pale-blue light, and all near her experience some
thing similar to Harano while in her presence. She is the
caern guardian on the Umbra, but she can also provide
assistance to the Garou in the real world with her "Walk-

ers


History

The world is weary of the past,
Oh, might it die or rest at last!
— Percy Bysshe Shelley, Hellas

On their journey into the interior of the continent, a
pack of Wendigo founded the caern and established the
Sept of the Open Heart. These Wendigo were tough, and
their caern was powerful. They succeeded in forcing the
Wyrmlings into retreat when they attacked them, and
when there were too many Wyrmlings to face, the sept
would hold up in its caern deep within the forest, where it
s protected from assault by powerful Wyldlings.

A stupid Ragabash accidentally freed powerful Wyrm
beasts from their mystical prisons. Attacks were launched
on the Wendigo from hidden caves deep within the moun-
tain. The Wendigo fell before the onslaught of the Wyrm,
and their powerful caern was destroyed. The few who
survived buried their dead and then committed suicide in
shame for their dishonor in failing to save the caern that

had long protected them
Centuries later, a pack of Red Talons, known as the
Strong Backs, came to America and headed north for a real
frontier. However, little did they know, many Black Spirals
had made it to the area before them. The Black Spiral packs
known as the Crawlers-From-Void and the Doom-Hurlers
had already dug out tunnels, sharing a caern with the same

Red Talons: Alaska

Wyrmlings who destroyed the Wendigo caem. The Black
Spirals attacked and were defeated, but they still managed

to kill half the Red Talons.

The remaining Red Talons escaped into the Umbra
They travelled for miles until they wandered upon the
burial mounds of the Wendigo. The Black $
yet tainted the site, The place had a feeling of power to it,

ar. The Red Talons

irals had not

but it was tainted with an aura of

feared they faced another battle

They were met on the Umbra by the Weeping Daughter
and her thralls, including the Wendigo "Walkers". The
Red Talons felt the Harano of the Weeping Daughter and
the Wendigo. The Weeping Daughter told the pack that if
they would protect the burial mounds and keep the white
men from encroach
aid them.

further, she and her minions would

The Red Talons discussed this for three nights, and
finally the pack split on the issue. Many thought it was
unnatural to seek the protection of ghosts and protect the
burial sites of homid Garou. Yet while many found the
experience frightening at first, they realized this was acaern
ct them. The Red Talons believed
the caern had to be protected until they could rebuild their
to challenge the Black Spir:
Once the Spirals were defeated, the Talons could turn upon
the humans ni
would they found their own cae in the heart of the

with the power to prot

number to a sufficient si:

arby and destroy them. Then, and only then,

wilderness and live in peace with the world

Alaska -
Red Talon


The Red Talons who left the pack were all killed by the
Black Spirals, but the ones who stayed and bred with the
wolves nearby prospered. The Black Spirals were driven
back into their holes in the earth, and the Red Talons
turned their attention to the human town nearby. Within
a matter of days, the Red Talons hunted down and killed
(and ate) most of the humans in the town and surrounding
area. The Red Talons returned to their caern and resumed
breeding with wolves and hunting in the forests
time, the town of Lawson has been rebuilt. The Red Talons
have yet to destroy it for a second time. However, the day

nce that

may come soon.

After a time, the Black Spirals be
heads again. This time, they had the ass
of Banes, freed from mystical confines imposed by the
Wendigo. During this time, the powers of the Weeping
Daughter proved especially helpful. The "Walkers" ripped
apart the Banes, and the Black S|
term state of Harano by the Weeping Daughter.

The Sept

You're the champion of sorrow,

ring their ugly
ance ofa number

nr

pirals were cast intoa long-

You're the love and the pain,
You're the fighter of evil,
Yet you're one and the same.
Stone Temple Pilots, "Naked Sunday"
The Sept of the Weeping Daughter is so small it consists
of only one pack. It has always been small due to the sept's

xenophobic attitude towards other Garou, particularly
homids, and the pack's constant battles with the Black
Spirals.

Personalities
Heart-of-Winter, Alpha Male

Position: The Warder

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Galliard

Nature / Demeanor: Alpha / Alpha

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 1, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 3,
Melee 2, Leadership 3, Performance 2, Stealth 2, Survival 5,
Enigmas 3, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 3, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Heightened Senses, Mindspeak;
(2) Sense of the Prey, Sense the Unnatural; (3) Distrac-
tions, Song of Rage, Trackless Waste

Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Willpower 9

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Opened Caer,

Moot Rite, Baptism of Fire, Rite of Passage, Rite of Ostra-
cism, Rite of the Winter Wolf

80 Caerns: Places of Power


Fetishes: Bear Claw Dagger (Level 4, Gnosis 7; this is an
ancient Wendigo artifact in the form of asteel-bladed knife
with a decorated bear jaw fora handle. The knife grants the
owner +2 damage and allows the owne to summon the
Strength of the Bear: once per wi
ctivated toadd 5 dice to Strength. The effect lasts for one
ne.)

the fetish may be

Image: A slow-moving wolf with a dark gray back and a
light gray underbelly. Heart-of-Winter is well fed, but not
fat. He has long jaws and longer-than-normal teeth. His
face never betrays his emotions. In his Homid form, he
stands 5'9" and weighs approximately 200 pounds. He has
short, straight, dark black hair. He has no beard and onl
small amount of body hair, and appears to be in his mid-

thirties.

Roleplaying Notes
he speaks, he usually s

He is generally very quiet, but when

s something important. He does
not tolerate others challenging his leadership, and he i
very volatile and cruel when he needs to be. He enjoys
relaxing and does little other than hunt and sleep. In
conversation, he is polite but firm in his positions. He

dislikes putting his sept in danger unless he is there with
them.

Background: Heart-of- Winterwas bon intoa wolf pack
ntire life in Bloody Woods
cursions into territories beyond.

near the caer. He has spenthis
with only a few minor
He was discovered by the Garou and given the Rite of

Passage younger than most. He proved he was a cunning

Red Talons: Alaska

and resourceful lupus who lived without fear. He wasaquiet
individual, even by lupus standards, but this only enhanced
his image as a leader. By the time he reached adulthood,
Storm-Chaser, the old Alpha, was getting old, He proved
no match for Heart-of-Winter, and thus Heart-of-Winter
became the new Alpha.

He has been the Alpha since adulthood, proving his
abilities as a cautious and wise leader. He respects Storm-
Chaser, and he knows he still has a lot to learn from the old
Garou, but he do him. He grows weary of Eater-
of-Bears' waysand he would punish her greatly ifshe did not
play sucha vital role in the sept. Herg
the wolvesis both an asset to the septanda hindrance tohis
own authority. He knows Greasy-Fur wants to one day be
the Alpha, but he will not give in to him; he does not
believe he is suitable to lead. He respects Stands-Lik
Mountain very much and hopes she will one day challenge
Eater-of-Bears for the Alpha position.

Old Storm-Chaser, Beta Male

Position: Master of the Challenge, Master of the Rite,
Gatekeeper
Breed: Lupus

not lil

at influence among

Auspice: Theurge

Nature / Demeanor: Judge / Confidant

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 4, Leadership 4, Performance 5,
Stealth 3, Survival 5, Enigmas 4, Occult 2, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Past Life 4, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Sense the Unnatural, Sense
Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2) Beastmind, Command Spirit,
Name the Spirit, Scent of Sight; (3) Pulse of the Invisible;
(4) Beast Life, Spirit Drain

Rage 2, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8

Rani

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caern, Rite of Binding, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Ritual of
‘Summoning, Rite of Passage, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the
Opened Bridge

Fetishes: Spirit Whistle and various talens, including a
good supply of Ghost-Tobacco (Gnosis 6; when smoked by
a Garou, all spirits in a fifty yard radius will become
intoxicated. Prolonged exposure will make spirits so drunk
that they might play pranks or "pass out'
become addicted to the smoke and will serve the smoker to
get more.)

some spirits can.

Image: In Lupus form, Storm-Chaser has ruddy-brown
fur and is slightly larger than other wolves. In Homid form,
5'6" and 130
pounds, He hasa beard and keeps. pair of bifocals in Homid
form.

he isa white-haired old man in his late sixti


Roleplaying Notes: Storm-Chaser is on the verge of
becoming an old one. He has fought many battles and
survived. Now he enjoys telling the other sept members
about his escapades. He is clever; if asked for advice, he will
ask questions and lead the conversation so that the ques-
tioner will answer the question for herself. He loves to have

fun and has a great sense of humor.

Background: Storm-Chaser is the last of his generation
He was once

most a Ragabash, rejoicing in his love of
tricks and defiance of the sept. However, this cost him his
best friend in battle. He has never forgiven himself. He
sometimes suffers Harano, and often goes off into the woods
to be alone. When he is not depressed, he is a very lively
fellow who delights in storytelling.

He is very kind to all members of the sept, helping teach
them all he knows. He knows his time is coming soon, and
he wants to leave them prepared. He believes in Heart-of-
Winter's leadership abilities, and he has faith in his wisdom
He dislikes Eater-of-Bears, seeing her as a threat to the
others. Even for a Ragabash, she is unhinged, and she
reminds him of himself when he was young. He has taken
aspecial interest in Stand-Like-Mountain. He
is well as a heart filled with bravery. He knows her
will be a useful weapon against the Wyrm one day.
He also knows she will one day leave the sept behind to
fulfill a greater destiny. He does not fully trust Greasy-Fur,
but he is willing to teach him as much as he is willing to

ees wisdom

learn, which seems to be a great deal.

Eater-of-Bears, Alpha Female

Position: Guardian

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ragabash

Nature / Demeanor: Predator / Alpha

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/?),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Ck 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 5, Melee 2, Leadership 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 4, Enigmas 1, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Kinfolk 4, Past Life 1

Gifts: (1) Bez
the Kangaroo, Scent of Running Water; (2) Scent of Sight,
¢ the Unnatural

Rage 9, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rank: 2

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of the Opened C;

Fetishes: Amulet of Good Cheer (Level 2, Gnosis 6; this
fetish renders the owner immune to Harano as long as i
worn. However, when the amulet is initially removed, the
owner suffers Harano for an indefinite period of time.)

em.

Image: Eater-of-Bears is a sleek, muscular wolf of me-
dium-brown and black coloration. She is unusually graceful
when she moves. Her Homid form is that of a 5'9", 130

Caerns: Places of Power

pound attractive woman in her mid-twenties. She has long
black hair down to her waist.

Roleplaying Notes: Eater-of-Bears is a very aggressive
Garou and a true Ragabash. She is the one member of the
Red Talons in the area who constantly harasses townsfolk
and kills travelers. She runs with a large number of wolv
and she often takes her huge pack through downtown
Lawson at night. She is seldom openly defiant of Heart-of-
Winter, but she can be very sarcastic for a lupus. She loves
the hunt and especially the kill; she would be as good an
Ahroun as she is a Ragabash.

Background: Eater-of-Bears was a whelp when she was
taken along with two others for her Rite of Passage. She was
the only one tosurvive; the other two were killed by a Bane-
infested grizely bear. She would have been killed had she
not run av k the aid of her former wolf pack, made
up of Kinfolk. With their aid, she slew the bear and feasted
upon it, thus becoming the Eater-of-Bears. Later, she would
eat all the bears within close range of the sept.

She recently became the Alpha female. The former
Alpha died fighting a Black Spiral Dancer. Eater-of-Bears
now leads her army of wolves in total freedom. Due to her
strong tie to her Kinfolk and other wolves, she is very
powerful despite her lack of personal greatness. She dislik
Heart-of- Winter because he is a member of the Anti-
Extinction Faction, as are the other sept members.

to se

She enjoys pretending to be a human hitchhiker. Once
shes picked up, she slays the driver and takes his valuable
She often leaves her name in blood on one of the windows
so humans will know the killing was not a wolf attack.

She patronizes Storm-Chaser and tries intimidating him
subtly whenever she can get away with it. She sees Stands-
Like-Mountain asa potential rival, and she sees Greasy-Fur
pathetic excuse fora Garou. She wants the sept to turn
of solitude to join the Red Talon fight
against the Wyrm and the humans.

Stands-Like-Mountain, Beta Female

Position: Guardian

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox

Nature / Demeanor: Confidant / Conformist

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,

Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 2, Repair 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 3, Enigmas 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Pure Breed 1, Kinfolk 2

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Heightened S s, Resist
Fate (2) Call to Duty, King of the Beasts, Sense the

from their way:

, Willpower 5

Red Talons: Alaska

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Moot Rite, Baptism of Fire,
Rite of Passage, Rite of Ostracism

Fang Dagger

Imag
wolf. Her

Stands-Like-Mountain is a stocky, dark brown
ars are a little large, and the tips of her paws are
is the underside of her neck. Her Homid form is
5°6", 135 pound woman with medium-length,
ccurly-brown hair. She appears to be in her mid-rwenties.

Roleplaying Notes: She is very friendly, and she loves to
meet Garou from outside her sept. Mountain
travels a great deal and spends about as much time away
from the sept as she does in the sept. She is kind to humans,
though she is cruel to them in the presence of other Red
Talons. She secretly desires moving to a large city, but
knows this is next to impossible, Still, she has not yet ruled
out the possibility.

Background: Stands-Like- Mountain was born toa wolf
pack in the Northern Territories. She was found by a pack
of Red Talons. Shortly afterwards, all burone were killed by
a Pentex First Team. The Red Talons turned her over to
Storm-Chaser, an old ally. He knew he was going to get
vengeance, and he figured he might not return. He didn't.
Stands-Like-Mountain became part of the Weeping
Daughter's Sept. She has since been a firm supporter of
taking the fightto the Wyrm, butunlike
does not favor murdering humans unnecessarily.

ands-Li


She trusts and respects Heart-of: Winter, but believes he
does not like her at all due to his distant personality. She
loves Storm-Chaser as the father she never had, and she
looks to him for advice and training. She gets along with
Eater-of-Bears and is the closest thing to a friend this
rebellious Garou has. She believes Greasy-Fur will one day
be a great leader and hero of the Garou, but he must first
overcome his inexperience.

Greasy-Fur, Gamma Male

Position: Keeper of the Land, Guardian

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Nature / Demeanor: Maker / Cub

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
ance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 1, Intimidation 2,
Primal-Urge 3, Animal Ken 2, Melee 2, Stealth 5, Survival 4,
Enigmas 1

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2, Pure Breed 5

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Scent of
Running Water, The Falling Touch

Rage 7, Gnosis 3, Willpower 6

Rank: |

Rites: None

Fetishes: None

Image: In Lupus form, Greasy-Fur is a fat black wolf. His
hairissoshiny that it does look greasy. He movesslowly and
has a stocky build. In Homid form, he is 5' 11" and weighs
270 pounds. He has long, straight black hair. He enjoys his
Homid form, and often uses it. He has a large collection of

human clothes so he can go into town. He appears to be in
his late teens.

Roleplaying Notes: Greasy-Fur desires to one day lead
his sept. However, he knows he has a long road ahead of
him. He will not make his move until he knows he is ready.
Until then, he is obedient. He can be cocky and occasion-
ally acts too impulsively, but he is very brave and possesses
the keen ability to recognize personality flaws in others,
which he uses to his advantage

Background: Greasy-Fur was found alone in the woods
about 60 miles north of the caemn. He was given the Rite of
Passage alone and was eventually accepted. He seemed to
bea slow learner until a pack of Black Spirals attacked the
caern. This was the first time he came face-to-face with
death. It frightened him because he was so unskilled. He
was almost killed, but Stands-Like-Mountain saved him.
Since that time, he has put a great deal of effort into
becoming the best Garou he can be.

He hopes to one day lead the sept, but he also knows that
will take time. He respects Heart-of-Winteras.a leader, but
fears him. He sees Storm-Chaser as over-the-hill and weak,

but Storm-Chaser still has his uses. He sees Eater-of- Bears
as the member of the sept with the most freedom, the one
who fits his image ofa good Red Talon, but he does not trust
her. He highly respects Stands-Like-Mountain and is in-
fatuated with her, despite the fact thathe had to take on her
duties as Keeper of the Land (he has to keep the Garou
burial mounds clean).

Lawson, Alaska

Now, inside this place we hide away, we here itnear although
it's miles away. We hear it near and hope it turns away. Turn
away...

— 10,000 Maniacs, "Tolerance"

Lawson has a population of 3,700. Despite its small
population, there are plenty of strange individuals and
places that might make their way into a Werewolf story. A
group of characters could easily makea quick trip into town.
Here are a few possibilities.

Vorgus Meat Processing Company

This meat processing plant has been operating for two
years now. At least two of the nine employees are fomori of
limited power. One fomor, Michael Fishbane, enjoys rais-
ing hamsters and guinea pigs, which he eats alive. He also
possesses the power to make others vomit on command.
The other fomor, Rachel Rain, is the plant secretary and
can squeeze acid out of her breasts. She also has nasty,
necrophilic relations with farm animals.

The plant will register to any Garou using Sense Wyrm.
The place is filled with rotting corpses ranging from moose
and seals to missing children. The plant is well-guarded by
Pentex-programmed Banesand large Wyrm-corrupted hus-
kies.

Rats Comic Book, Bait, and
Tackle Shop

This establishment, owned by Ralph Needlemeyer, ca-
ters to both the fishing and comic collecting elements of
Lawson society, providing the finest hand-made lures, fresh
bait and hard-to-find comic collectibles around. The Black
Spirals of the mountains come in every few weeks to pick up
the new Idol and Marble comics they've grown to love and
indulge in some tasty snacks. Greasy-Fur also shops here.

Wiggly Mart

Wiggly Mart, at the comer of Spinely Way and Main
Street, is the only grocery store for miles and miles. Felix
Nix, the butcher, isacannibal who makes frequent trips out
of town on weekends to pick up hitchhikers. He then
murders and eats them (and occasionally sells them). He
has yet to run into Eater-of-Bears, the Ragabash homid-
killer, who often poses as a hitchhiker to draw in her prey.

84 Caerns: Places of Power


CD 7 Lawson

TV Tisa local tation with no majornetworkaffiliations.
All the programming is done by the people of Lawson.
Shows include: Farming with Ray, The Black Power Fish-
ing Hour with Mustapha Alajawan, Dr. Yuganoff's World
of the Strange-Yet-Natural, The Model Builder's Club,
televised Society for Creative Anachronism meetings,
Cooking with Running-Bear, Country Line Dancing at the
Beavertail Roadhouse, The Sunday Devotional with Brother
Eddie, Hunting with Grisly Addans, and the popular weekly
Bobsled Racing program.

The Monastery of Saint Anselm

The brothers of St. Anselm's found a location suitable
for their ascetic needs on the outskirts of this small Alaskan
town. There are currently 17 monks at the monastery. The
building is one of the few left standing from the original
town of Lawson. Part of the monastery has been closed off
since that time; word has it there is something behind the
walls the monks do not wish to disturb. The monastery is
also the location for the only Christian cemetery nearby.
There are many interesting gothic grave-stones. Obscure
noises are commonly heard after sunsetarising from behind
the locked gates.

The Outer Fringes

Few people are brave enough to live outside of town. It
is said that roving wolf packs are not aftaid to attack armed
men. Although wolves do not normallyattack humans, this
rumor is actually true— in Lawson. Eatet-of- Bears is driv-
ing her Kinfolk into losing their fear ofhumans. Even more
sinister are the "Walkers", the frequent UFO abductions
and the occasional wandering Wyrm creatures.

Dr. Yossif Yuganoff, a ex-Soviet naturalist who lives
outside town, is studying the wolves. He does not know ity
but he isa Silver Fang who has nevermade his transforma-
tion. His Kin Fetch was lost, and thus no Garou found
Yossif. In the last few monthsyhis study of the wolves has
degenerated into an attempt to join.them on some level,
but he has yet to discover how.

The Verner Estate

Alfred Verner brought his fatnily and his great wealth to
Alaska, where he founded the original town of Lawson. He
had his antebellum masion moved from-Alabama to
Alaska, anid it still stands today as one of the few original
buildings of Lawson.

The mansion/Wwas left alone for some unknown reason
during the destruction of the first town, as if some force was
protectingit. Today, the peculiardescendants of the Verner
family still inhabit the estate, which isnow avoided by most

of the people in town as a strange place. The Verner estate
is quite large, but most of the sheds, stables and gardens are
ina state of decay. The Verner family, considering itself to
be superior to others, has its own family cemetery on the
estate. There isalsoa pond in which more than one member
of the family has drowned.

The family consists of Delilah Verner-Braun, the cur-
rent matriarch of the family. She is age 81 and has outlived
her husband (who died of poisoning) by 25 years. Her son,
Charles, is a 47-year-old man who never married. He has
lived on the estate since birth, and he is the only member
of the family who goes into town regularly. Fulton Verner,
brotherof Delilah, is 94 years old and totally insane. He has
never recovered from the Great War (and it seems that
insanity is a common curse among the family). Abigail-
Lynn, great-granddaughter of Fulton, came to live at the
estate after her parents were killed-on safari. She dislikes
the family and fears Delilah spending most of her time in
her room. Horace Vérner, a 33-year-old cousin, also lives
on the estate, but little is known about him other than the
fact he is a brilliant scientist who cannot find work due to
his unorthodox thinking and former experiménts. Legend
has it, at least one member of the family spenthis entire life
locked inthe basementafter committing unspeakable acts.

Weird? People of Lawson

Thereare otherstrange people of note residing in Lawson.
Jim Tauttelbaum, who manages the only fast food restau-
rant in town, is supposedly Jim Morrison. He bares a
striking resemblance to the famed lead singer of the Doors,
and those who have visited his home have noticed photo-
graphs and other nostalgia supporting this claim.

Another particularly noticeable character is Robert
Neighbors, a long-time science-fiction fan and comic col-
lector. Robert is often seen in the guise of Dr. Where, the
hero ofa poorly-done British sci-fi show. He occasionally
appears in other not-so-noteworthy costumes.

Thereisalsoasquad of militant lesbian eco-warriors who
base their operations in Lawson. The five women in the
group often start fights among the less environmentally-
‘conscious patrons of the Beavertail Roadhouse.

One final group worth noting are the teenagers who form
the local Black Dog: gaming group. This group of seven
hardcore gamers have entrenched themselves in a Black
‘Dog game called Lyeanthrope: The Rapture. They believe
there really are werewolves in the woods of Lawson. They
have contacted various government organizations, but they
have yet to be taken seriously. Afterall, they're just teenage
gaming gecks with no real evidence. However, their story
has been featured on Spottings, a show concerning the
supernatural, on Omnibus TV. Some werewolf hunters
may have seen it.

Red Talons: Alaska


Caerns: Places of Power


The Sept of Ichijyo
Movoribashi

Caern: Ichijyo Modoribashi Bridge, Kyoto, Japan
Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3

‘Type: Caern of the Homeland (see below)

Tribal Structure: Restricted to the Hakken (Shadow
Lords), Nine-Tails (Kitsune werefoxes) and very few se-
lected human On-Myo Sorcerers.

Totem: Various Shinto Kami (spirits)

Geography

The caer is located at the Ichijyo Modoribashi Bridge,
near the intersection of Ichijyo Street and Horikawa Av-
enue. It is a 10 to 20 minute walk from the Imadegawa
station of the Karasumaru subway line. A' bus from the
Kyoto bullet train station i: lable; the fare is 150 to 250
yen. It is also a 10 to 20 minute walk from the old Japanese
capital and Kyoto City Hall.

Bawn and Center

Because this is a shrine in the center of the city, humans

enter the caernall the time without knowing it. The center

by Hidenobu Jzumi and

Shadow Lords: Japan

Kenneth Mayer

of the caer is the bridge, but there are certain problems
conducting moots where cars pass frequently, so most rites
are conducted within the shrine next to the bridge or,
sometimes during moonlessnights, under the bridge. (Many
Nine-Tails have the ability to become invisible at night
when hidden from moonlight.)

Caern of the Homeland

Ichijyo Modoribashi caern is linked to the land about
it more deeply than most caerns; itis tied to the culture
and history of Japan. The caern's closeness to the
supernatural world of Japan allows it to minimize the
Gauntlet, allowing communication with any gods, spir-
itsordemons who may choose to listen. Any summoning
spells or rituals conducted here have their difficulty
reduced by two.

The gateway to the spirit world here is so open that
even humans may open the caer and use its power for
gaining wisdom and insight into the soul of Japan or
their own souls. Only the most devout and clear-
minded of individuals are considered worthy of
enlightenment. Nonetheless, many ha
cated with their gods or local spirits. Humans who come
to the shrine to meditate may gain a vision from the
land. It is up to the Storyteller to arbitrate this special
form of enlightenment

'e communi-


The Shrine

The adjacent shrine, Seimei Jinjya, is dedicated to the
greatest sorcerer in Japanese history, Abe-no-Seimei, who
is supposed to have assisted the Imperial Court during the
11th and 12th centuries. Legends tell us that he used this
nerals, his
spirit servants. The Nine-Tails claim that Abe Seimei was
a Nine-Tail. Some question this declaration, since the
supposed descendants of the Abe clan, the Tsuchimikado
clan, are definitely human.

caern often for summoning the Twelve Godly

On-Myo-do and Jyu-Kin-do sorcery are Japanese schools

ofsorcery thataccessspi

s, both corrupted and uncorrupted;
these sorceries are used by both Nine-Tails and humans.
This is why some trusted hum

access to the caern by the Nine-

Umbrascape

On the Umbra, the caern is more serene and beautiful
than in the physical world. No cars travel the bridge, but
spirits wander by on foot or pushing carts before them. The

in sorcerers are allow

ails.

city still exists around the bridge, but it is also more
beautiful, as if it has achieved its ideal perfection here
However, once one goes around the comer of a building
and out of sight of the caern, the inevitable stamp of the
Wyrm and Weaver can be seen. The buildings are slightly
g above the streets, and the sounds

more ominous, towerir
of traffic become overpowering, even though no cars can be
seen.

History

The Ichijyo Modoribashi Bridge Caern encompasses the
n the
territory of the Kitsune, or"Nine-Tails", arace of werefon
In 1945, however, the Hakken, a clan of Japanese
Lords who lost their battle against the Kindred in Tokyo,
fled to Kyoto and the safety of the caern. The Nine-Tails
and the H
and formed an alliance against the vampires. The two
groups of shapechangers have a history of bloody conflict
stretching back to the "warring states" period of Japanese
history, but the coalition so far has been a stable and
successful one. They rule the caern together.

adjacent Seimei Shrine and has traditionally be

Shadow

ken recognized that they had acommon enemy

The Kitsune have been the traditional protectors of this
caern for centuries. The caern lies in the center of Kyoto,
but the shrine precinct is surrounded by willows and other

trees, giving the area a pleasing air of harmony between

nature and civiliz

ion.

The old Imperial Court of Japan lies nearby, also a
common dating spot for local college students from Do Shi
Sha University. Because of this very public nature of its
location, it is difficult for creatures like vampires or rival
Garou to orchestrate an armed takeover, as they do not
want their activities observed by humans.

There are two forces aiming for takeover of the caern.
The first, the Bushi clan of Japanese vampires (see Dark

88 Caerns: Places of Power

Alliance: Vancouver for details on this clan), rose to power
at the end of the Warring States period in the 16th century
with the powerful warlord Oda Nobunaga as their leader.
Nobunaga is known by historians for his progressive gov-
ernment, the introduction of free economic competition
and his semi-Western, logic-based philosophy and tactics.
He was ruthless in war, using muskets and other new
technologies of the time for mass extermination of his more
traditional opponents (who often employed cavalry tac-
tics). His strength, cunning and prowess in battle seemed
inhuman (and, in fact, were), and more than one observer

of the time suspected supernatural involvement in his

succe:

After Nobunaga was killed by being "pierced through
the heart by an arrow and burned to death," the Hakken
and the Nine-Tails, in cooperation with the Tokugawa
shogunate, conducted a campaign disguised by an anti-
Western, anti-Christian inquisition todestroy the vampires.
They tried to keep Western influence and technology from
corrupting Japan, but when the Tokugawa shogunate fell,
the tide shifted in favor of the Bushi. Long-oppressed
vampires started to fight back, gaining a foothold in a
rapidly Westernizing Japan. Some rumors have been spread-
ing that Nobunaga, now considered a god by Japanese
Kindred, has risen from torpor, but this information re-
mains unconfirmed

Garou from the United States, led by the Shadow Lords,
are also trying to take the caer. The Western Shadow
Lords came to Japan with the U.S. military during the end
of the occupation period. They quickly started to establish
a power base in Tokyo city, securing a position in the
Japanese underground during the sixties. Their greatest
weakness in the war against the Kindred was their lack ofa
major caern in Japan, but they soon learned of the
Kyoto. With a haughty bigotry that many Japan\
sider characteristic of Americans, the Shadow Lords decided
that they had a right to the caern because they were
conducting a war against the vampires, ostensibly in the
name of Gaia.

By skillful political manipulation— the hallmark of
their tribe— the Shadow Lords managed to start a covert
but nonetheless large-scale war between the Nine-Tails
and the Kindred. They planned to take the caern while the
Nine-Tails were preoccupied with the war. Defense of
Ichijyo Modoribashi seemed scant until the Western Garou
started the raid; the Shadow Lords lost quite a few of their
notable warriors and a score of younger werewolves before
the carefully placed traps and thaumaturgical mi
Nine-Tails.

Since then, the Shadow Lords have conducted several

‘aern in

con-

tof the

unsuccessful takeover attempts. The Nine-Tails have since
signed a truce with the Bushi, with the Japanese Shadow

Lords in concordance.

Shadow Lords: Japan


The Garou in Japan

Long ago, during great Garou migrations, members of
several tribes found their way to Japan. They mingled with
the populace, and now they are so thoroughly interbred
that, for all practical genetic and social purposes, they are

completely Japanese. These tribes included the Shadow
Lords, Stargazers and, much later, Bone Gnawers and Glass
Walkers. Japanese legends include stories of great warlords
being protected by elite wolf-men warriors. Their belief in
Gaia has evolved into the same sort of respect for "cosmic
harmony" held by many others, including the Kitsune, but
that balance remains personified in the Mother of All
Things. For the most part, Eastern Garou are much like
their Western counterparts. The only real differences are
the result of their influences from human culture and
society. The Shadow Lords of Japan have changed drasti-
cally

The Japanese Shadow Lords could almost be considere
a separate bloodline from their Western brethren. The
and while they
are far less concerned with

take their roles as guardians very seriously,

are by no means guileless, they
petty power struggles and political gains. They are by far the
strongest Garou tribe in Japan, though geometrically in-
creas

and greater power. When they do resort to political maneu-
vering, they are characte

ng industrialization is giving the Glass Walkers greater

1 by a patience and subtlety

that makes the most careful, crafty American or European

Shadow Lord appear as a lumbering barbarian. Shadow

Lord plans often span generations.
events in motion which even his gr
not see come to fruition.

One leader will put
grandchildren many

However, they see themselves as the samurai of the
shapechangers and are primarily concerned with maintain
ing their protectorates. While they share the same Gifts as
their Western equivalents, they feel far more kinship with
Japanese humans than with Western Garou. They resent
the intrusions of these "barbarians". They are determined
to prevent further incursions while fighting the increasing
corruption from the Wyrm in the form of industrialization
and Kindred fecundity. There are too few of them to
respond with simple violence, so they have switched tactics
to a constant cat-and-mouse game with their enemies.
Perhaps they have a far-reaching plan that they are smoke
screening with their small skirmist
peace with the other metahumans of the archipelago have
dulled their instincts. In any case, they could not have
come across any other enemy so like themselves, and yet so
totally ignorant of their heritage and destiny

or perhaps decades of

There is a small faction of Uktena who are descended
from the Ainu, the aboriginal peoples of Japan. While the
Ainu for the most part
(unlike, for
have m

hibit few separatist tendencies
<ample, the Basques in Spain), Ainu Uktena
cde several forays into gaining independence and a
homeland for their people. While they have remained
weak for centuries, there is evidence that the Ainu are

oy Sule,
Es "Sh

forging alliances with other discontented groups in Japan,
both supernatural and mundane, in an effort to gain the
power to achieve their ends. They have little contact with
the Japanese majority Garou, and loathe the aristocratic
Kitsune (Nine-Tails), but there have been rumors of Ainu
werewolves con

ting the Western Garou, whose inter-
ests seem to coincide with their own... for now.

The Supernatural

Community

The island of Ja
different supernatural beings. Each spirit is tied strongly to
the land of its origin and generally refrains from entering
the territory of another. If a human sorcerer kills too many
spirits without a mandate to do so, vengeance will be

is split into countless domains of

also applies to spirits that cause needless
harm to the human community. The Nine-Tails are the
enforcers of this unwritten law of balance. The Kindred,
separated by their Embrace from any sense of the effect they
¢ having on their world, killed many humans and spirits
alike and ravaged the homeland of the Hakken Shadow
Lords. Now they face the wrath of all Japan

The Sept

Personalities: Shadow Lords
(Hakken)

Chikara Sakaki

Position: Sept Leader

Br

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Hakken Shadow Lords

Nature / Demeanor: Caregiver / Director

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
2, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Primal-Urge 4,
Melee (Kendo) 5, Leadership 2, Stealth 3, Kailindo 3,
Linguistics 1, Occult 2, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: None

Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, F:
Razor Claws; (2) Luna's Armor, $
Fray; (3) He:

Rage 6, C

Rank: 4

Rites: None

Fetishes: None

Image: Chikara is a stocky athletic type in his early
twenties, and may or may not be carrying a gargantuan

w

Homid

ral Flaw, Persuasion,
aredown, Spirit of the
+ of Fury; (4) Open Wounds

Snosis 4, Willpower 7

Shadow Lords: Japan

katana in his canvas sack (it is illegal to carry a sword in
public).

Roleplaying Notes: Children learn kendo (Japanese
fencing) from Chikara, and they love his smile. He is
cheerful and fun to be around. But when he is enraged, his
heritage as a tru

Background: Chi
champion of variou
judo and kendo. He was surprised to li
kendo masters that he was not a human, but he never felt
. He entered Nippon University and studied
teaching. He has a second life as one of the leaders of the
Hakken Garou, but it is only secondary to him. He sees
himself'as an educator. A few Western Shadow Lords who
heard about his peaceful self-image laughed, until they had
their heads removed by a six-foot katana.

Katsutoshi Hongo

Position: Caern Warder

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Hakken SI

Nature / Demeanor: Bravo / Director

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/5), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Brawl 3, Empathy 4, Expression 3, Intimida-
5, Subterfuge 4, Drive 2,

adow Lord becomes evident.

a has a glorious history as a student
rate, aikido,
earn from one of his

artial arts, such as

ashamed of

adow Lords

tion 5, Primal-Urge 2, Stre

Firearms 2, Leadership 4, Computer 3, Investigation 3, Law 4,
Politics 5
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Resour

Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, Persuasion, Truth of
Gaia; (2) Staredown; (3) Icy Chill of Dispair; (4) Roll
Over; (5) Assimilation, Geas, Obedience

5, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 4

nosis 3, Willpower 6

Rites: None
None

atsutoshi is a walking example (or perhaps
parody) of an urban Yakuza boss. A spotless white suit,
expensive shoes and sunglasses make him look the part. He
is an average-sized man in his sixties, still active and
energetic, with an aura of presence and leadership. As a
wolf, he has a patch of white fur on his chest.

Fetishes:

Roleplaying Notes: Katsutoshi is a cunning mob boss,
yet not completely evil. He has his own code of morals;
many do not agree with them. (He's similar in some ways
The Godfather.")

Background: He was born intoa very
family. When his father died, Katsutoshi'
tried to "ers

to Vito Corleone in
influential Yakuza
‘ounger brother
him. Katsutoshi was lying in the back alleys
of Shinjuku, bleeding profusely from gunshot wounds,
me and showed the young man his birthright
olf. After his wounds healed, he used his Crinos
bulk to kill his brother. Nowhe leads a small but influential
Yakuza group which only Garou may join. He recently
moved his turf from Tokyo to Osaka when a large Yakuza
group led by vampires took over his z
venge

Personalities: Nine-Tails

Ayaka Jinnai

Position: Guardian

Breed: Kojin (Homid)

Path: Eji (Warrior)

Nature / Demeanor: Lone Wolf / Autist

Attributes: Strength 2 (2/2/3/2), Dexterity 5 (5/6/8/9),
Stamina 1 (1/3/4/3), Charisma 2, Manipulation 5 (3/4/3/4),
Appearance 5 (3/0/5/5), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3, Melee 5, Stealth 4, Survival 2,
Computer 1, Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3 (Written Chinese,
Ancient Japanese), Occult 3, Rituals 1

Backgrounds
Mentor 5

Jyu-ho: (1) Resist Pain, Seduction, Sense Hostility; (2)
Bolt, Enduring Warrior, Moon Dance; (3) Walking Be-
ween Worlds; (4) Clenched Jaw

Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

Rank / Tails: 4

Rites: Talisman Dedication

Alllies 4 (spirits), Resources 3, Contacts 2,

92 Caerns: Places of Power


Fetishes: None
Image: A tall (5' 11") woman with an unapproachable
beauty. She prefers black and purple clothing and wears a
golden moon-shaped locket. She stares at it when she is
bored. Her black hair is cut short around her neck. In fox
form, her fur is a gl

ing gold and has a strip of silver
extending from her temple to the base of her tail
Roleplaying Notes: Ayaka feels she is alone in the
world, the tragic result of losing many loved ones in her
youth, She may succumb to sincere affection more easily
than most might think, butshe can always tell a fake. When
she is truly upset, others may s
hidden
as calm beings. She is an exception.

side of her that is usually

an explosive rage. Nine-Tails are usually known

Background: Ayaka never knew her father and lost her

mother when she was only se

en. She grew up lonely
among a family that hated her, until she met a young Jyu-
Kin-Dou sorcerer. She knew little of her destiny as a
Nine-Tail, and promised her love to him. He became
possessed by the spirit of an ancient sorcerer, and Ayaka
killed him to save his soul. Although largely wary of
affection, her true love is her mentor, K;

This f

to more immediate concerns. As a guar:

mi Hinatsune.

ling is kept well hidden for now, as she must attend

an of the caern,

she is one of the most feared of the Foxes among her
opponents,

Shadow Lords: Japan

Kazami Hinatsune

Position: Master of the Rite, Gatekeeper, Master of the
Challenge

Breed: Kojin (Homid)

Path: Doshi (Sorcerer)

Nature / Demeanor: Autist / Lone Wolf

Attributes: Strength 1 (1/1/2/1), Dexterity 4 (4/5/7/8),
Stamina 1 (1/3/4/3), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (1/2/1/2),
Appearance 5 (3/0/5/5), Perception 5, Intellect 5, Wits 4

Abi Alertness 4, Dodge 2, Empathy
Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 5, Firearms 3, Leadership 3, Stealth 3,
Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Occult 5, Politics 2, Rituals 5

Background

, Intimidation 3,

Allies 5 (spirits), Resources 4

Jyu-ho: (1) Blessing the Blade, Mindspeak, Seduction,
Spirit Speech; (2) Command Spirit, Moon Dance; (3) Call
of the Dead, Parchment of Banishment, Pulse of the Invis-
ible, Sw Walking Between Worlds; (4)
Forgetfulness; (5) The Malleable Spirit

m of

rvants,

Rage 7, Gnosis 7
Rank / Tails: 5
Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of

Summoning, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Opened Bridge,

Rite of Caern Opening

 Dokko (Level 5, Gnosis 4; a Dokko is a

cer. This daggerhas three short blades on both

power 9

ends of the handle. Ona successful melee attack, along with

93


the expenditure of a Gnosis point, it bites into the flesh of
the opponent and will remain imbedded. The sorcerer can
cast spells at the victim through the dagger, no matter how
far the target may run. If the dagger is pulled out of the
victim's body, it causes two health levels of damage, but the
"homing effect" is negated. If the owner ever loses the
dagger, he will find it among his possessions after three
days.)

Image: Extremely tall (6' 3"), pale, gaunt and yet myste-
riously handsome man who looks to be in his late 20s,
except that his eyes look aged and wise. His actual age is
over eighty. He prefers a black business suit; it gives him a
look as if he were in mourning.

Roleplaying Notes: Kazami always seems to know what
you are thinking. He does not speak much and is aloof and
expressionless most of the time. When he does deign to say
something, he talks somewhat like a Hollywood "wise old
Oriental."

Background: Kazami attained the position of Nine-Tail
"elder" quite early in his career (the honorific is based on
power, not age). He is the Master of the Rite, Gatekeeper
and Master of the Challenge of Ichijyo Modoribashi, but,
seemingly irresponsibly, he is usually travelling around
Japan with or without Ayaka, for reasons known only to
him. The actual gatekeeping and rite mastering is for the
most part done by a human sorcerer, who takes care of the
Seimei Shrine as a part of the human community as well.
He rarely speaks about himself, but he has seen life and
death on many occasions and in many guises. That has
hardened him considerably.

Personalities: Western Garou

Andrei Zjarkov, "Horns-of-Lightning'

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Shadow Lords

Nature / Demeanor: Predator / Alpha

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Abilities: Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Empathy 4, Expression 3,
Intimidation 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4, Primal-Urge 4,
Drive 3, Etiquette 4, Firearms 5, Melee 5, Leadership 5, Law 3,
Linguistics 3, Politics 4, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Pure Breed 3, Resources 4,
Contacts 3

Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, Resist Pain, Smell of
Man; (2) Staredown; (3) Disquiet, Paralyzing Stare, Weak
Arm; (4) Roll Over, Strength of the Dominator; (5) Geas,
Obedience

Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Willpower 10

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caern, Ritual of Summoning

Fetishes: None

Image: Andrei always has his blond hair combed neatly
and is well-dressed. He gives the impression of a likable
person, but those with good perception may be able to
discern his venomous personality.

Roleplaying Notes: Speak like a cool, suave KGB agent.
Andrei can act charming better than most people can, but
he is sadistic and unmerciful. Even when Andrei is killing
or torturing, his soft, amiable smile never leaves his face.

Background: His achievements in the Shadow Lord
community are more than glorious. He has strengthened
the Shadow Lords as a tribe by leading many campaigns in
the United States and Europe against the Silver Fangs and
other tribes. The life he has led seems to be proof of social
Darwinism. At the age of 26, he is only a step away from
being the leader of his sept. His last obstruction to this goal
is the Ichijyo Modoribashi Caern, the caern that his tribe
has failed to take on countless occasions for the past three
decades. Andrei and his advisors recently replaced the
incompetent commander of the Garou stationed in Tokyo.
Andrei has a reputation as an extremely capable leader as
well as a warrior, and, along with his four advisors, he is one
of the most feared Garou, even among his own tribe.

Story Joeas

1. Northeast isan unlucky direction. The Demon's Gate
is northeast of the caern. On the northwest hill of Kyoto,
Hiei Temple served to guard this unholy direction. Vam-
pires are gathering to destroy the temple and are leading a
Bane into Kyoto todestroy the caer of Ichijyo Modoribashi.
There are rumors that Black Spiral Dancer shamans are
involved, but neither the Foxes nor the Hakken have ever
heard of them; only the Western Shadow Lords know about
them, and they are at war with the caern leaders.

2. ANine-Tail was found badly wounded in Kyoto city.
His last word before he died was "Hakken". The relation-
ship between the two races has started to deteriorate. The
elders do not know that although the murderer was a

Shadow Lord, he was not a Hakken...

3. "Within the Rajyo city gates lived a Demon. He came
out only after the sun went down and devoured many
people of the city of Kyoto. A brave samurai challenged the
demon, and he managed to sever the demon's right arm.
The demon fled, but he comes back in Kyoto aftersundown
from time to time to retrieve his arm. Children should be
put to bed early, because the demon is looking for them to
feed upon." From one of the old houses of Kyoto, a mummi-
fied severed arm from an unknown creature is found. The
Rajyo gate was destroyed long ago, and the site is now a
playground...

4. The Prince of Japan is visiting Kyoto for his marriage
ceremony. A Hakken Garou becomes aware that the prin-
cess is a demon in disguise. The party must find the real
princess before the marriage ceremony, but an unknown
group of Garou intervenes

94 Caerns: Places of Power

Shadow Lords: Japan


Caerns: Places of Power


Sept of the
heel of Ptah

Caern: Casat

Level: 5

Gauntlet: 3

Type

Tribal Structure: Open, controlled by the Silent Strid-
ers.

Totem: Ptah, Opener of the Way:

anca, Morocco

: Crossroads

Ptah is an Incarna spirit who chooses to manifest his
5 this
s the

power in a special remple consecrated to his pow.
temple forms the center of the caern. Whether th
ancient deity that the Egyptians revered or only a fragment
of the old god, Ptah is quite literally the power behind the
caer. Without him, the caern would immediately go
fallow.

Geography

Morroco lived under both French and Spanish rule until
it gained its independence in 1956. It is a Muslim country
at the crossroads of the Eastern and Western worlds and is
emerging politically as a Muslim power. Moroccan troops
participated in the anti-Iraq activities during the Gulf War
Its primary religion is Islam, and its prime

ry language is

Silent Striders: Casablanca

Arabic, although the Berber minority (the native people)
constitutes one-third of the population. It is a constitu-
tional monarchy, currently ruled by King Hassan Il and

Prime Minister / ine Laraki,

Casablanca is the largest city in the country of Morocco
and the second largest city in Africa, It was founded by the
Portuguese in 1468 on the site of the ancient city of Anfa.
nd

was subsequently rebuilt. It is perhaps one of the world's

The city was nearly destroyed in 1755 by an earthquak

fastest growing cities, forming fully fifty percent of Morocco's

GNP.

Bawn

The Mosque of Anfa is an ancient building that has
changed hands many times over the centuries. It has been
rebuilt time and again. The bawn of the
the walls of the Mosque, although mort
(from spyholes in the towers and the walls) as they walk
down the streets around the Mosque. Garou with the Gifts:
Sense the Unnatural or Sense Wyrm scan every visitor that
ch. Arabic Kinfolk serve in the
nd it is a legitimate place of pre

aern extends to

Is are watched

walks through the main

Mosque,

Down the street from Anfa Mosque is Siduri's Cafe, an
American-style nightclub,
to the Hotel du Jasmin, Both of these establishments are
owned and operated by Berber Silent Strider Kinfolk. Max
Capra is the bartender and owner of Siduri's. His wife,

ern and restaurant next door

97


Crossroads Caern

The Wheel of Ptah Caern is unique in its nature. The
caem itself was not built like other caerns were. Rather,
the Silent Striders discovered it from a series of riddles
(with the aid of the Stargazer Theurge Sight-of-Sun).
Furthermore, the caern seems to be capable of opening
Moon Bridges of great strength regardless of whether
the way has been prepared. A Pathstone does not have
to be present on the other end. The caern's Master of
the Rite has also discovered a rite which will open
temporary, one-way Moon Bridges to any place he has
studied carefully.

The pathways outlined in the center of the caern
actually create portals and Moon Bridges to places that
have never been explored: ancient caerns thatsleepand
await reawakening, other planes, pocket realms in the
Umbra and other worlds. Because there are an infinite
number of combinations of pathways and their posi-
tions relative to the stars, the crossroads is a cynosure of
gates, portals and Moon Bridges which can never be
fully explored. Not that the Silent Striders (or, when
allowed, the Black Furies) will ever stop trying.

Since the Wheel of Prah is at a crossroads between
Africa, Australia, Asia and Europe, it sees much of the
cross-continental traffic from Garou on Moon Bridging
errands. Its chiminage is relatively inexpensive, and its
hostelry is well-appreciated

Siduri, is the head chef and general manager of the hotel.
"afe is considered the Garou meeting-place of

Siduri's Ci
choice, and many Garou travellers of all kinds find them-
selves sampling the Middle Eastern shawarma, majadra,
shish kabob and baba ghanoug alongside the American
burgers and fries, steak and potatoes. (Hot American pi
can be had every Tuesday night; Max has a Ragabash friend
who picks them up in New York for him and Moon Bridges
with them across the Atlantic in time for dinner).

Those Garou having Max as a Contact (cost: 3) have
access to an immense amount of gossip, hard news and
speculation about the goings-on of Garou all over the
world. He hears it all. Siduri's is watched over carefully by
the bouncer Ashante, a Silent Strider Ahroun who usually
pulls day watch duty at the mosque. Siduri offers a number
of special services for travelling Garou, including a messag-
ing service and a map store. It's said that, for a fee, Siduri
can set up a Garou with an alternate human identity,
complete with a new passport and papers.

S

Also hidden in the same block as Siduri's is the Quiet
House, a secret Silent Striders tavern. Only Silent Striders
know where the bar is located (and only they know the
secret pass-phrase). Its entrance is concealed and may
actually be partially in the Umbra. Members of other tribes
are only welcome if accompanied (some say chaperoned)
by a Silent Strider. If you know the location of the bar, and

if you know the secret pass-phrase (some say it's as simple
as "I'm looking for a Quiet House...") then you can get in
to one of the most fascinating Garou bars in the world.
Silent Striders from all over the world congregate here, and
they are known to be quite talkative (despite the name of
the bar, it is quite a noisy place). Some say that a powerful
spirit of secrecy protects the bar, and it's true that people
who overhear secrets within often have trouble remember-
ing them later (increase recollection difficulty by 2).

Center

The center of the caern is the Wheel of Ptah itself. This
room is ancient, possibly built by Egyptian priests in the old
times. It isa cylindrical chamber. The ceiling and walls are
a deep onyx studded with points of white light; when
viewed from the center of the wheel, one can easily see the
night sky as it might be viewed from this spot. The place is
inherently magical in nature. The stars themselves change
position asthe progression of the equinoxes changes. Streak-
ingout from the center of the wheel are many softly glowing
paths. The paths are of different brightness and colors and,
even though some of them are spiral and convoluted, they
all terminate at some point in the far wall. These paths are
walkways that each lead to a gateway portal.

Inaway, the Wheel of Ptah isa crossroads for many kinds
of pathways, not just Moon Bridges. Itisa focal point for the
power of Ptah in his guise as the Traveller of the Ways and

98 Caerns: Places of Power


the Opener of the Gates. The Archivist of the caern has on
record copies of the scrolls, hieroglyphs, maps and inscrip-
tions which led to the discovery of this sacred place by the
Silent Striders.

Those using Rite of the Opened Caern within the caern
bounds will discover that the rite allows them to go into a
deep communication with Prah himself. This communion
allows them to ask one question of the mighty Incarna and
possibly have it answered. The answer might be a riddle.
Prah will not answer another question until the questioner
s the caern by Moon Bridge and comes back another
day. He will usually not answer another question if the
previous answer is still not understood and/or acted upon.

Landmarks

A secluded, protected courtyard protects the Fountain of
a Thousand Grieving Battles. Whenever there is a great
tragic Garou battle in the world, the fountain runs as red as
blood. Drinking the water during this time will allow those
with the Gift: Sight from Beyond to see the aftermath of the
battle, no matter how far away it is. Lately, the bloody
battles taking place in the Amazon and Russia have caused
the fountain to run red many times. Some say that this
fountain hassome kind of strange spirit connection with an

leat

Umbral realm called the "Battleground," where battles
from history are continually replayed.

Beneath the mosque are catacombs with honored Garou
dead, and two Ahrouns from the sept act as an honor guard
on thearch to the stairway down below. From timeto time,
hold spirit vigils to communicate with the ances-
tors, but this is only done with the permission of the
Warder.

A secret archway leads to a spiral staircase which de-
scends into a chamber branching into three passages. One
passage leads to a well-like opening with a rope ladder
leading down into the Wheel of Ptah. Another passage
leads to the Spring of Visions, a bubbling pool which feeds
the Fountain of a Thousand Grieving Battles. Drinking the
hot water from the Spring of Visions will give wild visions
to the Garou. These visions will be alternately of the past,
present and future, but most of them will be visions of
danger and doom of one kind or another. During the day,
a silver-lined gate closes this chamber. A spirit guardian
watches it continuously: Garou can gain entry to it only by
ern Warder. All those who drink from
the Spring must visit the Archivist to have their vision
recorded.

permission of the

Casablanca -
Silent Striders,
Wheel of Ptah

Silent Striders: Casablanca 99


The third passage leads to the "Garou only" parts of the
caern, devoted to travellersand the like. The outbound and
inbound rooms, the sept offices (including the Archivist's
office) and the traveller's hostelry can be found here.
Despite its primitive look, this level is air-conditioned and
has electricity.

Umbrascape

The Umbra around the Sept of the Wheel of Ptah is a
crossroads domain, a place where many hundreds of portals,
gateways and pathways crisscross. It is impossible to tell
who travels which road in this confusing web-like area
Rising up out of this complex light show of networked
pathways is silent, majestic Ptah himself. His dark eyes
reflect the universe. Even the Web domains around this
area are regularly thwarted by opened Moon Bridges, al-
though the tireless Pattern Spiders continually reweave
them.

History

The tale of the pack that discovered the caern of the
Wheel of Ptah is told at almost every major Moot Rite the
the sept performs. The heroes are three Silent Striders—
Night, Howland Wind (their true names have been lost)—
and one Stargazer, Sight-of-Sun. This pack trekked across
forbidden plains, over tumultuous mountains and through

Caerns: Places of Power

choked jungles to gather the 13 clues which eventually led
them to this place. On the upper floor of the Mosque of
Anfa, there is a small shrine honoring these clues. Unfor-
tunately, over the years the sign-stones (hieroglyphic slabs
of rock with the clues engraved in them) have crumbled,
and the 13th one has been lost. The Sept Archivist has had
to settle for displaying the signs under glass. Only one will
be shown at a time.

The Chronicle of the Quest for the Wheel does not state
at what point the caern was raised on this spot; this is
because it is widely believed that the caern was in existence
prior to the coming of the Garou. It is widely believed that
the Wheel of Prah is a "natural" caern, one raised without
rite or ritual. Other theorists believe that the Wheel caern
was raised by the Riddle Quest itself, that somehow the
Quest performed the necessary function of a Rite of Caern
Building, even though it certainly did not require the
traditional sacrifice of Gnosis or harrowing ritu:
gers.

Whatever its origin, the caern has formed the focus for
many of the activities of the Silent Striders. Although it
could be said that this particular caern may not be the
"home caern" of the Silent Striders, it is certainly their
most important one.

The pack met with Ptah himself upon discovering the
hidden, underground temple of the Wheel of Ptah. The
shimmering, faceless figure told them that he would watch
over and protect the caern if they would minister to him

ic dan-


and keep the temple clean and in good maintenance
When Ptah showed the Garou what his temple could da
they readily agreed

Du I times, before the arrival of the invading
Europe: ern flourished in the culture of the Arabic
people who ruled it. It was during this time that the special
traditions concerning the sept began to arise. Because of

gmedie

ns, the

the nature of the city, and the nature of the crossroads here,
eral laws that are, to this

the Garou leadership instated se
day, harshly and quickly enforced

I through the caern are
forced to either remain in the caern's bawn or take the form

First ofall, lupus Garou who tra

of a homid while in the city. This has caused quite a stink
amongst the Red Talons over the centuries, but this rule has
stood firm. There are very few dogs in the city, and no
wolves at all

When the Get of Fenris invaded the caern during World
War Il, the Silent Striders leadership quietly withdrew
their support and vanished through the Whe
gates. Ptah also withdrew his power and, as a result, the

's many

caer itselfimmediately lost power. The Gauntletslammed
down like an iron fist. Moon Bridge rout
collapsed at the s

all across Europe
me time. Suddenly the C
cut off from their support and had to rely on mundane
transportation to get the rest of their forces into the city
Retaining the caern quickly became an impossible propo
sition. Ragabash harriers from the Silent Striders and the
Black F
gates, assisted by Ptah. No amount of cajoling could cause
the great Incarna to return, and so the Get had to admit
defeat, cut their losses and hie it back to the Black Forest
Since then, the C found it very difficult to open a
Moon Bridge to the caern, while Ptah usually asserts his

t were totally

ries began to appear at random intervals through

et hi

power to open Moon Bridges there on a regular basis just to
nnoy the Warder of that sept

After this occurrence, the Wheel of Ptah Sept has
enjoyed a curious reputation and tradition that is nearly
unique in the Garou world: the caern is, by custom, neutral
territory. Even the most bombastic of Garou will not bring
ar to the steps of Anfa Mosque. In fact, it is very rare that
afight between Garou breaks out anywhere near Casablanca
One of the reasons for this custom is that every Garou tribe
needs the Wheel of Ptah almost equally; even the mostly
anti-social Red Talons use it to travel from one pole to the
other. It is well known that if you break the peace at the

Wheel of Ptah, your elders will deal with you most harshly
The Silent Striders are characteristically quiescent about
this custom, yet even they privately will admit to enjoying
it, Still, their wisdom is great; they have not relaxed their
guard one iota. The Wheel of Ptah is as heavily defended as
any other caern on Gaia.

Finally, the Silver Fangs have sent a representative and
delegation to the sept to "keep an eye on things" and "make
sure Gaia's resources aren't being squandered." No one
knows whether this is a power play by the Silver Fangs for
the rich Level Five caern. The caern generates a tremen:

Silent Striders: Casablanca

dous amount of status for the Silent Striders, even though
most of that

‘us is due to the extremely efficient manner
in which they operate the place as a nexus of travel. The
Silent Striders usually accommodate the Silver Fangs, even,
though they frequently request strange and even bizarre
duties from the sept members assigned to assist the Fang's
delegation.

The Sept

The Wheel of Ptah Sept is highly organized. Because the
Silent Striders utilize it as the chief means of covering as
much of Gaia's surface as possible, and because it is able to
give the Striders a broader sphere of influence, only the
wisest of the Striders have been assigned to the sept as
leaders. Serving in any capacity for a time at the caern is
considered a great honor, but the Striders need many of
their best and brightest elsewhere, so they do not stay for
any long period of time.

fect of the caern's central location is that
those afflicted with Harano are sometimes brought out of it
by service at the caern. One may easily discern the level of
activity of the Garou as a whole simply by sitting in the
receiving chamber and watching the different Moon Bridge
parties that pass through. It is heartening to see that there
are Garou all over the world fighting the good fight against
the Wyrm in all its guises.

Accuriousside

102

Another side effect of the caern is that many of those
who have become packless for one reason or another often
find packs that will accept them here. The Children of Gaia
have been allowed to set up a traveller's way station here,
seeing their chance to spread their influence and views by
helping Garou in trouble or in need.

The downside to all of this activity is that Casablanca is
a hotbed of intrigue. Although there are not many open
conflicts aired, the Garou "cold war" rages behind the
scenes, Several tribes, especially the Shadow Lords, have
spies disguised as diplomats, "observers" or advisors that
maintain a continual presence in the caern.

Furthermore, there isa chance that, because of the sheer
volume of use that the Wheel of Ptah sees, the caern will
soon become reduced in power. All of the talen and fetish
chiminage that the Sept receives is sacrificed ata Moot Rite
sending Gnosis to Ptah. It is perhaps only the wisdom of the
sept's leaders which cause the caern to remain so healthy.

Archivist

The Wheel of Ptah Sept has a unique position in its
hierarchy. There isalwaysat leastone Archivist in the sept.
Because so much wisdom has been ported through the
gateways and Moon Bridges that connect to the Wheel of
Ptah, having Archivists to record this wisdom has long
been considered necessary. All of the known path-star
combinations that open gateways in the Wheel of Ptah and
all known instances of visions from the two oracular founts
in the caern are recorded, At any time, a Rank One
Theurge will be on duty in the Archivist's office to docu-
ment testimony.

Cravellers

All travellers arriving at the Wheel of Prah emerge from
their connecting Moon Bridge in a special part of the
mosque that has been prepared for them. Two Ahrouns of
Rank 2 or higher are always on duty here, as is a Philodox
or designated collector for the gathering of chiminage.
Chiminage is decided on a per-person basis, and is purely a
function of what the collector decides to ask. Fortunately
for the traveller, itis usually not very much. The sept prefers
talens or fetishes that they can then sacrifice to Ptah at their
Moot Rite, but they will accept virtually any form of
payment (including credit cards and cash: they're used to
Shadow Lords and Glass Walkers by now).

Because of the amount of traffic into the Wheel of Ptah,
other caerns often have to plan far in advance (through
messages sent by Silent Striders, phone calls and faxes) to
get a "time slot" for opening a Moon Bridge to the caern.
Very rarely, the Warder will authorize "emergency
toa caern in desperate need, but this is not done often, as
it upsets the Moon Bridge schedule for weeks at a time.

access

Regular travellers are not allowed into the Wheel of
Prah itself: that is usually reserved for Silent Striders and
those who have registered with the Warder as official
explorers.

Caerns: Places of Power


Departure

Those departing the caern must make their way to the
outbound area and give their next destination to the
Theurge on duty there. The Theurge is in constant contact
with Ptah and is the initiator of any Moon Bridge that
or

nates from the caern. There are times when the ways

between the caems are blocked. Travellers must then wait,
usually only a few days, for their Moon Bridge connection.
Some, however, wait for as long as a month until a certain
phase of the moon. Sept policy is thata Moon Bridge is only
established and held open for as long as it takes for all those
travelling on itto pass. Then the portal to the Moon Bridge
is closed and will not be opened again until all of the other
travellers waiting their turns have gone.

The sept has a number of small rooms where travellers
¢ able to continue with
their journeys. These are, however, only temporary spaces,
and those intending to stay more than one night must seek
lodging in the city. Because of the mundane traffic into and
out of the mosque, itis relatively easy fora number of Garou

can rest and recuperate until they

to don traditional garb and walk out of the caern without
seeming out of the ordinary

Also, if Garou travelling to the Wheel of Ptah desire it,
they can connect with more mundane means of travel and
still be close to Spain, France and the Mediterranean.

Personalities

Bes-por-Mumin

Position: Warder

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Silent Striders

Nature / Demeanor: Maker / Jester

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/1), Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/0/0/0),
rance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
mpathy 4, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 4, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee (Dagger) 4,
Leadership 3, Performance (Dancing) 3, Repair 2, Stealth 5,
Survival (Desert) 4, Computer 2, Enigmas (Ptah's Ways) 5,
Medicine 3, Rituals 2, Area Knowledge (Umbra Near
Realms) 5

Background: Contacts 4 (all over Europe)

Gifts: (1) Sense Wyrm, Persuasion, Open Seal, Speed of
Thought, Truth of Gaia; (2) Axis Mundi, Jam Technology,
Blissful Ignorance; (3) Adaptation, Detect Spirits, Long
Running, Tongues; (4) Fool's Luck

Rage 3, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8

Rank: 4

Merits: Eidetic Memory, Driving Goal (explore every
part of the Wheel of Ptah)

Rites: Rite of the Opened Bridge, Rite of the Questing
Stone, Rite of Passage

Fetishes: Bundle of Jackal's Laughter (Level 3, Gnosis 7;
thisis literally a bag of good luck in the form of golden sand

An activation roll cr

es a small quantity of sand in the
bundle. If this sand is sprinkled on a character, the player
may reroll any failed roll he has once during the duration of
the scene, Only one dose of this sand will work per moon
phase. The sand vanishes ten seconds after it is removed
from the bundle.)

Image: Bes isa short, grinning man with a full gray beard
and absolutely no hair. His eyes reflect the lights of the
stars. He has a perpetual smile, even when faced with
minions of the Wyrm.

Roleplaying Notes: Hold your chin when youare listen-
ingto folks, and truly listen. Laugh a lot. Clap peopleon the
back a lot. Speak in a boisterous, direct and no-nonsense
fashion and be interested in everything that people say; it
may give you further insight into the puzzles of life. Treat
Stargazers with special interest and respect.

Background: Bes grew up among desert nomads in
North Africa. He hashad phenomenal luck all his life, from
the exceptional education he received and the English
family who adopted him to the fact that a Silent Strider wa
only 30 yards away when he went through his first Change.

Bes has an uncanny knack for learning exactly what he
needs to know. He has even learned some of the Gifts of

Silent Striders: Casablanca 103


other tribes and auspices. He has done this to become a
bettercaemn Warderandalso to further his quest in studying
the Wheel.

All his life, he has felt as though the Old Gods wanted
something more for him, that the Incarna who dwell in the
Deep Umbra— Ptah, Ra, Isis, Thoth— wanted him to
resurrect some of the ancient mystical wisdom of his people.
He sees the Wheel of Ptah as his chief mission in life, his
reason for living and the focus of his spirituality.

Ac first, the fact that he was of the New Moon caused
quite a bit of controversy, but Bes proved that he was
willing to swallow his pride and play by the rules that the
Philodox and Ahroun Garou had set long ago concerning
Caern Warders. He takes his role as Caern Warder quite
seriously. If necessary, he would die for his caern without
a single thought. In the past year or so, he has been under
special tutelage in the arts of war, specifically martial arts,
and is contemplating beginning the study of Kailindo for its
mystical benefits.

Although he is always joking and laughing, Bes quickly
turns serious when discussing his caern. He is very fond of
the Stargazers and is constantly pestering them for informa-
tion and new wisdom. Rumors that he has considered
joining them are unfounded, butt is true that he has visited
the secret orrery that the Stargazers have in the Aetherial
Realm.

Bes' knowledge of the Umbra comes from personal
experience. He has talked with Incarna and Realm Lords,
and regularly visits such places as Pangaea, the Battle-
ground and the elusive Homeland of the Silent Striders.
His knowledge of the Umbra is highly varied, and several
Dreamspeaker mages have travelled to Morocco just to ask
him questions.

Zosho Alemein

Position: Mistress of the Rite

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Silent Striders

Nature / Demeanor: Autist / Traditionalist

Attributes: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 1 (3/4/5/5)
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 1, Manipulation 5 (4/1/1/1),
Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 5, Dodge 1, Empathy 4, Primal-
Urge 4, Subterfuge 4, Etiquette 4, Firearms 1, Leadership 3,
Performance (Flute) 4, Stealth 3, Survival (Desert) 3,
Enigmas 5, Medicine 4, Occult 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: None

Gifts: (1) Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech, Persuasion,
Mother's Touch, Blissful Ignorance; (2) Command Spirit,
Call to Duty, Sight from Beyond; (3) Pulse of the Invisible,
Exorcism

Caerns: Places of Power

Rage 2, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8
Rank: 3

Fetish: The Ankh of Ptah (Level 5, Gnosis 7; the Ankh
was a present to Zosho from the caern totem. It grants her
a continuous Attunement with the caern grounds, as well
as the ability to do Mindspeak with any of those within the
caern, These powers require an activation roll with three
successes or the expenditure of one Gnosis point per use.)

(The Ankh will also automatically draw her into the
Umbra if someone attacks her in the Realm, and it enables
her to step sideways without need of a reflective surface.
Ptah has hinted that it has other powers, but has been quiet
about them. The Ankh serves as her badge of office as well
as her fetish.)

Image: Ol and shrunken, Zosho rarely shifts her shape
into any form other than Homid or Lupus. She has fine
white hair, clear dark eyes and a pure white smile (even
though she is quite elderly, Mistress Alemein has perfect
teeth). Her skin is brown, tight and wrinkled. Her body is
thin and angular, butethereally graceful. In the Umbra, she
seems ten years younger and much more spritely, while on
Earth her shoulders droop and she shuffles along.

Roleplaying Notes: Squint your eyes and peer at who-
ever is talking to you. Ignore people frequently. You are so
used to dealing with Moon Bridge traffic that you have
trouble remembering to speak to people who are right next
to you. You don't much care for social events, and aren't
required to be friendly, just effective. Treat any mention of
the "aged" portion of the Litany as a direct insult, and
threaten the offender with a challenge. Of course, the fact
that there can be no challenges at Ptah Sept is perhaps a
good reason why you are still alive!

Background: Zosho Alemein has travelled the world
many times over and is intimately familiar with much of it.
Because of this, she is able to open up a one-way Moon
Bridge to virtually any part of the world. This ability has
been used in the past by several Garou heroes who have
found themselves in need of instantaneous transportation
halfway across the world. Mistress Theurge Alemein is
perhaps one of the oldest living Garou still fighting the
Wyrm. She spends most of her time in the Umbra, contem-
plating the intricate network of Moon Bridges that surge
out from the Wheel of Ptah and communing with the great
Incara himself for mostof the time. Some say that Alemein
is the reason that the sept is so successful; certainly she
appeases great Ptah with enormous facility and has made
sure that the leadership of the sept understand Ptah's needs
and position. Zosho will appear in the Realm only during
the Moot Rite, held when Prah requires it.


Sam Patel

Position: Keeper of the Land

Breed
Auspice: Galliard
Tribe:
Nature / Demeanor: Caregiver / Curmudgeon
Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (6/7/8/8)

Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 1(0/0/0/0),

Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 4,

Expression 3, Streetwise 3, Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3,

Leadership 2, Performance 3, Survival 2, Enigmas 3, Occult 3,

Rituals 3, Islamic Lore 3
Backgrounds: Alllies 4, Contacts 4
Gifts: (1) Create Element, Mindspeak, Persuasion,

Sense Wyrm, Speed of Thought; (2) Dreamspeak, Blissful

Ignorance, Messenger's Fortitude; (3) Adaptation
Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

fomid

lent Strid

ee

Silent Striders: Casablanca

Rank: 3
Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Satire Rite
Fetishes:
Image: Sam is a diminutive Hindi man with thin fea-
tures, wide clear eyes and a continuous smile. He is fond of

None

simple white cotton clothing

Roleplaying Notes: You smile a lot, even when deli
ing bad news or demanding services from someone. You are
a sprightly man, never in one place for long. Your voice is
high and piping, and you like to hum mellifluously as you
do your labors.

re

Background: Sam Patel is a devout Muslim who keeps
the mosque up in accordance with the Koran and actually
presides over the prayers there. He treats the Wheel of
Ptah, the catacombs and the lower levels as if they were all
sacred ground. He ruthlessly drafts low-ranking Garou and
even Kinfolk in the incessant cleaning, polishing and
whitewashing that mustbe done in order to keep the Wheel
of Ptah clean and functional. Once every three years, he
lovingly cleans the Wheel of Ptah himself. He dresses in
ritual garb and dabs gently at the tiles with wine

Master Patel is great friends with Siduri and Max, how-
ever, and enjoys entertaining at their establishments, He
is an excellent piano player.

Story Jdeas

Because of the crossroads nature of the Wheel of Ptah
Sept, you may decide that your pack's current sept might
give them leave to travel there and "seek their fortune" if
thingsaround their home caern become peaceful fora time
Since the Wheel of Ptah is such a powerful caern, it should
be relatively easy for the pack to return from there if there
are any problems.

You may use the Wheel of Ptah as a starting point for a
multi-tribal pack chronicle, as itis quite easy to rationalize
why a group of Garou from many different tribes might
and decide to form a pack at such a caern.

Furthermore, the intense (and normally non-Garou)
intrigue that is present around the caern will give you
opportunities to tell stories about the city and the caem
itself

Finally, since the Wheel of Ptah can open up to virtually
any other place on Earth or in the Umbra, you can use this
caern as a means of entering such normally unreachable
places as Malfeas or even the Deep Umbra.

SS


Caerns: Places of Power


Sept of the Crescent
Moon

Caern: Central Urals, Russia

Level: 5
Gauntlet: 2
Type:
Tribal

welcome

ingship

tructure: Silver Fang, although all tribe

Totems: Falcon, principle totem of the Silver Fangs,
whose domain consists of the sky and the mountain peaks
The various areas within the caern are home to several
powerful spirits as well

}
Geography
The caern claimed by the Sept of the Crescent Moon li
nestled deep within the Ural Mountains of Central Russi

Itis located within a nearly inaccessible valley surrounded
by the rocky crags of the Urals. Access is restricted to

footpaths through the mountains or Moon Bridge;
though it would be possible to fly over the area in an
airplane or helicopter, the thickness of the forest and
unpredictability of the terrain preclude landing. Game

by David Key & George Neal

Silver Fangs: Russia

abounds in this protected valley, but the Garou take care to
use only what they need.

A stream flows out of the mountain at one end of the
valley and winds its way through the center to finally
J, Along the
course of the stream are numerous small waterfalls and
pools. It is near the la
the sept leaders can be found. These are generally con

disappear into the mountains at the other e

‘gest of these that the residences of

cealed in thick groves or dug into the earth

Natural beauty abounds here, and the Silver Fangs have

worked hard to encourage it. There are no major structure:

and all meetings take place in the open under the gre
trees. However, should Garou not desire to make a meetir
a formal occasion by the central pool, there are some open
places, such as clearings in the thick woods, where they can
gather

Bawn

The bawn surrounding the caern consists of the Urals

A few
human settlements are close enough to be watched, but the

themselves and the paths to the valley
Silver Fang leaders of the sept do not consider them as
threats, as they are composed primarily of Kinfolk. Unless
accompanied by
the valley. Most are driven off by scare tactics or fall victim

arou, no humans are allowed to reach

cident."

to some sort of


Center

Central to the caer is a good sized pool at the base of a
60-foot waterfall. The pool is clear except where the silt is
disturbed by the force of the falling water. The water has a
year-round temperature of about 45 degrees. The pool is the
central focus of the caern's power. Bare rocks, falling water
and the greatest trees in the forest are found here and
nearby.

Nestled behind the waterfall and accessible only through
permission of the water spirits, is a small cave. This cave
leads to a crystalline grotto that is strongly linked to the
Umbra. Any Garou gazing into one of the crystals of this
place will find herself in the Umbra. The grotto has some
other qualities as well, but the Silver Fangs will not reveal
them. In fact, the spirits will notallow entry toanyone who
is not a Silver Fang.

Many Garou of other tribes may be found here. This is
the greatest caern in Russia and the seat of power of the
native Silver Fangs. Everything here alls into order of rank.
Higher ranks are given respect by lower ranks, and all bow
to the Silver Fangs. Here is a place where those of true
leadership and purity of breed may find the respect they
deserve, where Alphas are always treated as such. Respect,
obedience and leadership mark the mood of this caern and
permeate the land itself. It is a place of kings and heroes,
one where they will be respected.

Landmarks

There are a number of sacred sights within the valley,
locations where Garou can communicate with the ances-
tral and lesser spirits that dwell here. Numerous trees bear
marks on their roots signifying the heroes buried beneath
them. On the cliff walls to the north of the caern is a
detailed mural depicting the history of the caern and the
history of the Garou in Russia. There are also a number of
ways leading into the mountains, and several waterfalls
that tumble down the tiered landscape.

See the accompanying map for the following locations:

1. This is a path that winds its way into the mountains.
Icis one of the few routes to the outer world, and it is one
of the safest. There are a few areas where the trail is slightly
treacherous. A climbing check (Dexterity + Athletics,
difficulty 6) will suffice to allow safe passage. Failure indi-
cates a minor slip or fall, and a botch will result in an
embarrassing complication, such as a twisted ankle.

2. This is a path more treacherous than the first. It
requires that climbing checks be made ata difficulty of 8. A
failed roll means that actual damage may be suffered.
Typical damage from such a fall would not be greater than
one or two wound levels, although a botch would indicate
that the damage would be aggravated.

3. Another path. This one leads off into the mountains
in the direction of the legendary battlefield where the
Silver Fangs fought and destroyed the Zmei (see History,
below).

108

4. Yet another path. This one leads absolutely nowhere,
eventually ending in a major rockfall.

5. Still another path. This treacherous route requires a
great deal of climbing skill and luck. All checks to are made
against adifficulty of 9 or 10, andafailure orbotch indicates
a fall. The distance for the fall can be anywhere from 10 to
150 feet. However, the view from the mountaintop of the
surrounding peaks is breathtaking. Meditating at this spot
fora full day will give the Garoua point of Gnosis; the spirit
of Gaia is quite strong here.

6. This is the waterfall that feeds the stream running
through the valley's center. Water plummets 70 feet into a
small pool that narrows into the shallow, noisy stream.

7. Grimfang, the Caern Warder, resides in a den con-
cealed ina thick copse within this grove. Itis quite beautiful
here, in a wild sort of way. The Black Fury pack resides on
the edge of the grove in natural shelters. When they are not
ona mission, they are the ones who care for the nearby area.

8. In this grove, the leaders of the sept maintain their
dwellings. Several small cabinsare nestled among the trees.
Piotr, the Sept Leader, spends much of his time on the cliff
nearby that overlooks the center of the caern, surveying the
beauty... and his territory.

9. This is the center of the caern. A waterfall plunges 60
feet into a clear pool, causing a perpetual, shimmering
rainbow.

10. Next to the center, but close enough tobe considered
a part of it, is the ritual area. This isa circle marked by low
standing stones that serves as a place for general moots as
well.

11. Within the forest on this side of the river lie the
Graves of Hallowed Heroes. Many of the greatest Russian
Garou lie beneath the trees here. For each hero that lies
here, there is a tree marked with his name.

12. This is an ancient fir tree. Legend maintains that it
was old when the caern was built long ago. Whatever the
case, itis one of the largest trees in the valley and the only
one that stands alone.

13. The wall of heroes. This mural is constantly being
added to by the Galliards of the sept, and itis said that the
mural will come to life for any who truly wish to learn the
history of the sept and those within it. Having one's story
added to the mural is one of the greatest honors a Russian
Garou can receive.

14. The Keeper of the Land lives in a den near the base
of the waterfall. Cries-at-Night dwells here, away from the
other sept leaders, where she can speak and play with her
cubs in peace. The waterfall nearby only drops 30 feet, but
the Keeper's work has made it one of the most beautiful in
the area,

15. This waterfall tumbles down a double tier and is one
of Speaker to Mountains' favorite retreats when she is not
wandering the mountains nearby.

16. A 40-foot waterfall plunges into a 10-foot deep pool.

Caerns: Places of Power

Umbrascape

The Umbra of the valley is a Glen virtually identical to
the valley itself. However, the spirit content of everything
is more visible, and the spirits of the old heroes may

sometimes be seen wandering among the trees. The leaders

of the septs of Russia come for counsel here. There is a great
firnear the central pool whose topmost branches support a
en le here
Legend holds that he will manifest for any Garou brave
enough to
Umbral representation towers a good 300 feet. The last
known Garou who tried this fell from the Umbra onto the
nk of the pool, covered with wounds burning with silver.
The shame of this Garou, Bane Render of the Get of Fentis,
is recorded on the mural wall

History

Much of the history of Russia itself is deeply intertwined
with the history of the Garou. So is the history of the Sept
of the Crescent Moon. During the Impergium, a group of
Silver Fangs decided tha

nest. Falcon is rumored to occasionally re

isk the dangers of climbing the tree, whose

a seat of their leadership must be
established so that their tribe would always be remembered.

Many years passed, and many battles were fought before
the valley was discovered. The Glen it was situated on was
hidden deep in the northern portion of the Middle Urals,
and it was perfect for the needs of the Garou. However, the

nearby mountains were the nesting place of serpent beasts

Silver Fangs: Russia

Russia - Silver Fang

{. to5. Paths
6, Waterfall
7. Grimfang's Den
Dwellings In Grove
9. Waterfall - Caern Center
(0. Ritual Area
Graves of Hallowed Geroes
12, Ancient Fir Tree
13, Wall of Heroes
Uh. Keeper of the Land's Den
15, Waterfall
16, Waterfall

known as the Zmei. These dragon-like creatures were
actually Wyrm creatures of great power. Many Garou died
wresting the Urals from their influence.

Finally, it was time. Within the hidden, sylvan valley, a
group of the greatest Silver Fang Theurges of all time bent
their wills to the creation of a caern there. Even at that
time, the caern wasa rarity. Caerns of Kingship have never
been common. Thus was created the caern that would
become the seat of the Silver Fangs in Russia.

Time passed, and the Impergium was lifted. Humans
began their slow domination of the world, and the Wyrm
began to stir anew. But the caern in the mountains re-
mained safe, and the Silver Fangs retained their power.
Little ever changed, Garou came and went, but the Silver
Fangs ruled, They were able to defeat all challenges to their
sovereign domain. Th
their caern. Even recently, when Wyrm creatures spawned
from the nearby industrial sites attacked, the sept easily
defeated them.

were vigilant in their defense of

Now the Silver Fangs are waning in Russia. While they
are always heard and acknowledged, they noware subjected
to disobedience. The
"retirement home" by younger Russian
Garou, as most of the Garou who control it are past their

caern in the Urals is occasionally
referred to as a

prime. While they are powerful, they are not as respected
anymore. Despite efforts to the contrary by some of the
more powerful Garou of the Sept of the Crescent Moon, the
world is passing the caern by. It is even believed by some

109


that the Wyrm no longer considers the septa threat because
of its isolation,

Russia's Garou are also beginning to further doubt their
leaders as a new scourge threatens them. The draining of
caerns, something thought impossible, has begun to hap-
pen with astonishing regularity in Russia. Caerns are
overrun, their guardians are slaughtered, and when the
Garou counterattack, they discov
place of power.

only the remains of a

Someone or something isstealing the power
of the caerns. This has become a matter of concern for the
Russian Garou, especially as the Silver Fangs appear to be
doing little about it. Many are also concerned that Moon
Bridges will not open from the caern to regions outside of
Russia.

The Sept

The Sept of the Crescent Moon is run by the Silver
Fangs, and as such, they control the Ural caern. All posi-
tions of power lie in the hands of the Silver Fangs, and they
are not willing to release them. As this is the most powerful
caern in Russia, the tribe feels it must make its dominance
known here, if nowhere else. There is only one problem:
their power may be fading even here. The caem itself is
surrounded and under siege from the expanding powers of
the Wyrm, and it is clear that the Garou of the sept are
losing the war. The Shadow Lords use this fact to show the
other tribes the need for new leadership.

The protectorate of the Sept of the Crescent Moon
extends over a significant portion of the Middle Urals in
Russia. As this is the most significant caerr
oldest septs, the majority of the nearby Garou at least pay
lip service to the Sept of the Crescent Moon. Thus its
influence can be considered to cover the entire Middle
Ural region.

Personalities
Piotr Dolk

Position: Sept Leader
Breed: Homid
Ahroun

and one of the

Iver Fang

Nature / Demeanor: Judge / Judge

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 5, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3) Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Expression 1, Intimidation 4, Primal-Us
Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 2, Melee 5, Leadership 5, $
vival 4, Enigmas 2, Occult 1, Politics (Garou) 4, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 5, Past Lives 3

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Persuasion, Razor Claws, Sense
Wyrm; (2) Awe, Luna's Armor, Staredown, True Fear; (3)

110 Caerns: Places of Power

Disquiet, Silver Claws; (4) Mastery, Mindblock; (5)
Strength of Will

Rage 9, Gnosis 4, Willpower 9

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caer, Rite of Wounding, Rite of Ostracism, The Hunt

Fetishes: Silver Sword

Image: Piotr is a massive wolf with silver fur that almost
glows. He has at times been mistaken for a spirit in the
woods by human and Garou alike. In Homid form, his age
and auspice are both shown. He appears as a heavily built
woodsman whose arms and chest are marked by heavy
scarring, and his beard is white with age. Despite his rustic
appearance, he possesses a very noble demeanor. He ap-
pears to be approaching 60, but is, in fact, closer to 85.

Roleplaying Notes: Speak in riddles that make youseem
far wiser than you are. Should anyone challenge your
authority, make your displeasure known immediately.
Though quick to anger, you see what is befalling you and
occasionally regret what your temper often brings you todo.

Background: Piotr Volk can trace his lineage back
almost directly to the first leader of the Sept of the Crescent
Moon. He was groomed from a young age to lead the sept,
and through it, lead the Silver Fangs of Russia. Galliards in
his own time sing of his deeds and pay homage to what he
has done. His story adorns a portion of the wall of legend.

When he inherited the mantle of leadership from his sire
50 years ago, Piotr was the ideal leader: just, caring and
ruthless in destroying his enemies. All were proud to serve
under him. Age, however, has not been kind to him. The
burdens of leadership have begun to grow heavy, and he
finds it hard to tell enemies from friends. He sees the
changes in the Garou, and sees them being forced back-
wards from their goal, but does not trust anyone enough to
give them this information.

Irsaddens him greatly to see that the most promising of
the new Silver Fangs, Nicolai, has fallen under the spell of
corruption. This isa blemish that must not come to lighton
the tribe. For that reason, he gives Predatelski and his pack
the most dangerous tasks, though to this day, Nicolai has
always returned, and each time with more glory than the
last.

Grimfang

Position: Warder

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Silver Fang

Nature / Demeanor: Traditionalist / Confidant

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/2/7/7), Charisma 3, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 5, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 4, Subterfuge 1,

Stealth 3, Animal Ken 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4,
Enigmas 4, Medicine 3, Occult 5, Politics 1, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Past Lives 5, Pure Breed 3

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Mother's Touch, Sense
Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2) Command Spirit, Luna's Armor,
Name the Spirit, Sense the Unnatural, Sight from Beyond;
(3) Catfeet, Detect Spirit, Exorcism, Pulse of the Invisible;
(4) Beast Life, Mindblock, Spirit Drain; (5) Elemental Gift,
Malleable Spirit, Paws of the Newborn Cub; (6) Rebirthing
(This gift isa special one bestowed upon Grimfang by Gaia
herself. Upon his death, he will be reborn in the form of a
cub somewhere within 2,000 miles of his demise. This is not
a Past Life, but an actual reincarnation. At maturity, the
cub will come into Grimfang's true powers.)

Rage 5, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10

Rank: 6

Rites: Rite of Binding, Moot Rite, Rite of Spiritual
Awakening, Ritual of Summoning, Rite of Becoming, Rite
of the Fetish, Rite of Passage, Rite of the Totem, Rite of the
Winter Wolf, Rite of the Open Bridge, The Badger's
Burrow, Rite of the Shrouded Glen, Rite of Caem Building,
Gaia's Vengeful Teeth

Fetishes: Soulstone (Level 5, Gnosis 8; the soulstone
allows Grimfang to look into the soul of any other Garou.
By using the stone, Grimfang can tell when someone is not
speaking the truth, what their plans are, what their dreams
are, and the source of their deepest fears. The only draw-
back to this fetish is that it will not work on Silver Fangs.)

Image: A small, silver wolf with a sprinkling of black fur
and half of his left ear missing. In Homid form, he is a
bright-eyed, smiling old mountain man. He occasionally
walks with a cane.

Roleplaying Notes: Be happy, friendly, helpful and
educating. When someone manages to arouse your ire,
mutterabout "upstart young pups," change to wolf formand
vanish into the woods. If someone truly angers you, only
then will you frown, and Gaia rest the souls of those you
frown upon. Letall of the young pups, and they are all young
pups, have no doubt that the caern comes first.

You enjoy talking people's ears off about nothing.

Quote: "The weather's changin', malchiki (little ones)."

Background: Grimfang is as old as many of the trees in
thisforest, and remembers planting several of them. He was
born to one of the many wolf packs that inhabit the region
under the protection of the Garou and has known little life
other than that of a shapechanger.

Throughout his long life, Grimfang has traveled the
length and breadth of Russia, Europe and even the Orient
to combat the Wyrm and its manifestations. He is old now,
and has held the position as Warder of the Caern since the
previous Warder's death 30 years ago. He is considered to
be one of the wisest Theurges in Russia, and recently has
begun receiving messages and visits from Garou question-
ing him about the draining of caerns.

Silver Fangs: Russia iil


This possiblity troubles him greatly, and in his concern,
he has greatly increased the security on the caern. He also
seeks any news of the truth behind what is happening to the
other caerns. In fact, he will occasionally disappear and
travel to nearby caerns to warn them and assist in shoring
up their defenses.

Guardians

Grimfang has organized three guardian packs. Their
primary purpose is to assist him in protecting the caern and
upholding its laws. When he is gone, these packs squabble
more openly than they would dare admit in his presence.
They have even been known to come to blows during his
lengthier journeys. Each of these packs has a special pur-
pose in the defense of the caern.

Nicolai Predatelski leads the first of the three packs
assisting Grimfang. His pack is composed of another Silver
Fang, a Bone Gnawer, two Shadow Lords and even a Glass
Walker. This pack deals with threats originating in the
various industrial sites and cities nearby. Since these areas
seem to be producing the majority of the trouble lately,
Nicolai and his pack have gained a great deal of renown in
a short amount of time, This has both impressed the other
Garou and made some of them more than a little nervous.
Nicolai himself is a soft spoken individual who looks upon
all he sees with a contemptuous and angry gaze. When
dealing with other Garou, even his elders, he acts as if
talking with them degrades him. Some say that he will
accept nothing less than absolute loyalty from his pack.
Those in his pack who have given less have not returned
from their city ventures.

The young Tibetan Uktena, Speaker to Mountains,
approached Grimfang to ask for assistance in joining a
pack. In response, Grimfang placed the pup in a pack and
told her to train them in the ways of the spirits. The result
was more than Grimfang had hoped for. Speaker was soon
gained acclaim as a leader, and her pack was awarded the
position of Guardians of the Glen. In this task they have
been flawless. The pack consists of five lupus of various
tribes and a single homid, a Silent Strider Ahroun who has
yet to speak toanyone outside the pack. The renown of this
pack has recently grown to the point that other caerns have
asked them to for assistance. Speaker has thus far refused to
take her pack out of the immediate area. She feels it is her
responsibility to guard this caern from whatever itis that is
attacking the others. She iscertain that whatever it may be,
it will soon attack the Ural caern in great force.

I is said among the Garou of the Ural caern that the
leader of the third pack, Tatiana, is as unapproachable as
she is beautiful. There can be no doubt that she has caught
the eye of every male in the caern. As of yet, however, there
have been no males brave enough toso much as attempt to
make friends with the leader of the Black Fury strike
team— which suits Tatiana just fine. She firmly believes
that Garou should not mate with Garou, and what else
would males be good for? Her pack is charged with protect-

ing the caern from the most obvious and dangerous threats.
They have only lost one fight, and none of the pack
members will so much as mention it. It bothers Grimfang
that there is an opponent that can defeat this pack. It
bothers him even more that they will not tell him who or
what the opponent is. Even so, the pack's loyalty is unques-
tioned, and they will gladly die to protect the caern and
those in it.

Andrei Bolkowski

Position: Master of the Rite

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Silver Fang

Nature / Demeanor: Director / Judge

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 5, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 4,
Expression (Public Speaking) 4, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 2,
Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Leadership 2, Survival 1,
Investigation 4, Law 4, Politics 3, Rituals 5, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 4, Contacts 2, Kinfolk 5

Gifts: (1) Lambent Flame, Scent of the True Form,
Smell of Man, Truth of Gaia; (2) Awe, Strength of Purpose;
(3) Weak Arm, Wrath of Gaia; (4) Roll Over; (5) Geas

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Rites: All Level One and Two rites plus the following:
Rite of the Totem, Rite of the Fetish, Rending of the Veil,
Rite of the Shrouded Glen, Gaia's Vengeful Teeth.

Fetishes: Fang Dagger, Spirit Whistle, Sanctuary Chimes

Image: A long, slender wolf, not very distinguishable,
except for the silver of his fur. In Homid form, however, the
wisdom of Andrei can be seen. His features inspire trust,
and his manner, though serious, is comforting.

Roleplaying Notes: You are the Master of the Rite, and
because of your position, others look to you for guidance.
You try to never let them down. Your judgments tend to be
fair, and all listen with open ears. Because of this, you make
sure you are never wrong. When others doubt that you are
right, you will fly into a rage. After all, you did your best,
why should they shove every little mistake in your face?

Background: Andrei was born in the Ukraine to a
Kinfolk family. They had not expected to have the Garou
breed true in their line, but when the First Change came
upon Andrei, his parents knew who to contact. This fact
caused Andrei to expand his own Kinfolk connections. He
has been instrumental in keeping up the Kinfolk informa-
tion network that supplies the Sept of the Crescent Moon.
Due to his own ability, and to the secrets he was able to find
about his elders, he was given the position he now holds.

112 Caerns: Places of Power


Diktor Zemtsov

Position: Gatekeeper
Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Silver

Nature / Demeanor: Conniver / Confidant

Attribu Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 5 (4/0/5/5), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abi Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 5, Expression (Dance) 5, Primal-Urge 2, Subter-
fuge 5, Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Performance 5,
Stealth 2, igmas 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 2, Politics 2,
Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Allies 2

Gifts: (1) Call of the Wyld, Lambent Flame,
Smell of Man; (2) Awe, Distractions, Luna's
obi Song of Rage; (4) Bridge
Shadows by the Fire Light

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6

Rank: 4

Rites
Dedication

Brees

‘ang

tie:

Mindspeak,
mor; (3)

Eye of the

Rite of the Open Bridge, Ritual of Talisman

Fetishes: Harmony Flute, Eye of Luna (Level 2, Gnosis
4; this fetish allows the Gatekeeper to contact the Falcon
when he is in doubtful about whether to allow a Bridge to
be opened. The stone will simply change color depending
answer.)

Viktor is an attractive individual, both in Lupus
and Homid form. In Lupus form, he is a short, powerfully
built silver wolf with a single black stripe running from nose
to tail. His fur is always immaculate. In human form, he is
of normal build with dark hair. In both forms there is
something about him that attracts others. Even he does not
understand this.

Rolepla
not hesit

g Notes: Be charming in the extreme, and do
nyone. If you do use them, make sure
youdosowithasmileandhave them be happy tocome back
for more.

re to use

Background: Viktor was just one of several Galliards at
the sept when the old Gatekeeper died. It was then he saw
his opportunity. He approached the old wolf Grimfang and
offered companionship to the simple, rustic Theurge. V:
1 listened to all those old stories about how "in my day"
things were different. Through this Viktor was able to
manipulate Grimfang into supporting him in his bid for the
title of Gatekeeper.

tor
e

In fact, the old wolf saw Viktor for what he was, a weak-
willed, power hungry fool. But even the most rustic of
people know that everyone has their use.

Cries-at-Night
Position: Keeper of the Land
Breed: Lupus

Silver Fangs: Russia 113


Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Silver Fang

Nature / Demeanor: Caregiver / Autist

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Empathy 2, Expression (Landscaping) 5, Primal-Urge 3,
Animal Ken 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Familiar Spirits 3 (Crie:
Night is in contact with the spirits of her d
bring her information about what the spirits like
like about the landscaping of the caern, and they also keep
her very up to date on gossip, though she rarely passes any
of that information on.)

id pups; they

ind don't

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Heightened Senses, Leap of the
Kangaroo, Sense Wyrm; (2) Call of the Wyrm, Dreamspeak,
Luna's Armor, Sense of Sight; (3) Catfeet, Wrath of C
(4) Gnaw, Mindblock.

Rage 8, Gnosis 6, Willpower 10

Ra

. Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Rite of C

nsing, Rite of Contrition

Fetishes: Luna's Vengeful Spirit (Level 5, Gnosis 9; this
spiked collar not only prevents others from grabbing the
wearer's throat, but when worn and invoked under the light
of the full moon, it turns the wearer intoa fighting machine

of silver, much like the Gift: Luna's Avenger. In order to
attune to it, the Garou must permanently give up two
points of Gnosis, and the fetish may not accept the Garou
even then.)

Image: Cries-at-Night is a very average looking silver
wolf, In Homid form, she app
twenties. Anyone paying clos
she has scars running from her neck to her knees along her
underside

rs as a woman in her late

attention will notice that

Roleplaying Notes: Be quiet and keep to yourself. Talk
to things that are not thei

(you can see your children even

if no one else can). If anyone seems cast out, ot in mental
pain, try to console them. If a set of pups is being pushed
around too much, you will adopt them, and then no one,
not even old Grimfang, can mess with them and get away
with it

Background: Cries-at-Night had her first litter of pups
just before she was taken for her Rite of Passage. After the
rite was over, she returned to claim and raise her pups. She
found that they had been recently slain, the victims of a
erian oil spill. It was at that point that Cries-at-
Night underwent her true rite of passage. In her grie

larg
, she
nt
in the oil spill area. Afterwards, it was her wish that no one

managed to summon up and destroy all of the Banes pre:

speak of what had happened. The other Garou agreed to

this, but her fellow Galliards placed an image of her on the
Wall of Heroes. The picture is one of a pure silver C
standing over five dead wolf cubs. She is clawing a Bane
led by a third. If
anyone watches this picture for very long, they will see the

Garou go on to kill all

inos

with each hand and is herself being m

three Banes and then lay the bodies
of the cubs to rest. Continued observation of the wall will
show Cries-at-Night tending the lands about the caern
while the spirits of the cubs play at her feet

Jvan Sukosin

Position: Master of the Challenge

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Silver Fangs

Nature / Demeanor: Deviant / Curmudgeon

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/?),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilit Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression (Insult) 5, Intimidation 3, Primal-
Urge 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1, Drive 2, Etiquette 1,
Firearms 2, Melee (Klaive) 5, Stealth 4, Survival 2, Computer 1,
Enigmas 2, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Occult 2, Politics 1, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3

Gifts: (1) Blurofthe Milky Eye, Lambent Flame, Persua-
sion; (2) Awe, Blissful Ignorance, Luna's Armor, Staredown;
(3) Disquiet, Open Moon Bridge; (4) Luna's Blessing,
Whelp Body

Rage 5, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

Pure Breed

114 Caerns: Places of Power

Rank: 4
Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Fang Dagger, Phoebe's Veil, Monkey Puzzle
Image: A lanky silver wolf with brown paws and a brown
mask. His Homid form is a small, sandy-haired, lanky man
in hisearly thirties. The left side of his neck is badly scarred,
and he seems to always be peering quizzically at people
when speaking to them.

Roleplaying Notes: BE A JERK! You like almost noone,
least of all idiots who have to fight to settle their differ-
ences. However, youare deeply in love with Cries-at-Night,
and if it were possible for her, there would be a metis at the
caern and the rest of them be damned. If you ever have to
face a challenge, make your opponent seem like such an
idiot thathe will be laughed off the field before he makes his
first swing. As for those who must fight, give them silver
weapons and step back. Be an impartial judge of such affairs,
and provide style notes afterwards. Just remember, they
should feel foolish for having to fight to begin with. Do not
tolerate anyone questioning your judgment; make them
appear to be foolish for doing so. Annoy everyone near you,
but make yourself indispensable. Ramble about people on
occasion,

Background: Some people have personality quirks; Ivan
is one. This is something that has continually led him into
trouble. He has been the cause of a number of conflicts
among Garou and has earned a reputation of being without
honor. However, he has also gained renown as being an
honest judge, an image usually reserved for Philodoxes.

Ivan has seen a lot and been many places. He is listed as
AWOL from the Red Army, as he was recruited shortly
after basic training. He is a Muscovite by birth, and misses
his home, but dares not return for fear of having his family
discover what he is.

Sometimes itis possible fora person to break through the
eternally annoying shell that protects him from the rest of
the world, but Ivan is quick to rebuild his and deny it is
there. The only notable exception to this tendency has
been his relation to Cries-at-Night. Perhaps it is her quiet
nature that settles the raucous Ivan, or perhaps she simply
beat him into silence.

Story Jdeas

The Ural caern isa true place of power for the Garou, but
visitors will quickly learn that the caermis initrouble. It is
under siege by opponents that it cannot yet identify: The
leadership is under question. The animosity between the
tribes, though not evident on the surface, isa deep running
current and the attitudes of the Garou here are old-fash-
ioned. This keeps them from seeking the help. they
desperately need. The tension at this caern is unmistakable,
even by pups. Players visiting this caern will quickly find
themselves in politics or ina fight, usually both.

This caer is also of such power that the majority of
Moon Bridges opened into Russia would tend to open here.

Silver Fangs: Russia

Iris the only caer in Russia where a Bridge could actually
stretch all the way to the United States or Europe.

Note: The majority of these springboards concern the
introduction of group of non-Russian Garou to the Russian
setting. Further details on Gothic-Punk Russia can be
found in the forthcoming Rage Across Russia sourcebook.

Investigation

Rumors abound of what has been going on in Russia,
both in the world of the humans and among the Garou. At
aconclave, the elders of the tribes decide thatithas become
imperative to discover the true plight of their Russian
brethren. From among the many gathered, a pack is chosen
to travel to Russia via Moon Bridge. The bridge will land
the characters in the Ural Caern, where they will discover
that returning home is impossible. Getting out of Russia
with the information they were asked to retrieve could
almost prove to be a chronicle in itself, as numerous forces
are arrayed against the Garou here.

Pursuit

Evidence ofa Pentex move into Russia has come to light,
and a group of monkeywrenchers will follow. They must
convince the Russian Garou of the Pentex threat and act to
reduce or eliminate it. These poor souls working for Pentex
will also discover another small problem— leaving the
country alive.

Defector

The characters are part of a sept that has had no contact
with Russia. A Kinfolk or Garou from Russia stumbles into
the pack's caern by Moon Bridge, grabs the nearest Garou
she sees and immediately begins to babble at them in
Russian. (An Intelligence + Linguistics roll against diffi-
culty 7 isrequired to identify the language.) Communication
is imperative, as this person seems to be either crazy or has
some information of vital importance.

Harboring this person will prove dangerous. Within two
days of his arrival at the caern, an attack will come. The
attackers seem to care only about recovering the defector
and can consist of everything from vampires to Black
Spirals to fomori. They will be accompanied by Banes as
well. After the attack, it will be obvious that someone or
something is extremely interested in silencing this person,
and even after speaking with them, the elders will see a
need to sendaa pack to Russia. The defector will offer to be
their guide. After ally they protected her, did they not?

The pack will arrive arthe Ural Caern where they will be
greeted by Grimfang. The old wolf will be ecstatic that his
messenger got through and will immediately take the pack
asideand detail what he knows of the plight of the Ural
Caern. He will lecture them at great length about the
problems in Russia to them. The pack has an opportunity
to establish relations between their home caern and the
Russian caem of the Silver Fangs.

115


Caerns: Places of Power


Sept of the Snow
Leopard

Caern: Shigalu Monastery (Hima
Level: 4
Gauntlet: 3

as, Tibet)

Type: Enigma

Tribal Structure: Stargazer; anyone who can meet the
rigorous ethical, intellectual and metaphysical standards is
welcome.

Totem: The Umbral Wind

Geography

Occupyinig:a high precipice in' the most:impenetrable
part of the Himalayas, Shigalu is difficult to reach by all but
the most determined; even so, it is not completely cut off
from Tibetan society. The: temple resides on/aimountain
flanked by cwo fast. running rivers.) Thesivers mest ata
treacherous, precipitous gorgedubbed "The Gaces of Hell

population c mall village named
Nyalam. The people here view the inhabitants of the
monastery with a mixture of adoration and awe. About 25
miles north, through the Lalung Leh pass, is a fortress of
Chinese soldiers. The nearest major city is Shigaste, almost

200 miles to the northeast.

nter is a

This area is among the places on Earth with the harshest
weather possible, Temperature shifts of 80 degrees in a day

by Cheistipher Howard

are not unheard of, and blue skies routinely turn to hail and
freezing rain in seconds. The sept has caused landslides and
has even been known to divert river courses to discourage
the intrusion of civilization into the bawn.

The road from Nyalam to Shigalu is steep and winding,
negotiable only on foot. In parts, it is only a paw's width
wide, and the traveller is obliged to climb (extended Dex-
terity + Athletics rol, difficulty 6, five successes required).
The path is watched at all time:

if those approaching the

monastery are clearly hostile, they will be harassed by wind

spirits.

Bawn

The bawn extends roughly 10 miles in every direction. It
includes Nyalam, Lalung Leh pass, Hell's Gate and
Milarepa's cave.

Center

Winds both physical and Umbral scream incessantly
around a small, black piece of flat onyx embossed with the
Sigil of Marut. The stone is said to have been created by the
Hindu Storm God Marut. It was, for a time, owned by
agents of the Wyrm before being stolen by the sept's
founder, Justinian of Byzantium

The fury of the storm is contained within the monastery's
central court. Despite the

ming strength of the storm,
those who enter will only feel a strong breeze and come out
only slightly damp. The true brunt of the storm is in the

Stargazers: Tibet 117


Umbra, although its powers can be extended into the
mundane world ifso ordered. Only two members of the sept
are practiced in using this technique: Lungtok and John
Campbell.

Dancing in the wind, seemingly with a life of its own, is
the skeleton of a Nexus Crawler slain at the time of the
sept's founding. To the untutored eye, the tableau formed
by the remains of the Wyrm creature is extremely discon-
certing. The desiccated bones caper erratically in the
storm, illuminated by flashes of lightning. At first glance,
this would appear to be the center of a Black Spiral caern,
not a Stargazers site. This first impression is unwarranted.
The place is entirely free of Wyrm taint; moreover, the
Nexus Crawler's movements are carefully choreographed
in a humorous series of ridiculous and demeaning katas (it
dances, begs, pouts and so on). Only Lungtok knows how
the creature's movements may be interpreted to reveal the
future.

Landmarks
Nyala

This isolated town is connected to the outer world only
tenuously. There are no modern communications available
in the town, so their only view of the world beyond the
Himalayas is carried by the occasional nomad or tourist
who travels through. The buildings are made of stone and
have tin roofs. Many here are Kinfolk to the Snow Leopards
and guard the secrets of the temple jealously. Most people
in the town are immune to the Veil, and many of the sept's
members are drawn from the town's above average Lupine
population.

The Umbral Wind totem opens and closes the caern's
Moon Bridge inside a small shrine at the town's edge. It is
in easy view of the population, who will often run to watch
if they observe the Bridge in use.

Garden of the Inconstant Moment

A gentle breeze constantly sweeps through the grove of
treesin the valley below the monastery. In the center of the
grove is a garden of great beauty and intricacy, tended by
Tara, the monastery's Keeper of the Land. In the garden's
center isa mosaic made primarily of yellow and blue stones.
The pattern is an extremely complicated one, representing
the Apal-Be (Endless Knot). Negotiating the pattern while
contemplating it will allow the character to pass into the
"Crazy Umbra", a local manifestation of the Wyld in the
Penumbra. (Dexterity + Enigmas roll, difficulty 8; the
difficulty is lowered to six if the character is tutored by Tara
or Terdak.) Once the pattern is learned, the character can
enter the Crazy Umbra from anywhere in the local area.

Summit of the Snow Leopard

The summits situated about 300 yards up the mountain.
Ieis often visited by families of real snow leopards as well as

118

bythe luck spirit, Gyasto, who appears in the form of a great
cat.

Gyasto has almost become a second, though unofficial,
totem to the caern. Any kind treatment (such as feeding
him) will be rewarded by a blessing for the remainder of the
scene (see the Merit: Charmed Existence in Werewolf
Players Guide). Abusive treatment will cause Gyasto to
disappear with a howl, leaving the offender to contend with
a curse for the same period (see the Flaw: Cursed).

The Garou perform "Sky Burials" from this summit. The
Sky Burial is, to western eyes, a rather grizzly way of
interring the dead. This method involves cutting up the
corpse into small pieces and feeding it to the flocks of birds
which circle the peak, literally dispersing the dec
the clouds. Ir is an old Tibetan tradition adopted by many
of the Garou here.

Milarepa's Cave

The caern's earliest history was written in blood. No-
where can that be seen more literally than at Milarepa's
cave. Not far below the cave's entrance is a blasted area of
slagged red stone ("The Blood Stone") where the Nexus
Crawler was finally killed by the sept with assistance of the
poet/sorcerer Milarepa. The stone has laid barren since that
time, and a careful examination with Sense Wyrm will
reveal that there are still lingering traces of the Wyrm
bound up in the stone.

sed into

Tibet -
Stargazers

Caerns: Places of Power

During the day, the cave is cared for by two novices
(ghouls) from the town of Nyalam. The cave has been
officially named as a tourist attraction by the Chinese
tourist service. The site has infrequent visitors to see the
ancient mural of the green-haired poet who reputedly
found enlightenment here (overpriced postcards are also
available). At night, the cave and its environs take on a
completely different aspect when Milarepa, who lies dor-
mant during the day in a secret sub-cave, walks the valley
on his contemplative strolls.

Milarepa is of the Children of Osiris, a rare and reclusive
sect of ascetic vampires (detailed in the Vampire supple-
ment Hunter's Hunted). Hishairis indeed green, as portrayed
in his paintings. This is a result of his diet of nettles during
his mortal life as an ascetic. Milarepa's enlightened nature
and his unique shared heritage with the Snow Leopards
allow him the incredible ability to walk unmolested near
the caern. No one is sure whether he has gained Golconda,
although he behaves as if he has. He considers his role to be
that of a Bhodisatva in the final years leading to the
Gehenna/Apocalypse he knows is coming.

He is fully capable of defending himself, and will doso in
a non-lethal manner if attacked. He is a 5th generation
vampire and is over 900 years old. His studies include both
archaic and modern sciences, and he has travelled exten-
sively (though discretely). His primary disciplinesare Bardo,
Auspex, Fortitude and Chimerstry. For most occasions, he

wears a simple cloth robe, though he may occasionally be
seen wearing British Tweed. He also wears spectacles, but
only as an affectation. Milarepa has a treaty of mutual
assistance with the sept and is particularly compatible with
Lungtok and Tara.

Umbrascape

The near Umbra is as one would expect it to be near a
great caern: both easily accessible and pure beyond belief.
A feeling of peace pervades the area, and benign spirits,
especially air elementals, abound. The strangest aspect of
the Umbra here isa phenomenon of exceptional rarity, the
so called "Crazy Umbra".

The Crazy Umbra is a local manifestation of Wyld
energies. It exists as a roaming area of sorts, shifting places
in the Penumbra around the caern's bawn. It is a place of a
constantly shifting, restless nature. Herds of trees migrate
across literally rolling hills. Vines twist and turn with
alarming alacrity, and spirit-gorged streams dash up cliff
faces. Day follows night swiftly and erratically here. The
time between sun-up and sun-down is measured in minutes
or even seconds. The only constant here is the moon,
always full and overhead,

Inexperienced Garou may find this unsettling, but that
is nothing compared to the sensations felt by any Wyrm
creature unfortunate enough to stumble into it. The spirits
here are pained by the presence of such monstrosities and
will act in a swift and spectacular manner to purge intrud-
ers.

‘The Stargazers have many theories concerning this
phenomenon, but none have been proven. The most
popular one is that itis an effect left over from the death of
the Nexus Crawler and its ability to warp reality.

Eye Spirits are indigenous here and can be seen every-
where. They appear as floating, disembodied eyeballs with
trailing stocks, Eye spirits can travel in the Umbra and the
mundane world, but are unable to travel far beyond areas of
the Crazy Umbra without help. To this end, they might
propose to a Garou (by their distinctive non-verbal, picto-
rial telepathy) that they "merge". This merging gives the
Eye Spirit a spiritual tether which allows them to travel,
and itgives the Garou a spy which can travel through walls,
reporting telepathically whatitsees. This merging costs the
Garou three points of permanent Gnosis, and the Eye Spirit
is then considered to be a familiar spirit.

Although their thought processes are alien, their moti-
vations are simple. They seek knowledge and experience.
Only one can attach to an individual.

Eye Spirit (Jaggling)
Rage 2, Willpower 5, Gnosis 7, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Telepathy (cost 2, or
none if merged; allows the Eye to speak to another's mind
in images)

Stargazers: Tibet 119


History

Thesept was founded by the Stargazer Theurge Justinian,
who fled Constantinople with the Stone of Marut underhis
arm and the minions of the Wyrmathis back. At length, he
found himself on the windswept Chang-Tang plains of
Tibet. Among the nomads who eked out an existence on
the vast expanse were many nomadic Garou, some of whom
chose to follow the charismatic philosopher.

Led by omens, they set out to find a place to settle and
build a kind of brotherhood. Justinian knew it would
someday be needed in the rapidly darkening world. It was
at this time that Justinian met Milarepa, and a fast friend-
ship grew between them. In 1083, they found the site of
their future caern. [twas only a year later, however, that the
shadow of Justinian's pursuers arrived in the form of a
Nexus Crawler. Although his followers had never seen a
Wyrm creature before, they battled it valiantly. With the
aid of Milarepa, they emerged victorious, but at a price.
Justinian and 12 others lay dead.

The caem's stature and fame grew rapidly among the
Stargazers of the world, becoming a Mecca of sorts for the
philosopher sect. Although Tibet was undergoing tumultu-
ous changes during the 12th and 13th centuries, the sept
was careful not to embroil itself in human affairs, and did
not take sides in the struggles between the ascendant
Buddhist philosophy and the animists of the Bon faith. The
two ideologies were constantly fighting for supremacy.

The sept was forced into action against the Mongol
invasion (1252-53), which brought the Wyrm with it. By
the close of the 14th century, the Snow Leopards had fully
consolidated their position in the south and now turned
their attentions to the rest of the country. Tibet's politics
and geography had conspired to keep the country mostly
Wyrm free, but there were other dangers to the sept.
Various Buddhist sects (ie. Red Hat Sect, Yellow Hat,
Black Har) battled for supremacy, and the sorcerers of the
Red Hatsect became a real danger to the Garouat this time.
The darker aspects of Bon also manifested themselves at
this time in the form of poisoning cults. Neither the Red
Hats nor the Bon cults are Wyrm related, but that has not
made themany lessdangerous. They have continued through
the present.

Ie was also at this time that precious stones (rubies) were
found near the caern. This extended the reach of the
formerly poor sect far beyond the borders of Tibet. The
sept's next challenge came in 1904, when they contended
with an invasion of Tibet by England. The invasion was
backed by the Camarilla in an attempt to open up Tibet's
mineral rights to the Kindred. Several thousand Tibetans,
including some Garou, were massacred in the ensuing war.
Ironically, it was not force of arms that turned the tide of
battle. Iewas the wily machinations of the philosopher and
sept leader Lungtok (ancestor of today's Lungtok). Un-
known to the Camarilla, he secretly travelled to England
and performed a brilliant series of political maneuvers,

convincing the Crown to withdraw its troops in return for
improved trade rights with Tibet. This coup is still talked
about with awe and some respect by England's Ventrue.

Far more dangerous was the invasion by China in 1951
and the subsequent Cultural Revolution of 1966-76. No
amount of trickery has managed to dislodge the Chinese
invaders. The sept has had to settle for working behind the
scenes to loosen the invader's grip and to battling the
incursions ofthe Wyrm which inevitably came with China's
program of modernization. Through out its history, the sept
has maintained good relations with their progenitors, the
Chang-Tang nomad Garou (including Silent Striders, Red
Talons and some Children of Gaia) and have various
formal pacts which have been followed faithfully without
exception.

Che Sept

Casual observers in the sept might conclude that they
were ina Buddhist monastery. The temple's architecture is
certainly standard for the region, and the inhabitants
exhibit the airof quiet contemplation expected of Buddhist
monks. But these are Garou who have seen the face of the
Wyrm and have pledged themselves to its destruction.
Knowledge is valued here not only for its own sake, but as
a tool to be actively engaged. A feeling of purposeful and
often martial activity will envelope anyone who long
observes the Garou here. The Stargazers here are of the
Zephyr camp (see Werewolf Players Guide) and are high
masters of Kailindo.

The monastery is cylindrical; stairs spiral up the periph-
ery past motifs depicting the Wheel of Life. The monastery's
attentions are divided between the perfection of mind and
body. Training courses of fiendish cleverness have been
developed over the centuries to challenge novice and grand
masters alike. In the monastic library is one of the greatest
occult collections ever assembled by Garou. Here, both fact
and fancy about Garou, the Wyrm and Kindred alike are
available.

The philosophy of the sept can be politely described as
a hodgepodge, drawing its precepts from sources as diverse
as Socrates, Aquinas, Lao Tzu, the Buddha and John Locke.
Strangers are encouraged to join the many impromptu
debates which spring up. This philosophical bent allows
the Leopards to make fine distinctions about what is and is
not the Wyrm, permitting them to find allies (such as
Milarepa) where other werewolves would not think of
looking. To some, however, it adds credence to the charge
that the Stargazers are far too curious about the Wyrm and
may have been compromised by it.

120 Caerns: Places of Power


Personalities
Lungtok

Position: Sept Leader

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Stargazer (Zephyr)

Nature / Demeanor: Visionary / Confidant

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 5, Primal-Urge 3, Subter-
fuge 3, Melee 3, Leadership 5, Stealth 3, Meditation
(Tantric) 4, Kailindo (Wind Dance) 5, Enigmas (Ancient) 5,
Linguistics 2 (English, Chinese), Occult 3, Rituals 5, Phi-
losophy 4, Tactics 3, Wyrm Lore 3

Backgrounds: Eye Spirit (Familiar), Allies 3, Pure Breed 4,
Past Life 4

Gifts: (1) Balance, Persuasion, Resist Pain, Sense Wyrm,
Truth of Gaia; (2) Surface Attunement; (3) Clarity, Whis-
pering Wind, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways; (4)
Questioning, Wisdom of the Seer; (5) Circular Attack,
Ge

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite
of Binding, Ritual of Summoning, Rite of the Totem, The

Badger's Burrow, Rite of Caern Building, Rite of Talisman
Dedication

Merits: Calm Heart, A
Political Ti

Image: Permanent laugh lines and twinklir
the sometimes gruff exterior of this small Tibetan in his
eighties. He wears a simple monk's robe and walks with the
aid ofa stick, which he cz
Asa wolf, he
foremost teachers of Kailindo in the world.

estor Ally (the first Lungtok),

eyes belie

ally discards in times of danger

mall and golden-brown. He is one of the

Roleplaying Notes: You are calm of mind and clear of
sight. Everyone you meet presents a mystery to you which
you quickly unravel

Quote: "Well done, student. Now do it blindfolded."

Background: Recognized at childhood as both the de:
scendant and reincarnation of the former caer leader,

Lungtok (see "History"), Lungtok has been groomed since
birth to lead the caer. Rigorous schooling and practical
experience travelling the outside world have prepared him
well. Lungtok kee contact with many other sept
leaders and has always b ce for unity and tolerance

in clos

na

among Garou. He is respected by the wind spirits who aid
him in any way possible

The Cheng Sisters
(Wen Cheng and Critsun Cheng)

Position: Caern Warders
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Ahroun
Tribe: Stargazer (Zephyr)
Nature / Demeanor: Competitor / Gallant
Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/1),
ina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 3, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abi 3, Athletics 3, Dodge (Leap) 4,
Primal-Urge 2, Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 3,
Melee 3, Leadership 4, Stealth 3, Kailindo (No-Moon
Fighting) 5, guistics 1(English), Occult 2,
Rituals 2, Philosophy 2, Tactics (Hit and Run) 4

Backgrounds: Eye Spirit (Familiar), Kinfolk 5

Gifts: (1) Balance, Inspiration, Razor Claws, Sense
Wyrm, Smell of Man; (2) Surface Attunement; (3) Clarity;
(4) Body Shift, Stoking Fury's Furnace; (5) Kiss of Helios

Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Rank: 5

Rites: Ritual of the Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman
Dedication

Fetishes: Elk Tooth Necklace

Merits / Flay

Image: The Cheng sisters are identical twins. Although
they wear the same type of martial-arts uniform, each sister
wears a different colored belt. This is sometimes the only
way to distinguish one from the other. Since they often
trade belts, however, this is not always a reliable method of

aredevil, Luck / Overconfident

Stargazers: Tibet 121


identification. They both wear theirhairinashort-cropped,
efficient manner. In wolf form, their fur isreddish gold. The
first thing they always do in combat is activate the Kiss of
Helios.

Roleplaying Notes: Your sept means everything to you,
and you will do anything to protect it. You are in charge of
security, doing your job conscientiously, but always with a
light touch. You are phenomenally lucky. In combat, you
move with your sister in a hurricane of eclectic precision
that is dazzling to behold.

Quote: I'll hithim high, you hithim low!" (Followed by
the exact opposite action.)

Background: Born in Nyalam, where their birth was
universally considered a good omen, the Cheng Sisters
were taken to the temple at an early age. They also spent a
good deal of time in the village and became the main
liaisons between the town and the sept. They excelled in
the arts of combat and quickly gained their current post of
Warder. They are curious about America and have taken
pains to learn English from John Campbell. Both have
earned Lungtok's trust despite their glib exteriors.

Guardians

There are 14 Garou in the monastery, all of whom are
trained in the art of Kailindo. Additionally, all of them are
scholars who have studied the tactics and philosophy of
war. Many would make first-rate pack leaders in their own
rights, but they are completely dedicated to the Cheng
sisters. This small army of philosopher-warriors are a dev-
astating guerrilla force, effective far beyond their numbers.
They are intimately acquainted with the surrounding ter-
rain, and most of them have taken on Eye Spirits, making

122

the sept exceptionally difficult to approach by stealth.
They carry an exotic array of weapons and are also trained
with firearms.

Cerdak Lingb

Position: Master of the Rite

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Stargazers (Metastic Birth, leaning towards
Ouroboroans)

Nature / Demeanor: Autist / Confidant

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Kailindo 2, Subterfuge 4,
Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Stealth 3, Survival 1, Computer3,
Enigmas 5, Investigation 4, Linguistics 4 (Chinese, En-
glish, Japanese, Latin), Occult 4, Philosophy 2, Ritu
Science (Chemistry) 4, Wyrm Lore 2, Umbra Lore 3

Backgrounds: Eye Spirit (Familiar)

Gifts: (1) Create Element, Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech;
(2) Clarity, Sight from Beyond, Name the Spirit; (3)
Command Spirit, Exorcism, Pulse of the Invisible

Rage 3, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caer, Rite of Binding, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Ritual of
Summoning, Rite of the Opened Bridge, Rite of Lasting
Glory

Fetishes: Spirit Whistle, Bata'a drum

Merits / Flaws: Concentration, Fast Learner / Dark
Secret, Dark Fate

Caerns: Places of Power

Image: A tall, lanky man of indeterminate age, Terdak
is most often found updating the library's files. He wears an
ill-fitting Chinese business suit (circa 1955) and uses a
thick pair of reading glasses. During rituals, he wears a robe
of green silk. In wolf form, he is gray and mangy. His hands
and face twitch with nervous energy. His metis deformity is
a terrible harelip.

Roleplaying Notes: They have been kind to you here
and have given you honor exceeding your metis birthright,
but they do not understand you. Your addiction is knowl-
edge, and you have spent much of your life in studying the
Wyrm and its ways. You know that beneath the Corrupter
Wyrm is the barest fragment of the original Wyrm of
Balance. Your obsession is unhealthy, but it has also borne
fruit. You know that the "Blood Stone" contains the life
force of the Nexus Crawler slain there, and you think you
know how to manipulate it. If successful, you will have a
powerful weapon against the Wyrm. But until then, you
must be secretive, for the others, in their blindness, would
stop you.

Your only real friend here is John Campbell, for whom
you performed the Rite of Lasting Glory when he first
arrived. It is the last time you have felt really good about
anything.

Background: Sired by two Chinese Glass Walkers who
arrived in Tibet with the first Chinese invaders, Terdak was

andoned to the Chinese orphanage in Tibet's capital
city, Lhasa, Despite cruel treatment, Terdak excelled aca-
demically and might have gone to Beijing University if it
hadn't been for his Firsting. His peers played a particularly
cruel joke on him atage 14, and Terdak lashed out at them
with all the ferocity of a Garou. Terrified, he fled into the
mountains and wandered until he came to the attention of
Lungtok.

He has thrived intellectually, if not emotionally, in the
scholarly atmosphere of the monastery, and he is the
youngest Leopard to become Master of the Rite. Next to
Tara, he is the most adept at navigating the Crazy Umbra.

Gesar

Position: Gatekeeper

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Stargazer (Glass Bead Game Player)

Nature / Demeanor: Jester / Jester

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Dodge 3, Expression 3,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Perfor-
mance 4, Stealth 4, Kailindo 2, Computer 2, Enigmas
(Word Games) 4, Linguistics 2 (Chinese, English), Occult2,
Rituals 5, Philosophy 1, Tactics 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3 (Hong Kong), Resource 4,
Totem 5 (East Wind)

Gifts: (1) Balance, Open Seal, Persuasion, Scent of
Running Water; (2) Jam Technology, Surface Attunement,
Taking the Forgotten; (3) Clarity, Open Moon Bridge

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 5

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caer, Satire Rite, Rite of the Opened Bridge

Merits / Flaws: Daredevil, Natural Channel / Overcon-
fident, Compulsive Behavior (Pranks)

Image: A slender, attractive youth of 20, Gesar has been
forced to trade the silk suits from his Hong Kong days for a
more practical, Indiana Jones image. Gesar has a wicked
sense of humor and a charming smile at all times; he is also
an incorrigible ladies' man. He has more clothes (all in
fashion) than anybody else in the sept. In wolf form, he is
a mottled gray and laughs like a hyena.

Roleplaying Notes: You would leap down the throat of
the Wyrm itself just to tickle its tonsils — or at least you'd
try to steal its wallet. Life was a lot more fun back in Hong
Kong, running with the Urban Primitives and hitting all
the hot spots. And there were the girls.... Then one day it's
over. Dad comes back from "finding himself" in Tibet and
"requests" you come with him. Next thing you know, you're
stuck in a musty old temple in the middle of nowhere with
a bunch of rejects from "The Ten Commandments". Dad's
abigwighere and starts teach you cool stuffabout the Moon
Bridges until— Bam! Dad's killed by Red Hats and you're
the only one with the keys to the Bridge (except Terdak,
and he's always holed up in the library).

Thatold geezer Lungtok says you're the worst Gatekeeper
he's ever seen, and he wants you out, which is fine by you.
Still, youaren't completely without honor, so you'll stay on
until you train someone else, and you'll even obey the rules
— to a point; you've already gotten into some trouble.
Yeah, the place isn't all bad. The Cheng sisters are a lot of
fun. And that Tara? Hot!

Quote: "What are two witty, sophisticated people like us
doing in a dump like this?" (Aimed at any reasonably good
looking woman who visits the sept.)

Background: Gesar was raised by his mother while his
estranged Garou father, a respected Theurge, involved
himself in the affairs of the caern. Gesar became a thrill-
seeking thief. Most of his Hong Kong pack were Glass
Walkers, and he knows a few of their tricks. The Leopards
know his history and do not trust him completely, but they
have alsoembarked upon a campaign to straighten him out.
He has also discovered imaginative ways to hide himselfon
Moon Bridges and can become an indistinguishable blur
when viewed by other travellers.

Cara

Position: Keeper of the Land
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard (Waxing)
Tribe: Children of Gaia

Stargazers: Tibet


Nature / Demeanor: Caregiver / Caregiver
Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 5 (4/0/5/5), Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Primal-Urge 2,
Streetwise 3, Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 3, Meditation 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 5, Enigmas 4, Area Knowledge 4,
Herbalism 5, Medicine 3, Occult 3, Rituals 4, Umbra Lore
(Crazy Umbra) 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 1, Eye Spirit (Fa-
miliar), Allies 2, Pure Breed 5

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Mother's Touch,
Smell of Man; (2) Dream Spe
Object; (4) Beast Life, Bridge Wall

Rage 4, Gnosis 9, Willpower 6

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caern, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of the Opened Sky,
The Badger's Burrow

Sense Wyrm,
le, Reshape

Fetishes: Friendship Ring, Harmony Flute

Merits / Flaws: Immune to Wyrm
Rising / Soft-Hearted

Image: Tara is as tall and slender as a willow wand. She
has waist-length, straight black hair which she adorns with
a headdress of gold and feathers. In the monastery, she
wears a robe of gold silk embroidered with green. On her
journeys, she wears brown leather travelling clothes with a

anations, Venus

yellow scarf. She carries an ornately carved walking stick.
Her most noticeable features are her emerald green eyes
nergy of
youth all at once. In wolf form, she issleek with ashiny coat
of midnight black. Her eyes are even greener in wolf form
and still appear friendly.

which convey warmth, the wisdom of age and the

Roleplaying Notes: Gaia is dying. Even here in isolated
Tibet, the Wyrm is on the move, and you can sense it. You
call this place home. There
anywhere else you have been. You travel a lot to salve the
many hurts of Garou and human alike. You are close to
Lungtok, John and especially Milarepa, who shares your
devotion to the healing arts

a balance here more than

Background: Born in an agricultural community on the
border of Chang-Tang, Tara was brought up in a poor but
loving community. She started her wanderings at an early
age, but still maintains contact with her family. She has
been with the Snow Leopards for five years and has become,
in many ways, the heart of the sept.

John Campbell

Position: Master of the Challenge
Breed: Homid

Auspic
Tribe:
Nature / Demeanor: Visionary / Survivor

Ahroun

, former Get of Fenris (Zephyr)

Caerns: Places of Power

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 3, Drive 2,
Firearms 4, Melee 5, Leadership 4, Stealth 2, Kailindo 5,
Meditation 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2
(Tibetan, Chinese), Medicine 1, Occult 2, Rituals 5, Phi-
losophy 2, Guitar 3, Tactics 4

Backgrounds: none

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Razor Claws, Resist Pain, Sense
Wyrm; (2) Halt the Coward's Flight, Staredown, Surface
Attunement, True Fear; (3) Clarity; (4) Merciful Blow; (5)
Strength of Will, Circular Attack

Rage 9, Gnosis 5, Willpower 10

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Moot Rite, Rite of
Wounding, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Passage, Baptism of
Fire, The Hunt

Fetishes: Silver Sword

Merits / Flaws: Berserker, Huge Size, Reputation, Code
of Honor / Dark Secret

Image: John looks like a giant out of Norse Myth and
appears equally athome in the Himalayas. He is 7' tall, with
long red hair and a beard, both of which are going white.
His Lupine forms are that of an immense reddish brown
wolf. His usual wardrobe consists of blue jeans anda leather
jacket. He is rarely seen without his Silver Sword and a
heavy firearm.

Roleplaying Notes: They howl your praise at the moots
and call you a "hero". A visiting Fianna has immortalized
you ina saga, but you know that none of tis true. Your pack
was dying around you, victims of the Sabbat ambush, and
yet you fought on. When you stopped seeing red, you
realized you were victorious. You had saved the cubs of the
Children of Gaia, every single one of them. Yet it was not
heroism that moved you that day. Your recklessness is what
allowed the Leeches to kill your comrades.

That was over twenty years ago, but your shame has not
allowed you to speak the truth in all this time. Despite this,
or pethaps because of this, you are completely honorable in
all other things. Now, Lungtok has named you his successor
and you feel all the more unworthy. But, if the responsibil-
ity falls to you, so be it.

Background: Returning from Vietnam disillusioned,
John fell in with the counterculture of the sixties and joined
a pack consisting of widely disparate tribe members. The
pack discovered a Sabbat plot, which involved cubs from
the Children of Gaia being used for demon fodder by a
powerful Tremere Antitribu. The pack intervened and,
with the exception of John, were slaughtered. John blames
himself for the loss of the pack (somewhat unfairly) and
drifted for a while, eventually coming to Asia in 1973,
where he was welcomed by Lungtok, who, unknown to
John, suspects what really happened.

Story Jdeas

I. In the Gothic-Punk world of Werewolf, there is an
entrenched, armed resistance to the Chinese invasion
centered in the Chang-Tang plains. A number of Garou
have joined the revolt, and the Snow Leopards often lend
support. There is a major Chinese military crackdown in
the offing, and certain Wyrm pawns in the Chinese govern-
ment are making sure that there will be enough mystical
support for their troops to crush the resistance and perhaps
the Leopards once and for all.

2. The Red Hat sorcerers are greatly opposed to Chinese
rule and have, for the first time, opened tentative negotia-
tions with the caern. They are honorable, but their
philosophy is so obscure that any ambassador sent by the
sept could fail. The Red Hats' powers are based on illusion.
(If you own Mage: The Ascension, then the Red Hats are
a Chantry of the Akashic Brotherhood.)

3. About 60 miles north of the sept, there is a poisoning
cult that worships the Bon mountain spirit Dargo. Their
poisons cause hallucinations and make victims very suscep-
tible to suggestion. They also reduce a victim's Stamina by
one point per minute until he is unconscious, at which
point the cultists will feed on the victim's life energies. The
cults are very subtle and extremely good at appearing
benign. They also have some experience in dealing with
Garou. Dargo is a mysterious spirit of great size and power,
somehow related to the Wind Incarna.

4. The Blood Stone is a nexus of great power for more
than the simple reason that a Nexus Crawler was killed
here. If Terdak gives in to his curiosity about the stone, he
will cast a type of Spirit Awakening spell that he has
discovered in his readings. This will immediately summon
at least two Nexus Crawlers and will set up a permanent
beacon which will"attract other Wyrm creatures. The
players must find a way to destroy this beacon.

Stargazers: Tibet 12s


" \ —
uN
eS

Wyo Wy, ,

4 2
4
Y Y
oa Z ZZ CP
Caerns: Places of Power


fei: SH

ena: Australia

by Teeuwynn

Beware of organizations that proclaim their devotion to the
light without embracing the dark; for when they idealize half the
world, they must devalue the rest

— Starhawk, Dreaming the Dark

Sept of the Waking

ream

Caern: Katajuta rock formation (the Olgas) in the
Australian Outback

Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Enigmas

Tribal Structure: Closed. Power held by the Uktena
aborigines.

Totems: Uktena

Geography

The Australian Outback is one of the harshest environ-
ments found onall of Gaia. The desert is sunny, blazing hot
and arid, with temperatures climbing to over 130° Fahren-
heit (surface temperatures are over 160°). Rainfall averages
no more than 10 inches per year. Only the aborigines and
the Garou survive unaided by technology in the sere
climate. Most of the Outback is composed of flat, rocky
terrain supporting only a thin layer of grass and a few ghost
gum, mulga and desert casuarina trees.

Uktena: Australia

Katajuta ("many heads") is a series of large, rounded
rocks rising out of the flat expanse of the Outback. The
largest of these rocks, Mt. Olga, is over 1300 feet tall. In
sharp contrast to the rest of the Outback, the land of
Katajuta is protected from the pounding sun and vaporizing
heat by its sheltering monoliths. The many stone "heads"
of Katajuta stand so close to each other that much of the
area receives no more than an hour of sunlight each day,
Consequently, the land is a fertile womb sheltering open
pools of life-giving water and a rich diversity of plant life
seen nowhere else in the Outback. Besides the numerous
gorges found in Katajuta, there is also the larger Valley of
the Winds in which numerous questing Garou have first
heard their true names whispered.

Northeast of the Katajutacaem lie the shifting sandsand
submerged waters of the vast salt lake known as Amadeus,
while to the west and northwest is the trackless red earth
and sand of the Gibson Desert. South of the caer is the
Great Victorian Desert, and beyond that is the mysterious
expanse known as the Nullarbor Plain. Composed of layers
of limestone over 900 feet deep, the Nullarbor Plain sup-
ports almost no plant life, and the small quantity of rain
that falls is immediately absorbed by the soft stone. The
plain is riddled with huge caverns and has
nean lakes. It is a place of both mystery and corruption.

127

‘veral subterra-


Finally, to the east of the caern stands Uluru, known to
the Europeans as Ayers Rock. The mammoth red rock
stands over 1,140 feet high and is roughly two miles long
and one-and-a-half miles wide. It is thought that no more
than a third of the great rock rises above the surface.

Bawn

Due to the extraordinarily low population density (both
human and Garou) and the need to travel vast distances to
find enough food to survive, the bawn of Katajuta caern is
very large. It is bordered on the north by the Macdonell
mountain range, on the east by the tourist town of Alice
Springs and the Macumba river, and on the west by the
Gibson Desert. To the south, the bawn contains both the
Great Victoria Desert and the Nullarbor Plain, ending at
the latter's cliffs overlooking the Great Australian Bight of
the Indian ocean. In all, the bawn extends over an area
more than 400 miles long and 200 miles wide. The Uktena
always have at least one band of scouts patrolling the
farthest reaches of their bawn at any given time.

Center

Cradled deep within the crags of Mt. Ghee lies the Glade
of the Ancestors, consisting of a pool of water surrounded
by ghost gum and bloodbark trees. The aboriginal Uktena
consider these trees to be the past lives of many members of
the sept. Often the sept's Theurges will consult with these
trees in the Dreamtime (the Aboriginal name for the

128

Umbra). When there is a particularly strong threat to the
sept, the bloodbark trees are said to weep sticky blood-red
sap, and the pale white bark of the ghost gums turns a deep
scarlet.

By diving into the pool's depths, the Garou pass from the
kurunba (real world) into the Dreaming Womb, where the
barrier between the kurunba and the Pitantjatjara (Umbra)
is weakest. The Dreaming Womb is the heart of the caern.
Itisa large cave covered with powerful magical symbolsand
ochre paintings redrawn faithfully by the original painter's
descendants. This repainting is necessary to keep the caern
at full strength. If the paintings are allowed to fade too far,
the caern will begin to lose power.

The Dreaming Womb isonly accessible by diving through
the pool in the Glade of the Ancestors.

Landmarks

The Outback has never suffered the ravages of human
evil in the same way thatalmostall other parts of Gaia have
been ravaged by the poisons of the children of the Weaver
and thealliesof the Wyrm. Assuch, the Australian Outback
is more spiritually pristine than much of the world. How-
ever, this is not to say that the Wyrm has not begun to
insinuate itself into even this far corner of Gaia. In the past
few centuries, the Wyrm's taint has begun to infect even
the rugged heart of the Land Down Under. Described below
are some of the more intriguing areas in and around the
caern,

Caerns: Places of Power


The Valley of the Winds

Located just north of the entrance to the Dreaming
Womb, the Valley of the Winds is approximately a mileand
a half wide. This flac plain of red earth is situated between
two "fingers" that are part of Katajuta's many rock forma-
tions.

A Garou of the sept who seeks knowledge and the
guidance of Gaia allows her paws to guide her to whatever
point in the valley feels right. The Garou lies down and
waits to hear what Gaia has to tell her. However, she will
normally wait for no more than one day and two nights for
Gaia's message. Only in the gravest of circumstances will
she wait longer. Death may be her ultimate answer if the
listening Garou stays exposed to the elements for any
greater length of time. Skywalkers hold this place in par-
ticular reverence, and it is these Uktena who most often
receive messages from the land (or so they often claim).

Uluru

The Uktena believe that Uluru, known as AyersRock to
the European newcomers, was once one of the most power
ful caerns on all of Gaia. The caer was tended by the lost
tribe of Garou known as the Bunyip, and the Uktena
believe its totem to be the powerful spirit known as
Imberombera, the Rainbow Serpent.

Although the caern does not seem to be accessible to the
Uktena aborigines of the Sept of the Waking Dream, the
sept firmly believes that the caern is still viable. Every inch
of Uluru has been carefully examined both physically and
spiritually by Uktena Theurges, and they are certain the
power of the great caern awaits only the proper ritual and
the correct ceremony before it will reawaken once more.
But even now, while in deepest dreaming, Uluruhasseveral
important landmarks.

The first of these is on the northwestern comer of the
rock, Great, long grooves mar the rock's surface, travelling
hundreds of yards and continuing to the very edge of Uluru
itself. The Uktena consider this place to be a Grave of
Hallowed Heroes, for it is at this spot, claim some of the
aboriginal Uktena, that the last known Bunyip made their
final stand against the forces of the Wyrm which threat-
ened to defile the great caern of Imberombera. The grooves
are the marks left by the Bunyip's powerful claws as they
fought to keep from being torn away from the rock itselfand
flung to their deaths below. Each groove is thought by the
Uktena to be the proud marker ofa particular Bunyip hero,
and at the terminus of the grooves, large rocks are placed
bearing the strange markings of the Bunyip tribe. Uluru
herself grieves for her lost tribe, turning blood red at sunrise
and sunset as a monument to the lost Garou.

The Uktena with the longest sight say the mighty
Bunyip leader Jintjinjara realized the fight would be lost
and howled out one final command to his sept. As one, the
Bunyip leapt on the great Wyrm-beast they fought, a foul
pestilent mockery of the Rainbow Serpent, biting into its
putrid flesh with their mighty jaws. The combined power

Uktena: Australia

and will of the last of the Bunyip drew the Wyrm-spawn
over the edge of Uluru with the tribe, thus saving the caern
from the Wyrm's foul taint.

The second place of interest on Uluru is a perpetually
open spring near the base of the monolith. Known as
Mutidjula, the open spring contains water year-round, a
rare and wondrous thing in the Outback. Almost all rivers
and springs flow under the surface sands and are difficult to
reach. Mutidjula is a sacred site, a place of healing and
rebirth. Many aborigines, including members of the sept,
choose to give birth to their youngby the watersofMutidjula.
Its waters are soothing and ease the pain of childbirth.

Yullarbor Plain

Beneath the limestone waste of Nullarbor Plain is a vast
network of caverns, complete with underground pools and
streams. It is somewhere in this network that a terrible,
unseen Bane lies dormant. The Wyrm-creature is often said
to be the very one the Bunyips dragged from Uluru's
heights. Terribly wounded and crazed with pain, the crea-
ture wandered for days until it found the cool depths of
Nullarbor Plain.

The Uktena have carved powerful wards into the walls
of the caverns. The most powerful of these can be found at
the largest entrance to the tunnels, a sinkhole known as
Koonalda cave. The Banetender, Kooasca-ki, stands warch
over the Bane, renewing the power of the wards and
watching for signs of the Bane's reawakening. Recently,
Kooasca-ki has reported the disturbing odor of Black Spiral
Dancers in the tunnels.

Umbrascape

The Umbra here is a realm of stark, majestic beauty. The
vivid colors of the Outback are breathtaking, the air vi-
brant with life and power. When travelling the Umbra of
the Outback, Garou from other parts of the world realize
how tainted and impure their homes are. Many a traveller
has returned from his journey with renewed rage over
Gaia's plight. Having viewed a purer world, the illness of
the Garou's homeland is revealed anew.

The Penumbra around the Australian Outback is quite
powerful. Many believe it touches upon a realm known as
the Dreamtime. It is believed that the Gauntlet in the
Outback has remained thinner than anywhere else, allow-
ing such a powerful realm to exist so close to the physical
world. When one enters the Outback Penumbra, one also
entersthe Dreamtime. Theurgesargue about the Dreamtime.
Some say it has ties to the Legendary Realm, Pangaea and
even the Flux Realm, but none know for sure if this is true.
Many have searched the Dreamtime for the Bunyip Home-
land domain, but none have found it, and many doubt it
even exists, Others say that the whole Dreamtime is the
Bunyip Tribal Homeland.

Dreamtime is a place of currents. Here the Umbra shifts
and swirls as if water, all too rare on the physical plain, was
collecting in the Umbra. But the currents of Dreamtime

129


Caerns: Places of Power

run deep, far deeper than perhaps any other domain. Time
itself runs differently here, and the most accomplished
Theurges and Skywalkers can trace their way through past
lives, reaching far deeper into the past than any other
Garou. The Dre:
past lives. Some of these are trees or rocks. From such
ancient lives comes wisdom. But the currents of time are
powerful, and a Garou must never forget her power les
be swept away forever, leaving her body to turn to dust

mtime shows these aboriginal Garou their

she

Other currents are also found in Dreamtime.
these are the Dreaming Paths. These Paths allow a

Among
Jarou

who has learned its secrets to know where she is, and how
to reach her destination, simply by following the correct
Path. Even certain wise aboriginal human shamans know
how to.use these paths, as well as many other secrets of the
Dreamtime, The paths are only visible in the Umbra and
crisscross the continent as they have since the world first
appeared, rising from the ocean of the original Dreamtime
when spirit and flesh were one.

The other residents of note in the Domain are thought
by the Uktena to be the ghosts of the lost Bunyips. Unlike
the Uktena, whose Lupine forms resemble large dingoes,
the Bunyip ghosts appear as the lost (presumably extinct)
Tasmanian wolves. Their low-slung, powerful bodies are
covered with stripes, and their 1

ssive jaws open wider
than the jaws of any wolf. Members of the ghost tribe can
sometimes be persuaded to talk with living Garou. The
Uktena of the sept continually strive to get the ghost tribe
to unlock the secrets of Uluru and the many Bunyip sigils
for them, butso far they have had little success. If the ghosts
reply at all, it is only to ask questions of the Uktena. Of
course, the Uktena do not wish to give away their secrets in
return for only questions and air. Some members of the sept
actually members of the
Bunyip, or if they are ghosts at all. Perhaps, some argue, the
Bunyip have survived and have gone into hiding for their

question whether the ghosts ar

own purposes. Worse yet, they could be of the Wyrm
themselves. (This echoes the thoughts other tribes have
about the Uktena.)

The nearness of the Dreamtime to the caern allows the
Uktena Theurges to make daring leaps into the farthest
reaches of the Umbra, plunging into the oc
Dreamtime. However, the knowledge gained in Dreamtime
is always cryptic, consisting of strange symbols and weird
dreams that must be interpreted by the dreamer. The
knowledge is never granted easily to the seeker.

History

Katajuta was firstestablished when the Uktena Philodox
Calls-to-the-Night attempted to follow a Moon Bridge to
Uluru. Balked at the end of her long journey, Calls-to-the-
Night could not forget the feelings of pain and great power
she had sensed before being rebuffed. Journeyir
several companions, she undertook the dangerous sea voy-
age necessary to reach Australia. When the group arrived in
the Outback in the mid-nineteenth century, they were

ean of the

with


shocked to discover how many of the aborigines were
Kinfolk to the lost Bunyip. None of the Bunyip, however,
were found. Thinking of the Croatan tribe— the lost
brothers of the Uktena tribe— Calls-to-the-Night howled
at her loss as the Uktena and Wendigo mourned their lost

brothers. They vowed to solve the mystery of the Bunyip.

AsCalls-to-the-Nightand hercompanions learned more
of the aborigines, she realized what a vast store of mystical
ed. Additionally, the noble ab-
origines were being decimated by the influx of Europeans

lore these people posse

and the accompanying disease and ignorance of the Wyrm-
ridden settlers, Calls-to-the-Night undertook a visionquest
that took her to Katajuta, There she realized the potential
of the place, and soon, the caern was built,

Over the intervening years, the Uktena of the sept grew
s-to-the-Night and her follow
ers bred with the aborigines and dingoes of the Outback.
The Garou were also determined to aid the aborigines in
their fight to protect sacred ground. In this, the Uktena
have been far more successful than they had hoped, cer-
America, They have
stemmed the European push into the Outback and created
vast areas of land overseen and handled by aborigines
(including the land around Uluru and Katajuta). The town
of Alice Springs lies nearby, and tourists are still permitted
into most parts of Katajuta and Uluru, but many of the
sacred sites are safe from outsiders.

in power and numbers, Cal

tainly more so than their brethren

Unfortunately for the Uktena, although much knowl-
edge has been gained through the teachings of the aborigines,
the secrets of the Bunyip and the power of the Rainbow
Serpent are still lost in the Dreamtime. Unlocking these
secrets is the overriding goal of the current sept

The Sept

‘The members of the Sept of the Waking Dream are all
Uktena, No Garou of any other tribe are allowed member-
ship in the sept, although other Garou are grudgingly (in
some cases extremely grudgingly) allowed access to the
caern if they have what the Uktena consider to be a
legitimate reason. Garou from other tribes are regarded
with greatsuspicion. The sept believes itis sitting on a gold
mine of mystical information. They must explore and
meditate upon this treasure. A less capable tribe would be
corrupted by the vast power revealed. The sept has even
become suspicious of non-aboriginal Uktena in recent
years. However, the current leader believes that such an
insular mentality isolates the sept too much from all other
Garou and inhibits the information that could be found
through a judicious exchange of knowledge. Many others
in the sept disagree with her, especially the Ahroun
Gatekeeper Bathes-in-Blood.

Currently, the sept has begun to believe that Black
Spiral Dancers are beginning to infiltrate the Outback and
corrupt this purest of lands. The sept's leaders are particu-
larly concerned that the Dancers will finda way ofawakening

Uktena: Australia

the Wyrm-spawn lying beneath Nullarbor Plain. The sept's
other main concern is their almost total inability to learn
the secrets of Uluru and thus their inability to access the
Rainbow Serpent totem and caern. Many of the sept would
be willing to contemplate almost anything, even help from
outsiders, if only the riddles of the Bunyip could be solved.

Personalities
Runs-with-Ghosts

Position: Sept Leader
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Uktena

Nature / Demeanor: Maker / Judge

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Empathy 2, Primal-Urge 1,
Leadership 3, Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Occult 3, Politics 3,
Rituals 5, Area Knowledge (Outback) 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Past Life 4.

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Sense Magic, Spirit Speech; (2)
Spirit of the Bird, Command Spirit; (3) Invisibility; (4)
Spirit Ward, Ultimate Argument of Logic

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite ofthe Opened Caern, Rite
of Binding, Rite of Becoming, Rite of Passage, Rite of the
Shrouded Glen, The Hunt, Rite of the Opened Bridge,
Gaia's Vengeful Teeth

Fetishes: Spirit Tracer, Spirit Brush (Level 4, Gnosis
this small brush, when moved lightly over spirit paintings,
calls the spirit depicted to the Garou with the brush. The
spirit cannot resist the call, but is not obliged to aid the
Garou.)

Image: A compact, well-muscled light brown wolf with
white paws and ruff. Even more than others of the sept, she
resembles a dingo. In Homid form, she appears as a young,
smaller-than-average female aborigine with large, soulful
eyes. She wears her unusually long hair in small braids and
is in her late twenties.

Roleplaying Notes: Runs-with-Ghosts always moves
with studied grace. She never makes hasty decisions, listen-
ing intently to all sides of any issue. Once she decides, she
can not be swayed. Runs-with-Ghosts sometimes has a
faraway expression, and there is something intensely
otherworldly about the young leader.

Background: Runs-with-Ghosts is a solemn young
woman who was raised by the Pintjatjara aborigines just
north of Alice Springs. She has spent more time than most
aborigines among the tourists and outsiders and has a good
idea ofboth the danger and opportunity they represent, She
is a smart businesswoman in her own right and knows that

keeping all but the most sacred spots open to tourists keeps
the outsider government from crushing the aborigines. She
thus urges Garou and humans alike to keep the outsiders
away. They must believe they have total access, A thing
freely given is a thing whose value is ignored.

Runs-with-Ghosts is determined to learn the secrets of
the Bunyip. She shares a distant common ancestry with the
tribe and has begun to consider setting forth an open
invitation to Garou adventurers in an attempt to unlock
the secrets of Uluru and the lost Bunyip. Many of the sept
oppose this idea, especially Bathes-in-Blood, but Runs-
with-Ghosts has made up her mind on this. She is backed
by her companion and Master of the Rite, Elspeth
Nametaker, in her conviction to unearth this ancient
knowledge.

Lamurun

Position: Warder

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Uktena

Nature / Demeanor: Visionary / Curmudgeon

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 3, Firearms 2,
Melee 2, Leadership 5, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Enigmas 2,
Rituals 3, Area Knowledge (Outback) 4

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 1, Past Life 2

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Leap of the Kangaroo,
Sense Magic, Shroud; (2) Sense the Unnatural; (3) Call
Flame Spirit, Weak Arm; (4) Gnaw, Roll Over; (5) Song of
the Great Beast

Rage 7, Gnosis 8, Willpower 10

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Gathering
for the Departed, Rite of Wounding, Rite of Passage, Rite
of the Fetish, Rite of the Totem

Fetishes: Fang Dagger, Spirit Whistle, various talens

Image: A large-boned shaggy, brindled wolf with a gray
face and muzzle, Although obviously old, his fur is still full
and shines with health. In Homid form, he is a medium-
built aborigine with startling green eyes and gray hair
whose body is just beginning to show the infirmities of old
age. His face has been aged into great craggy paths by the
burning rays of the Australian sun.

Roleplaying Notes: Shake your head and smile ironi-
cally at the foolishness that so often goes on around you.
Although you no longer leave the caern, you still spend
much of your time in dreamingand areadeptat interpreting
symbols. Watch the body language of others and treat all
with dignity until they prove themselves unworthy (as most
soon do). You seldom speak, but when you do, itis because
the words are so weighty you can no longer hold them.

132 Caerns: Places of Power


Background: Lamurun grew up in the far north with a
group of din oes. Being different both physically and men-
tally, he had a difficult time before he discovered his true
heritage. However, once he was initiated into the sept,
Lamurun began to turn his unique understanding of pat-
terns and symbols to the world around him, even venturing
into human establishments. A great traveller, Lamurun has
spent countless years exploring the continent. Since be-
coming the Warder, Lamurun has been forced to spend too
much time for his taste mediating the internal rivalries of
the tribe and too little time discovering the meanings of old
patterns and mysteries.

In general, Lamurun has supported the policies of the
young leader, Runs-with-Ghosts. He is especially in sup-
port of bringing to bear any powers or persons that could
help the tribe learn the mys of the Bunyip. His support
is the only reason Runs-with-Ghosts has been able to
consider bringing outsiders into the plan. But Lamurun
does favor rigorous testing of all newcomers to the caern,
even those who seek knowledge for themselves from the
Dreaming Womb; only the worthiest should be allowed to
savor such symbols and rich dreaming.

Guardians

Lamurun currently has two packs of young Uktena
serving as guardians for the caern. Atall times, one of these
packs st
caern, guarding the perimeter of Katajuta itself as well as
keeping an eye on Uluru. The pack on duty at the caer
ensures that no unbidden outsiders stumble into or defile

's within the area immediately surrounding the

On

A

I$
"~
>>

the sacred sites and caer itself. The pack will also fero-
ciously attack any Wyrm minions who attempt to learn the
secrets of Uluru and Katajuta. (In some cases, they will
attack outsider Garou who do not first petition the sept for
permission to examine the caern.)

The second pack undertakes a grueling circuit, spanning
the entire range of the vast bawn under the sept's protec
tion. Such a circuit can take more than one full turning of
the moon to complete, and the territory crossed is cruel in
the extreme. But it is the burning sands of the Outback that
temper the sept's guardians into the keenest of weapons to
slice at the mind and heart of the Wyrm.

The two packs rotate duties, and the members of both
packs are fanatically loyal to Lamurun. Although the two
packs maintain a friendly rivalry, the current leaders— the
female Galliard Leaps-the-Wind and the male Ahroun
Biting Fang— are bitter enemies. The Homid Leaps-the-
Wind believes the non-Kin aborigines should be cared for
and honored, while the lupus Biting Fang thinks only
aboriginal Kinfolk should be allowed within the bawn, a
that all other humans should be killed upon entering the
sept's protected grounds. It is only their respect for Lamurun
that has kept the two from each other's throats.

Kwik-Kwik, the Ragabash Keeper of the Land, also
maintains close contact with the two packs, often checking
in with the pack currently roaming the Outback. Kwik-
Kwik is a tiny lupus male who concerns himself only with
the rhythms of life and death in the Outback. Mild in
demeanorand unconcerned with politics, Kwik-Kwik fights
with the strength of ten when minions of the Wyrm or
human degradation threaten his precious Outback

ind

Kooasca-Ki

Position: Banetender
Metis

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Uktena (Banetender)

Nature / Demeanor: Autist / Deviant

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl I, Dodge 3, Performance |,
Stealth 4, Survival 3, Enigmas 5, Medicine 2, Occult 4,
Rituals 3, Wyrm Lore (Banes) 3, Geography 2

Backgrounds: Past Life 4

Gifts: (1) Mindspeak, Sense Magic, Sense Wyrm; (2)
Burrow, Call of the Wyrm, Dreamspeak, Grovel; (3) Eyes
of the Car, Invisibility, Mental Speech

Rage 4, Gnosis 9, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Ritual of the Qu
Rite of Binding, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Ri
ing, Ritual of Summoning, Rite of the Fetish

Bree

ting Stone,
of Becom-

Dreamtime Feather (Level 3, Gnosis 7;
ather was found by Kooasca-ki in the

Uktena: Australia 133


caverns of Nullarbor Plain. It comes from the Dreamtime
Birdand allows the bearer to see with opened eyesall things
normally invisible to humans, including spirits and
Dreamtime Paths).

Image: A hairless, pale-skinned dingo with dark stripes
along his hindquarters. The jaws are oversized, and the eyes
are too small for his large head. In Homid form, he is a
hairless aborigine with blotched skin and an exceptionally
large nose that looks to have been broken several times.
Ritual scars in the form of wards cover most of Kooasca-ki's
body in both forms. He is in his late twenties.

Roleplaying Notes: Speak in seeming non-sequiturs
and watch for the reactions of those around you. Don't ever
giveaway information easily. Absently scratch yourselfand
cock your head at odd angles. Be weird.

Background: Kooasca-ki ("Rat-Born") was born with
the shame of being a metis. His mother disappeared shortly
after his birth, and he was raised by various members of the
sept— it was a chore to be passed around. However, as
Kooasca-ki grew, his relationship with the Dreamtime
blossomed. In particular, he found a strong talent for
understanding creatures not of the physical earth: Banes,
faeries and spirits of all kinds. After cornering a Bane and
fighting a vicious battle (in which Kooasca-ki harnessed
the spirit's power for himself), he realized that he was born

anetender. Within six turnings of the moon,
took on the role of Banetender under Nullarbor

The Nullarbor Plain particularly suits Kooasca-ki. Heno
longer has to face the contempt of the sept, and his tender
skin is protected from the blazing Australian sun. Addi-
tionally, he believes he can learn much from the sleeping
Bane in his charge, and he has begun to attempt entering
into the spirit's foul dreams. Recently, he hasalso suspected
that Imberombera, the Rainbow Serpent, may lie dreaming
beneath Uluru, He is eager to discover more of this and will
use any agent he can to do so. He cannot leave the caverns
for long; doing so would risk the Bane's awakening.

Kooasca-ki bitterly resents the prying of the Earth Guide,
Rite Master Elspeth Nametaker. Worried she will force him
to leave his place of learning, Kooasca-ki has not told the
sept that he is now sure Black Spiral Dancers are active
somewhere in the southernmost parts of the caverns. In-
stead, he has made only vague references to the possibility
(so as not to appear ignorant if they should be discovered).
His fear of Elspeth has grown so great that Kooasca-ki has
even thought of consorting with certain lesser Banes in
order to rid himself of her, but has resisted the whisperings
of his own mind... so far.

Elspeth Nametaker
Position: Master of the Rite
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge
Tribe: Uktena (Earth Guide)

Nature / Demeanor: Director / Director

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Brawl 2, Empathy 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3,
Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Meditation 2, Survival 2, Herbalism 1,
Enigmas 4, Occult 4, Politics 2, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Familiar Spirit 2, Past Life 2,
Kinfolk 3

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Persuasion, Sense Magic,
Sense Wyrm; (2) Sight From Beyond; (3) Command Spirit,
Pulse of the Invisible

Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Willpower 7

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Talisman Dedication,
Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Rite of Binding,
Baptism of Fire, Rite of Becoming, Ritual of Summoning,
Stone of Scorn, Rite of the Totem, Rite of the Shrouded
Glen

Fetishes: Phoebe's Veil, Star Beads (Level 4, Gnosis 7;
this string of australite beads, or meteor fragments, is
connected to the stars themselves, The bearer of the beads,
when concentrating, can remove herself from a situation
enough to discern the true intentions of others, as if she
were a star in the Umbra witnessing the whole tapestry of
interactions.)

Image: A thin boned reddish-brown wolf with dark
points, a dark face and particularly long fangs. In Homid
form, Elspeth appears as a lanky, sharp featured, chocolate
brown aborigine with short, spiky hair. She is in her mid-
twenties and wears loose, shapeless red or brown gowns.

Roleplaying Notes: Elspeth has a vibrant voice, her
‘most beautiful and compelling feature. She is insightful and
very well read on a number of subjects. Her knowledge of
Europeans and the outside world far surpasses that of almost
any other member of the sept, and it shows in her worldly
speech and mannerisms. While in Homid form, Elspeth
constantly fingers her string of australite beads.

Background: Elspeth grew up in the town of Alice
Springs. She was a bright woman determined to leave her
small town background to become a brilliant scientist—
instead of a second-class citizen like the rest of the aborigi-
nes. But during the traumatic claiming of her birthright,
Elspeth's aspirations changed dramatically. Suddenly her
eyes looked upon an enlarged world, and at last her mother's
teachings of the Dreamtime and her heritage made sense.

Still obsessed with knowledge, Elspeth took the name of
an ancient European witch she had read about and was
determined to discover the secrets of the Wyrm. She
pledged to use that powerful knowledge to destroy the
Wyrm and its minions. She has made great progress for one
so young and is respected by the sept, even receiving dreams
about the Rainbow Serpent and how she slumbers waiting
for more pure ones to awaken her. Elspeth believes the key

134 Caerns: Places of Power


to the mysteries is Uluru, and that somewhere underneath
the monolith lies Imberombera herself.

Elspeth sometimes ranges far into the Deep Umbra in
search of answers to her many questions, and she is adept at
forcing spirits to do her bidding. She is currently concerned
that Kooasca-ki is coming under the sway of the Great Bane
he guards. Although she has begun to sanction rites involv-
ing greater danger in order to secure more knowledge and
power, Elspeth has lulled herself into believing no Bane is
capable of tainting her. This may prove to be her downfall.

As Master of the Rite, Elspeth is actively involved in
every ritual performed at the caern itself. More so than even
most other Uktena septs, the Sept of the Waking Dream is
constantly attempting voyages into Dreamtime and at-
tempting to harness the powers of spirits both benign and
malevolent. Elspeth is willing to allow great risks to both
herself and others of the sept if the possible knowledge to be
gained is great enough. However, she is adamant that her
companion and sept leader Runs-with-Ghosts be protected
at all times.

Bathes-in-Blood

Position: Gatekeeper / Master of the Challenge

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Uktena

Nature / Demeanor: Bravo / Alpha

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 2,
Survival 4, Enigmas 1, Occult 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Past Life 2

Gifts: (1) Razor Claws, Shroud, Smell of Man; (2) Spirit
of the Bird, Staredown; (3) Heart of Fury

Rage 9, Gnosis 4, Willpower 8

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Binding, Ritual of Summoning

Fetishes: Kurdaitcha (Level 5, Gnosis 8; the Kurdaitcha
isapairof shoes made of the blood and feathers of Dreamtime
Birds. The shoes aid the warrior in battle allowing her to
soak an additional die of damage per hit, as well as giving
her blows ancient power, adding a die to each of her
attacks.)

Image: A heavily muscled rough wolf the color of sable.
She is missing one ear and has ritual scars on her back and
flanks (in both forms). In Homid form, she is a large
aboriginal woman in her mid to late thirties with a broad
face and piercing eyes. She wears traditional aboriginal loin
cloths and often paints her body with ochre.

Roleplaying Notes: You are suspicious of all outsiders.
Your body language is very intimidating, as is your cold
stare. Only speak to outsiders when it is possible to threaten

or intimidate. To those of the sept, speak shortly, but go
easier on the bully act.

Background: Bathes-in-Blood grew up as one of the few
remaining Kunjula aborigines. Her twin sister was killed by
drunken hunters while the two adolescents were playing
near their home. Withdrawing into herself in shock and
pain, Bathes-in-Blood refused to say a word for over a year.
It was then that she was found by the sept and brought to
the caern. Her realization of her true self brought Bathes-
in-Blood back to the world, but her hatred of all who would
threaten her world is utterly complete. She is particularly
fond of stalking small hunting parties and ripping poachers
apart.

Bathes-in-Blood is a powerful warrior who sees her twin
roles as Gatekeeper and Master of the Challenge as vitally
important and extremely serious. It is a measure of her
power that she holds wo such important positions in the
sept. Although she never breaks the rules of challenge, her
tests are always as difficult as she can make them so that the
fewest number of petitioners gain access to the caern. She
particularly hates the Shadow Lords. She lost her right ear
in combat to one of them years ago.

Bathes-in-Blood believes that Runs-with-Ghosts and
Elspeth Nametaker are too intent on discovering knowl-
edge, forgetting thesaiietityofcdemn andsept. She constantly
searches for a way toconfronteitherofthese two so that she
might beat themina challenge and gain greater control of
her sept. Then she could isolate the tribe utterly, thus
keeping her peoplesaife, She has evéh begun to lose respect
for Lamurun, who too often takes the middle ground
instead of baring his fangs and taking the high ground as
Bathes-in-Blood does.

Story Jdeas

1. One of the player characters receivesa vision of Bane
coming out of the earth and ravaging a parched and barren
land, a land pure to Gaia, The land is Australia, and the
Bane sleeps under the Nullarbor Plain. Can they get to the
caern and warn theysepe?/Willlthe,sept's ethnocentric
attitude cause them to disbelieve the characters? What can
the pack dost prove their good intent? They. may have to
take a quest for the sept, one that will take them into the
Dreamtime.

2. The pack encounters Bunyip ghost in the Umbra (an
emanation) and heat ofthe caera in Australia. Something
about the ghost may give them a clue to awakening the
Rainbow Serpent.

3. The characters accidentally come to the Dreamtime
after adventures in the Legendary RealmporPangaca (see
Umbra: The Velvet Shadow). Thete, the Garou learn of their
link toall life through theplant, stone and animal ancestor
spirits (past lives) of Uktena and Bunyip there.

Uktena: Australia 135


$
5
4
S
>
Ps
8
Ss
x
3
S
8
oC


by Roveri
Sept of the Painted
Sands

Caern: Mesa del Lobo, Navajo Indian Reservation,
Arizona

Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Stamina and Strength
Tribal Structure: Wendigo

Totems: The Hero Twins: Monster Slayer and Child of
the Water

Geography

In the northwest corner of Arizona lies the Navajo

Indian Reservation. The reservation laps over into

Mexico and Utah, though not into Colorado (whe:

it
ian Reservation). The land
is mostly deserts and mountains, with spectacular
and mesas. Monument Valley, made famous by scores of
Hollywood westerns, is part of the reservation,
Canyon de Chelly (pronounced "de Shay"). The Na
number upwards of 120,000 and administer the res
through the Tribal Council. The Navajo are citi:
Unit

ernment. Permits to use the land for hunting, fishing or

borders the Ute Mountain In

‘anyons

as is the

ajo

ation
s of the

d States, but have near complete autonomy of gov-

ck Ro

Wendigo: Arizona

bertson

other activities musty be obtained from the Tribal Council

as well as the Federal Governmer

Ten miles east of the Canyon de Chelly, just to the west
of the Chuska mountains, stands a lone mesa known as the
Mesa del Lobo, the Mesa of the Wolf. The mesa rises about
850 feet above the surrounding terrain. A spire, known as
the Wolf's Tail, rises a further 50 feet above the southern
end of the mesa. The u is 2 miles long and 3/4 of amile
wide. The Caer of the Painted Sands is the entire plateau
of the mesa. The hogan of the Wendigo sept is on the north
end, as well as a sweat lodge and a few other buildings.

Bawn

The bawn of the caern extends several miles from the

base of the mesa and includes a small settlement of Kinfolk

on the only road past the m The five families of the

settlement have several means to alert the Garou on the
mesa. These include smoke or mirrors by day, and powerful
lights or fires by night

In addition to the established boundaries of the bawn,
the sept oversees much of the N:
The sept's territory extends from the middle of C:
Chel!
the south,

jo Indian reservation.

nyon de

n Juan River in the north, Fort De
d the edge of the r
territory covers nearly 1300 square miles. In the south, the
Santa Fe Railroad owns a checkerboard of land: every other
forty mile strip to the north of the rail line
is owned by the rail compar

y to the

square mile i

yand a second forty mile strip

137


lies south of the line. The line parallels Route 66 and runs
between Gallup and Flagstaff. This checkerboard is the site
of many clashes between the Garou and the Wyrm-ridden
trains of the Santa Fe

To the northeast is the reservation of the Ute Mountain
tribe, home of the Sees-Far Tortoise Sept of Uktena Garou
The Sees-Far Tortoise Sept has been an enemy of the
Painted Sands Sept since the creation of the caern. They
want to recover the lands ‘stolen' a thousand years ago
when the Wendigo and their Kinfolk migrated from Canada.
The west is the territory of two Wendigo septs, the Tall
Rock Sept, based in Monument Valley, and the Two Foot
Red Sept, which hasasizable Uktena Hopi population. The
south is patrolled by creatures of the Wyrm to keep the
Garou from getting near the railway, which often trans-
ports uranium and other Wyrm-tainted products.

Center

The center of the caer is the entire plateau of the Mesa
del Lobo. At the north end of the caern are a hogan and a
sweat lodge, the only non-natural features on the mesa.
The southern end of the mesa is dominated by the Wolf's
Tail. Specific areas of the caern are special places. Each
area is dedicated to one of the major spirits. In addition to
the surface of the plateau, several caves in the sides of the
mesa

Rites are generally enacted by either drawing a sand
ting portraying the spirits to be invoked or holding a

re used in rites.

Wolf's Tooth Spirit

Rage 6, Willpower 5, Gnosis 7, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Block Umbral Travel (Cost 3;
no matter what direction a spirit approaches the caern,
it must stop and face the teeth in combat or negotia-
tion), Combat Coordination (Cost 2; each tooth that

spends the power may join the battle, ganging up on
attackers. The Teeth are intelligent enough to call for
aid from their brothers)

Alll sept members carry a Tooth of the Wolf fetish]
(Level 3, Gnosis 7), which contains one Wolf's Tooth]
Spirit which may be invoked by the owner.

‘sing' to produced the desired effects. The four gr
spirits of the Navajoare Changing Woman, Father Sun
the Hero Twins, although the Hero twins are always in-
voked together. Rites for these spirits require large (10 foot
square or larger) sand paintings. Just north of the center of
the caern is the area dedicated to the Hero Twins, who ward
against evil. To the east of the center is the area for Father
Sun, while Changing Woman is invoked to the west
Lesser Spirits include the Failed-to-Speak-People (Wa-
ter Sprinkler, Fringed Mouth, Hunchback), the
Nature-People (Coyote, Big Snake Man, Crooked Snake
People, Thunder People, Wind People) and the Messen-
gers (Big Fly, Corn Beetle, Spider Man). These lesser spirits
are invoked with smaller paintings, and their powers are

on a

NEW MEXICO

138 Caerns: Places of Power


proportionately smaller. Some spirits have specific areas
from which they are invoked. Others, especially less
popular ones, can be invoked from any area not otherwise
dedicated

All spirits, with the notable exception of Ch:
Woman, are not necessarily benign. Improper rites or

paintings can summon an angry aspect or spirit, and even
with proper rites, the spirits must be appeased. Much of any

rite performed isappeasement and supplication foraid. The
spirits can never be threatened (though they can be fought

normally).

Landmarks

Beside the features noted above, totem markers for slain
Garou decorate a cave on the north side of the mesa. Here
the sf

s of the dead protect the caern from evil. The
totems are small sticks with "medicine bundles": small
cloth or leather bags are filled with assorted seeds,
furs and feathers. These totems make up the teeth of the
Wolf in the Umbra and contain spirits which may or may
not be related to the dead Garou. The spirits are roughly
equivalent in Rage and Gnosis to the Garou they represent,
and some may even show some of the same traits, but this
may be attributed to the contents of the medicine bundle
in which the spirit is contained.

Umbrascape

On the spirit plane, the mesa is a majestic wolf-shaped

earth,

mass, decorated with gigantic sand paintings on the top and
sides, The sand paintings feature the Hero Twins, and when
seen from a distance, all the paintings blend harmoniously
into a picture of a gigantic, snarling wolf. The wolf faces
north, the traditional direction of Evil. The Wolfs Tail is
acurved rock arch, supported only on the south. The hogan
of the Garou makes up one eye of the wolf and is made of
turquoise, abalone shell, jet and other colored stones and

beads. The yellow and brown sweat lodge is the other eye,

made of naturally painted rocks. When seen from a dis-

tance, it looks like a wolf eye.

When visiting the caer from the Umbra, a spirit or
Garou must pass the Wolf's Teeth. They are Gaffling spirits
protecting the caern from hostile spirits. Ther
teeth, which can all aid in defense of the caern. When seen
from the Umbra, the head of the wolf turns to meet
n if they approach from different
directions. There is no "back door" to the caer.

History

The Navajo, and their cousins the Apache, migrated
stern C da to the area now known as the Four
Corners region (where Arizona, Utah, Colorado and New
Mexico come together) sometime between 800 and 1400
AD. The Navajo called themselves Dine', meaning "the
Along with their kin, Garou migrated as well. The

e many

oncoming spirits, ev

from w

id

People"

Wendigo: Arizona


Navajo Garou were of the Wendigo tribe and forced their
way into lands held by the Uktena. Since that time, the
Navajo and their Garou have be targets of raids and
warfare from the surrounding tribes. The nomadic Navajo
retaliated, raiding the pueblos and farms of their neighbors
for grain and animals. The white man brought horses to the
New World, and the Navajo adopted the new animal with
enthusiasm.

The United States seiz

d control of New Mexico in
1846. In 1851, Fort Defiance was built near the Canyon de
Chelly, a great natural fortress used by the Navajo. Raiding
parties were unfazed by the soldiers at the Fort. By 1861, the
fort was abandoned with the outbreak of the Civil War.
Between 1861 and 1863, there was no government pres-
ence in the New Mexico Territory, and the inhabitants
took the opportunity to mount major raids, both for loot
and vengeance. The Garou in the Navajo tribe feared little
of the Wyrm. Incursions of the white soldiers were beaten
back each time, leaving little for the minions of the Wyrm
to corrupt. Some Navajo, admittedly, acquired bad habits,
such as drinking hard liquor and showing disrespect for
nature, but for the most part, the Garou had little to fear.

The caern was established to aid the Garou defenders of
the Navajo during the war against the United States in
1863. As the forces of Kit Carson and General James
Carleton raided deep into Navajo territory, seve
Navajo Garou gathered at Mesa del Lobo and performed
the Rite of Caern Opening. Several days of preparation
preceded the rite. The shamans gathered the sands, seeds
and other components of a large (20' x 20') sand painting
portaying the spirits to be invoked. All Garou took ritual

I septs of

140

ite
PE ne a Cl
LLMAEZS AS

EGP OE
baths and vigils, They purified theif bodies and their minds
Beginning ‘at the instant of sundown, and
continuing until dawn, the sha ated the sand
painting depicting the Twin Heroes. Howls-at-Death, the
chief shaman, chanted all night, aided by sacred smoke and
peyote. As the sun rose in the east, the Hero Twins
manifested to Howls-at-Death, lending their strength and
endurance to the Garou.

for the tas

ans ci

The Hero Twins are the children of the Sun and Chang-
ing Woman, and are the embodiment of Navajo warrior
virtues. Their exploits serve as examples for young Navajo
to emulate, and together they are the third most important
feature of the Navajo myths and legends. Each of the Twins
contributed one aspect to the caern. From Monster Slayer
comes the Strength aspect of the caern, while Child of the
Water provides Stamina.

The Garou successfully raided the army of the white
soldiers, but even they could not change the course of the
war, The whites were aided by other Indians: Ute, Pueblo
and even renegade Navajo warriors. The steeply cut gullies
of the Canyon de Chelly, once the natural fortress of the
Navajo, were penetrated by the soldiers, who killed war-
riors and stock and put tons of grain to the torch. The
Navajo began to surrender as winter advanced and priva-
tion took its toll. By May of 1864, over 8,000 Navajo, from
an estimated 10,000, were held at Fort Sumner in Bosque
Redondo, having made the "Long March" of 400 miles to
the fort. The Navajo were held for five years, then released
The once great sheep flocks of the Navajo had been sold or
killed, their pasture and farmland had been untended for
years, and their homes were burned.

Caerns: Places of Power


The Sept of the Painted Sand spent most of those five
years leading guerrilla raids against the whites, Utes and

Pueblo Indians, as well as supernatural enemies. Among

the native auxiliaries and white soldiers were two septs of

Garou— one of Uktena and one for the Get of Fenris. In
1867

after, the

1 truce between the Garou was pledged, and soon
avajo interned at Bosque R
their ancestral land. The intervening ye
kind to the

londo returned to
s had not been

and or the Navajo.
Returning to ruined pasturage and depleted herds, the
Navajo were expected to apply the white man's methods to

any

grazing the

their lives. Many died of starvation ot exposure, and 1

more built their sheep flocks too quickly, ov
land.

The Santa Fe Railway acquired a right of way across
southern Navajo lands in the 1880's, including a ‘checker-
board' forty miles wide built of mile-square parcels. With

the completion of the railroad, traders moved into Navajo

lands, setting up trading posts where the Navajo could buy
alcohol, manufactured goods and other items which swiftly
eroded their way of life. The y
long ma
man and
the Painted Sands kept the knowledge of the tribe alive and
tried to teach it toall that would listen. The sept tried to
the tribal councils of the N;
of the reservation, but white Indian agents, store owners
and Wyrm

tion to exploitation.

"ars after the return from the

h saw many Navajo take up the ways of the white

nounce the ways of their ancestors. The Sept of

avajo to keep the white man out

nts forced the Navajo to open the reserva-

The reservation slid slowly towards extinction due to
flock overcrowding, liquor and blatant exploitation by
whites. The Sept of the Painted Sands tried many paths to
ment, but paradoxi
it was a project of the Wyrm that restored the

bring the Navajo back to spiritual alig
call

spirit. In the 1940s, the reserves of uranium

Javajo

n the reserva-

tion were appropriated by the Federal Government to

produce the nuclear bombs that ended the Second World
War. Many Navajo were hired to work in the mines, and
many contracted cancer as a result. The workers were
abandoned by the government afterwards, and the Garou
were able to capitalize on the resentment felt by the Navajo
at this shabby treatment. The tribe hired lawyers, sued the
ind won their case in 1990,

The Sept

The Sept of the Painted Sands consists of nine Garou, all
of Navajo Wendigo stock. They maintain the caern and try
to teach their Navajo neighbors to defend themselves from

Government

the evils the white man brings. Three members of the sept

have started a youth program in nearby towns, teaching the

young men and women of their heritage and instilling a

sense of pride in their past. Children are warned about
alcohol, the abuse of tobacco (a sacred herb) and even soda
pop. Each summer, the children are led on wilderness hikes
to show them how their ancestors lived on the land and
revered it. In this way, the Garou hope to restore the

Wendigo: Arizona


Navajo's reverence for the land and todrive the Wyrm from
a small part of it. The sept belongs to the Sacred Hoop
society of the Wendigo Tribe, a society that proposes
unification of all Garou tribes and a return to tribal values.

Enemies of the sept include the Sees-Far Tortoise Sept of
the Ute Uktena Garou, a surprising number of traders and
store owners, and the Santa Fe railway, now owned by a
many-times removed subsidiary of Pentex, Inc.

The Sees-Far Tortoise clan wants the sept off land which
was "stolen" nearly a thousand years ago. The shopkeepers
are making their living selling liquor and other Wyrm-
tainted objects to the "Injuns", and the railroad is a major
transporter of uranium ore and a target of Garou raids.

Personalities
Cania Ear-to-the-Earth

Position: Sept Leader

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Fang (Ahroun)

Tribe: Wendigo

Nature / Demeanor: Judge / Alpha

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 4, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Lead-
ership 5, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Instruction 1, Enigmas 1,
Occult 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Past Life 2

Gifts: (1) Call the Breeze, Heightened Senses, Leap of
the Kangaroo, Razor Claws; (2) Cutting Wind, Scent of
Sight, Sense the Unnatural, True Fear; (3) Catfeet, Sky
Running; (4) Gnaw

Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rank: 4

Rites: Baptism of Fire, Rite of Talisman Dedication,
Ritual of the Questing Stone, Moot Rite, Gathering for the
Departed, Rite of Wounding, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of
Praise, The Hunt

Fetishes: Tooth of the Wolf, Elk Tooth Necklace

Image: Tania is still in her mid-twenties. She is missing
her left hand (her left forepaw in Lupus), which was lost to
a creature of the Wyrm in an attack on the railroad. As a
wolf, she is light gray with black markings on her chest and
face.

Roleplaying Notes: You rose to your current rank by
thinking before acting. Listen to all sides of a debate, then
make adecision. Do not let discussion drag out: be decisive.

Background: The daughter of Glass Bird, the previous
Sept Leader, Tania was brought up knowing that the sept
would be hers one day. She was leading raiding parties
almost as soon as she could control her transformation. Her
training proceeded well until three years ago when her
father was killed bya Bane defendinga train on the railroad.

142

Tania easily filled her father's place in the sept, and feels
secure in her position.

Tania is young for her post, but has proved her tactical
sense and leadership qualities in several key raids against
the Santa Fe Railroad. She is active in the youth program,
which started with Janice Clear-Drink and Ann Susan
Black Horse in Window Rock. Tania has a particular
hatred for the Santa Fe Railroad — many of her Kinfolk
died mining uranium in the fifties.

Red Stone Water

Position: Master of the Challenge

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Fang (Ahroun)

Tribe: Wendigo

Nature / Demeanor: Judge / Director

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Expression 1, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 3,
Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Leadership 1,
Stealth 2, Archery 3, Weaving 3, Computer 1, Law 1,
Occult 1, Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Kinfolk 3, Fetish 2

Gifts: (1) Call the Breeze, Inspiration, Persuasion, Razor
Claws; (2) Cutting Wind, Jam Technology, Sense Silver

Rage 7, Gnosis 3, Willpower 8

Rank: 2

Rites: None

Fetishes: Tooth of the Wolf, three Bane Arrows,
Lagomorph's Boon

Image: A weathered woman apparently in her mid-
forties, with a limp. Her Lupus form has many scars which
deform her otherwise distinct black and white markings.

Roleplaying Notes: When not involved in official du-
ties, be pleasant but wary. As Master of the Challenge, your
word is law when judging disputes. You will fight any who
dispute your judgment.

Background: Red Stone Water grew up in one of the
small towns on the reservation, and her father imbued in
her a hunger for justice. Her first transformation came as
little surprise to her or her Kinfolk family. She rose through
the ranks in her pack and was chosen two years ago to be the
Master of the Challenge for the Sept.

Water is renowned asa tracker, but her value to the sept
is as the Master of the Challenge. She is a master of combat
herself, and few dare challenge her decrees. She often
scouts the way for Tania Ear-to-the-Earth and the other
Garou in their raids on the railroad. When she is not
scouting or raiding, she likes to weave, making garments for
the sept members. Stone is in her late thirties, though she
looks at least fifteen years older. She has limp from a fight
afew years ago, and sometimes, on wet mornings, she needs
accane to walk. She is considering stepping down from her

Caerns: Places of Power


position, perhaps to become Gatekeeper after Longstar's
death or retirement.

John Big Fish

Position: Master of the Rite

Breed: Lupus

Auspicet Shaman (Theurge)

Tribe: Wendigo

Nature / Demeanor: Traditionalist / Caregiver

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 1,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 3,
Animal Ken 1, Melee 1, Leadership 3, Performance 3,
Stealth 1, Survival 2, Area Knowledge (Navajo Reserva-
tion) 5, Herbalism 5, Instruction 3, Meditation 2, Enigmas 3,
Occult 3, Rituals 5, Wyrm Lore 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Past Life 4

Gifts: (1) Call the Breeze, Heightened Senses, Leap of
the Kangaroo, Persuasion, Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2)
Command Spirit, Sense the Unnatural, Name the Spirit,
Speak with the Wind Spirits; (3) Detect Spirits; (4)
Attunement

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot
Rite, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of Binding, Rite of
Fire, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of
Passage, Stone of Scorn, Rite of the Totem, Rite of the
Opened Bridge

Fetishes: Tooth of the Wolf, Gnostic Bag, Spirit Tracer

Image: An old Navajo with white hair and plenty of
wrinkles. In Lupus form, he is an old brown wolf with a gray
muzzle,

Roleplaying Notes: Think of Grandfather from Little
Big Man. John speaks in a fairly fatalistic manner.

Quote: "Sometimes the magic works."

Background: John has had a full life and is lookingahead
tohis death. Like most of the sept, he always knew what he
was, and the Change came as no surprise. He was trained
early in his new life to become the Master of the Rite,
apprenticed under One-Ear Snarls, the previous holder of
the post. In addition to the Garou rituals, John is also a
"Chanter", the Navajo equivalent of the Masterof the Rite.

Heisin his eighties, and he tries to hide his failinghealth
from the rest of the sept. In his last remaining years, he is
trying to teach all he knows to Longstar and Janice Clear
Drink so that the old ways do not die out with him. In
addition to his duties around the caern, he is in demand for
"sings" in the rest of the reservation, He regularly travels to
towns throughout the reservation, invariably taking Janice
Clear Drink with him, not only for her apprenticeship, but
also as a guard and nurse.

Wendigo: Arizona

Michael George

Position: Caer Warder

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Moon-Dancer (Galliard)

Tribe: Wendigo

Nature / Demeanor: Survivor / Gallant

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 5, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 5, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3,
Subterfuge 1, Swimming I, Animal Ken 2, Melee 1, Lead-
ership 4, Performance 5, Stealth 3, Survival 3, Area
Knowledge (Bawn) 3, Demolitions 2, Kailindo 3, Enigmas 4,
Investigation 2, Meditation 2, Occult 4, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 1

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Call of the Wyld, Call the
Breeze, Camouflage, Heightened Senses; (2) Eye of the
Eagle, Sense the Unnatural, Speak with the Wind Spirits;
(3) Detect Spirit; (4) Call the Cannibal Spirit

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5

Rank: 4

Rites: Ritual of the Questing Stone, Rite of Ostracism,
The Badger's Burrow

Fetishes: Tooth of the Wolf, Fang Dagger, Klaive

Image: Michael appears asia well-weathered Navajo, the
sort that tourists want to photograph asa "genuine Indian".
In Lupus form, he is a large brown and gray wolf with a
perpetual grin.

Roleplaying Notes: When around non-Indians, use
stereotypical "Hollywood Indian" style of speaking. Relax-
ing with your kin, you are articulate and enjoy making
jokes.

Background: Michael George came to the Change late
in life, and he still thinks of himself as a man who can
become a wolf (rather than a Garou). Michael served in
Vietnam, earning several medals for valor (his superiors
were amazed that he never won the Purple Heart). On
returning to the reservation, Michael began to apply the
trickshe had learned in the jungles to the desert. He trained
a little in karate, and later was accepted by a Master of
Kailindo, the Garou martial art. Michael has offered to
teach the others of the sept in this art, but only Janice and
Ann Susan have taken up his offer.

While most septs may have a Fang (Ahroun) for their
defense, Michael George is instead a Moon-Dancer and is
renowned for his cunning. He prefers to guard the sept by
stealth and misdirection, instead of direct force. Asa young
soldier in Vietnam, he learned tricks of guerrilla warfare,
and his keen mind converted them to the arid gullies and
hills of his homeland. Michael has established a number of
bases in the reservation where the Garou can observe,
harass or hide from the Wyrm and the white man. The trails
leadingup the Mesa del Lobo are ll trapped with rock slides

143


and deadfalls, which can be triggered by Michael or Red
Stone Water. Michael
the Kinfolk at the bottom of the mesa, which can signal the
approach of friends or enemies. When fighting, Michael is
a master of dirty tricks

Jron Horse Walker

Position: Keeper of the Land

Breed: Homid

Auspicet Trickster (Ragabash)

Tribe: Wendigo

Nature / Demeanor: Confidant / Confidant

Attributes: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 5,
Expression 5, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 3,
Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Performan
Stealth 5, Area Knowledge (Mesa del Lobo) 3, Enigmas 2,
Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Past Life 4

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Call the Breeze,
Camoutlage, Persuasion; (2) Blissful Ignorance, Jam Tech-
nology; (3) Reshape Object

Rage 4, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

0 set up a number of codes with

Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Rite of
Spirit Awakening, Rite of the Hunting Ground

Fetishes: Tooth of the Wolf, Tears of Gaia, Clear Water,
Spirit Broom (Level 3, Gnosis 5; the spirit broom is made

from the wing of an eagle, hawk or other bird. Sweeping a
spiritually polluted area or person in the physical world
with the Spirit Broom helps the user deal with the spiritual
blight. It reduces the infecting Spirit's Gnosis by 2 and
halves the time needed to complete the Rite of Cleansing.)

Image: Iron Horse Walker is fastidious, gentle and soft-
spoken. He dresses in silk shirts and designer jeans cut to
"western" styles. As a wolf, he is brown with highly con-
trasting white markings

Roleplaying Notes: Iron Horse is in touch with both the
male and female sides of his nature, and should portrayed as
ing, use visual imagery

scribe things.

Background: Born Joseph Tall G
grew up in Flagstaff as part of a la
away from the reservation. By the z
sensitivity beyond his years. At school, he was teased and
insulted. The other students called him "squaw" and other
derogatory names. He spent a lot of time either working in
a garden plot in the backyard or cleaning up his neighbor-
hood. He noticed an old dog in his wanderings. It stayed
first, butsoon joined him. One night, aftera beating
by his father, Joseph ran off into the desert, where he w:
joined by Old Dog and the rest of his pack. Ther
from town, the wolves changed shape and gave Joe a new
beginning. He earned the name Iron Horse Walker when
he raced (and beat) a train carrying uranium ore. Iron
Horse's interest in gardening and the land naturally led him
to accept the post of Keeper of the Land and the responsi-
bility of maintaining physical purity to ensure the spiritual
purity of the land. He is most often found on the top of the
mesa, caring for the numerous sites there.

Longstar

Positior
Brees

Iron Horse Walker
o family living
re of nine, he showed

Sate!
Homid
Auspice: Moon-Dancer (Galliard)
Tribe:
Nature / Demeanor: Traditionalist / Jester
Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 5, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Abi
Empathy 4, Expression 5, Intimidation 3, Pri
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 2, Drive 3, Eti-
quette 5, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Performance 4, Survival 1,
Enigmas 2, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine 1, Occult 2,
Politics 3, Rituals 5, Wyrm Lore 1, Meditation 3
Backgrounds: Fetish 2, Rites 2
Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Call of the Wyld, Call the
Breeze, Mindspeak, Smell of Man; (2) Cutting Wind, Jam
Technology, Speak with the Wind Spirits; (3) Distrac-
tions; (4) Bridge Walker
Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7
Rank: 4

eper

Wendigo

3: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 1,
‘Urge 3,


Rites: Rite of the Opened Bridge, Rite of the Winter
Wolf, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of Passage, Rite of Spirit
Awakening, Rite of Wounding, Baptism of Fire, Rite of
Becoming, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of the Opened
Caern, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Contrition,
Rite of Cleansing

Fetishes: Tooth of the Wolf, Moonwatch, Harmony
Flute, Sanctuary Chimes

Image: Longstar is a vigorous man in his sixties. His
Lupus form is a large grizzled wolf.

Roleplaying Notes: Be gruff but friendly when meeting
people. Youhavea touch of trickster in you, and enjoy word
tricks.

Background: Asa young man, Longstar was on his way
tolocal stardom, playing in a band called The Coyotes. His
heritage was no burden to him, but he drifted away from
rock and roll to traditional songs and rituals. He trained
under Billy Two Heart, a noted human Chanter, or Navajo
shaman. He became a Chanter under Billy's tutelage, and
his position in the sept gradually became clear as the
Gatekeeper.

His feats of singing include a nine day sing over the dying
body of Glass Bird, the previous chieftain. Longstar is also
the closest the septhas toa doctor, curing the ills of the sept
with traditional "sings." Longstaris well known asa Chanter
in the reservation, and he and John Big Fish are often called
to perform the Blessing Way or other ceremonies in the
surrounding towns. However, his duties as Gatekeeper
require him to stay at the caern at all times. Those who
want a Blessing Way from him must come to the village at
the foot of the mesa for his rituals.

Guardians

Janice Clear Drink and Ann Susan Black Horse are
sisters. They are also the two youngest members of the sept.
They were found at an orphanage in Gallup and adopted by
the sept (Red Stone Water is their foster mother of record).
The two are in their late teens and are quite excited about
the Navajo Cultural Center they have opened in Window
Rock. There they teach Navajo children the old ways and
keep the traditions of the Dine' alive. They have both taken'
self-defense classes and are learning Kailindo from Michael
George. They are both proficient shots with rifles, though
Janice prefers a bow, which (as she points out) is silent.

Ann is the younger of the two. She's seventeen and has
an idealistic view of the world)even though.she-has not
been farther from the reservation than Gallup. Her inter-
ests liein the old crafts, and she avidly studies weaving from
Tania. Janice learns the way of the Holy Folk and the spirits
from John Big Fish, accompanying him on his sings. Of the
two, she is quieter and iitore studious: Their wolf forms are
decidedly similar. Both are smallish wolves with black
coats and silver markings.

Wendigo: Arizona

Story Jdeas

1. The pack must stop Wyrm contamination near their
own caern, but only a fetish from the Sept of the Painted
Sands will help. They must go to the caer and ask for the
sept's help. Before a fetish can be made, however, they must
encounter the sepr's totems in the Umbra and prove them-
selves worthy.

2. A mysterious disease is killing many Navajo on the
nearby reservation (true story!). The sept is busy helping
the diseased, and the packs asked by the sept to investigate
the cause of the illness. Has it been created by the Wyrm,
or is it the result of natural causes?

Che First Annual Chuska Mountains
Off-Road Rally

Thisisintendedasa touchy political and public relations
adventure. There are no clear enemiesor resolution. While
the Wyrm manifests in many ways, there are those who
unwittingly do its work with little or no direction from it.

In this adventure, a motorcycle club and a motorcycle
dealership have sponsored an off-road race through the
eastern portion of the reservation. The Keeper of the Land
fears that several minor sacred spots will be desecrated by
the bikes and their riders. The characters will have Moon
Bridged in from wherever to find that the majority of the
sept is off trying to stop a train carrying a Wyrm artifact to
Santa Fe. The only members of the sept are those prohib-
ited from leaving: the Warder, the Gatekeeper and the
Keeper of the Land. The sept is estimated to be away for at
least a week, while the race will take place in three days.
The characters are requested to stop the race, but are
forbidden from attacking or killing the participants.

Checking with the bike shop in Gallup, New Mexico,
the characters learn that the race was planned by the
Sidewinder Off-Road Motorcycle Glub, a non-profit orga-
nization. The members of the Sidewinders ate gencrally
ranch handgand blue collar workers in the Gallup area. The
race organizers haye filled out all the proper paperwork,
probably know more about therenvironmental conditions
on the reservation than the characters do and are deter
mined to have a good time, Peaceful attempts to stop the
race are firmly rebuffed, and legal action comes to nought.
Violence against the race only provokes more violence on
the part of the racers, This scenario cannot be'won" by the
characters. They can only try to contain any damage that
the race may cause. It should, however, give them an idea
of the disrespect for the land that the sept experiences
routinely.


Caerns: Places of Power


by Sam Jnabinet

There can be nothing but bafflement for anybody who tries to
think of Existence as Organism: our attempt will be to think of
an existence as an organism. Having a childish liking for a litele

rhetoric now and then, I shall call it God.

— Charles Fort, Lo!

Crinity Hive

aern: The Deep Gut of Grandmother Thunderwyrm
("Grammaw's Gut")

Gauntlet: 3
Type: Organism

Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers
Totem: The Green Dragon

Geography

This caern is situated in the body of a living, mobile
creature known to her hive as Grandmother Thunderwyrm
(orjust"Grammaw"). She is believed to be the broodmother
of the Thunderwyrm species. While Grammaw can travel
almost anywhere on the earth or under it, she can most
often be found in her lair at the Trinity test site near
Alamogordo, New Mexico, the location where the first
atomic bomb was detonated. When found outside of this
region, however, Grammaw is still likely to have some
members of the Trinity Hive riding along inside her.

Black Spiral Dancers: Under the Earth

Bawn

The Trinity test site lies in the stretch of southwestern
desert known as the Jornada del Muerto, or Trail of Death.
Totheeastand north rise the Oscura Mountains, where the
Trinity Hive makes its actual burrows. The southern and
western sides are bounded by the Rio Grande and its
Elephant Butte Reservoir. The desolate stretches of desert
highway surrounding the outskirts of the bawn are regularly
patrolled by Jumuju, the Keeper of the Land.

Center

The focal point of the Trinity site is, of course, the crater
formed by the world's first atomic bomb. This crater is used
sakind of amphitheater by the Hive, especially when the
Master of the Rite tells the tale of how he came to the area
and witnessed the construction and detonation of the

bomb itself. At the center of the crater is the crumbling
foundation and twisted steel girders of the tower in which
the bomb was placed for testing. Deep beneath the crater is
the subterranean cave where Grandmother makes her lair.
The cave is connected by long tunnels to the burrows in the
Oscura Mountains.

147


Main Blood Vessels
Hydrostatic Skeleton Gizzard

Secondary
my Heart

Labyrinth

Stomodaeal Plexus

ee Reproductive System

m Heart
Curret

Caerns: Places of Power

Landmarks

Surrounding the crater are the remains of the Trinity
Base. To the southeast is the McDonald ranch house, where
the bomb was built, This is where White-Eye-ikthya now
spends much of his time in meditation. Six miles to the
north, west and south are concrete observation bunkers,
and a much larger observation post sits on Compania Hill,
ten miles to the northwest. The Hive maintains no Grave
of Hallowed Heroes, preferring to feed its dead toGrammaw.

Umbrascape

The Umbral echo of the atomic bomb can be seen as a
blindingly bright permanent fireball some hundred feet
above the crater. Banes and Wyldlings are drawn like
moths to a seething nexus of Wyrm and Wyld energies.
Surrounding the crater are the shattered remnants of the
Pattern Web corresponding to the army's original test base;
Pattern Spiders and primitive Net-spiders, now deranged
and deformed, lurk in the observation bunkers where the
web is strongest.

Grammaw's Gut

(Refer to the map of Grammaw)

To enter the caern properly, one must undertake the
long hard journey down Grandmother's own digestive
track. This must be done in the Umbra, as the journey is
virtually impossible to survive physically. Grammaw's inte-
rior is alive with the elemental spirits she ingests while
burrowing through the earth's surface. Most of these h
been corrupted and now function as part of her internal
processes, but a few untainted spirits can be found wander
ing helplessly. They could prove to be good allies for any
Garou infiltrating the caern.

In place of an actual hard skeleton, Grammaw moves
and maintains her body shape by forcing fluid through a
series of cavities lining her outer rings (these rings form the
hydrostatic skeleton). The fluid is extremely toxic, and is
inhabited by water elementals and Wakshaani (Wyrm
toxin elementals).

Grammaw's circulatory system is a river of fire running
from head to tail and back again, and it is used by the
Guardians to travel quickly to any part of her body. Non-
guardians may attempt this method of travel as well, but
they musthaveadetailed knowledge of Grammaw'sanatomy
(Wyrm Lore 5, or Area Knowledge 4 (Grammaw)) to exit
at a desired destination, as well as adequate protection
against fire. The arterial number listed for each digestive
chamber is the difficulty for finding and entering an arterial
port (see lists below). The number of heart chambers
through which a Garou must pass equals travel time in
turns. The circulatory system is inhabited by fire elementals
and Furmlings (Balefire elementals).

Grammaw's excretory system takes the form of nephridia
("little kidneys"), which line the gut and transport any-

Black Spiral Dancers: Under the Earth

thing placed inside to her outer hide— but in physical form
rather than Umbral. Resident spirits will place anything
from indigestible materials to immobile characters into
nephridial portals. Excretion causes six wound levels, al-
though a victim may soak this damage. (Damage is
non-aggravated, unless the hydrostatic skeleton has been
punctured in that area).

The omnipresent danger of Grammaw's Gut is peristal-
sis, the series of rolling contractions pushing everything
along. Depending on where a character happens to be
during peristalsis, she may be subjected to crushing con-
striction or the equivalent of a major earthquake. If she is
unconscious or immobile, she may be automatically pushed
intothenext chamber or the nearest nephridia (Storyteller's
whim). Each chamber of the gut has a peristalsis number
which represents both the difficulty of staying upright in
one place (Dexterity + Athletics roll) and the number of
damage dice received if this is botched.

Perhaps the least dangerous region of Grammaw's body
is the lung, a series of steamy spiral-shaped chambers with
both arterial and peristaltic values of two. Trinity Guard-
ians travelling with Grammaw use the lungas their barracks,
and a favored tactic against intruders is attacking through
the epiglottal trapdoor at the top of the esophagus. Air
elementals and Hoglings (Smog elementals) reside in the
lung.

1. The Pharynx

Arterial number: 7

Peristalsis number: 8

Grammaw's mouth, designed tochew through the earth's
crust itself, is equipped with scythe-like teeth grinding
together like rotary drillheads, hard sharpened tongues
cutting like steel rasps, anda thick bony wedge covering the
primary heart. This wedge of bone can be heated white hot
and used to ignite volatile gases from the lung. An arterial
botch here automatically results in a hydrostatic puncture.

2. The Esophagus

Arterial number: 5
Peristalsis number: 7

A tight but slightly flexible crawl space is lined with
bony barbs (difficulty 9 to back out). Midway through, the
epiglottis leads to the lung, but is not easy to spot when
closed (Perception + Alertness or Medicine, difficulty 8).
Guardians in the lung like to enter the esophagus after
intruders have passed the epiglottis and chase them into...

3. The Crop

Arterial number: 4

Peristalsis number: 4

This is a sort of holding tank with spongy thickly folded
walls that look likea human brain turned inside out. Unless
they are being chased by Guardians, this is a perfect oppor-

149


tunity for characters to make friends with recently ingested
elemental spirits (having fire-friends in the arterial system
can be especially helpful).

The crop is inhabited by tiny Wyrm-corrupted Pattern
Spiders living in sacs lining the crop. They attempt to
separate all loose objects, particularly magical ones, from
any characters passing through. Up to a half dozen spiders
can be active at any given time, and can use fairly sophis-
ticated tactics (i.e., some distract while others steal, etc.).

Crop Spiders

Rage 1, Willpower 7, Gnosis 2, Power 7

Charms: Calcify, Pickpocket (Cost 1; +1 cost for tiny
objects, +2 for spectacles/wallet/watch-sized items, +3 for

handgun-sized items, +5 if object is worn next to skin or
carried in hand)

4. The Gizzard

Arterial number: 6

Peristalsis number: 9

The gizzard isa large rocky cavern strewn with sharpened
boulders grinding together like scissors during peristalsis.
Though populated by earth elementals and H'rugglings
(Wyrm sludge elementals), the gizzard is also home to a
pack of gnomish Banes armed with sledgehammers and
pickaxes. They help break down the largerstones Grammaw
swallows when she moves through the earth. Theelementals
are led by Crusher, who will automatically challenge all
who enter the gizzard.

Crusher (Gnome Bane)

Rage 9, Willpower 7, Gnosis 2, Power 40

Charms: Materialize, Incite Frenzy, Break Reality (as
the Wyldling Charm; Crusher is not really intelligent
enough to use this power effectively — his job is basically
to make little rocks out of big ones)

5. The Intestinal Labyrinth

Arterial number: 8

Peristalsis number: 6

For spiritual entities, this part of the Gut is Grammaw's
last ditch attempt to sway them to the Wyrm's side. Char-
acters in the labyrinth are separated from each other and
confronted with visions of the Apocalypse calculated to
make them devoted warriors of the Wyrm. The content of
these visions is left to the Storyteller, as each one should be
tailored to the individual character; each vision should
feature some direct threat to the character's physical integ-
rity, be it violence, disease, deformity or some unwanted
metamorphosis (think of the art of H. R. Giger, David
Cronenberg, Screaming Mad George, etc.)-

This intestinal journey lays bare the inner workings of
one's being, exposing it to the toxic glare of the Wyrm's
scrutiny. Even those who survive intactare forever marked

150

by the experience. Unless character deals with the visions
in a truly exceptional manner, he should receive a disease,
deformity or derangement that reflects his deepest fears
about himself. Kalus, Psychomachiae and Bitter Rages can
often be found lurking in the labyrinth, waiting toaid in the
corruption of whoever comes down the line.

6. The Stomodaeal Plexus

Arterial number: 9

Peristalsis number: 3

In an earthworm, this plexus is a mass of neural ganglia
at the end of the intestine. Human scientists have never
quite agreed on its function. In Grammaw, the stomodaeal
plexus is extremely important. First, it is the closest thing
Grammaw has to a brain, and all internal functions are
monitored and controlled from this point. Sullen, Wyrm-
oppressed electricity elementals lope dejectedly along
Grammaw's primitive nervous system bearing her internal
signals ("gizzard needs more sludge," "tell first heart to heat
up the turret — there's a two-mile layer of limestone
ahead"), Signals are lost or forgotten as often as not. These
elementals could conceivably be used to send messages or
gather information, but are so unreliable that this is prob-
ably a waste of time

The stomodael plexus is also important because it is
really the center of the caern. Supplicants who have proven
their worthiness in the long battlefield of the Gut may be
granted additions to their Physical Attributes or health
levels. The caern totem, the Green Dragon, can sometimes
be found here; if not, the Gatekeeper can open a Moon
Bridge to the Green Dragon's Lair—a squirming, writhing,
snapping snake pit ofacalumn. The Green Dragon must be
confronted and appeased in order to gain the most powerful
gift Grammaw has to offer: rebirth.

Grammaw's reproductive system, like the earthworm's,
is hermaphroditic, containing both testes and ovaries.
Thunderwyrm eggs are produced here by the millions and
ejected as part of Grammaw's slime trail; only one egg in a
million has a chance of hatching, much less growing to
maturity. (In the words of William S. Burroughs, "Biologi-
cally speaking, that's very good odds.").

Whenever a supplicant has successfully appeased the
Green Dragon, he is allowed to enter the reproductive cycle
and become the nucleus around which a new organism is
formed. Grammaw usually retires to her Trinity lair at this
point to lay a huge (5 to 10 feet in diameter) egg which can
take anywhere from a few weeks to a few years to incubate.
What eventually emerges is a Ferectoi, or Larva of the
Wyrm, which retains the personality, memories, powers
and appearance of the supplicant (including whatever
affliction he suffered in the intestinal labyrinth). Garou
who undergo this rebirth keep all their Gifts and Abilities
in addition to the new fomori powers, making them very
powerful minions of the Wyrm indeed.

Note that it is possible (but extremely unlikely) for an
uncorrupted Garou to reach this point without succumbing

Caerns: Places of Power


to the Wyrm's influence; the newly acquired powers are
hers to command in Gaia's cause. Unfortunately, she still
bears the taint of the Wyrm, and no true Garou will ever
trust her again. Also, if her true allegiance and intent ever
become known to the Wyrm's minions, her name would go
right to the top of every personal shit-list in Malfeas.

History

The

nity Hive was formed by the Black Spiral Dane-
erswhoc te the Umbral disturbance caused
by the atomic bomb. In addition to White-Eye-ikthya, the
only Garou who witnessed the event, they also found
m and allied themselves with
n Dragon, the totem she represents. Since then,
they have come to worship Grammaw as a virtual goddess
in her own right.

The Hive

Personalities
Ghavaalot

Po

ne to inve:

Sept Leader

Black Spiral Dancers: Under the Earth

Nature / Demeanor: Deviant / Confidant
Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 5, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 5 (4/0/5/5), Perception 1, Intelligence 1, Wits 1

Abilities: Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 2,
Primal-Urge 4, Melee 2, Leadership 4, Performance 1,
Survival 2, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 5

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Inspiration, Sense Wyrm;
of the Wyrm; (3) Alllies Below, Foaming Fury; (4)
adows by the Fire Light

Fomori powers: Mouth of the Wyrm, Stomach Pumper
Rage 8, Gnosis 1, Willpower 5

Moot Rite
Fetishe Bean Bane
Image: In any form, Ghavaalde is easily recognizable by
his burly barrel-chested build and enormous belly. Unlike
other Black Spiral Dancers, he is quite attractive, due to his
Pure Breed background.

Churjuroc's Tus

Roleplaying Notes: You like nothing better than a
hearty f and can be quite congenial in times of plenty
This is just a front for your insatiable phagomania, how-
ever, and you have been known to eat those who displease

you.

Background: Ghavaaldt is a throwback to the original
White Howl o much so that he has been known to pass
among normal Garou, for none would dare insult him by

151


using Sense Wyrm or similar Gifts upon him. He has made
the intestinal journey before, and gained his fomori powers
in this way.

Zhyzhak

Position: Warder

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Nature / Demeanor: Deviant / Bravo

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Leadership 2, Medi-
cine 2

Backgrounds: Pack Totem 5

Gifts: (1) Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm, Smell of Man; (2)
Sense of the Prey, Snarl of the Predator, Wyrm Hide, Horns
of the Impaler

Rage 10, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8

Rank: 2

Rites: Rite of Arterial Introduction (Level Two; used to
initiate new Guardians, this rite allows them to travel
Grammaw's bloodstream without getting burned or disori-
ented)

Fetishes: Devilwhip

Image: A muscle-bound Wagnerian valkyrie in
dominatrix drag.

Roleplaying Notes: A klazomaniac, you never speak
without shouting. You are the baddest of the bad, and you
want to make sure everyone knows it.

Background: When Zhyzhak was born, she cracked her
mother's pelvis wide open. She has not let up on anyone

since. Always a favorite of the Green Dragons, her ungodly
strength is a Gift of her totem. She feels that she knows
Grandmother better than anyone else, and resents the
deference shown to Slatescrape for his knowledge and to
White-Eye for his insight.

Guardians

Breed: Any

Auspice: Mostly Ahroun

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Nature / Demeanor: Deviant / Fanatic

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Melee 3, Stealth 2, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Pack Totem 2, Mentor (Zhyzhak) 2
Gifts: (1) Razor Claws, Resist Pain, Sense Wyrm
Rage 9, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Rank: |

Rites: None

Fetishes: All guardians have daggers made of Grammaw's
old teeth; treat one of these as a true Wyrm Fang Dagger.

Image: Big. Tough. Ugly. Deformities in abundance, of
course, and any who spend most of their time inside tend to
lose hair as well as skin pigmentation (see "Gatekeeper"
below).

Roleplaying Notes: Raving fanatics all. You were born
and raised to tend to your own living goddess, for whom you
would gladly lay down your life.

Background: Under the harsh guidance of Zhyzhak, the
Guardians are a fearsome fighting force, and consider
themselves to be the elite group of all the Wyrm's minions.

White-Eye-ikthya
Position: Master of the Rite
Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers (formerly Uktena)

Nature / Demeanor: Visionary / Deviant

Attributes: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 2 (0 for all sight rolls),
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Empathy 2, Expression 5, Primal-
Urge 3, Subterfuge 5, Animal Ken 4, Leadership 2,
Performance 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enigmas 5, Occult 5,
Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Past Life 2

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Sense Magic, Shroud,
Truth of Gaia; (2) A Thousand Voices, Ears of the Bat,
Scent of Sight; (3) Detect Spirit; (4) Beast Life, Ultimate
Argument of Logic; (5) Fabric of the Mind, Song of the
Great Beast

Rage 3, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Rites: All

Fetishes: Deathrattler, Goblin Ale, Baneskin

Image: Ancient, shriveled, impotent and nearly hair-
less, White-Eye is frequently mistaken fora metis, although
the trained eye will recognize these as effects of long-term
radiation exposure. As his name implies, White-Eye is
blind, but still has the uncanny habit of gazing directly at
whomever he is talking to.

Roleplaying Notes: Normally calm and quiet, you can
easily raise your voice with all the passion and melodrama
ofa visionary publicspeaker. Smile often, as though at some
secret joke.

Background: White-Eye-ikthya was an Uktena Wyld
Chyld who witnessed the Trinity explosion. The insights
he gained into the inner workings of the Triat, and the
Wyrm in particular, inspired almost instant reverence in
the Black Spiral Dancers who quickly flocked to the site.
Now regarded as one of the greatest Philodoxes of the Black
Spirals, he recounts the tale of his "enlightenment" atevery

152 Caerns: Places of Power


Rite of Passage, and Black Spiral pups are brought from all
over the world to hear him speak. With all his renown,
White-Eye plays a dangerous game, for he still maintains
secret contact with the Uktena elders, and will help any
Garou who knows the secret code words that White-Eye
has prearranged with the Uktena Bane Tenders Guild.
Whether he is a truly uncorrupted Uktena insurgent, or is
playing the Uktena for fools, or is lost in some personal
madness which ignores the Garou-Wyrm conflict is up to
the Storyteller.

Hualorph, "Palefish"

Position: Gatekeeper

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancer

Nature / Demeanor: Deviant / Autist

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/2/7), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 1

Abilities: Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Expression 3,
Performance 3, Stealth 4, Survival 2, Enigmas 3, Medicine 2,
Occult 4, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Past Life 5

Gifts: (1) Bane Protector, Create Element, Mother's
Touch; (2) Blood Omen, Burrow, Command Spirit, Howl
of the Banshee; (3) Eyes of the Cat, Pulse of the Invisible

Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Willpower 3

Rank: 3

Rites: All

Fetishes: Wyrmgut Bonds

Image: With his white dough-like skin, H'ualorph is a
roly-poly infantile lump of albino metis. His nickname
comes from his similarity to the subterranean marine life
found in most Hives with underground water sources.
Picture the Pillsbury Doughboy after a week-long binge.

Roleplaying Notes: Sleepy. Rub your eyes and interrupt
yourself with cavernous yawns. You dislike beingawakened
for anything you consider trivial (i.e., anything).

Background: H'ualorph spends most of his life asleep in
Grammaw's seldom used lower lungs, lost in dreams of his

ast lives, awakening only to open the Moon Bridge or

attend a particularly important moot. H'ualorph rarely
fights, relying on the Guardians and resident Banes to
defend the Bridge.

Jumuiju, "Hitcher"

Position: Keeper of the Land

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancer

Nature / Demeanor: Deviant / Conniver

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Black Spiral Dancers: Under the Earth

Abilities: Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 4, Drive 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Performance 5,
Stealth 4, Survival 3, Computer 1, Law 2, Linguistics 3,
Politics 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Kinfolk 4, Contacts 3

Gifts: (1) Open Seal, Persuasion, Wyrm; (2)
Blissful Ignorance, Curse of Acolus, Power Surge

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Rank: 2

Rites: Ritual of the Questing Stone

Fetishes: Monkey Puzzle, Umbraphone

Image: An anonymous-looking young man with alight
limp, Jumuju looks equally at home in a three-piece suit or
trudging across the Sierra Mountains with a knapsack on
one shoulder. In Lupus form, he looks more likea street dog
than a wolf.

Roleplaying Notes: A born trickster, you delight in
deception and misdirection, but keeping outsiders out of
the bawn is always your primary concern

Background: As Keeper of the Land, Jumuju leads a
double life. By manipulating certain New Mexico state
officials with the help of Pentex and his own Kinfolk, he
keeps the Trinity area free of full-scale human invasions.
When not politicking, he likes to hitchhike along the
highways that surround the bawn, deterring the curiosity of
tourists with anything from stories of radiation sickness to
homicidal assaults in Crinos form.

Slatescrape-ikthya

Position: Master of the Challenge

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: formerly Glass Walker, now a Garou/Ferectoi
hybrid of the Black Spiral Dancers

Nature / Demeanor: Deviant / Curmudgeon

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 1, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance I (0/0/1/1), Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alermess 3, Brawl 4, Intimidation 5, Streetwise
Subterfuge 4, Animal Ken 3, Firearms 3, Repair 4, Surv
Computer 4, Enigmas 2, Investigation 1, Medicine 5,
Occult 4, Politics 1, Rituals 3, Science 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 5

Gifts: (1) Control Simple Machine, Persuasion, Sense
Wyrm, (2) Ears of the Bat, Cybersenses, Power Surge,
Wyrm Hide; (3) Control Complex Machine, Touch of the
Eel

Fomori powers: Body-barbs, Exoskeleton, Extra Limbs,
Gaseous Form, Plasmic Form

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caern, Rite of Binding, Rite of the Fetish

Fetishes: Soul Ruby, Umbraphone, Umbrascope

153


Favorite Hobby: Vivisection

Image: In Homid form, Slatescrape is a bespectacled
professorial nebbish of diminutive size and bearing, and his
other forms are equally unassuming. Riddled with a variety
of minor diseases, he usually displays such symptoms as
watery eyes, a running nose and profuse sweating. When
using his Ferectoi powers, however, he presents a most
fearsome image, with body-barbs shaped like scalpels and
extra limbs wielding syringes, clamps and bone saws. He
looks like a multi-armed Hindu god of surgery.

Roleplaying Notes: You consider yourself the consum-
mate scientist: cold, unemotional and logical. Speak slowly
and precisely, using the longest words you know. Regard
everyone as you would a bug under a microscope.

Background: Slatescrape first came to Trinity asa biolo-
gist studying the effects of radiation on local wildlife. He
discovered the newly-formed Hive, was captured and fed to
Grammaw before he could send for help. To everyone's
surprise, he was later reborn asa fully corrupted andempow-
ered Garou/Ferectoi hybrid.

His ambitions include leadership of the Hive, and he
resents the fact that he will never be accepted as such, for
he was not born a Black Spiral Dancer. He resents his
position as Master of the Challenge, and turns that resent-
ment upon everyone he must deal with in that capacity. He
busies himself with detailed anatomical studies of Grammaw
and other monsters. He sees this information as a key to

154

personal power and jealously guards it from Pent
other Black Spiral Dancers

He has a theory that Thunderwyrm broodmothe
spontaneously every thousand years or so when the
Thunderwyrm population declines. Many broodmothers
can existuntil one of them destroysall itstivals. Slatescrape-
ikthya is obsessed with idea of Thunderwyrm brood mothers
being created under Nevada H-bomb test sites, and this
leads to constant feuding with Nevada Black Spiral Danc-

Story Jdeas

1. The player characters are taken to Grammaw and led
into the Gut by: a) a deranged Shadow Lord seeking the
ultimate source of personal power, orb) Ghavaalde working
incognito to either shanghai some unwilling recruits or
bring live sacrifices for the Green Dragon

arise

2. A Fianna caer has been destroyed by Grammaw, who
swallowed whole the Glade Child, Old Stout Oak, living at
its center. The Fianna Theurges believe Stout Oak still
lives and charge the player characters with retrieving him.
Stout Oak, though strong, may be slightly corrupted al-
ready, and his exact location within Grammaw depends on
how much hell you want to put the characters through.
Stout Oak's surviving form may be an aerial seedpod adrift
in the lung, an acorn in one of the crop's calciferous sacs, a
tiny green sprout nestled in an unpatrolled crevasse of the
gizzard, a mass of pulp blocking the labyrinth, an enemy
confronting the Green Dragon in the plexus or an egg in
one of Grammaw's many wombs, awaiting rebirth as a
powerful Blight Child.

Caerns: Places of Power


The Legend of the
White-Faced One

The oldest record of the White-Faced One can be traced
back five thousand years to China. Her origin is unknown.
She was a beast directly responsible for the fall of the Chin
and Sui dynasties, and it is rumored that she indirectly
contributed to the fall of the great Han dynasty. In human
form, the White-Faced One always appeared as a woman,
a concubine of unnatural beauty who trapped the souls of
many emperors until they either be

me insane or died

mysteriously. However, when faced with a direct threat,
she always transformed into an enormous nine-tailed fox
and wove powerful spells, causing great havoc and destruc-
tion. Despite her size, the creature seemed to favor magical

spells and special powers over claws and fangs.

n the fourth and eighth centuries, this
magical beast found her way to the Imperial Court of Japan,
but her usual method of destroying empires saw no success
there. The court and nobles there employed sorcerers who
sensed the danger in the court, and the emperor ordered the
woman slain. But even for the powerful spellcasters of
Kyoto, the White-Faced One proved too powerful to be
taken easily. Nonetheless, knowing that she could not
weave her plots of destruction, she fled the court

Sometime betw

Numerous tales exist to this day about the fate of the
White-Faced One, but none can be verified; most believe

she is probably dead by now. There are tourist sights across

Japan where shattered pieces of the great beast are said to
have landed, often in the form of colossal blazing rocks

by Hidenobu Jzumi and Kenneth Mayer

Appendix

spewing poisonous volcanic gas, hazardous or impossible to
reach by normal means.

Since the arrival of the White-Faced One, legends of
shape-changing foxes— called Kitsune — started appear-
ing. These beings were known to trick humans in many
ways,

A lone traveller was walking in the mountains. It was
getting late, and he had to get indoors before sundown or
risk the dangers of the night. As he passed a hill, he saw a
brightly lit inn

"That's strange," he thought. "I don't recalll there being
any inns here when I passed by last time."

However, he was too tired to care, and so he entered the
inn. The hostesses were all beautiful, the food was excellent
and he soon forgot his suspicions. He fell asleep in the
bathtub. The next morning, he awoke in a tub full of dung
His travel food, fried bean curds (a traditional favorite of
the Kitsune), had been stolen. As he got up from the
stinking pool, hes
the bushes,

w the golden tail of a fox disappear into

The "Nine-Tails" are the descendants of the great White-
aced One. They have the ability to transform into foxes
and have inherited their ancestor's great talent for magic as
well as her beauty. The Eastern shapeshifters largely es-
caped the War of Rage that other shapeshifters suffered, due
to their distance from the Garou; Japan has never had as
large a Garou population as in other parts of the world. The
Kitsune are skepti
isimminent. They owe noallegiance toGaia. Instead, they
follow the ways of th
were established before the Wyrm was corrupted into the
Pattern Web. The spread of the Weaver is not at all uniform

155

al of the Apocalypse that the Garou f

ar

ancient Wyrm of Balance, ways that


Organization

Like foxes, Nine-Tails are basically solitary. They have
no tribal organization. However, there is an extensive
network of Nine-Tails, The "elders" are the chief organiz-
ers, as well as advisors to all the young members. Kitsune do
not trigger the Delirium in humans, and they do not want
the human population to know of their existence. Anyone
who tries to disseminate this fact in any way will be "dealt
with." This usually meansa memory alteration ritual, butit
can mean outright assassination. While the elders are wise
and respected, they do not command and have no political
power to enforce any rules or judgments. An elder will
teach a younger Fox new Jyu-hé (Gifts) and rituals if she
feels that the young Nine-Tail is capable of controlling the
power and using it with wisdom. This determination may
involve a test of some sort.

Breeds

Kitsune have three breeds: kojin, or homid (born from a
Kitsune union with a human), roko, or fox (born from a
Kitsune union with a fox) and shinjft, or metis (born from
aunion between twoKitsune), However, unlike werewolves,
when two Nine-Tails breed, the child may be kojin, roko or
shinja ("true beast"). As with other shapeshifters, only one
out of ten offspring are true Kitsune. Shinja are very rare;
only about one percent of the children between two Nine-
Tails are shinja. They do not suffer from mutations or
sterility. They are not cast out— they are often revered as
the "pure breed" of their kind. Shinjd are equally comfort-
able in any shape, having no natural or "default" form. The
only real similarity between shinja and metis are the
circumstances of their conception.

Nine-Tails are always born singly. The pain of birth is
shared by both parents through a supernatural bond, and
non-Nine Tails are usually incapable of living through the
intense trauma of bearing a Nine-Tail; thus, the non-Fox
parent almost always dies during the birth of the Nine-Tail
Child, regardless of the parent's sex. The Fox parent also
faces a significant, though much lower, risk of death in
childbirth.

Awakening

Soon after the Fox first becomes aware of her powers
(about 14-18 years for kojin, 1-2 years for rdko and shinja),
she receives a sign. A supernatural being, not necessarily
one of her own kind, usually a local spirit, contacts the Fox.
Itreveals to the Fox what she is, and conducts a ritual called
"The Opening of the Eyes." After this ceremony, the
newly-initiated Nine-Tail is aware of the supernatural
world and her place in it. At this time she will choose a
Path, a role in the world of both practical and spiritual
significance, much like an auspice. A guild-like organiza-
tion is run by the elders to assist and guide younger Foxes,
but it makes no attempt to restrict their actions.

156

The Fox will start to form friendships with many spirits
around her, developing an immediate bond with the net-
work of the supernatural. Many spirits are bound to an area,
so Nine-Tails are often reluctant to move away from their
spirit-friends. This is one reason why they have not spread
out over the world like the Garou.

Character Creation

Breeds: Kojin (homid; initial Gnosis 3), R6ko (fox;
initial Gnosis 5), Shinja (metis; initial Gnosis 4)

Initial Willpower: 6

Backgrounds: 6 points, which may be spenton anything
except Totem and Pure Breed (Nine-Tails are already
considered to be of the purest breed, but get no advantages
in dealing with other werecreatures from this).

As Nine-Tails are not physically imposing beings, the
Physical Attributes are usually not primary.

Forms

Homid (Hitogata, "human shape"): Shift difficulty: 6

I is rare for a Nine-Tail to have an Appearance lower
than three, and all are masters of seduction in Homid form.
Most Nine-Tails are of the kojin breed and usually appear
as humans. Nine-Tails can perform rituals only in this form.

Glabro (Sambuhenge, "partly transformed"): Ap-
pearance -2, Manipulation -2; Shift difficulty: 7

A Nine-Tail looks silly and even comical in this form.
Body mass does not change, but the ears point upward, the
eyes become thin and slanted, the nose protrudes out of the
center of the face, and whiskers appear. A dangling, full-
sized fox tail appears on its rear end. Assumption of this
form usually means that either a rdko pup is still learning
how to take Homid form, or the Fox is trying to pull a joke
on another of his kind. For many of the rdko breed Nine-
Tails, the retracting of the tail is the most difficult part of
the Change, and even the experienced forget from time to
time.

Crinos (Koté, "fox-head"): Dexterity +1, Stamina +2,
Appearance 0, Manipulation -1; Shift difficulty: 7

Insome old documents, there are drawings of the White-
Faced One with a fox head, wearinga kimono. There are no
real advantages in taking this form, except perhaps to scare
people. Sometimes Nine- Tails in their private lives assume
this form because it has long, elegant-looking fur that
provides warmth during the winter, while retaining the
useful hands of a human. Their size increases only slightly,
enough so that fitting into their clothes may be a little
difficult. The Nine-Tail can speak normally in this form.

Hispo (Jiko, "fox-beast"): Strength +1 Dexterity +3,
Stamina +3, Manipulation -2; Shift difficulty: 6

When a Nine-Tail assumes this form, she is in her most
physically dangerous state. While not as strong as a Garou
in Hispo form, the Fox can use some powerful Jyu-hé
prohibited in other forms. A magically experienced Nine-

Caerns: Places of Power


Tail in this form is a match for a Tremere and even some
mages. The body mass increases by approximately 200-
300%, the end result being a lean fox about 8-12 feet long,
one-third to one-half of which is a single, enormous tail.
Most Nine-Tails have different winter and summer coats,
and many have a stripe or two on the back. Nine-Tails
usually do not like biting and raking like an animal when
fighting in this form, preferring instead to use human
weapons (usually blades) clutched between their jaws.
They still think like humans, although they may have more
of a tendency towards violence. They cannot speak in this
form, but many learn the Jyu-hé of Mindspeak to telepathi-
cally converse.

Vulpus (Kyabi, "nine-tail"): Dexterity +4, Stamina
+2, Manipulation -1; Shift difficulty: 6

Although small, Foxes in this form should be dealt with
most carefully. Upon transformation, the Nine-Tail be-
comes a fox of slightly larger than average size. Those of
higher Rank have multiple tails, enabling them to cast all
of the complicated Jyu-hé available to them with full
effectiveness. A score of On-Myo sorcerers could not kill
the nine-tailed White-Faced One. She is the only Nine-
Tail have ever reached that level of achievement, sonoone
even knows the kinds of wonders of which she was capable.

Paths ( Auspices)
Déshi — The Sorcerer

Initial Rage: 3

‘The sorcerers that eventually defeated the Whit
One used demons, creatures of corruption c
the rest of the spirits to curse her. The lesson t
be used to defeat evil was learned well by the White-Faced
One's descendants.

Déshi are experts at understanding evil and corruption.
They know what the Garou call the "Wyrm". They have
been enslaving its servants for generations. But the sorcer-
ers have another name for it: yami, the darkness.

Sorcerers often live alone, in abandoned monasteries
and other retreats from human civilization. There they
practice dark rituals, hoping to counter the even darker
influences of yami.

They are constantly trying to balance self-control and
the hatred that corruption brings, which results in a hard,
inhuman demeanor and extreme cynicism. Many people
mistakenly think of them as evil. Although they are often
driven by hate, they are not slaves to it.

Eji — The Warrior

Initial Rage: 4

The Eji are those who have chosen to actas caretakers of
the world. Like scissors in the hands of a gardener, the
blades of the Eji trim the world, cutting away branches
harmful to the tree of life. They value life highly, and are
reluctant to kill. They often adopt the demeanor of gallant
fighters to hide their sorrow at their purpose in life.

Appendix

They use their powers to hunt down those who kill in
excess and disrupt the balance between man and nature.
Crazed spirits and, recently, European witch-hunters have
been their prime targets. In their human identities, they are
often religious figures, working to destroy threats to natural
harmony.

Gukutsushi —
The Dreamweaver

Initial Rage: 2

Gukutsushi are masters of the mind and illusion. They
are well aware that their illusions cannot solve problems,
for though illusionscan altera person's thinkingand senses,
they cannot change reality. Gukutsushi s
the bringers of solace to those who suffer. They heal wounds
of the heart and of the mind. They can bring those who
have lost all hope a dignified death. But they are not
helpless in battle; they can be even more vicious than the
Eji in putting an end to those who hurt others needle
Dying within the mind can be extremely painful.

Kataribe — The Bard

Initial Rage: 2

The Kataribe are constantly looking for stories to inter-
est them. They seek stories of love, hate, pain or pleasure
and write them down. They also listen to the tales of old
spirits, for such beings are extremely wise. By the time they
have ended their long lives, they have piles of legends
collected from around the world. If information is needed,
especially ancient lore and the like, they will have it, or
know where to find it.

Healing

TheNine-Tails, while being more vital than humans, do
not have the rapid healing of a Garou. Thus, every wound
is an aggravated wound, Short of magic, the only way for
them to heal is through rest. Each day of relative inaction
(avoiding any activity that could open up a closed wound)
heals one wound level. They have no particular vulnerabil-
ity to silver.

Rank

Rank is not earned through challenges or renown, but
through experience. All characters start at Rank 0, with
one tail in Vulpus form. Rank isgained by spending [current
Rank x 7] experience points. Renown is not kept. A rise in
Rank grants the ability to use the Jyu-h6 of the same level
as the new Rank (for this purpose, Rank 0 characters can
still cast Rank 1 Jyu-ho). After Rank 1, each Rank gained
bestows the character with an extra tail in Vulpus form, so
that the number of tails equals Rank (Rank 0 being the
obvious exception). Ability as a spellcaster is the closest
thing to a "pecking order" the Nine-Tails have.

The Nine-Tails age differently from other beings. All
breeds may live to be a hundred years old; however, ifa Fox

157

themselves as


has more than one tail, he only ages one year overa number
of years equal to the number of tails he has (i.e. a six-tailed
Fox will age one year for every six years that pass), Further-
more, age does not weaken the Nine-Tails. They become
more powerful and more beautiful as the years pass, and
when the time comes, they die peacefully and alone. It is
rumored that the White-Faced One never aged.

In order to be considered an elder, a Fox must have more
than five tails. Despite the term, age is not important, but
notall five-tailed Foxes become elders. Many Foxes simply
lack the capability to become an elder, no matter how much
experience they attain, and so Fox elders are rare.

Combat

Nine-Tails are, on the whole, curious but cautious. They
are very playful beings when they can afford to be so. They
dislike uncivilized violence and rarely use such base tech-
niques in battleas bitingorambushing (although "civilized"
violence is another matter). Most of them know how to
control their Rage. This is usually through either Zen-like
practices or the use of specific mantras. They also train
themselves in a special form of sword use. A trained
Kitsune can wield a blade in his mouth in Hispo or Vulpus
form. This can be declared as a Melee specialty.

a
Jyu-hé

Jyw-h0 is a Japanese word meaning "mystical law." These
are the Foxes' equivalent of Gifts. Some Jyu-hé are drawn
from the forces of nature itselFand either expend Gnosis or
require Gnosis rolls. Others draw power from destruction
and chaos, requiring Rage.

The Kitsune have many Jyu-hé that resemble Garou
Gifts. At the Storyteller's discretion, Kitsune characters
may choose from the Gifts given in the Werewolf rulebook
with a few restrictions: homid Gifts are available to Kojin,
and lupus Gifts can be purchased by Réko. Each Path has
Gifts corresponding to an Auspice. Déshi use Theurge
Gifts, Eji use Ahroun ones, Gukutsushi steal from the
Ragabash Gifts and Kataribes use the Gifts of Galliards.
The Shinja may choose Philodox Gifts.

Kojin (Homid)

Seduction (Level One) — The Nine-Tail can cause
humans to fall in love with him to varying degrees. In fact,
many Nine-Tails often use this Jyu-hé unintentionally.
The Storyteller may wish to create an interesting situation
by arbitrarily rolling this Jyu-h6. Roll Charisma + Subter-
fuge, difficulty 6, versus the target's Willpower. The number
of success is the degree to which a target is enamored of the
Kitsune.

Moon Dance (Level Two) — With this Jyu-hd, a
Kitsune can become completely invisible at night as long as
moonlight does not shine on her. If the Fox steps into
moonlight, she can then be seen until she steps out of the

158

sight of the moon again. The Kitsune spends one Gnosis
point and the effect lasts for one night.

Silver Tongue (Level Two) — As the Fianna Gift: Glib
Tongue. The Kitsune can use this Gift to outright lie,
making the target believe he is telling the truth.

Call of the Dead (Level Three) — By spending one
Rage point and successfully rolling Manipulation + Occult
(difficulty 8), the Kitsune may case a target to suffer an
unfortunate "accident" that causes some sort of injury.

# of Successes Accident

1 Light injury: pulled muscle, ete. Per-
son can still function but is in pain.

2 Heavy injury: sprained or broken

ankle, etc. Target is Wounded on the
health level chart.

3 Crippling: surgery may be required,
hospitalized fora month. Target is at
Crippled.

4 The target takes aggravated damage

from the injury and is Wounded. At
the Storyteller's discretion, a human
target could be killed (hit by a truck,
electrocuted, etc.)
The target is Crippled with aggra-
vated damage (gas main blows,
engulfing the victim in flames, etc.)
Walking Between Worlds (Level Three) — This Jyu-
ho allows the Kitsune to "step sideways" into the Umbra as
the werewolves do, Without it, a Kitsune cannot enter the
Umbra. However, once this power is learned, the Kitsune
can do it anytime she pleases, just as Garou do.
Forgetfulness (Level Four) —This power will erase one
piece of information (an address, a fact, etc.) or one specific
event (meeting the Kitsune) froma target's mind, Kitsune
do not trigger the Delirium, and so must edit humans'
memory to avoid the spread of knowledge of their exist-
ence. This requires the expenditure of both a Willpower
and a Gnosis point and a Manipulation + Subterfuge roll,
difficulty 6. The target may make a resisted Willpower roll
(che difficulty is equal to the number of tails the Kitsune has
plus 3).

Roéko (Fox)

Burrow (Level One) — As the metis Gift.

Cloak of Shadows (Level One) — As the Ratkin Gift
in Werewolf Players Guide

Moon Dance (Level Two) — As the Kojin Jyu-ho.

Blind (Level Three) — By spending one Gnosis point
and successfully rolling Manipulation + Medicine (diffi-
culty 7), the Kitsune can make a target blind for one day.
The blindness is accompanied by a stinging pain. The
target can make a Stamina roll (difficulty 7) to resist.

Walking Between Worlds (Level Three) — As the
Kojin Jyu-ho.

Caerns: Places of Power


Call to Allies (Level Five) — There is an extensive
network of the supernatural in Japan. [fa spirit, Kitsune or
similar being finds itself in danger, its allies may help it, in
turn calling on their friends for help. This is the Kitsune's
call foraid. The situation must be grave to make such acall,
but no rolls are necessary. Many spirits are bound to their
locality and so may noc be able to come; however, they will
hear the call and do whatever they can in their area. If the
danger is riot deemed sufficiently dire, che spirits may
become angry or refuse to heed future calls. A person who,
makes an enemy out of a Kitsune who has this power may
find himself being attacked by supernatural. beings ino
matter where he goes. This can be an interesting opening
for a story.

Shinja (Metis)

Flow of Aura (Level One) — The Kitsune can "read"
the emotions of an area — the past events of high emo-
tional content or violent nature. This is similar to
psychometry. For example, the Kitsune may see the flow of
fear and hopelessness from an old gallows. Roll Perception
+ Empathy, difficulty 7.

Moon Dance (Level Two) — As the Kojin Jyu-hé.

Regal Authority (Level Two) — As the Gift: Staredown,
but this affects all creatures native to Japan, including
supernatural ones, and causes an attitude of subservience
rather than terror.

Speak the Remnants of Thought (Level Two) — This
is similar to Flow of Aura, but the Kitsune can hear the
thoughts that also passed through the area. Only the
strongest thoughts, or those which affected the area, can be
heard. For example, a Kitsune might hear voices tell her of
thesufferingatan old concentration camp. Roll Perception
+ Occult, difficulty 8.

Walking Between Worlds (Level Three) — As the
Kojin Jyu-hé.

Marionette (Level Five) — The Kitsune can cause a
target to do whatever she wants by mimicking the desired
actions. She must spend a Willpower point and roll Ma-
nipulation + Subterfuge (difficulty 7) opposed by the target's
Willpower roll. She can manipulate the target howevershe
pleases for one tum per success.

Déshi

Blessing the Blade (Level One) — This Jyu-hé conse-
crates bladed weapon (daito, tanto, katana, etc.),allowing
it to do aggravated damage to its targets. Spend one Gnosis
point and roll Wits + Rituals, difficulty 7.

Swarm of Servants (Level Three) — This summons a
swarm of little creatures (the type is up to the caster) from
the fur of the Kitsune's tail. Spend one Willpower and roll
Stamina + Occult, difficulty 8. Each success summons 25 of
these creatures. They are under the mental direction of the
caster, and can perform simple tasks, such as lifting things
(Strength 1 per 10 of them). They must stay within 20 feet
of the Kitsune at all times. They can also be used to harass

Appendix

foes, though they cause no damage (-1 from Dice Pool for
every 25 beings). The creatures disappear after one scene.

By the Light of the Moon (Level Four) — By spending
one Gnosis point and making a successful Perception +
Alertness roll, the Kitsune can see any hidden creature who
is under the moonlight. This includes Garou using Gifts
(such as Invisibility, Blissful Ignorance), spirits in the
Penumbra and Obfuscated vampires.

Ju-Fu sorcery

Japanese sorcerers often write runes on small pieces of
parchment to empower them with magic. Such papers must
be placed at a certain location or on a target and activated
by a mantra (or sometimes by setting the parchment on
fire). Destroying the parchment ends the effects of the
spell.

Parchment of the Labyrinth (Level Two) — When
placed in a closed room, the parchment causes that room to
become an inescapable jail. Opening the door will lead to
another room exactly like it. Placing it in a hallway will
cause the hallway to become endless. Making the parch-
ment requires the expenditure of one Gnosis point and an
Intelligence + Occult roll, difficulty 6. Whether the cre-
ation has worked is not known until the parchment is first
activated, so the successes are kept secret from the player
until he tries to use the parchment. Activating a pre-made
parchment requires one Gnosis point.

Parchment of Banishment (Level Three) — This
parchment allows the Kitsune to cause a spirit to return to
its realm of origin (or the Near Umbra fit has no particular
home realm). The parchment is destroyed after activation.
éji

Sense Hostility (Level One) — A successful Perception
+ Alertness roll, difficulty 6, allows the Kitsune tosense the
presence of hostile beings within approximately 100 feet.

Bolt (Level Two) — By expending Rage and rolling
Dexterity + Occult, difficulty 7, the Fox causesa lethal bolt
of thunder, fire, ice, wind or any other force (choose one
effect when learning this Jyu-hd) to strike the enemy. The
damage level is equal to the number of successes, and causes
aggravated wounds that cannot be soaked. This is only
usable in Hispo form.

Enduring Warrior (Level Two) — This Jyu-h6 allows
the Kitsune to heal as quickly as a Garou: one health level
perturn. Itacts as Garou healing in every way. The Kitsune
mustspend apoint of Rage and the effect lasts for one scene.

Dragon Ally (Level Five) — A successful Gnosis rol at
difficulty of 9 and the expenditure of one Rage point creates
an Oriental dragon from a nearby element. Water, fire or
strong winds are needed to summon it. Its size depends on
the number of successes (5 feet in length per success). This
dragon is capable of bite and body slam attacks. Its length
determines the amount of damage it can cause: two dice of
aggravated damage for every five feet. The dragon is friendly
to the summoner's wishes, but intense concentration is

159


required to maintain its form; itwill dissipate if the Kitsune
summoner is distracted (Storyteller's discretion).

Gukutsushi

Clear the Mind (Level One) — This calms the mind of
a confused, scared, raging or otherwise mentally disturbed
creature. A Gnosis point and a successful Manipulation +
Empathy roll against a difficulty of the opponent's Will-
power (even ifthesubjectis willing, such emotional extremes
aredifficult tocontrol) are necessary in order for this to take
effect. In addition, if the target is anyone other than the
Kitsune himself, direct eye contact must be established.
This Jyu-hé will not cure insanity.

Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the Gift in the
Werewolf rulebook.

Read the Soul (Level Two) — By rolling Perception +
Empathy against a difficulty of the opponent's Willpower
and spending a Gnosis point, the Kitsune will be able to tell
when the target is lying or trying to trick her. This does not
grant any insight into what the truth actually is.

Mlusion (Level Three) — One target in visual range of
the Kitsune will see things in her head and believe them to
be real. One Gnosis point is necessary and a successful
Manipulation + Empathy roll must be made against the
target's Willpower in order for this to take effect. The
illusion is perfectly detailed and cannot be dispelled unless
the target is can be convinced that it is an illusion (the
relevant roll is up to the Storyteller; difficulty should be
adjusted for the credibility of the illusion). The illusions
last until the Kitsune's concentration is broken.

Kataribe

Fable (Level One) — The Kitsune tells an appropriate
fable or story and spends two Willpower points; all who
willingly listened to the story are implanted with a sugges-
tion (much like the similar vampire Discipline: Dominate)
for a number of days equal to the Kitsune's Manipulation +
Performance Dice Pool.

Lore (Level Two) — Many Kataribe collect old lore and
tales. In fact, they are far too many stories for the Kitsune
to remember in detail; therefore, many Kitsune learn this

1, which allows them to access the memories of other
Kataribe, living and dead. Those using this Jyu-hé will
remember specific lore related to a certain artifact or
location, usually in Japan, in fair detail. The Kitsune must
look at the target in question (or a picture of it) and make
a successful Intelligence + Rituals roll against a difficulty
provided by the Storyteller.

Seek (Level Three) — This opens contact with a local
spirit, enabling the Kitsune to ask about the location of one
individual. If the individual is outside the territory of the
spirit, the spirit will answer so. Spend one Gnosis point and
roll Wits + Occult against a difficulty of 6.

Rites

The following Rites from the Werewolf rulebook are
known to the Kitsune: Rite of Cleansing (a Shinto cer-
emony), Gathering for the Departed, Rite of Talisman
Dedication, Rite of Binding (used only with the spirit's
permission), Rite of Summoning, Rite of Ostracism, The
Badger's Burrow, Rite of the Shrouded Glen.

A Mine-Cail's Vision of
the World

Before cars and electronics became the trademarks of
Japan, the archipelago was filled with supernatural beings.
Neglected spirits took terrifying forms, while others be-
came foci of popular worship. There are legends after
legends of spirits and elementals, preserved and inherited
even today. Although some supernatural beings have crossed
the boundaries of men and nature and actually caused
harm, the two usually lived in harmony, humans respecting
nature and nature protecting and benefiting the people.

In Europe, nature and humanity were adversaries. This
fate helped create the corrupted Wyrm. The White-Faced
One could be characterized as something closer to the
Kindred than the Garou. She was the shadow of the
overgrown empire of China and the doom it brought upon
itself. The pieces of the great beast still spew poisonous gas,
and even weeds will not grow near them.

The source of the Nine-Tails' powers is dark and infer-
nal, but they are a part of nature as well. After all, Japan
exemplified such coexistence up until industrialization and
the introduction of European technology. The offspring of
the hellish creatures have mastered the "center road"
between what the Garou call the Weaver and the Wyld.
They represent the Wyrm's original function, to destroy
the creations of the Weaver and the Wyld that grow
beyond their borders. Of course, the Foxes are not con-
sciously aware of their role, but they continue to wreak
destruction ultimately for the sake of harmony. These
things are not taught to them by parents or elders; each Fox
knows the purpose he is to fulfill from childhood.

Unlike Garou, whose Rage is drawn from their anger at
the rape of Gaia, the "rage" of a Fox stems from an internal
struggle between their role as preservers and their birth-
right as destroyers. This conflict generates a raw, violent
energy which Kitsune can use much as the Garou use Rage.

Now the Foxes are drawn into the Garou's battle against
the Corrupter Wyrm from the West. As the restorers of
balance, theNine-Tailsnowfind that their distantancestor's
master, the Wyrm of entropy, is their greatest enemy.
However, the Nine-Tails must keep the Garou from de-
stroying too much and upsetting the natural balance in the
zealous pursuit of their own destiny. The Nine-Tails' so-
matic forces are drawn from the Wyrm's powers, but they
are also children of Gaia. What path will they choose?

Caerns: Places of Power


lw)
Children of Gaia
San Francisco.

Wheel of Ptah
Silent Striders

Casablanca


oes = Primary

meee Secondary
ee = Tertiary

9 Miles 1600


ice LAND OF LONGING DS?

- The world is the flesh of Gaia, the Earth Mother. She is sacred to Cae
Ce PERS the Garou. Across Her surface are sites where Her power is strong, :
. 2 where the Garou can still connect with the spirit world. In woods, f
sot in valleys and on mountains, these sites can still be found. They are 4
. the caerns, the ancient places of power. .

LAND OF DEATH :

As humanity spreads out across the once virgin earth, the caerns die
out, unable to withstand the onslaught of mankind's destruction.
Gaia's flesh is torn away. There is still hope, however. Even in the
cities, the sacred sites can be found, kept alive by the Garou. How
long will the caerns survive?' The Wyrm slithers ever onward,
destroying everything in its wake...
Caerns: Places of Power is a Werewolf sourcebook detailing Garou
sacred vy sites all over the world. It includes:
ZZ « Fourteen caerns, from the Wheel of Ptah crossroads
in Casablanca to the Black Spiral Dancers' living caern —
* inside the gut of a giant Thunderwyrm.
© A full-color map of the world's Moon Bridge routes.
e The cunning and dangerous Kitsune werefoxes of Japan.

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
STONE MTN. GA 30083

ISBN 1-56504-066-X
01 $15.00
SLSO4-OLL-x

il Hint

|
All
