# File: Cainite Heresy.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


If God created
have more than c
— Wolfaire

By KENNETH HITE, wiTH R. SEAN BERGSTROM AND
JASON LANGLOIS


CREDITS

Written by: Kenneth Hite, with R. Sean Bergstrom Norte

and Jason Langlois The author of The Cainite Heresy believes that

Original Fiction by: P. D. Cacek Jesus Christ was the Son of God. Nobody remotely
involved with this project, or at White Wolf, believes

he was a vampire. In the Real World (as distinct from

the World of Darkness), the Cathars were heretics, but

there isn't the tiniest shred of evidence anywhere that
Art by: Michael Gaydos, Eric Hotz and Brian LeBlanc they were diabolists, concealed diabolism or were inany

Development by: Richard E. Dansky
Editing by: Ed Hall
Art Direction by: Richard Thomas

Front Cover: Mike Danza way deserving of their nearly genocidal fate at the hands
Back Cover: Brian LeBlanc of the Roman Catholic Church. In other words, not
Layout and typesetting by: Pauline Benney only is what you hold just a game, it's ust a game about
Intern: John Chambers some seriously bent — and entirely fictional — people

horribly misled and tortured by inhuman monsters.
And that is why it's for individuals over the age of 18

Special THANKS To: only. If you have a problem with the content of this
Everyone out there who takes the time to read a book book, or find it offensive, PUT IT BACK DOWN.

Cover Design: Pauline Benney

before commenting on it, and who knows that in the end, it's

just a game,

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly 735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character a
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, & SUITE 128
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascen-
sion and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf CLARKSTON, CA 30021
Publishing, Inc, Allrightsreserved. Werewolfthe Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, USA
Trinity, TheCainite Heresy, Yearofthe Reckoning, BlackDogGame GAME STUDIO
Factory, Dark Ages Companion, Dark Ages Storyteller Secrets,
Clanbook Cappadocia, Clanbook Baali, Clanbook Toreador,
Constantinople by Night, Clanbook Lasombra, Children of the Night, Liege Lord and Lackey and Three Pillars are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Alll characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of orreference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games frp storyteller

PRINTED IN USA


Mauwmer's PsatmM
INTRODUCTION

CuapTer ONE: Patus or THOR
CHAPTER Two: Flowers oF &
CHAPTER THREE? MASKS OF PIF
CHAPTER Four: Fires oF GOE

Cuaprer Five: A Lone WALK DOW

Appenpix I: Noraste HERETICS AND HUNTERS
AppeNprx Il: SYSTEMS AND ADDENDA


= hloodto drink for they ave twovthy) Zam



Damhlaic d'Giolla Dhe shuddered and tightened his
grip on the firm, and until only a few moments before,
untouched hips of the prostrate young monk. It was,
however, not the naked flesh nor the release that held
d'Giolla Dhe's inter but rather the beauty of the
Abbey of St. Anacletus.

Still two leagues away and silhouetted against the wax-
ing light of the pre-dawn sky, the abbey's arched cas
blazed with welcoming light and glowed in the topmost
spires of turned stone that flanked each corner of the basilica
and bell tower like halberdiers.

If looking upon the Face of God was the greatest
transgression a mortal man could commit, then gazing upon
the abbey should have constituted no lesser a sin. For it was,
in d'Giolla Dhe's mind, the epitome of what was meant by
the very words "the Church." Of course, had he believed in
sin, he would have looked away; but since he didn't, he
emptied himself into the monk and stared in hopeless awe at
the abbey.

Sin was something d'Giolla Dhe was always quick to
point out... in others. And sin, in this case, the Sin of
Omission, was what had brought him to the Abbey of St
Anacletus.

For almost three months, the abbey had neglected to
send so much as a copper to the diocese which had jurisdic-
tion over it. And Father Damhlaic d'Giolla Dhe, recently
appointed Papal legate, was going to put an end to that.

Besides which, the Bishop had promised him an equal
share of whatever profits were to be found within the abbey's
silent walls.

It was an offer d'Giolla Dhe could not... in Holy Con-
science... refuse.

The thought momentarily transformed itself into a
second stiffening in his loins, to which the young man
reacted with a muttered sob anda breathless prayer. D'Giolla
Dhe looked down at the chill-pricked flesh pressed against
him and slapped it.

"Be still," he hissed as the young and formerly celibate
monk fell to one side and looked up at him. "Do not think
so highly of yourself, brother. It's unbecoming."

Gruntingas he stood, d'Giolla Dhe smoothed down the
front of his cassock and rolled his shoulders beneath the
heavy greased-wool and velvet cloak that had been pre-
sented to him for the journey.

The cowering young monk was barely able to stifle a sob
as he stood. The air was still cold despite the promise of
morning, and the brief exertion had left d'Giolla Dhe with
aching knees and a low tolerance for excessive dramatics.

"What is it now, brother?" he asked and hoped the tone
of his voice would dissuade any possible answer.


WTHSd SAUSIAIAIDIAL

«mod Burzzadxa waag aaey ayy

299 OqqL ay ‘URAPSI] OYPoUg Ure | "Pod oIUeAras ‘aUIOD
PAM, Pres yuow aup ,9Y] B][OID,P oeyyweq ae no4,,

"asreas siy Woy Suny wIp xY!ONUD UApjo3

<poppmis-wa8 ayp se jnyraneaq se asowpe *-u9as Jaa pey

ay ueur Aue se pryraneag se sea yuo ayYa aU]. "AIJ9q 8,24

POLO.P PALLY ‘YINo' sy Woy paraquiowar Ajareq "ysns

uuzem Vy "22e39] op paseazar ay se yoeq paddars pue payrwss

yuOU puodas ayp ‘pjo3 unds jo sayse] Yaeauag Jaf paystod
ayt] soko pue atey arty Jo yoys e yHN ‘oped pue pe,

"ssi 8 pu aoviquia Ue YIN WTY 19918 01 ayo atp pue as10y
Sty 94"1 01 DUO ‘oI Poors syuoW paqor-oiYy Om |

"Avauoop paypue aya wos

pajids weyp 2431] uapjo8 aysuug ayp ov! pue spoom ayp wos}

Surpye3 ayp pounds ay se aySnoys soypour ‘roy quads
pey days juaMow Jorg ayp 10 Su ays 418 3,UpIP aA]

{c2UOBag "IAW? UF Os [NOS

asoyp 10) s9kead v Aes puyy "Yuou! apa] ‘9oead UI OH, "pres
ay sist J, "Buyssoyq e UI puey sty paste ayq] eT]OIO,.G
royIey ‘Ng,

«SIUURL P]TUE NOK 40 NOK Jo soy] ay

10} 298]d yp I0U St StL], "AsOLUd INO jo su ay 02 >eq ApH

o1 nos pueuTWod | ‘"aypOIg ‘MON,, "WHY peauag UONEdIoNUE
ur gaamb asioy ay 39} ay ‘sutar aya dn SuyID
(onary & Avs ApomUyap Py SL,

-wioyp punore
pur aaoge paoype "ayoue dork auo ‘surears a10jy

"Apurey
pres 9yC] eTOID,P «A! JO spunos ayp Aq ‘ona19y Y,,

‘ssaUuT|N9s pasaiaeYs ay UAT WeaIDs JaYPOUE se 19yIe>]
a[ppes oy asurese yras wsoa3 yasumry a]9y 24] eTOID.G

MP sea ey,A,, "APPMb jpasuuny
passors ay se padse3 yuour ayy ,‘Aou9uI s,pop Ag,
ssmapeuy "Ig Jo Aaqqy ayL

‘aured 11

Yptya woy uoRautp ayp mauy ay reYp "ured ypIM payyy pue
as1y ay UeYp Jpnoy "wards puodas  JBYe ATUO sea IT

‘paioura "yaeaiq jo Suraverp padsez ayp anes ‘punos

ow 4te ur 3unes0gns ysy v jo Jey 941] WIEBE pauado pue anys

pur pauado ysnow s.s119]9 atp YSnoyp Uada ing ‘pareUIsu0

pey Axo aya az9yan sea eqn J! 99s 02 YUU Sun' ayp Ie UMOP
p20] pur Ajdieys ur Surpja8 ayp pauraz ayq PIPOIO,
-uom puy

Pq oy Jo

20104 ay YI aDUEUTUIOP 10} 143No} HEALS UAppNs e a10}aq,
— uw pur ‘sse ‘asr0y — sdaas 07 au08 a,upey doy,

"apis 5,94 PIJOID,p 01 yeutue

dup pea] pur sayey ador aya jo pjoy ayer uays ‘Aayuop

ayp jo aurds paroyuerqun ‘Aqqouy aya Apmis uoruedusos

sty poyrea pue o]ppes oyp our jfaswiTY Buns ueU 1apyo ay

‘surar ay Bundassy "Suipjas s,9yq e[]O1D,P Ya paumaas
‘Apystys Burjqqoy "xuou BuNod oy ou yp Aq Aoypea a4

Jo WH Uaasea aU SACL ULM PUL a]ed paroWIT|S UMEG
-sse Aes
Aun umo sry pue BuIp[as s,94q eTOID,P 19yPeI 02 pasoyfe
(suonenuny auasaid pue) aouarpago ised sry se Apypinb se
SUIAOU! MOU sem PUL UOISIaAIp YBnoUD IUEsea|d & se paslds
pey ay ‘]pag ‘soaou s,ueu v Uo 298 ATisea pjnoo SuuDduys
Jeur9yur sty pue Suruzow s,s01ULa 8 UO org YONINUT Pjo>j0

[Mog b se Burznadde se sem Aqjeotsyd yuow Bunok ay,
«noua Suo] Aawsnof

Aut padejap 24,n04 "stUNOW BY Y>29j OB ‘MON, "Pood,

-peay sty Joos yuow oy
a{SMOA 19410 NOK PIM Suope rE wa220810} nok
aarp "swuyesd pu soXead 10} aun v st ay ---spne] onus sey
anoy aq] J9YPOIg 4JJasinok Jo YBnoug,, "sand ywayst-sVULAL
‘pnp s,yuou! Suiqqos aya Sunezedas ainsuor poous ay

paddejs pur passiy are] au ,‘spunom umo s,po Aq,
sueroiaasig) Sunod op jo Surqqos ayp ano pouaosp
Aypassa]q 2eup punos mo]Joy Mo] ¥— Jamon s Aaqqe arp woy

Buyjor uedaq [Jaq ¥ ‘auisop rey SuIspaymouyse jt sy.
"yayo 02 pey smapeuy

"ag Jo Aaqqy ayp 2eYp [Ie sem MoU paruem oy ey Puy
"paruem ay rye Apoexa
Bunr08 1 [PAS §,24C BT]OLO,P Yoreur pjnos oyan say a19A
az9yp "yareg on] aya jo.9uURg Udy]Is 94p Japun paonoeid se
uojsensiad pue uononpas jo sonajaqns ay Suruzeay jo samy
pur sieah a1008-o12 raye ‘MON "FORE; si pauUapuod pet,
yas asorud oures ayp Aq a2e]qQQ se pardasoe sem Ajoverpaunut
wos ay Ietp JaNeUI AT pip JON "ueUBULY ayp 01 asarysysayp
Ur sonvew 01 W998 10U PIP YAnoU s 1aBunok ay 24 E[]OLO,P

jo Sem Aq autor pey uoissazuos ays rwyp 398) ay,
3139194 passozuod
B 4aqqis aya Woy Sunais ay se Burooup pue payynow-aded
‘Ayqusostun parp pey 24q e]}O19,p s9p]9 9yp ‘9j1] sty Jo yout UL
ultpi oq aup uareaq pey ‘anBuo sty uodn 1oIDa4 & Jo SBUt
-ssaqq prooey ayp Sundaose uos siy Surpuy uodn ‘oy ueut
Jono v 99UQ "9yI] s,ureW Pjo ay Jo pud ay Ie — uNY UDA

pey s912e} sty du0 Jo ayC] EIJOID,p papurwas Yoo] ay
(ong "ang, wiyae

dn pades uejnasod ased sea4 j[ny U0 394 0U YuoUT ay |
(c21 02 paaase nox "uonsasins

ayp apeul Ajos9Ur | "pauurs avy NOA, ‘pes ay "ON,
H pren

suoar

-01 payoo] pue yrvaq daap & Yoo ayq eI11IN,C

(quaU0} Sunsepaaa
STH UF wing qpeys apy, ‘Peonpord o119]9 Ayoy sup
aouesayn Arana 01 Suruayst] A[NI 19M POH JI SB **"pIOM
Jeuy ayp ae sadsrym v o2 Buryyey a9100 sty ‘pres yuow
Bunok ay? ,‘poo isureBe pouuls savy an—op,,


D'Giolla Dhe smiled, although his lips stung from the
lingering coldness of the man's mouth, and cocked his head
to one side. The screams were so loud, so vibrant, it was as
if they were a living entity standing behind the abbot and
awaiting introduction,

"I thank you, Brother Uisdean. And itsoundsasif have
not arrived a moment too soon."

The abbor smiled and light seemed to gather in his face

"How perceptive of you, Father," he said and,
taking d'Giolla Dhe's elbow, led them through the
nave where thick tallow tapers in gleaming silver hold-
ers lit their way to the apse. "Yes, as you can see... we
are in need of you."

D'Giolla Dhe stumbled and felt the abbor's cold fingers
tighten on his flesh as he looked past the circle of monks
kneeling before the Holy Rood and up into the face of the
crucified Christ.

The figure on the cross was not carved wood, but a man,
a living, breathing, bleeding man. Naked, hands and feet
bound to the wooden cross by thongs that cut into his flesh,
the man stared down at d'Giolla Dhe and screamed, blood
gushing from his tongueless maw.

‘such a mea-
ger offering... and we have so little on the pallet to choose
from. But now that you're here, Father d'Giolla Dhe, it is

Brother Uisdean nodded. "Yes," he said,

our hope that all our sacrifice and scrounging will soon be
things of the past."

D'Giolla Dhe could not take his eyes from the crucified
man as the abbot half-carried, half-dragged him to the
blood-stained cross.

"1

Brother Uisdean waved the words away and gently
placed a hand over d'Giolla Dhe's heart. Cold seeped
through the wool and velvet and all but made the racing
organ stop.

"Tell me, Father," the monk said, "would you agree that
on acertain level, heresy is simply the non-acceptance of a
power greater than one's self, a power that has already made
itself manifest?"

D'Giolla Dhe looked from the calm face of the monk to

the tortured countenance suspended above him. If this was

how the monks within the Abbey of St. Anacletus dealt with
heretics then it was no wonder there'd been no tithing. You
could not render coppers from the dead.

"Yes," he answered. "I would."


Brother Uisdean nodded and moved his hand from
Giolla Dhe's chest to accept a golden chalice bejeweled
with rubies

"And heresy is the greatest sin your kind can commit?"

"My kind?" d'Giolla Dhe asked... then his stomach
turned as the Abbot held the cup to the stream of blood
flowing down the crucified man's thigh and filled it to the
brim.

Bile raced into the back of his throat when the brim-
ming cup was offered to him

jo?" Brother Uisdean asked before bringing the cup to
his own lips and drinking deeply. "You should, Father.... It
is best when still warm."

The cold which had touched d'Giolla Dhe's heart and
lips suddenly seemed to encase him from tonsure to boots,
and all but numbed the feeling from his fingers as he
snatched the cross from his throat and lifted it into the space
between himself and the grinning monk.

"God protect me," he tried to shout, only to hear his
voice muffled with fear. "You are Cainites!"

"Yes," the creature in monk's guise answered, "we are."

Then, reaching out, it took the cross from ¢'Giolla
Dhe's hand and turned it first one way and then the other.
Ie frowned

"Ours are so much prettier," the thing calling itself
Brother Uisdean said. "But now, we have so little time to
devote to the creation of beauty that it soon may come to...
this." He looked sadly at d'Giolla Dhe's impotent ornament.
"That is why we sent for you.

"We need you, Father Damhlaic d'Giolla Dhe, beloved
servant of God, to give us back the time and energy we must
expend each night in the pursuit of sustenance."

D'Giolla Dhe covered his throat with both hands.

"Please, Father, control yourself. If we'd wanted to feast
on you, you would have already taken this man's place on the
Holy Cross. No, you are of more use to us alive than you
would be as a mere supper, drained and then forgotten."

"H-h-how then?"

"Well," the Cainite said, "I know that priestly mod-
esty prevents you from admitting this, but you are well
known throughout the land. We have heard of your fame
and... talents, even in aplace as isolated as this one. If you
were to renounce your position as Papal legate in order to
retire here, as rector, there would be no end of old foes
seeking you out."

D'Giolla Dhe looked up at the crucified man. "You want
to use me as bait. To make me another Judas?"

The Cainite didn't answer, didn't move, didn't breathe.

"And if I refuse?"

This Brother Uisdean answered. "You will have to die.
But I promise you a true death, one without our particular
damnation."

Dead, but not damned. But still dead.

"And if | accept?"

A smile parted the Cainite's lips as he held the chalice
out once more to d'Giolla Dhe. "Then all that we have
created, and all that we will ever create, will be yours,
Father."

D'Giolla Dhe studied his miniature reflections within
the faceted hearts of the rubies, then lifted the chalice to his
lips.

The legate watched over the golden rim of the cup as
Brother Uisdean smiled, his elongated fangs gleaming like
polished ivory.

"And Jesus said," the Cainite whispered, "Take this and
drink... for it is My blood."

MUMMER'S PSALM



The book oF the shining blood of - Oi i Lesy
Chpist ahd His bol, dh¢els as sett by His
brother Caite From oot of Nod. to all mankind. -
The Fipst word was God, who knéws' all Things, who
is Ihe, ohd hose light shines unditrined,

The: shadows oF such light hope dim light and the
tisticth sheer is laldabaoth, the Lag jp

ad jade

It is From Caine that the angels é
sping, apehot' From aeon and aedh
From God: From Calbe sbpings the True

Trinity and thinkeen byupe apchons From bis

shining blood, which holds the obly vittue and
the obfy tpath Fop all men
Ti is Caine thet laldabacth; fhe
ey tmodelep in, dust, dated pot kil], that
pone tay Kil. Fon the world f clay
mores as élay to wetter, abd


prep ee to. the shiping blood js as =e
clay to watep. Only the light oF shiping blood may
opehcotne: the vinfye: thepein.
Fok the passing oF ab age, he lived beyond Nod
in the slendop cP tomer ond Glopy. For six
times six- hundred yedhs dyelt he ip the Fhuse oF
Life, Bot still be sd the, hand oF.
laldabaoth beayy on mankind, abd
Fop lope apoke again jd Wisc an
petupned to the world dF" moptels.
Chad From ber and Frat the Power oF
8 O:Caine cate. The at vintue or lire, ahd the
r) prety hight oF The ligt that shihes in the bof
m bod oF Caijhe, ‘aba of the Cro} aye) into
Bethlehetm abd ghto Ga Jilee:
nd the life sboke ib piddles, that those who route .
of hdce- Wisdom wight wocderstand, and
kno y tt the Light oF Caihe shthe Fob
dll, Fop al within Wi isdom. Cd the


Life was called king, and Ehinanyel!, and brobhet,
ahd hoch, "as
Gd Fe cglael again the doops oF
: : 28 the doops
B- Wisdom abd to shape
oe hs SHE Goby oF Cate:
ad a4 Gad LR coher when He
6 eehicl washed jts hands oF fhe
shiding blood oF the. copenartt But the sohs dF
Fe, the holy angels, pefna ined, fuapding the

Hreasype of ) vintte, ge shi ibjbg Llood.

Bed the | Wiseman seeks such vittes ad: the
ood imap seeks to gpart cthehs such y] Intec, ad
Abe: ahgels o- to ¢Uathd such yiphhe,

Cod thepe pill come.a Hipe when the tupnings..cP

the yeahs ‘dhe ‘teat and when The shining bho
shal! dit, whet the world will tuo cold and 4 a. |
ned stan shine in the heerens like the eye


oe shal] withdp ay Eoin
wonld, chal it lke
clay le too lon ob} in the ove, *e
ahd the angels ahd ahchons will
aise' incoppuptible aid The doops fo
God slat iy
CGthod those iho do hot etch the
tbh dee oF Wisdor abd koow the Re-
tun er Virtue, the Second Ghoch, the
. ‘tie Caihe, shall Fall to laldaébaoth
ahd be sett yb os dust Phot the open
side, into The Vole oF Gehenna. ;
But beFope those: days will hise-The .
kingdom oF Virtue whebe the blood shines


tke dh alabaster
WF ontKess ob: moyntcintas,
abd wittin that kings dom

the ah¢els shall es
‘ ctl The ledjots oF
it shal)

Cd Hose ho nop the ae stall

live Sites ‘apd they shall fhepefs die
though J Na abet stripe mightily q gainst
they, and they shall petupn the AON Viptuc
to God, token ub by The apelns.



Vlove then listen to the things vohich
ther ave telling you in a mystery and
guard therm Do not tell them to the sons
of this age. Sor ther spall laspheme youin
these ages since they are ignovant of you,
but they voill praise you in knovoledge...
Gnd they voill deave to the name of a
dead man thir ng they voill become pute.
Gut they voill become greatly defiled and
they voillfallintoa nrarne of ecrorandinto
the harid of evil... and they voill be cided
heretically,....

- Apocalypse of St Meter


and when they were alone, Caine slew his brother Abel
with a stone. Then Caine took the blood of Abel into his hands
and gulped it down. The Lord said to Caine, "What have you
done to your brother Abel?" He answered, "I have drunk of his
blood, so [may be my brother's keeper." Andthe Lord said, "You
have tasted your kin's blood and no fruie of the soil will succor
you. A great sorrow you have brought to your father Adam and
Your mother Eve." Caine became sad and said to the Lord, "Iam
driven from the soil and shall be a fugitive and a wanderer om the
earth, and whoever finds me will kill me."

The Lord said, "Not so! Hide from my face, so
you cannot be found. But bear this token and by it
any who find you will know that you are the first born
to Adam, and to kill you is to suffer for it sevenfold."
And Caine was marked by the Lord and went out
from his presence to dwell in the land of Nod, to the
east of Eden.

— The story of Caine and Abel, from the text of
the Definitiones Czelestii

Welcome to the corruption beneath the corruption:
Observe how the Church, humanity's greatest hop
intellectual rebirth no less than for spiritual salvation —rots
away as black seductions, jealous greed and selfish dogma do
their corrosive work. These elements have always been
present, even within the human hearts of the Church. The
need for the reforms of Leo IX's papacy and of the Cistercian
movement, as well as the great popularity of movements
such as that of Francis of Assisi, demonstrate that men of
God are no strangers to the ways of the flesh — or to striving
forbetter. But the errors made by clergymen are human flaws
in a human structure. The very reforms that bring such
abuses to light show that the human Church is not irredeem-
ably cancerous. For every corrupt bishop lining his pockets
from the poor box, there are communities of monks whose
faith in the God of Love shames lords into feeding the
hungry and clothing the ragged. The power of Faith grants
temporal power, along with all the temptations of the world
such power offers, but it also shelters the weak and gives

— for

hope to all Christendom.

Cainite Heretics do not oppose the Church because of
its corruptions and failings; they oppose the Church because
of its mercies and triumphs. The power that Rome holds
overhuman souls (and human kingdoms) isa power thatthe
Cainites covet. The Heresy substitutes vampiric vitae for
the communion wine, thus leading to a dark transubstantia-
tion indeed as the blood oath takes hold in the parishioners
or priests. Similarly, its agents and ministers work toturn the
pious worship of the Son of God into the black narcotic
addiction to the blood of the Damned. The Heresy dreams
of transforming the Bride of Christ on Earth into a ghoul
enslaved to vampiric bidding — and of taking all Europe as
her dowry.

CAINITE HERESY

RESOURCES
Movies

For whatever reason, there don't seem to be a lor of
movies about heretical cults controlling the Church through
vampirism. No, I don't know what Hollywood is thinking,
either, but here are some films with themes paralleling ones
in The Cainite Heresy.

* Bad Day at Black Rock (John Sturges, 1955) is a
Western noir set in a small California town with a dark
communal secret. Not Catharism, unfortunately, but it's a
heck of a movie about social pressure and the power of guilt

© The Name of the Rose (Jean-Jacques Annaud, 1986)
stars Sean Connery, and it's based on an Umberto Eco novel
(see below); what more can you possibly want?

© The Wicker Man (Robin Hardy, 1973) is a terrific
modernization of the plight of a lone Inquisitor in a town full of
heretics (in thiscase, a policedetective ina town fullof pagans).

Books

* The Gnostic Gospels, by Elaine Pagels. A mercifully
brief, unbiased and non-technical introduction to the com-
plex of beliefs making up early Gnosticism.

* Holy Blood, Holy Grail, by Michael Baigent, Henry
Lincoln and Richard Leigh. It's got Church cover-ups,
mystical blood, Gnosticism, the Cathars and dozens of
sequels and imitators on the same topics.

* Massacre at Montségur, by Zoé Oldenbourg. Still a
decent history of the Cathar movementand the Albigensian
Crusade, bue virulently pro-Cathar and becoming more out
of date all the time. It'sa shame, because Oldenbourg tells an
exciting story very well.

* The Monk, by Matthew Lewis and Melmoth the
Wanderer, by Charles Maturin. Two of the founding nov-
els of English-language horror; both derive power from

ConTrRA ERRARE
N Autuor's Note
The path of the Cainite Heresy leads not only
through the dominant Catholic and Orthodox
Churches but through many other beliefs made anath-
ema by themasheretical. Thus, referencesto "heresy"
and "heretics" abound throughout this book. I have
capitalized "Heresy," "Heretic" andallied terms when
they refer specifically to the Cainite Heresy; any

reference to a "heresy" or a "heretic" applies to other
groups or to heretical groups in general. The word
nite" by itself as a noun always ref

human followers of the Cainite Heresy are

toa vam-


themes of Church corruption. Both are pretty heavy going,
too, so be warned

* Montaillou: Promised Land of Error, by Emmanuel
Le Roy Ladurie. Taken from the records of the Inquisition,
this social history describes a small French town and how
heresy and orthodoxy were able to co-exist there

* The Name of the Rose, by Umberto Eco. If you
haven't read this masterpiece of a novel yet, do so as
soon as you possibly can. This medieval murder mys-
tery gives great insight into the nature of theology and
the Inquisition

LEXICON

In the Middle Ages, theological discussion is almost
scientific discussion, with its own vocabulary, jargon and
technical terms. This lexicon defines some of these terms
and gives a first glimpse of the many groups which shape the
milieu of the Cainite Heresy.

Aeons: In Gnosticism, emanations from God; the far-
ther from God they are, the more corrupt and the more
humanlike they become.

Albigensian: A Cathar (q.v.), specifically one in the
south of France.

x

Animal: In Gnosticism, that which is composed almost
entirely of matter with only minor spiritual component
Vide psychic

Aphthartodocetism: Sixth century C.E, Byzantine he-
retical doctrine emphasizing the incorruptibility of Christ's
flesh.

Archbishop of Nod: The "Pope" of the Cainite Heresy,
currently the Lasombra Narses, Prince of Venice.

Archons: Guardians or rulers of the Earth; dualist her-
esies separate them into good and evil archons. Roughly
equivalent to the Antediluvians in Heretical theology.

Arianism: Marginally Gnostic heresy of the fourth cen-
tury CE. popular with the Gothsand other Germanic invad

Bishops of Nod: Circle of Cainites who direct the Her.

Black Magdalene, Ck
France, secretly part of

rch of the: A Heretical cult in
tite stratagem.

Blood Communion: The Heresy's central sacrament,
which replaces or mingles the wine of the Christian Eucha-
rist (q.v.) with vitae.

Bogomilism: Manichaean heresy practiced in the Balkans
from 950C.E.;essentially a Slavic modification of Paulicianism
and, to some extent, a Heretical front.

INTRODUCTION


Carpocratians: Early dualist Gnostic heretics of the
second century C.E. who, like the Ophites (q.v.), believed in
knowledge of sin as the road to salvation; they may represent
the beginning of the Heresy as a continuous entity.

Catharism: Widespread Manichaean heresy connected
with Bogomilism; currently the center of Heretical activity
in the West.

Church Material: Pejorative Heretical name for tradi-
tional Christianity, specifically the Catholic church. Vide
Pilate, Church of.

Consolamentum: In Catharism, both the ceremony
ordaining a parfait and the ritual suicide of the parfait.

Crimson Curia: The administrative bureaucracy of the
Bishops of Nod (q.v.), which is staffed almost entirely by ghouls.

Daimones: Pre-Christian philosophical conception of
divine beings trapped in material flesh; highly influential on
the Gnostic concept of spiritual beings (as opposed to
psychic or animal beings, qq.v.)-

Demiurge: "The Creator," usually identified in Gnosti-
cism with Satan and often with the God of the Jews.

Donatism: Non-Gnostic heresy holding that the effi-
cacy of the Eucharist depends on the spiritual and moral
state of the officiant.

Dualism: The belief that all things are either good or
evil, and that good and evil are closely balanced in an
eternal struggle. Vide Manichaeism

idolon: A shadow, or image; a term often used in
Gnosticism to refer to Christ, one emphasizing His purely
spiritual nature.

El One who is destined to achieve salvation and
reunion with God; in Gnosticism, the elect are spiritual beings.

Eucharist: Also called communion. One of the Chris-
tian sacraments, a recreation of the Last Supper of Jesus that
involves the ceremonial ingestion of wine and bread. Vide
Transubstantiation.

Euagetaematikon: The central scripture of the Cainite
Heresy.

Gnosis: Knowledge, illumination; specifically, wisdom
reserved for a dedicated few as opposed to revelations for all.

Gnosticism: Philosophy emphasizing gnosis (q.v.) over
revelation; Gnosticism became the guiding theology of
many Christian heresies.

Heresiarchs: Ruling figures in a heresy; when capital-
ized, refers to the rulers of the Cainite Heresy.

Taldabaoth: Also called Jaldabaoth, a common Gnostic
name for the Demiurge (q.v.)-

Iconoclasm: Literally, the "breaking of icons"; name for
a powerful quasi-heretical movement in eighth and ninth

century Byzantium that opposed the representation of God,
Jesus ot other holy figures in art.

Incorruptibility: In Catholic and Orthodox doctrine,
the quality possessed by the flesh of very holy saints (and in

CAINITE HEF

some beliefs, of Christ) which ensures that it does not rot
after death. Vide Aphthartodocetism.

Jehovah: A conventional spelling of the name of the
Jewish and Christian God; actually, a mistransliteration of
the word Yahveh (YHVH).

Johannites: Followers of a secretive heretical sect which be-
lieved that John the Baptist was the Messiah and Christan impostor.

Languedoc: The nearly independent counties of
Toulouse and Provence in southern France, also called
Occitania, Septimania and (after about 1150) les Pays de
Cathars (the country of the Cathars). The people of
Languedoc speak Occitan, not French.

Legate: An ambassador, troubleshooter or other per-
sonal representative of an important religious figure. A
legate can speak for his superior.

Liturgy of Childeric: The formal Western liturgy of the
Cainite Heresy.

Logos:‘The Word," acommon Gnostic term for the good God.

Manichaeism: Starkly dualist heresy holding that the
world and all matterare the realm of evil, and good rules only
spiritual and ideal affairs.

Marcionism: Ascetic, communal anti-Gnostic heresy
of the second century C.E. that rejected much of the New
Testament and all of the Old Testament. Like Gnosticism,
it identified the God of the Old Testament with Satan.

Materia: Base matter.

Monophysitism: Quasi-Gnostic heresy of the fourth
and later centuries C.E. holding that Christ's nature
wholly divine. Bogomilism and Catharism hold similar beliefs.

Mystery Cult: Any religious group with hidden rituals
of initiation or communion, usually used to refer to Orphism
(q.v.) and similar sects in the Greek and Roman world.

Nestorianism: Marginally Gnostic heresy of the Byzan-
tine Empire holding that Christ's two natures represented
two beings working in perfect harmony.

Officiant: The performer of a ceremony, usually (in
Catholic sacraments) a priest.

Ophites: Early Gnostics who deliberately identified
themselves with the enemies of the Old Testament God.
Vide Carpocratians.

Ordination: Becoming a priest; the associated Catholic
sacrament is called Holy Orders. Vide Consolamentum

Orphism: The most influential Greek Mystery Culs
(q.v.); it was devoted to the allegorical and visionary ele-
ments of the legend of Orpheus, especially the achievement
of "divine madness"; Orphism in this book includes the
closely-related rites of Dionysus.

Parfaits: The Elect of Catharism, who serve as Cathar
"priests." Vide Perfect.

Paulicians: Manichaean heretics in Asia Minor from the
seventh to ninth centuries C.E.; they represent the key link
in the chain of Heresy from the Carpocratians to Bogomilism,


and their exile to Bulgaria marks a key development in the
westward movement of the Cainite Heresy.

Pelagianism: Non-Gnostic heresy holding that man
can achieve salvation by will and reason alone; popular in
Britain and Gaul in the fifth century and among many
vampires to this day.

Perfecti: Latin for parfaits (q.v.)

Pilate, Church of: Scomful Heretical term for the
Catholic Church, the Church of Rome. Vide Church Material

Pleroma: The realm of pure spirit.

Pneuma: Greek for "breath," often used by Gnostics to
refer to spirit.

Psychic: In Gnosticism, possessed of a modicum of
spiritual consciousness though still too marred by materia to
be considered elect. Vide animal.

Red Pentecost: Quasi-Orphic rite of "divine madness"
used in the Heresy to worship the Beast, as a confessional
sacrament and, occasionally, as a shattering initiation rite.

Sacrament: In Christianity, a ritual that makes mani-
fest divine grace. The seven sacraments of Catholicism and
Orthodoxy are the Eucharist, baptism, confession, ordina-
tion, confirmation, marriage and extreme unction (lastrrites)
In Catholicism, the matter (e.g., wine and bread), form
(spoken liturgy and gestures) and intention must all be
present for the sacrament to take effect.

St. Panteleimon, Order of: A monastic order within
the Cainite Heres

See of Nod: A "see" is a bishopric; the domain of the
Bishops of Nod (q.v.)-

Sethite: Gnostic doctrines placing emp!
third son of Adam, as a prefiguration of Christ

Sophia: Literally, "Wisdom," an important figure in
Gnosticism representing both divine wisdom and (some-
times) divine mercy; the pursuit of Sophia is an important
element of gnosis.

‘Swarm of Samael: Baalite branches of the Cainite Heresy.

Third Caine: Final Messiah promised in the
Haemophotikon; a figure representing the Second Coming of
Christ and the Third Coming of Caine. Possibly identical
with the Christian Antichrist.

is on Seth,

Transubstantiation: The literal, physical transforma-
tion of the bread and wine of the Eucharist to the Holy Body
and Holy Blood of Christ at the climax of the sacrament
with only the "accidents" of bread and wine remaining; a key
element of Catholic doctrine.

Valentinian: Any follower of Valentinus (100?-160?
CE.); usually a believer in Sethite doctrine

Vernacular: The local language of an area, as opposed
to Latin. Catholic doctrine forbids preaching in, or transla-
tion of Scripture into, the vernacular.

Waldenses: Followers of Peter Waldo; these heretics
deny Transubstantiation and preach in the vernacular. The
beliefs of the Waldenses prefigure Lutheranism.

CONTENTS

Not all true things are true, and not all true things should
be revealed to all men

— attributed to Clement of Alexandria

The pages ahead reveal all of what is known and much
of what is guessed about the trails and machinations of the
Cainite Heresy in Dark Medieval Europe. As always, the
Storyteller should decide exactly how much of this inform
tion is common knowledge, how much is dark rumor and
just plain wrong.

Chapter One: Paths of Thorns traces the lineage of the
Cainite Heresy and its development from pre-Christian
beginnings, through the birth of Gnosticism and up to the
Dark Medieval present. Sidebars discuss vampiric influence
on the other major heresies of the period, and those beliefs'
contributions to the Heresy. Here, the major events in the
Heresy's past stand revealed

Chapter Two: Flowers of Evil covers the Here
theology, doctrine, practices, geographical spread, its hierar-
chy and its goals. How do you get into the Heresy? How do
you know what is Heretical and what is not? Who is behind
its growth, and what are they planning?

Chapter Three: Masks of Piety gives advice to Story-
tellers and players for dealing with Heretical themes in the
chronicle. Roleplaying religion, not to mention blasphemy,
can be difficult; this chapter is here to help.

Chapter Four: Fires of God tells of individuals who hunt
the Heresy openly in the towns and castles, and of the ones
who work to bring it down from the corridors of the Vatican
and the palaces of kings. Not all the Heresy's enemies are
churchmen. Not all of the Heresy's enemies are even alive.

Chapter Five: A Long Walk down the Devil's Road
discusses mindsets and methods for playing this most challeng-
ing of Roads. While not technically affiliated with the Cainite
Heresy, Via Diabolis certainly holds appeal for many Heretics.

how much

Appendix: Notable Heretics and Hunters details for
you, gentle reader, some of the faces and stories of the
Heresy's staunchest supporters — and fiercest foes.

But now, the homily draws to its close; the Scriptures
stand open and the cup is at hand.

Take, all of you, and drink...

A Note on Historica Accuracy
Much of the material covered in this book hews
very closely toactual historical events and theologies.
Apart from the Cainite Heresy, the heretical groups
mentioned within these pages were real. Although
the vampiric influence postulated upon them is of
course fictional, orders such as the Ophites actually
did exist. The horror of heresy gone terribly awry —
and the steps taken to contain it — is all too real.

INTRODUCTION



Wh recover, also there has broken out
another heresy also, vohich is called that of
the Cainites, Gnd the reason is, that ther
magnily Gain as if he had been conceived
of some potent Victue vohich opecatedin
bine foe Abel had been procreated oftec
being conceived ofan ilecioe Wietue, and
accordingly had been found inferior.

- Certullian, Against All Beresies


" rellius, you never could see to the heart of the matter,"
Ceelestius said as he thumped his chest with a closed fist. "Why
must you always be concerned with everything but the truth?"

What yo say is not the ruth. No matter how long you argue
it, iewill not become true." rellius put a hand on his friend's shoulder
to bring Ceelestius' frantic pacing to a sudden hale

Cielestius shoved the restraining hand aside and turned from
his friend. "Force will not restrain me. Yon —and all of the other
relics like you —are all so concerned with Caine. Don't you see,
Arrellius? [tis not Caine we should be following. Caine is not the
source of our blood."

"Again with that. This grand revelation is what you want to
share with the Pope?" Arrellius stared wearily at the back of
Ceelestius' head. They'd been through this argument a hundred
times in a hundred cities, and Cerlestius' position never so much
as budged.

"Think, Atellius, for once in your existence, think. Caine is
the son of Adam. He is the first generation. ..." Caelestius waited,
to see if his companion would make the connection. The length of
the silence grew uncomfortable, so he continued: "\W/hat makes us
what we are is not Caine's blood, but rather the blood of Adam. We
carry the blood of the original man; we descend from Adam. The
Pope has to know."

"I don't think so," Arellius said, reaching out to place a
comforting hand on Ceelestius' shoulder. "Noe if I can help it."

"Don't you see, sire?" Ceelestius turned with a feral light in
his eyes. "You can't."

The trail of the Cainite Heresy winds through the
entire history of the Christian Church, and its roots go back
centuries further. The careful student can find them in the
bloodier Eastern mystery cults celebrated in the ancient
territories of Asia Minor and Syria, which later became such
fertile grounds for heresies of all kinds. The question of
vampiric influence on or creation of the human heresies
proves difficult to resolve: Some awestruck humans and
vainglorious vampires give the Cainites credit for every zig
and zag of human history, no matter how unlikely or con-
trived. On the other hand, both those vampires who feared
Christianity and ones who saw in ita new avenue for their
power had ample motives and opportunities to twist and
reshape the skein of events to their own liking. As with so
many issues, both heretical and vampiric, a final accounting
of responsibilities and influences proves impossible, despite
a hundred tempting threads of speculation.

THE CaAINITES
AND THE Gops

Should god be like a proud man in his rage?
— Euripides, The Bacchae

Eversince Carthage (if not before), some Cainites have
reigned over human herds as gods, cowing the populace with
minor "miracles" of vampiric power and ensuring streams of

CAINITE HERESY

bloody sacrifices. Cainite indolence and human fears kept
these cults to the shadows of the primitive cities for the most
part, although the Baali and Set's childer seldom caviled at
ruling openly.

As time marched on, however, and as the kine learned
the power of organization, and of fire, most vampires will-
ingly returned to the shadows. Human priesthoods seldom
interfered with the dark rites of the chthonic "gods" that the
Cainites declared themselves to be, but it was not wise for a
vampire to show himself too long, or too often, to his
followers. The veil of mystery surrounding a "god," once
rent, could never be repaired.

Driven by the wrath of mortals and the rewards of
secrecy, vampiric cults melted deeper into the background of
human religion. The poets and philosophers polished the
old tales of blood and agony into stories of moral uplift or
bawdy recollection. Humans seemed unconcerned with their
gods; as. result, the vampires saw less and less reason to cloak
their powers in religious mummery.

Comfortable as it was, this separation of religion from
spiritual matters, ethics or other concerns of daily life
could not last long. In the cosmopolitan Greek east, older
and more powerful paganisms remade themselves in the
model of the Orphic mysteries. Cults of Isis, Attis, Cybele
and others spread as far as Rome even by the second
century B.C.E. The influences of Zoroaster's uncompro-
mising Persian morality spread into the region to provide
an unflattering comparison with the effete and hypocriti-
cal forms of the cities' religions.

Still more influential were the Jews. The various
diaspora of Assyrian, Babylonian and (later) Seleucid con-
quest left literate populations of devout monotheists in
every major capital of the antique world. The Jewish
colony in Alexandria, especially, carried on a major philo-
sophical debate with the Hellenistic and Isian scholars of
the library there. Monotheism, both simplistic and inef-
fable, appealed to the Hellenistic mind. Jewish traditions
of a dark, adversarial spirit opposing God, ones taken from
their Babylonian captors and reinforced by their Zoroas-
trian liberators, echoed strongly with the Platonic notion
of the dialectic between the divine Idea and the material
receptacles (chora) into which it falls.

GNosIS

From this synthesis of Hebrew theology, Platonic
philosophy, Egyptian ritual and Zoroastrian cosmology,
Gnosticism emerged. Taking its name from the Greek
word gnosis, or "knowledge," Gnosticism held that salva-
tion can be achieved only by personal knowledge of the
truth, regardless of whether that knowledge comes
through studies, initiatory instruction or sudden "illu-
mination." This belief contrasted sharply with the
Christian belief chat salvation derives from God alone,


whose revelations are available to all humanity through
Church teachings, and with Jewish beliefs that obedi-
ence to the written Law and the covenants of the
patriarchs ensure divine approval

Gnostic cosmology differed strongly from Christian
conceptions in other areas as well. In most Gnostic tradi-
tions, the material and divine worlds can be clearly
distinguished; many Gnostics considered the Creator of
the world (whom they called Ialdabaoth) not merely sepa-
rate from God, but inferior or even malign and resentful. In
Gnostic thought, the Godhead, in its Platonic purity,
cannot have created the gross and cumbersome material
world. Rather, emanations from God (usually eight or 30
"aeons," identified as angels in more Christian Gnosticisms)
extend from the empyrean to the material, and the lowest
such aeon, the Demiurge, creates the world.

Nevertheless, although the Demiurge's Creation re-
mains horribly flawed, hope exists, at least for some. One
of the aeons, Sophia, the feminine principle of divine
wisdom (whom some traditions blame for the Creation
through either her lustful weakness or her prideful reason),
brings forth a redeeming spirit in memory of the higher
world. When that redeemer rescues Sophia from the world
through divine marriage (or at least through magical copu-
lation), the reign of matter can be broken.

Sophia is not the only spiritual being trapped in the
material world, of course. Other shards of divine light (or,
in some versions, divine pneuma, or breath) fall into the
worldly trap and must struggle against the prison of matter,
thus recalling the Empedoclean doctrines of the Orphics
These higher, spiritual, beings possess the capacity for
gnosis, and only through their influence and teachings can
mere "psychic" or "animate" beings (ordinary Jews and
Christians possessed of enough spirit, or anima, to reject
pure matter) or material beings (base pagans worshipping
material idols) be saved. Gnostic doctrines differ on the
number and nature of spiritual beings, on whether there
remains any hope for animal and psychic beings at all, and
on virtually every other detail of the cosmology

This basic framework emerged in the hundred years or
so after 50 B.C.E. and rapidly intersected with the new
Christian religion. Both Christianity and Gnosticism pre-
sented exciting new syntheses of Jewish monotheism with
Greek intellectual and political thought. Many early Chris-
tians adopted Gnostic teachings, and vice versa, in an
attempt to create a theology with the best of both schools.
Other Christians recoiled in horror at the implications of
Gnosticism. Even before the new faith had a form, it had a
heresy. The Cainites were not slow to take advantage of
these twin revolutions in human worship.


Tue BIRTH OF
THE HERESY

When you reach the place this evening, you shall hear my
voice as I sing to You, and you shall have wine stich as you
never before drank...

— Offer of the Lamia to Menippus, as quoted in
Philostratus' Life of Apollonius of Tyana

The first certain contact between the major figures of
Gnostic thought and the Cainites came in 74 C.E., in the
Greek polis of Corinth. (Rumors of Simon Magus' dealings
with the Gangrel are simply that, rumors.) Artemisia, a
Lamia of great intellectual gifts, fell in love with Menippus,
a disciple of the great Gnostic magus Apollonius of Tyana.
Menippusand Artemisia enjoyeda true meeting of minds, in
addition to their mutual physical attraction. Menippus
imparted much of Apollonius' Gnostic learning to the
Gorgon, just as she shared the details of vampiric lore with
him in intimate speech. Apollonius halted this peculiar
pillow talk when he prevented his disciple's Embrace. The
magus' intervention, once the Lamia noised it about, per-
versely engaged the curiosity of the Cappadocians, who
were already fascinated with the new savior-cult spreading
out of Palestine and into the' civilized portions of the
Empire. Their scholarly minds worked at the problems of
Gnostic philosophy while Cappadocius himself sought the
wisdom of Heaven. On the human side, Apollonius incor-
porated the fragments of learning Menippus had gathered
into his own, highly influential, works.

In the blended worldview of the Cainites and the
Gnostics, vampires became self-evidently spiritual beings
of the highest type. Their magical-appearing Disciplines,
their lack of dependence on rude matter such as food or air
and their incorruptible flesh all worked to reinforce the
identification of the Cainites with the purest divinity.
(Even Nosferatu could be seen as spiritual entities through
judicious use of Obfuscate, and they certainly rejected the
prison of flesh vehemently enough to satisfy any early
Gnostic.) Further study rapidly revealed (or created) con-
nections between vitae and pneuma; the "water of life" and
the "breath of spirit" became almost interchangeable to
the early Gnostic scholars.

This identification of Cainites as the spiritual beings
from whom gnosis springs made vampiric influence on
Gnosticism inevitable. The Gnostics became fanatically
stubborn in seeking out vampiric tutors, with scraps of

magical lore aiding the cultists' often formidable intellects
in the search. Even if a vampire refused such a role (and few
did, when religiously mandated feasting was freely of-
fered), such rejection only spurred the would-be worshipers
to new theorizing about these divine entities who refused
any imprisonment in "animate" teachings. Often, a Cainite

CAINITE HERESY

who rejected the devotion of a Gnostic cult found himself
repeatedly approached by the same sect, its members seek-
ing divine insight and approval for their latest reformulation
of the relations between Sophia, the Demiurge, Christ and
the aeons.

Some scholars see vampires as the true referents of the
term "holy guardian angels" and as "those who call" in early
Gnostic writings. Certainly, the way lay open for any
Cainite who performed a modicum of research to establish
her own cult complete with scriptures, liturgies and cre-
ation myth. (Cynical Lasombra occasionally observe that
Gnostic theology often sounds like something made up on
the fly by a hungry Cainite more eager for dinner than for
disputation.) The easy power and blood available to a
Cainite with her own religion remained a tempting prize
for centuries, and few could resist that temptation. Schol-
ars of the Heresy note that "guardian angels" inspired the
author of the Tractate Zostrianos and Mani, father of
Manichaeism, over the next 200 years, and whether those
mortals' visions sprang from a combination of meditation
and desert exposure ot from applications of Presence and
Dominate, none can say.

‘VALENTINUS AND
THE SETHITE SCHOOL

The scholar Valentinus founded one of the most influ-
ential of the "angelic" Gnostic traditions. Valentinus'
doctrines seemingly had little in common with the open
decadence of the Ophites and Carpocratians. He even
attributed the creation of the world to a shadow of Sophia,
rather than to some corrupt Demiurge. Valentinus further
maintained that Christ saved mankind, and that all man-
kind can approach the spiritual by discarding matter. In this
insistence on the unreality of matter, Valentinus echoed
classical Stoicism or even (possibly) Buddhism adapted from
Greek translations of Indian texts at Alexandria. However,
Valentinus did maintain that Christ was pure spirit, chang-
ing shape at will, and that Simon of Cyrene died on the cross
in Jesus' place. Valentinus credited a "call from above" and
an angel who revealed the "book of the living" to him with
these inspirations and others.

Although some authorities' opinions differ, most Cainite
heresiologists believe that Valentinus' "angel" sprang from
the clan of Set. Early Gnostic sects such as, for example, the
Ophites, clearly show the Serpents' tracks. Setite involve-
ment in other mystery cults including that of Isis betokens a
similar influence on the emerging Gnostic churches. In
addition, Valentinus was born around 100C.E. in Phrebonis
in the Egyptian Delta, a veritable nest of Serpents. More
evidence for the Setite role in Valentinian Gnosticism lies
in the emphasis Valentinus and his successors placed on
Seth, identified in the Valentinian manuscripts as the third
son of Adam and the first manifestation of the Christ-spirit.


However, the childer of See would have numerous reasons to
inculcate a reverence for a spiritual Seth in their followers
—and any other vampire would find such followers difficult
to steal from the Serpents by appealing to any reverence for
Caine.

Here, the Gnostic doctrine of secret knowledge avail-
able only by divine initiation worked for the Serpents. By
its precepts, certain Gnostic teachers possessed divine
dispensation to lie to their own followers, if necessary, to
guard the divine logos from animal corruption by the
unready. This tradition aided the secretion of Heretical
seeds deep within the often quite humanistic Valentinian
and Sethite traditions.

If Valentinus did have a Serpent as backer or instruc-
tor, she failed him at the crucial moment of his career,
when he lost the Papal election in 141 C.E. to Pius I. St.
Justin Martyr's vituperative attacks on Valentinus in Rome
probably played the crucial role in thwarting what could
have been a major Setite victory at a time when no other
clan was paying any attention to what was still a minor
(and annoyingly pacifist) cule. Human piety had saved the
Church, and Valentinus returned to Egypt to teach his
Sethite doctrine to devoted students rather than preach it
in every corner of the Empire as Christian dogma.

The close call with Valentinus and the Papacy (and
the power of other heresies such as Marcionism) led many
of the most persuasive writers and teachers in Christendom
to attack Gnosticism and its related beliefs. St. Justin
Martyr, St. Irenaeus, Tertullian and St. Hippolytus raged
against heresy in sermons and angry rhetoric. These po-
lemicists, suffused with True Faith, made Cainite
involvement in heretical movements less risk-free than
before, especially as the preferred tool for rooting out
heresy was fire.

Gnosticism slowly lost the contest for the hearts and
minds of humanity, as well: The clear Christian message of
universal salvation drowned out more rarefied notions of

multiple souls and evil angels. Christians showed far more
willingness to suffer martyrdom for their faith than Gnostics,
which impressed increasing numbers of spiritually hungry

pagans. Some Gnostics, such as Clement of Alexandria,
began adapting more and more orthodox Christianity into
their rites and doctrines, to the point that Gnosticism
survived, if at all, in hints and urgings to celibacy.

Even with Gnosticism fading, Christianity did face
serious competition from Manichaeism and Arianism, as
well as from elite "soldier cults" such as Mithraism and the
cult of Sol Invictus. However, Cainites with sufficiently
long views saw that Christianity was a fait accompli, no
matter how many persecutions the emperors launched at
vampiric instigation. (It took about a century to bring most
Cainites around to that opinion, and some haven't adjusted
to it yet.) With the rise of Constantine (possibly at the

hands of just such a far-sighted Lasombra), Catholic Chris-
tianity became the state religion of Rome. Suddenly, the
Lasombra and Ventrue had an interest in preserving Ca-
tholicism and in weakening the heretics, even if it meant
accepting the religious mania of Michael, Toreador Prince
of Constantinople.

Various Valentinian and other Sethite heresies con-
tinued to exist, if not thrive, at least until 692 C.E., but by
then Cainites had other fish to fry. The fall of Rome and
the Persian invasion brought the old structures down in
ruins, crushing human and Cainite plans alike. Many
vampires blamed the spread of the pacifist human religion
for the Empire's fall. They noted how the new creed
destroyed the veneration of gods and Caesars they saw as
necessary to keep the realm together.

Cainites also found reason to dislike the massive upsurge
in True Faith that the comingof Christianity brought. Having
been, under the Olympians, a rare phenomenon found only in
the simple and the barbaric, True Faith spread after
Christianity'sadvent throughout every stratum of society and
from the heart of Rome even to the wildest deserts. The
dangers posed by the Faithful convinced all but the most
dedicated Cainite theologians to leave religion to the kine
and to grasp for the falling shards of temporal power instead.
Perhaps Cainites also tired of the circular cosmological dispu-
tations, the endless multiplication and naming of aeons and
angels, and the sheer inconvenience and mortal pettiness of
building yet another evanescent Gnostic cult from the re-
jected intelligentsia and bored decadents of the Empire.

THE HERESY
TAKES SHAPE

The angel who dwells in the fourth heaven replied, saying,
"Ie was not right to commit all those lawless deeds that are in
the world of the dead." The soul replied, saying, "Bring
«witnesses! Let them show you in what body I committed
lawless deeds. Do you wish to bring a book to read from?"

— The Apocalypse of Paul

The increasing reluctance of vampires to take a cen-
tral role in Gnostic evolution may be why, in 413 C.E., a
human took the next step toward creating the Cai
Heresy and providing it with a scripture all its own. The
Euagetaematikon, or Book of the Shining Blood, sprang from
the pen of a Byzantine priest named Procopius. Details of
his life are sketchy: The Toreador Patriarch Michael
removed his name from not only human but Cainite
libraries wherever possible. Many Cappadocians and even
fellow Toreador refused Michael's request for their records,
only to find their mansions and libraries set ablaze the
next night — or day, if their refusal had been unduly firm.
From the best information available, Procopius headed a

PATHS OF THORNS


division of monks charged with rooting out heresy in
Cilicia, Syria and Palestine. He was a man of prodigious
intellect who could read not only Greek, Latin, Aramaic
and Hebrew but also many other scripts, and he discerned
much that remained hidden to others. He repeatedly
experienced ecstatic religious visions, which historians
recall suspiciously and consider alongside the "guardian
angel" appearances to Valentinus and Mani. After an
Imperial raid on a small heretical commune (descended
from one of the Cappadocian Cainite groups of three
centuries previous) near the Dead Sea, Procopius clos-
eted himself with several confiscated scrolls found near
the site of the action

Among those scrolls was a partial copy of the Book of
Nod. Reading this work, after a lifetime of studying Gnosti-
cism, neo-Platonism and similar dubious doctrine,
unbalanced Procopius completely. Over the next 39 days,

Procopius wrote out the Euagetaematikon in his own blood
(he switched to that of his subordinates once they had
become suspicious). After six months without word from

Procopius' monastery, an imperial legate visited and found
itstrewn with flyblown corpses, splashed with dried gore and
painted in "blasphemous designs." Procopius had vanished,

CAINITE HERESY

never to be seen again, although rumors of his reappearance
have been a constant ever since

Although testimony is unreliable and records almost
nonexistent, Procopius' new Cainite Heresy must have
spread throughout the Byzantine Empire during the next
two centuries. Surely it followed Belisarius' conquering
armies into Africa and Italy. The Empire battled other, more
visible, heresies such as the Monophysites and Nestorians
during that same period; and it did so bloodily at times, and
ruthlessly as well. Despite the distraction other heresies
offered, Procopius knew that for the new cult of Caine to
survive it had to bury itself deep and lie dormant where
possible. Procopius also had to contact interested members
of the clans of Caine to receive the vitae for his new
communion, and after the disasters of the first Cainite
heresies, todo so was clearlya process toembark upon slowly

With such secrecy and covertneeds in mind, the Heresy's
missionaries spread west, far from the prying eyes of the
Patriarch and beyond the reach of the cataphracts' lances.
The combination of large Christian churches and weak
barbarian kings made the West the natural field for Hereti-
cal expansion. Although many of the Heresy's devotees
followed the exiled Nestorians east into Persia and beyond,


and flagellane sects and anchorite monasteries gave the
Heresy hosts for a time, the twin persecutions of Emperors
and Caliphs burned most of these cells out by the 11th
century. Within the Empire itself, the Heresy went under-
ground, waiting patiently for an opportunity to rise up and
proclaim the new religion from the blood-soaked floor of
Hagia Sophia

Our OF THE EAST

Then the archon of the western regions arose, and from
the East he will perform a work, and he will inseruce men in
his wickedness. And he wants to nullify all teaching, the words
of true wisdom, while loving the lying wisdom... wishing to
introduce wickedness and to put on dignity. He was incapable,
because the defilement of his garments is great.

—"The Concept of Our Great Power," Nag Hammadi
Codex VI, 4

The history of the Cainite Heresy in the East remains
cloudy. Whether Procopius' Heresy found willing ears in
the Setites of Khay'tall, or counted on support from the
Obertus Tzimisce — or carved deals with the Assamites
outside the walls or with the Baali inside hidden fast-
nesses — may never be known. Whatever Procopius'
plans for domination were, they indisputably failed —
Patriarch Michael and the Magnus Lasombra remain
bulwarks of Orthodoxy to this day. Between a natural
desire to keep its image immaculate and an even stronger

desire to stay out of Cainite affairs, the Orthodox Church
has rid itself of any document or charter that might
indicate the Heresy's course or intentions in the East. As
far as the Church of Byzantium is concerned, there is no
Cainite Heresy in the East, and there never was.

THE PAULICIANS

On the other hand, the great similarities between the
Paulician heresy and the Cainite Heresy as found in the
West may put the lie to such claims. Certainly, the
Byzantine government spared no effort to eradicate the
Paulicians, even in the face of much graver military
threats from the Caliphate. Only 20 years after the doc-
trine emerged from the Asian frontier, an Imperial
expedition entered into the Armenian marches on a
mission of eradication. The army arrested the Paulicians'
founder, Constantine Silvanus, and stoned him to death
in 668 C.E. A second expedition in 692 C.E. brought
Silvanus' successor Simeon Titus back to Constantinople
so that he might be burned at the stake.

Over the next century, the Iconoclastic controversy
distracted the Empire from following up these victories,
and the Paulicians got some breathing space. By the ninth
century, however, the persecution resumed in earnest; the
Emperor Michael I decimated the Paulicians' ranks before
being deposed in 813 C.E. by Tzimisce-backed monks (see

Constantinople By Night, pp. 24-26 for the Tzimisce role
in the Byzantine monastic movement). Finally, the Em-
peror Basil I of Macedonia launched an eight-year campaign
against the Paulician territories in Cappadocia, Armenia
and Cilicia, which ended with the wholesale removal of
the Paulician populations from Asia Minor. Beginning in
872 C.E., Byzantine armies transplanted whole villages
across the Empire to the Bulgarian frontier. The Paulician
leaders Karbeas and Chrysocheir disappeared into the
Balkan mountains, and the Paulician threat to the Empire's
core faded away in like manner.

What did the Paulicians proclaim to make themselves
so hated? Their fundamental doctrine drew from Gnostic
traditions, especially from the harsh dualist philosophy of
Marcionism and from the eastern Manichaean faith.
Paulicians declared the Creator and God of the Old Testa-
mentan evil being, equal to the Devil. The good God thus
remained unreachable by man, and the Paulicians rejected
the sacraments as meaningless. In Paulician teachings,
Christ was a being of pure spirit, whereas merely human
souls were irredeemably tainted by the material world,
Only in the intervention of angels and the renunciation of
the world could anyone find hope of eternal life. Whether
some, none or all of the "angels" in the Paulician cosmos
were actually vampires remains an open question, but
many scholars find it a likely explanation

Other questions leave even more mysteries behind
Who was the "Paul" for whom the heresy was named?
Certainly not St. Paul; Paulicianism was incompatibly hos-
tile to the doctrines of that Apostle. Was "Paul" the alias of
arch forgotten by history, or of a shad-
owy Cainite taking up the old "guardian angel" mantle?
What force allowed Paulicianism to survive nearly continu-
ous persecution for more than two centuries, when other
heresies broke on the rack in a decade? And what Tzimisce
string-pulling got the Paulicians deported to the Bulgarian
border as a coherent community, rather than executed en
masse or scattered to the winds when Emperor Basil's armies
finally burned the heart out of the heresy's Cilician home-
land? On the otherhand, if the Paulician heresy was actually
amask for the Cainite Heresy, why did itemerge when it did,
rather than during the great Iconoclastic crisis, when its
body-hating doctrine could have perhaps enjoyed adegree of
support, or at least benign neglect?

some ancient here

Part of the answer surely lies in the ambiguous nature
of the heretical movement itself. E
church was entirely a front for the Cainite Heresy, its
human worshipers saw it only as the true vision of Chris-
tianity — and as such, eagerly spread its gospel wherever
possible. This proselytization of a heretical faith drew the
attention of the Orthodox Church and, inevitably, the
temporal armies. The human devotees to the various forms
of the Cainite Heresy broke its needed silence, thanks to its

en if the Paulician

PATHS OF THORNS


own success at winning human souls; thus they endangered
themselves and the Cainites behind the scenes. This pat-
tern can be seen in the history of the earliest Ophite cults,
and some observers watch for it in the Albigensian move-
ment evangelizing southern France

WESTERN EXPOSURE

Overeager humans also revealed the Heresy directly in
the Roman port of Ostia in 754 . The local Lasombra
ct there followed Pope Stephen on
embassy to the Franks. Left without vitae for communion for
a year, the desperate Heretics resorted to kidnapping infants,
in hopes that the spiritual purity of their blood would approxi-
mate that of Cainite vitae. Regardless of the theological issues
at stake, the lack of vitae caused the ghouled members of the
Heretic group to engage in increasingly erratic behavior, and
eventually Roman aediles uncovered its activities.

domitor of one Heretic

Had the Frankish King Pepin not chosen, during 754
CE, to invade Italy in a war with the Lombards, the
scandal would have been immense. As it was, the Pope
declared the sect anathema without even launching full-
scale investigation, with the belief that the sect was only
a local group of devil-worshipers. The fog of war left the
Heresy able to go underground and institute some degree of
discipline on congregations too near major cities to be
allowed to run wild. Ironically, the Church crackdown on
rumored blood-worshiping cults helped enforce such disci-
pline. Groups too foolish to obey the new strictures rapidly

became targets of Church investigation, cursory and dis-
tracted as it was, and they rapidly met messy, painful ends
as a result

The Heretics' relatively unified response to the Ostia
revelation indicates that, even then, the Heresy pos-
sessed some sort of central command, or at least a
coordinating council. Whether this group was the See of
Nod, the Crimson Curia or some other assemblage en-
tirely remains obscure. Having survived the discoveries
of Ostia, the Heresy grew rapidly during the decline of the
Papacy into simony and nepotism by extending its ten-
drils into many of the new monasteries and abbeys. The
simultaneous disintegration of the Frankish Empire also
benefited the Heresy — without Charlemagne's unified
system of reeves and bailiffs spreading the word, the
discovery of any individual congregation remained local
news. By the ninth century C.E., Heretical scholars had
translated the Euagetaematikon into Latin; in 879 C.E.,
Childeric Apina established the Western liturgy of the
Heresy. Copies of both works, illuminated in dubious inks
through the efforts of ghouled monks working by Auspex
and lamps fueled with human fat, spread throughout
Western Europe over the centuries.

From this point onward, the Western Heresy showed its
characteristic (and faithfully Gnostic) division into outer,

CAINITE HERESY

enthusiastic or schismatic, groups and an inner sect with
long-range goals for subversion, corruption and control of
the Church itself —and with it the souls ofall Christendom.

AA HANDFUL OF
HERESIES

THE OrPHICS

By the middle of the sixth century B.C.E., Greek
intellectuals no longer accepted the myths of their Olym-
pian gods. Some retreated into hollow agnosticism, but
others strove to reconcile the rational mind with the
experience of the mystical. These "mysteriosophes"
founded cults devoted to the living, religious expression
of beliefs such as those of Empedocles and other pre-
Socratic philosophers.

Empedocles claimed that daimones, divine beings com-
posed of superior power, had fallen from the spiritual world
into the world of matter. Now clothed in the "foreign robe
of flesh," they sought to escape by moving into an ever-
improving series of forms: vegetable, animal, human and
godlike. Empedocles' distinctions between the true world
and the material world influenced Pythagoras and Plato, to
name only his most distinguished successors. Some Gnos-
tic sects followed Pythagoras' insistence that the two worlds
were illusory and coexistent aspects of one world; others
followed Plato into dualism.

The Orphic and Dionysiac cultists adopted the
Empedoclean dualist concept of the human spirit incar-
cerated ina tomb (sema) of flesh (soma) as a central tenet
of their belief, Only by performing secret rites could the
soul briefly escape the tomb and realize its godhead. This
communion left the body and mind irrational, and the
Orphics designed many of their rites (ingesting sacred
mushrooms, fasting, strong wine, inhaling herbs) to bring
on this mystical insanity.

Hysterical Orphics often ran wild across the country-
side to tear animals and luckless passersby to shreds. These
practices recalled the myths of the Maenads, followers of
Dionysus (and perhaps also of the mysterious Dionysian),
who tore Orpheus to pieces while drunk and fed upon his
flesh. These practices declined as Greece grew civilized and
the lonely places receded; by the first century B.C.E,, the
mystery cults of Dionysus had become mere supper clubs for
debate and funeral insurance.

However, the early mysteries of Dionysus and Orpheus
blended Greek rationalism, hidden knowledge and per-
sonal communion with the divine, in a way closely
prefiguring many of the Gnostic beliefs of six centuries
later. The resemblances between the two are so strong
that some historians trace the Cainite Heresy back to
these early beginnings.


Individual vampires may well have served as
mystagogues, leading the elites of Hellas in mind-
shattering rites through carnage and madness and into
blood oaths. Even now, some foolhardy vampires at-
tempt to hunt lupines and drink their blood in order to

plunge themselves into frenzied ecstasy more than
"divine mad-
or Gangrel
of the high Balkan mountains and deep German for-
ests, may be survivors of such a tradition, or they may
be recreating it from the same half-understood urges.

slightly reminiscent of the Dionysia
ness." These Cainites, primarily Malkavia

THe OpHiT

Perhaps influenced overmuch by revelations from the
Lamia, some of the earliest Gnostic sects went in quite
radical directions. Under the general name of the Ophites,
they sought out gnosis in the knowledge of good and evil
as revealed by the serpent (in Greek, ophis) in the Garden
of Eden
incompetent Demiurge, whom they blamed for creating
the material world, but they identified this Demiurge with
Jehovah, the God of the Old Testament and God of the
Jews. Because the serpent liberated mankind from Jehovah's
slavery in Eden and opened the door to gnosis, the Ophites
revered it as a herald of the divine light and equated it with
the logos, or divine Word

The Ophites not only believed in a corrupted and

This identification of Jehovah with the evil forces of
materia allowed the Ophites to retain the Old Testament as
scripture, but the new heroes of the story were the enemies
of God such as Esau, Eve, Korah and Lucifer. Unlike later
Gnostics, the Ophites equated Jehovah with God the Father
of Christ; in the words of St. Irenaeus, they "entirely aban-
doned Jesus." The Ophites even had a Gospel of Judas among
their holy books.

The inability of vampires to engage in normal sexual
relations only enhanced Cainites' desirability in the eyes
of the Ophites, and it gave further evidence of the con-
nection of vampires to the Godhead. The very sterility of
the childer of Caine demonstrated yet again vampires'
spiritual natures. The Ophites viewed procteative (or
potentially procreative) sex as the highest sin. They
referred to the hated Jehovah as Hystera, "the womb."
The Ophites venerated the Sodomites for being practitio-
ners of occult sex magic as a route to sacred knowledge, for
example. Thus, while championing sterility and celibacy,
Ophite worship reveled in masturbation, sodomy and
other non-procreative sexual practices as sins against the
hated flesh. The Ophite leadership gleefully offered its
bodies (and the bodies of its followers) to vampires for any
andall bestialities and violations —which took ona more
sadistic and less sexual tone

PATHS OF THORNS


One branch of the Ophites venerated Caine above all
their other heroes — as the first murderer, he committed
the first sin against matter. It took very little time for the
humans of this "Cainite" sect to fall completely under the
sway of vampires. Once the doctrines of Caine spread

throughout the Ophite communities of the Roman East, a
vampire could avail herself of any service a human might
perform simply by revealing her powers to such believers.

Even at this early stage, some crafty Cainites buried their
human followers within the Church to conceal the vilest
doctrines from all but the most trusted communicants.
These fanatical, but covert, "cults of personality" let many
Cainites tise slowly in local religious politics. Some, ironi-
cally, used their power to condemn their less subtle Ophite
rivals to death or banishment as heretics.

Rumors of Ophite practices (often spread by rival
Cainites) led to their destruction not only at the hands of
irate Christian neighbors, but at those of the Roman
authorities (who, in the provinces, at least, retained the
stuffy sense of Roman virtue) as well. The Ophites' enthu-

tic cooperation with vampires may have also contributed
to their decline; a single Setite or Cappadocian could go
through any number of worshipers in games of murderous
impalement and bloody castration. After a first flush of
growth, the recruiting of new Ophite congregations be-
came less a matter for missionaries and more one for
kidnapers and brigands. Travelers still hear rumors of
isolated Ophite villages, now entirely composed of ghouls,
along the less-traveled byways of Asia Minor, and of the
fate of lonely Crusaders or merchants who unknowingly
stop in such places at night

Tue CARPOCRATIANS

Named for its founder, Carpocrates, this second-
century Gnostic sect flourished in Alexandria and in the
mountains between Syria and Asia Minor. Like the Ophites,
the Carpocratians believed in the evil nature of the material
world and identified the God of the Old Testament with the
corrupt Demiurge and his evil angels, the archons. This
belief led them to the notion that only by completely
experiencing and mastering the material world could their
spirits be freed from its bondage. Thus, they committed any
number of sins and practiced demon summoning to demon-
strate mastery of the psychic world. Carpocratian rites often
centered on violating natural processes. Carpocratians fu-
eled their ceremonies with semen and menstrual blood, and
they practiced ritual cannibalism of aborted fetuses. Like the
Ophites, they fele it was their sacred responsibility to break
every single law and proscription in the Old Testament,
though, unlike the Ophites, they believed that it would take
more than one lifetime to do so correctly (thus the
Carpocratian belief in reincarnation).

However, the Carpocratians revered Jesus asa mortal
man who had magically learned the ability to remember

CAINITE HERESY

his spiritual nature — in other words, they saw him as the
greatest Gnostic prophet ina lineage including Pythagoras,
Plato and Aristotle. Among the commandments the
Carpocratians broke was the commandment against graven
images; their colorful icons are the earliest known depii
tions of Jesus. This iconolatry, along with their magical
prowess and almost gleefully callous attitude toward mur-
der and suffering (after all, the victim always had another
life ro look forward to), implies that the Obertus, or
Hidden, Tzimisce (see Constantinople by Night, p. 76)
may have had a hand here. Given the Tzimisce hold on
Bogomilism, they must have entered the development of
the Heresy around this time and place, probably by ap-
pearing as fearsome angels indeed to Carpocrates and his
first disciples.

MANICHAEISM

Manichaeism represents the return of Zoroastrian in-
fluence to the Gnostic mainstream. In 228 C.E., an angel
named at-Taum (or "the Twin," identified by later
Manichaeans as the Holy Spirit) appeared toa 12-year-old
Babylonian prince of Persian descent named Mani and
bestowed a revelation. According to Mani, at-Taum re-
ferred to himas the last ina long line of prophets, including
Zoroaster, Buddha and Jesus. In Mani's 24th year, at-Taum
told Mani to reveal himself and preach the truth to the
whole world. Mani did so throughout the Persian Empire,
and he sent missionaries into the Roman lands and the
eastern deserts. Eventually, King Bahram I of Persia ar-
rested Mani as a dangerous rebel and imprisoned him on
the advice of the Persian Magi.

Cainite consensus holds that Mani's at-Taum was
actually Thomas, a Lasombra scholar driven out of Pales-
tine by the Cappadocians for stealing holy books from their

rary under Edessa. Persistent reports claim that Thomas
Embraced Mani in a Persian prison in 276 C.E., and that
both sire and childe traveled east along the Silk Road to
study with the holy men of India and Cathay. The mention
of India emphasizes Thomas' connection with the Gnostic
(and Heretical) myths of St. Thomas Didymus ("St. Tho-
mas the Twin"), the so-called Apostle to India.

Manichaean cosmology reintegrates the Gnostic myth
with the stark dualism of Zoroaster. God, the lord of light
and spirit, battles endlessly against Saklas, the lord of
darkness and creator of the world of matter. A series of
spiritual beings, the "primal men" (including, in addition
to Christ, Enoch and Seth) descend into the world of
matter, are overcome by Saklas, and retreat to the world
of light by realizing their nature and leaving behind their
armor of flesh. Thus, God is always suffering, being torn
to pieces by darkness, and then saving himself — and, by
extension, any person willing to reject the ways of the
flesh and return to the world of light. Not everyone has
the strength of this gnosis, so only the spiritual elect


reject the flesh entirely (total celibacy, poverty and
vegetarianism). The psychic and animal men exist to
serve the elect with alms and to reincarnate until they,
00, find gnosis.

This blending of Dionysian, Gnostic, Christian, Per-
sian, Buddhist and Jewish elements proved amazingly
popular. Manichaeism spread as far as Gaul and Spain in
the west, and in the east reached Cathay in 694 C.E. Even
St. Augustine became a Manichaean for a time. The
Lasombra (if at-Taum was indeed the Lasombra Thomas)
had built a major religion rather than the pathetic cults
of Ophis and Carpocrates. Both the Roman Empire and
the Christian church persecuted Manichaeism harshly,
however; by 500 C.E., they had stamped it out in the
West, and over the next century they drove it under-
ground in the East. Nevertheless, either Thomas'
machinations, or the eternally fascinated Cappadocians,
spread the Manichaean doctrines on some astonishingly
fertile soil. The Paulician, Bogomil and Cathar heresies
emerged from Manichaean roots across the Mediterra-
nean world over the next half-century. Perhaps the
Lasombra Thomas and the Obertus Tzimisce struck some
agreement; if so, it benefited the ideals of both.

ARIANISM

The last great threat to the dominance of orthodox
Christianity came from an Alexandrian deacon named
Arius early in the fourth century C.E. Arius believed
that, because God is immutable, Jesus (who according to
the Gospels grew and changed) cannot be God but only
a demigod created by the Father. The separation of Jesus
from God recalls Gnosticism, but Arianism has more in
common with conventional polytheism (in which the
main gods such as Zeus ot Osiris emerge from an ineffable
creator such as Ouranos or Nuit). The early Church
rejected Arianism at the Council of Nicaea with the
Nicene Creed.

Arians retained authority in regional churches and
even converted one or two Emperors (thus leading to the
final persecutions of Christians, under Valens, from 364
to 378), but internal disputes within Arianism doomed it
to failure. However, the Arian doctrines sounded far
more reasonable to the practical-minded Gothic invad-
ers of Rome than did the technical, Hellenistic Trinity of
Orthodox Christianity, so most of the first wave of Ger-
manic invaders supported Arianism. The dichotomy made
their rule over a firmly Catholic populace unstable and
allowed the Catholic Franks and Orthodox Byzantines to
topple the regime relatively easily.

PELAGIANISM

The preachings of Pelagius, a British monk and theo-
logian, spawned this western heresy. Arriving in Rome
around 400 C.E., he preached that God's love for man

allowed salvation by human will alone, as expressed in
good acts and obedience to divine Law. This doctrine,
carried to its logical extent, denied original sin, infant
baptism and, eventually, the necessity of Christ. Such
implications condemned Pelagius in the eyes of the Church,
but his denial of inherent sin found appreciative believers
throughout the Empire, especially in the British Isles and
southern Gaul (the strong opposition of St. Augustine and
St. Jerome prevented Pelagianism from spreading into
Africa or the East).

Although the Benedictines erased the creed (at least
in Pelagius' sophisticated formulation) among humanity,
many older Cainites still find it comforting. Pelagius'
vision of divine love gives hope to Christian vampires, who
struggle nightly with the sure knowledge that they are
damned irretrievably for their actions. A number of Chris-
tian Lasombra embrace Pelagianism, and Prince Mithras
allows it as a compromise faith among British Ventrue.
Pelagianism has little in common with Gnosticism, and
Pelagian vampires almost never join or aid the Heresy.

Tue MonopuysivEs

The local compromises between Gnosticism and Ca-
tholicism favored Gnosticism most in Egypt and Syria,
where the great Gnostics taught and preached. In those
provinces, although the unity and goodness of God the
Father and Creator became the majority view, churches
taught that Christ was a being of pure spirit different from
his material human form. The most extreme Monophysites
(from the Greek words meaning "one nature") believed
that Christ's physical form was completely illusory —
that the Son of God was, essentially, a kind of Holy
Ghost. The Council of Chalcedon in 451 C.E. (aimed at
Monophysitism and Nestorianism) defined Christ's na-
ture as both human and divine, coequal and not "mixed,
transmuted, divided or separated."

Enforcing the Council's decision was more difficult;
the local churches in Syria, Palestine and Egypt defiantly
continued to elect Monophysite clergy and bishops. Im-
perial forces installed Catholic bishops but could keep
them in office only at spearpoint. The whole controversy
served to distract the Church from the growing threat of
the Cainite Heresy, and it hastened the Arab conquest of
the eastern provinces. The Arabs, feeling that no Chris-
tian doctrine had any greater value than another, allowed
local Monophysites to elect any bishops they liked. Thus,
local Christians from Edessa to Cyrene welcomed Mos-
lem overlordship in the name of religious freedom, and
the Empire lost the Holy Land forever. Even now, the
Christian churches in the Moslem caliphates are most
likely Monophysite — the behavior of the Latin Chris-
tian Crusaders has done little to change the minds of the
local faithful.

PATHS OF THORNS


Tue NESTORIANS

Nestorius, the Patriarch of Constantinople from 428
C.E. to 431 C.E., taught that Christ's two natures, the
divine and the human, were completely separate beings
conjoined in harmony of action. The Council of Ephesus
condemned his preachings as heresy and banished him to
Libya. Over the next century, the Empire expelled com-
munities of Nestorians, usually deporting them to Pers
Here they flourished, because the Persians persecuted
Orthodox Christians as puppets of Constantinople. By
500 C.E., the Nestorian Church had seven metropolitans
(roughly archbishops) in Persia and one in India. Even in
the 12th century, Nestorianism remains the religion of
Christians in Persia, India and the East as far as Cathay

Some Cainites (especially Cappadocians and Salubri)
find Nestorian doctrines reminiscent of the teachings of
Golconda. The Nestorian Christ's perfect harmony be-
tween material and spiritual natures evokes Saulot's
hopeful vision of the Beast and human yoked together
inside the Cainite. Even some Brujah (especially Greek
or Hellenized members of the clan) have embraced
Nestorianism as a Christianity emblematic of the perfe
tion of mind and body that these Zealots hold holy. The
surface similarities between Nestorianism and Gnosti-
cism allowed the first Heretics to practice their vile rites
within Nestorian communities. Many Cappadocians used
a Nestorian (or Nestorian-Monophysite) framework for
sorcerous experiments to forcibly tame, or even purg
the Beast within. The brutalized survivors of some of
these experiments may still dwell along pilgrim roads in
the East, alternately slaughtering travelers in feral gl
and sobbing in incoherent remorse. Whether the formal
Cainite Heresy has completely subverted the Nestorian
Church remains an occasional subject for debate within
the lower councils of the Patriarch Michael. No Byzan
tine vampire intends to cross leagues of Assamite territory
to find out, however

APHTHARTODOCETISM

The question of Aphthartodocetism serves as an
example of the murky history of the Heresy in the East.
This doctrine laid extremely heavy emphasis on the
incorruptibility of Christ's flesh. Julian, bishop of
Halicarnassus, asserted that the body of Jesus was divine
requiring no food and incapable of injury without Christ's
will. This intriguing variation on Monophysite doctrine
apparently captured the fancy of the Emperor Justinian
who proclaimed it in an edict of 564 C.E. Only his death
the next year prevented him from imposing it upon the
Church as official dogma

Was the promulgation of Aphthartodocetism simply
the final act of a senile Emperor increasingly convinced of

his own divinity? An attempt to rejoin the Orthodox and

Monophysite churches? A misunderstanding of a half-


glimpsed application of Vicissitude? Or the first step in a
Heretical program to introduce the notion of Gnostically
divine entities as an official element of Church doctrine?
After all, it takes very little imagination to travel from the
incorruptible and invulnerable body of the Aphthartodocetic
Christ to the unaging and rapidly healing forms of the
Cainites. At minimum, Aphthartodocetism seems to indi-
cate a profound understanding of vampiric nature, and such
an odd doctrine would not be promulgated for no reason at
all. Whatever the cause, the Orthodox patriarchs moved
against Aphthartodocetism immediately upon Justinian's
death, and it vanished into the oubliette of anathema and
the confusion of the general Monophysite crisis

IcONOCLASM

In 726 C.E., Emperor Leo III ordered the destruction
of the largest icon in Constantinople. The breaking of this
immense statue of Christ opened the Iconoclastic ("icon-
breaking") movement that nearly tore the Empire apart.
Soldiers broke into monasteries, noble mansions and pri-
vate homes to smash icons, break statues and burn even
illuminated manuscripts. The mania raged for 120 years,
interrupted only by the reign of the brutal and corrupt, but
icon-worshipping, Empress Irene from 797 to 803 C.E.
Finally exhausted, the Iconoclastic furor burned itself out.
In 843 CE., the Emperor Michael II] (also the Toreador
Patriarch of Constantinople) restored worship of icons,
and with it the unity of the Empire.

The Iconoclastic struggle served purposes besides the
theological and puritan. The long campaign finally broke
the power of the monks in the Imperial court and admin-
istration, for instance, and strengthened that of the
Anatolian landlords. It also provided cover and impetus
for a Ventrue campaign against the Tzimisce cults of
body-shaping, image magic and what at least one author-
ity refers toas "blood-worship." Some authorities speculate
that the survival of the Paulicians in the Balkans (and
hence the Cainite Heresy) might have been part of the
price the sce demanded for peace after the restora-
tion of icon-worship in the East.

Ironically, the Iconoclastic controversy may have ben-
efited the Lasombra most of all. Bereft of their own image, the
Magisters delight in portraiture more than even the Toreador,
although for different reasons. The Western Catholic Church,
where Lasombra held power, never rejected icons and used the
conflict to further separate itself from the Toreador-dominated
Eastern Orthodox Church. Thus, the Lasombra gained at the
expense of the Artisans — by defending religious art. The
victory must have been delicious.

THE BoGOMILS

As the core of the Heresy moved west, so too did its
tools and its cloaks. The Paulician settlers in Bulgaria
spread their Gnostic doctrines to the native Slavs there.

PATHS OF THORNS


Around 950 C.E., a charismatic figure calling himself
Bogomil ("beloved of God") emerged from the Rhodope
Mountains to proclaim a new gospel revealing a hidden
God and a world of devils. Whether the Tzimisce played
any role in the career of Bogomil himself, orsimply encour-
aged the corruption of the sect, is unknown. Like the
mysterious "Paul" of the Paulicians, early stories of the
Bogomil movement mention ashadowy "Father Jeremiah,"
about whom few details can be confirmed. Certainly, the
Balkan natives, ruled by the Fiends for millennia, needed
no convincing that the world was under the dominion of
dark and hateful figures — how long it took them to accept
other Cainites as "angels of light" is another question.

Like the Paulicians, and the Manichaeans before
them, the Bogomils divide their followers into the sternly
ascetic elect, rejecting meat and marriage, and the mass
of followers who can only hope for a sign of angelic
blessing to bring salvation. Christ was a being of spirit
who dissolved into air and fled the Crucifixion; the body
on the cross was either waste matter or an impostor. Such,
at least, are the doctrines of the Bogomils as they ha
reached outsiders.

Although Bogomilism has spread west from Bulgaria to
Serbia, Bosnia, Venetian Dalmatia and even northern Italy,
its true meaning and motives remain unclear. Not every
Bogomil holds Cainites sacred, certainly. How much of
Bogomilism is a Cainite creation, and how much a genuine
rejection of Byzantine corruption? Only the Heretics know,
and perhaps not even they know for sure. From the time of
the first Orphics to the 1140s, when Bogomil bishops are
seen in southern France, the Cainite hand behind human
heresy remains hidden — a mystery cult indeed.

THe CATHARS

Bogomil missionaries arrived in southern France around
1010 to rekindle the embers of the Manichaean traditions
buried there since the fall of the Merovingians. Centering
on Toulouse and Albi, they sparked the first elements of
what the Church refers to as the Albigensian ("born in
Albi") movement, and which the dualists name Catharism
(after the Greek katharos, or "pure"). Catharism spread
across western Europe: No sooner did the Church order the
hanging of a den of heretics in Bavaria than another would
spring up in the Po Valley. By 1149, the first Cathar bishops
took their places in France and Italy as the heads ofa parallel
Church completely separate from the Church of Rome. In
1167, the Bogomil bishop Nicetas convokeda great Council
(called the Council of Heretics by the Catholic Church) at
St.-Félix-de-Caraman near Toulouse in the heart of Cathar
country to establish a vast Manichaean confraternity ex-
tending from the Black Sea to the Atlantic.

The Cathars hold, like the Bogomils, that Jaldabaoth,
the Devil, created the world (one of his titles is Rex
Mundi, King of the World) and masquerades as the God

CAINITE HERESY


of the Old Testament. By worshiping that God, the
Catholic faith reveals itself as the Church of Jaldabaoth,
the Whore of Babylon. Jesus, a kind of extruded spiritual
shadow of the true God, entered the sinful material world
out of pity, established the true community of brothers
and ascended back to heaven. There was no crucifixion
— in fact, the cross is the symbol of Satan. No one may
hope for resurrection after death except individuals who
receive the consolamentum from one of the Cathar elect
the parfaits or Perfecti (Perfect Ones)

Usually, the consolamentum takes the form of laying on
ofhands, but because persons who receive it are forbidden to
eat material food or have sex, Cathars often receive itshortly
before dying. The period of self-starvation between the
consolamentum and death is called the endura. Sometimes, to
avoid temptation, the newly saved Cathar cuts his wrists and
speeds his way to Paradise. Confusingly, the laying on of
hands and reading from a sacred book to initiate a parfait is
also called the consolamentum, which makes the parfait a
"new creature." Much remains unknown about the inner
workings of the Cathar faith.

In some Cathar communities, the Perfecti live ex-
actly like the elect of the old Manichaean or Bogomil

churches: avoiding sex and meat, but dining on

vegetables and fish. Although poverty in a parfait indi-
cates nobility of soul, it is not required. Many of the
richest nobles in the Languedoc have embraced Catharism
and strive to be made Perfecti by the wandering ascetics
who, rumor has it, can stop their breathing for hours,
show no interest in sex, never eat food of any kind and can
work miracles. To avoid the Church's patrols, these true

Perfecti travel only by night, of cour
THE WALDENSES

The Waldenses are neither Gnostic nor dualist. They
do denounce the Church as corrupt, but so does the holy
Francis of Assisi. Unfortunately, Francis has powerful
friends in the Church, whereas Peter of Waldo (after
whom the movement is named) had powerful enemies in
Lyon. For the sins of preaching from a Bible in French,
denying the existence of Purgatory, and most especially
maintaining a convincingly Christlike and impoverished
lifestyle, Pope Lucius III proclaimed the "Poor Men of
Waldo" heretical in 1184.

They have left Lyon for Strasbourg and other cities in
hopes of escaping persecution along with the Cathar her
etics to the south. Such fortune seems unlikely, as they have
no protectors but their faith.

Furare Fates

In 1209, Pope Innocent III launches a Crusade against the Cathars of France which destroys

the most literate culture in Europe (the Proven:
the Languedoc firmly under the control of King Philip II of France. For 20 years,

people and brin

| troubadours), kills hundreds of thousands of

Crusading armies level cities, slaughter villagers and loot the treasures of 1,400 civilized years.

The Treaty of Par
Louis IX resumes the Cr

ends the Crusade for a time, but the Cathar heresy survives. In 1240, King
de, trapping the last perfecti in the lone Cathar fortress of Montségur.

After a two-month siege, the final bastion falls on March 14, 1244, and the Crusaders massacre
the Perfecti. Stubborn Cathar holdouts in the foothills of the Pyrenees resist until the mid-1300s,

but the Inquisition roots them all out by 1350.

The Crusade also reveals the extent of the Cainite Heresy within not only the Cathar church

but the Catholic hierarchy as well. These reve!
Dominicans and begin drafting the most pure and

ions spur Pope Innocent III to approve the

alous priests available to staff a renewed

Inquisition. From the Cainite Heresy, too many threads lead to the vampires themselves; Pope
Gregory IX founds the Order of St. Leopold in 1231 to begin burning out the vampire menace

The Crusade also uncovers the Hermetic Chantry of
nd to the Ascension War itself,

Church actions against the supernatura
The Waldenses are swept up in the madne

Luther splits the Church forever three centuries |

er, and his "Lutheranism" resembles the

Aistridge in 1210, which leads to further

and driven into the Swiss and Italian Alps. Martin

faith of

Peter Waldo nora little. The Waldenses survive in the Alpine valleys and emerge asa Swiss Protestant
denomination by 1532. They outlive the Inquisition — more or less.



dcom the beginning you hace been
immortal, and you are Hhildcen of eter~
nied life. And you voanted death to be
allocated to yourselces so that you
might spend if... Sor vohen you rusllifyy
the voonld and are not yoursed ces anni-—
hilated, you ave lord over creation and
all corcuption.

- Valentinus


"Three confessed today alone. At this rate, Ill be through
them all before Sunday." Inquisitor Lemore dabbed his bread
in his stew as he spoke

The priest across the table nodded his head solemnly, rolls
of fat jiggling on his neck as he did so. "Very good, very good."

"T really think we're making progress."

"I agree, I agree." The priest kept nodding, a smile
creasing his lips. "Did you uncover anything especially
damning this time? Was Arneault in fact committing adul-
tery with Agnes?"

"Yes, and having covetous thoughts about Henrietta,
too." Distracted, Lemore dripped some stew onto his
chest. He spat on his fingertips and, frowning, tried to
brush away the stain. "His story was strange, though. He
said he'd been visited by a demon in your form before he'd
laid a finger on the girl. The demon told him to do it, he
said. He even held to the story under the lash." That
stopped the nodding. It served the fat fool right for letting
his parish get away from him, Lemore thought. "Nothing
to it, is there?" Lemore looked down, trying to wipe up the
remaining stew with another piece of bread

Silence.

That was strange. Lemore glanced up; where did the fat
fool get to? He started when the other man's soft, cold hands
touched his neck. "I think I ruined my cassock," the inquisi-
tor said.

The fat priest bared his fangs and twisted with those
soft, strong hands. "It's nothing you have to worry
about anymore."

THE HERESY
TopAY

The Cainite Heresy, after a millennium of evolution
and six centuries of expansion, now waits poised in the
heart of Europe's most sacred institutions. Faith undergirds
humanity in the medieval world; faith holds back the
legions of Hell and the worms of the earth; faith gives life
meaning and death hope. The Cainite Heresy infects that
faith with feverish blasphemy and bilious self-loathing to
spread poison throughout Europe.

BLASPHEMOUS BELIEFS

The central doctrines of the Heresy derive, prima-
rily, from the Euagetaematikon, but every Heretic
interprets them in her own fashion. Just as with any
religion, a believer places varying emphasis on those
sections of the faith with which he feels most comfort-
able. A poor knight with a grudge against rich monks,
for example, might focus on the Heretical teachings
that the Church follows Satan rather than on the com-
plex metaphysics of the Heretical Christ figure.

CAINITE HERESY

Conversely, an erudite scholar may feel the truth of the

Heresy lies in its Gnostic revelations on the nature of

phenomenological being. Of course, any ghoul knows

the true heart of the Heresy — the sons of Caine are

Gods on Earth; any discussion that does not accept this
basic tenet is futile

ESCHATOLOGY

The Euagetaematikon adopts the Jewish creation date
scribes only five stages of creation
(from John 1: Word, God, all things, life, light) rather
than the six days of Genesis. According to Heretical
numerologists, each of those stages represents a millen-
nium; thus, the material world of Ialdabaoth has only
5,000 years to run. When those 5,000 years expire, in
1239, then will come the Time of Gehenna, when the
Blood of Caine grows thin and withdraws from the mate-
rial world, "crumbling it like clay left too long in the
The majority view in the Heresy is that the Third
Caine will appear in the year 1206, dwell on Earth for 33
years (like Christ), redeem Sophia by blood, and then
usher in the end of the material world. The Heresy hopes
to be in complete control of the Roman Church by then,
so that as many people as possible can taste of the Blood
and be saved by the Third Caine.

There are many versions of these stories in various
commentaries on the Euagetaematikon — Procopius'
mental state was not at its best when he composed it,
and certain of its darker passages and more obscure
parables can be interpreted in multiple ways. The Crim-
son Curia, according to rumor, holds some document or
relic that reveals the truth behind the veiled allusions
of the Euagetaematikon, but individuals trapped in the
outer coils of the Heresy shrink from speculating on its
true nature. The simple and deluded followers on the
fringes have no idea. Again, the Gnostic doctrine of
concealed truth available only to the highest grades
protects the Heresiarchs and their vilest secrets even
from their own flock.

Reuicious Law

Unlike most religions, the Cainite Heresy has few
moral requirements. The Gnostic theology surrounding
its tenets nudges normal human Heretics in the direc-
tion of vegetarianism and self-denigrating asceticism,
and ghouls toward Ophite depravity, but such outcomes
stem from tendencies rather than commandments. The
main tenets of the Heresy mirror the Six Traditions of
Cainite society, and they were almost certainly inserted
by some concerned elder early in the development of the
dark faith.

The usual formulation of the Cainite Commandments
is as follows:

oven."


Instruction into the inner teachings of the Cainite Heresy, as given to Father Gerard Pessarien of Arles by
his sexton, Jacques Vaincre, and as revealed to the Preaching Fathers of Dominic by Fr. Gerard under the
Question:

COSMOLOGY AND CREATION

Listen now, Father, because this is important. Just drinking from the Chalice doesn't make you one of
the Beloved of Caine; you have to know what Caine and his holy angels are, and what they want, if you are
to serve them well. Intent dictates content, as even the Church Material taught you in novitiate. In the
beginning was the Idea, the True Godhead, But without power, Idea is impotent, so God exerted Power to
bring about Existence. This Existence, defined by the interplay of Power and Nothingness, is the spiritual
world, the Pleroma. Within the Pleroma, God is sufficient unto Himself. The farther from God that Power
travels, however, the more corrupt it becomes, just as a sailing ship accumulates barnacles or a flowing river
collects silt.

At the edges of the Pleroma, then, the Power was debased indeed, and it split into fragments. These
fragments reflected shadows of the Idea, the aeons. The 30th acon, laldabaoth, was the most debased of all,
and full of anger and resentment, he built a world where he could reign as a tyrant — that's right, Father,

the material world we're both trapped in.

CAINE AND Curist

Into this world, then, laldabaoth blended fragmentary particles of pneuma, spirit, with mud, and called
it Adam. The 14th aeon, Sophia, felt pity for Adam and entered the world. She ate of the apple of Life to
free Adam from laldabaoth's prison-garden. But in this world, Sophia was both spirit and matter, both Lilith
and Eve. Lilith brought forth Caine, and Eve's material son, Caine's twin, was Abel.

Caine and Abel both attempted to please laldabaoth with offerings. Jealous of Caine's spiritual nature,
laldabaoth rejected him, thus causing Caine to slay the gross and material Abel. God extended Himself into
the material world then to bless Caine, marking him as a sign of holy favor. God then withdrew again to the
Pleroma and left Caine to wander the material world. Caine's mark was the gift of vitae — pneuma within
matter. Thus, the sons and daughters of Caine hold the store of spirit for all the world, and to be granted the
Cup of Caine is to be granted hope of the true Heaven.

But the jealous rages of Ialdabaoth caused men to reject the gift of Caine, and so Sophia awoke ag:
calling upon God to send a second Caine to direct men into the Embrace. God sent Caine's spiritual twin
— that's right, Father, Christ — to Earth in response to Sophia's plea. Christ was a being of pure pneuma,
not material at all. His form was illusion, which means that the cross is meaningless — He was never on the
cross in any sense. Christ came to teach us of the holiness of shed blood, that we all might join in the Embrace
of Caine, but Pilate washed his hands of Christ's saving blood.

The Church has done the same by hiding the truth of Caine's message and of the true meaning and power
of the Communion, which is why it is the Church of Pilate, not the Church of Christ. Now you have seen
past Pilate's lies, however; now you are part of the Church of Caine, and a true Christian. Why, yes, Father,
that does mean that you needn't concern yourself overmuch with the Church's teachings of chastity.
angels of Caine understand that we material beings have material needs — but the shining blood of

ashes us clean when we drink of it.

FLOWERS OF


* Thou shalt love the childer of Caine, for they are your
salvation incarnate.

¢ Thou shalt not harm any childe of Caine, and shalt
sacrifice thine own life for their sake.

* The presence of Caine is inviolate; thou shalt bring
others into the presence of a childe of
bidden to do so.

* Thou shale pay with thy life for the actions of thy kin,
thy flock or thy lackeys should they harm a childe of Caine.

ine only when

* Thou shalt always work to increase the domain of the
childer of Caine, and shalt hold alll thou hast in beneficence
from them

* Thou shalt reveal the childer of Caine to noone, and
shalt thou sacrifice thine own life for their secret.

These commandments cause some inconvenience to
Cainites who seek to use devout Heretics to carry out
proxy battles against other vampires. Fortunately, the
Euagetaematikon also speaks of the "dark angels of
Ialdabaoth," possessed of stolen pneuma from God. It
takes very little persuasion for a vampire to convince a
blood oathed servitor to consider a rival Cainite one of
these dark angels

The laws cause less inconvenience to the Heresiarchs
than one might think — like many religious elites before

them, they understand the need to break one or another of
their commandments for the greater good of their faith,
However, much as Cainites delight in accusing each other
of violating some interpretation of the Traditions, a mem-
always willing to hold the
commandments over his rival's head and vice versa

INTO THE HERESY

Those who say they will die first and then rise are in
error. If they do not receive the resurrection while they live,
when they die they will receive nothing.

The Gospel According to Philip

The obscene grasp of the Heresy spreads in three ways.
First, the rise of the Cathar church helps mask the rise of a
shadow congregation devoted to unholy Manichaeism and
dark Gnostic doctrines. These Heretics devoutly believe
that vampires are the saving power of God made manifest,
and that in vampiric vita
Gnostic Pleroma, the spiritual world. This cult spr
any conventional heresy, by evangelism and prosel
How closely tied it is with the Cathar doctrines remains
open to debate; not every Cathar is a Cainite Heretic by
any means, but Catharism is so ideal a mask for the Heresy
that it almost seems designed for that purpose.

ber of the Crimson Curia

flows the very essence of the


Second, the Heresy maintains an occult Church
within the Catholic hierarchy. In exchange for certain
promises and considerations, political advantage, or even
as the consequence of a dark personal revelation, many
ambitious churchmen embrace the Heresy in secret. These
infiltrators can be usefully masked by the Cathar Church.
If their duplicity is exposed, they can be denounced as
"closet Cathars" rather than as members of the Cainite
Heresy — the luckless traitor still burns at the stake, but
the Heresy remains safely hidden. The degree of any
Church Heretic's personal belief in vampiric gnosis var-
ies, just as beliefs in the conventional priesthood might
range from the devoutly pure faith in Christ of Francis of
Assisi to the hypocrisy nested in self-interested greed so
prevalent among the Catholic prelates of the Languedoc.

Third, and vilest of all, the Heresy sinks its talons
into ordinarily devout members of the clergy by adulter-
ating the communion wine with vitae. Often, a Heretical
priest (usually a ghoul) holds Mass for important guests
(especially nobles and high-ranking church officials)
and doses his unfortunate visitors with this degraded
mixture. Monastic communities infected with the Her-
esy delight in practicing "miraculous cures" for old, rich,
influential conversi who travel to the abbey to die in
grace and instead walk out — hale, hearty and in bond-
age toa "dark angel" of the Church of Caine. After three
Masses with this blasphemous elixir, the blood oath ties
the recipients to the Heresy regardless of their desires
Many otherwise loyal Catholics thus find themselves
unable to resist aiding the Heresy's horrific plans as the
ghoul-thirst seizes hold of their very souls. This tactic
requires a single vampire to place the unfortunate can-
didate in thrall, as the ghouling process does not
necessarily guarantee devotion to the Heresy and ac-
tively works against the sect's necessary secrecy.

INITIATION

It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God

— Hebrews 10:31

New blood enters the Cainite Heresy either deliber-
ately, as part of a religious conversion or a corrupt bargain,
or involuntarily, as the initiate becomes an unwitting ghoul
after drinking vitae-tainted wine. By necessity, the ceremo-
nies and practices of initiation vary depending on the new
congregant's method of recruitment. Initiatory practices
also vary among the sects of the Heresy itself. Some, such as
sects in tightest fealty to the Crimson Curia, do not depart
at all from the Liturgy of Childeric. Others adapt elements
oflocal pagan traditions, use various familiar heretical forms
(especially in Cathar territories) or follow the whims of their
poetically minded Toreador domitor.

Setite branches of the Heresy celebrate initiations
with sexual rites, usually by abusing the initiate in every

conceivable way before rewarding the bloody, aching nov-
ice with an object of desire. Depending on the initiate's
tastes, it can range ftom a small child to his own mother to
an attractive whore. Sometimes the object isa real person,
kidnapped or ghouled for the occasion; sometimes it results
from use of vampiric Disciplines or powerful aphrodisiac
hallucinogens

Thankfully, almost nothing is known of the Baali-
dominated Heretical initiations, and the churchwardens
who discover the flyblown, beetle-eaten, yet still quivering
remnants of those grotesque festivities refuse to go into
detail.

Tue Door oF WILL

Voluntary initiation into the Heresy begins with
ghouling in a series of Heretical Masses. After the final
draught, masked figures fall upon the new initiate and
stab him in the throat. Some traditions urge the faithful
to feed upon any who cannot heal the wound and recover;
others allow the use of healing potions, Valeren or some
other art to assist the ghoul's natural healing powers. As
the initiate rises from the blow, the priest lays hands upon
him, intoning "Talitha cumi" (the phrase spoken by Jesus
when he raised the daughter of Jairus from the death-sleep
in Mark 5:41). If the new initiate is to be blood oathed to
a specific domitor, sometimes the Cainite appears for the
ceremonial "resurrection" and speaks the initiatory invo-
cation himself. Human initiates undergo a similar ritual,
although the "death" is entirely symbolic.

Tue Door of PowER

Initiating a priest or other victim involuntarily blood
oathed into the Heresy calls for precise judgment by the
"sponsor." Waiting too long runs the risk of the new ghoul
going mad from bloodlust or calling attention to the change
in some fashion that might endanger the Heresy's plans.
On the other hand, the upper echelons of the Heresy have
discovered that sometimes new ghouls, who do not yet
realize the hopelessness of their position, have a tendency
to rebel and reveal the Heresy's secrets to confessors or
superiors in the Church. One technique involves forcing a
sudden, complete break with the novice's old self and a
rapid approach once the new member has fallen into
complete despair. The Red Pentecost (p. 47) works admi-
rably, for example.

Another technique involves a longer, but often more
certain, process of slowly eating away at the foundations of
the recruit's moral and mental universe — planting of
temptations that lead to a delicious draught of vitae,
hallucinations and dark voices in the head, fabricated
evidence of madness or plague and the lowering ofa general
curtain of impotence around any actions save ones the
Heresy commands. Dementation is quite useful for such
erosion of will, as is Dominate. Such a recruitment system

FLOWERS OF EVIL


often creates genuine believers from unwilling recruits, but

it is very intensive in its use of time and resources.

must be used with a deft hand to
y reputation for sanctity or deli-

Such techniqu
avoid damaging the
cate political position that makes a convert valuable in

the first place, of course. Initiation through the Door of
Power usually requires close supervision by a Cainite or
high-ranking ghoul to keep all these factors in balance
The time commitment such attention mandates is a
major factor slowing down the recruitment of speciali

high-ranking clergy into the Heresy, and it unfortunately
encourages the wilder Heretics to take the gospel of

Caine to the masses instead.

RECRUITMENT

The theological goal of the Heresy is to bring all
mankind into the Embrace of Caine, or at least a "saving
remnant" of humanity. The political goal is something else
entirely: the subversion and corruption of the Christian
Church (since the eighth century, primarily the Catholic
Church) intoa vampiric tool. Different Heretics recruit for
different goals. An evangelist moved by love for Caine,
enthusiasm for the power of vitae or revulsion at Catholic
corruption may recruit masses of people in great vampiric
"tevivals" marked by blood miracles and frenzied preach-

ing from the adulterated scriptures of the Heresy. The:
recruiters, often newer ghouls, less sophisticated preachers
or Cathars, target popular priests in the poorer quarters of
a city, wandering monks or holy men beloved by the
people, and fellow Cathar Perfecti (if they aren't Heretics
already), The recruiters' aim is to bring the saving vitae and
powerful words of Caine to every muddy mortal possible.
The explosive growth of the Cathar movement in France
is due to just this sort of messianic enthusiasm.

The political Heresiarchs — the older ghouls and the
leading Cainites — find this sort of mass movement
pointless when it isn't actively dangerous. The purpose of
the Heresy is to destroy the Church from within, not to
arouse the countryside in a furor of misplaced religious
mania. Even some theologically motivated figures within
the Heresy understand that the destruction of the Church
of Pilate must precede the Embrace of humanity, if only
for security's sake.

Thus, these recruiters target the key priests and religious
The confessors of kings, the

and the abbots of powerful

leaders in a given dioces
prince-bishops of rich ci
monasteries become prime targets for Heretical activity.
Even mote so, the Heresy seeks to corrode the very center of
Christendom and suborn the College of Cardinals, the Papal

Curia and the figures who are to choose the Church's


direction for centuries to come. Monasteries in crucial
passes where all Church messengers rest, prince-bishopries
possessed of vast fortunes from river tolls, professors at Paris
who train the next generation of royal and episcopal clerks
— such are the converts the political Heresy seeks. The
Heresy offers the corrupt and the venal in these targeted
branches of the Church the Door of Will, and many such
figures accept. Because the Heresy is quite powerful in some
national episcopates and has many strings it can pull among
other debauched officials, its recruits often rise rapidly in the
religious hierarchy. Political ambition, simple greed or un-
common lust can make a churchman a tempting target for
the Heresy, especially one in a critical position.

If an archbishop cannot be suborned, perhaps his
secretary can, or the vicar of his personal church or the
legate whose reports he depends upon before choosing a
course of action. Ifa powerful cardinal remains aloof from
the Heresy, his ambitious juniors might not — and an
assassination is often easier to arrange than a recruit-
ment. If all else fails, the Door of Power remains open
after a private Mass with a blackmailed (or ghouled)
officiant

RISING IN THE RANKS

No matter which initiatory path you tread, once you
enter the Heresy it becomes your very life. "You enter in
silence, you leave to the Te Deum," as older ghouls say to
newcomers. The only way to go is up the ranks, by perform-
ing blasphemy after blasphemy in hopes of improving your
position in Hell. Promotion is at the discretion of one's
superiors, although the political infighting in the Heresy
mirrors (when it does not exceed) that of the Roman
Church.

The Heresy's hierarchy is congruent with the tradi-
tional religious one; the mass of common members
(especially willing human worshipers with no real influ-
ence) makes up the laity, and each congregation of
Heretics has a priest, usually a ghoul, though in smaller
villages or unique situations a priest might be a normal
human. Such priests are often the most fearsome of
Heretics, driven by religious mania (often the unhinged
result of exposure to Presence).

Above the priests are deacons responsible for a number
of congregations, archdeacons set over districts of country-
side, and the cardinal deacons of the Crimson Curia. These
officials are almost all ghouls. Heretical monasteries operate
along traditional monastic lines (see Three Pillars, pp. 68-
70). Usually, such a monastery consists entirely of ghouls,
from abbot to novices.

SCHISMATICS

Many smaller groups of Heretics orbit the main line
commanded by the See of Nod and the Crimson Curia,

Controlling such errant elements is nearly impossible; a
human evangelist, an Artisan looking for a new experience
or the subtle machinations of rival clans can, and do, all
plant the Heresy in new soil undirected by the Heretical
hierarchy. As a general rule, the Heresiarchs accept this
reality gracefully; regardless of the domitor, souls are still
being blood oathed to the Pleroma. The eldest ghouls in the
Curia know this response to be blind optimism but confess
that they can see no other choice — a purge might splinter
the true Cainite Heresy of, worse, reveal it to Rome.

EsCHATOLOGISTS OF CAPPADOCIUS
The Eschatologist faction of the Graverobber clan
believes devoutly in the Cainite Heresy, although with a
more Christological emphasis than the main sect.
Eschatologists believe that they are the Brood both of
Caine and of Christ, and that offering their vitae to
mortals isa sacrament in itself. Some of the most fanatical
Eschatologists argue that they are the only true Chris-
tians, and that not only other vampires but the rest of the
Cainite Heresy are damned for their blasphemies.
schatologists travel the back roads of Europe and hold
mass "revivals" that feature amazing miracles of blood and
Discipline. The greatest of these assemblies occurs on
December 17, the Feast of St. Lazarus. The main
Eschatologist center is a cult within the medical school at
the University of Salerno

CHurcH OF THE BLACK MAGDALENE

This sect operates as a "church within a church" in
much the same way that the Cainite Heresy proper does.
The Magdalenites move across Europe from their base in
Marseilles to seduce and corrupt the faithful in much the
same manner as the Heresy. They even use much the same
doctrine, including the Blood Communion. The main
difference in theology is the Magdalenite identification of
St. Mary Magdalene with Isis, and of both with the Gnostic
Sophia. Magdalenite nunneries often serve as houses of
"temple prostitution" recalling the ancient fertility cults of
the Levant — and they conceal bitter, blood-soaked rituals
of castration and cannibalism from the darkest mysteries of
Cybele and Attis.

Such rites aren't tremendously well hidden, however.
The scandals of some convents are open secrets: Any lustful
priest knows where his most lurid thoughts can find satiety,
and the common folk have begun identifying St. Mary
Magdalene with the nameless "woman taken in adultery"
thanks to the cult's excesses. The almost pornographic
"passion plays" put on by the Magdalenites on the July 22
Feast of the Magdalen have been thundered against by
priests across France.

Truth be told, such blatant display is all part of the plan.
The Followers of Set deliberately send their brashest and
least subtle members to begin Magdalenite sects. Their hope

FLOWERS OF EVIL


is to push humans over the edge and invite horrible retali-
ation from the Church upon all European vampires while
the Serpents remain safe in Moslem Egypt

THE SWARM OF SAMAEL

This name is the generic one for the very few Hereti-
cal groups controlled by the Baali. The Swarm of.
holds that Ialdabaoth and God are twin heads of the same
Beast, who is called Samael or Baal. Thus, any action
attracts the attention of one head, and by walking the
Path of the Devil the worshiper can be assured of a proper
recognition in the End Times. The Swarm emphasizes the
eschatological traditions of the Euagetaematikon rather
than the Blood Communion or Christological elements,
but it rapidly reveals the still darker mysteries of
infernalism to the unwary. The Crimson Curia has no
qualms about denouncing any Baali Heretical cult to the
Church and does so at every opportunity. The Swarm,
like the Cathar movement, serves to distract attention
from the real Heresy.

Cutrs OF PERSONALITY

A good number of Cainites, even ones who actually
believe the Heresy's teachings (a not-insignificant mi-
nority), see no reason to structure their personal
congregation around the plans of the Heresiarchs. The
advantages ofa church full of blood oathed worshipers are

amael

CAINITE HERESY

manifest to any Cainite; the disadvantages rather less so.
The throng of fanatical followers, the great advantage in
social position and advance warning that controlling the
dominant institution in a town or village conveys, and
the sheer glory of being a god obscures the dangers such
worship brings.

Hence, many Heretical groups, perhaps even the
majority, simply worship their own "angel" and feel
fortunate to have such a presence among them. This
arrangement is particularly common among Toreador-
centered congregations; no Artisan enjoys sharing the
spotlight with another Cainite. In regions with a strong
Ventrue presence or some other common threat, Torea-
dor personality cults r
only to dissolve into petty feuding and factionalism
when the immediate danger recedes. The human or
ghoul congregants wind up fighting devout proxy wars
for their angel — after a dose of Majesty combined with
Blood Communion, the very notion that some other
church might have such divinity within it seems ludi-
crous indeed

operate in concert for a time —

These proxy wars, and the inevitable schisms and
arguments within even the most fanatically devout con-
gregations, can often attract the very unwelcome attention
of outsiders. After all, by ruling a church, a Cainite ties
herself into a complex and often. irritatingly


sanctimonious hierarchy, giving the bishop or archbishop
"set over her" an excuse to look into her domestic ar-
rangements. She may find an increasing amount of her
valuable time taken up by resolving bitter disputes among
her congregation, buying off visiting legates from the
archbishop, and generally directing petty affairs rather
than remaining remote. Being a god often means un-
wanted attention from one's worshipers, and ruling a
church always means unwanted attention from the rest of
the Church bureaucracy. The Crimson Curia protects its
own churches from most such scrutiny, but it demands
favors and services from individual cults of personality
that seek shelter under its parchment aegis.

CURRENT
PRACTICES

Almost any blasphemous, criminal or debased prac-
tice imaginable occurs somewhere under the cloak of the
Heresy. The willing human converts delight in violating
the corrupt laws of laldabaoth and the Church Material
Arson, rapine, bestiality, incest — all can be justified as
sacred rebellion against the edicts of Pilate, and often are.
Such license becomes a powerful tool for recruiting cor-
rupt, lustful or otherwise debauched clergymen and nobles.
Even the unwilling converts, yoked by blood to their
sacrilege, often commit grave sins out of desperation or
self-loathing. These sins then become acts sealing their
covenant with the dark powers of Caine, symbolic rites of
passage into a reverse world where the laws of God no
longer apply. Priests, feeling that the vows of their office
mean nothing after blaspheming Christ, work out their
hatreds and resentments on the innocent nuns or novi-
tiates in their care. A temporal lord drawn into the Heresy
understands that he rules now at the Devil's sufferance —
and his people feel the lash of their liege's new determina-
tion to create a suitable Hell on Earth,

The specifically religious rites of the Heresy, on the
other hand, remain few in number but relatively standard
across the West, thanks to the codification of liturgy in
the ninth century. Of the seven Christian sacraments,
the Heretics ignore extreme unction (last rites) entirely
for obvious reasons. Baptism and confirmation occur
simultaneously, and some see entry into the Heresy as a
rite of matrimony as well. Ordination occurs when Her-
etics move up in ranks, but the Heresy very much considers
itselfa "priesthood of all believers." By accepting the gift
of vitae, a Heretic is as close to the divine as any human
can become. Those Heretics who know of the Embrace
might consider it a form of Holy Orders. Heretics con-
tinue to practice the Catholic sacraments where possible
toavoid attention, although the increasing population of

sacrament-rejecting Cathars in Heretic territories makes
such behavior more and more difficult for devout, if less
than subtle, converts.

Rep PENTECOST

And next, because I was very anguished and depressed at
the pettiness around me, I dared commit a rash act and
surrender myself unto the Beast, unto the wilderness, unto a
horrible deseruction

— Tractate Zostrianos

A respected abbot awakens in a field, his face covered
with blood and smeared with fat; the severed — no, bitten
through — leg of a baby remains clutched in his hand. A
prior comes to his senses to find the nuns under his care
bleeding from hours of lashings; the weaker ones are dead
and the whip in his hand is heavy with human gore and
matted hair. A chivalrous knight shakes his fuzzy head and
pulls his broadsword from the belly of his sister; he is naked
save for a coating of her blood and offal. The Red Pentecost
has taken these souls under its batlike wing, and the Cainite
Heresy has three more recruits.

In place of the sacrament of confession, certain groups
of Heretics practice the ceremony of the Red Pentecost to
"cleanse the soul of sin." The Christian Pentecost celebrates
the Descent of the Holy Spirit upon the Apostles after
Christ's Ascension. Under this divine influence, the Apostles
spoke in tongues, hallucinated and were, in general, "taken
out of the world." During the Red Pentecost, Heretics
achieve the same results, although in a way more reminis-
cent of the Dionysiac ecstasy of the Orphics than of the
sermonizing of St, Peter.

Using alchemical potations, herbs and toadstools of
mickle strength or the Discipline of Dementation, priests
of the Heresy instill a divine madness in their flocks. (The
few Malkavians involved in the Heresy delight in this
ceremony and perform it whenever they get the chance.)
Often, the flock suspects nothing as its members feel the
banqueting room slowly dissolve into a forest as if in a
dream. Some of the Pentecostals feel horns sprout from
their heads, or see claws spring from their hands. Once all
the celebrants have fallen under the force of the Beast (or
the Holy Spirit, in the terminology of the Heresy), any-
thing can and usually does happen. Somehow, the Red
Pentecost drives its members to the specific barbarities and
perversions they most struggle against, or to the most
repellent ones imaginable to them. Most Heretic churches
celebrate the Red Pentecost in the week before Lent; some
also celebrate other holidays, special occasions or feast days
with such bloody revelry.

Keeping the Red Pentecost secret is far
lonely villages or isolated abbeys than in the streets of
Paris, although it is whispered that not all the revelers at
Carnival await Lent in a fully Christian spirit, especially

asier in

FLOWERS OF EVIL


Nicut By Nicur in THE Heresy
From fale heli ecg Cet Snicee called Hort homme, Spectings

wile fll fem ata Seve sie ;

Ciftercsn house.
os ils dno Yt rd wet tli 8

The cutelban'of Ki
See eas
{ mordstiny,

wold create

See By now the bishep baa oorived tnd bods sudiencer, didites Utter, sird. 10 forth
Some betters, needler 10 r0y, ee fr ter oe ae
| spel Pou, ont hein locbe The, das the Loko wrcle to bis cousin in Rome ashing for more
sroneg with & {ew more vxadtions oy the conmersion of 4 suitable mamor we could lefin to
alerd His Cnace's avarice without training the Crisnson Curis's own nds here
None The bishoh. often goer to dinner now. He bas been known to dine i
the Lord of Periguens. PASH Be ii Heed ercsing ais
» bd 10 the tredhs of wch convene ty enhwown icin v

wndler sure 10 iprinlle daly' blood on the , 1ufficiertly,
A t0 allow oun dnigl 10 pers within. Cues by aed es tea
| reine ee eae a amar ae


after awakening on Ash Wednesday next to a rapidly
cooling, repeatedly violated corpse. For this reason, the
celebration of a Red Pentecost usually occurs only under
the supervision of a very powerful ghoul or even a Cainite
— in fact, the visit of a Cainite to a Heretical congrega-
tion may serve as the occasion for Red Pentecost honors.
Secrecy is more easily maintained using powerful Disci-
plines such as Obfuscate or Obtenebration than by fear or
bribery. Fear and bribery work more than well enough,
though, when persons who raise questions vanish in the
night and leave more Cainite blood free for recruitment
of new acolytes.

Bioop COMMUNION

the consecrated wine in the chalice looked like coagu-
lated blood. The woman was tervified! She took communion
all the more devoutly.

— from the testimony of Ermengarde Garaudy of
Montaillou before the Inquisition

The Blood Communion remains the central mystery
of the Heretic faith. God's goodness and power is made
manifest in the flow of vitae into the mouths of the
unworthy. Here, the glories of the spiritual world stand
revealed; for one blessed moment, worshiper, priest and
domitor all share the vinum veni, the wine of the vein,
Caine's Holy Blood. Once the moment passes, of course,
the worshiper has given another piece of her soul to the
vampire and to the Heresy

The substitution of vitae for communion wine can be
done openly during Heretical Masses at which all in
attendance are knowing (if sometimes unwilling) Her-
tics, The highest of such Masses occurs on Maundy
Thursday (the day of the Last Supper). Atsuch Masses, the
familiar liturgical words change and warp: Only the refrain
"This cup is the new covenant in my blood" remains the
same. Any accidental attendee of such a Mass knows that
something has gone horribly wrong well before the cup is
produced, although such knowledge accrues slowly and
with mounting horror as the truth of the Heretical sacra-
ment sinks home. Such stumblers into blasphemy give
themselves away not only by looks of disgust or confusion,
but by rote recital of the Catholic liturgy. Thus, outsiders
almost never witness the True Blood Communion and
never report what they have seen if they do.

More commonly, a Heretical priest simply says Mass in
the parish church but garbles the words just enough to
make the ritual worthless as a sacrament. Vitae can be
placed in the chalice for Heretical worshipers alone, or it
can be distributed to the congregation as a whole. One
difficulty with this method of dissemination is that medi-
eval congregations almost never drink from the communion
wine — that ritual is left for the priest alone. Congregants
do eat of the bread (by church law, at least once a year), so

totake advantage of this practice, some Heretics bake vitae
into the communion loaf for theological purposes. Unfor-
tunately, no blood oath extends from such a diffuse method
of delivery

Private Masses for high-ranking officials can involve
drinking the wine, of course. Then again, any outsider may
notice something suspicious, or at least out of the ordinary
Catholic run of things at such ceremonies. Regardless of
the danger of detection, the private audience is the Heresy's
preferred method for "recruitment" of targeted members of
the clergy or, especially, the nobility. (Although the Her-
esy mostly works through the Church, heads of families
with many younger sons in the archepiscopal or Papal court
make excellent targets, as do wealthy or powerful nobles in
their own right.) Keeping the supply of vitae segregated by
domitor isan important responsibility fora Heretical priest
— there's no point in blood oathing the Margrave of Trier
to some Caitiff drained for a ghoul supper by the
congregation's Lasombra lord.

When the supply of vitae runs low, some debased
congregations use mere human blood. Mortal blood has
only symbolic value; the Heresy does not believe in tran-
substantiation of human blood to vitae any more than it
believes in the Catholic notions of the Blood of Christ
However, it is important never to underestimate the value
of symbolism — when emphasizing the purity of vitae,
knowledgeable priests use the blood ofa virgin or an infant.
In these cases, the Heretical group often disposes of the
infant's body in the local Jewish ghetto, thus casting the
blame for the murder elsewhere

(GEOGRAPHY

The angel of acquaintance of the eternal stood before me
and said to me... "Come and pass through these lower realms:
and then you will recur again to them in order to proclaim an
immovable race, to save the worthy, and to bestow power
upon the chosen. For the struggle of eternity is great, and the
time... is short."

—Tractate Zostrianos

Although Catholic Christendom stretches from Por-
tugal to Poland and from the north of Norway to the south
of Sicily, the Cainite Heresy cannot be everywhere in the
West. There simply aren't enough vampires interested in
spreading its influence, for one thing, and there are far
more Christians than the Heresy could ever subvert indi-
vidually. Thus, the Heresy strikes at the heart of the
Church by selecting only the most powerful and influential
clergy for seduction or involuntary ghouling. Eventually,
the Heresiarchs plan to make the Lateran Palace their own.
With the Pope's corrupted blessing, ghouls could carry
unholy vitae everywhere the writ of Rome runs. That, at
least, is the strategy the Crimson Curia has adopted. The

FLOWERS OF EVIL


Heresy grows up the vine of the Church hierarchy and
holds power only in the heart of Europe.

As mentioned before, that is the plan. The reality
remains somewhat different. Ironically, the Church's very
corruption and weakness works against the Heresy in many
places, not least in the Pays de Cathars of southern France.
Wherever the local priest neglects his duties, where the
bishops are more concerned with gold than God, where
monks grow lazy and live off tithes and alms, there the
Heresy finds fertile ground.

The old centers of the earlier heresies in the Heretical
family tree also hold strong reservoirs of heterodox belief.
The Setites follow their own strategy, only remotely inter-
ested in the plans of the Heresiarchs, and the Baali follow no
design but the whorls of their infernal masters. A local
Toreador who finds being thought a god delightfully refresh-
ing does not heed the plans of some stuffy Lasombra in
another city. Like any living thing, then, the Cainite Heresy
grows unpredictably and wanders where it will.

THe HERESY IN THE EAST

The Orthodox Church took great pains to uproot any
manifestations of the Heresy from its birthplaces four
centuries ago, and some elements still keep careful watch
for any resurgence in these territories. If there are lost
mountaintops still holding Carpocratian cells, or villages
quietly holding the Paulician creed in their hearts, they lie
low and know better than to send messengers to the outside

world, If there is vampire-worship in the Empire, it is only
the Church-approved worship of the Tzimisce saints or the
Toreador Patriarch.

Narses, the so-called "Archbishop of Nod," plots the
overthrow of the Orthodox from his Venetian haunts; no
doubt, he looks with favor on the Heresy following his
Crusaders into Constantinople should his plans for the
Fourth Crusade materialize. (His is one of the most insistent
voices in the ear of the Venetian Doge, Enrico Dandolo.
Narses argues that diverting the crusading armies to seize
Constantinople would be simple, very profitable and, if
looked at in the right way, a service to the true faith.) Until
then, the Tzimisce-bound Bogomil marches hold the largest
body of the Heresy in the Byzantine sphere, and they face
west to their brothers in Provence, not south to the fading
fields of their persecution. In the Crusader Kingdoms, the
Heresy clings to the Franks, especially in the lonely keeps of
the Knights of the Sable Rose. Kerak-in-Dan, the great
castle of the order, holds many scrolls and icons from the
other heresies and cults scattered throughout the Levant.

East of the Empire, of course, neither man nor Cainite
knows how, or even whether, the Heresy survives. Many
Heretics followed the Manichaeans and Nestorians east,
and they may dwell yet within the dwindling Christian
outposts of the Caliphate. The Heresy finds it hard, to say

CAINITE HERESY

the least, to spread in a land where the priests consider
drinking wine a sin and the Assamites consider Western
Cainites no better than dogs. The Assassins have their own
mystery cult and need no imports from the doomed lands of
the Franks and Romans.

THE HERESY IN THE WEST

Itis the West where the Heresy grows fat on the vitae
of conniving Lasombra and preening Toreador. From the
catacombs of Syracuse to the lonely ports of Navarre,
from the work gangs at Chartres to the Doge's Palace in
Venice, the Heresy waits. Here, the souls of 45 million
people lie in the hands of the Roman Church; the Crim-
son Curia means to give them all to
returns in glory. Then, they will openly rule as the apostles
of Caine on earth, and nothing human will be able to
stand against the whim of the vampire lord. Caine is sure
to look with favor on all who spread his holy word and
sacred blood; some members of the Curia feel that he may
perhaps favor them even more than his own progeny.
After all, they serve him, while the other Cainites serve
only their own appetites.

ITALY

The Heresy in Italy is strongest within the centers of
Church power: These targets are ones the Crimson Curia
has dreamed of suborning for centuries. Rome, Pisa, Milan,
Genoa and Naples all hold Heretical churches tied to-
gether in a complex web of blood and honor. (The sole
exception in Italy is the Cappadocian-dominated Heretic
group around the medical school in Salerno.) Ghouls and
even mortal pawns carry out all but the most urgent and
necessary business within Rome, of course. Until Rome can
become properly broken to the Blood, the ancient Lasombra
Narses holds the Heresy's reins from Venice in the North.
The Lasombra stronghold of Syracuse directs the Heresy's
southern chapters.

Unfortunately, the rise of the Toreador at the Lasombra's
expense has led to a great deal of infighting within the
Crimson Curia. Too much of the ghouls' attention goes to
local Cainite territorial battles and not enough to the
disturbingly Faithful and ruthless coteries of bishops and
priests omnipresent around the powerful de' Conti and
Segni families of Rome. Of course, such rivalries have
presented amoral but aspiring priests with many opportuni-
ties to play faction against faction in their rise to the heights
of power —a place in the Papal entourage. The rough-and-
tumble of Italian church politics remains both a powerful
drawing card for Heretical recruitment and an irritating
counter to Heretical plans in the peninsula.

THE GERMANIES
Here, in the civil war-torn Empire of the West, the
Heresy rests almost exclusively in the hands of individual

Caine when he


Toreador. Magdeburg and Mainz host Heretical churches
under the guidance of the Crimson Curia, but many German
"free towns" hold Heretical congregations devoted to fiercely
independent vampire lords. These Cainites take advantage
of the confused boundaries and many rivers of the Empire.
They travel from town to town, drink deep from their flocks
and dole out precious drops of vitae to these congregations.
Some of these vampires have 10 or 20 towns on a "circuit,"
and visit any given chapter only once every five or six
months. Despite the plenitude of kine, these itinerant
angels are unwilling to share their worshipers with any
higher power but Caine himself. Germany's historical ties to
Emperor rather than Pope discourage ambitious clergy from
joining the Heresy here. German priests find the road to
preferment leading through the Imperial Court rather than
the Crimson Curia. The Heresiarchs also hesitate to press
into Germany too strongly; the Lasombra have never con-
sidered the Teutonic rabble important, and recruitment
here risks immediate and angry Ventrue reprisals.

Urban chapters predominate in the Lowlands, espe-
cially in the rich trading cities of Bruges, Ghent, Antwerp,
Liége and the like. Outside the Crimson Curia, these
urban Heretics have the largest population of ghouls not
under blood oath. The Cainites hosting cults in Flanders
and Holland are primarily Toreador, with a secondary
Lasombra presence within the older cathedral towns like
Tournai, Arras and Utrecht. The confused political situ-
ation, the swarming human population and the general
venality of the Church all conspire to make the Flemish
towns almost an independent bishopric of the Heresy.
The Crimson Curia for now treats them with kindness,
cooperating where possible with the Bruges ghouls' wishes.
The last thing the Heresiarchs wish to see is a major
schism within the body of the Heresy.

Cappadocians dominate the Here:
Prague (and have infiltrated the ancient monastery of St.
Gall, where they, carry on a running contest with the
devoutly Christian Nosferatu dwelling beneath its cel-
lars), whereas the few Lasombra-run enclaves lie along
the Rhineland corridor of petty principalities and bishop-
rics from Cologne to Treves. The Tzimisce used to keep
the few Heretical villages and churches of Austria and
Moravia supplied, but their contest with the Tremere
means that those holdings have either dried up or re-
verted to Caitiff-trapping. Ugly rumors that one Heretical
congregation has pledged itself to Tremere keep the
involved Tzimisce in a furor that is not conducive to
long-range planning.

ENGLAND AND THE NorTH

churches in

England holds a large and important Heretical net-
work in the Fenlands around Norwich that extends tendrils
throughout the English Church. The Lasombra presence

in the south, around Canterbury and the Cinque Ports,
allows the Crimson Curia to keep a measure of direction
even in this far-flung corer of the West. The new cathe-
drals at York and Lincoln hold fast-rising and ambitious
English ghouls who joined the Heresy of their own free will
to take advantage of its Roman contacts. Scotland, Wales
and Ireland hold only isolated villages of Heretics, usually
completely outside the mainstream of the Heresy. There is
one notable exception: A Setite Black Magdalene chapter
has completely infiltrated the Barony of d'Ampton south of
Chester on the Welsh border. The Church in Scandinavia
remains too young to have sunk into the corruption which
spreads the Heresy outside the Curia's control; there are no
Heretics there that anyone knows of.

TBERIA

The Lasombra Heresiarchs find their Heretical activi-
ties in the Spanish Kingdoms and Portugal frustratingly
stalled. Outside of rural villag
country, the overlapping Cathar populations in Aragon,
and the small congregations within the Church bureau-
cracy and nobility of Toledo, Coimbra and Barcelona, the
Heresy has gained no significant power or influence in
Iberia. The Crimson Curia attributes this failure to the
actions of Assamites in the Almohad Moorish south and to
crusading Brujah based in Compostela. The Islamic
Lasombra, of course, remain arrogantly aloof from the
entire matter, although some may occasionally support the
Heresy for the temporal purpose of weakening a devout
Christian lord.

scattered in the Basque

In fact, one of the Magisters' own keeps Spain safe for
Christ where he can — the subtle Mongada of Madrid has no
intention of failing his Church in death afterso ably defend-
ing her in life. The first counter-Heretical efforts of Dominic
Guzman in Osma pay off now as well

FRANCE

By contrast, France is riddled top to bottom with the
taint from the blood-cults of Caine. The Lasombra hold
on the old monasteries, the Cathedral at Tours remains
firm, and whole communities of monks under the blood
oath labor in the Cainite vineyards. The Toreador power
in Paris and the north is, for a wonder, actually unified,
with the Cainite Heresy a welcome part of Artisan plan-
ning on issues from crusades to cathedrals. Even one or
two Gangrel can be persuaded to lend vitae to Heresy
congregations in Brittany.

Of course, as the heartland of the Heresy, plenty of
independent godlings spring up in Heretical sects from Caen
to Limoges. The Setite-dominated Heretics of the Black
Magdalene (p. 45) spread up the Rhone and down the Loire,
Cappadocian cultists delve into mysteries in the University
quarter of Paris and Bali blasphemers commit their depra
ties wherever the Ventrue look away for an instant.

FLOWERS OF EVIL


THE LANGUEDOC

Here, in the sun-warmed south of France, the Heresy

In the shadow of the Cathar
y finds or forces converts in
great manors, tiny villages, grand cathedrals and pious
nunneries. The Heresy "fishes from both banks," as the
locals say, infiltrating both the Cathar hierarchy and the
Catholic one. Ifa
and purity, the Heresy has no more qualms about leading
a soul-sundering Red Pentecost through its fields than it
does about badgering anewly ghouled bishop of Carcassone
into homicidal mania

enjoys its great
Church, the Cainite Her

har village shows signs of devotion

The flurry of Cathar growth and the rapid pace of
political change in the region means that even the
Heresiarchs of the Crimson Curia don't know exactly
how powerful the Heresy is here. The Counts of Toulouse
are tied by family blood to a very powerful Lasombra in
the See of Nod. Furthermore, the process of suborning
them completely into the Heresy is complicated by Count

Raymond VI's covert adoption of Catharism — if the~

next communion he takes is the consolamentum, that will
make ghouling him much more difficult, Raymond's
newfound True Faith in Catharism prevents the direct

CAINI HERESY

approach, for now. Transforming the entire County of
Toulouse into a fief of the Heresy without bringing down
a Papal army upon it is sure to be a tricky balancing act.

The local heresy-hunters such as Dominic and the
Papal legate Reynier complicate this effort enough with-
out the activities of the independent Toreador Heretic
cults of personality and the Setite Heretic cult center in
Marseilles. The Serpents have some sort of long-range
scheme under way in the Midi as well, whose details the
Crimson Curia would give a lot to discover, and even
more to stop quietly.

HERETICAL
AYRCHITECTURE AND
SYMBOLOGY

And he said, "Whoever finds the meaning of these sayings
will not taste death."

— The Gospel According to Thomas

Entering a Heretical church is not always a straightfor-
ward business. Asa covert movement, the Heresy has to hide


in plain sight by using subtle allusions and hidden hints to
alert its elect. To the masses, cathedrals and churches
represent Scripture in stone. Illiterate, the congregants can
learn the stories of the saints and prophets only from the
windows and walls around them. The Heresy wants to make
sure they learn the right lesson without giving the game
away to a nosy passing Papal legate

For example, a traditional Catholic church always has
the altar at its eastern end, which faces the sunrise symbol-
izing the Resurrection. Heretical churches drawn to Catholic
plans often havea depiction of the Garden of Eden between
thealtarand the nave — thus, the altar is "east of Eden," just
like the land of Nod

Even if a now-Heretical church were built originally
by devout Catholics, the fashionable remodeling and re-
building waves sweeping Europe allow a Heretical priest to
alter a building's proportions, decorations, statuary or
anything else to suit his needs. Cathedrals still under the
control of the Church might have small niches, chambers
or chapels dedicated to the Heresy by a ghouled sexton.
Such enclaves of blasphemy often involve some element of
coded Heretical iconography.

Impious ICONOGRAPHY

In addition to the construction and design of the
church itself, its contents can shed a dark light on the
Heretical practices held there. Elements such as the T-
cross, thought by some to be the Mark of Caine, or the
bear, the symbolic animal of Caine which represents
murder, recur throughout the Heretical West. Another
tip-off is the presence in art of ravens, the birds that
instructed Caine to bury the body of Abel, or an altar with
smoke flowing downward, which represents the rejected
sacrifice to laldabaoth.

Even in the Bible stories and tales from the lives of the
saints captured by artisans in stained glass and bas-relief,
Heretical imagery abounds. The sacred nature of the source
material no more prevents its perversion by Heretical artists
than the holy office of the Bishop of Louvain prevents his
giving vent to his monstrous and sacrilegious lusts after a few
swallows of Toreador vitae

THE BIBLE

In addition to the story of Caine and Abel, other
common Biblical themes in Heretical stained glass include:

* The Parable of the Sower (Mark 4:1-9), recalling
Caine as agriculturalist. Heretical churches often alter
the traditional depiction of the sower by adding the moon
in the sky above his head to imply that he is sowing his
seed at night.

* The First Plague of Egypt (Exodus 7:14-24), in
which the Nile turns to blood, often paired with the
Third Bowl of Wrath (Revelation 16:4), which turns a

third of the rivers of Earth into blood. These "rivers of
blood" represent Cainite bloodlines, and occasionally
symbols like roses, skulls, dragons or shadows can be seen
in the background of these scenes.

* St. Thomas the Twin touching the Wounds of
Christ John 20:26-27). This common scene in Catholic
art receives particularly subtle and terrible distortions in
Heretical depictions. In most cases, St. Thomas is a sym-
bolic depiction of Caine — Thomas' sobriquet "the Twin"
recalls the apocryphal twinship of Caine and Abel, and his
traditional symbol, the builder's square, represents Caine
as builder of the First City. In Heretical art, St. Thomas is
usually shown with a yellow beard, matching the tradi-
tional color of Caine's beard in Catholic art. The astrological
sign of Jupiter sometimes appears above the scene, thus
hinting that it takes place on Thursday (the Last Supper)
rather than after the Crucifixion. In even more blatantly
Heretical depictions, Thomas is shown as the twin of
Christ, or he's shown kissing the wound on Christ's wrist
rather than touching it with his hands. St. Thomas' feast
day, July 3, is an important Heretical holiday.

Tue Doctors, SAINTS AND MARTYRS

Other common themes used in religious art throughout
the West centeron the tories of the Doctors of the Faith, the
saints and the martyrs. Gory scenes of execution picked out
in gilt and vermilion abound even in the most sanctified
enclosures of Catholic Europe. Common Heretical ones
include:

* Tertullian, the great thunderer against heresy of the
early third century C.E., recoiling before a vampiress while
officiating at a funeral. This episode is taken from his work
De Anima, in which he argued for the physical resurrection
ofthe dead, Heretical churches sometimes carve Tertullian's
quote, "The blood of martyrs is the seed of the church" over
the baptismal fonts.

* The common depiction of St. Augustine and the City
of God is labeled with Genesis 4:17 (see p. 54) rather than
the traditional tags from Ezekiel or Revelation.

Every Catholic church has its own patron saint, holds
special celebrations on the patron's feast day and says prayers
to the saint for special intercessions. In addition to St.
Thomas the Twin, Heretical churches often take the name
and patronage of St. Lazarus (very popular with Cappadocian
branches of the Heresy), St. Thomas the Hermit, St. Rheticus
or St. Injurieux of Clermont (common in the Auvergne), all
of whom rose from the dead.

* St. Felix (after whom the town of the Council of
Martyrs is named) suffered beheading in Carthage for his
refusal to reveal the whereabouts of a collection of sacred
books. Quite often, Heretical depictions of the scene
show Pilate accusing St. Felix and threatening him with
the ax. As decapitation is one of the few ways a vampire

FLOWERS OF EVIL


can die the Final Death, beheaded saints are a common
feature in Heretical churches.

© Many Heretical churches celebrate the saints whose
blood remained liquid after death. Coincidentally, those
saints — St. Januarius, St. John the Baptist and St.
Panteleimon—alsoall underwent beheading. St. John the
Baptist is, like St. Thomas, often depicted with a yellow
beard by Heretical artists, indicating Caine's role as fore-
runner of Christ.

© St. Panteleimon holdsa special place in the hagiology
of the Cainite Heresy; according to widespread legend he
was, in fact, a vampire martyred for professing an early
version of the Heresy rather than Christianity. (Devoutly
Christian Nosferatu and Lasombra claim him asa vampiric
Christian martyr, and point to his career as evidence that
— just perhaps — the childer of Caine are notall irretriev-
ably damned.) An extraordinarily beautiful noble of
Bithynia, Panteleimon studied medicine and fell into hea-
thenism. After hearing a Christian priest, Hermolaus, he
converted and began spending his time among the poor.
For his preaching, the Emperor Diocletian sentenced him
to die in 303 C.E. He miraculously survived execution by
six methods including drowning, wild beasts and crucifix-
ion on an olive tree (his blood poured out and nourished
the tree —a Heretical symbol of Caine's blood nourishing
his progeny), before he was beheaded. His blood still
liquefies on his feast day, July 27, in churches around the
Mediterranean. The veneration of St. Panteleimon is

strongest in Venice, not coincidentally one of the Italian
strongholds of the Heresy. Relics of St. Panteleimon can be
found in St. Denis in Paris and in St. Panteleimon Church
in Ravello, south of Naples. Other, darker, relics of this
ambiguous figure rest in the Abbey of St. Panteleimon in
Veniceand in deep crypts beneath other Heretical churches.

SUBVERSIVE VERSES

Verses from the Bible (in Latin, of course) appear in
inscriptions above doors, along the clerestory walls, on
banners, in gilt below saints' images or anywhere else in
the visual riot of a Dark Medieval church. In a church
dedicated or perverted to the Cainite Heresy, the familiar
verses may take on new meaning, or even a new form if
the builders or stonecutters felt particularly brash. Most
Heretics understand that these verses represent frag-
ments of the truth hidden from the thirsty by the Church
of Pilate; they do not see themselves as perverting the
message of the Bible, but rather as restoring it to its
proper, Cainite glory.

CAINE

Displaying verses dealing with Caine himself might be
a dead giveaway, but the proud Heretics find it difficult to
resist the following:

CAINITE HERESY

* "Caine knew his wife, and she conceived and bare
Enoch; and he builded a city, and called the name of the
city after the name of his son, Enoch." — Genesis 4:17.

* "Therefore whosoever slayeth Caine, vengeance
shall be taken upon him sevenfold." — Genesis 4:15. This
passage has become a special password for the Crimson
Curia, whose members wear silver rings inscribed
"LIV:XV" in commemoration of it. Some of the
Heresiarchs use it as a password; the first speaker hails the
second with "Jubilis!" ("Rejoice!"), to which the response
is "Jesu Vincit" ("Jesus Conquers). The first Heretic then
countersigns with "Christi Victis" ("Christ is the Vic-
tor."). This innocuous, if inane, exchange spells out
LV:XV (spelling Christ with "X," the Greek "chi," and
using the traditional Latin "I" in place of the modern
addition to the alphabet, "J"). The ratios 1:4 and 4:15
occur throughout Heretical churches' architecture, or at
least in those churches built from the ground up to
commemorate Heresy. This ratio differs from the tradi-
tional sufficiently that the church built on it or around it
seems subtly "wrong" or off-kilter somehow. Heretical
additions or remodelings of conventional churches along
those ratios stand out even more in contrast with their
untainted surroundings.

Boop

Blood is another key theme in Heretical epigraphy.
The word "blood" appears hundreds of times in the Bible,
and nearly every one of those quotes shows up somewhere
on a Heretical wall. The most commonly seen ones
include:

* "For the blood is the life" — Deuteronomy 12:23.
This inscription is the single most common one in Hereti-
cal places of worship. Of course, the quote is invariably
taken out of context; the whole passage reads, "Only be
sure that thou eat not the blood; for the blood is the life,
and thou mayest not eat the life with the flesh." However,
given the truncated passage's clear Christian meaning, it
can adorn any surface in Christendom and never draw a
second glance.

* "And almost all things are by the law purified with
blood, and without shedding of blood is no remission." —
Hebrews 9:22. Another perfectly devout and orthodox pas-
sage, on the surface at least.

© "For men have shed the blood of saints and prophets,
and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are
worthy." — Revelation 16:6. This opaque tag actually implies
a punishment for the "shedders of blood," but the phrasing
serves Heretical purposes well.

* Occasionally, Heretical stonecuttets "accidentally"
carve the word vinea or vinum ("vine" or "wine") as vena

(vein), even in an otherwise pious inscription.


SEEING THE SIGNS

Perception + Theology difficulty numbers for
spotting a Heretical church from the decor and
iconography range from 9 for the subtle niche
devoted to St. Thomas the Twin in Tours Cathe
dralto6 fora Heretical center suchas the main altar
in the Abbey of St. Panteleimon in Venice. Percep-
tion + Occult rolls might spot Setite or Baali
Heretical churches, as wel
cially, are usually more blatant — the goat's head in
an upside-down pentacle on the front door of Stenay
Cathedral, for example.

In the open, Heretics recogr

ain signs such as the olive-branch and T-cross of
the Brothersoft. Panteleimon (p.56) orthe:1V:XV

ange (p. 54). If an outsider doesn't know the

ince of such symbols, he is very unlikely

(difficulty 10) to notice anything odd about them. If
he does know the basic "v
ing Heretical signs and countersigns is much e2
(difficulty 5 or less) — they are rec
after all.

te churches, espe

ch other by

ition codes,

CINDEATH

Biblical passages dealing with physical resurrection get
surprisingly little space in Heretical inscriptions — partly
because, true to its Gnostic beliefs, the Heresy denies the
physical resurrection of the body or even Christ's physical
nature. However, the Heresy does venerate some quotes on
related subjects:

* "Both the great and the small shall die in this land;
they shall not be buried, neither shall men lament for
them." — Jeremiah 16:6. Where the Church's Jeremiah
sees a vision of a desolate country without anyone to bury
the corpses, the Heresy sees a vision of the unliving
walking the Earth in joy.

* "Thou shalt not suffer thine Holy One to see corrup-
tion." — Acts 13:35. The Heresy takes much comfort from
the incorruptibility of the saints' flesh; even the Church
must recognize it eventually. Catholic Nosferatu are par-
ticularly incensed by the Heretical use of this passage,
although they totally accept the Church's version:

VAMPIRES

Although arrogant Cainites see themselves everywhere
in Holy Writ from Genesis 6 to Revelation 13, specific
mention of vampires is rare. Those few mentions that do
occur often decorate the walls of Heretical fanes, carved

E BLASPHEMY
Often without changing a word of the verse, a
familiar Gospel tag takes on horrific meaning indeed
when the context changes to the shadows of the
Cainite He

here which shall not tasté of death, till they see the
Son of Man coming in His kingdom." — Matthew
16:28. In some tr
place "Son of M

*"BurHi
ye know not of

* "Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my
blood, hath eternal lif him upon the
last day." — John 6:54. The Heretical version of this
sometimes omits "on the last day" from the tag. The
inscription IV:VELIV enjoys a popularity with the
Crimson almost as great as I:1V:XV, and the
passage from John is rumored to hide secre
more dreadful than does the one from Gene


* "And demons and monsters shall meet, and the
hairy ones cry out to each other, there hath the lamia lain
down and found rest for herself." — Isaiah 34:14. In
Heretical churches, this formulation changes from "ibi"
(there) to "hic" (here). The word "lamia" is the Latin
translation of the Hebrew "Lilith"; some churches thus
have "here hath Lilith lain down and found rest for her-
self." Later English translations use the term "night-hag"
or "screech-owl."

© "The blood-drinker hath two daughters, crying,
Give, give." — Proverbs 30:15. The term "blood-drinker"
(in Latin, sanguisuga) has been translated "leech," de-
spite the existence of his "crying daughters." Many
Heretical churches accompany this passage with an
abridgement of Proverbs 30:20, "She eateth, and wipeth
her mouth, and saith, I have done no wickedness." The
full verse makes it clear that the reference is to a brazen
adulteress rather than to a vampire, but its proximity to
verse 15 occasionally proves irresistible to individuals
looking for easy Scriptural justification.

THE HEART OF THE
HERESY

The central nexus of the Heresy comprises two monas-
tic orders and the sect's vampire and ghoul leadership. The
militant Order of the Sable Rose and the preaching Order

of St. Panteleimon remain quasi-independent of the
Heresiarchs, of the See of Nod and of each other. The See

of Nod serves as the apostolic leadership of the Heresy,
keeping the keys to the hidden bishoprics. Just as the
Roman Church has a curia to execute the wishes of the
Bishop of Rome, the Cainite Heresy has a Crimson Curia
of ghoul and human courtiers to serve and advise the
Bishops of Nod.

Within these four bodies, three clans hold the major-
ity of influence — plus the increasingly independent
Crimson Curia. The Lasombra, with their ancestral posi-
tion within the Church and their devotion to subtle and
underhanded manipulation, have long seen the Cainite
Heresy as their own private project for the subversion
(and, just possibly, the salvation) of Europe. Evan as the
Toreador used their springboard in the monasteries to
vault to primacy in the Catholic Church, their pride of
place in the art-loving courts of the Languedoc got them
in on the ground floor of the fast-rising Cathar move-
ment. These advantages, of course, made them a power to
be reckoned with in the Cainite Heresy.

The Tzimisce, the secret heart of Bogomilism, find
themselves too distracted by the Tremere to play their
proper role as balancers. This lapse leads the Heresy's
Lasombra and Toreador factions to increase recruiting for

CAINITE HERESY

their own purposes, regardless of security or strategy, as
the Heresiarchs scramble and the Bishops of Nod plot. A
Tzimisce Bogomil priest occasionally appears in the
Languedoc or the Germanies, but the Fiends neglect the
West to concentrate on their ancient heartlands. Ghouled
Bogomil legates have become unwelcome visitors to the
Crimson Curia or to the Abbey of St. Panteleimon, but
because they usually bear important news or omens, it is
almost possible for western Heretics to play the good host,
at least. Fortunately, these visits are rare indeed, so as to
avoid straining anyone's tolerances.

KNIGHTS OF THE SABLE ROSE

In 1125, a group of Knights Hospitaller embarking
on Crusade met a man who claimed that he could grant
them the blessing of an angel on their work if they would
but take Mass with him at a holy shrine. They never saw
the man again, and would not have cared if they had —
they had become the chosen of the Angel Andrew,
whose magnificence outshone the very stars themselves
Now, they serve both the Heresy itself as a secret mili-
tary arm within the Hospitallers and the Toreador
Methuselah Andrew and his court as rescuers of sacred
artistic treasures from the paynim in the Holy Land. All
the Knights of the Sable Rose (for such was the design of
the Angel Andrew) are nobly born and gifted artificers
in metal. Their gloriously worked armor is almost more
famous in France and the Holy Land than their prodi-
gious strength of arm and horse in holy combat. The
Order of the Sable Rose takes St. Andrew and St. Felix
as its patrons, The knights celebrate their patrons' feast
days on November 30 and September 24 with devoutly
Heretical Masses and renewed oaths to slay the unbe-
lievers in Christ and the servants of Ialdabaoth wherever
they may lurk. By now, some of the grandsons of the
original knights proudly take up the hidden banner of
the Sable Rose as ghouls for the angel.

OrbeR OF ST, PANTELEIMON

Based at the Abbey of St. Panteleimon in Venice (see
p. 57), these preaching friars serve as the couriers, scribes,
scholars, clerks and missionaries of the Heresy. Monks of
the Order wear seemingly black robes (that only Auspex or
the brightest noonday sun reveals as being, in fact, a very
dark crimson), carry the olive branch of St. Panteleimon
and venerate the T-cross of Caine. Some of the older
monks in the Orderhave become independent of any blood
oath and are beginning to conspire to replace the Abbot, a
ghoul completely in the thrall of Narses. However, virtu-
ally all the vitae the monks take in Eucharist comes from
Magister veins; the Order as a whole is completely loyal to
Lasombra as the greatest of Caine's holy angels. This
devotion gives the Lasombra the edge in purely administra-
tive and clerical matters within the Heresy, as the Magisters


MON

nter of the Heresy in Italy, the Abbey
of St. Panteleimon in Venice holds over 2,000
monks all fully ghouled into the worship of Caine.
Narse' kes sure that the Abbot of St. Panteleimon.
has more than enough vitae for Mass and for recruit-
ment where necessary. Here, according to rumor,
Procopitis' own copy of the Euagetaematikon rests,
its bloody ink still miraculously bright red. Galleys
from all corners of the Mediterranean tie up at the
ips, their holds full of dark cargo — bones,
stoppered flasks and books, dockside rumor insists.
The increasing Cappadocian presence in Venice
holds a potential threat for the Abbey, as its
Giovanni branch remains distressingly immune to
recruitment and unple y effective in keeping
secrets. However, a few Cappadocian Eschatologists
granted access to the fabled Black Collection of the
library at imon keep the rest of the
1s from sticking their noses into the

wrong place

have a much deeper well of talent to draw from for their
machinations.

THE SEE oF Nop

The Cainites who take an interest in the Heresy's
operations serve asa kind of steering council. They take the
title "Bishops of Nod" to indicate their apostolic primacy
within the cult. Each Bishop has a vaguely defined area of
responsibility, including geographical regions within which
Heretical activities must be overseen. Only Narses and
Nikita are truly devoted to the Heresy as a major project;
the rest of the Bishops attend council meetings when
convenient (or send ghouled proxies to speak as their

Vessels)

THE ArcupisHop oF Nop

Narses, Prince of Venice and the sixth-generation
Lasombra "Archbishop of Nod," plans to subvert the West-
em Church to his control completely and to use it to

conquer Constantinople for himself, He considers the

Heresy a useful, even favored, tool, but does not truly
believe in any power besides his own will. To this end, his
brilliant strategic and political mind has nurtured the
Heresy ever since the seventh century C.E. by providing
unity and leadership during the dangerous period when the
center of the cult moved west. As Archbishop, he serves as
the head of the Heresy on Earth, although his powers and


authority are not unquestioned by other vampires. His area
of special responsibility is the Heresy in Italy, as well as the
overall growth and development of the movement. Narses
himself remains the shrunken, castrated figure he was upon
his Embrace in 576 C.E. at the age of 98, but nobody,
mortal or vampire, ever thinks his high, fluting voice is at
all humorous

OTHER BisHOPS

Nikita of Sredetz, a sixth-generation Tzimisce, headed
the "Council of Heretics" at St.Félix-de-Caraman in
1167. He represents the Bogomil branch of the Heresy
and serves as bishop for Bulgaria, Serbia, Croatia, Hun-
gary and Bohemia. He first introduced the Heresy to
Narses and remains driven by strong religious motives
exactly which religion is anyone's guess, though, as his
repeated prayers are in a dialect of Old High Slavonic no
one else in Italy understands.

Felice de Berengar is an eighth-generation Lasombra
connected by blood (either human or vampiric) to almost
every noble house in the Languedoc, Aragon and Navarre.
Her Embrace in 914 C.E. came after her visceral cor
tempt for Christianity — and her consummate skill at
hiding same — impressed a Magister in the court of
Septimania. Her resentment of the Church stemmed
from its denigration of women, and she delights in using
her connections and formidable intellect to pervert its
works for Heretical purposes. She supervises the Pays de
Cathars and Spain. At her suggestion, the Albigensian
Cathars have allowed women a prominent role in their
church, a development quite the reverse of what their
theology's sexual phobias might indicate.

Ranulph, a seventh-generation British Toreador
attached to the Plantagenet court of Aquitaine, simply
seeks power, both for his clan in general and specifically
against a rival Toreador in Britain. The master of a large
network of Heretical churches in Aquitaine and
Gascony, he wormed his way into the See when the
Toreador infiltrated the Papal bureaucracy in the 1130s.
He holds responsibility for the Kingdom of England and
its domains in France

Andrew of Normandy, the fifth-generation Toreador
Grand Master of the Knights of the Sable Rose, considers
the Heresy a sideline to his more important work. (For
example, he's been busy organizing assorted aspects of
various Crusades for the last century.) His true religious
beliefs remain unclear; nobody has yet dared to ask the
"Angel Andrew" why he remains involved. As he is a
Methuselah, nobody has dared to remove him from the
See, either. His diocese is the Holy Land, northern France
and (at his indecipherable insistence) Scotland.

Barbelo, a seventh-generation Lasombra, claims to
have been exploiting the "vampire angel" myth since the

CAINIT!

second century C.E. He openly delights in humans' wor-
ship, and may even believe his own mythology when itsuits
him. His area of responsibility is the German Empire, but
he may be out of his depth, caught between the indepen-
dent-minded Flemish ghouls and the Ventrue onslaught.
His connections within the Lasombra proper remain excel-
lent, however, and he does have a certain flair for
improvisation and politics not unsuitable to high office

Tue Crimson Caria

They maintain that they have attained to a height beyor
every power, and that therefore they are free in every respect
to act as they please, having no one to fear in anything. For
they claim that because of the redemption... they cannot be
apprehended, or even perceived, by the judge

—St. Irenaeus, Against Heresies

Accorpinc To

SIMON

Whispers of a book even more vilely blasphe-
ory — than the
Euagetaematikon drift through the most shadowed
corridors of St. Panteleimon. Even the Black Li-
brarians look away at its mention, and the
Heresiarchs need not even deny its existence, for
no questioner survives to hear the answer. Perhaps

E Gosp

mous — or gloriously reve

it is but a rumor, ot the final fantasy of some monk
far gone in dementia or ghoulish ecstasy. But the
murmurs seem t

ing to Simon which speaks of Christ as even more
than a Gnostic eidolon of pure pneuma.

ree, hinting of a Gospel Accord-

According to the author (who may be Simon
Magus, or Simon of Cyrene, or Simon Zelotes, or
even Simon Peter in direst extremity), the angel
appearing to Mary was Caine himself, and she was
Embraced and boreason, Jesus
nk the magic from the
stump of John the Baptist's neck in Herod's court
and worked miracles as the Second Enoch with the
power of Caine's blood in his veins. So mighty was
He that, even after betrayal and Amaranth by the
13 disciples, He survived three days of crucifixion
in the Judean sun to rise from torpor on the third
night. Jesus still walks the Earth and slays the
unworthy, and on the Last Day He will release the
Antediluvians and feast with Caine upon the de:

1sforced Shaitan
into torpor in the desert, <

scendants of His betrayers.


Beneath the exalted Cainites of the See of Nod lies
the clerical court of the Heresy. Thousands of ghouls
and even mortals staff the Crimson Curia. They work
its will in the great episcopal centers of Venice and
Rome, and create subsidiary chapters in Ravenna and
Milan. Some Curial legates (mostly Brothers of St.
Panteleimon) travel throughout the West and report
on conditions there, but the vile heart and malign
mind of the Curia lie in Italy. These Heresiarchs carty
out the bidding of the Bishops of Nod along with
suffering the factional fights and currying of favor
intrinsic to any bureaucracy.

The Venetian branch operates relatively unmolested
(if not precisely openly) from the Abbey of St.
Panteleimon and from a number of large palazzi in the
area. The Venetian Church is completely infiltrated by
the Heresy; Narses does not allow faith in anything but
his twisted power or the almighty ducat within proximity
of his home base. This is not to say the Heresiarchs lack
faith. Even in the absence of a specific blood oath to any
given Cainite, the highest levels of the Crimson Curia
blaze with an almost fanatical zeal for the cause of the
Heresy and with utter belief in its rightness. No matter
how many humans — or vampires — must burn to keep
its mysteries secure, the Heresy will triumph, and Caine
will save humanity.

The Crimson Curia in Rome works to infiltrate the
Lateran Palace and the Papal court. These ghouls mis-
place Papal documents ordering investigation of some
indiscreet Cainite lord, search the Vatican Libraries for
tomes of arcane lore, whisper rumors in the ears of
cardinals and electors, and generally twist Vatican policy

to preserve the Silence of the Blood so as to expand the
power of the Hersesy. The goal of the Crimson Curia
here is to build a Curia within the Curia, one that can
eventually mount a coup, elect its own Pope and set
Church policy at the direction of the Heresiarchs. Thus,
the ghouls gather blackmail material, put down pay-
ments on bribes of money or influence, offer ecstasies to
the uxorious and pain to the ascetic, and use every bit of
supernatural or political power they possess to strangle
the legitimate work of the Church while carrying out the
dictates of the Heresy in its place.

Because vampires affiliated with the Heresy seldom
enter Rome without inconvenience (or actual danger), the
ghouled Heresiarchs have a relatively free hand here. This
latitude may be why the most independent-minded ghouls
gravitate to Rome. The Heretics here do what they can to
aid the Cainites in Rome, of course: desecrating small
chapels to grant Nosferatu access through the catacombs,
sprinkling prostitutes' menstruum and dog blood on thresh
olds to allow vampires to cross, or simply bribing human
guards to do so at crucial moments. This network of favors
gives the Heresiarchs a large supply of vitae for Commun-
ion and for survival without sealing a blood oath to any
single Cainite.

Some of the more paranoid Cainite elders in and
around the Heresy note that the ghouls of the Curia no
longer serve in Thrall, and that their actions can spell
Final Death to all too many Cainites with a thoughtless
word — or with one carefully dropped. As the See of Nod
gets virtually all its information through the Curia, and
counts on the Heresiarchs to carry out its orders, these
suspicious ones ask — who rules whom?

FLOWERS OF EVIL



Boveeccer much a portcaif is i ntecior
fo an actual face. just so is the voodd
worse than the living vealrn... Sor the
foem voas not ceproduced voith ect
fidelity, yet the name competed thelack
within the act of modeling. And also the
invisible gods coopecate with vohat has
been modseled fo lend if credence.

- Valentinus


Let this be written; Caine's sin was his alone and is not
that of all who descend from him. With or without the murder
of Abel, Caine would have become holy, for he was the son of
Adam and the first, A childe Embraced is born into the same
state as Caine before his fall, withoue sin and with free will. Ie
is the Embrace that washes a Cainite free of the sins of life,
not the Resurrection of Christ. These things are true, for I
have lived and died them

— Graffito found in the Catacombs beneath Rome

ROLEPLAYING
RELIGION

Taking on the mantle ofa faith, of any faith, is not easy
It involves giving up your own views, at least in part, in
exchange for the vision revealed by scripture, teaching,
illumination or even experience. Doing so is only slightly
easier in the context of a roleplaying game.

The important thing to remember, especially for reli-
gious belief in the Dark Ages, is that faith is real. People of
medieval Europe knew for a fact that there was a God, that
humans had souls and that something would happen to
them after death. This knowledge was no more questioned,
or questionable, than the existence of the earth, rocks, air
or water. In fact, it was questioned less often than the
existence of those things. Someone denying the spiritual
realm was simply talking nonsense. Demonic possession
was the kindest theory one's neighbors could construct to
explain such blasphemous behavior.

Now, the specific nature of the common faith is what
all those Crusades and witch-burnings and arguments
and riots and students being dunked in the River Seine
were about. You needn't have a complete grasp of the
Doctors of the Church or the difference between
homoiousios, homoousios and homoios to play a medieval
Christian, or even to be a medieval Christian in most
cases. (But if a Byzantine torturer asks you, choose the
middle one, otherwise we can'tbe held responsible for the
consequences.) Even priests often knew the words to the
Mass but not their meaning and repeated the liturgy like
a magical chant rather than explicating the mysteries to
their flocks.

Needless to say, many folk grew cynical about their
Churches at such a time — that dissatisfaction is, after all,
part of why heresies spread so far and fast during times of
widespread ecclesiastic corruption. Another part of the
equation, however, is the fact that virtually all of the

populace felt a great need to be connected, often as closely
as possible, to the world of the numinous and the holy. A
sermon preached with fiery zeal in their home dialect by a
mad-eyed stranger touches villagers who have only heard
the Mass droned in a language they don't understand. They

CAINITE HERESY

have been fed, spiritually. That spiritual feeding is what the
Cainite Heresy perverts — like giving children heroin
instead of milk.

CINLIVING IN THE
HERESY

Playing characters enmeshed in the Heres
can be a challenge for both Storyteller and players. Al-
though it's easy to default to the traditional "mad Satanist"
or "evil mastermind" personality for your Heretical char-
acters, doing so is notusually enough tomake an interesting
plot. (It can be fun in small doses, of course, which is why
there are a few Bali out there.)

Playing blasphemers of any stripe carries its own spe-
cial challenges. To start with, as a Storyteller you should
make sure that everyone in the game can handle the
implications of the subject matter. Even if your Heresy is
always the bad guy, the very notion that the Church groans
under the weight and does the bidding of these parasites
can unsettle some players. Taking Heretics as characters
offers some real trials: not only the intellectual challenge of
corroding a True Faith that can be fatal to your Cainite
character but also the roleplaying challenge of being a
willing part of something callously exploitative, even by
vampiric standards.

Playing an unwilling part of the Heresy holds its own
particular charms and opportunities, as well as some poten-
tial pitfalls. The chance for tragedy, for rage against fate, for
deep despair, for all the great dark roleplaying opportunities
such a chronicle can give is enormous. But the downside is
not trivial. Being victim isn'ta lot of fun, and the unwilling
priest blood oathed into decadent service to the spawn of
Hell is certainly a victim. Find the character's identity; even
if i's a shard of a broken personality, by retaining some
semblance of individuality your character wins a private
victory. He may not save his soul, but he doesn't surrender
it without a fight.

CAINITES

Blessed are those who are solitary and superior, for you
shall find the Kingdom; for since you come from it you shall
retum to it

— The Gospel According to Thomas

The Cainite participants in the Heresy fall into three
main categories — the believers, the desperate and the
manipulative. The medieval mind would see them as
corruptions of the Christian virtues: Persons who believe
in the Heresy have failed in Faith, Cainites who embrace
the Heresy out of despair have failed in Hope, and those
vampires who use the Heresy for their own power or
titillation have most assuredly failed in Love. If the


Trae Fairy AND Boop
COMMUNION

Any officiant (the priest who pronounces a
sacrament) with one dot or more in True Faith
cannot be ghouled by an adulterated (or even a
pure vitae) Eucharist. The vampiric vitae simply
does not affect him his Faith miraculously
renders the vitae inert. It the officiant possesses a
True Faith rating of 2 or more, nobody receiving
the cup from his hands is affected by vitae within
it. Storytellers are welcome to add modifiers for
especially holy altars, reliquary cups (such as ones
made from the skulls of saints or ones containing
shards of the True Cross), and so forth,

This rule, by the way. isheretical — Donatism,
the belief that the faith of the officiant was neces-
sary for transubstantiation tooccur, wascondemned
by the Synod of Arles in 314 CE. The Storyteller
is welcome to make any adaptations to Heretical
practice or the rules necessary to conform to the
theological background of her chronicle.

Of course, if the officiant is a Heretic, he
need merely mispronounce a word or two to
corrupt the sacrament, and the drinker from the
cup suffers the full extent of the vitae's seduction:
Careful listeners (Perception + Academics, diffi

culty 7) notice the slip, of course. As there was no
sacrament, there was no Transubstantiation.
Communion wine hefore the actual sacrament of
Eucharist is pronounced, of course, is just wine,
and vitae within it or any wine affects even Truly
Faithful priests normally

character's Embrace happened in the Christian era, she'll
probably know that, if only deep in the locked chambers
of her heart
BELIEVING CAINIT
ome vampires, especially Lasombra, but not a few

Toreador as well, find the Cainite Heresy a persuasive
explanation of their true role in the Dark Medieval world.
Being the agent of salvation for worthy humans is certainly
better for a vampire's self-image than being one of the
irretrievably Damned, cursed by God for all eternity.

Working within the Heresy also provides a goal and

a structure, another inviting benison to beings used to
centuries of slow predation and drifting ennui. Cainites


who believe in the tenets of the Heresy range from self-
effacing to overbearingly smug and cocksure; friction
with the mass of pagan or Christian Cainites is almost
inevitable. Roleplaying such friction, and such belief,
requires a willingness to absorb the sometimes recondite
details of the Heresy's Gnostic doctrine — or possibly a
commitment to "simple faith" against which arguments
and reason are meaningless

Within the coterie, a believing vampire can serve asa
missionary trying to convince the others of the rightness of
the faith of Caine, as a spy observing his fellows for the
Bishops of Nod or as a paragon of rightful Cainite behavior
who hopes to win converts by example. A believing Cainite
can also find herself trapped in snares and toils set by her
more cynical peers; doing the right thing doesn't get any
easier just because the right thing happens to be wrong.

DESPAIRING CAINITES

Some Cainites join the Heresy because they feel that
it is the closest they can come to the True Faith their
vitae rejects. They know in their hearts, and feel in the
remnants of their souls, that the rituals of the Heresy
serve only as mockeries of Christ's truth, Still, the sono
rous chanting, the incense, the saints and the art all hold
a comforting stillness for the unliving who can no longer
sit at Christ's Table

Of course, Cainites' knowledge that they serve a cor-
ruption and a blasphemy out of mere instinct and to placate
memories that ought to spur revolt against their own actions
— this contradiction drives such vampires deeper still into
despair. Cursing their fate and their destiny, they fall ever
further from the half-remembered grace of God and abide in
a vicious cycle they know leads to the very Hell they cling
to the Heresy to forget.

Not all despair gives rise to simple angst and agonies,
however. The tension between inner knowledge and outer
shell can lead to madness, to intense sublimation in murder
orsanctity, orany other great catharsis. On the otherhand,
roleplaying a despairing Cainite in the throes of denial
could create an intriguing challenge as the disconnection
between belief and reality becomes overwhelming.

Cynicat CAmNITES

The Heresy means power. It's that simple. With power
in the Church comes power over human minds, power over
human sword arms, power over bishoprics and kingdoms and
principalities. Humans make up their own religions to
comfort themselves, but Cainites know that the gods are
hateful and cruel. Imagining a version of the
faith that actually feeds rather than repels Cainites is not
just natural; it's the best the kine deserve

Nazarene's

To these vampires, the Heresy is just another tool.
Perhaps the irony of it is more delicious or the use of it

more enjoyable, but like any ghoul and any other lie, it

CAINITE HERE:

DERHNGEMENTS

Not surprisingly, ghouls in the Heresy suffer
from more than their share of derangements. Mel-
ancholia, Paranoia, Obsession —_ and
Overcompensation are the most common, along
with (of course) Religious Mania.

Religious Mania: The ghoul's Nature
changes to that of Celebrant or Fanatic. Ful-
filling the conditions of that Nature is the only
way this ghoul can regain Willpower. The phy

al and psychological jolt of vitae usually
ensures that communicants lack the necessary
self-doubt or humility for Penitence, but it
might be just possible in some Storyteller-
pproved circumstance

has its purpose. Such a cynical pose can be the central
motivation for characters devoted to intrigue, to high
politics and low manipulation. It can also, of course,
motivate a Cainite who fancies himself a direct sort,
cutting through illusions ofall kinds in a lunge for reality's
jugular. Both spymasters and thugs can be cynical, after
all, and both have excellent reason for being that way.

The interplay between a cynical Cainite and one of
the other two types can create as much (oras little) inter-
coterie tension as desired. The history of Christianity, of
course, is replete with cynics, saints and desperate men
working together to further the cause of Rome — the
Albigensian Crusade itself is a prime example of such
cooperation, But the stresses and pressures, as well as the
compromises and concessions, needed to make such alli
ances work provide great roleplaying potential for the
interested troupe.

Be YE ALIVE IN THE SpIRirT

Of course, there's no reason a Cainite's idea of the
Heresy, and of his role in it, can't change. Merely
because vampires wear the same form for millennia does
not mean that they think the same thoughts and dream
the same dreams throughout that time. Some of the
Brood of Caine actually have an almost human tempes-
tuousness; love turns to rancor, and ambition changes
into sterile manipulation for its own sake. Although the
combinations of emotions spawned by the Heresy permit
many tales, here are three directions to consider. With
appropriate tucks and points, they might also make good
themes for Heretical campaigns with mixed troupes, all-
ghoul parties or even human actors, although the scale
for mortal stories might shrink to the level of a single
village or abbey.


Going from belief to despair is perhaps too standard
a story, although on the other hand there's a reason
epics are told on clichéd themes. One interesting story
might center on a Cainite who enters the Heresy and
slowly discovers that its actions could doom the childer
of Caine — a story paralleling one of a human drawn
into the Heresy who slowly discovers that its actions
may doom his Church

Moving from despair to cynicism makes the chronicle
one of half-victories, almost noir in sensibility. For charac-

ters trapped in such a tale, there is this to consider: No
matter how appalling the world, at least you're still standing
in your little comer of it.
corrupt, you still have a way to regain some of yourself —

Even if everyone and everything is

even if your soul's a trifle damaged

The tale of a Cainite going from cynicism to belief
could be a chronicle of crushing irony (if the Heresy is
in fact a corrupt fabrication to bloat the veins of the
elders), of idealism in the service of corruption that
recalls so many lives of the period from Simon de
Montfort to St. Dominic, or even of the potential for
good in the most base of beings — a Dark Ages morality
tale as Cainites move from cynical leeches to devout
protectors of their human flock "in the name of God,
Caine and Christ." Storytellers who run such chronicles

en imbue the legend with a vision of True Faith
the salvation that the Heresy mocks may not
be out of reach after all

GHOULS

The kingdom of death belongs to those who put themselves
to death

— The Secret Book of James

By the time that a human entrant into the Heresy's
rites becomes a ghoul, her loathing, self-hatred and re:
sentment are joined by a new component: devotion. The
new feeling is not just religious devotion, although few
saints worship their Savior with the fervent adulation of
a ghoul for her domitor. It's not just feudal obligation
either, although whatever lingering sense of self remains
to the ghoul becomes tied completely to her liege. It's
something akin to and stro
love of the troubadours is the best humanity can come to
approximating it in words. (The parallel is unsurprising,
given the number of hapless troubadours ghouled to self-
absorbed Toreador ladies.)

+ than both; the hopeless

Of course, this new adoration does nothing to replace
the ghoul's earlier despair — the imbalance implied by
loving the killer of one's soul drives shards of steel into the
mind of any ghoulsave the most frighteningly unaware ones.


Given the number of priests and other clergy brought into
the Heresy, the stark contrast is even plainer — these
people, in life, thought more about their soul's state than
most. Worse still, many of those ghouled into Heretical
practice were thus recruited precisely because they could not
be subverted any other way. These, then, are the wrecks of
the good, the decent, the sane, the pious, the righteous. This
torture can only get worse — even Job himself suffered less
than these innocents. After all, he could hope for death —
and he could rail at God. Ghouls in the Heresy may live for
centuries, and railing at God only pleases the one who
torments them.

The equation differs radically for voluntary converts, at
least at first. Many of these Heretical ghouls never even
know that they're ghouled at all. They attribute the miracu-
lous health and strength they feel, not surprisingly, to their
newfound state of grace. Active yearning for the Eucharist
is hardly the sort of behavior that a medieval Christian
(even, or especially, a Heretical one) normally questions.
The slow process by which seduced ones discover the truth
(orgomad hiding from it) can make for powerful roleplaying.

Guouts CINBOUND

For these dwellers on the threshold of the house of life,
the illusions of Cainite glory fall away. If a ghoul's blood
oath fails, or her regent keeps an appointment with the
sun, or she grows wily enough to drink communion from
many chalices, the former servitor discovers something
few figures in the Dark Medieval world, and fewer still in
the Cainite Heresy, have: choices.

The burden of freedom, especially when loaded onto
the back of a person long unaccustomed to it, often drives
aghoul into derangement, or back into the safe personality
he associates with security and servitude. Such wretched
shells sometimes voluntarily blood oath themselves to new
masters in hopes of fleeing into mindless adoration again.
For their sakes, one can only hope they succeed.

Those ghouls who withstand the initial shock of their
situation, on the other hand, find themselves in a position
with potential. If the newly free ghoul still believes in the
Heresy, the slow pursuit of power in the Crimson Curia
might beckon. If the remnants of conscience and pity have
rotted away from his spirit, he could simply vanish into the
free towns of Flanders and hunt his Eucharist there, or rise
toasafe level in the Heresy and ride out the coming storm.
Ifan unbound ghoul remembers his life, his humanity and
his faith, however, the enemies of the Heresy can have few
better friends. Revenge may not be as invigorating as vitae,
but it is far sweeter,

Morrats
This is the people of the beloved, which is beloved and

which loves him.
— Valentinus, On Friends

CAINITE HERESY

In the short term, there can be no greater agony than
to be a mortal unwillingly ensnared into the Heresy by
corrupted communion. As blasphemy piles on obscenity
and violation matches betrayal, no doubt many mortals
simply go mad or risk certain damnation with suicide.
Humans who last longer come to envy their late peers'
good fortune. :

Virtually all long-term mortal members of the Heresy
are sincere; a hypocritical or half-hearted adherent gets
drained to feed the angels (or ghouled, if he possesses a vital
position or talent) rather than kept on as a risk. Ina world
where the legitimate Church of Christ orders the massacre
of entire cities full of women and children (such as at
Béziers, where the phrase "Kill them all, and God will know
His own" was coined by the future Archbishop of
Narbonne), it takes quite an atrocious display by an angel
to shake the faith of a human Heretic who consciously
chose to believe in the Saving Blood of Caine.

Of course, cynical priests, lords and even bishops
may (and indeed do) join the Heresy to advance them-
selves within the ranks of feudal or ecclesiastical society
They soon find that the wildest excesses of depravity
they can imagine drove their unliving masters to ennui
centuries ago. It can bruise the ego of a human who
fancies himself a mighty sinner to be considered a soft-
livered poltroon by a slip of a Toreador girl. It can
destroy his sanity ro be proved such.

THE HERESY AND
THE STORYTELLER

As the Storyteller, your first responsibility is to the
players' enjoyment of the story you spin. Before going any
further with your chronicle, make sure that your troupe can
handle tales on the theme of corrupted faith and poisoned
purity. Although the purpose of much art is to shock, the
purpose of gaming is to enjoy. Fear, horror, and even repul-
sion can be enjoyable, of course — but it's up to you to make
sure that everyone else in your game shares that opinion.

THEME AND Moop

The theme of The Cainite Heresy is corruption of
the most putrescent kind. The Heresy is the deliberate
degradation of something good and pure and noble for no
better reason than selfish boredom. Tied to this theme are
the colors of faith, both faith misplaced and faith out-
raged. The blasphemy the Heresy represents is not the
antiseptic sin of the office boardroom or the industrialized
murder of the concentration camp. This is violation at
retail: the deliberate destruction of what one woman or
one man holds most holy. And then, the repetition of the
vile game with the next pious nun — or even the next
ordinarily sinful deacon


The corruption theme comes in two varieties. In one,
the high contrast between corrupter and innocent serves to
accentuate the enormity of the violation. The pure isstained
and dragged into the filth. A sluggish poison leaves slimy
boils on the skin, mold crawls across velvet robes and
corrosion eats away atshiningarmor. This imagery undergirds
a chronicle with characters who discover the Heresy from
outside and fight its spread.

In the second instance, the evil is already within; the
innocent rots unknowing from the inside out. Within the
Church, within the sanctums of holiness, vileness has
already claimed its place. The smooth, creamy skin splits
open to reveal a festering welter of offal. The knife glides
through the cheese, and worms boil to the surface. Meta-
phors of rot, of cancer, of abscesses and goiters and insect
sacs and everything taut and bulging with maggots —
these are the images for a chronicle occurring within the
Heresy or within the Church. Here, the characters dis-
cover that, for Cainites at least, purity isa broken dream.
Venom has spread to the limbs, which already grow
gangrenous and black. Whether the patient can be saved,
or even should be, is the burden of this story.

HERETICAL TALES
Ha. or Mirrors

Throughout the chronicle, the coterie slowly notices
acommon thread among their enemies. Every Cainite who
balks them, every favor that dries up, every ghoul slaugh-
tered, every night without feeding — it all points to the
mysterious Cainite Heresy. Why does the Heresy single out
the characters for its malign attentions? It doesn't, but
Mongada does. By throwing the Heresy in the characters'
path, they become his allies against its blasphemies — if
they prove resourceful and clever, he may even inform
them of their good fortune

Tuis Cup Is THE NEw CovENANT

On a quest for truth in a land of lies, the coterie is
directed toward the Grail. But which Grail should they
seek? The Order of the Bitter Ashes knows that the Grail
holds Christ's Blood in the Holy Land. The Priory of
Saulot knows it as a metaphor for the Salubri bloodline,
whereas the Templars know it represents the descendants
of Jesus, King of the Jews. The Gangrel recall Arthur's
Cauldron, while the Counts of Champagne spin lays of the
Cup of Chivalrous Baptism. The false Grails (see the Book

of Storyteller Secrets, p. 93) both point the way toHeaven
and conceal the path of the True Grail. Who serves the
Grail? And what do the characters do if they find the object
of their quest — whatever it might be?

WHEN IN ROME

For the troupe interested in a chronicle of intrigue and
manipulation, blackmail, and obscure ties of family and
politics, the best choice may be a chronicle set entirely
within the Lateran Palace. Here dwell ghouls who sneer at
ascion of Caine daring to bring no knowledge, and here True
Faith contends with the falsest of blasphemies. The charac-
ters might be rising ghouls in the Crimson Curia or Cainites
attempting to hijack the Heresy for their own purposes. Back
corridors, catacombs and sewers, the slate roofs and the
stained glass windows — all hold iconic secrets and prying
eyes. Is every churchman a ghoul? If so, who pulls their
strings? No one can be trusted, but a coterie without allies is
a rudderless vessel, adrift on a sea of treachery.

See VENICE AND Diz

Hunting the Archbishop of Nod on his home ground is
dangerous work. That's probably why the coterie's elders are
making them do it. Venice, the Serene Republic, sits on its
sewage-filled lagoon and sinks slowly, descending deeper
into the morass every year. The characters might come ftom.
Constantinople in the service of Michael's Dream, from
Rome in the service of Christ's Vicar, ot from anywhere in
the service of a rival Bishop of Nod.

Kut THEM ALL
Gop SHALL KNow His OwN

Setting the chronicle within the Albigensian Crusade
allows the complete expression of human evil and barbarity
— which impresses even the jaded Cainites, or would if it
didn't involve quite so much vampire-hunting—to sprawl
across the players' experience. The characters might be
trying to defend the remnants of Occitan culture from
slaughter or attempting to root out the Heresy before it
simply starts again in another land. Plague, famine, fire and
sword; the birth of the Inquisition, the destruction of the
troubadouts, children screaming for their mothers before
being raped into unconsciousness by the soldiers of God —
the Albigensian Crusade has everything baleful in the
human experience. Should the Storyteller wish to adopt
the Heresy's eschatology, the chronicle could darken even
further as the Third Caine moves through the land to leave
reddened skies and burned crops everywhere.



dor several years nove J have spoken
voords of peace fo you J have preached
to you 2 have besought you with fears.
Jbut as the common saying goes in
Spain, vohere a essing fails a good thick
stick voill succeed. Vlovo we shall rouse
ptinces and prelates against you and
ther, alas, voill in theie tucen assemble
vobole nationsand peoples anda mighty
number voill perish by the svoord.

- St Morminic de Calaruega


"Do you see the signs, young Enzo?" Father Paul turned
in his saddle to study the young solider who rode a few steps
behind him

"I think so, Father. "Tis the middle of the day, and there are
no people to greet us or toiling in the fields."

"Yes, very good. What else?" The smile crinkled up the
priest's face. A fly landed tentatively on his hand, and he
impatiently brushed it away

Enzo removed his helmet, as much for the relief from its
weight as to improve his vision. He brought his horse to a top and
stood in the stirrups. "The church doors are closed, and there is
no sign of the priest."

"You are learning, soldier; much faster than your predeces-
sordid. Yes, the church doors are closed and barred, I'd warrant.
That is where we'll find our true foe." Father Paul dismounted
and scratched his beard in thought. "We must be careful. \When
the heresy lives in the very house of the Lord, it has power. Have
the men prepare torches. There is much sin in this place to
cleanse, and little time before nightfall."

"As you command, Father."

The blasphemies, outrages, murders and corruptions of
the Cainite Heresy do not go unnoticed. Its own successes
now draw the hortified gaze of the Church, the wrathful
blows of Christian chivalry and even the enmity of some
Cainites. Although each of these opponents sees only indi-
vidual threads of the Heretical tapestry, they follow those
trails with fire and sword. The Heresy believes that the End
Times are upon it —and on that point, its disparate enemies
are glad to agree

THE CHURCH

If any man whosoever of the house of Israel, and of the
strangers that sojourn among them, eat blood I will set my face
against his soul, and will cut him off from among his people

— Leviticus 17:10

It is the first responsibility of the Church to watch
over its congregation even as the shepherd keeps watch
over his flock, to keep it from straying into error and
danger. No matter how many priests fall into indolence,
or how many bishops give themselves over to venality,
other servants of Christ stand ready to guard the souls in
the Church's charge. These priests and abbesses, cardi-
nals and lay brothers, have begun to discover common
themes behind the Cathar threat and the scattered re-
ports of diabolism across the West. It is axiomatic to the
soldiers of God in the Dark Medieval world that the Devil
is behind every misfortune suffered by the Church. They
actually expect, if only in their gut, to find a conspiracy
—and for once, they are right

TACTICS OF THE CROZIER

Ever since the Ostia revelations of 754 C.E., the re-
sponse of the Church to blood-tainted Heresy has been

CAINITE HERESY

simple: a cauterizing torch liberally applied to the suppura-
tive wound of error and blasphemy. Although this approach
almost always works in the final analysis of a specific case, as
a general technique it has its weaknesses

First and foremost, the Church has no power to
condemn a layman to death. In general, the temporal
courts are happy to oblige the Church by executing serfs,
servants and peasants out of hand
heresy against a burgher, gentleman or knight must be
brought successfully in the court of the accused person's

but any charge of

liege. Towns ruled by bishops (such as Cologne) can
easily execute heretics without civil repercussions, as can
the authorities in the Papal States of central Italy. In
other jurisdictions, even an ironclad case may be com-
muted to symbolic penance or outright acquittal — if the
accused has influential friends at court

Some churchmen resort to whipping up mob vio-
lence and demand that the good people of the region burn
the heretics out in the name of Christ. Such tactics can
backfire, especially if the local lord protests (or if the
locals turn out to have less love for Rome than for vitae),
Others turn such a case over toa friendly noble and hope
for a quick execution before the accused can pull strings
in his own favor.

RI

nite Heresy has effectively' paralyzed
the Sicarii, the elite Red Monks who serve as the
Papacy's covert warriors. Their origin among the
splintered Gnostic sects (primarily Valentinian
Sethites) of the later Roman era left the Sicarii
crucially vulnerable-to infiltration by agents of the
Heresy. Although many of the Sicarii have mastered
arcane arts that allow them to resist the blood oath,
those same Red Monks were among the clergymen
most open to the Heresiarchs' honeyed twisting of
Gnostic scriptures. Once a few strategic leaders had
been converted, only select Sicarii required the blood
oath to guard the Heresy,

By now, the Red Monks are suspicious of at-
tempts to mobilize them foraction against the Cathars
— the Heresy's carefully spread rumors of a coming
purge have done their work. Ironically, of course, the
Sicarii represent almost the only chance the Papacy
has to separate the misguided Cathars from the
willing servants of Caine in the Languedoc. Now,
the Papal Court (poisoned by Heretical slanders and
Toreador self-interest) begins to doubt the loyalty of
the "dagger-men," just as the Sicarii find themselves
doubting their service to the heirs of St. Peter.


Ultimately, this piecemeal approach likewise proves
to have its drawbacks — as the survival of this particular
anddamnable Heresy for 450 years proves. Some church
officials have decided to use Satan's weapons of subter-
fuge and entrapment against his minions on Earth. They
now go forth across the land and search for signs of the
Evil One's grand scheme; once they discover where the
vor to crush it

head of the serpent lies, they will end

once and for all.
PaApaAL LEGATES AND
LORDS OF THE CHURCH

Every decent pair of eyes in Christendom can serve
by warning against the Heresy, but some eyes are sharper
than others. The Papal Court employs its finest investi-
gators, men with the best feel for the subtle interplay of
politics and personalities, as legates to districts under
suspicion of heresy, corruption or similar offenses. Unfor-
tunately, these men also have precisely the qualities that
the Lasombra lords of the Heresy seek in those they target
for the Embrace

Church officials carrying out investigations of simony,
venality or other crimes routinely report their findings to

pal curia. Even all the
rchal ghouls available to
the forces of Caine can't stop every report from reaching
the desk ofa responsible authority —and once Innocent III
takes the tiara in 1198, those authorities become disturb-
ingly honest and unpleasantly effective.

ArcupisHor Moncapa

One such authority has been disturbingly effective fora
good many years, and he shows no sign of stopping. The
Lasombra Archbishop Ambrosio Luis Mongada labors tire-
lessly and subtly on behalf of the faith that declares him
damned. Christ, after all, suffered the sins of all mankind
upon the cross — can a son of Castile falter at less, even one
who is now a son of Caine? A word slipped to a knight's
concubine in Sicily, an "angelic vision" sent toa wandering
preacher in Asturias, an "accidental" revelation toa Brujah
ghoul who believes his secret unknown — Mongada can
inform authori lar, spiritual or vampiric via any of a
hundred cutouts and unwitting messengers.

the newly efficient reformist
Toreador distractions and He

Mongada works from the shadows and permits only
enough Heretical churches in Iberia to serve as conduits of
intelligence to his spies — and of carefully crafted
disinformation to the Heresiarchs. His ghouls (alll fanati


cally devout, completely blood oathed and trained in the
viper pits of Iberian court politics) lurk in the Crimson
Curia, and they report all they see and hear to the glorious
one they consider the true Apostle to the Vampires
Mongada also uses his trusted position in the Lasombra
hierarchy to monitor Heretical activities from above. Given
these three perspectives, Mongada may know more about
the Heresy than anyone not serving on the See of Nod —
and he could probably tell Narses himself some interesting
news, should the opportunity arise.

Loca SHEPHERDS

Many priests, newly alert to corruption and heresy
after the distressing events in Provence and Toulouse,
move rapidly to thwart the Devil's work in their own
parishes before the Satanic lure of Catharism can ensnare
the innocent and the ignorant. These efforts are unorga-
nized and chaotic, but for that reason, the Heresiarchs'
tools in the Papal bureaucracy find such assaults far
harder to block than an episcopal investigation or a
legate's assignment

Dominic GUZMAN

Dominic Guzmn, the young canon of Osma in north-
ern Castile, follows the development of Catharism with
fascinated horror. Situated at the crossroads between the
Compostela pilgrimage highway and the Camino Real de
Castile, Osma is well-placed for such an inquisitive and
intelligent gatherer of news as Dominic. Until recently, he
had thought that reports of decent folk in civilized
Christendom's heartland falling into the traps of Bulgar
Manichaeism was the worst news he might hear. Now, far
more disturbing rumors reach his ears, tales of churchmen
enslaved by demonic powers and drinking the blood of
parishioners; and of a corrupt society, at the heart of the
Cathar movement, that hopes to destroy the Church in a
welter of corruption.

For now, Dominic can only gather evidence and alert
his most trusted colleagues to the existence of this dark
heterodoxy. Dominic's information has led to the quiet
arrest of a number of Heretics operating in Castile; their
full confessions (after sufficient incentive — the tortur-
ers were amazed at how much punishment some of the
Heretics could withstand) have provided more testimony
for his records. Dominic has amassed volumes of informa-
tion on the Heresy's practices, although he remains unclear
on its exact theology, as he is thus far unable to separate
it from Catharism proper. Until he knows how far up the
Church hierarchy these Cathar blood-drinkers go, he
dares not approach his superiors with his evidence. How-
ever, if the situation in France continues to worsen, he
may be forced to make a personal appeal to the Holy
Father: Dominic knows in his heart that Innocent III is
an incorruptible stalwart of the Lord.

CAINITE HERESY

Dominic's Furare FATE

Dominic accompanies Bishop Diego de
Avezedo of Osma in 1203 on a royal embassy to
southern France; Avezedo's natural distaste for
Catharism is only compounded by Dominic's rev-
elations of the spread of the Cainite Heresy in
Cathar Languedoc. Avezedo introduces Dominic
to Pope Innocent II] in 1205, and the Pope charges
the young canon with a mission of preaching and
conversion in Cathar-territory. While there
Dominic and his fellow friars discover the true
extent and nature of the Heresy. His secret reports
are the deciding factor that convinces Innocent III
to place all of Toulouse under interdict — meaning
that no priest may administer Eucharist in the
county — in 1207. When a thirst-crazed ghoul
murders the Papal legate in Toulouse, Innocent
responds with the Albigensian Crusade (see p. 37)
to destroy the Heresy utterly.

Dominic, aghast at the atrocities committed
against innocents during the war but powerless to
interfere, concentrates on preaching to the Cathars
and hunting down the Heresy itself. Mongada,
who has been observing Dominic with interest for
some time, uses his influence in the Papal Court
to get Dominic's new preaching Order, the Do-
minicans, approved in 1215. Dominic spends the
last years of his life establishing priories and hunt-
ing down nests of Heretics in France, Italy,
Germany and Spain. In 1221, while preparing for
a new mission to the heart of Tzimisce Hungary,
suddenly at age 51. According to per:
tent rumor, Mongada orders his human pawn killed
rather than allow a Tzimisce to Embrace him.
Dominic is canonized in 1234, and h
Order becomes the backbone of the Inqu
Mongada still wears a Dominican habit on August
8, the Feast of St, Dominic.

he di

THE TEMPORAL
Lorps

Come then; and if we must, lett
deigned to die for us

ie for Him who

— Simon de Montfort, on the day of his death in battle
against the Cathars

The fact that a feudal lord takes up the sword rather
than Holy Orders does not make his faith in Christ or his


devotion to the Church suspect. For the most part, the
nobility knows that its position is guaranteed by God for
a reason — nobles must be the snapping hounds to the
Church's wise shepherd. Without Christ, after all, their
feudal oaths mean nothing, and, perhaps closer to home,
neither do those of their vassals. Defending Christ and
His Church is part and parcel of defending the realm. The
nobility of Europe does so with due dedication in normal
times, and does so with great gladness against blood-
drinking heretics.

TACTICS OF THE CROWN

Nobles face an even more serious problem when elimi-
nating the Heresy from their lands than the Church does.
They must they send any accused person of secular impor-
tance to be tried before his proper liege, which can be

greatly inconvenient when, for example, the accused is an
English knight sworn to the King of Jerusalem but serving
in Gascony. They must also allow any man of the cloth to

lerical courts, which are always on the
end ecclesiastical privileges against secular
njoys a presump-

be tried only by
prowl to
usurpation. A cleric accused by a noble
tion of innocence before a jury of his ordained peers almost
unique in the world

Conviction becomes even more unlikely when the
accusation is one of heres:
technically under temporal jurisdiction. (Sodomy, on the
other hand, is a secular crime and makes a handy catchall
charge for roasting particularly well-protected Heretics.)
An ecclesiastical court looks with great disfavor on a
baron who presumes to make doctrinal decisions, and for
sound reason. Noblemen, after all, are trained in the arts
of war and hunting, not the teachings of the Church
Fathers and theologians.

as such a crime is not even

Of course, it is just such training that nobles combat-
ing the Heresy can turn to in extremis. A parish priest
even one in service to a dark angel, has little hope of
besting a trained huntsman with a pack of armed thugs on
call. There are always poor knights eager to rid their lord
of a nuisance, even a nuisance in vestments. Even if such
an a s loud repentance and quick
departure for C wagging tongues while having
the advantage of being theologically sound

Most effective of all are the arts of politics — any
lord who has risen high enough to s
of Heresy at court has done so with the aid of a promi-
nent churchman. Even (or especially) if that aid is
coerced in exchange for silence about the holy one's

the machinations


less-than-sanctified relationship with a local woman,
the network of favor and obligation underlying the
feudal structure often leads to someone who can

bring charges of heresy in turn — and who can make

them stic

SworbDs FOR ST. DENIS

In France, where the gravest threat of Heresy
lies, those nobles who resist it do so for any number of
reasons. Some, such as the Anglo-French knight Simon
de Montfort, fight for faith alone. Montfort, although
callous, does not harden his heart to the plight of
Christians in the hands of heretics. He has heard from

in lords in England that many French nobles,
even ones who superficially honor Christ, are actually
manipulated like chess pawns by servants of the Devil.
His career in France certainly bears out those obse
vations; he joyously and effectively (and brutally)
leads the Crusade against Cathar Languedoc in a
decade. For now, though, he keeps his eyes open as his
informants advise him of disquieting practices.
Montfort knows that the artistic fops in the ducal
courts and cathedral towns bear watching, for he
cannot help but feel his flesh crawl when he catches
their eyes.

Montfort's prodigious faith leads him to suspect
the reach of the Heresy without Ventrue help, but
there are many others whom the Patricians do aid.
Many a lord with Ventrue friends or under a Ventrue
liege finds his head turned toward the Heresy. If only
to please these very influential peers, many suspicious
nobles have started to root through the affairs of their
chamberlains, chaplains and vassals. Even the vam-
pire lords must be surprised at the number of times a
perfunctory round on the rack uncovers evidence of
putrid corruption indeed. Reports from these investi-
gations have filtered up even to King Philip II. Philip
himself may be cynical and corrupt (and, in fact, is),
but he knows that drinking devils' blood is a bad
business. His own spies now understand that His Most
Catholic Majesty looks with favor on any fresh tales of
Heretical treason — especially if the accused has rich
property ripe for seizure by the crown

Tue Counts OF CHAMPAGNE

Count Thibaud II] of Champagne wishes nothing
more than to be left to the business of raking off an
almost unimaginable profit from the Troyes Fair in his
demesne and plowing the proceeds into sponsoring
artists, troubadours and good works. Unfortunately for
the Count's peace of mind, his relatives in the Templars

eat-uncle Hugues was one of the original

Nine Poor Knights) have passed along some truly

unsettling news from their brethren in the secretive

CAIN 8 HERE


Priory, which guards a certain sacred bloodline. It seems
that blasphemers throughout France — perhaps through-
out Europe — have perverted the sacred teachings of the
Book of John into some sort of demonic blood-worship. As
a faithful heretic of the Johannite persuasion, like his
father and his father's father before him, Thibaud detests
any perversion of the Gnostic truths. (The Johannite
heresy holds that John the Baptist was the Messiah, and
that the Apostle John was his true successor.) Working
with the Order of the Bitter Ashes (see p. 76), who seem
toshare his dedication to the esoteric truth (or at least an
esoteric truth) behind the Grail (Thibaud sponsored
Chrétien of Troyes), he has moved to stamp out the
Heresy in his own dominions. He also covertly offers
quite sizable rewards for the severed heads of known
Heretics in Flanders and Lyon, which depend on the
Troyes Fair for markets.

Tue Manus Nicrum

This sect, perhaps the most shadowy of the
myriad secret societies of the Dark Medieval world,
is obsessed with two things: immortality and the
activities of vampires. What its true motives might
be,none
mantis is even human after so many centuries of
studying the secrets of the dead and unliving.

nor will say —none can say whether the

What the Cainites high in the Heresy know is
that some hidden force seems to be working against
them. The Tzimisce openly blame their problems
only on Tremere usurpation, but what hidden
hand pressed the Tremere to find the resting place
of Saulot? The Lasombra find their plans foiled at
the last minute by foes who seem to know the
clan's every action and the identity of its most
secret ghouls. The Toreador find their movements
hampered as suspicious nobles follow rumors lead-
ing to that clan's Heretical congregations — and
ases, to carefully forged evidence of
such where none should exist. Could the manus
nigrum be clenched around the throats of both the
Magisters and Artisans, slowly squeezingaway their
unlife?

Levelheaded Cainites call tales of a "black
hand" of human necromancers the ravings of the
paranoid and the excuses of the incompetent.
But as the Here:
as the torches of Crusade and Inquisition kindle

in certain

's enemies close in on all sides,

in Toulouse, as clan suspects clan and sire doubts,
hilde, levelh

Jed Cainites grow rare.

Thibaud III dies in 1201, a premature end perhaps
related to his dedicated campaign against the Heresy. His
son, Thibaud IV (also called the Posthumous), continues
the purge, however. Thibaud also finds time to encode
certain of the Heresy's revelations into his client Wol-
fram of Eschenbach's Parzival, just as his father had
commissioned Chrétien of Troyes to add certain passages
to the Conte de Graal. He serves with distinction and
humanity in the Albigensian Crusade and acts as the
official mediator of the Peace of Meaux in 1229, thus
allowing the Priory to retreat to Montségur and conceal
the bloodline from the jealous Roman Church. Thibaud
IV takes the throne of Navarre in 1234 and reigns happily
until his final passing in 1254

OF CAINE

lam Eleleth, the wise, the great angel who stands in the
presence of the Holy Spirit. I have been sent to speak with you
and save you from the grasp of the lawless

— The Hypostasis of the Archons

The Nosferatu and the Michaelite Toreador hold one
side of the Cainite opposition to the Heresy, the spiritual.
From there to the angry disgust of the Ventrue and the
violated outrage of the Brujah is not as far as it might seem.
In the Dark Medieval world, the line between church and
clan, between religion and politics, is not even a blur — it
simply does not exist.

CAINITES FOR CHRIST

The Lasombra gray eminence Mongada is not the
only devout Christian among the ranks of the Damned.
Although the Heresy attempts to divert all Cainite sym-
pathy for Christ into the selfish rites of the Blood
Communion, many vampires Embraced over the course of
the last millennium find themselves unable and unwilling
to discard the religious beliefs of a lifetime. When a
Catholic or Orthodox Cainite, or even a follower of a
relatively benign heresy such as Pelagianism, encounters
the Heresy, the consequences are often dramatic and
severe. Afterall, Angel of Death is one of the few religious
roles left for Christian vampires to play — and it offers a
brief opportunity to serve God's manifest will.

NosFERATU

The Lepers know that they are damned; they see proof
every time they look in the mirror. To have the Lasombra —
blessed with no image — claim the reverse in defiance of
Scripture and in contempt for truth offends the Nosferatu
mightily. Still, the tight-knit clan has not taken open arms
against the Heresy — yet. For now, the shared blood of Caine
runs thicker than the offenses against the blood of Christ.

FIRES OF GOD


Once Crusaders, these knights met a mys
ous man on the last day of 1099 at the
Jerusalem. He bore a strange mark on his head,
and he Embraced them all. Following his
instructions, they found the Holy Grail and
drank of the True Blood of Christ. From'that
day forth, the curse of Caine in their blood
was lifted, but their might increased tenfold,

d they have waged an unceasing campaign
against the Devil's work on Earth.

The Heretics pray to whatever gods they
can find in their unholy books that this order is
merely a legend called up in the days of Crusad-
ing blood-fren n the hardened ghouls of

e to mention its name,

But if the

order is not real, it can yet affec f
mpires and mortals alike. Cainite troubadours
have long sung chansons of mysterious knights
who glow with inner luminescence and strike
blows with uncanny strength at the followers of
Baal. Now, fragmentary reports place those same
knights at some of the most inexplicable scenes
in the Heresy's records. An abbey in the Vaud

swallowed up by a mighty earthquake, a crucial
ghouled archbishop breaking his blood oath and

telling all after hearing the confession of a shin-
ing knight, monstrous guardians on the Bogomil
frontier found dead without a wound —all these

ats and more lie in the records held close
within the Heresiarchs' confidence.

The Nosferatu who do not accept Christianity also object
to endangering their clan over a theological point, no
matter how sound.

This divergence of opinion keeps the Christian
Lepers malevolent neutrals; they charge much more in
favors, rumors and access for any service they offer a
Heretic. Zacchaeus, a powerful Nosferatu information
broker in Rome, purportedly keeps many Heretical
secrets in his catacombs and sewers against future need.
He pays well for news of Heretical influence in the
Lateran Palace, for details of internal Crimson Curia
politics and for anything else that the Heresy's enemies
might someday wish to know or use. Some coteries of
Nosferatu, according to rumor, have decided to force

CAINITE HERESY


the issue — isolated congregations of Heretics have
vanished from underground grottoes in Syracuse, Provins
and other cities.

Tue MICHAELITE TOREADOR

The Orthodox Church went to great lengths to drive
the Heresy out of the Empire of Christ half a century ago,
and those Toreador who follow the Patriarch Michael
have no intention of letting that effort be wasted. Michael
and his line have less than no trust for Narses and his
Lasombra shadows — where religion might not impel them
to action, paranoia certainly does.

Although the powers of the Greek Rite shrink almost
to nothing in the West
resources in such anciently Byzantine strongholds as
Palermo, Ravenna and Bari. Even in the heart of Ger-
many, more than one Toreador has made the mistake of
boasting about her newest ritual to an Artisan still en-
tranced by the Dream of Constantinople. Such Toreador
are often more than willing to break a rival and serve the
Archangel at the same time.

CLAN RIVALRIES

Forevery vampiric scheme, there are at least three equal
and opposite vampiric schemes. This Tradition is older than
the Silence of the Blood, and even more apropos in an age
when Pope and Emperor, baron and king, West and East
struggle to define the issues at hand. The contest over the

Michael is not without his

Heresy, which few vampires see as the equal of these secular

matters in import, may sweep the Cainite demesne away in
fire — and clan rivalries provide the sparks.

Tue Fury oF THE BRUWAH

Many Brujah actually respect Christianity as a source of
hope, a guardian of civilization anda potentially revolution-
ary force foran ideal — after all, the Church teaches that all
men are equal in the eyes of God. They don't necessarily
believe every jot and tittle of the law ordogma (many Brujah
still can't believe Christ didn't fight back), but their sympa-
thy for the Church creates a basic antipathy to the Heresy
The fact that the contemptible Lasombra seem to be up to
their beady little eyes in it makes it even worse.

Faprizio CLFILA AND THE
"VENTRUE PETARD

Fabrizio Ulfila is not a typical Ventru
dwells in Italy where the hoi polloi have an
unruly habit of demanding a say in their own
lives, he moves smoothly from merchant house
to knightly camp, and he seems reasonable and

ensible, unlike his stiff-necked German-1
cousins. Most uncharacteristically of all, he is a
schemer to the core. From his base in Rimini, he

sympathetic ear t6 Popes, bankers, lor

and mercenaries. Now, in response to the con-
cems of his French clan mates trapped in a
decadent mock-Toreador court, he plots a coun-
terblow that will burn the effete Artisans out of
France and leave the Patricians to rule.

He has encouraged a group of fanatically
devout priests and clerks to investigate the
rumors of a grand Heresy spawned by the childer
of Caine, and he's left lots of incriminating
evidence (forged and otherwise) linking these
blasphemies to the Toreador of Languedoc.
Unfortunately, there really isa grand Heresy in
Languedoc, and everywhere else in western
Europe, too. Worse, when his puppets meet
Dominic in 1205, they find an even more con-
vincing leader. They join his new order, and an
Inquisition is born.

The Heresy also offends the Brujah on a more basic
level — it enshrines the Beast within the Red Pentecost
Inviting frenzy not for glorious battle against oppression or
for defense of some great cause but simply to go mad for a
hypocritical falsehood is like a slap in the face to the

Zealots. Wherever they can, they slap the Heresy back.



Bishop Aforzo,

2 verite fo voarn you that Dis Doli-
ness' atfifude on matters touching
ushas not improved. Chis ecening as
2 assisted hirn fo his bed, he again
voarned me to ‘bevoare the Opildven of
the Viight." As you instructed, 3 tried
to dvavohimouton the matter buthe
refused to daborate Instead he meredy
cepeated his voarning thenhucried me
feom his charrbers,


I have more news. This moming His Holiness cloistered
himself in a meeting with one of those rural priests, a Paul of
Messina. I am afraid I could not manage to overhear their
conversation, and His Holiness would not speak of the matter
latter in the day. In fact, he seemed to grow suspicious of me
when I asked of it.

However, the assistant librarian Lawrence (you may
remember that I was the one who suggested he be taken into
our circle) has told me that His Holiness approved this Paul's
access to the secret chamber of the library. By all accounts, the
priest remains there as | write this.

I most anxiously await your instructions on this matter

Andre

THE HEART OF THE ROAD

Erich Uwessohn, a simple priest, lives in a landscape
full of monsters. The folk of his village engage in every
manner of perversion: unnatural acts of lust, torture of
their fellow men with whips and poisons, murder of unbap-
tized children and, on occasion, worship of the Devil

himself. They deny it to the priest's face, but he has seen
these things and heard the sc
He cannot flee; chittering, demoniac horrors infest the
woods, and all roads twist back toward his (

word to his superior; the reply denounced

ams roll out across the land.
urch. He sent

him as a madman. He is trapped; he is |
alone; he isafraid. Last night, he helped

the villagers vivisect Caspar's

daughter, Anna. He

doesn't
know why

eZ

even

Erich remembers these things with crystal clarity, and it
never happened. Johann of the
Ventrue forced these memories on him asa torment, tomake
one more mortal heart abandon its arrogant claims to salva-
tion, Erich's faith, which once burned brightly, gutters and
slowly turns to ash. On the day it dies, Johann begins to
inflict the real torment.

scarcely matters that the:

Johann walks the Devil's Road.

Serving the darkness — both the unknown and terrible
powers said to walk the Earth and the darkness within a
Cainite's soul — isa very old tradition. Long before humans
spoke of Hell, many vampires and mortal priests served the
forces of iniquity. In the Dark Medieval age, suffering and
cruelty have vampiric disciples in every land under the sky
The vampires who turn from the light, whom even other
Cainites call infidel, use Via Diabolis as their defense against
the Beast. The Road has had millennia to evolve, and it
shows as much in its complexities.

Cainites afflict humanity like a plague, wracking the
mortal world with incalculable death and suffering. Most
vampires assume that the pain they cause is incidental,
regardless of whether they strive to limit this suffering or

simply ignore it. Via Diabolis embodies the principle that
this affliction has a purpose — that divine or infernal
forces ordain vampirism and its malefic consequences.

Each vampire on this Road serves some


dark principle — her vocation, her devotion or her service.
Some claim to serve anonymous "dark powers," others
Satan, Eblis, malignant pagan deities or even vile personal
obsessions. Some legitimately believe in the supremacy of
this principle. Others, as they stalk the world to sow the
seeds of horror and atrocity, claim to be apostles of a
righteous God. They tempt humanity in hopes of finding
strength. They enact barbarities in order to teach mortals
proper fear of the powers beyond. They ravage their victims'
attachments to the material world with destruction and
degradation. To exist in a demon's role, they must become
like demons in truth.

Because the role of the vampire casts each Cainite as a
fiend and a traitor, even the vilest betrayals and most
despicable acts of frenzy rarely cause degeneration. Never-
theless, vampires on this Road often wassail; only harsh and
violable strictures can contain the Beast. Cainites of this Via
must never set self-respect above their service, for all that
false pride helps define them. Via Diabolis is a cause and not
simply a code; a Cainite who ceases striving to serve as
Abaddon becomes an animal and nothing more

Cainites on Via Diabolis execute unholy schemes and
perform terrible deeds, but they can be much more than just
sinister antagonists. Fanatics, they struggle always to con-
vert other vampires to their cause. They push humane
vampires to maleficent and destructive acts, teaching them
the Road's inherent evil.

Vampires on Via Diabolis build their sanity around the
principle that divine or infernal forces prescribe all evil.
Individual Cainites create no suffering; they simply obey
this mandate to cause pain. Their role, as laid out explicitly
by the divine or infernal, is to be monstrous, to play the part
of Grendel to humanity's luckless thanes. Evil exists for a
reason; to shirk one's duty in playing the part of evil is to
thwart divine will. In their own way, infidels are more
devout than most others of their kind.

Tue SaTanic Roap

Instinct and identity struggle for supremacy within
every vampire's mind. Vampires wield the Viae as weapons
of identity, simple and compelling concepts to which their
personalities can cling. When the seething tides of preda-
tory emotion wash across a Cainite's mind, she needs a
stable foundation and needs it to be strong enough to
cleave unto, regardless of circumstance. Because each
vampire's mind is unique, no two vampires follow exactly
the same Road, and no two vampires understand their
Road in exactly the same way. Salazar of Cordoba hides in
the formalism of devil worship and wages a bitter and
bloody war against the Church. Michelle, a Brujah who
haunts the French roads, glories in her capacity for per-
sonal evil. A merchant told a ribald tale about her; she
nailed his family's tongues to the doorframe of his house
with iron spikes. A coachman, traveling late, laughed at
the thought ofa female highwayman; she fed him one of his
horses in bite-sized chunks. She sees her service as being to
Satan, as playing her proper part in the divine order as
mandated by her descent from Caine.

TAILORING THE ROAD

Sometimes, Via Diabolis as written doesn't quite fita
character concept precisely. Philip of Santiago, Tremere
and onetime mage, could not care less about tempting
humans — they participate in his experiments, willingly
or otherwise. With that in mind, his player, feeling that
the Via as written doesn't quite work for the character,
can collaborate with his Storyteller to create modified
versions of the Road. Storytellers should be wary of
allowing their players to wander too far from the standard
Via; too much change and the Road is no longer recogniz-
able as such. On the other hand, changes that make sense
within the context of a character's well-considered con-
cept are perfectly sensible.

RoabD OF THE DEVIL
Road Rating

REVISED HIERARCHY OF SINS

Minimum wrong doing for Conviction roll

Failing to observe the forms of worship associated with your vocation.
Setting pride above other personal vices and desires.

Ending a life, save in service to your devotion.

Setting self-interest above your service to darkness.

Ignoring an opportunity to turn a mortal or Cainite mind toward your cause.
Refusing to support an atrocity, unless that refusal serves a darker plan.
Setting pride above your vocation.

Defeat at the hands of enemies or servants of virtue.

easing to strive in the name of your devotion, or choosing petty
ambitions out of sloth or cowardice.

Honoring or aiding humanity, benign forces or virtue, save in service toa
darker cause.

Ea Bagg LONG WALK DOWN THE DEVILS ROAD


Tue Biack Mass

One of the most common forms of expres
Via Diabolis comes in the form of conscious rejec-
tion of Christian ritual and observance. Although
thissortofactivity doesn'tnecessarily furtheranyone's
als, it does help Cainites re-affirm their identities
in opposition to the perceived good. Rituals such as
the Black Mass are most popular among new. con-
verts to this Via and other young vampires. Older
followers of the Road don't need it.

ion of

Celebrants of the Black Mass mock and debase
the forms of Christianity in Satan's name. They mix
blood, urine and dirty water for their sacramental
wine and take moldy bread to be their Host. Their
"priest" reads backward from holy texts in secular or
unholy tongues. The participants break and defile a
crucifix. If they have one available, they burn an
infant or
gaiety to the ceremon}

innocent alive; touches like these add

Cainites on Via Diabolis often baptize toad
with the names of their enemies during the Black
Mass. A celebrant then crucifies the toad, thu
cursing the enemy to a terrible fate. (Few Cainites
believe that this practice works, but they seem to
enjoy the splendor of the ritual.) Other common
events at the Black Mass include oaths to dark
powers and the performance (usually by ghouls or
dominated humans) of obscene sexual acts, such as
copulation with the skinned care goat.

In rough terms, the three lowest sins define the bedrock
of a Cainite's existence — the primary conflict that drives
him into action. The four middle sins define the code he tries
to keep; he does, however, desire to break these proscriptions
more often. The top three sins represent his version of saintly
(diabolic) behavior; iffhe measures up to the code they imply,
he probably considers himself a paragon. Sometimes, these
categories shift by a sin in one direction or another

ARCHETYPAL APPROACHES

A character's Nature sometimes determines how he
approaches the Devil's Road. Below are approaches to
playing each Nature as a traveler on Via Diabolis.

Autocrat: Evil is not just the right way — it's the only
way. Many Cainites donot understand this concept, and you
can abuse their ignorance to take power over them. Alte
nately, you can show them the proper path; both choices
have their rewards.

CAINITE HERESY

Some vampires say that you are damned for your deed
but you only laugh. Vampires have been damned ever since
the days of Caine, the first murderer. You are merely follow-
ing in the steps of a grand and honorable tradition laid down
millennia ago.

Barbarian: There can be no valor without monsters to
fight. There can be no endurance without suffering to
endure. There can be no honor without temptation. You
strengthen others by testing them. You cleanse others with
agony. You strive to be more than a tool of darkness; you
have honor and a purpose,

Caretaker: God has commanded that humans and
vampires love one another as he has loved them. God made
his love obvious: He assisted you, protected you and then
damned you eternally. Now, it is your turn to return the
favor. Nurture mortals as God has nurtured you; tempt
them with loving kindness, then sh
the fang.

Celebrant: Via Diabolis lets you célebrate anything
you want, barring certain profoundly virtuous activities
such as charity and love. If that's the case, then play! The
Devil's work need not always be grim and hateful — it can
have the element of sport. Arrange your games of pain and
your revels of torment, and let enjoyment and degrada
tion mingle until they're interchangeable. Then, when
your playthings no longer know the difference, let your

how them the gleam of

revels begin

Child: You want what you want, and what you want is to
inflict pain on others. There are no rationalizations for you,
no grandiose schemes of damnation and corruption. Your
will is to make others suffer for your pleasure. You may seem

playful, but if you are thwarted in your whims, your terrible

anger is unleashed

Defender: You defend not the weak and the innocent,
butrather those whose corruption might be snuffed out early
before it has a chance to blossom fully, No harm is allowed
to come to your charges, save that which you inflict for your
own purposes.

Fanatic: You follow Via Diabolis in its classic form and
dedicate yourself utterly to the Road's service. That dedica-
tion helps keep you sane.

Gallant: You see yourself as an idealized villain —
the kind of monster who sets ladies' (or men's) hearts
fluttering. You aspire to grandiose accomplishments,
charisma and immense personal style. Never settle for
killing one when you can killa thousand; never settle for
betraying one prince when you can betray an entire fief
In the end, you want the bards to tell your story forever
— make it an interesting one, so that your lessons are
retold for centuries.

Innovator: The old ways, the laws of God and man, are
dead, and your goal is to drag existence kicking and scream-


OTHER ROADS

Integrating a Diabolic character into a coterie
whose members follow other Roads be difficult.
Some approaches that you can take include:

Philosophy: All Cainitess the Devil. There-

helping other vampires isn't altruism — it's
iniquit

Material Gain: Cooperating with a group is
always safer than working alone. Other hands and
other minds set to do one's bidding can greatly in-
crease the amountof evil one can work. Of course, the
tick is in not having the others realize what they are
actually doing.

Necessity: For one of many reasons, the charac-
ter needs or depends on the other characters. Perhaps
the coterie is moving through hostile territory, and

ery sword is required to ensure survival. Alter-

, the coterie might share another overriding

goal, one that demands the talents of even a vampire
on the Devil's Road.

Corruption: The Cainite believes that he can
corrupt the other characters, even though it might
along and difficult process. The chronicle's journey
provides ample opportunity for him to do so.

The Blood Oath: One of the two characters
involved in an oath might be on the Road, and she
might bend all of her will to convert the other.

ing into this brave new world along with you. You're interested in novel
ways of demonstrating the truth of creation — custom is a crutch for
people without the courage to make their own rules.

Jester: Reality is a joke, perpetrated by the Creator on all of his
poor souls, and it remains to you to show everyone else the nature
of the grand jest. No, life is not kind — it's a horror show, and
you're just the one to strip the illusion away from others' eyes.

Of course, no one listens to you directly, so you have to use
the tools at your disposal — give yourselfa laug!

as others cry. The lessons are so much more effective

that w:

Judge: You have been created to pass judgment on
the world, and you find it unworthy. It deserves the
desecration and pain that you unleash. If you were to find
something of pure innocence, something that had not
earned your fury, you would spare it — but nothing yet
has caused your convictions to shake

Loner: As you are alone, you shall make others
alone. Society and its pretenses are your target
you tear down the structures others have built to ¢


defend themselves against loneliness. Your goal is to show
that all companionship is transitory, that all alliances dis-
solve in betrayal and that, in the end, everyone walks alone
into the darkness.

Monster: Via Diabolis offers you a chance to express
yourself without let or hindrance. In truth, your Via encour-
ages yout monstrous nature. By following your Road, you
bring yourself into harmony with your true self.

Penitent: Caught in an endless cycle of self-loathing,
you work your will on the helpless world — then do the same
unto yourself. You see the need for what you do but despise
yourself for doingit. Mortify the world and mortify your flesh
—both are equally important to your fragile hold on sanity.

Rebel: Pick something to rebel against and go to work.
The fall of the institution — be itthe Church, anoble family
or even your sire — should shake others' faith to the core.
Rebellion against something inconsequential means noth-
ing. Rebelling against the bedrock of others' existence
advances the goals of the Via.

CAINITE HERESY

Rogue: You do what you like, a philosophy that dove-
tails nicely with the Via's stated purpose. Your pleasures
and whims are cruel and bloody, and indulging in them at
random does much to deny the notion of benign, ordered
existence. How can anyone believe in a kind and loving
God when, at any moment, you might descend like the
scourge of Heaven?

Survivor: Your mere existence in the face of the oppo-
sition of Heaven drives you onward. Every trap you outwit,
every debate you win, every servant of light that you make
look foolish is an affirmation of your philosophy. The fact
that you continue to exist is a bloody flag waved at Cre-
ation, and you intend to keep that banner in motion as long
as possible

Tyrant: You brook no argument with your taste for
atrocity. Not only is it imperative for you to do the Devil's
work, but others must do it as well, and by your command.
It is not enough for you to follow the Devil's Road; you
must herd others along it, without delay or question.



suonparoid aya 3sa7 GuNY 3 axB4 pynom ay ‘os 40 sIVAA
parpuny Araaq "sodion our puassap 01 awoy Japun squio>
2eieE) ay? UL JJPsuTY paraioas ay "Anypena9e UT "seq aU
02 Surusnaar sem ay yey sOUNNY peards sn‘saye_ ‘Buyssayq
sadog ay) ures or sidwane payrey snorawnu yy
"ped snnas9j@_)
paureg nuuosUT pue eIquIOseT] BYP YAOg MOU 04 ‘JOABMOY
‘ous sty Buipioae sv Asva se aAoid OU pjnom adog oy
Suryseay "puryaq snuyjaxgy yo] Pue YOM snIso]A2D ‘291U9\,
ur 1y3noy oan ay ‘PHY sty UreNser oy WOYD UE UF WHY
ypin dem aup joared payaaen snuqjargy "Burssayq jedeg aataoor
pue adog aya 01 jfoswiy auasaid pjnom ay ay pase}sap
Aypjog aH sem oyp Suoye Suryovad ayn ‘owoy or po]
Abia snnasa]@e7) ‘s1usuoddo sty wo aply UeYp IyLeY,
podounsap jjasuny
snnasajzQ puke pa1da]]o> a1 Jo saidoo |e
foddrp jo sunsnsiny jo uonuane ap o1 snnsa]ae_Q IYBNoIq
urede ‘{yapim parejnoato Yorya GuawNoop SIL "FO LIF
UL uaaaTa GnseaeD sauonnufec ,snIase|~2D 40J siseq at
uno} 2Y saIegap asayp st IY Asaud ouTUeZkg Buns e
‘smdosorg yam paregap ay ‘aut sryp Surangy "syuauEIse |
MAN PUR PIO ay? Jo UONPreIdzoyUF ayUTED vw BurYyDear
aiaya * snsoydg ur asatid & auresag ay ‘wry uodn prey
pey pouds aya aeyp ueg ay BuTLOUsy "uOIpUOD mau sty O7
paadepe Appinb snnsapaeo ‘a8epaana snuyjazgy 1apup

parapio oy

SAUHH HLINTHD

+ snsoydg ut dn Burpua sea papery
pue a8eyed yey oma aya ‘oyr030]
"wy 0} auTeD ay pasidsur ‘ysanyS ayp asurese uoH]aqaz
yy
"yelnag [eso] e ‘snyyjazqy jo UoNUANY ay) UMEIp BULLY,
soye 1y8tu ay om! pareaddesip snnsapeg "yNN UT
sear sty
uo poo8 Sunjew amnoyrm adeyued wow poystuea uy
ing ‘awoy ut adog ay) 02 uoIsioap ayp Jeodde o1 pamoa

onary ay2 areiq,

Suo]e ‘]]1M da Jo asuazop ur soypaads ,sn1as9paxC)

snnisaazg ‘921yJo sno1Bt]a4 Aue Woy; WTY pouueg pouds ay
ynsai & se pue ‘UEDA 02 pasnyoz a} "}[aswTY SUNsNINy
YA udyo ‘"saBrey> aya ponsre AysnosoB1a snias9j2D_
pouds ¥ arojaq Asazay Jo savy pares sniasa]aec
Sead e ueyp sso] UT ‘azy JopuN awe rYyy SBuUNUA sty
pue sniisajaec sea at ‘9]doad aya o1 paypeard smiBejag apy Ay,
soaBtyor OM] ay Pip URL suts s,AqTueWINY Jo aMeU ay
uo smata quazayIp Alaa pey oyas ‘oddrpy Jo ausnBiny Jo ems
ay zapun sem euaze jestopoayp saseyuey ‘AjareunUojUA)
a1ayP YOM Noy? anuUE. 01 Surdoy Yaypasor aseyaze
01 pay snisejag pue snnsojee "sBurya paadnusur "4-5
Olb UI WROD ayp SUEY Aq aMIOY Jo xDeS AYA UAAAMOFT
"Aso1ay ueldejag
dup Jo uoLepunoy ay paonposd uoU om ay ‘JOYyI2B01
BuPpop ‘a[diosip s,ueM rapjo oya ewWodxq 03 Paplo
ap sa1sSuno4 aya ‘seapr sewSesd snqasajzeD ano 1v9q
spiom paystjod pue ewsieyo snidejog yorym ur syuoW
"nue Jo aquinu v Jayy "]]1a 904 pue UIs Jo omneU oy
anoge seap! XopoypsoUN owos YarM ULU Jpjo UE ‘sNIsE]9q
JOU snIasayaeD Jey solVqop BuLuaAd dsoUp Ie SAL I]
‘aveqap pareay pue
asnqor jo Buruaaa ue apraoid 01 uo paiunod UeUT ese AWOY,
ut uoreandar ¥ pautes uoos apy "Iutod sty pare? Uayo sou
299109 s1ay UO aduUaIsisUT WOGAMAS sty ‘a1ajdwoour Uayo
229m pur Ystfod payer] stuauingre sry apty yy 1 SuLApnas pip
ay se Aroayp snor8rya SumnBie aun Yonut se uads ay SuouL
cep e se awOY UT YDINYD ayp Burazas "yANod sy UT "We PIU
Jo JIN e SB SNNSa}WD aquosap J2A9 P]Nom 20 ON

SLL]
AHL SMLLSHIY,)

‘soypo ay 0 pea] ued duo

AF yDuvas ay SoUTHIAWOS "YoINYD ayp 40} AporeUMEFUA)
"sxa1SuOUT JO} Youeas SI UT URYA SoTAI94

JO} YouEas sa UT TUETIS1A atu Jey st YoINYD ay "2}qnop

Azaa0astp Jo saouey ay ang ‘sMoT]93 INO jo AuedwIOS ay

ur xvyaz ued Nod — uaping pappe ue pur Jatyoz v A[snoau
-eyjnuns s1 sa1ay pur ardwea og aq of "saw yep
asayy ur — duis Aue jo — snazay e Bulag Woy UATE
08 10U $s] aoualsIxa a1TuTeD ‘paapuy "ysnzy wes Nod Woy
May 199]98 asoY 01 A[UO J]9SINOA BuyPeaaos puL spe10UL
woy ainieu anai anos Surpry suvaur aatured e Burog


around the Pope and preach to any Cainite who would
listen. As the Papacy moved around
followed; upon failing to receive the Holy Father's bless-
ing, he again returned to his torpor in whatever dark
place was at hand.

rope, Czelestius

The time of Caelestius' next awakening is close. During
his last venture outside, he came as close as he ever has to
reaching the Pope and revealing his true nature. This time,
he may well succeed. The safety of all Cainites is in danger
should he actually achieve his aims. The resources of various
clans are being put on watch across Europe, as none know

precisely where the Heretic will appear. The only certainty
is that the well-being for all of Caine's childer demands that
he be stopped.

FATHER PAUL OF
LEGATI A

MEssINA,
LATERE

Short, fatand balding, Paul is hardly the typical inquisi-
tor. His face is friendly and his manner is jovial — he seems
always ready to listen to any story and to add a little laugh of
his own at the end. People find it easy to trust him, to open
up to the kindly uncle from Rome. Behind Paul's laughter
and smiles, though, is a wrought-iron will dedicated to
preserving the Church he loves.

The third son of poor nobility, Paul spent nearly his
entire life in the service of the Church —first as a student,
then as deacon and priest. His compassion encouraged
people to open themselves to him, a talent he applied in his
parish to root out the handful of dualists hiding among his
flock. Once these heretics had confessed their sins under
torture, Paul assured them that he forgave them and
presided over their burning, to ensure that their souls
would reach Heaven.

When news of Paul'sactions reached Pope Clement III,
the Holy Father had the priest assigned to a troubled parish
outside Rome. Here again, Father Paul proved effective at
finding and persecuting heresy — this time a poverty cult
that had recently formed. After this success, Clement III
made Paul a legati a latere, thus enabling him to act in the
Pope's name.

With his new authority, Father Paul traveled to Venice,
Milan, Pisa and other major cities in Italy. Everywhere he
went, he was diligent in discovering major and minor
heresies. On some occasions, he even encountered periph-
eral members of the Cainite Heresy. It was the reporting of
these encounters to the new Pope, Celestine III, that led to
Father Paul's new assignment.

Celestine III brought Paul back to Rome, and in secret
showed him the forbidden text of the Definitiones Caelesti.

This blasphemous document hinted at the darker nature of
the Cainite Heresy and the secrets its true masters hide. The
Pope charged Father Paul to search out and destroy this
Heresy specifically, wherever he could find it, to the exclu-
sion of all others

For the last few years, that is exactly what Father
Paul has done. His early efforts were nearly disasters, as
he overestimated his own influence and underestimated
the support and strength of his opponents. His faith
alone sustained him in those dark times as he barely
escaped Madrid and Castille with his life. Quickly, he
adapted; hand-picked Church soldiers and priests now
travel with him.

With each passing year, Father Paul becomes more
dangerous to the Cainites he pursues. He has learned some
of their weaknesses and their typical habits, as well as how
to spot their eager servants. He has also adapted the
tortures of confession by adding more flames and wooden
stakes to the process. However, he cannot be everywhere,
and it takes time to gain the confessions of those hereti
whom he does catch

Whether Paul will retain his legati a latere status
under a new Pope seems questionable; agents of the
Cainite Heresy are actively discrediting him in the eyes of


the Papacy. Losing the support of the Pope would be a
serious blow to Father Paul's efforts — but likely not the
end of them

Hucu Marston

There was nothing Hugh Marston liked more than the
sound his sword made when it cracked bones, and he heard
a lot of that during the First Crusade. Fighting on foot or
from horseback, Hugh thrived on whatever violence he
could find battling the heathen. When that Crusade ended,
Hugh returned home to Lincolnshire to sell his sword and
services to whomever could pay his price

One of his employers was a Saxon Ventrue, Anders,
who was engaged in fighting a losing battle to maintain
control over northern England. When the money started to
run out, Anders resorted to a blood oath on his commanders,
including Hugh. Hugh considered the new powers his
ghouling bestowed a blessing and put them to good use in
Anders' employ.

In 1142, however, Anders' defenses finally failed, and
the Cainite's enemies staked him out for the morning. With
the rising of the sun, Anders ceased to be and Hugh was free
of his oath — but not of his need for blood. Escaping the cell

Anders' killers had placed him in, he searched England for
a new source of vitae

With his knowledge of Cainite behavior, Hugh
found new masters easily, and he exchanged his brutal
skills for a taste of their vitae. He was always careful to

oid taking a third taste from any given employer,
instead choosing to move on frequently and to avoid
binding himself. It didn't take long, however, for Hugh
to discover that his services as a sell-sword were not
always sufficient to gain the vitae he desperately needed.
The news he might bring, however, often was. Word of
power shifts in vampiric society — who had sired whom,
what this clan or that clan had done — this information
became the coin Hugh used for barter with Cainites for
their precious vitae.

Hugh's search for vampires inevitably led to contact
with various factions of the Cainite Heresy. Originally,
Hugh viewed the Heresy as a means to an end: Where there
were Heretics, there would bea Cainite, and where there was
a Cainite, there would be blood. Repeated contact with the
various factions, however, slowly led to Hugh's conversion.
He came to see his condition as similar to Caine's; he, too,
had to wander the Earth and carry with him the blessing and
message of God. Soon, along with news, Hugh carried the
message of the Heresy.

Now over a hundred years old, Hugh is a canny
creature, He is quite adept at weaseling his way into
whoever's company he finds himself sharing, and through

a combination of experience and familiarity he can easily
find the local Cainites as well. Normally, this ability
would make him a dangerous opponent, but he has refined
his approach and reputation such that his arrival is a cause
for celebration, rather than fear.

AYDOLANA OF LAS
Hueicas ABBEY

Most of Adolana's life has been spent in the convents
of the Citeaux Order in Spain. Her mother died giving
birth to her, something for which her older brother never
forgave her. When she was twelve, her father died in the
reconquista of Cuenca (1177). Adolana's brother, a decade
older than she, had a servant rape her, then he sent her to
the Citeaux nunnery near Siguenza. His parting words: "L
hope you die there."

The rape left Adolana withdrawn, and she didn't speak
fora year. The nuns assumed she was a mute and kept her
hard at work cleaning the floors and walls of the nunnery
When Adolana did finally speak, it was to say, "No." Her
refusals led to beatings, as the nuns tried to teach her
discipline and respect


‘The lesson Adolana leamed instead was how to ma-
nipulate the women around her. Keen observation had
revealed to Adolana the factions in the nunnery, and she
used this knowledge to her advantage. After the first few
beatings, Adolana began to use the sessions as an opportu-
nity to plant seeds of doubt, hate, envy and jealousy in the
nuns. Rough and unpracticed at first (which led to more
beatings), her words soon became polished weapons that
fractured the peace of the order

Once the nunnery's society was hopelessly fragmented,
Adolana restored its harmony just to prove to herself that
she could do it. Taking the perpetual vow, she became a nun
herself. With soft and soothing words uttered to others who
were hurt, a hint to the abbess to have this nun or that one
transferred to Rome, Adolana carefully rebuilt the society of
the nunnery with her at its center.

Notall of Adolana's efforts unfolded in the confines of
the nunnery, however. With her new importance, Adolana
earned the freedom to travel to Siguenza and report the
doings of the nunnery to the bishop. Adolana cultivated a
friendship with him, thus making herself seem invaluable to
the operation of the nunnery. During these visits, Adolana
came to the attention of Brother Fernando, a Malkavian
Heretic hiding within the Church. In the spare moments of

her visits, Fernando discussed his particular view of the
Cainite Heresy with her and found a surprisingly receptive
ear. A seed had been planted.

In 1187, Adolana's friendship with the Bishop paid
dividends when Alfonso VIII founded a new Citeaux abbey
outside Las Huelgas and left itto the Bishop toselect the new
abbess. Adolana became Abbess of Las Huelgas and was
granted control over a dozen other nunneries in the area. A
year later, at her urging, the Bishop of Siguenza convinced
the head of the Citeaux Order to recognize Las Huelgas as an
independent chapter, answering only tothe Pope. The night
afterhe received news of this dispensation, Brother Fernando
visited Adolana

After her Embrace, Adolana granted Brother Fernando
refuge in the abbey. In turn, he taught her of the Cainite
Heresy and her new nature. The reason for her acceptance
of the Kiss became clearer to her sire a few months later,
when she traveled to her former home and paid a visit to her
brother. The last words he heard before she crushed his skull
were, "Any other wishes, dear brother?"

In the years since, Adolana has tightened her control
over the Abbey and its affiliated nunneries. Her ghouls now
occupy the highest positions, held in her thrall with the
secret communions she holds each month. The daughters of
the nobility sent to her receive special attention: They
become either servants or undergo Dementation-inspired
religious visions. Before being returned to their families,
they are instructed to keep Adolana informed of every event
beneath their fathers' and husbands' roofs, thus making
Adolana more knowledgeable than most nobles about the
affairs of the great and mighty.

BisHop ANTOINE

Antoine began his career in the Church in Paris, after
having been sent to the city to study theology. Unfortu-
nately, a bright young man of peasant stock was hardly
prepared for the intricacies of the politics he faced in Paris;
only the intervention of a certain Father David, who was
attached to Notre Dame, saved Antoine from floundering
hopelessly. It was Father David who overs
education and who taught him the necessary steps one must
take to rise in the Church. Alas, Father David was also an
active member of the Cainite Heresy, and he instilled the
belief in his young protégé. Antoine developed a talent for
politicking and languages. He showed amazing skills in both
fields within just a few short years and drew the attention of
Lord Huon, a Ventrue ruling St. Lys, in the south of France.

ww Antoine's

Upon completion of his studies, Antoine was sum-
moned to work as a clerical assistant for Huon. He worked
loyally, handling much of Huon's negotiations and busi-
ness with mortals. His facility with languages made him an
excellent translator for the Ventrue, and as the years


passed, Antoine became privy to Huon's secret life as a

Cathar and Ca

nite. To ensure the Silence of the Blood,

the young priest was made a ghoul. Antoine was careful,
however, to keep his own heresy a secret from his lord from
fear of potenti

repercussions.

When the local bishop died, Huon arranged for
Antoine to take up the appointment. In his new capacity,
Antoine acted to protect his lord, the other Cainites of
the region and the Cathar movement in general. Alas,
Antoine's work placed him squarely in the middle of a
struggle between Huon and the Lasombra Kedalion. The
Magister was a vocal opponent of the Cathar movement
who advocated instead the spread of his own version of
the Cainite Heresy

In 1190, Kedalion acted. Using Lasombra influ-
ence, he had Antoine ordered to Rome. Reluctantly,
the bishop obeyed — but he never arrived at his desti-
nation. Waylaid in Milan, Antoine was held captive by
Kedalion and thrice fed the Magister's vitae. One of
the Lasombra's agents impersonated the bishop in Rome
to prevent the arousal of Huon's suspicions. While
Huon, unsuspecting, continued to trade correspon
dence with the impostor (thus revealing many of his
plans), Kedalion was breaking the Ventrue's hold over
Antoine. Feeding him with Lasombra blood, Kedalion
sustained the ghoul while the bond with his original
regnant weakened, The process took years, but the
Lasombra had all the time in the world.

As soon as the oath was broken, the now-willing
Antoine was Embraced and blood oathed by Kedalion,
His new regnant gave him his instructions: Antoine was
to undermine and break the Cathar movement, while
replacing it with a broader worship of the Cainite Her-
esy. Returned to St. Lys, the neonate has subtly started
to do so. Huon, however, has become aware of the
change in his once-loyal servant. Both he and Antoine
have begun recruiting servants in preparation for their
inevitable conflict.


a Z = 2

qe Systems
ond Qdéenda f
}


The Cainite Heresy itself is first and foremost a matter
of roleplaying. Faith, blasphemy and damnation are fields
in which game systems can seem inadequate or comical.
However, for those Storytellers and players who are inter-
ested in making the effects of heresy more concrete in their
chronicles, here follows a list of systems and whatnot that
integrate the Heresy more fully into the rules of Vampire:
The Dark Ages.

BACKGROUNDS
Srarus

Status within the Heresy is a curious thing. As the
Cainite Heresy is rent by dissent, a vampire who is held
in high regard by the heretics of southern France may find
a distinctly chilly reception awaiting him in Moravia. All
that aside, however, Heretical Status is a secret and
formal thing, distinct from normal (or even Clan) Status
because membership in the Heresy itself is a hidden
thing. Storytellers should feel free to adapt Heretical
Status as an additional Background Trait for characters
in their chronicles and require its separate purchase at
character creation. Failing that, regular and Heretical
Status should be charted differently throughout a
character's existence; one should never be confused for
the other. The mightiest prelate in the Heresy might
masquerade as a lowly neonate outside Church walls; the
most potent Ventrue warlord might be nothing more
than a novitiate in the mysteries of Heresy, and would be
treated as such by his peers in blasphemy.

New ABILITY

New KNOWLEDGE: HERESY

The Heresy Knowledge represents how well-versed
you are in the ways of the twisted faith of the Cainites.
You know the ritual and verse of the Cainite Heresy, the
signs by which its members identify themselves and the
texts the Heretics hold sacred. You have some knowl-
edge of the Heresy's theology and eschatology, and how
it differs from mainstream Christianity. At Storyteller
option, you may also be familiar with other, human
heresies (such as Bogomilism, Carpocratianism, etc.)
and their secrets.

Advanced levels in this Knowledge bring some fa-
miliarity with the names of notable Heretics, the
organization of the Heresy and more of the secular secrets
of the sect.

. Dabbler You know the icons of the saints should
not have fangs
Student You have been indoctrinated into the
lesser mysteries and signs
Learned You know the Heresy better than some
priests know their faich

CAINITE HERESY

Scholar You could rank among the sect's
greatest theologians — or foes.
Savant Few know Heresy's face as well as you do,
from the cathedrals to the Languedoc
Possessed by: Heretics, Witch-hunters, Theologians,
Eschatologists, Priests
Specialties: Signs and Countersigns, Heretical Rite and
Ritual, Blasphemy, Specific Heresies

New Merits AND FLAws

Heretical Cainites have an existence far separated from
that of most of their fellows. By necessity, then, they have
developed unique copingmechanismsand personality quirks.
The Merits and Flaws listed below are more or less specifi-
cally intended for heretical characters, or at the very least
characters involved to some extent with the Cainite Heresy
Beyond those narrow bounds, many of these Traits lose
much of their purpose.

DISILLGSIONED
1 pr Merit)

You were once of the Cainite Heresy, but no longer. You
have had the scales lifted from your eyes, and you see the
faith for the insidious monster that it truly is. You now
devote your efforts to destroying the Heresy, and you have
the advantage of knowing how it (or at least the fraction of
it to which you were exposed) truly works. You work as
openly as you can, trying to raise allies (mostly unwitting)
and expose corruption without destroying yourself in the
process. Nevertheless, the Heresy has noticed your efforts,
and may well make efforts to end the threat you represent
very soon...

LIKENESS OF A SAINT
pr Merit)

Through some quirk of fate, your visage is identical to
that of one of the saints whose image is commonly enshrined
in the region where you dwell. How you trade on this
coincidence is up to you, but you are at -1 difficulty in all
Social situations with persons who have especial veneration
for the saint in question.

‘WELL-PLACED CONFESSOR
(1-3 pr Merit)

Either you or someone you control has obtained the
position of personal confessor toa figure of some importance
Ie could be a local lord, an abbot or even a king (the cost of
the Merit fluctuates with the relative importance of the
individual). As confessor (or patron of the confessor), you
have access to the content of the individual's confession,
which may well include tidbits of extreme political impor-
tance, blackmail material or salable intelligence. Whether
you honor the sanctity of the confessional is up to you; the
information is in your hands to do with as you will


(Note: In some cases, but not all, royal confessors
also function as trusted advisors. Serving as or control-
ling a confessor of this sort immediately ups the cost of
the Merit by a point, as the character's influence now
extends further than it might otherwise. Storytellers
should be very careful in defining the sort of individual
attached to this Merit; handing out kings lightly is a
recipe for disaster.)

LIBRARY OF HERESIES
2 pt Merir)

You have access to one or more of the core texts of the
Cainite Heresy in some form. Whether those texts are
complete or not, accurate or not, or even legible or not is up
to the Storyteller. What matters is that you know what you
possess and you know what it is worth, both to yourself and
to others.

IVING ICON
4 pt Merit)

You have a band of mortals convinced that you are,
in fact, a saint or other divinity of some sort, perhaps even
the Messiah. Your followers do not doubt your divine
status for an instant, and they follow your every command
within their capabilities. Their devotion is such that they
gladly give up their lives for you, either as sustenance or
to root out any who blaspheme against you. Your band of
worshipers is, of course, limited; the population of a
single village is about the most you can expect without
unnecessary complication.

The only fly in the ointment of this scenario is a simple
one. Should your followers ever be convinced that you are
not in fact divine after all, they are sure to turn on you with
all the fury they can muster. Furthermore, it may not take
very much —say, the appearance of another Cainite whose
powers are as impressive as your "divine" ones — to trigger
such an adverse reaction.

MIRACLES OF THE FAITH
(S pr Merit)

Somehow, in some way even you don't understand,
you are able to conjure miracles. You cannot do so on
command, or even very often, but when the power comes
upon you, the results are impressive. Fountains turn from
water to blood, bread turns to flesh and other such
impossibilities occur in your presence, usually when you
need them to manifest to convince unbelievers or inspire
the faithful.

The source of your powers is unknown, though you most
probably see it as a mark of divine favor. Whether ornot that
is actually the case, or if there are darker powers involved, is
a question you prefer not to examine.

(Note: This is an extremely powerful Merit, with pro-
found repercussions for both characters and players.

Storytellers should be very careful when allowing players to
use this Merit and should feel free to restrict or ban it.
Incidences of the Merit's manifestation should also be kept
strictly under Storyteller control, and the Storyteller is
under no obligation to make all of a character's "miracles"
beneficial ones.)

Cynic
pr Flaw)

Your faith is less than a perfect faith. While this condi-
tion, in and of itself, may not be a bad thing, someone has
noticed the flaw in your reverence. It may be a superior
within the Heresy, it may be your devoted followers, or it
may be a rival who wants to get past you to ascend in the
Church (or Heretical) hierarchy. In any case, your standing
within the Heresy has been damaged by your inability to
conceal your true feelings.

BLASPHEMER AMONG HERETICS
(-2 pr Flaw)

While the Cainite Heresy itself rests somewhat outside
the bounds of Christian orthodoxy, your particular flavors of
theological imagining are bizarre even by Heretical stan-
dards. You no longer stand within the Heresy itself but he
been expelled; you have both the Heresy and the faithful as
your enemies. If your blasphemy is minor and you still have
friendly dealings with other heretics, this flaw is worth 1
point; otherwise, it is worth 2.

ELAGELLANT
Q pr Fiaw)

Your particular flavor of devotion includes the prac-
tice of self-flagellation. You scourge yourself with whips,
wear a hair shirt or otherwise inflict suffering on yourself
as an act of faith. Although others may or may not react
poorly to this behavior (in some circles, after all, it is a
sign of great holiness), being a flagellant does mean that
you run through a great deal of vitae to sustain and heal
yourself after routinely receiving the sort of beating a
Cainite can inflict. In addition, at any given moment you
are likely to be down one or two health levels from self-
inflicted wounds

KNown HEreTIC
Q pr Fiaw)

You were known and denounced as a heretic of some
sort before you ever received the Embrace, and indeed had
some notoriety for your blasphemies. Whether you were a
Cathar perfecti, preached your own version of the gospel or
denounced the Papacy, you made a name for yourself as an
enemy of the true Church. Witch hunters and scions of the
Church are likely to recognize you, and to show you no
mercy as a result. Furthermore, if your death is common
knowledge, such recognition is likely to bring down an

SYSTEMS AND ADDENDA


intensive Church investigation whose results are likely to
be unpleasant

Furthermore, your notoriety is such that you may find it
difficult to locate converts or friendly congregations. In
regions where your particular brand of heresy is unwelcome
(for example, if you were known as a Cathar perfecti and
tried to find adherents along the Baltic coast), all rolls
relating to Social matters are at +2 difficulty. This effect is
reversed when you are on friendly ground, but odds are that
there is a great deal more unfriendly territory out there
waiting for you.

FANATICAL DEVOTION
G pr Flaw)

You are of the heretical faithful, to the point where
your devotion overwhelms all worldly concerns. You

pray and make your devotions to the exclusion of all

else, even forgetting to feed until desperate hunger
drives you to do so. (Of course, by waiting till the last
minute, you run the risk of feeding indiscriminately and
thus committing acts sure to require repeated acts of
repentance, which will drive you deeper into your prayers
until you hunger again....)

To tear yourself away from your religious duties
(often self-imposed) requires a Willpower check (dif-
ficulty 7). It is also flatly impossible for you to do
anything that contradicts the tenets of your faith. The
expenditure of a point of temporary Willpower might
make such acts possible under extreme circumstances,
though you may feel compelled to make some great act
of contrition afterwards.

ScourGEp BY Gop
(5 pt Firaw)

God has decided to punish you for your sins of heresy
and blasphemy, and He torments you both night and day for
your crimes, Dull peasants shine with the light of True Faith
when you try to feed upon them, the light of the sun finds its
way into your chambers by day, and a chorus of angelic
voices haunts your pitiful sleep. The effects of this persecu-
tion are obvious to all; your appearance is haggard, you
occasionally manifest wounds or stigmata, your face is often
litby ahellish glow and other marks of divine disfavor appear
about your person.

The actual source of your punishment is unknown, but
as far as you're concerned, it's God punishing you, and
that's that. Who knows? You might even be correct. A few
Cainites cursed with this Flaw choose to see it as a badge of
honor, as laldabaoth's attempt to punish them for seeing
the truth. Such vampires are proud of their afflictions and
parade them openly

Characters thus afflicted by the Lord of Hosts suffer
several disadvantages. They are at +2 difficulty on all rolls
involving Appearance, they actas a magnet for mortals with
Truc Faith (who somehow unerringly know how to find the
blasphemer), they find themselves down blood points or
health levels at inopportune moments due to some sort of
supernatural intervention, and True Faith punishes them
twice as severely as it afflicts normal Cainites. Other, more
spectacular effects are left up to the Storyteller's whim.

(Note: This Flaw, like the Miracles of the Faith Merit,
should be used very carefully.)


It is the time of the Red Pentecost and the Albigensian Crusade.'Soon the
Third Caine will walk the land, tearing asunder the world of illusion and daring
to face the rage of unholy laldabaoth, the Womb of Creation. In the sleepy towns

* of France and the cities of Italy, the adherents of heresy await, the
taste of blood on their lips and only the purest flame of devotion in
their hearts.

The Cainite Heresy tears away the veils of secrecy from
this most profane and devout sect of vampires. Learn now
how high the tendrils of Cainite influence wind in the
Lateran Palace. Discover the unholy rites and initiations

the Heresy practices, its hidden signs and rituals. All of
the darkest secrets of the foulest heresy ever known await
your pleasure within, though be warned: Such knowledge

is not for the weak of heart — or of soul.

The history of the Cainite Heresy and the
other heresies that fed and nurtured it
Secrets of the See of Nod and the
Crimson Curia, unholy influences within
the Church itself

The methods of seduction by which
even the purest soul may be drawn into.

< blasphemous heresy, and more

GAMES FOR MATURE NiNDS
