# File: Cairo by Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

"a-clt@ sourcebdok for vampité; the Masquerade® .


Aigo

By C.A.SULEIMAN

Vampines create by Mark Reix® HAGen


Creprrs
Written by: CA Suleiman,

‘Vampire and the World of Darkness created by
Mark Rein® Hagen

Project Consultation: Khaldoun Khelil

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark
ReineHagen

Developed by: Justin Achilli

Editors Carl Bowen,

Art Direetor: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: Mike Dans

Becky Jollensten, Drew
an Venus

‘ront Cover Art: Lawrence Selly

‘cont & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

srHor's DEDICATION
This book is dedicated with lave and ge
my parents: To my father for rhe letter and the ly
my mother, for the wonder and the word.
Dedication on thisbook mustalso go our to the mary
who fought and died in the Middle Ens during its writing
With love, and the enduring hope cat yoursacrfices may
at least help pave the way for lasting peace.

‘Spectan THANKS
Twould be remis if did not give eredit here where
is certainly due. First and foremost, yery special
thanks tomy friend and mentor, Harry Heckel, whohas
given me more than he'll ever know — most of which
lies outside the scope of this project. And the most
sincere of thanks comy «wo patron saints, Justin Achilli
and Jiames Estes Looking Eagle, without whoxe p
d support I never would have rounded the h
this labor of love. Toall the rest of you whol
me along the way: You are not forgotten hen
simply too many in number
Trut Udhank

2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Allnights reserved. Repto:

735 PARK HORTH BLID, duction without the written permission ofthe publisher isexpeesly
Sure 28 forbidden, except for the purpas
anpire the Dirk Ages

ter sheets, which may be reproduced for perso
Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade,
Cuaisron, GA 3002 Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness,
USA and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West,
Maye the Sorcerers Crusade, Weaith the Great War, Trinity, Cairo
and Blood Sacrifice ate trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing. Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company o¢ product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned

nk charac
use only. White

Game Supt

by Night, Yearof the Scarab:
All characters, names, plac

‘This book uses the supernatural forsettings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are

fiction and intended for entercainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reailer discretion ts
advised

Fora free White Wolf catitlog call 1-800-454-WOLE,
Check out White Wolf online «

bherpl/www.white-wolt.com; alt-games.whitewolf and rec. games frp storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA. Ciaslen
az


OH

CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION: THE DULS¢ OF MILLENNIA 6
CHApTeR Ont: SinsorTHe FATHERS: A History of CARO. 18
Cuapter Two: BLoop AND SAND:GEOGRAPHY ANDTHE UNDEAD 48,
CHApTER THREE: BROTHERSIN ABMS: DYRAMIDS OF DOWER 72
Cuapter Four: Deap AMONG THE Dead: THe DAMNEDOFCAIRO 80.
CHAPTER Frve: UMM &L-DUNYA: STORYTELLING CAIRO.

Appenpix: SHADOWS IN Dust: THe Hippen Host



How shall I go m peace and withone sorrote? Nay, not without a wound

in the spirit shall I Leave this city: lang were the days of pain I have spent within
fts walls, and fom meness, and who cam depairt from his

pain and his alonen,
—Kablil Gibran

Older than rime sits as a gleaming gem amid

harbinger of something more terrible



Mistress of broad provinces and fruitful lands, boundless in profusion

of buildings, peerless
learned and ignore
the nable andthe hase

beauty and splendor, she shelters al
the grave and the gay, the prudent

like the waves of te sea she surges with her throngs

vu will of he
he foolish,

of folk... her youth is ever new despite the length of days. Her reigning star
never shifts from the mansion of fornine
—Ibn Batuta, Rihla (The Journey)

THe Crry

TRIUMPHANT

The dazzling city of Cairo has worn numerous faces
and names throughout her long and offen glorious
history. From her younger dys as the Biblical city of
(On, known as Heliopolis to che Greek astronomers and
philosophers who traveled perilous leagues rostuxly the
mysteries of her stars and sands, to the Roman fortress
of Babylon-in-Egype which, in tum, grew surrounded
by the expanding Arab cities of Al-Fustat, AL-Askar,
Al-Oatai ind, finally, Al-Oahira. It is the City Trium-
phant. Dubbed thus originally for the curious
Circumstancessurroundingher Fatimid foundation, the
name has proven consistently accurate gainetheless
The prize of conquerors che world over, men have
waged campaign upon bloody campaign against one
unother for the right to her charms, From the caliphs of
Baghdad, Damascus and Tunis to the Turkish sultan
and Napoleon himself, her list af would-be suitors reads

like a who's who of military history. Several times the
empire that the tip of
tic Sea, she has spent violent millen:

nia earning the grandest of her names,

Then come the many colorful sobriquets that she
as eamed by virtue of her splendor 5
Cairo, City of Cities, Jewel of
of Islam, Mother of the World. Fro
the renowned Muslim traveler Ibn Ba
ful tales of Sir Richard Burton's Arabian Nights, the city
of Cairo has been a source of infinite wonder and
inspiration for centuries. Throughout het impressive
existence itscems that she has left no visitor untouched
by her splendor, no scholar unrewarded by her con
stancy, nor any traveler anything but awed by her
magnificence.

Tecan be truly said that Cairo was founded on the
paradox of change as a means of ensuring stability
Since the area's first settlement, the city has undergone
8 process of continuous (and often chavtic) rein
tion. Originally situated on the eastern bank of the

etched fro

Ianooacton Toe Pus o Nuun
1


Where the river fans out into tich, arable farmland, all
subsequent building on the site has had to fallow the
progress of the delta, which has been creeping steadily
north due to Africa's desiccation. Tonight, the site has
outrun the growth of its eternal companion, and the
delea currently sits several miles to the north of where
it lay during the age of the Pharaohs.
The city has been built and rebuilt countless times
he Arab conquest of Eeype nearly 1400 years ago,
"sive construction adding more and
ntless pursuit of the delta. What had
once been the city centers became the outlying areas of
v nyc la ad the result is a modern me-
and scope, coveringa total area
les, In response to (or as a direct
he people of Cairohave made the
world. To hee teeming millions

with each sue

more in its rel

resultof) this growth
city the whole of th

to many outsiders), Cairo is the souice
and the hub of all Egyptian life.

Yet forall her richness of culture and history, Cairo is

under the weight of her own years. The

ven her the me to witness her own

. ly, grancingherthe sad opportunity to

sce all her radiance tamished ae the hands of her own

ity grown wey

children. Her fragile sense of a singular identity, and the

constant threat of the complete destruction thereof, has

been a plague more persistent than those that swept

through during the Dark Ages, beinging death to her

populace apace thereafter. The fact that Egypt did not

hhavesan Egyptian ruler between the reign of Nectanebo IT

and that of Gamal Abdel Nasser —an unthinkable span

of almost 24 centuries — has played an undeniable role in

the formation of the Cairene mindset, and the city's
nightly with this legacy.

many nights of blood and

c, she haw remained the brightest of beacons int

ad shiftingsand, 2 eonstantstarin a sca of endless

ka little older in the light, and her

of chaos and hardship in these

pow that she yet remains the mother of

their world. And to them, regardless of her guise or

an, the City Triumphanc she has always been

und, by the grace of Goud, shall remain evermore.

How to Use
THis BooxK

This book tepresentssomething of adeviation from
the norm, to those familiar wich other Vampire "by
Night" supplements, Thedistinction between Cairo by
Nightund its predecessors liesin its versatility. This city
set the scene for a Storyteller to ake her players, be

they players of Camarilla, Sabbar, anarch, independen
oreven elder characters, into the heartsatul intrigues ot
the largest city in all of Africa and tlie Middle East. In
addition to finally examining an area long neglected in
previous products, this book intends togive Storytellers
2 means by which they can push their characters full
throttle into the Final Nights.

Chapter by chupcer, Cairo by Night is broker up
into the following sections:

‘Sins of the Fathers: A History ot Cairo is a
personal narrative of the city's mortal and Kindre
histories, beginning in ancient times, winding through
the formative Islamic Age and into the modern nights
‘When pieced together, these histories provide unique
and comprehensive perspective of this moxt magni
cent of cities.

Blood and Sand: Geography and the Undead isan
overview of the sites that make Cairo the wonder that
she is tonight. Through Central, Islamic and Coptic
Cairo, tothe numerousandever-present mosquesaround
the city life and faith are inextricably intertwined here,
often leaving Cairo's vampiric denizens caught in the
middle,

Brothersin Arms: Pyramids of Powertakesalook
at the various factions at work in the city. Some vie for
power, others move in their own circles for their own,
inscrutable purposes. Cult activity, on « vampitic at
well as mortal level, is so prevalent her
Kindred often end upchoosing anallegianci of one sort
or another before it chooses them.

Dead Among the Dead: The Damned of Cairo
detailsmany of the major undead figures inthe city. The
histories, ambitions and, more often dhe) not, the
vendettas that abound in
here, setting the stage fo
tw play itself out.

Umun el-Dunya: Storytelling Cairo gives a brief
guide to Storytellers on how to run a chronicle in the
City Triumphant. Narrativeelementsandcultural back
drops are further examined here as well, rounding out
the whole of the city's long and sordid story.

Shadows in Dust: The Hidden Host is an appen-
dix — a night gallery of those behind the scenes in.
Cairo. From the stoic Inconnu Monitor to a mummy at
the core of the city's history, they are all detailed here,

Among these pages, you will find all that you need 1
create a chronicle in ane of the largest and oldest cities in
the civilized world. Through the urching gate of Boh
Zuwayla, past Salah al-Din's Citadel and around the
Cities of the Dead, through the busting lanesofthe Khan
al-Khalili, co che silted shores of the Nile itself —all af
‘Cairo's ageless mystery and grandeur laid bare for you here,
in Cairo by Night. You have only to turn the

Gross Not

8


THEME AND Moop

Teme

‘Two primary themes are at work in Cairo by Night
‘The first, the fulfillment of prophecy, figures prominently
asthe Kindred of Cairofind themselvesat the epicenter of
the unfolding saga that is the Final Nights, Caito isa city
‘ofsecrets and lies,of mysteries and things foretold in sand
andstooe. Figuresand events both past and present, have
lished the city asa focal oinein the Jyhad, and those
who know their history understand how important this
time isfor her multioudesof Kindred. Ina time of awaken-
ings and revelations, history ceases to be about the past,
pulling self into the presen with all the fury ofa waking
sod Bur with revelation comes temptation, and, asthe
Kindred often. know too well, with temptation comes
‘eternal damnation — ot the dim hope for salvation.

As the world rolls inco a new millennium, Cairo
<donceson the brink ofher own destiny. Here and now, she
will either rise to surpass her former glory, or she will
continue to fall behind, forever lost in the rumbling ude
ofprogress. Whaceverher destiny i, most believe that the
Final Nights hold some inscrutable design for this, the
Morher of the World. And, while many of them stand
with theirbeloved city —trusting in whatever fate may be
in store for them — there are those who yet rage against
the inevitable furure, knowing that it can bring only
darkness in the end

The second theme that ie central to this hook, one
that is ofter intrinsically linked with the first, i¢ the
‘complicated und vital concept of identity. Many Cairenes
struggle to define what it truly means to be an Egyptian in
@ land that hay seen 90 much interference in its affairs
through the ages. Having spent generations batting op-
pression, some find themselves bewildered atthe prospect
‘of making their way in a land that they can truly call theit
‘own. Others; hy allen to the glittering promises af
swindlers past, are wary of the curent state of affairs,
believing the truth to be far bleaker than it appears.

‘Complex and often conflicting notions, sach as those
‘of ith and filial piety — the debe of respect owed toone's

¥y themselves out nightly within the

rule for identity. This ltr idea in particular,

nn throughout the Arab world, ino les sohere i

2t where dynastics of vampires strugele against ene
another under the heavy shadows of their sires and
sgandhites, This is one aspect that the Kindred of the
Middle Ease share with their Western brethren: In areal
and dict sense, one's lineage marks and bestows in him
iahostof innate traditions and responsibilities. Drawn out
through centuries, however, the purity of cause often
trecomes lost in bitterness for its own soke, and bitterness

ning to

ferments in tum into unteasoning hatred, threat
consume those who follow blindly the mistake:
past. The harsh lesson that history is doomed to repea

ltself is cme that Cairo's undead so often learn firsthand,

Moon

Cairo is a city of unresolved conilict and subtle
unspoken tension. Throughout the city, a feeling of tem
poralsignificance growsnightly —asense of millenn
i you will — as if present strucules will unde

determine the fate of the city for centunes to «i
Indeed, Catro has reached a turing point, When conflict

survival with an almost apocalyptic fervor, and even the
‘most powerful among Cairo's Kindred suffer this pervasive
state of mind, Elders scrutinize the smallest events, obsess
ing over every enigma with the hope of unraveling this
inexplicable dread. For many, an underlying sense of
awakening lingersat the edge oftheir perceptions, asf the
ancient gods of Egypt will nse, demanding an accounting
for crimes long forgotten. For alla heightened awatene
broods —a sense that these nights have a tmeani
importance heyond ordinary comprehension, The city of
Cairo stokes the fies of ambition in the willful and sends
the imesolute cowering to their havens,

‘This mood isboth subtle and ubiguitous, and itehould
nor paralyze ancient vampires with stupidity or give

the power to exploit city residents wih aban»

don. Italso does not mean that all Kindred fear that sone
ancient power is rising to devour them. Instead, it acts as
a faint (if constant) reminder that things ate no as they
scem at first glance, even to the undead, Although most
keep their unease well hidden (when the
aware of it at all), the tane of the touches every heart
with anxiety and fear, staining every thought and hope
and dream,

THe DAMNED

To a large extent, Cairo herself is a symbol of the
agonizing paradox that isKindred undeath. The oldaxicm
about being careful what you wish foris nowhere any truct
than itis in Caito, where time itself ts ecome both the
‘weopon and the wound. Many of Cairo' vampires trace
their lineage back to their "dynasty" founders — those
‘vampires orginally claiming their right to domain while
the city was spreading her wings during formative pericals
cof mortal expansion. Many of these founders have since
fallen by the wayside, eventual (and some would say
inevitable) casualtiesin the Warof the Ages, leaving their
<escendants squabbling over iswes of klcology, tertiary
and revenge.

(One of Cairo's most obvious cla
staggering number of undead. Even hy the

(moose Ti Pas or Mun

9


guideline, which 1s mrely followed to the letter in the
‘Middle Rast, the sheer size of the area alone allows for the
acknowledged presence ofseme 200 vampires. Addo this
the status of Caito as both open to Kindred regardless of
haven for the downtruden clanless,
and the result is one enormous and potentially dangerous
melting por of bodies and ideas. Some of the vampires in
however, have made ita nightly order of business
wo keep a tally of who comes, who goes and, most impor-
rantly, whs stays in Cairo. Over the contuties, the prince
thas been careful to make quiek and efficient wse of these
findings. This information, coupled with his long stand
ing edict that all are welcome to enjoy bis hospitality and
protection as long as they present themselves properly
upon entering his domain, leaves him reasonably in-
formed as co che current status of the ‘ymany undead
atany given time,

Power StRuctuRES
The city of Cai is nomminally a Camarilla domain,
bur this classification exists more asa matter of principle
th, due co the fact that it not openly infested
ibbut or any other single group. The recognized

than o
by the

prince that the city has had for the last 600 years adds t
this overall impr

sion. However, hecause of complex
notions of heritage and domain, as well as the significant
entrenchmentofclanssuchasthe Assarites, he La
andtheever present Follow ropean Cama
nerestscan hanily be considered dominant inthe eegion.
‘One of the myths surrou ie
impression that varapires of every sect
tion walk the streets feely, uncheckea by any
int Law or onder. To outsiders, the "blanc for this
nis typically laid on Prince Mukhow Bey, an
ancient soldier slave who calls himself a Mameluke and
Jay elaied domait in Caio since hefore the Convention
‘of Thoms Although his tenute as prince has indeed been,
something of on "operr-doar policy" to all Kindred, the
truth is far more cexnplicates
While the prince does allow all manner
within his chimwin,

pdeond
«9 due to several important

sice allow for the presence ofall kinds in the city, and it
certainly does take all kinds — especially in Cairo, See
cond, complicate territories hased
etitage nnd makes up the actual
of the city us far as the Kindred are concerned

iny vampire who comes to the city with proof

‘flineage within any of these "families" has the right tobe
granted immediateacknowledgementhy the actual prince,
1s longasthe family upholds the limits the Masquerade
internally. (Doing s0 is rarely a problem in a city with so
inuch blo! ta go around.) Thus, the prince acts as a

A Worpon Carenpans
For euse of reference and reader under-
standing, the "standard" Western timeline and,
its attendant terms are used in this book. The
fact that Cairo tea Muslim city at the heart of
the Arab world is neither disputed nor inten-
tionally disrespected.

rather thana supreme ruler overall the Kinaed within his
city. And lastly, itis understood among the elders that he
prince sburafledgling compared wo some who have made
the city their home since long before his arrival, and that
his chim of domain is mote o less at theit allowance.
Prince Mukhtar Bey, although he is powerful and well
respected, istruly more of a convenient figurehead than a
draconian tyrant to the undead of Cairo

"Beneath" the prince is his assembly of advisors
representatives, called the Consultative Council. Ur
the 1920s, the concept of a primogen was unheard of in
Cairo. The entine ide, distinctively European in its flavor
and eign, was disdained by the prince during the early
centuries of his domain, But when the winds of change
began to blow not only through his own land but through
all of the Mididle East, he took careful notice. When the
Sau royals adopted a Consultative Council to support
their regime in Arabia, he acted, instituting a vampiric
‘one of his own (ideally to pursue similar eruds).

"This arrangement, however, is merely the tip ofthe
pyramid — the fice: most often glimpsed by thase who
‘cannot (or will noe) perceive the whole trith, The'

Ages plays itself our quit litcrally here, as power players
take decades (andoften centuries) planning their maneu-
vers against one another, They are aspotient as gladiators
circling a timeless arena, eyeing one another's strengths
«and weaknesses. But whereas generations of shadow play
conce dominated, when huff and feimts wete the order of
the night, the time for action has finally come. The
ccouning ofthe Final Nights signals call toarms for Caito's
nany of whom believe that unless they do same-
thing, the end that they have been s0 patiently and
fervently plotting against will finally be upon them.

MOTHER OF
THE WORLD

their history and heritage as far
cairo. Although the foundation of the city

smmon name didn' arrive until the Fatimids

conquered the region forthe upstart Shiite Caliphate in
AD 969, there has heen life and community on the site

ns for millennia. The ancient Egyptians believed that
governor iver several smaller domains within bis own, Creation self ise began here, snd modern Cairo isa
Gaon Nor
10


Cairo Khittas

Banu
Ab ar-Raya

al as-Saidi

Ayncmucao TPs Man
i

Norther
Cemetery

Bamit

Al-Arraq

Southern'
Cometery


testimony to that belief, The Mother of the World
teems with life, inviting and inciting activity of every
‘essence and intent.

Of the nation's 70 million inhabitants, nearly a
thicd make the capitol and the surrounding districts

their home. (As a group, Cairenes outnumber Austr-
as, Be

Wpercenc fewer poor, andonly athied
as many children die from disease or malnutrition
within Cairo itself. In addition, ol city is the
yall important uctivity in Egypt. Half the

country's cars and industry are here, and no Egyptian
newspapersareprinted outside of Cairo. In point of fact,
‘elsewhere in the country rarely makes the front
rerhow newsworthy. Itisno wonder, then,

ime for Egype in Arabic, Hebrew, Hindi,

‘Turkish and Urdu is Masr — the name for

reyin the rongueofher own citizenty. Fromehe dawn

all has spread forth from this place, and it is to

at all inevitably returns
Like so many others around the world, Caino isariver
city, initially bul to take advantage of the critical nexus

where rumbling Nile met fertile delta, Unlike other river

however, Cairo is usique in that the sprawl of the
metropolis itelf spans the river, with no fewer than 10
inajor bridges spanning the 1500 feet of water between its
east and west banks. Covering over 200 square miles,
Cairo stretches for 25 miles north to south along the river,
with most of the city Iying on the east bunk. In older
nights, thecity'slateral spread waslimites by the Mugatram,
Hills andthe Libyan Desert — to the east and west
respectively — but recent years have acen such an ci
tion of expansion on both banks thatthe eity itself sin a
topographical uproar.

In the 1990's, Eyype's Ministry of Housing began to
iinplesnene itsplan to move neacly twomillion people out
of the city proper by establishing satellite cities in the
desert, including an enti impromptu town on the other

of the hillscalled Mugattam City. This recent rash of
nchecked and often ill-planied gruwth leaves many
concerned abour the status of further development in the
new millennium. ven the Gees plateau (considered sac
rsanet for thousndsaf years) now boasts teeming horde

J nuit shops, and tei a sepa
ict in itsown righ.

‘A living contradiction unlike any other, modem,
Cairo sings a vibrant anchem in praise of paradox. From
the honking cars: thar speed through crowded! streets
alongside ambling donkey earts toa profusion of skyscrap.
ts erected mere yards ftom ancient stone monuments, i

city of wondrous and often stark contrasts. In what
other city can a visitor tour a 4700 year-old monument,

dine on authentic French cuisine along the hanks of the
‘world's longest river and be entenained in one of many
cecablishuments eaming it che appellation "belly-cancing,
capitol of the workd," all in a single night?
‘Thecontmadictionsabound in thoughtaswellassight,
asthe work's larsest Atsh-peaking city grinds through the
present night under the oppressive and omnipresent inh
ence of its Wester past. Between Napoleon's conquest in
1798,:nelchesubsequent"Egypromaniasweepingthnough
Euwpe, tw the Brits occupation under Lord Cromer,
Cairo's Ara natives hawe seen a brutal and steady stream
cof foreign fees, finances and ideas forthe Inst 200 years
‘Thedeponingofthe royals ndNasser'sensuingnationulist
efforts have gone a long way toward establishing a land
with an identity of its own, but with the rose come the
thoms, and Exype's Langest and most wondrous bloom is
undoubtedly the one with the furthest still go.

Monrtat Society

Modem Cairo is a switling and chaotic blend,

brewed of equal parts elation and confusion. In its early

il years, Egypt was somewhat overwhelmed by

id the existing state bears the

scarsof the rather considerable growing pains that ithas

endured. Several armed conflicts, s well as yet another

(albeit brie) foreign occupation during this formative

time, have kept the young republic weak and unsettled

overall, leaving ita wild cand in the ylobat hunel of che
third millennia

One of the few constants of the city, however, lies
in its visitors, As might be expected, one of the primary
sources of income for the city is tourism. Over one
anillion visitors come each year to wimess the vastness
‘of Catro's ving history, and their equally vast expendi-
tures account for no smnall percentage of the i
annual revenue. An entire sub-econamy has speung up
around the industry, and Cairo's streets hustle with the
sank andfile of itsadministration. Over 150,000 mobile
salesmen sex up squatting shops on busy sidewalks,
while any number of the city's 13,000 privately owned
mini-buses rumble by. C yes know that a great deal
‘of money is to be made off the interestof the West, and
they are out in force night and dey in every worthy
location to be a pare of it.

Despite this lively atmosphere, the majority of the
catystillfallsin with the rest of the Thied World. On che
average, its citizens enjoy less health care, education
and prosperity than those of almost every Western
nation. In the World of Darkness, Cairo's real-world
status as the most densely populated urban area in the
world comes to the fore. The city's eamival feel takeson
a sinister, almest claustrophobic quality as teeming
throngs of bodies scuttle like beetles through erampesd
and dirty streets. Once the sun has st, crime rites soar

Gor Nor

2


and careless travelers, ns well as those Cainenes foolish
enough to walk the night ulone, tend to disappear with,
an alarming regularity. The presence of true evil walk-
ing the city's darkened alleyways adds to an already
overwhelming and ingrained superstition in the locals,
making the nightatimeof fevered whispersand huddled
prayers for Cairo's working class

Which leadsto the single most imporeantaspect of
Cairenesoeiety: faith. The vast majority of thecitizenry
is deeply religious, with the preponderance of that
number being Muslims, and the evidence of their
religion's impacton the eity throughout its long history
can he seen at every turn, Caito isaften called the "City
of a Thousand Minarets" and for very good reason, a8
‘one earinot throw a stone in Cairo without hitting one
of its myriad beautiful mosques. Five times every day,
the muezzins call the faithful co prayer from these
slirines,and the sound has come to be synonymous with
the city herself. Music and community converge under
the aegis of faith, forming 2 powerful force that bonds
Cairenesto one anocher. This communal faith is often:
the only substitute for other things of need as well. A
surprising number of the city's poorand homeless think
of themselves: as blessed, believing they have been

roxiched by God, and that the power of His love is more

than enough to carry them through their days and
nights in poverty. Many a vesitor to this wondrous city
has marveled at how happy these people can be while
they seem to have so very litte.

Crvor Denton
Cairo certainly lovesa festival, and the city plays host
to several annually, including the world-renowned Inter-
ional Film Festival in December, the 10-dhy-lorg Arabs
lustc Festival in Novemberand the Catro Book Fair, held
every January at the Exhibition Grounds. In recent years,
several anarchs have tried to make thei own marion the
city's revelry, resulting on one occasion ina peculiar
caddy known as the Pharsohs' Rally. Every October,
competitors come froin all over the globe to engage in a
rowdy ¢-wheel-drive mice through the desert, beginning
and ending ar the pyramids. Much to the irritation of the
academic community (as well as the Gangre! who dwell
there) atemprs todiscontinue the rally havebeen thus far
thwarted consistently, and the event has gamered no
stnoll measure of populuty among extreme -sportsentho
siuits worldwide. Some European Kindred, eaking a page
from the Cairene anarchs, have begun to go so far as to use
theseandd other evenrsas excuses for theirexcursionstoan
otherwise insular, unpredictable and often dangerously
exciting ety

TRAVELING TO CAIRO

Cairo isreadily and deceptively accessible by air, and
and water. The majority of incoming aie travel is taken by

Cairo International Airport, which lies about 15 miles to
the northeast of downtown Caito in the suburl of
Heliopolis. Thenewerofitstworerminals wasbuilttorake
over the servicing of mostof Egype'sintemarional alin
leavingthe fiseterminal tobe used primarily for Egype-A tr
and its many domestic and intemational

The most popular method of transport te those
centering and leaving the city is bus travel, andl services
uns every day except Saturday out of Central Caito,
The most popular bus routes travel between Cairo and
Tel Aviv, Jerusalem or ‘Taba in Sinai. Egypt's one
intercity railroad, the Egyptian State Railway, connects
Alexandria to Aswan by way of Cairo, Ir runs out of
Ramses Station in Midan Ramses and, although it isn't
‘a means of getting to Cairo proper if arriving interna
tionally, it 1s a fairly stable form of transport in the
country. River travel, although it is generally lengthy
and often unreliable, is not heavily regulated, and
enterprising Kindred can use the Nile to gain elandes-
‘ane admitcance to the city, should they feel required to
resort ro such measures

Gertins Anounp Camo

Located on, atop and across the river Nile, Cairo is
sprawling testament to its own history snd the relent
less growth of its surging multitudes, Once any foreign
Kindred have arrived in Cairo, one of the first things
thar they'll necd to learn (und fast) is a bref layout ef
thisunique city and iow tonavigate it. While most ity
residents have learned the various "tricks of the trade'
regarding such issues, newcomers to the city, lost in the
bustling and often unfamiliar tide af Cairenve ways
means, may find themselves loss to do thin
other than play ttby ear. Several options, however, soon
make themselves readily apparent.

Although the city boasts a st
more than a million cats, overcrowded! buses andl rn
buses are the dominant form of ecnveyance in and
around downtown for the majority of Cairenes. How:
ever, cravelling amid the exhaust created by these
crowded and often ill-maintained vehicles imparts the
equivalent of smoking 30 cigarettes a day. No longer
needing to breathe, the city's Kindred can make use of
these services, but most sane mortals prefer taking one
ofthe thousandsof axisthat are availableata moment's
notice. Other options in the eity include the partially
underground metro system (which is currently under-
sgoingmaisive and costly development) and its outdated
predecessor, the tram. A final option that is singular 10
this wondrous city isthe river bus terminal at Maspero,
which ferries people every 15 minutes between the east
and west banks at landing just north of the Universit
Bridge. Every second boat continues on t0 sto

brnceurno: Tez Pst oF Maxon

iE)


Manial, Giza, Mase al-Qudima (Old Cairo) and the
Nile island of Rhoda.

GLossary OF TERMS,

One of the first things that one notices when visting
Cite in the necesiity to understand the thythns of her
speech. Even those with a basic grasp af Arabic soon find
tht the Cairene dialect — slangy and sornewhat hip (all
things considered) — requines that they pay a bt of atten-
tion inordertogee the most mileage out of whatthey already
know. The following is list of rerms thar vistors will find
comma in the Midkile East in general, and in Cairo
copecially, Storytellers are encouraged t0 incorporate as
uch of this langage as they reasonably ean
chronicles se in the Mikkile East n onder tokeep thingyas
authentic ann! lavortul ay possible. Be careful of being
things down, but ws these terms to ald an exotic flavor to
your desceipions

abeyya: the women's version of the galahiyya robe
(aw)

abu father or saine

ahlal-kitabs "people ofthe book," the Muslim verm
for Christians und Jews

uuhwa: a coffeehouse

Ashirra: old-form term generically used to indi-
cute Kindred of Islamic persuasion

babs a gate or door

bakshees
ping cust

baladi: "local" or "in count
eign (for example, ibn al-

local and geossly overexpected tip.

as opposed tw for
lad: "son of the country")
bbawabs a doorman or porter
Benben: thes
believe Creation be
bey: the Ottoman tite just below pasha
birkets a lake
caliph: literally "successor." referring to the su-
prvine ruler of Muslims: also spelled khalif
dahabiyya: a houseboat
dinar: 1n Islamic coin, typically made of gold
Deir: monastery or convent
effendi: from the Turkish, « title usually applied to
jeated professionals
Eid: a feast of celebration
itary commuanaler, oF Islamic ler
an Islamic religious ruling matter
fellah: wn Eyyptian peasant (pl fllaheen)
salabiyya lg traltional robe wom by Eeyptian men
hajjs the pilgrimage to Meces, required ofall Mus-
Aims least once during theie lifetimes

or mound where Egypeans

spvernor,

Hajj: those who have completed the pilgrimage to
Meceaulso the Muslim Nosferatu of the Middle Ease

hamman: » bathhouse
hara: a lane or alley; any one of a number of
neighborhoods in the traditional quarters
hatta: the traditional scarf worn over the head by
Eyyptian men
ibn: "son of"
Tmam: a prayer leader or mosque head: also the
leader of the Shiite sect
igal: the woven rings worn around the head, over
the han
hawaga: a term of ironic respect for Western
foreigner (pl. Vawagat)
Khitta: one of a group of tribal domains, claimed by
powerful families during the city's foundation
Jotuss white water lily that was sacred to the
uuncient Egyptians
mma'allim: literally "teacher," but usually referring
toa foreman or supervisor
madrasa: aschool; formerly acollegeof Islan Law
mashrafiyya: wooden latticework commonly used
in Cairene houses, often spelled mashrablyya
Mase (MUHL-ser): the common term for Egypt as
well as Cairo; also spelled Misr
‘mastaba: literally "bench," 2 mud-brick structure
above tombs from which pyramids developed
midan: 9 town or city squa
mmilaya: black chw! usually worn over the head by
Egyptian working-class wornen
masque: the English corruption of "masid," or
place of prostratian"
smuczzin: mosque oficial whocallsthe fit fulto prayer
matron: hydrated sodium carbonate occurring in
scline deposits; sed in muramification rituals
garafa: « cemetery (the "4" is silent)
Qur'an: "the recitation," the Muslim holy rext
radh: good-natured, thyming abuse; Caitene rap,
of sore
Ramadan: the ninth month ofthe [slamiccalendar
when all Mustims must fast
wa Upper Egyptian
2 beetle regarded as sacred to the ancient
Egyptians; often representing the sun god, Ra
Sha'bs the people or the masses x
sharia: a road or street
Shari'a: Islamic law
Sharif: Descendant of the Prophet
sharm: a bay
a market
Sufiz a Disciple of Sufism, a form of skamie myaticismn

Com Nos


Cairo:
Underground Metro Network

Caito Univ
Giza Square:

Giza Railway

ELMarq
Ezbet El-Nakhl 6

FEL Matareyya
SD Hoimiet &1-Zaion
Hadayeq El-Gobba

heoxcne

« Pastor Muar
5


Sunna: the exemp!
which Sunni Islam is derived
tarboosh: a hat, elsewhere known as a fez
"Vlema: scholars of Islamic religion, tradition, and knw
mother of"
a desert watercourse; usually dry
wahah: an oasis

ry ictions of the Prophet, from

wad

‘endowment trust
zaghreett a style of dynamic vocal ululauon,

Resources

Lirrenaiune

A gaat many worksexist on Eeyptand ite wast cultural
ani historical heritage. in fact, so much has been written
‘on the rion, thar the task of finding material on poine
becomes the real challenge. A good suggestion is to
‘harow your focus of interest when studying things Eeyp-

and tailor your research tools accordingly,

Thefollowing listincludesonly those works that were
found either most useful or most inspirational during the
‘writing ofthis supplement, and it isby no means compre-
hensive, even in this context.

Naguib Mahfouz — No collection of literature on
Cairo would be complete without Mahfous. A Nobel
Laureate in Literature (1988), he is most known for his
Cairo Trilogy (1956-1957); Palace Walk, Palace of Desire
anal Sugar Steet, which offe a great kok at life in Cairo,
Other popular titles include Milay Alley, Childre
Gebelawt, The Harafsh and Arabian Nights and Days

Arabian Nights (in Arabic, "Alf Layla wat Lan" or

e Thousand and One Nights") — Although

J her famous stories have their roots in

Islamic Persi, successive versions down through the
ages paint a vivid picture of Mameluke Cairo, often in

specific deta. Bither way, these tales are not tobe missed.
‘They tealsoagteat source forliteraryallusion or legendary
symbolism in ny Cairo chronicle

Auruestierry Discr amen.

‘The material preserited in Cairo by Night
while fully and accurately researched, was com-
piled with the intent to serve a particular tory.
Cermain historical and geographicalelementshave
been overlooked, while others have been altered
outright in the interests of storytelling, and this
should be kept in mind. This book is a supple-
ment about a Gothic-Punk vision of Cairo for
‘Vampire: The Masquerade, not a doctoral the-
sis. Tall those wha intend to use this book asthe
sole bibliographic reference for theie term papers
‘on Egyptor who would complain about inconsis-
tenciesbetween this and the real world: You have
‘eon warmed.

AbuLughod, Cairo (1971) — An out-of-date study of
1,001 years of the city's history, What there is, however,
isextremely details, replete with maps,chartsand graphs
covering 4 wide range of subjects

Anulrew Humphreys, Lonely Plmet: Cam (1998) —
Don't scofl. This little "travel guide" was invaluable
during this project, and most Storytellers will find i s0 a8
well

Wladyslaw B. Kubiak, Al-Fusat fts Fouoedation and
Early Urban Development (1987) — A thorough and
somewhat dry teatise on the development cf the eibal
Kitta during the Arab conquest.

Neil D. MacKenzie, Ayyubit Cairo (1992) — Ex-
tremely focused, but terrific if you're looking for
topognsphical information dating from the period

Max Rodenbeck, Caio: The City Victories (1998) —
Anrecent addition tothe trove, this lively and chaotic tale
weaves past and present into an eminently readable and
literate whole which firmly standsasthe best overall work
many have tead om the city.

Dorothea Rusell, Medieval Caito (1963)
tractive, rambling would-be tour with m
descriptions of the city's important sites. A bit
well worth the read

Hasan El-Shamy, Fuluales of Egypt — An excellent
and engaging work that delves deeply into th
of Egyptian folklore. The result is at once very cn
ing and very edifying.

Desmond Stewart, Great Cairo Mather of the Wenkd
(1996) — A respectful and wellawritten litte overview
with a handiul of obscurely colorful anecdotes.

Helen Watsons, Wernen in the Cities ofthe Deal (1992)
—Thissmall tome isan absolute find for those looking for
‘authentic cultural wor from one of the most interesting
districts of Cairo, Written by a Fellow in Anthropology
with St. John's, Cambridge, tia fascinating look atthe
cultural storytelling tradition among Egyptian woncr

Music
Cairenes, possibly more than citizens of any other
single city, are consummate lovers of revelry and sony.
Whether to beat back the tide of despair thar grips het
destitute populnesorsimply out of areverenceforand love
of life, music has become un inherent part of the day-to-
day existence of Cainenes. Ins insistent rhythms fill theit
a, nightclubs and even marketplaces in such an

sahole aft al ccfon wi

as, the song of the city." De
aad who plot and scct

the voice af Cairo isdynamic, vociferom and very

An

This reverence is seen in every aspect of the way
Sainenes absorb themselves in their music. Take their
‘most famous songhind, Umm Kulsoum. Known as the
Nightingale of the Nile, the Lady of Arabic Song oe, more
casually, as simply al-Sir ("the Lady"), she ruled the

CaosrNor

6


retirement. Her funeral in 1975 brought over two million.
mourners to the streets of Cairo, where they kidnapped
the singer's hody, parading ic for three full miles uncl they
reached the Moxue of al-Husayn. Only the pleas of the
imam prevented her from being interred next to the head
ofthe Propher'ygeando —such was the measure of their
devotion to their beloved songstressand her music. And
ic is this universal musical spirit that provices the most
ueful inspiration to those interested in the city, eather
than airy spose gcrucs, actives or sccordingk

That being sald, there are afew typesof music thatate
either native to or singularly enjoyed by Cairenes. One
such usical style isa form of Egyptian *popol the people"
called abjeel (the generation"). It is characterized by
rayooushand-<lapping, overlaid with synthesized ruythms
and catchy vocal melodies. There is also a style called
shat ("popular"), which is considered the music of the
working class. Musically, it is cruder than aljeel and its
Iyriesa satiricalor poli
who can experience
firschand (sin fora rae (ifsomewhar unusual) trea.

Fam
Like the rest of the world, Hollywood has long been
fascinated by the mystery and stunning visual contrasts of

modern Egypt. The following are chose Westem films in
which she figures prominently, either as a backdrop or a
character in and of herself

Charlie Chan m Egypt (1935) — A great series overall,
this ofcring features both an appropriately cerke mod as
‘well aso particularly fine performance by Wamer Oland,

Cairo (1963) — This potent fil isthe finest of the
many temakesof The Asphalt Junge, containingsome nice
shots of downtown Cairo, including de Egyptian Mu
seurn und Tunnkhuanun's womb.

The English Patient (1997) — Actuntly shoe in Tani
sia this Oscar-sweeper tells the true-life account of Lasslo

sj, ungarian who sneaksaGerman spy intoCaito

WAWIL Far Gon dy gece of
Juliette Binoche, the real-life "English patient" survives
the war andl dies in Salzburg

Five Groves to Cairo (1943) — Brillane World War IL
fil, One of Billy Wikler's best, wich a great depiction of
Field Marshall Erwin, Rommel ducing his relentless drive
toward Egype's capitol

The Man From Caio (1953) — Disjointed thriller
adhout st search for gold in noredes ities.

Purple Rose of Cai (1985) — Although not particu-
larly" Egyptian esque," icisagoodfilm overall, and does go
alongway toemphasize the romance wich which the West
tends to view "the Orient."

Raadersofthe Lest Ark(1981)—Again, it isn'tactually
Ezypt, but come on... it's Indy.

Eoypriax Cinema

Thie Beypeiun film indusery sw 2 boom tn the
1940's, having prodhiced over 300 quality films by
the end of a decade in which the rest of the Arab
world had preduced only £0, in its entitety. The
industry has continued to prov since, boasting an
impressive yearly output —thtee times more than
all other Arab nations combined — and its.own
Intemational Film Festival held ancually in Cairo,
‘These native films (some 2,000 in tow by 1998)
formacollective. vibrant vision oftheeity through
Arab eyes, and are just teling about Cairens is
Hollywood fils swe about Westerners, Suluitles
‘can often be found for many of the industry's mote
noteworthy productions, ineluding the following:

Babdl-Hladid (1958) —Uninoticed when it wis
released, this powerful drama about hives in trans
ton centered around Cairo Station has grown in
popularity since, tis now considered a classic

Dead Amongst the Living (1960) —Starring the
inimitable Omar Shani, it considered the finest
adaptation of Naguib Mahfou's The Beginning aed
the End ever filmed

Gods With Us (1956) — Alsmed Badeikhan's
important film about the deamatic events leaking
up to the second Arabelsracli Wat.

cal Mohager (1994) — This film tells the epic
biblical tale of "the Emigrane" Joseph fron a te
freshing Egyptian perspectiv

ELNaser Salohel Dine( 1963) — Also known as
"Saladin the Victorious." this Yusef Chahineclas-
sic, starring Ahmed Macher in the ttle role, offers
2 very humane look ar religious wat, preaching
tolerance and honest diplomacy, while indicting
the:amtogant pursuit of glory at the expense of
human lite

Ruby Cairo (1993) — A faltering drama about a
woman searching for her dea husband's fortune
Sadat (1983) madefor-TV movie
this otherwise superficial telling of the life of the Nobel
Price-winner eacures a tere, tf subdued, performance by
Louis Gossett, Jr in the title tole
ved Me (1977) — Abh, Bond. Watch
in which our hero launches bid guy
aff the roo of the Gayer-Anderson House
Stargate (1994) — Forget the plot, just look wt the
bevy of pretty costumes, locations und set designs
‘Suaperseven Chiama Cairo (1966) — Never mind. Just

never mind.

bmemacaee Tot Ras cr Mann

nv



They spoke wo me again of you, reminded me, reminded me
tonkme back to the past, with its ease, withits joys and its sweetne
remembered heav happy I wes with you and, O my sora, [nen

they
And
ber why

itis we came apart

ctsignifiesand, most importantly, what i (and

its shortage) drives men to accomplish ot ignore. When

iny site fist brought me into this world of eternal night,

centuries ago now, my presumptions about time

nmortallity" were, understandably, chose that only

a mortal could presume, Only now, having cone this far
through the long fog of histary, do I even begin to see.

Time and the land of Egypt are, with litele measure of

‘overstatement, lmked —as brother and sister, as husband

and wife. I pen this historical record asa living testament

to theie scope, their ravages, theit paticnce and

J, above all, che awerome power thar ix theies to

A strange mirror-tale to my work om hi
‘equally as much the story of my kind as I have come to
understind it, Cairo has bome the heavy load of the
Damned for so long, and believe that to team from thar
suffering is a debt that is owed. Kindred find that many
lessons can be learned i tite...

Uhave heard it said that history
wietor. Alas, among the ut 2
Tothee uly written by those
who have shaped its course —and they are not always the
victors,

May Allah bring ever-Listing peace and prosperity
pon you.

Abd al-Rahman Ibn Khaldun, Walid Al-Muntathir

CrrvorTHe Gons

at Creation be
herein the frm ofo mound called berber birthed by the
ods cons ago from the void of nothingness, a more
Pragmatic (and less spectacular) view is m y the
Long: ago, the bind thar was to become Eyypt
ly, buried under an endless
Dat SANE FeSOUTEE, Wats

writte

verything and every

where. In time, the area gradually became a tropical forest.
teeming with an abundance of flora and fauna. Life of all
shapes and varieties, including many tribes of early his

tmans, flocked wo this budding paradise,

Guares One Sas cr aver A Hsson 0 Cano

19


‘The first mortal inhabitants of the land they came to
call Khem soon found that the price they would pay for
Heaven on Earth was to live as obedient subjects to a host
‘of deathless masters In their wisdom, the gods had chosen.
twmake the most beautiful land in Creation theirhome on
theliving plane. And it sin thisplace that theireity arose,
dotted with dazcling palaces and monuments of flawlessly
worked stone, Here the gods rested long, hot-days in
private luxury, rising alter nightfall to walk freely among,
thetr living worshippers

Although the kine lived to serve (and, indeed, often
served with their lives), the gratitude bestowed upon them
for faithful service were wonkdtous indeed. From the gods
themselves the mortals were taught new and mote eff-
cient ways to make their living community thrive. Their
sovereign lords instructed them, fittingly, on the atts of
domestication and husbandry, These techniques were
applied to everything posible, and these ancient Exgyp-
tians had soon domesticated whear, harley, sheep, goats
and cattle, Donkeys were pur to use for transport, and pi
were kept in farms outside the city. One goa in particu
taught his subjectsa deep reverence forullanimas, and it
is believed that from him that they learned to keep them
assacred aspects of the cycle of life. Some antmals, such as
the greyhound and the eat, were then given to the futhful
ascompan of their own — co be taken in to live with
them in their homes

From the other yods, the mortals leamed of commu-
nity. love, early science and design. One gave unto them
the werer of flax, which vmas grown, spun into ehecox and
‘woven into linen forthe eity'sclothing. Another, presum-
ably the designer of their own spectacular palaces, taught
the people ways to live more securely, and soon their
homes took on an even, rectangular shape, constructed of
‘ximuch better brick. Another god poured his metalwork:
ing genius into thet tools, which soon included harpoon,
hoes, spindles, lox ils for hollowing out stone
vases. The people's use of flint for blades became more
refined, and he assisted them in securing copper and other
mare metalsof theday. Yet another, one of the most favored
among the kine by all accounts, ok an active interest in
their sense of community and pride. She encouraged
recreation time to balance the heavy workload placed
‘upon them, and wasthe mast vacal peoponent of leniency
whenever transgression occurred, Onc af her greatest gifts
to them was a powerful oral tadition — # method by
which their songs and stories could live on through the
ages — and the many incarnations of this gift remain ra
this night,

As is also firing, the gods gave unto their people a
deep pander of beliefs centered upon a strong religion.
The dead, they were taught, were seen as holy — to be
treasured and revered by the living. They were taught co
sacrifice of themselves to those who passed on, and they
supplied food and other items to the dead in their aves.

"They chanted dimges to their fallen loved ones and ob:
served holy daysand nights in their names. Reverence for
the lords of eternity anid the afterlife tha avsaited them
became paramount, and itis from this greatest of traditions
that the ereatest of strules would arise. This serge —
the clash of the eldest among the undead — would come
tobe known as the Jyhad

Tue FLoop ann THe FALL

Whether due to the inscnitable workings of fare orto
a terrible hubris of its residents, the great city of the gods
was doomed, Part of the reason for this invariably les in
the face that nor even the gods dwelt among. cine another
as equals. By all accounts, 13 stood above the rest. The
‘Thirteen were the creators of the others, hough the sum
total of their progeny at the time remains unknown. One
among this Thirteen, an exile named Ser, came to the city
Jong after the others and their broods hid been dwelling
there for centuries. He was an outsider, and seemed loath
{© even attempr to fit in with those of his kind.

‘With his arrival, however, the circle was complete
All the direct progeny of the Three were at Inst brought
together im a single city — the city of the gods. It is
‘unknown why the Thirteen so strongly «desired 10 attend
‘one another here, but itis presumed to have something (0

Cao Nor

»

THUFATHER OF Lies

Aldhiouyh much is known about the legacy of |
degeneracy he left behind, what is truly known about
Set himself? Legends vary wildly about his character,
even in his breathing days Some say that he was a
brave warnorduring this time, possessed of thestoutest
of hearts, who lived only to serve'his lord and liege,
Ra. Otherssay that his sou! was borne of darkness and
that he toiled. en service to the mythical serpent
Apophicwhawngecan othmal crossde toswallowthe ||
sum and barhe the land in night everlasting. What-
ever the case, itis suspected that he was ultimately
banished from the kingdomof Exypt, toe Embraced
in exile some time thereafter. Iris also assumed chat
following his Embrace he continued to travel and
was after Hag im, rhe last to be brouighe co dwell in the
celty of the gods.

‘The fact that See was away citing Ae fall is
largely unquestioned. The reasons for his absence,
however, are hotly disputed. Some sayhe was merely
seppedonce more with the waders fr which he

always been known. Others, however, até quick
to ascribe an ulterior motive. His followers them-
selves paint a picture of their god as an avenger—a
prodigal son who returns to find his sire murderously
betrayed, They claim that he carries on hisstrugele in
this Jyhad in the name of his beloved sire and the
"othersamong che Three, Given thisyand the facr hat
\t was shortly after Set's departure that the chaos
resulting in che fall frilly erupted, it ean be seen
‘ matter of simply putting the pieces together. The
seeds of the corruption for which Set isso wellknown
could easily have been sown in the minds of his
‘brethren before he ever took leave of the city. There
ss some credence to this idea, asthemovewouldhate _
left his hands "clean" of the war itself, while paving
the way for a vengeful crusade that would last. for |
millennia to come,

Although hte isknownfor sueabourthshaeyevents
ofthosenights Secissillreferedtoby manyasthe Father
of Lies ndit swisest nor tosummanly discount any theory
surtoumair him or his tembleJegacy,

do with Cuine's warnings ta his own progeny before he
departed he. The Thirteen seemed flecompetentto
Jeam from thelr sire' mistakes without repeating them.
Whavever the case, itis likely that when the misanthropic
Sot finally did appear he did so bearing a distinct, personal
tenda (the caamfications of which are, quite obviously,
far-reaching).

As had been foretold by Caine himself, the fathers were
twsffer the knives of their own sons; the peice, some would
say, for the arrogance in their design. The progenitors, by
sncient law; had forbidden their childer fom creating prog
coy of their own. Their nile had been so staunch, their

‘governance So unforgiving, that they hunted down
ritually executed any and all would-be offenders —sire and
childe. When the time for revolt arrived, a it unquest

ably would, each of the Thirisen was to be present for it
except forthe onc called et. Afteronlyabricfstay nthe city
of the gods, he had departed once more for the lands of
Assyria (again, for reasons unknown). Shortly thereafter,
the collective broods ofthe Thirteen rose up in a patrcidal
rage that shook the very heavens,

{es usually at this point chat the various accounts
begin rodkffer. Some telloracarefully planes conspiracy,
brought to dice fruition after an age in the making; others
of a swift and brutal revolution, sparked by some single
event or declaration. The saddest of these accounts,
however, is the pacan that laments of the inevitable end
‘of a golden era, brought about by the petty but equally
inevitable infighting of the Thirteen themselves. What-

Goren One Sos oF a Faves: A Hor oF Caio

4


cever the truth is, the city of the gods was destined to fall,
sna fall i

Many tales have been passed down through the ages
‘surrounding thar fateful event. Some spesk of a battle 30
fearsome it tore the sky asunder in fissures of lightning,
pouring the wrath of God onto the eity below: Some
whisper of un almost palpable pall of silence speeading
through the carnage like a plague, while others insise char
the earth's fist sandstorm rose up against the yo snd
their eity, burying it forever. Whatever the truth, when
thedast settled upon whar the raging ehilderhad wrought,
‘many ofthe Third Brood a well one of the Thirteen were
no mote — andl with them died the beautiful dream thar

swans their city

AFTERMATH

‘The kine who hud served the Thirteen suffered as
theyr gods had suffered, and hittleendured oftheir numbers
in Kher after the destruction of the city. No peasants

nained co nll the fields, cend the herds o¢ mind the

gious rites. The exoxhus thar ensucd resulted notonly in
the scattering of the few remaining tribes that had sur-
vived the fall, but in the Anteshtuvians themselves
‘Whether out of despair orastninyge desite eoemulate their
firstandonly eemaining ancestor, they each departed the
and that had been theis home for so long. According to

‘one story, all bur one felt the need to abandon the
continent entirely — at least for a time. This single
‘exception leit Khem as well, bur was said to have moved
furrherinland, there to make the deepest partsof the "ath
continent" his own domain,

‘During thistime, the land began to desiceate, shiftine:
first to savannaand prairie and then, finally, todesert. The
‘only immutable constant of this pro
‘great enough to withstand all deprestations, no matter the

seuirce — wae the mighty river Nile. The land's peoples
naturally began to move closer to the river until, by the
sixth millennium BC, they congregated either with

few miles of its hanks or within a few miles of its dela,
which had spread out along its rambling path to the
Mediterranean Sea, In contrast tothe surrounding desert,
which would grow to account for 96 percent of the land of

The Ists FRAGMENTS

The only extant finthand record of the story of
Set and Osiris is this ancient papyrus, said to he
penned by Isis — sister-wife of Osiris and mother of
Hons the Light-Beinger. In purportedly describes in,
some detail the events leading up to the death and
rebirth of both Osiris and Horus. These fragments,
however, seem to be strangely silent on the topic ot
‘Osiris' lineage —a question which has long puzzled.
Kindred chroniclers.

‘Who was Osiris sire? Which among the Thirteen
hhad prescience enough tosce not only S's return, but
‘the powerful rivalry that would stem from tt—arivalry
thatcootinieson even tothisnight? In heraccountsts
recalls a pale figure called Typhon who visits her

lover succesive nights, departing ater having
finally bestowed upon him dhe Embrace. The record
derail either (his) clan nor appearance and, as there
are no other seconded references to any among the
‘Thirteen going by such a name since, we must deduce
‘curanswer by other means.

Various accounts describe the abilitisfoe which
Oniris developed immediate aptitude — the vigor of
adezen bulls, the sixkden irresistible power inv his
speech, movement as the desert winds. But ever
these do not fully help us co realize his lineage, ashe
soon developed other abilities, each to anv almost
frustratingly equal proficiency. Perhaps it was the
eventual development of his own unique gift, the
renets of which were brought back from the under-
world after his second death, that will lead us to the
anower, ts rumored that those of to Iinexge, the
clanless (often timesealled,ratherrudely,"the Abn:
doned"), seem to have a propensity for the
development oftheirown peculiar skills. Perhaps this
weas the secret that Osiris kept from posterity for s0
long: Could it be chat he was the frst among these
Caitifi— the Cainite progenitor of clan ofelanless?


Egype, this strip of fan was still fertile, and is powerful
ecosystem supplied the people with all the tools and foods
that they would need to survive

survivor ofthe fall named Asar— abso called Wen->

the Beautiful One, or Osiris, to che many who have
followed his epic story in ages since. He had been a royal
among the kine, the mortal heir to the throne of Exype,
and was brothet to: none other th himself. Onc
among the \. wasto come,
Embraced Asar daring his broher's curious absence and
entrusted to hin the protection of the land ofthe dead and
itssecrers: Asa god of the dead in land of the dead, he
held tremendous power, ruling openly from his court
‘what would come to be the land around moder Catto.

Osiris' brother did return, as had heen foretold. Bue
with him came an army of darkness, composed of servile
mortals, ghils and those of his own lick blood. Set, i
seems, hal returned prepared for terrible war.

Of the Thirteen, he alone closed Egypeas his home:
linda, in che tradition of our kind, had come to declare
dlomain. over what vos fray his own. I his family had
thanishiet hin, deereemg har he would nor rule Khem a3
2 mortal, then he would rerum — to rule Khem as god

Ashe had reportedly been instructed by his mystert
‘us site, Osiris hd spent the interim years buildings cadre
of elite soldiers from his own bloexd. These wariors, the
Children of Osiris, were his sole line of defense in the
Jyhad. Thus, a terrible battle was fought among thve reeds
of the river Nile between the forces of Osiris and those of
his brother, che Antediluvian. As Osinss wns only a hand
ful of years undead and his brother was one of the most
powerful Kindred in existence, the outcome was inevi
table, Osiris was sain, his Kody angrily rent into 13 pieces
which were then ecattored acraxe Khem in an attempt to
forever remove his stain from the seat ofits ralership.

RESURRECTION

In his arrogance, Set had overlooked Osiris' sister
wife, Isis: She was, by all accounts, a powerful sorceress
who soon set about retrieving the gristle and marrow of her
Thushandl's corpse. She was largely successful in this en-
dcavor, retrieving the entirety of the dismembered Ositis
save his phallus, which had apparently (and bizarrely)
been eaten by acrab. In an involved ritual, she bound her
Jusband's body together in rawhide and invoked a power:
ful spell. Her potent magics, along with a considerable
blood! sacrifice trom both oxen and his remaining follow-
‘xs, drew the spit of Osiris back from the underworld —
and back to unlife.

Osiris had been to the land of the dead and back, and
the experience had forever changed him. He returned not
‘only with newfound wisdom, but with the tenets of faith,
that sould later grow into a powerful ability enabling him
1 degree of control over the raging Beast within all our

Grarer One: Sas or 06 f

3B

cox A Hisar Cao


ind. "This power would remain the grandest legacy to his
followers for millennia to come.

Possibly the most important gift bestowed upon Osiris
duringhistime in the underworld, however, was the secret
‘oarite which would enable him tosave hisson, Horus. tn
cruel punishment for the pride of his father, Set hod
temoved Hom' eye (allowing the great battle, and the
feightful wound was now slowly killing the boy: Upon
Osiris' rerum, Isis took from him this secret ond began

spell yet —one which would cure
theurson by turning him into an undying shiter of virtue.
Nevertheless, Sets

tum, and soon the armies of Apophis were once again
darkening theit door. Another great battle ensued and,
once again, Osirisfell under the might of his Antediluvian
brother. According to the Isis Fragments, hor

son Horus, known thencefoeth as Hee-Ned}

"Avenger of Hiy Father" — rose from his funerary wrap-
pings ina warlike fervar and rushed to his mother's aide.
With Honus help, the tse of the battle soon turned, ane

Set wns forced into exite once again.

THe First Dynasty
"Thus wasn etemal stragale born, forever pitting Set
und his minions against the tollowers of Osiris and Horus
and theirallies. Inthe centuries that followed, these forces
slowly gravitated in their warring toward mutual bases of
operations, with Osiris' line more orlessholdingdeminion
‘over the north — called Lower Egypt — and Set waging
his unholy war ftom his place of exile, further south along
tle in Upper Egypt. As the land's mortal populations
stew, with more and more settlements founded under the
groups, the country self soon split
ingdoms — the lower Delta in the
north, he ared crown, and the kingdom of Upper
Exypcundes Sev'scommand, symbole by a white crown.
Cirex 3100 BC, this paradigm changed drastically for
the fine time since Osiris' Final Death. The followers of
Osiris and Horus were to capitalize on a bizarre event that
devastated both the mortal and Kindred populations of

the time. Ifthe stories ate to believed, 1 perod of days
referred toa the Weelzof Midnight Sun descended upo

Egype, bringing with it pestilence and buming desttuc-
tion. Although che vampiric remnants af Osiris! line
suffered as well, it was the Followers of Set, who are fae
rote sensitive tothe light, who were hi the hardest. The
sun spent merciless nights erteting out Set'schilder, and,
when the days of light unrelenting hac passed, several of

‘Dave Ween or MipNiGHT SUN,

A little-known fable: among the ancient Egyp-
tans concernsan "avenger goddess" called Sakhimet.
‘Thecitizensiofpre-Dynastic Egypt would soar came
toknow her asthe agent of theirown divine destruc-
tion —a lesson shared by those who dared oppose
the light and follow the dark god, Set, Those who
witnewed her terrible rampage called her "he Eye of

* though, is her own right,he was krtown as the
"Lady of Pestilence." A terrible maiden who brought
and held command over plague, it is this aspect
that the Kindred will find the mose to lear.

Asthe sey gon, the sun god vent his avenging
eye against the people of Khem for plotting to usury
his power over the find. In. cquth, the yrowinig
dominion ofthe Lord of Darkness began to worry the
celestial power, and he struck out in the two ways
that would hurr Ser and his childer the most, The
first way was to bring che full power of the sun ta bear
during a time when the undead were strongest. A
sins Aa oa SK alot a full
week, through night, incinerating rqumer-
us Serites-as they awoke tater dack" to find the
lightstllsbining in the sky. Thesecond method was
the more insidious-by far. Ra invoked the twin
aspects of the goddess Sakhmet who, descending:
fiom the heavens, brought the full measure af his
righteous wrath (© bear over the second target —
/humanityinse.Sakhmet tore through Upper Egypt's
villages, decimating the cesidents and leaving pest-
lence her anly gift to those who survived her initial
rages. What few Stites mained were unable to
safely feed for some time thereafter and, (is re-
povcted, were reduced to feeding from carrion atid
‘other unsavory sources until the plague had run its
course.

According to the story, Ra restored Sakhumnet to
a more henign aspect re her werk was throughs
(ceportedly by ticking her into drinking vase quan-
tities of brew that had been colored to look like
Blood). Nonetheless, twas an eptsode that humbled
the servants of the dark god and subsequenely en-
abled the followers of Osiris and Horus t prevail —
at least for a time.

(Note: For more information on Sakhmet and
the Week of Midnight Sun, sce Rage Across Fpypt).


Ser's line were left asash in its wake. One of these victins
included Set's most powerful general inthe waragainsethe
north — a childe of his own known only as the Scorpion
King erciless mortal tyrant before being brought into
tundearh by his Antediluvian sire, the Scorpion King
snethenda the Seite eance 0 Saket' (av)
rampage and, like so.

fell beneath his clan's crippling weakness during ete
sunlit nights.

In the north, the followers of Horus (who thad emergsd
langely unscathed) took advantage of the fat dhe much of
Upper Egype's power as a kingdom hal been laid wo waste
Lower Eevor's kine, 1 devout many from Abvdem

On Beno PHARAOH
Aslegend tells it, a trie Pharoh wis alleged to
possess three individual qualities. These were au-
thority, perception and. justice, and each was
purported to both signify and sanctify Pharaoh's
Alivia ight to vle Te yay Phish ct
self was often the characteristic mont often seen by
his followers, anal it is this first divine quality that

could be falsified with the greatest ease. Most conte
moners, afraid of the power inherent in their ruler,
already presumed a certain degree of majesty in the
office, and Pharioh was often taught poise, oratory

and crowd control while in his youth,
Perceptivenesswasoften seen as Phariolh'smost
divinely inopiced quality and, ironically, was often,
the hardest one to discern either way. A good cadre
of advisors as well as some slick (albeit ancient)
spin-doctoring, could often make Phiarach come out
seeming omniscientin theeyesothissubjects Some
Pharaohs, much to the wonder of their courts, were

often possessed ofa legitimate insight so keen as to
‘make those:around thems true believers his divin:

ity,

Phamoh's sense of justice was often times the
‘most telling legicy he could Jeave behind, so the
issue was often afforded much attention at court.
Not only was he cancers about how he would be
viewed by posterity but, to the ancient Egyptians,
truly just ruler was guaranteed 9 most agreeable
aterlife. Although enlightened self-interest kept
many Pharaohs from losing perspective entirely, the
issue of what "just" really 1s has always been up to
wide interpretation, Whether these qualities were
truly indicative of great leaders largely irclevane.
‘The truth remains that ancient Egype grew into the
most powerful and advanced eivilzation the workd
hha yer known. The authoritarian system under
Pharaoh led toa stable soctery that provided for the
needsof the people, promored education, permitted
free worship of God, and allowed the peopleto eam
from theirexperiences in this lifewhile beingable to
look forward to one after death,

Narmer, was spurred to conquer the south and unite Eyype
underone benner—thefalconof Honus. Hedidsa with great
succes, establishing a central capital in the city of Saga
later to be dubbed Memphis, Name has since been identi
fied with Menes, and is generally credited with being the fina
na long line of dynastic rulers called Pharaohs
Bt Set would soon slither from the darkness. During,
the reign of the fourth king, Peribsen, Setites managed 10
infiltrate the court ng Pharaoh (agit the nd
vice of his Osirain advisors) to mount campaigns into the
northeast dela. During these operations, while aay fos
those who could prevent any such undue influence, the
young ruler tured away from the worship of Horus. He
returned a staunch jupporter of Set, introahucing the cult
0 mainstream worship throughout Egypt, He
changed all royal seals to beara strange whl fi
referred to si Beast — and this
remains the fi
anizmal and isd
mous with Set forev
The Osirian Le:
called, did not wait long two secur Exyp
after the death of P put a pla
would keep the cult of Set weak for ¢
‘Theirchosen, awarrior named Khasekhem, soon took the
nee. Once Pharaoh,
hasekhem —a loyal worshipper of Horas — mounted
rural assaults against che cult of
domain. His extant stele pur the number of slain Libyans
(See's mercenaries of choice) during his eonquests at
47,209 assacre of epic proportions, given the time
Petiod. After the years of conquest, the king changed his
name to Khasekhemui Nebuihotpimef, meaning the two
powers are at peace in him," to reflect and emphasise
Osirian dominance over all of Egypt once mote

An AGbOF KINGS,

Under the careful aegis of the Osirian League, Egy
tian culture blossomed. Although ever alert in awaiting
‘Set's return, they took the opportunity that the relative
quiet afforded ther the flock and see that it
prospered. The ancient Egyptians soon developed won
drous new inventions, such as paper made from papyrus,
and began making bold advances in the areas of as
{roriomy, geometry, numerology, surgeryind architecture.
1k is in this last field, parsicularly in that of mortuary
architecture, that the ancient peoples of Exypt would
comme to mound the world.

In the 27th century BC, Netjerikhet Djoser, the most
prominentkingof the Third Dynasty, ordered for his tomb
the first pyramid built of stone. The architectural genius
bbchind this development, Imshotep, was renowned for his
Imowledge and had previously counseled Djoser when the
land was suffermg from @ terrible
limestone, Imhotep constructed} ry
of Saggata, a large structure with stepped-back revewe

c shape woukl come tobe sy
after.

aw they purporredly carne to be

‘Guaren Ou: Srs oe Fara: A Heo oF Ca


‘The PROpHecy or Neren-RA-HAU

Theend of thisgoiden era would be heralded by
aan oracle in Sneferu's court. The Seeress Nefer-Ra-

‘of how, after an age of strife and civil

at, ahidden savior would come to unify Egypt once

again. Pharoob, who sat incredulous but enrapt, had
her prophecy carefully recorded thus:

The Asan wall move with srongarms, der the
harvest and! take away cattle at Plowing, The lind com-
plroly perishes: mot ewen so rach det as fons ardor
lack fingerai wel sarcve: The sa wil be covered and
tall noe shine. The rivers run dry, and retnds well oppose
eachother. A foreign bard wil be bom in the marshes, and
eople wil et itaptroach because of ther need. Fish ponds
‘will he dernaged and the land wal be prostrate becancse oft.
The Asiatic enemies who arose i the east will descend into
Egype No protector wil len, and the wld beasts will
drink at che nvers of Egypt

The kad wll be x discrer,\pside-dowun: Men wll
take up the weaponsof war in confusion. People wil beg jon
the brea of Word and wil laugh sick kaughter. Dead wll
‘racome so common that people no longer wee ne fase
smanarning, People vl any ther backs ttle one ran kls
«another. Sons sind brothers wl be a5 enemies, cand a man
wall kil his un father. Everyone wll speak of love, but
everyting joo will ine disappeared. Property shal be
than from ther wel ven to outsiders. Citizens shall be
‘rented as hateful inorder to sence the people If someone
answers a statement, an nm ul go out with a stick and
men shall sry, "Kil hi,"

As the land becomes poorer, its administrators will,
increase, and taxes will become heavy. The world shall
tua in reverse: the weak wil have arms and men will
salute the one who before saluted. The vrudermost wil
snow be on top. People shall corme to lve in the city of che
dead. The poor man shall Be wealthy nd papers shall
atthe sacred brea. The Heliopolitan nome, birthplace
of all the gels, will exist no longer.

Only shen all seems: lost to despasr shalt a hing
cemergy from the soth.. Amun the Tr iho

ll wear the white and red crowns of Upper and Lower
Eszypt, shall rise and vide forth to claim his destiny. The
‘eviland rebellious will subdue themselves out of fear amd
respect of him. The Asiaics will fll to his sword, the
Libyans this flame. The serpents shall be cast onof the
land of green prosperity, as wel all wronggdoers

Justice will come,

Although later deified by thie ancient Egyptians for bis
sgenius, posterity givesnn evidence tosuggest tua Imborep
‘wos anything other than what he appeared to be — an.
otdlinary, if beilliane mortal man.

Tewas indeed atime for powerful mortals anal the great
‘butldersof the Fourth Dynasty were the very erabodiment of

the idea, Extant writings from the time indicare that the
kings had gained an unprecedented power and authority
overthe people, whohad come to worship theirkingass god.
‘They demonstrate not only great loyalty to their
bbut abo the advancing skill of their architect,

neers,
artisans and builders. In 261.3 BC the new Pharaoh Sneferu
{nsnugurared the Fourth Dynasty and oversaw the buildingot
‘two more, kager pyramids. And though it was he who was

responsible forthe worlds fist true geometric pyramid, the
Red Pyramid at Dashur, Sneferu was to be outdone only
single generation later — by his successor and son, Khufu.

Khufu was less liked, but he commanded obedience
from his subjects by promising fine combs for royal families
andhigh officials inacemetery next whispyramid.at Giza,
He is remembered for being x save driver of sorts, due to
the immense manpower the Great Pyrami's construction
invariably must have taken. Compated to the large and
‘commodious houses of the rich, the crowed smu-brick
and thatched barracks of the pyramid workers lend some
credence to this claim and, at the bare minimum, confirm
the disparity beeween the social castes during Khutu's
reign. He was succeeded by his son, Khafre, who built
another pyramid almost as large immediately next to that
‘of his father. ln i owe ight, Klsafie s most well-known
forcommissioning the construction of the famous sphinx,
to be carved out of the nearby rock, and according 10
legend, bearing the face of Pharaoh himself. Due to the
unparalleled building accomplished in theie successive
reigns, isnot surprising that both Khufu and Khatre were
fersembered in taivon at having ben xtreme dif
cule rulers.

Gaor Nor


ak ey hn lanai a ten
Sern sega of ae Fos geo
svt that the aphsie foncie entirely the.
rection vb Pliny the pops fon

A

fe sans ony bended, anc sone
he ie moe!

Lee }
rtp rape 2

spools ed i ans a ;
esaine om of Syytle He sneeterins,

nkaure, who followed Khafre, is eredited by

ind the many affairs
d out i

vedonly to mourn
her mausoleum
nd the security of his

i beneath the

wnily headed by a
yyum. This family
asthe Ninth and

ctlyee citys

(Guy Oe: Sos ofa Fase A Hise o Caio
0


Thebes was not only the most powerful city-state of
those under Heeucleopolis' so-called sovereignty, but the
most enraged by the separatist Acthoes and his descen-
lane! claims of supremacy. Although the two apparently
aurempred co-existence for a time — most likely the
influence of the older and wiser Setites of both camps —
the separate peace was not to last. The conflict between
the two came to 2 head m a cerible bartle between the
Thebans and the armies of King Neferkate — the first
‘recorded large-scale dispute between opposingSetite forces,
Although tiumphane char night, Neferkare's victory was
short-lived. The Ninth Dynasty came tot end after the
Theban revolution of 2133 BC, establishing Theban inde-
pendence under Mentubotep T and retuming the two
Citystates w thete previous, warring condition. But with
the death of King Merikare in 2040 BC, and the sudden
damage tt subsequently caused the Henacleopolitan gov-
emment, Thebes seized its chance. Mentuhotep invaded
Heracleopolis ia final, bloey siege, returning full con-
trol over all of Egypt to the Setites of the Thebes once
again — thay ending the legacy of Acthoes. tronically,
Mentuhotep tsredited as being the second unifier of the
north and outh in Egyprian history, as well asthe inaugu-
‘ator of the Middle Kingdom — his rewards for loyal
service to his ambitious Setite masters.

Mentubotep If undertook exte
tuary temples in Upper E

building of mo
anal sent off expeditions tu
Nubia, Liby: ria and Sinai for materials and men. He
boasced of dominating the "nine peoples of the bow" —
Egypt's craditional enemies — by clubbing the exstem.
lands, striking down the hill-councries, trampling the
dleserts and enslaving the Nubians and the Libyans. In
establishing order throughout Egypt, the process of
recentmalizaton fd begun, and the Setites of Thebes now
dominated the administration. Succeeding his father in
2009 BC, Mentuhotep Ill organized an expedition of
3,000 men to travel east from Koptos to re-establish trade

with Pune via the Red Sea, After 12 years, he was su:
ceeded by the brief reign of Mentuhotep IV, whse viet
ordered and personally led another massive expedition 10
the Red Sea, purportedly following a nighttime vision he
hhad received from the gods. There, the advisor miryeu-
Jously found the stone for a sarcophagus whete « gazelle
had dropped her young. n returning with bath the stune
and the tale, he forever changed the course of story. This
vizier —a man by the name of Amunemhet — established
himself as the next king, ending the era of the war-torn
chaos that had become Egypt


THe Hippen SAVIOR

‘Theaccession of Amunembet! was justified as fulfil
Ingthe prophecy of Nefer-Ra-Hau. Ashisname indicates,
he promoted the worship at the god Amun — the "hid
den." This secretive god eventually attained widespread
popularity in Egypr, and his name is probably the origin of
the word that is still used for the ending of prayers. After
selzing power, Amunembet's true intentions (and loyal-
ties) became apparent, and he acted quickly, moving the
‘capital north to Memphis once again. The chiefs of the
local nomes were restored to their powees and privileges,
cts hecame clearly defined along the Nile

ality, these and other key systems were implemented
bythe Osirian League to prepate the populace fr impend-
ing war against Seute forces in Upper Exypt

During his 30-year reign (20.8 sole Pharaoh, and 10
with his son as co-regenr) Amunembet knew no peace
Set and his chosen assailed this so-called messiah con-
stanly, boch with guile and with sword, and Amunembet
struggled nightly eo keep is kingslors
bhisson Sesostris began to take on more and mare duty and
when it came time to take the Fight to the foe again (this
time kn Libya), Sesostris weut is lis stead — dhe proud
lead of his father's armies. And it was during this time,
while Sesostris was away at wat; that Setite agents struck
an artful blow.

The Libyn threat had been a smoke screen, intend-

ingto divide power within Amunember's court. While his

son wis away, the savior Phe h, left with litte to
safeguard him at court, would be silenced once and foe all.
night, a cadre of conspiring eunuchs (to 9 mar,
shui of the sime ambitious Serice) sneaked into the royal
chambers, setting u unemhet while he lay in bed.
he wasn longerthewarior
the Phar fell before the eompemy of
ntyers. In a curious twist of fate, the assas-
sination ulti plished nothing. The aged
Ammunembet had already committed to resigning all tem-
poral power over Egypt to his son who, much to the
chagrin. of the presumptuous Setite conspirators, soon
Victorious... and very much alive
In 1878 BC, Sesostris III became king and somehow
cdl 0 centralize power over the regions of Lower,
Middic and Upper Egypt by administrating « unit of three
officers under command of the vizier. Under this system,
the decreasing power of the nobles allowed for the devel-
opment of a larger middle class, and Egypt's social
stracfication grew less severe. Concerned about the grow
ing Seite forces in "wretched Kush," Pharaoh had a
channel excavated through the fiest cataract co allow
ppasaye for his warships. He attacked, devastating the
Tuntiu of Nubia by wiping out their setements, carrying
olf their women, fouling their wells and burming their
grain fields. Although incteising numbers of Asiatics
immigrated to Egypt to work as servants, the entrance of
Nehesyu (Negroes, whom Pharsoh had been advised to

view as Setite pawns) was limited to trading and official
business following the war.

Duringthe 45-year reign of Amunemhet III, develop
ment continued of the mining and the itrigation systems
of Lake Moeris at Faiyum. This long petiod of prosperity
attracted even more inumigrants, wha began to grow inte
necessary niche of the Egyptian social inftastructate. His
successor, Amunemhet lV, ruled quietly and for only nine
short years. His was rule was followed by that of his sister
Sebekneferu, 1 woman of whimand appetite who took for
her court advisors a cadre of slick-skanned river people
Sebekneferu, like the woman who had ruled before her,
was the last of a dyrusty; with the demise of the Middle
Kingdom in 1786 BC came the demise of the Osinian
League once more. The petty line of rulers that followed
was casily manipulated into using even more merewsing
roumbers of Asiatic imenigeants, and it was this uility that
was to prove their downfall

THe SHEPHERD KINGS
In the eastern delta, the number of Asiatic nomads

toueethiveria
of his reclamation

pastoral people took up arms, consumed with a newly
cultivated appetite for conquest, They overwhelmed the
city of Avaris in shart order, establishing i a che capital
for what became the Fifteenth Dyrwsty af the Hykson the
Shepherd Kings. There they adopted Set as theit you,
meeting strangely little resistance fram the most powerful
priesthood in Avaris atthe tine — chat of the goa Baal

In 1674 BC, the leader of the Hyksos, a dis
Sct'sealling himself Apophis, drove his
Lower Egype. Guided by brillunt
shepherd army sieged, encountering little opposition from
the now.-beleagueted city of Memphis. With the fi
Osirian League's capital, their rer Us scatter
across cricked limestone. Apophis immediately insti
the worship of Sec in the city, ordering. his men ta burchet
anyone who was found to be still loyal to Horus.

Under Hyksos rule, Egypt becane
thone who felt no loyalty to the Ositian League resented
the foreign occupation, and they chated ur ic Osirian
dissidents encouraged this revolutionary behavior, sor
fleeing to the north anal south to sponsor would: be rulers
‘of smaller city-states throughout Egypt. One such suceess
was found in a man named Seqenente, who took control
of Thebes and ruled here as its Seve
king. He became such a thorn in Apophis' sie uf
shadow war erupted, resulting in the asssinat
Segenenre. Although successful, the victory proved
Pyrthic one for Set — the seeds of rebellion had dh
been planted

The expulsion of the Hyksos was finally secomplishal
by a warrior patriot named Ahmose, the yoursger heuther of
the great Egyptian warrior Kamose. After no small ineasure

(Goran One: Ses oF Fes: A Herc oF Caro

ry


= rane efforts te Stroy that
had browehe to
age pat
eth lawl fw Ve Spire

sont ow tle Valley of the Kosge

arly fund ceffoyt, the
acking

the iii

nthe tur
the occasion, all the way
ypt and into th

ee

bby Set sti to ans enter

the. ox G98.
Ls eA ae
ta account for thie — the Ouray


THe Serpent Cons

Following the humbling defeat of the Hyksns, See
seems ta havedecided rastrike arthe heartof the problem.
The women in the family of Ahmose had held consider-
ableinfluence ar court, including Phuraob'ssister Nefertin:
whom he had made his wife. Nefervini was brought under
the influence of agents of Set for her brother's efforts in
destroying the dream of an Egypt unified under
hannet. They maneuvered the court of Ahmose into
eating the religious office of "God's wife of Amun"
which, in turn, marked the beginning of the worshipping
ofqueens asdivine as well askings. In so doing, Set hoped
ty bring the very office that had plagued his rule for
entities under his sway — the office of Pharaoh. He
found ne)siall measure of success in this effort, leading to
the rule of Amunhotep |, an Egyptian iconoclast who
abondaned rhe building of pyramids and was the fist
separate the temples from the tombs.

The Setite plan worked (though probably not for the
reaions they believed), and Lower Egypt began «0 fall
under their sway once again. A series of warmongering
generals spearheaded an age of Setite supremacy, and theit
dominion reached ite zenith under its gremes general,
‘Thutmose {: Thutmose, who had aceeded the throne by
tnarrying the royal heiress, expanded the empire further
than his predecessors, in time reaching as far as the

Euphrates River. He brought vicious cam against
the Mitanni and the Nubians, all the while ferreting out
Osirian dissidents. On his return to Thebes, he captured a
‘Nubian chief loyal to Osiris and had his body hung head:
down from the prow of ange for several months while

aract channel was repaired. Thutmose was brutal and
‘merciless, and "lessons" such as this became commonplace
among his subjects, Although the fighting spirit of its
people remained, all of Lower Egypt groaned under the
‘weight of Thutmone's barbarous reign.

Hts successor, Thutmose Il, proved equally vile, but
he died mysteriously in 1504 BC, after having ruled for
coaly eight years. His wife and half sister Hatshepsut nc
ceded his throne, ruling alongside Thutmose JL] —hisson
by another woman. As he wasonly uchild when his father
died, the boy had to share power for 22 year with his
stepmother and aunt, Queen Hatshepsut. Al
Hatshepsut was (obviously) fernale, cle of Amun
surprised the populace by declaring her Pharach — no
other woman could ever claim such—and she wasseen as
Egypt's true ruler for the remainder of her Jong and
[prosperous reign. She wasa beloved queen who expanded

al prosperous

the o

Egyptian interests abread, avercoving sov
expeditionsinhertime. When Harsheysutdied, Thuttoe
Macceded thethrone and, ¢ Pharaohs before him

done, immediately began campaigns to extend the
powers and borders of Egypt. Unlike his predevensrs

PATRON OFTHE SUN

(Cairo's first" and most enigmatic Cainiteremains
a mystery, even to there of his own line; Historical
accounts agree that he hailed from one of the coastal
cities along the Mediterranean, but they differ as to
whether it was Argos or Halicamassurs either is pose
sible, thouzh the iatter is mote likely. The mast widely
accepted theory claims that when the Dorian coo:
slomerare of cities known as the Hexapolis expelled
Halicamassus for breaches of temple etiquette (thus
fecoming the Pentapolis), Agonistes departed, seck-
ing forrune and insight in the lands across the sea.
‘Asi mortal, Agonistes hixl been fascinated by the
ancertwining concepts of death and afterlife, and was
rumored ro have nctually sought out the Emakence some
time around the 13theentury BC. Histhint for knowl-
edge wos marched only. by a boundless capacity. foe
understanding that which was feared, and the com
mensurite drive to nchicve that understanding,
Ayonistes' sire, an unknown Caiite of Babylonian:

‘extraction (if te legend are true), saw in him both

this thirst and this drive, and graciously courted
‘Ayonistes inte night unending

‘Soon after, Agonistes was compelled to travel to:

the City of the Sun —a place that most of the native

ndead knew t0 avoid. The Damned, his sire in-

structed, were no longer micait to stand in the light of

God. Agonistes refused to accept this, however, sid
the two soon parted company, Agonistes sire returned
to Babylon, leaving his errant childe to discover the
pinfal truths of Cainite existence on his own

Asa Kindred, Agonistes wasthe closest thing that
Heliopolis had ever had to a "savior." He donated
heavily of himself in both time and effort toits poop
and the modest area surrounding the Temple of
soon grew to become vibrant city under his sponsar-
hip. Agonistes als enconraged independene thought
among the priesthood, though never to the exclision
‘of theit own religous beliefs. Much like St. Thomas
Aquinas and other latter-day religio-scientists,
Agonstes believed in the advancement of scholarship
under the aegis of religion. A deep and profound faith
‘was required to exhort mortal man to greater heights
scientific achievement, and he encouraged the con-
currentdevelopment ofboth amongHelopolis' priests
Indeed, his own existence as ane of the Damned could
conly have further confirmed this fundamental belief

Forover thousand years the presence of Agonistes
censured that the light of Heliopolis — che light of
‘wisdom and of tuth—would outshine thot of al othiers
Butintheend.esAgonisteshinwelfmostaswuredly knew,
{ine itself would come to claim its die, extn
{ase the brilliance of the City of the Sun.

‘Gurr On: Ses or Fas: A Hirer Can

3)


(such as the acquisition of

in other territories), and he seems to have made
litle headway on Set's behalf in the ancient war against
the Osirian League

City OFTHESUN

Inche sith century BC, the oldest place of worship as
well ns scholarly choughe in all the Land of Exypr was
destroyed. As a religious center, Heliopolis (*Caty of the
Sun") had scen no equal. t hal been eiesire of the sacred
bhenben ston, a well as the home of the ancient temple of
Ra, where it issaid thot writing was first developed. Le was
the On of the Bible, where Joseph married the daughter of
the temple's high priest, Poriphe, and where the infant
Jesus fit urtered sound within its ruins, while his mother
washed his clothes ina hietoglyphie trough.

Heliopolis was also peerless av a center of fearing. I
‘hadbeen the world'snexusofmathematicsandastronomy,
being responsible for both the first 365-day calendar and
24-hour clock. It was to Egypt that the finest minds
Greece had come to study, Accarding to leyend, the
philosophers and priests of Heliopolis were attended by a
single childe of Caine up until the night of their city's
destruction. Although his original name remains point
cof some contention, posterity has come ro cal the undead
scholar of Heliopolis Agonistes.

After his Embrace (see "Patron of the Sun" sidebar),
Agonistes had traveled far to join the monastic extstence
‘of those who studied at the Cty of the Sun, In so doing, he
became one ofthe first Kindred to make «lasting mark on
what was to become moder Cairo. It is unknown exactly
how long Agonistes was in residence at Heliopolis, butt
is known tha he was present for its destruction at the
hands of the Persian emperor

PeRstAN Conquest

Under Cynus the Great and his son, Cainbyses, the
Persian empite had spread far and wide, taking control of
Babylon and other exzential eastern territories Carnbyacs
had been planning an invasion of his wealthy neighbor to
the west for over three years,and he had covered ll the
strategic bases, even accounting for the Egyptian arwy
tel. One of Pharaoh's most prominent generals was 3
Greek mercenary from Halicanassus named hanes. Us:
ing tactics he had learned trom his father, Cambyses
successfully bribed the honorless Greck into defeeting
with his men to Pera,

‘The wily Persian emperor then nullified the Egyptian
narwy asa threat by playing co the one facet of the Egyptian
‘mindset that he could count on: religion. The leader of the
avy, a man named Udsahorresne, alo happened to be a
high' priest of the god Neith. Cambyses had cleverly
pledged his devorion to Neith shortly before, offering
significanctcibutetothe go's primary temple in exchange
for the adiira's inactivity during the impending inva-
ston. Udjahorresne agreed, and it became simple matter
of waiting for the right moment to strike

When the widely popular Pharaoh Amasisdied, leav-
ing Egypt in che hands of his incompetent son
Psammetichus, Cambyses knew that the moment had
arrived. Unlike his father, Psammetichus was weak and
largely without the respect of his own priesthood, and an
525 BC, the Persian army swept into Egypt practically
uncontested. With a former Exyprun general spearhead-
ing the assault and the Egyptian navy sitting idle i the
Red Sea, the entire brilliant campaign wasover in aruatter
of weeks.

Despite Paammetichis' mifitary incompetence, how-
ever, the people of Exype continued to rest the new
cccupation by the atestoutsider, Upeisingsiredallaround
Exyptasthe peasontry asembledto succeed where Pharaoh's
tL trainedarmy hod filed. Cambysesretaliated, bingingthe

‘Gron Nor

2

capitol of Memphis to its knees and sacking several other
Nileside cities to cement control. He slaughtered the sacred

Apis bull that was kepe at the Temple of Ptah, establishing
Memphis as the provinciil capital of the Petsian empice

‘When these measures were found wanting, he contrived 10
sinke a blow straight to the Egyptian heart — a lesson ro
those who would continue to resist that which must be.
‘Although the priests and scholars of Heliopolis had
lieele wo do with the peasant revolts, thei city itself wasa

symbol of Exyptian greatness —a symbol which muse be
tom downasan example. Cambysey men tore thtough the
city unail they reached che eternal Temple of the Sun,
whereupon they were given the onder to destroy the
ancient site t0 its foundations. Agonistes, che mighty
‘nicntor of the Heliopolitan nome, watched unmoved as
his people scrambled and his buildings burned. When the
fires had cooled and little remained of what had been the
coldest and finest institution of learning in the world,
Agonistes had movedon.... leaving those whorematned in
‘what was left of Heliopolis to start all aver again.

BABYLON-IN-EGypT

"The first wetloment in the area that romans to this
nightsanancient fortress on the east bank heights of Ale
Rasa, a spur of the Mogattam Hills. Some time around
600 BC, prisoners bad been brought from the recently
conquered Babylon ro asst in the building of this river-
side fortress. These Babylonian workers hecame the area's
first permanent inhubiines, long with the detachment of
soldier for whom the fortress had been constructed. The
site eas chosen wisely, as the east bank juse south of
Heliopolis had once been sed as a Pharacnic river cross-
ing, using the iskind of Rhoda as a midway point. The
Exyptian name of this Nileside encampment was Per-
hapi-On, meaning "river house of On" — or, the port of
etiopolts — bur itsoon came to be known elsewhere 1s
Babylon-in-Egypr.

When Cambyses arrived, he brought with himahost of
‘workmen from Babylon on the Euphrates. The primary
purpose for this immigration was ta complete the eastern
canal ta the Red Sea thar Pharaoh Necho hal begun some
‘90 years earlier. Carnbyses understood the importance ofthe
encampment tht ha grown around the ferttessof Babylon.
From here, one could control access to the Upper Nile,
especially da functioning canal existed. Such acanal woukl
link Babylon to an east chat had grown richer and more

<dovelopedsine Memphis' glory days. In addition, Babylon's
pprowimity to Rhods allowed for che eosiost travel between

‘banksto be found anywherealong the Nile For Babylon-in-
Fyypr, east and west were never far away.

‘Although Babylon was geographically pivoral as a
river crossing, the relatively new fortress and its inhabit
ants had litte to offer the handful of Assamites who rose
with Cambyses into Egypt, As such, their attentions were
drawn elsewhere — further to the south, where the te-

maining Setite strongholds lay. Babylon was perfect for
the designs of Agonistes, however, and 1¢ was to this
budding portside fortress that he was drawn following the
deseruction of the City of the Sun.

Some believe that Agonisteswasenamoredof Babykin-
in-Egypt simply because of its name, in what might have

‘a subconscious desite tw reconnect with bis long-
gone sire. Others belicve Agonistes envisioned anew Ciiy
‘of Light in the growing fortress-city, a place whete lear
ing and faith could once again he encouraged t9) grow
alongside one another. Detractors of this theory ascribe a
more pragmatic intent to Agonistes' decision: Memphis
was home to several Kindred with whom he wished no
intercourse, and none of the other smaller citesalong the
Nilecould provide both the sustenance and isolation that
the quiet scholar required.

"Although possessed ofa philosopher spint, his blood
way still hat of Caine, and Agonistes bore a simmering
distaste for the Persian barbarians who had so thoight-
lessly destroyed centuries of erudition. Therefore, when a

Gers Ont Sas or tt Fons: A Hise or Cao

3


Peesian Cainite named Nabonidus came to dwell within
hhisdomain, Agonistes first thoughts were of cool revenge

Strangely, such designs were soon quieted by
Nubonidus himbelf, He confessed oA gonistesthat he had
come to Babylon-in-Egype specifically to seek out the
distinguished scholar of Heliopolis, in the hopes of study-
ing under hin — not to inffinge upon his domain, nor to
ansint in the territorial squabbles beeween the Followers of
Set and the invading Children of Hagim.

According to legend, the wo quietly convened in
‘Agonistes' modese quarters inside the fortes, speaking in
bhushed tones longinto the warm Egypeian night. Atdawn,
having talked of many things, Nabonidus offered to leave
Babylon should his gracious host wish it. Agonistes de-
clined, instead offeringextended hospitality tohis unlikely
Persian guest, and inso doing, embarkingona partnership
that would grow into something neither of them had ever

ned

ALEXANDER

In 332 BC, after almost 200 years asa province of the
Persian empite, Exypr became the ambition ofthe grearest
general the world hd ever known, A former pupil of
Arwtotle, the Macedonian warrior Alexander from the

of Egype fom the

Greek fringe caine to deliver the k
yoke of Persian rule. Unlike the hand's previous conguet-
ors, Alexander strived with an open mindandheart ceady
and willing to embrace native custom and culture.

Assuch, Alexander's entrance was ultimately wel:
cotmed by neatly all the Cainite inhabitants of Egypt. The
Toreador, who had taken up residence along the Mediter-
‘ranean coast during the heyday of the Greeks, had suffered.
‘wumerous indignities under the barbaric Persians. Only

einote location — sequestered at the northern tip of

mpite—allowed them tadwell in relative peace. The
Egyptian Gangrel of the Western wastes found the Persian
nteelopers boorish and intrusive, The Children of Osiris,
— believing they had things weil in hand before then —
saw the machinations of the Setites behind Cambyses!
sudden conquest, Both fought to return controlofEzypt to
het Egyptian children. As for the Setites themselves
noedlesstosy, theyhad their hands full with the Asamites,
‘who had come to seize both mortal followers and ancient
holdings. Indeed, looking back it seems that Persian
was apprectated only by the invading Children of Hagia
and those few Cainstesto whom they had promised favors
in the time before their arrival.

In addition to his refreshing expulsion of the Persians
(ho had done their best to extinguish numerous cher-
ished aspects of ancient Egyptian culture), Alexander

a new capitol further north, the port city of
whichserved todraw unwanted mortal aren:

‘way from the crowded cities to the south, The

nd their security meant mote than the relatively
‘minor ieue of where Egype's mortal government was to be

administrated. As long as the Cainites were left to tend
their ilock tn the manner to which they hod kecame
accustomed, Macedonian rule would be welcomed with
‘openarins. Meanwhile, the kincatEgypr (whohad greeted
‘Alexanderasa great liberator) began to genuinely prosper
for the first time in-nearly two centuries,

‘When Alexander himself died away on campaign, his
‘body was brought back to Egypt for burial in Alexandria —
the city he had buile but never seen, Upon his death, he
bequeathed Egypt to his most favored general, a man by
the name of Ptolemy. This general became the frst af a

Macedonian dynasty that would rule Egypt fromm the city
of Alexander for nearly 300 years

Under the Peolemies, Egype prospered. The Gireck
influence that had made Heliopolis sttong now empow
credallofEgyps, anulitscapitalsoon became theproeininent
city of the Hellenistic Age. The nexus of Europe, Asia and

Aftica, Egyptencompassed all the magnificent qualitiesof
‘the umion that brought it into colonial rule... bur only in
the north. Although several Toreador and Lasombra did

~apitol city, seeking bold and interest
ing horizons in Macedonian Egypt, the area south of the
slclua was left largely to tts own devices, Babylon-in-Egypt
and the now-forgotten Memphis were left behind, content
tw he seen is hack water municipalities of the empire. The
few respectable scholars among the Greek Toreador who
had known of Aganines aio knew of his solitary natute,
and they proved equally respectable in letting him be, Fat
this, Agonistes and Nabonidus were eternally grateful —
their work was not for the prying eyes of the Athenian
connt-<chemers of the night

Tue Riseor Rome
Although the preeminence of Alexandria brought
dignity and erudition back to Egypt, é also broughe an-
wanted attention from these of a mind for
DuringPtolemaicrule, Rome had begun to expand
itshorders, promoting ta commerce with
all the lands actos the Mediterra

ona daily basis. The Romansknew that Egypt
‘an agricultural surplus anid their eyes gree

large atthe prospects
The 14th ruler of Ptolemy's line — the notorious
Queen Cleopatra — had been made a Setite ghil in the
interim, if the rumors are correct. Cleopated certainly
scted the part, usingall her womanly wiles to woo Emperot
Julius Caesar and thereby stem the tide of the expanding,
Roman appetite. The affair worked for atime, saving oft
the Roman conquest of Egypt until her lover's infamous
‘turder in 44 BC. Her only remaining hope was to gamble
on yet another love affair, this time with Roman generul
Mare Antony, but when her rebellious paramour fell
during thenaval Battle of Actium,Cleoparra knew thatall

hope for an independent Egypt was lost. Antony's nem
2s, Octavian, who would later become Empeien Augustis

Cro Nor

3

Caesar, proudly marched on to Alexanaiia to claim Egypt
ashis personal possession.

Rather than submit to Octavian, Cleopatra decided.
to take matters into her own hands. tn 30 BC, Cleopatra
VILPhilopater, the last of Peolemy's line, locked herself in
aroomarthe top other tower in Alexandria andsubmitied
herself to the bite of an Egyptian Cobra, thereby ending
Prolemaicruleand signalingthedawn of EpyprasaRoman
granary. If the rumors of Cleopatta's being thrall to an
elder Serie were indeed true, het inscrutable regnant had
ong since abandoned her by this cime, perhaps in favor of
blood better spentelsewhere.

Tue Patt oF ANTINOUS

believe the tale goes something like this.
Antinows was born in the town of Bithynion-
Claudiopolis, in the Greek province of Bithynis on the
northwvest coast of Asia Minor. Although his parentage ard
‘exactdate of birth remain unknown, extan recor describe
him as merkakion —a word indicating a young man of no
more than, 20 — at the time of his death in AD 130.
Although the lack of information on Antonwus' early ayes
frustrating in the exereme, bik moreal origine are ultimaealy
of ite consequence in the greater scheme of things.
‘What is of grear importance, however isthe fact that
‘Antinous somehow eame to be taken with (and by) the
Roman Emperor Hadrian, wha had assumed the throne
following the death of his cousin Trajan in. 117. The mose

A QUESTION OF LINEAGE

However shrouded mystery the Boy-King's
sire may have been, one siay mnake an educated guess |
sstohisorigins. Whats known foraute is that shordly
after his Embrace, the young Ventrue changed the
‘common, peony eee ae |
to "Antonius." most surrounding
this decision comes from the theory thagbis sie Was |
none other than Antonius the Gaul, the Ventrue
Methuselah who was to assist in the founding of the
soklen city of Constantinople some 200 years Tater

Ieisa known fae that the Gaul spent considerable
time avey fom the Enna) Gay dering the bee ee?
cenunes fre he den of New Rone aso
‘entinely preposterous to presume thar
upeo' the ene ofthe stifice during onc ofseveral |
‘excursions into North Africa during ths time, Given
the Boy-King's penchane for Wola, it would further
follow thar upon being celeasedtohis own devices, the
boy had taken the name of the patron who had sxved
him rom death and blessed him with lite
Credence orthisstance further supported the Boy.
oibeg elie it elle ie his
is the Gaul in
some time inthe ne eighth centuy,

Hiawing found no satisfying evidence to support a
contearyangumenceither way, eave the sue asiteands
and relegate the matter tothe annals of Cainice history.

likely explanation for this is hat Hadrian took Antinous
from Claudiopolis during one of the former's tours of the
pravincesin 123; the boy woald have been around I Lot 12
Years of age at this time. Whether Antinous was taken
from his family by force or not is not only open to
speculation, but largely irrelevant as well, What matters is
thar upon Hadrian's return to Rome, the boy had become
the emperor's favorite
‘Thestory of Hadrian and Antinous isseen by manyas
aliteralenactment ofthe Greek fable of Zeusund Ganymede
cale of both great romance and great cragedy,
Antinous was the perfect erumenos (the boy in a Greek
smian-boy relationship) for Hadrian'serastes (the man). He
was accounted beautiful hy all thar beheld hit, and was
said to have been possessed of a keen mind and the
quickest of tongues. Hadrian hisnself was regarded in every
sense asa true Roman aesthete—aman who undoubtedly
rook much pleasure in art —and would surely have been
taken in by the saft but virile physique of the young Greek.
"The numerous statues erected by Hadrian in Antinapolis
— the town erected in the name of his dearly departed
favorite — certainly hear this hypothesis out

Gurr Ore: Seer Fannie A Histon ct Coro
&


Precisely what events led to Antinous' death in 130 is
tunknown. In simplest terms he drowned whilesailingdown
the river Nile during Hadrian's visitto Egypt that
‘Most historians subscribe to a theory cf self-sacti

A. conjecture equally shared by this historian.

‘The primary reasoning behind cur position lies
Hadrian's (and thus Antinous') admiration of tradit
Egyptian mysticism. The Egyptians had a sicred t
of drowning sacrifices in the river asa way of influencing
the river gods to send better floods in upcoming ye
‘When Hadrian arrived in Egypt, the two previous flood
had b ound wanting and the country was weathering
the beginnings of a terrible lean There was undoubt.
cally much talk of returning to customary sacrifices at the
time, fora third drought would have brought full-fledged
famine across all Egypt

The fact that individuals who drowned in the Nile
tended to be deified upon death may well have appealed to
the love-steuck eromenos. By sactiticing himself in this

and thereby saving his beloved's most p .
sion — Egypt
granting him

which the passage ot
ly facilitated), he could die ar his
in hisprime, only w be worshipped in de
for his godlike devotion and piety, The notion would hav
iy attractive woany young mad in such a position.

Regardless of where Antinous' trye motivations lay
the result is the same. On a warm evening in late October
6f 130, a8 the Roman emperor's barge sailed lasily down

ntinous threw himself overboard and into the

THe Rise or ANTONIUS
mortal, his Embrace on its shores would mark the begin
ning of his unlife as a god, Whether or not the Curse of
Caine was what the young Greek had in mind, Antinou
fins —the bold and final display of hts tersibl
desire lity — ultimately artracred the at
tion of one who would grant his dying wish. Despite the
fact that this would-be sire's identity has been lost to
history, the fact remains chat » powerful Cainite was
watching as Antinous gave himself to the river in the
name of his beloved Jord and liege, This Cainite, who
clearly and deeply understood the significance of the boy's
chose instead to rescue the boy from certain death at
the bottom of the river.

Although ivis unknown exactly when Antinous' site
cursed him with the Embrace, it is known that Antinous
recewwed an intense his sire in the time

er his mortal death
childe extensively on Cainite matters in particular,
cluding the sorrowful legacy of the Third Mortal and the
ways of the blood. Antinous leamed of the burgeoning
‘War of the Ages and of his clan's place in the dark new
prid into which he had been brought. Whatever else can


besaidof this Cainite, Antinous'sitedid much to prepare
the boy forthe mantle of vampiric rulership before finally
tuking leave of his newest childe. Much, indeed, but
perhaps not enough, as you will see.

‘When Antinous was ready, his sire brought him to
whar would he his new home in Egypr: the Nile island of
Rhoda. Both sire and childe were well aware of the
growing significance of this nautical weigh-station, and
the island now boasted its own permanent inhabitants —
A slater fortress to the growing city of Bubylon on the
taainkannd, compleve with resident burecascratieackninte
traitors and an entire garrison of Roman army regulars.

The island's new residents were soon visited by the
determined pair of Ventnue. Together, sire and childe
made ghils of those who adapted well, and quick work of
hove who resisted them in the slightest. Foeall intents and
fwuiposes, the Nileside area surrounding the fortress of
Babylon —aswell asthe river it depended upon so heavily
—now belonged to the Ventrue. Once Rhoda and all-
important inbound trade routes were firmly under
Antinous'sway; sie finally released childe, and, according,
to legend, made his way east — out of Afra for good.

LHe Bov-KING

Te is rumored thar his enigmatic sire did nor
depart Egypt afer leaving Antonia to his own devi
fut instead remained in-country for time, asistin
childe from whenever possible. According to one
source, it was he who subtly influenced the gradual deif-
cation of Antonius across Bgypt and in other provinces,
leading to the widespread worship of Antonius asa lesser
god — ant aspect of Osiris in Egypt, an aspect of Dionysus
in Greeve. Antonius' sire was rumored to have taken up
residence in the Nilesde city Hadsian founded at the site
of his beloved's death, assisting in the immigration of
shaled Greeks from the Upper Nile eity of Ptolemais in
onder ensure Antinopolis' as well as Antonius! contin:
ved prosperity

Unnil becoming a province of the Easter (ot Byzan:
tne) Empire in the mid-fourth century, Egypt served a
steady supplier of whearand grains to Rome herself. In this
regard, Antonius served his heritage well, ensuring that
the flow of goods into, cucof and across Babylon wasnever
disrupted for very long. Although his power ayer mortal
affairs grew into something formidable aver the next 200
years, Antoninus was largely ignored by his Cainite neigh-
forssastheir concerns were ofa less pragmatic nature dian
hie

"The first serious disagreement berween Antonius anid
the Patron of Babylon came, quite logically, asa result of
the problems inherent in administrating the separation of
church and state. In theory. the Greeks were brothers in.
‘Christianity with the Copes — those natives who had
converted after St. Mark firstintroduced the new religion
lito Egypc in the first century AD. fn practice, the Greeks
tathered the taxes and ran the bureaucracies, while the

‘Copts were the ones taxed as they proxluced the goods thi
kepe the system afloat. The Egyptians did not mind hvin
in a homeland that had become little more than i
‘occupying foreigners' imperial granary, as hong as they
were afforded some basic human dignity,

With theaccessionof the Roman emperor Diseletian
in 284, though, these tensions reached a fever pitch.
Under Diocletian, the Copts were branded ashereties, and
a murderous pogrom ensued upon all those who followed
any variang branch of Christianity other than the one

lysanecrioned by Rome. Thousands of Copts died as

snd maany fled inland from Alexandria (where the

wort of these persecutions were taking place) to the
relative safetyof Babylon. Such individuals had heard, and
rightly s0, that the Copts of Babylon were blessed wich a
patron saint of their own. Indeed they were, in the form ai
the Cainite elder Agonistes, who hua long-since pledged

BLACK DEATH

‘One of the worst calamities 10 befall Cairo
throughout che last two millennia has been plague
Although much ismade ufhow eripplingthe plagues

oof due Tle sual 17h centuries were 10 cites ike
Florence and London, Egype has suffered mae dev
astating losses than any European country at the
hhands of ts plagues. To those in the know, Caino i
acity often associated with pestilence itself — and
for yood reason

The first instance of Egypr's dance with the
black death, though little record yet exists of i
occurred in 542 while Cairo was still under Byzan-
Tine rule (and still called Bahylon-in-Egypt). A
terible plague burst forth from Egypt, spreaing
quickly into Syria, and from there, into Europe at

lange. Unlike ts 4th-century successor, which would
burn ioelf out in just over five years, dus epidemic

raged for well over 50 years, Its swath of destruction
‘was not considered "over" until the your 594,

Other epidemics followed in the time after
Egypt fell to Islam, bur they always struck Cairo the
worst, There were at least 55 recorded ourbreaks in
Camoberween the years 1347 and 1517, and over 20
of these were full-scale epidemics. A noted Arb
historian once wrote of Cairo thar during the sum-
merof 1347, over 1,000 Cairenes were falling tothe
plague every day. By the time the Black Death had
‘nun its course, nearly half che city lay dead or dying,

Even after this time, Egypt's: dation
Cities steadily grew. By the year 1800, there were two:
thirds fewer Egyptians than there were at the tire of
the Arab conquest — over @ millennium before,
Throughout its history, Gairo's unique size and loca-
‘fon were typically Hamed for the frequency and
strength of its many bouts with pestilence, bur there
have always been those who suspected there might
have been something else involved...

Goats One: See cr ma Farts A Hsson oF Co

5]


himself to safeguarding the spiritual freedoms of the kine
within his domain.

Little changed after thesplitof Rome into Eastern and
‘Wester empiresin AD 330. Despite New Rome'sclaimof
being a "baptized" version ofits parent culture, it tured
coucto be just as corrupe and fraudulent as Rome had ever
been, Constantine's viston of grace for his new empire
‘ultimately served only to further widen the rift between
the Copts and their Greek masters in Babylon. Antonius
rhaturally took the Greek "side" in this conflict, offering
the Grecks his assistance in whatever means were at his
disposal —eventotheexteritof publicly revealing himself
in order to exert the full force of his presence upon the
masses [t was during this time that the mysterious lord of
Rhoda became known, to koth Cainite and kine, as the
Boy-King

In retaliation, the Copts expressed their displeasure
by exaggerating the metaphysical differences of Greek
Christianity, eventually leading to an all-out schism be
ween the two communions. The Monophysite Coptic
‘Church, a5 it came to be known, recognized its own
patriarch in Alexandria, while the Malikite Christians
continued to follow the Byrantine patriarch in
Constantinople. The Egyptian Christians grew ro despise
Byzantium and all that itstood for, Ever as it preached its
doctrine of unity and grace, the empize gave to the Egyp-
tions only inequality and perseeution.

Before this rime, Agonistes had acted ro subdue any
ides of revolution among the Copts. He had endorsed
patience and wislom, guiding them to reach a certain
level of peaceful acceptance in their situation. But now,
after Diocletian, the levee was broken, and Agonistes
watched as the Copts of Babylon revolted in long-sup-
pressed anger:

Although Antonius believed in his own divine right
to mule, he also respected the power that his neighbor
neross the river held over the Coptic Christians. He was
lessconcerned about why —in thisease, because Agonistes
setually cared for "his" kine — than the bottom line,
which was that Agonistes was powerful and that his many
followers revered ind obeyed him.

His solution was to divorce the two Cainite overlords
from one another — to mutually allow that each held

\etests in differing mortal spheres —and he sent word of
such proposition to Agonistes one night sn the mid-
fourth century. Withoutever meeting face toface, the two
aygeed: Antonius would claim domain over the Nile
Telands, os well as the adiinistuation of the mortal bureau-
racy, and Agonistes would continue to guide the
spirituality of the kine within his own demain — the
fortress-city of Babylon. From then on, both avowed that
neither Camite would or could claim domain (in the
traditional sense) over the other

Even though hostilities would continue to erupe be:
‘oveen the Coptsand theie religious oppressors, the Cainites
hhad largely removed chemselves from the situation.

‘Antonius took no part in these persecutions, and indeed,
he even acted w tum mortal attentions coward more
practical and constuctive ends. Meanwhile, Agonistes
‘continued to assist thve Capts where he could, bur offered

GronNar


nodirectaidin theirperiodic revolts. Hisown studies kept
him more than occupied

Jn AD 450, Agonistes' eternal companion in study,
Nohon das, left Babylon to return w hisown homeland for
the first time in nearly a thousand years. Things were
simmering down in Egypt, and Nabonidus had urgent
business ro attend to back east. Left to his own devices,
Agonistes drew ever more inward. Without companion:
shup, he had only his own thoughts to occupy him... and
the time co allow them full occupation. His people were
the province of the Bysautine lols uf far-off
Constantinople, and he could do little for them anymore.
By the time the Eastem empire hegan its decline, the
Baton of Babylon was ite moe than a shaw inthe
hut

At-Fustat

In the year 640, a force came out of Ania that would
foreveralter the face of Egypt. A man named Arae ibe al-As
— the military representative of the caliph in Medina —
arrived at the gates of Babylon ar the head of 5,000 men.
‘Much of Byzantium had fallen to the tide of Islam already,
and Egypt was an important conquest in the Muslim eam:
ign. Although the Copts were more than ready t0 be
"rescue from their Byzantine oppressors the Roman garr
‘on inside the fortress was not inclined to give up so easily.
<Afiera lengehy siege, Bubylon opened its gates to the Arabs,
With untold reperctssions for the land of Egype.

Annr initially planned to keep the capitol at Alexan:
dia, which he successful sieyed from its patriarch, Cyrus,
after setting up his rent outside of Babylon. When he sent

‘word of his plans, however, the response from the caliph
wassimple anal to the point: "Will there be water between
myselfand the Muslim army?!" Amr had toadmit that there
would be. Rather thanallow this, the caliph instructed his
general to found anew capitol m the vicinity of Memphis,
bur on the east bank of the Nile — closer to Araby and
divided only by sand.

When Ame returned from Alexandria, he was greeted
byapeculiae sight: There, ina fold in the goat-hair draperies
ot his tent (in Arabte, "fustat"), x single dove had made her
next. Amr declared the site secred ancl commande thatthe
dave and her brood be left unmolested. When the young
doves grew to adulthood, vacating the nest soon after, Aint
buile upon the site the fir mescue in the land of Eyype: Ie
would grow to become the center of Ams new capitol, Al-
Fustat — the city of the tent. With Ams subsequent
‘opening of the Red Sea Cancl, the city would become the
pivoral linking bridge to ease and west

In laying down the design for his new city, Ame
established a series of tribal domains called khiteas. This
new city was tobeof considerablesize, asthe Muslim army
needed enough space to provide separate and distinct
regions for the various Arabian tribes that were repre-
sented in his army, Preventing 1 lies who, had

feuded in Arabia from continuing those feuds in Egypt was
of paramount concern to the Atab general

This plan, while logical for the new mortal retidents
of the area, resulted in a serious conflict between the
Cainites at the time: Several martal Khittas were estab
lished in the land around the new Arab city — territory
(and kine) which Antonius and bis brood had planned to
share equally with Agonistes' childer in Babylon. Un
known tothem, however, thisterritory already held Cainite
{inhabitants ofits own; Cainites who now stepped forward
listo the light for die fae tine to hay claion co hve mlox of
mortals into their domain. These Cainites were the Fol-
lowers ofSer. By their own arrangement, however, tradition
forbade either Antonius or Agonistes' brocal from suit
manly evicting the previous Cainites. Therefore, they
soon agreed to acknowledge the Serite right to domain in
thearea around Al-Fustat,@ longas their own traditional
rights were so respected.

Thispeace would last until 661, when a vicious power
struggle over slamiccaliphare occurred. At thar time, the
wisest course of action forthe governor of Egypewas to side
with Umayyads from Damascus. Their tivals, the Abbasids
—a violent tribe claiming descent from the Propher'e
uncle, Abbss — had surfaced in Baghdad and were laying
claim to all hat Ame (among others) had won for Umar,
the second caliph. Although the Abbasids were initially

repelled, Egypt was destined to fall to their hands and
would do oo less than a cenmury later.

Assamite Eaypt

The Abbasids, using the sympathies of the Shi'a
movement as well as the latent Persian resentment at
Arabian supremacy, soon undermined Utnayyad control
enough tosparka revolt. The last Unayyad caliph, Marwan,
fled to Ezype in the hopes thar he could rule from an
‘outlying province while rebuilding the Umayyad jugger-
aut. When the Abbasids led by a brutal general named
Saleh, arrived in Fustat in 750, Marwan et fire to. Al
Fustatand escaped to Rhoda across boat bridge, which he
then burned as well

The Followers of Ser cried foul at the destruction of
their domain, insisting that Antonius give up the culprit
at once. The Vertrue had had little to do with Marwan's
desperate move, and in the interests of maintaining peace
between the Cainites of the area, Antonius did just that
To further placate the Setites, Caliph Marwan's head was
paraded around the remains of Al-Fustat before being
shipped backed to Baghdad

Soon after, the remaining members of the Umayyad
family were invited to a wholesale slaughter after bein
promised an amnesty by the new Abbasid caliph. Only a
single relative escaped, fleeing to Muslim Spain in the
hopes of mising support foran independent dynasty there
Once Abbasid control over the Mustim empire was thus
cemented, the Abbasid caliph, Al-Saffah ("The
Slaughterer"), sent a governor to Egypt with instructions

(Gum One: Sas or ire: A Hr oF Coto

»


tw build anew capitol city adjacent to the charred rains of
Al-Fustat, This new city, called Al-Askar ("the Canton-
ments"), was to lay to the north of the first Arab city in
Egypt, along the river Nile.

Although several Assamites used the Abbasid take-
‘over roestablish clan presence in Egypr,ane in particular
—the most cleverandl enterprising —stood apart from the
rest. This Assomire, the renowned warrior-poet Antara,
used the construction of the Abbasid capitol to establish
a new khitta where from the clan could grow strong in
Egypt. In addition, Antara had come from pre-lslamic
Redoutn stock and was not perceived as a Persian Cainite
by either Antonius or those of Agonistes' line. Therefore,
while other Assamites often met with resentment and
stony defiance from area residents, Antara was greeted as
4 Catnite of some refinement — or at least the lesser of
evils — rather than as an invading barbarian,

‘Antara used this perception of sophistication, as well
a his considerable reputation as a mythic hero, to subtly
brush aside those of his clan who would challenge his
authority in Al-Askat. When faced with treatment such as
this from both within and without, the remainder of the

Children of Hagim who had accompanied the Abbasids
into Egypt soon evacuated the area. Some moved to othet
partsot the country —the majority of those to Alexandria
— but mostsimply recurned to Alamut, leaving Antara in
sole possession of the new domain that encompassed

Egypt's capitol city.

Inn TuLuN

Although Antara was both honorable and fair in his
dealings, the area's mortal masters — the Abbasids —
were neither, The administration in Egypt began todisin-
tegrute, Taxes on the province grew intolerable, inflation
skyrocketed and personal freedoms became nearly nonex-
istent. The Abbasids, careless with the delicacy of the
Muslim-Copr situation, had resorted to periodic massacres
to impose order. Needless to say, ther so-called solutions
solved nothing, and the weak succession of Abbasid ca:
liphs eventually tured Islam into a feudal empire of
parceled-out fiefdoms in order to pay their own outrageous
expenses. The land of Egypt became one such property.

In 868, Egypt was offered to a Turkish officer named
‘Bayik Bey who, in turn, dispatched his son-in-law Ahmad
to take control of the situation. Ahmed was the son of a
Turkish slave from Bokhara named Tulun who had been
given asa present to Caliph Mamoun in 815. Tulun's son
was educated in the highest traditions of the period, and he
had camed considerable respect for his brave and loyal
service to the caliph.

nce in Egypt, Ibn Tulun moved to consolidate the
government and steady the economy. Moreover, he rein-
stated desperately needed personal freedoms while imposing

n equally necessary orderliness upon the domain. Notic-

Ingthot he could maintain trade with the East on his own,
Iba Tulun soon formulated berter uss for Egypt's growing
treasury at home. After rising a powerful army of loyal

followers, Egypt's governor began to send less and less of
the province's tax revenues to Roghalad. Egypt, he had
decided, was destined to stand on its own

In 870, only two years after his arival, Abed hn
‘Tulun declared Egypt an independent entity under the
religious authority of the Abbastd caliph, making him the
first independent ruler of Egypt since Cleopatra. To con-
firm his new order, kn Tulun soon founded a new capitol
just north of old one, which he called AlQutai (the
Wards"). He built many palaces and pleasure gardens
there, as well as an impressive mosque in his name at the
center ofall. Afterall this time, lon Tulun's mosque still
stands as largest place of worship in. Cato, as well as the
only emaining buildingofhisoriginal military city. When
Ibn Tulun died, he left Egypt to hisson, Khamaraweh, who
hhad to resort ro marrying the Abbasid caliphs daugte
order to maintain control. Sensing Khamaraweh's inher
ent weakness, the Cainites of the area looked ahead,

Although Ibn Tulun's dreams of an independent
Egypt had been entirely his own, an enterprising Setire
capitalized on the impending collapse of the Tulunid

Whi clanmates to dircet their ener:
‘ees towaid sciasating: he now-rebult Al-Fustat—theit
tribal domain —asthe preeminentkhitaofthe ares. And
in 905, with the death of Ibn Tulun's grandson Hatoun,
the Abbasid army invaded, leveling Al-Qauat in the pro
cess. Rather than reinstate the former capitol of AL-Askar,
however, the Abbasids instead moved the capitol back
Al-Pustat! Against all odds, the Followers of Set had
triumphed.

‘The otherCainites oftheurea were aghast. Aftersich
careful negotiations on Antara's part, how could the
Sevites accomplish such a dificult mask? Antara lost much
respect in the eyes of his fellow Cainites, who had long
tolerated his position ae the head af the *ruling" domain
simply because it ensured that the Followers of Ser would
remain weak. When Antara realized what baal happenes
he became enraged. Through the Abbasid caliph of
‘Baghdad, the Old Man had spoken, Antara' sc
hhadapparently so rankled clan elders at Alam ey
willingly allowed the Setite plan to follow through —
lesson to those who would forget that, with the Children
of Hagim, loyaley comes frst. Egypt was not nearly as
important to them as it was to Antara, and they trusted
that the "message" they sent would ultimately have the
desited effect.

Anrara would not be humbled, however: Hisrespore
was to mcite the other Caintes, as well as the kine, against
the Followers of Set and their mortal agents and allics in
thearea. He was frighteningly successful in thisendeavor,
resulting in 1 30-yeur period af sheer anarchy as the kine
spiraled out of control, Revolts became commonplace and
blood filled the streets of every tribal khitta

Someone finally acted to put an end to this chaos by
the appointment of a new governor named Mohammed
Thr Tough), another Turkish officer and former slave.
Unknown to the Cainitesat the time, the one responsible

(Gaon Nor


vas Antonius himself, who had planted Ibn Tough) (a
long-time gh of his) within the Abbasid elite inorder to
achieve his own ambitious ends.

Al-lkshid, as fbn Tough) came to he known, settled
the disputes among che kine by gathering together all the
disparate towns, and thus the khittas, together asone city.
Inones
hand. In what hay come to be known as the Rhoda
Proclamation, Antonius announced his sovereignty over
ill other Cainites in the area, while acknowledging thete
continued rights 9 domain and limited self-goveuauce.
With the exception of the Followers of Ser, the majerity
‘of Caine's childer — desperate for an end to the turmoil of
the previous 30 years and, iftruth be told, starved for true
gundance of any kind —accepted graciously. Ir was not
long before Antonius came to be known a sultan of the
Children of Caine

Crry oF TRIUMpH

Although the 10th century saw the city ruled by the
descendantsof bn Toughj, the Tkshidite dynasty was weak
overall, and the Abbasid caliphace was soon challenged by
a Shi'a caliph from North Atrica— Al-Muizz Ledin Allah
("Glorifier of the Wall of Allah") — claiming to be
descended from the Propher's daughter, Fatima.

On August 5th, 969, the Fatimid general, Gawharthe
Sicilian, acrived in Cairo at the head ofan enormousarmy,
The Shi'a caliph had pur over 100,000 men athis general's
disposal, and the general had made good use of them. They
occupied Alexandria some months before, and had now
advanced upon the expital with ease. Not only were the
natives sorely outnumbered, but Egypt had recently suf-
fered nt the handsof a temble plague, and the capitol city
could not put up much of a fight.

‘Arrivinse with the Fatimid army was 4 North African

soba king named Sharif al-Lam'a. He had left his
home in Tunis with only a | consort and a fervent
dream of lslamic unity. Under King Sharifs guidance, the
conquering Fatimid general con laid outa plan fora new,
enclosed capitol city in the name of the Shia caliph.

ity would bean exclusive enclave of walled

ade grounds and private gardens. (This notion

would be copied some years later by the Chinese in their

construction of the Forbidden City at Beijing), King

Shans im was t9 tum Cairo into the center of Islamic

\f not the center of the entice faith, where the

devout could core to learn, pray and stuxy in peace, free

from the chaos of the outside world. Construction soon

luding the construction of

the world's first ity, Al-Achar, as well as many
ther palaces, mosques and bathhouses..

Four years later, when the walled city and all its
wonders were completed, the caliph himself traveled to
take up residence, leaving a viceroy behind in North
Arica, When the caliph arrived, he renamed the city Al-
(Quhira ("the Triutnphane") and Caito was bor.

King Sharifcould finally extendhisopen invitation to
the Ashirra to come and partake of the greatest eity in
Islam. He welcomed all those who would pray inside the
walls of Al-Qahira, and evicted those who would taint his,
vision of faith. He especially deplored the Followersof Set,
who befouled everything in Cairo with thett selfish de>
sires King Sharif dream son becameareality,asSuleiman
ibn Abciullah himself — the mullah of the Ashirra —
personally accepted Sharif's invitation, gladly making
Cairo his new home ax an honored guest of the Pat

of Banu al-Lam.

SALAHAL-DIN

Exactly 200 years after the arrival of the
rulership over Cairo fell to one of the most famous figures,
of medieval history. Salah al-Din ibn Ayyub ("Salah the
Righteous") — known to the West as Saladin — was a
Kurdish warrior who had risen swiftly in the ranks of the
‘Syrian army in Damascus. In 1164, Salah al-Din was:
along with his uncle Shirkoh, to assist the floundering
Fatimids in repelling the Frankish invaders. The Fatimids
were already paying a yearly tribute to the Franks, and
another Crusade might well spell ruin for Egypt

Although initially successful, che Frankieh kiryy was
bent on being the first to successfully take Egypt. In 1168,
hhe decided to invade in eamest. In a desperate attempt t
prevent the Frankish army from occupying Al-Fustitt and
Using itasa base camp from which to assault Cairo, the last
Fatimid caliph ordered the southern city burned to the
ground. Over the course of 54 days and nights, the Setite
Khitta was slowly incinerated. Its remaining. residents
moved north into Cairo proper, there to he tolerated by
the Lasombra as part of their domain

It was a masterstroke on the pire of Antara and his
brotherin-faith, King Sharif The arrangement reached be-
‘tween the two was simple: In exchange for Antani's support
im achiewing the destruction of the Setite domain, the
Lasombra king would agree to open the walled city of Caito
to the general public. [n addicion, the two agreed to fim
future support fone another in all matters fellow Ashirra

Unfortunately for them, they didn't count on Salah
al-Din'sembirion. A fterthe death of the Fan
1171, he assumed power and immediately be
ing massive changes throughout Egypt. He restored the
nameof the Sunnicaliph in daily worship and replaced the
Farimid's elaborate bureaucracy with a unique feudal sys:
tem that gave hisofficers control over llageicultural and
He then brought Frankish prisoners captured during the
‘Crusades back to Cairo to assist in the construction of a
pew governmental housing complex on a spur of th
Magattam Hills, 2 massive enclosed fortress called the
Citadel. This act rankled Antonius mote than anything
else due to the fact that Cairo's rulers had
ruled from royal palaces within his own dom:
Nileisland of Rhoda. The emergence of the Citadel would
thus spell an end to any possible influence he may hve
had over Cairo's ruling class, The sultan's new advisor,
however—aKindrednnamed Jubal whohadcometoCaito

‘Gear Ove: Sas or rie Fars: A Hisar oF Caro


following Salah al-Din's conquest of Nubia — counseled
‘him against resisting the move to the Citadel, and the
sultan wisely listened

More importantly, however, the erection of the Cita
del signaled the dawn of a new khitta in Cairo. So many
people moved into this new territory on the eastern edge
‘of the city, that Cairo's Cainites soon became concemed
ts wo whose province all these new mortals would be. This
question was answered in 1193, following the death of
Salah al-Din in Damascus. The area around the Citadel,
ont f the Arnos Wh and ouch ofthe Locate
domain, was soon claimed by the Hajj — the Muslim
Nosferam of the Middle East — who had steadily been
‘growing in numbers during Caleo's rise to prominence
under the Fatimids. Following the death of Salah al-Din,
they finally came forward with one voice, Under the
guidance their new leader, Ibn Ja'
dant of Tarique — the founder of the Hajj —theiedomain
would grow to become one of the most populous and
influential in all of

DawnorTHe MAMELUKE

After the death of the great Salah al-Din, his descen-
dants — the Ayyubids — would rue in his name for only.
three generations, in keeping with traditional eyeles of
succession in the Levant. The last Ayyubid sultan, Malik
al-Salih al-Din Ayub, had imprisoned his brother in the
Citadel and then gone off to fight the Crusaders in Syria.

‘To strengthen his power base, the sultan had acquised a
large number of Kipchak soldiers from the Turkish speak

ing area berween the Urals and the Carpian Sea. These
mercenary soldiers were known as Mamelukes, meaning
"white shaves."

By 1247, the Mamelukes had become i proud milicary
caste —an ingrained part of Egyptian life—and the sultan
required | wg numbers of them to maintain his hold
over the: hie time Egyps was finally challenged
at home by Louis IX of France during the Seventh Cru-
sade, Sultan Ayyub was on his deathbed with tuberculosis
and surrounded only by the Mameluke guard. His eldest
son, Turan Shah, was at war in Iraq and his youngest son
by his second wife was still an infant.

This second wife, a woman named Shagaret al
Dir ("tree of pearls"), had been a Turkish slave girl
herself. When the sultan died, she took surprising
initiative, whisking her husband's corpse from the
battlefield to the Mameluke barracks on Rhoda. She
did this to buy time, convincing the city that her
husband was ill (rather than dead) and insisting on
‘euuiayg 1a him personally. She announced to the pub
lic that it was the sultan's wish chat all power be
delegated toa generalissimo —one of the Mamelukes —
who would act as viceroy until her son returned.

When the generalissimo of choice was slain in battle,
a Mameluke named Beybats launched a counterattack,
soundly defeating the French and imprisoning their king
anahouse in Mansoura. Thisgave Turan Shah the|

needed to return to Cairo and, upon entering.
ceded the drone. When the Marncluke Beylars returned

victorious, however, he had the sultan mutdered and
instituted Shagaret al-Durras sultana.

The caliph in Baghdad objected to a Veale rule,
however, and she gracefully stepped aside, allowing het
lover, Aibek. to assume the throne. Discoveringhisplotto
remarry, she then had Aibek murdered, and his Mameluke
suards had her imprisoned within the Citadel. For the
next sultan, the Mamelukes chase ane of Aibck's sons
from another wife, who then gave Shagaret al-Durt as a
"gift" to his mother. The new sultan's mother had the
former queen beaten with sua clogs and then tossed
naked over the Citadel walls into the moat. The termble
death of Shagaret al-Durr, together with the Mongol
destruction of Baghdad only a year later, would mark the
iawn of 3 260-year period of independent Mameluke rule
in Egypt

PRINcEOFSLAVES

The Cainites of Cairo prospered under Mameluke rule
Although its rulers were ruthless and perry (only 10 died in
office of rareal exes), Mameluke Egypt creed with

Grow Nar


time of great sophistication and prosperity, especially
for Cairo, Each of the 53 Mameluke suleans who ruled
between 1258 and 1517 erted two make a lasting mark on the

the form of mos, madrassa or other
Aignificant accomplishment. The result wasa golden era for
thecity thacwas marched only by the grace of early Fatamid
Feype.

In around 1365, a visitor came to Rhoda to present
himself before Sultan Antonius ae his island estate. He
increxluced himselfas Mukhtar Bey, claimingneither lineage
nor frnly line. When the sultan's guards actempeed to evict
the Caitif for his temerity, he made short work of them and
repeated his request for acceptance into the City Trium-
phant. The sultan, seeing something appealing im the
Mameluke waror eho stale, gramme Cacit

sion to reside insicle is personal Khitta on the Nile
Misnds At fine, the new Cautff was given the tk of
suming the responsibilities of the very guards he had
dispatched, purciny himself a the sulran's right hand. But
over the next 40 years, Makhmr Bey would grow into
something much more precious to the Boy-King.

Until 1382, Egypt was ruled from the island of Rhoda
by asuccession of Mamelukes called the Bahai. Afterthe
aceession of Sultan Barqug, however, govemance shifted
tothe Circassian Mamelukes ("Tower Shives") whoopted
to reign from the Citadel. The induction of Sultan Bargug
was. carefully contrived maneuver on the part of Sultan
Antonius, who had long since withdrawn tore and mare
into his own concems. He rarely ceceived visi
preferring only the company of is new Calif ade

id even begun ignoring the counsel of his long-time

jer, Jubal. Although the Setites sell held no official
domain in Cairo, the sultan's inactivity amoxsnted tes
sreet-light forall their various and sundry depredations,
and they now thrived in Cairo like never before

In the early centuries of his reign, Antonius had done
much to assist in the effore of keeping the Lupines of the
area at hay, even promising spectal rewards t those who
could bring hirm proof of their victories. Bur by the dawn
of the 15th century, the Lupine population of the:ea was
experiencing something of a resurgence. The sultan no
longer provided his eatlier incentives, and haa long since
ceased taking any actions himself im this regard. Sensing
thar the vampiric overlords of Cairo had grown weak, the
Lupines grew bold. They slowly tested the boundaries of
Ghinite tolerance in Cairo until Gnally, in 1406, they
made theirmove. Ina nighttime assault on the Nile island
cf Rhoda, they slaughtered Sultan Antonius, devastating
his island haven. completely.

With the death of the sultan, Cairo was thrown into
diswray Many hcl grown so used co the Boy-King's
Jrexence assultan, they could not even conceive of hisnot
being there. Sensing this confusion, several of Cairo's
‘mote pragmatic Cainites — including Antonius' few re-
‘mining childer — came before Mukhar Bey with 2
collective plea for leadership. Although he was a Caitiff,
tone knew more about the administration of Antonius'
domain than he, and they begged him to stake his clit.
‘The Setites were on the move, eager to take advantage of

the situation, and the Ashirra greatly preferred
Muslim in power in Cairo, even if he was a Caitif

‘When faced with this, Mukhtar Bey stepped forward
as the new Sultan of Cairo, inheriting the Nile sands
from his former liege and rebuilding the glorious island
haven thatthe Lupines had destroyed. To honot his fall
lhege, he granted the former sultan's descendants the rights
toan "indefinite" Khitta made up by the outer rim of the

y. Thus, Mukhtar Bey ensuted thar, while Cairo ex
panded, +0 to0 would Antonius' memory.

Immediately.the new sulran was buried in difficulies
Inaddition to the many mortal matters of state within his
domain, Mukhtar Bey was immediarely forced to contend
with one of the most earth-shaking periods in Cainite
history. Not long after his accession to power in Cairo,
‘ebellious childer from Europe began (© run in blood.
thirsty packs, shuvghtering and diablerieing their sites ina
wave of patricidal rage. And when this wave finally hit
Egypt, it did s0 with disastrous results for the Lasombra,

though the majority of Middle-Eastern Cainites
hhad the norion of fltal piety — reverence of one's ancey-
tors —even more thoroughly ingrained in them than their
Western cousins did, the Lasombyra were something of an
exception to this norm. As in all things, the clan of
shadows followed its own rules regarding sire-childe rela
tions, and it was not long before the Patriarch of Banu
al-Lan'a — King Sharif himself —was brought down ir
the bloody tide of the Anarch Revolt.

Led by one of Sharif own line —a vicious Lascn
named Muntheral-Aswad—a packof ravening neonates
broke throngh the gates tohis palace i the old walled city,
Although he fought boldly, removing every attacker's
head sive that of his own childe (whom he could not
destroy), the Lasombra lord eventually fell.

The death of King Sh ea the erwd ofan era in
(Caio for the Muslim Childten of Caine. Sharit's old ally
Suleiman ibn Abdullah, the mullah of the Achiera, quietly
left the city nor long thereafter.
speech to the collected Ashitra, Suleiman remarked, "The
glory of Cairo has well and truly gone."

Turxisy Caro
Although the establishment of the Camarilla helped

to stabilize the Cainite situation in Cairo, other forces

were conspiring against Egypt as a whole. The Ortoman,

stac wason the rise in the cast, and the Turks had already

captured Constantinople in 1453, renaming itIscanbul. In

adiion, Exyprs economy had suffered following the
of d

discovery of the Cape of Good Hope in 1488, and the
Mamielukes hod loot several pivotal crade rout

ing Turks as well. So, although the Convention of
Thoms (which marked the end of the Anarch Revolt in
1496) was beneficial to the Cainites, it also marked the
beginning of the end for the Mamelukes.

‘Twenty years later, in 1516, the Mamelukes rode out
to Syria to face the Turks once and forall. Although ther
cause was bold, the Sultan al-Ghouri was a plump
78 years, and his retinue was filled with mueyzins, scribes,

fellow

(Quma Ox:$06 oF frre: A Hom oF Can

ry


poets — everything but war-hardened soldiers In addi-
tion, the Egyptians had heen betrayed by the Mameluke
Governor of Aleppo, Khair Bey, who had struck a deal
with the Ottoman sultan, Selim the Grim, The Egypeians
were smnihilated, and the head of Sultan al-Ghouri was
(0 Ieanbul as a trophy.

Jim the Grim offered the last Mamncluke sultan,

Bey, the chance to become a viceroy of the

empire; to ship yearly tribute to Istanbul
ispredeceasors bad to Bayhsad. Tuman Bey's

to come to terms was rejected by Selim: Became.
‘Ottoman vassal or

‘lim would invade and behead
ito. The last Mameluke ruler

Was, ironically, perhaps its most honorable, and he
refused to capitulate, He fought the Turks with his last
breath, and had even made his way to Selim's war tent
‘outside the city before Cairo finally fell in 1512.
Under the Turks, Cairo withered. In one swift errokey
Egypt had lost borh itssulran and is caliph — isindepen:
dence and its religion — and the spiit ofits people had
‘been broken, To a large extent, the common impression
‘was that no sooner hadi the nation acclimated to the rule


to please the Caititf lord's new E allies.

Tue Lion oF THE Levant
Although the presence of Napoleon in Egy
brief one (he came and went inside of three ¥
wportant for three
tesponsibl
count — whic
through Second, French presence would ulti
mately establish anew Toreador khitta around the Nileside
port of Bulag, Third, Napoleon's exit set the stage for the
Ali, the Lion of the Levant
Macedonian officer who spoke
no Arabic. Originally sent to Egypt in 1798 as second-in
become the Ottoman-appointed pasha in 1801. The Turk
ef to reaifirm their control, now that the Beitish
sout of Egype, and their appointment
f Muhammad Ali was a major step along that path... or
w they thought.
Between 1801 and 1811, Muhammad Ali gathered
command. Ali understood that if he were ti
yyth once and forall. In 1805, he took hisfirst step. He set
ap for many of the dissident beys who disputed his
authority as pasha, tricking them into parading down a
treet where Ali had posted a hundred rooftop snipers. His,
red them a
to a man. In a single af mad Alt had
Many Cainites perceived the massacre of the
Mamelukes to be « direct shot to the power bave of the
Set in this, as Prince Mukhtar Bey had long denied them
owandly act in
name. He re Ortoman sultan in
theory, but in reality, Muhammad Ali ruled Egypt a
And he didn't
Within a few short years, Muhammad Al
became apparent to Istanbul, as he had overste

Gurr Ow: Sas oF x Fra: A Hor oF Como
45


authority in reaching beyond Egypt to capture territories
as far east ax Syria and Crete. In supporting his bid for
‘consolidation over the Mamelukes, the Turks had created
a monster who was now slipping from their control.
Although the Ottomans eventual cane
tostop the lon'srampage, the best they could hope for was
‘compromise in the form of aguaranccal khealivate—or,
right to familial succession — for Ali's line over Egypt.

British Occupation

When Muhammad Alt died in 1819, his succeasocs
had their work cut out for ther, The Ortoman sultan had
granted the British the right to unrestricted trade in 1838,
and this had the ultimate effect of killing the burgeoning
industrial system in Egype. With England capable of un-
dervelling all products of Egyptian industry, Egypr was
forced to close down many of its factories and return tw
primary production.

Although All's first two successors, Khedives Abbas
and Said, were responsible for bringing Egyptback intothe
global community, it was the reign of Ismaul Pasha (1863:
1879) that would have the most effect on the nation.

ll oyersaw the construction of the critical Sues Canal,

finally opened in. 1869, and he commissioned

e Verdi to compose the magnificent opera Auda.
hitisrumored that the Toreadorand Ventruchad

some influence in this issue, iis highly unlikely, since the

prince had declared that any who interfered in the compo-
sition of the great work were to suffer the Lextaliomis on
the spor. Ismail also built extensively in Central Caito,

making good use of new riverside land created by the
westward movement of the Nile. Over the course of his
eign, Ismail had constructed everything from lighthouses
tw post offices to girly' schools to European hotels,
Unforcunately for Egypt, such grand designs cost
money, and Ismail had fallen into horrible debe by 1879.
Burdened by commitments he could not bon, mail
Pasha abslicared, leaving his precarious nation' in the
hands of his successor, Tawfiq. A weak and gullible man,
Tawfiq listened to his West-friendly advisors and, in so
doing, allowed far too much foreign influence into state
an uprising in the Egyptian army,
‘wafiq appointed a man named Ahmed Orabi as the
Minister ot only to tum around and ask the British for
hhelp in defeating him. Thus, in 1882 British forces landed
in Alexandria, putting an end to Orabi's revolt and start-
ing a British occupation that would persist in one form or
another for the next 70 years,
Fram 1883 co 1907, Egypt was governed forall intents
and purposes by the British Consul, Lord Cron
successors did little to assuage the growing Egypt
sentment. In the 1920s, Prince Mukhtar Bey surprised bis
city by instituting a panel of Cainite advisors, which he
called the Consultative Council. Many believe thar he
had grown weary of attempting to negotiate the situation
all his own, and had decided thae the expulsion of the
British could only be accomplished by collective effort
from all che Cainites of Cairo. Others believe that he
simply wanted to keep tabs on the various sub-domains of

his city, whose vampiric memberships Ind swelled in
‘recent years. Cairo had seen a population explosion since
the tum of the century, which, in turn, had provided for
increasing numbers of undead.

BLACK SATURDAY

"The struggle tor Egyptian independence finally came
to ahead on Saturday, January 26, 1952. The day before,
Britain's commanding general had sent troops toa police
furracks in Ismailia with orders to disarm the officers
there. When they resisted, the British blasted thre barracks
with tank fire, killing 50 Egyprian policemen. The follow-
ing morning, asnews of the massacre hit home, Cairo bust
ito flames

Although mortals remember Black Saturday as the
dawn of the Egyptian republic — the ime when Gamal
‘Abel Nasser and his Free Officers finally wrested control
oftheir homeland from the Bit once and fr all-the

inites remember it asa grisly fate narrowly escaped.
Liplacaewie wet gael eaaniog Beige sl on
using the Free Officers movement as a cover for their
activities in Cairo,

As the fires of revolution raged across Cairo, several
Lupine war parties made their way through the city in
search of carefully reconnoitered targets. They struck
during the day, incinerating suspected havensand burning
Cainite businesses to the ground. Even more surprising
was the fact char their assaults continued on not only
through the night, bur through the twonightsfollowing as
well. The Lupines were setious about declaring waron the
Cainites of Caieo,

Oaly through the timely counsel ofa Malkavian elder
‘nomex Nacrudin was the greater alamity avoided. Shortly
before the attack, Nazrudin had received a vision warning
hhim of the impendingassault, Prince Mukhtar Bey had just
‘rough time to make some last-minute preparations, in
cluding the assembly of a Cainite response team, before
the Lupines struck. Although the city did indeed suffer
some serious losses over the course of those three bloody
nights — including the deaths of at least five known
Cainite residents — the prince managed toavert the worst
of many possible outcomes with strategic use of both
Nazrudin's information and the Cainite warriors he had
placed at his own disposal. With the assistance of the
‘Gangrel of Banu al-Giza, the invading Lupines were soon
‘outed froin the city, and their war with Cairo was over by
the morning of the fourth day.

ReconstRucrion

In the time following Black Saturday, ir seemed that
‘every Cainite in Cairo hada "worthy" cause. Iewas ironic,
as the greatest cause to the Egyptian people hud already
been wea with the expulsion of the Batish. Nonetheless,
the prince was soon besieged by requests of all kinds,
ranging from the relatively reasonable to the absolutely
‘outrageous. Although he understood the underlying tea:
son behind it all — Cairo was growing at an unheard of

‘Gaon Naw

%

race, ind there were no systems in phice ro deal with such
‘ast expansion —it didnot makehistask uny lessdifficul

A smooth-talking Follower of Set — an attorney —
attempted to convince the prince that his clan still pos-
sessed a legal" right to a domain in Cairo, even if there
were no mortals living in said demain at the moment. The
Gaitiff of Cairo, led by « blind and charismatic Cainite
named Waulkeen, were now loutlly demanding repara-
tionsforthe losses they had incurred during che war with

the Lupines. The Sabbat-loyal Lasombra of Barual-Laen'a
hhad increasingly lobhied fne intercession on behalfof their
‘Camarilla detractors,

The prince's solution was simplicity itself: He simply
sucquiesced to every (reasonable) demand hae came be-
fore him. Mukhtar Bey seemed to have grown tired of
conflict and, knowing thar Cairo's bustling expansion
could only spell mote conflict in the near future, he opted
to teduce the umount of unnecessary chaos in bis city.
‘Therefore, the Setite domain was indeed reinstated, the
Caitff were "given" the residential island district of
‘Zamalek, and the entire city wasonce again reminded that
the Lasombea of King Shatif's line had a traditionally

respected right to exist in the city, regardless of their
individual political belies.

(Cesrae Ont: Sis or tne Frias A Hist oF Cn

=

"



And that, till then, the snakes of Hell had need

human souls

Three hundred furnaces soon blazed through the wide city

Where, wit

speed, men brought their infidel kindred to appease

God's wrath, and while they buried, konelt round on quiver

Perey Shelley,

To the average Westerner, the mere mention of
Faypt conjures images of stony edifices amid endless seas
ef sand: ot fo ind temples lost
and ime. Narrow the focus to Cairo, and
strong (if simple) panoply of scenes presents itself tw the
mind's eye —a glimpse of bustling, sun-scorched thor:
the flash of w dusty, minaret-dorted skyline.
ing references to Cairo almost always engender an
» matter how hack

P

eyed that init
Bur even lacvely

tion
wsaic views of the find and its

wisdom of the ancients, and itoften seeks t

asjocations whenever po

alone, where the spirie of early settlers moved them to

remember places that mpi
med Caito, in ankditi

cities toa modern metropolis

Levole of Islam

designed to honor the glory of the ancient Egyptians
an American state capital, Memphis.

Tothe naked and candid eye, howe the layout of
Egypt's c is quite simple. Cairo resembles a large,
opened fan not unlike one that a lady of m
carry to cool herself on a blistering Levantine d
sected rather unevenly by the ri
fan points southward
speaulopening east to west as
a large extent, the view from
ing the geographical occurrence of which it was founded
to take advantage — the Nile Delta

atriarch of
the Midklle Ease may be many things — vibeant, striking,
open-faced and hard; trtursphant to be sure — but she is
most cernainly not gentle, She doesn't present th
slamourof more pretified places along the Fertile

likeCasablanca, Tunisind Jerusalem, whose cobbledstreets

Gert Two; B00 An Seo Cencaane spn Usoxas

®


picturesque buiklings paint an inviting picture to the
tourist community, Caio simply doesn't have the resources
‘ope on glitter — nor does she need to. Her drama goes
deeper and is more sincere.

Her citizens are too busy struggling to provide for
families in an economy that serves only to widen the
nation's already startling tich-poor divide. Modern Egypt
is heavily dependent upon foreign aid, and former Presi-
dent Sadat's open-door policies did little to tum the

-conomic tide in its favor. In an ironic twist, the city's

ly hope may tre in turning international aid ito
capital investment, fostering domesticenterprise through
the Caio Stock Exchange, Therefore, if the beloved
matron possessed of such a glorious pase is to have any
‘kind of future at all, she may well have to open her arms
to the west once again.

To the Kindred of Cairo, the city is broken up into
social rather than topographic zones. These districts,
called khittas, make up much of the city's roral area
and are self-governed — to a point. There are cur-
rently nine separate khittas in Cairo: Banu Abi
ar Raya, Banu Yashkur, Banw al-Lam'a, Banual-Hajpi,
Banu al-Azraq, Banu Duval, Banu Zamalek, Bains al
as-Sai'di and Banu al-Giza. Each of these sub-domains
is housed within one of five broader city districts:
Central Cairo, Islamic Cairo, Mast al-Qadima (Old
Cairo), the Nile Islands or the Periphery.

CeNnTRAL CAIRO

The central plan of the city's interior involves 2
series of squares and gardens interspersed in an irregular
pattern of smaller streets which, in tum, are crossed at
intervals by wider thoroughfares. The soctal and eco-
nomic hub of this pattern is a loosely defined dicericr
commonly referred to as Central Caito. It encompasses
allareasin the critical downtown triangle made by Midan
Tabrir, Midan Ramses and Bur Said — the road chat
‘marked the edge of the Nile and, therefore, the city in
earlier nights, Central Cairo also includes all arca west of
Midan Tahir to the river, as well as north to Shubra and
south to the bottom edge of Garden City,

Although two of Cairo's vampiric sub-domains fall
within Central Cairo, oniy one isan actual khitti, pers.

On Houseanp Home
In Cairo. each tribal domain is preceded by |

the word banu, meaning "house of (in the familial
sense) in Arabic, Much as the Assamices refer to
themselves as che familial issue of their founder —
Banu: Haqim ("house of Hagim")—so, tao, follow
the vampiric "families" of Cairo. Therefore, the
residents of Banu Yashkur, for example, ace
Assamites of the "house of Yashku."

The other is simply the agglomeration of ull territory
<laimed in any ofthe other sub-domains, and isunder the
complete dominion of the prince. This non-khitts 6
often called "Free Cairo" by many of the city's younget
Kindred inhabitants —a title and image that the prince
himself wishes to foster about the area. Other not-so-
young Kindred refertothisremainingdistrictsardeically
as "Banu al: Mukhtar" — though never while the prince
is around, of course.

FreeCamo

‘The only area in the city not within a khitea is the
busy downtown core, often called Free Cairo. The major-
ity of Cairo's immigrant vampires dwell here, as the
prince typically doesn'trequire the residenitsof the khitras
to accept strangers into their domains. Although often
‘viewed as "the prince's khitta," muny Kindred respect his
handling of the complex situation thus far, and most find
hisintersetation of the traditions tolerant and forgiving
— particularly those who dwell in Free Caito. Its said
that the prince has a soft spot for outcasts and, ina city
composed of so many families, those who have no family
to tum to are often the soot quictly cast cut, As result
cf his tolerant policies, however, even this densely popu
lated district is beginning to show the stress of having to
support so many Kindred's vitae requirements. As the
Masquerade remains the prince's highest priority, he may
well have to start looking into other options, Mast of the
Malkavians who come to dwell in Cairo are granted
permission to feed in this area. They have no domain of
their own, and none of the existing khittas have jumped
a the chance to sponsor the Lunatics' needs.

This district ts the newest of the city's domains in
literal sense, as the majority ofits area was uninhabitable,
and langely under the river, until the kiet century. The Nile
hasbeen movingsteadily west overtime, creatingriew areas
of land on the edge of the east bank through siting. The
prince fostered the development of these-areas as 800n as
they became inhabieable, leading to the congested city
center that exists tonight. The nexus of this downtown
‘core, and indeed of Caio itself, isthe Egyptian equivalent
cof Times Square — Midan Talir

PracesorNore

Midan Tahrir: Located in the vibrantheartofdown-
town Cairo, this bustling circle —alsoknownas Liberation
‘Square —isthemectingplace of three ofthe city'sbusiest
hocoxghafares: Shana Tahrir, Sharia Talat Harb and
Sharia Mohammad Mahmoud, Built after the Black
‘Saturday riots on the site of the former British barracks,
itis the city's main public transport terminus, and many
Cairo sights can be reached from the syuire's Sadat
Metro Station. The cafes that dot the popular block
between Sharias Mohammad Mahmoud and Tuhrirhave
longbeen a feature ofl ibetation Square. One was bombed
by Islamic militants in 1993, and another, the Ali Baba

Guon Nor


;
3
j
3
2
i
5


THe Kurta

Ina demographic breakdown of the'city's nue
‘merous undead, the chief organizational tool — the
first "tier" in any such examination —is'a loosely
defined city sector calleda khirea, This term denotes
any one of a group of districts within the city where
a particular community of Kindred retains a legiti-
‘mate nnd often long-standing claim to domain. The
"ruling family" of Kindred within each community is
typically made up of ull hose descending from the
first vampire to lay claim to thar domain, and they
maintain their ongoing rights to the area through
the legacy of their founder.

Eight of these nine sub-domains exist under the
prince' larger claim of domain, and only a portion of
the total vale area inthe cys hitabel The
temainder, the recently developed area encotpassing
Centeal Gain the motean nighgs 6a regen
traditional Camarilla domain and remains the prince's
co dispense ashe pleases. The vast majority of varnpiric
\manigrants to the city, having no claim to terrtoey in
older partsof he city, must request permission from the
Prince ro stay in his city, and they are typically given

permission to feed — discreetly — in this remaming
ttea, This practice has resulted in a recene spike in the
‘vampiric population densiy of tie dewntown core —
‘an ‘finea already stiflingly overcrowded with mortals.

teria, was the regular ‘ing waterhole for Nobel
Prize-winning author Naguib Mahfour until the knife
attack that nearly wok his life, Aside from the hurried
comings und goings, however, few stop to pay any mind
to the square itself. Not only is Midan Tahrit hot. noisy
und entirely without a distinct character, but its profue
sion of thick exhaust fumes is one of the reasons why
lovntown Cairo easily out-pollutes Los Angeles every
day of the wee
American University in Cairo: The AUC is one
he (oremost centers of learning in the Midile East,
full-time faculty members are accred-
ed States. It offers bachelor's and

nthropology to Islamic Areand Archi.
tecture. The university also offers the Caitene Tremere
theit only consolation in being denied access to the
Gaieo University across the ever in Banual-Giza. The
prince has thrown them the bone of unrestricted
vecess to the American University's libraries, galleries
and archives, im the hopes that it will pacify their
requests to move Into territory unwelcoming to them.
He hes their movements very closely, and he has
lately acquired evidence that they are cultivating
some dang sly direct influence over the AUC

(On rare vecasion, the prince will each an understand:
‘nig with one of he other khittas, whereby they agree
to sponsor" the new vampire, thispeoviding him with
feeding grounds inside their domain. Although typi-
cally beneficial for all parties involved, such
‘arrangements have occurred inftcaquently at best
Theninth khitta, called Banval-Giza (hacofien
referred to simply ax the *Wescern Domai"), is
‘considered of-limitsto hose in cheprince'sdomain,
sand feeding from the mortals who reside there is
expressly forbidden. Although the sicuation has
sways been this way during his princedom, Mukhtar
Bey offically publicized the dectee just before the
tuin of the 20th century in what has come to be
known asthe Giza Proclamation. With theeantinu-
ing development on the west bank of the Nile,
however, it is un edict he has become forced 10
defend on a regular bass. Pressure mounts from all
sides of the issue as his expanding city pushes itself
into the'third millenniurs, and many feel thot the
pritice is finally on the verge of repealing the Giza
Proclamation. Tonudge matters long, various "spe
cial intereat"groupsin thecity (suchasthe Tremere)
have attempted to sweeten the pot for the princs,
promising all manner of gratitude should he see his
way to accommodating them in this small matter

faculey. However, his findings do not, as ye
means, motive or desired result in these acti

‘The Mogamma: The enormous 14-story building
that dominates Midan Tahir és called the Mogaram,
dreary off-white structure housing Caito's Cental Go!
emment Complex. Representatives from 14 minis
and 65 other governmental departments arrive in force
cach memingtodotheirpartrokeep the massive Egyptian
bureaucracy —2.5 million workers strong —moving aa
steady (snail's) pace. Allin all, over 18,000 peuple come
here to work every day, with another 50,000 arriving as
visitors, tourists or both. Aside from the Masquerade, the
prince's most stringent nile pertains to the Mogan, a¢
no vampire under his authority is permiteed to meddle
with state or local governments and their officers includ
ing the police. These mortals and the agencies they
represeutt ate the purview of the prince alone. Asiftw seal
the decree, be declared the Mogamma an
after its construction was complete. As he knew it would
te, the contrivance became a langely administrative one.
No Kindied gathering has ever occurred in this stiflingly
dmb monument to mortal inefficiency.

Antiquities, known tothe A
museum"), is a world-famous instirution that has sat off

Gso Nor

2


Midon Tahir foralmostalhundred years. Many know that
it houses over 150,000 antiquities from every period of
Egyptian history: many also know thar Tutankhamun's
rmumuay is located here, as well as a host of 1,700 other
funerary teasunes daring from his brief reign. What many
don't know is that the museum, as well as the Egypeian,
Antiguities Service itself, has been in the hands of the
‘Tremere since the 19th century.

"The museum was initially locared in the old oifices
afthe River Company on che new silt-formed district of
Bulag, Bur with the advent of the French khieta in the
same area, the prince decided that it was best to move
the museum (and thus the Tremere) away from che
‘Toreador, and he relocated the museum to its present
building in carly 1902. Although it has been difficult at
times for the Tremere of Cairo (among other demean-
ing tasks, they often have to import stores of vinie), the
‘exchange has proven well worth it to the clan. With
their patronage, amazing discoveries have taken place
inkgypt, includingthemany findsexcavated by Howard
Carter in the '20s and ‘30s

Gannew Ory

Under the reign of Ismail, a Cairene plot of agricul:
tural land between Qust al-Ainy and Qasr al-Dubara
was essentially "given" to the British, acting as the
headquarcers for the British Army in Egype for some
time In the enely part of the last century, it was further
developed in the style of the old, dolled-up English
‘ubuths, earning it the title of Garden City. While it
remains tranquil, ree-lined suburb amid the
urban spraw! that is the rest of Central Cairo, many
itsrefined,turn-of-the-century villashavebeen ploughed
upby developers, und the area retains only a shadow of
ies former elegance. Located here are the Duk Dole
Felucca landing, as well as several bridges to Manval on
the island of Rhoda. Proximity to the Nile island
‘enoures that only chose whom the prince wishes to keep
close by for one reason or another are granted feeding
rights in Garden City, and crime rates are lower here
thn almost anywhere else in Cairo

The Ventrue who used to call the area home have
moved on to greener pastures, where they envision a
new Garden City in the tasteful Caio suburly of
Heliopolis. The area's most distinguished remaining
indeed cidenct tye Malwvian ber, Nagra, sho
was given w Nilesle estate by the prince following the
‘events of Black Saturday.

EznenHiva

Originally a siall lake outside the Fatimid walls,
this district takes its name from the Mameluke Emir,
Echekal-Yusufi, who buileapalaceon itspeaceful shores
inthe lite 15eh century. lesoon grew to become a place
of both popular entertainment and contemplation,

Erysium
One of the only ways in which the prince
can maintain some degree of direct authority
over the numerous, and often unruly Kindred
of Cairo is by use of the tradition of Elysium
Most Kindred in the city relate to the desire to
preserve the heritage and history of the eity's
ost treasured sites, and more often than not,
they eive their full support ra any declarations
made by the prince, Due to the nacure of
Elysium, che vast majority of sites are located in
Central and Istamie Cairo and the prince has
not, a yet. declared any site west afthe Nile to
he Elysium. Doing so would be an overt dec!
ration of dominion over Banu al-Gisa, and it
would most likely bring consequences he is
unwilling co deal with at this time.

Although declaring a site Elysiom marks it
as free from violence and vulgar displays of
Kindred power, the theory often operates poorly
in practice, and skirmishes sometimes frocly
erupt all across the city — regardless of loca
tion, As the Kindred of Cairo enter the Final
Nights, the frequency of these conflicts in:
creases, and many have lately begun 0 fear
that nothing and nowhere is safe.

The following is list of sites that have beers
declared Elysium around the City Triumphant

* Abdin Palace

* Andalusian Gardens

* Cairo Opera House

* Cairo Tower

* The Citadel

* Cities of the Dead

© Coptic Museum

* Greater Cairo Library

Museum of Islamic Art
© Muscum of Moder Art
+ Khan al-Khalili
 Qusaba Radhwan Bey (The Tentnuker' Bust)
# Ramses Station
© All Hammams and Mosques in the city
(whether protected by Ambient Faith [see
Chapter Fivel or nor)

and, for centuries, it was the site

fa classy neighbor-
hood favored by Cairo's wealthy and elite. Yer,
everything changed when Napoleon arrived. Anillery

leveled many of the palaces, while Napoleon himself.

‘Guts Tuce Busco a0 Su Gace 90 8 Uheeto

3


finding the lake unsightly, had i filled in by his men
after commandecring the finest of its homes for himself.
Later, during the reign of Muhammad Ali, Exbekkiya
was the center of Caito's social life, and the streets that
bordered is beautiful gardens hecame the site of choice
for hotel-builders. Many of Europe's wealthiest and
finest soon had buildings here, including the infamous
English hotel, Shepheard's, which proudly wene up on
the site of Napoleon's former palace
After Shepheard's wae hurne to the ground during

Black Saturday, E:hekkiya bean: to deteriorate. The

arslens were bisected by the extension of Sharia 26th of
July, and much of the remaining green-space became
taken over by new constmetion projects. In order to
preserve what little grass remained, fencing went up to
keep people out, creating a substancial area away fro
view that has drawn both crime and the undead. As
none live hete anymore, the district is not the feeding
ground of any particular vampire or group of vampires,
and it has been the site of numerous vampiric squabbles
aver the mortals who occasionally pass through. Al:
though it wat once a wondrous gaeden epot, modern
Exhekkiya isa hollow place of shadows and fear.

Banu Duvar
‘The area that 1s now the north-Cairo district of

Bulag used to be under water. After the sinkingofaship

alled ALFil ("the Elephant") in the 14th century, an

‘of sandbanks arose as the Nile began to turn
westward. The Mamelukes used the area for archery
practice until Sultan an-Nasir dug his canal, where-
upon he drained che area and issued a proclamation
inviting people to build and settle tn the new Nileside
dlietrice. Fnrcencuries, it was Cairo's busiest pore, reploc-
ing the previous port of Al-Mags, and it fell out of use
only after Egype'sfirscrailway was built in 1851, linking

candria.

‘When Napoleon arrived in 1798, he was fully
intent on staying in Cairo, He made alterations to the
city (alterations that remain to this night), and he took
up residence ina sumptuous palace in Echekkiya. Up
until chat time, the area's only vampiric inhabitant was
Muhandis — the Damascene Toreador and architect
responsible for the design and construction of several
area mosques. When Napoleon and his troops finally
withdrew in 1801, the prince observed iewith the secret
understanding that a khitta would be granted in the

ew" port district of Bulag, under a Toreador named
Jean-Baptiste Duval. The area has been Toreador do-
mun since, and, with the exodus of Muhandis during
the development of the west bank, is now populated
ily by ich descendants of Duval''s line. Being

tans themselves, many of the Duvali Toreador
promulgate the worship of Christ, and they secretly

Cairo. Asa result, one of the highest Christian popula:
tions in Egypt can be found in Bulag.

Pacesor Nore

‘The Abu al-Ela Mosque: Nearer the river, in the
oldesesection of Bulag, sis a small but elegant mosque.
Located just north of the modern Ministry of Foreign
‘Affairs, it was built in 1485 by the Toreador architeer
Muhandis, and it was the center of worship for many
who came through Cairo when Bulag was the busiest
port on the Nile. Nowadays, a 26th of July fly-over
passes the door of the mosque, and the site isn't nearly
aaspicturesque as it once was. The surrounding alleysire
filled witha used car parts marker that quickly becomes
awholesale cloth and clothing bueaar. Since the depar-
ture of Muhandis, the Duvali Toreador have made a
kulling off of not only these merchants, but the many
who come to visit the area as well.

World Trade Center: When the Toreadorof Bulog
aren't sucking the life from the Exyprian locals they're
making the most of the area's largest edifice — the
World Trade Center. Several intemational corpora-
tions take office space here, as well as high finance
merchants and the Australian Embassy. The lavish
penthouse ofthe building ssownedby AndresleCompte,
the current Councilor of Banu Duval, who runs his
‘many business affairs feom the offices within, The lower
levels are an array of retail stores, offering exclusive
shopping to the center's many visitors and tenants

Is_amic CAIRO

‘The area that lies to the east of Central Caira isa
cultural and religious center, nestled within a perfectly
preserved medieval city. Stepping into Islamic Cairo
strips the casual westerner of all that is familiar, replac

ing it with che ubiquitous sight of elegant minarets and
domes, and the variegated seent of livestock, turmeric
and cumin. The sensory assaults come fast and hard,
cramped into a labyrinthine complex of alleyways s0
narrow their adjacent buildings seem to meetoverhead
‘Westem visitors often find themselves losing nor only
all sense of direction in this bubble of liviny history, but
all sense of time as well. In broad strokes, Islamic Caito
stretches north to Sharia Ramses from its westem
border of Bur Said, south to the old ruined aqueductand
Salah Salem, and east as far asthe northem cemetery of
the Cities of the Dead.

‘Three of the city's oldest khittas are in Islamic
Cairo, and even the "youngest" of these, Banu al- Hajj,
hhasexisted here for over 800 years. The other two, Banu
Yashkur and Banu al-Lam'a, have held domain in
Islamic Cairo for ever longer.

Goon Naw


(Gres Two Bto00 mo Sano Cerca ao Be Usca
8


BANU YASHKUR

Although it was the second khitta established in
the area that would become modern Cairo, itcan be said
that Banu Yashkur is the oldest surviving domain, as its
founder remains in the city to this night. Originally
established in the early nights of Abbasid Cairo, Banu.
‘Yashkur was founded by thepre-Islamic Assamite Antara
and named after the rocky hill where he and his follow
‘rs came to dwell. Antara embraced Islam when it

lending

s full support to die movement
thers af his blood to follow the

united front against those who opposed the Assamites
and their continued presence in Egypt
‘When the situation changed, however
differences began to teat clan unity
inside, theie conf

sand serious
art from the
began to take shape within the
itself: Due to thete strict observance of Haqum's
the Assamites of Cairo are among the most
respectful clans to the mortals within their domain

eu pwever, has suffered through the
ing in recent years, and the residential districts
thit make up the majority of Banu Yashkur territory
have fallen into poverty, hardship and disrepair. Wha
‘were once prosperous and vibrant districts have become
recessed and overpopulated, snd it is many of these
neighborhoods that give the city of Cairo its reputation
for Third-World squalor. WI
deen of Hagin hi

faself

le some among the Chil
oticed this degradation, and
actively seek to promote the welfare of the kine in the
dortuin thar they all must share, most ate too embroiled
in their own concems to care overmuch,

"The khitta itself occupres much the same atea as it
has forcenturies. It shares the border of Islarnic Caito to
the west and south, while stretching north to Sharia
rand the Islamic Museum, and east as far
the westem border of Banu al-
ashkurare several once-important
al districts, including Bab al-Khalq, Hilmiyya
and Zein al-Abdin. Unfortunately for the prosperity of
the district, many of the wealthier residents who could
have made a difference here have given
‘on (out of the terrible living conditions), leaving the
furure of the domain somewhat bleak indeed.

PracesorNote

‘The Gayer-Anderson House: Located adjacent to
the Mosque of lb Tulun, this museum, often called
Bay't al-Kretlya ("House of che Cretan Woman"), is
actually two conjoined 1éth-century houses. When
former British mayor John Gayer-Anderson
Caito, he fell in love with the site, restoriny
refurbishing the houses wr length during the years be
tween 1935 and 1942. With its marble fountains,

Gaon Nos

5%


mashrafiyya galleries snd carpet-covered alcoves, the
Gayer- Anderson House is an Orientalis's dream.

Unknown to most, however, it is also 2 waking

aj site was builtaround a strange

¢ scetned to call out to the locals to come and

build around ic. The well is actually the mouth of a

tunnel thar leads to the underground complex of the

Dream Court, and, for many years, it acted as an open

conduit for the maddening thoughts of the dreaming

Maiden of Plagues. From its place of sleen deep beneath

theeity, the Methuselah breathed itseontagion topside

upon the citizens of Caito, unchecked by any force for
years. When the khittx's Assamite founder, Antara
discovered what was occurring inside his own domain,
he acted to close the conduit — forever sealing the
creature below in its own filth. Although its usefulness
as a mouthpiece for chacs has been silenced, the well
iteelf —called the Well of Sorrows by those who know
theit history — remains beneath an nrch in the cour
yard behind the house. The Antaran Assamites keep
watch over the site to ensute that the magical seals
continue to hi

‘Te Mosques or Istamic Cairo

‘Ofthe many mosques that have eamed Cairothe
sobriquet "City of a Thousand Minarets," there are a
few whose distinctiveness of history and design out-
shine all others. Many of these mosques of note are
located in Islamic Cairo,and the following ia list of
the more celebrated among them

AL-Azhar: Perhaps the most famous of Cairo's
mosques, Al-Azhar bears che added distinction of
being the world's oldest surviving university, Estab-

lished by the Facimids in 970, it has since grown to
dominate Muslim life in Cairo, as the Sheik of Al-
‘Achar semains Egypr's uleanate religious authority.

Over the centuries, university classes have grown,
sparser and sparser, and most are now held in one of
nine ALAzhar campuses around the country. AL
Athorislocatedon Sharia Al-Azhar, ust south of the
Khan al-Khalili in Barus al-Lam'a

Blue Mosque: So named because ofthe bloe-gray
‘marble that ccats is exterior and the hie tiling inside,
the mote correct name far the mesgue is the Mosque of
Agpungur. While the mosque itself dates from 1347,
Ibrahim Agha, the Turkish govemor of the time,
installed the tiles in 1652. The Blue Mosque sees litte
seby mortals these days. [risthe primary aboveground
place of worship for the Hajj of Cairo, and they are led
in regular prayer here by theie councilor, tha Jar the
Goklen. The Blue Mosque is located just inside the
walls of Salah al-Din in Baru al- Haj

Mosque of Al-Hakim: Erected by Cairo's now
tious "Mad Caliph" Al-Hiakim in 1010, ic has'seen
relatively little use in the purpose for which it was
intended. It has. at various times during the pase
millennium, been used as a prison for captured Cru
saders, ahorse stables, a warehouse, aschool for boys
and, perhaps mest appropriately, as an insane asy:
Jom. ‘The mosque was given to an Indian sect of
Ismaili Sh'ia called the Bolas in 1980. Al-Hakim's
fnioyque is located in Banual-Lam'a, just south of Baby
an-Nasr cemetery.

‘Mosque of thn Tulun: Considered by many to be
the most magnificent mosque in the eity, this structure
thas stood Largely unchanged since it was first erected by
the Abbasid governor lin Tulun in the 870's, making
icthe oldest imetioning Islamic monumentin Cairo, It
Continues to draw pilgrims the word over who cox to
pray in tsancient and hallowed halls, und the strength
of the site's Ambient Faith remains unequalled among
other mosques in the city. Ibn Tulun's mosque sits
adjacentto the Gayer-Andetson House in Banu Yashkur,

Mosque of Al-Muayyad: Complered in 1422,
this triumph of Mameluke relipious architecture alsa
contains a mausoleum where Al-Maayyad and his
4gon are buried. The mosque's twin minarets lie atop
Bah Zuwayla, rather than on the mosgue itself — a
fact that has long puzsled locales well as visitors, as
the two constructions were centuries apart In truth,
the master masons who undertook the gate-top erec
tion knew thatthey had theirnumbersand dimensions
correct. They had help in the form of Muhandis, the
Toreador architect who was also responsible for the
mosque's great bronze doorway, which he ordered the
workersto remove from the mosque of Sultan Hassan
This mosque is located next to Bab Zuwayla at the
entrance to Banu al-Lam'a

Mosque-Madrassa of Sultan Hassan: Coristiuc
tion of this enormous edifice, begun in 1356 and cnly
complered after seven years of constant toil, svas paid for
by the exates of those who died from the plague that
decimated. Cairo in the sultan's inaugural year, The
mosgue's current Ambient Faith seems to be ina state
absipemaroral flux: Some Kiridred have been kneiwn to
burst mee flames after merely passing by the site, while
‘others have reported crossing the: actual threshwokl
‘without even the slightest discomfort: Although sepa-
rated byonly anarrowalleyway,theneighhoring Mosque
‘ofal-Rifai—the place where the bodies ofthe royalsare
buried —seemsto bestrangely fee of any such spittual
discord. The Mosque of Sultan Hassan sits en Midian
Salah al-Din inside Banu al-Hajji.

Gaara Toe Broo mo Sano Geogr ano 26 Uno

Lr


Banu ar-Hag

Although inhabited solely by Nosferatu, this domain
remains one of the most populous in Cairo, serving as
haven to.n0 fewer than 20 of the city's Kindred. And this
does not include those Nesferaru of other faiths, who,
while suffered gris efully by che domain's Islamic majority,

cred nonetheless, In addition, chis number is hikely
stimation, publicized primarily to placate the
sense of proportion.

‘Ofall the khittas in Caro, Banu al-Hajji ts given the
Widest berth to govern is own affairs. The prince reco
rises not only the Nasferatus established precedence in
the city, but their crtieal importance co Cairo's wast
Mastin population as well, whom the Flay are eremally

>procect. Although some have voiced criticism of
ally understood that it is simply

‘how things are" in Cairo and, if the residents of Banu al-

‘Haji have anything to say about it, the way things will
continue to be

The khittaitselfhas existed in Caito since Salah al
Din's rime. It was established ac the close of the 12ch
century by tbn Ja'far the Golden, a descendant of
Tarique — Arabian Nosfer
Hajj. The Nosfera

u elder and founder of the
‘of Banu al-Haji immediately took
to their charge, and much of Islamic Caito's surviving
‘culture ean he traced to the undead who have guided its
course. Irideed the Hayj have encouraged such astaunclh
audherence ro custom over the centuries, that the com:
municy under theie care still thriv the same as
irdid during medieval times — thus giving the neigh-
othood its traditional fee
Acgreat deal of mortal life in the domain is centered
sound Midan Salah al-Din, where all the district's
thoroughfares converge. The square is home to
Important mosques, as well as the city's busiest
sougs outside of the Khan al-Khalili. Banu al-Hayji is
bordered by Banu Yashkur tothe west, extending east as
far as the northern cemerery, and north as far as Bab
Zuwayla and Banu al-Lam'a.

THe
Salah al-Din began construction on this massive
compound in 1176in onder to fortify the city against the
crusading Fran}. The Citadel, locally dubbed Al-Qala'a,
was home ro those who governed Egypt for nearly 700
years, Those of Salah al-Din's line held un briefly,
followed by the Mamelukes when they took control of
Egypt in the Dth century, adding additional palaces
nd extenwing the walls south to include polo fields and

ADEL

fortress walls were ay

gate called Bab al-Azab, Although Napoleon did very

littletothe Citadel itself during hisstay, his"successon"
Muhommod All, set about demolishing many of the
Islamic monuments following his massacre of the
Mamelukes in 1811. The only Mameluke building
allowed to remain was a single mosque, and this was
spared out of nosense of piety. (Muhammad Alihad the
fhuilding used as a horse stable.) When Ismail took
power, he relocated the royal family, beginning the eta
of the Citadel as a barracks for the military. The site
housed the Brush Army during Work! War I, and,
following the events of Black Saturday, ithas quartered
Egyptian soldiers exclusively.

‘The Citadel is divided into thtee main subsiivie
sions: the Lower, Nerthem and Southem Enclosures
"The Lower Enclosure is the sive of the massacre of the
Mamelukes, and it has been closed off to the publie
permanently. This administrative decree has echoed
throughout the undcod community ay well, and none
but the most daring or foolish prow! this area lite at
night. As if t@ prove the point, a kind of folktale has
circled throughout the city, telling of lone Nosferatu
rho vanished here some time around che turn of the
century. Purportedly following noises he believed were
coming from the site, he ventured up the hill aru
around the gully-like road to the Lower Enclosure itself
—never to be seen or heatd from again,

‘The Northern Enclosure contains a number of
tmuseums, including the National Military Museum,
which was Muhammad Al's sometime Harem Palace,
Also located here ate two of Salah al-Din's towers —
the Bun al-Hadklad ("Blucksmith's Tower") and the
Burgar-Ramla ("Sand Tower") —as wellas the Mosque
ef Sulciion Pasha tl i ately of ieee

‘The Southern Enclosure is the most visible of the
three, dominated by the Mosque of Muhammad Als,
which took over 18 years co complete. Of lightly more
interesting note is the Gawhara Palace and Muscurm,
located just south of the mosque, which was home to
Muhammad Ali during his reign. The palace currently
servesasahouse of wax intended wevoke 19th-century
court life.

‘Due to its status as one of the most widely visited
attractions in Cairo, the prince has declared the entire
Citadelan Elysium, leaving the Nosferatu toadjudicate is
dispensation, The site also remains the barracks of some
Egypte military personnel, and these few good men,
being officers of the government, are "hands-o8 to sll
Kindred excepe the prince. Rather than the complicated
territorial dispute that might have arisen, the prince's
solution has proven an amicable one thus fa, as the Hj
rarely find need to enter the grounds of the Citadel inthe
modem nights. Many around the city see the sit
wharitis,aswellasthe irony inherent init.

Cros Nor

8

undead powers have been pushed ase by a modern force
twore frightful than they — tourists

,
Banuar-Lama

Established in the 10th century when the Shiite
Farimids deseended into Egypt, this khitta is named
alter its founder, Sharif al-Lamn'a — the North African
Lisombre king. After he staked his claim, the walled
city that grew up around him became his private do-
main, and all those pre-existing Kindred who desired
entrance into the royal city were required to gain the
Lasombra's permission. For decades, Sharif al-Lam'a
and his paramour, Fatimah, were as king and queen to
the undead of ALQuhira, efiectively snubbing the rule
of Sultan Antonius. In modern nights, the domain is
the political battleground of King Sharif's descendants.
Some have joined the cause ofthe Sabbat, while the rest
— including the domain's councilor, Fatimab al-Lam'a
—aie more interested in attending to matters accord-
ing o their founder's legacy than in engoging in petty
ideological squabbles with those of chei own lineage

Banu al-Lam's holds domain over the northern
portion of Islamic Cairo. Unlike its southern neighbors,
however, this khitta spans the entirety of Islamic Caira
fiom east to west, making it slightly larger domain
than either of those with whom it shares Islamic Cairo.
Inaddition to Banu Yashkur and Banu al-Hajji to the
south, Banu al-Lam' is bordered to the north by Ban
alAzrug ar Abbusiyya,

PtActsorNore
Bab Zuwayla: Of the several gates built by the
Ftimids to mark the southern entrance to their walled
yof Al-Qahira, this isthe only one that remains to this
During the Mameluke age, it became one of the

city's main sites of public gathering and, as such, likewise
fxame the location for all public executions of note.
Indeed, the ate was widely known asthe forum for public
andl often yruphie displays of power and dominion
Mameluke rule ended violently at the site when Tuman
Bey was hanged three times rom the yate's vaulted ceiling
(the rope snapped the first two times), and the heads of

M

lawing Mul

clove of the 19th century, Bab Zuwayla was stil being
stubbomly barred shut every evening. Currently, the site
prinmtily serves to mark the entrance to Banu al-Lam'a,
anal the echoes of is grisly past area chilling reminder to
those who would forget theie place inside the domain of
the unforgiving Lasombea.

‘The Khan al-Khalilis The largest of Cairo's many
open-air markets, this massive maze of shops was built
‘nthe site of a medieval caravansary in 1382 by Garkas
al-Kholil, che then sultan's Master of Horses. During

the day, the bazaar comesalive, teeming with mortals of
every age and ethnicity who operate and patronize the
hundreds of shops that can be found within. Everything,
from brasswork to books to beads can be found here (at
price), and the multitude of merchants who daily ply
theirtrade atthe Khan are among the greatest salestnen
in the world

Once night falls, che Khan al-Khalili becomes a
playground forthe undead, though there islittlerrouble
sand has fin — that the city's Kindred can get into hve.
As the story goes, the inerusions on Lasombra domain
‘were becoming too frequent, as well as the accompanying
disappearances. (Regardless ofclan or domain, the undead
cof Cairo just couldn't keepaway from the Khan al-Khalil
and its labyrinth of darkened alleyways.) Therclore, in
onder (0 establish peace, the matron of B am‘
simply opened ber arms to the city, permitting the prince
tw establish the haar as Elysium. Ax it stands, all are
welcome at the Khan al-Khalili, provided they respect its
rules, a8 well as the domain of the Lasombra while else
where in Islamic Cairo,

This arrangement has resulted in a happy medium,
and many have come to appreciate the Cainites of Bans
al-Lam‘a (or at least the councilor) for the concession
regarding the bazaar. While occasional missteps docu,
they do so infrequently as those who vandalize the w.
or any of the bazaar's awning-covered alleyways them
selves are dealt with harshly, by both the prince and the
Lasombra claimants to the domain, Instead, nocturnal
visicosareencoursged co whileaway the nightsin Fishawis
coffeehouse, as itis one of the few places in Cairo that
keeps agreeable hours. In fact, this legendary ala of the
Khan has been open 24 hours a day for a staggering 200
years — thanks in part to the Cainites whose cont
presence has helped it prosper.

MaAsSRAL-QapIMA

The area known as "Old Caito" has well earned the
title, as it is the area surrounding the earliest moctal
settlements in the city. Intheory, it ncludesall area south
of Garden City and Sayyida Zeinab, across the smoking
ruins of Al-Fustar, and down to the bottom of Coptic
Cairo, the nexus of Egyp's Christian connaunity, The
neighborhood seems to take its role as the Cairo's oles
district quite ceriously, and the pace of life is more delil
‘rate here than in other places around the city. This quiet
dliscrict even imparts a certain visual appeal that is differ
‘ent from the rest of Cairo. With its high stone wals, sft
colors and cobblestone alleys, itis more reminiscent of
Jerusalem's Old City than of any local neighborhood and
‘many visitors often feel as though they have stepped back
{n time upon entering Old Cairo.

(Gorm Two: Boo wo San Geocar 190 4 UNIEAD

9


Cimiesor ine Deap
(Oye who stand beside my grave, show not surprise atv
Yesterday I was as you... tomorrow you shall be as me

—cenotaph inscription-on the tomb of Shagaret al-Durr

‘Outside the old city walls liesa vast, sprawling

necropolis turned metropolis, where. the living
have come by the hundeede of thoncande to devell

ng the buried dead. This massive graveyard
city 1s divided into Northern and Southern Cem
eteries, separated by the rocky outcrop upon which
Salah al-Din's Citadel was built. Together, these
‘wo cemeteries — called simply Al-Qurafa ("the
cemetery," pur excellence) by the Cairenes — are
more sensationally known as the Cities of the
Dead.

The Northern Cemetery, located eastof Banu
al-Lom'a in fslamic Caito, is the home of a pack of
rancid Lupines who, having just weathered the

grucsome devastation of Jackal Fever, have re-
cently developed a taste for the flesh of sentient
creatures." Although fiercely procective of the

Cairene relatives who dwell alongside them in
squalor, everyone not included in this protected
group is, as they say, fale game, Theit repulsive
feeding habits, and the disappearances among the
‘mortals thac they invariably cause, are subsequently
and easily blamed on the city's numerous undead.
This only further fans the Mame of animosity
between Egypt's resurgent werewolf population
and the Kindred of Caico, and full-scale war be-
tween the two — the likes of which hasn't been
seen since Antonius" could well be right
around the corner.

The Southern Cemerery, the older of the two,
is a different story entirely. It is distinctly less
developed than its northeastern neighbor, pos-
sessing less in the way of plumbing, electricity and
other necessities. In addition, teams of mortals
who are sent in-co work in the dilapidated grave-
yard often come back, their work unfinished and
with little memory of their time inside the cem-

ery, On atecent occasion, onesuch unit returned
larly fogyy-brained and two members shore
en questioned, the team could provide no
satisfactory explanation as ta the disappearance o
its coworkers. In truth, the'two missing laborers
were clandestine agents for the prince, and it was
they in particular who did not return alive. Some-
thing eerily discerning is dwelling among the

‘cramped residents of the Southern Cemetery, and
escems nor to like che undead very much at all.

Makhtor Bey's solution ro this curious situation
‘has fallen in line with his past stratagems — he has
declared the Cities of the Dead, i their entirety, 10
be Elysium. He claims that the proliferation of the
kine in the cemeteries; as well as their cnunped
echabitation with places of worship, is an inherent
threat to the Masquerade. More 0 the point, be
understands thar if he were o start granting feeding
rounds in either cemetery, the Ventrue would im-
mediately claim domain, ax per the terms of theit
existinggagreement with him (see paye XX), Indeed,
the area would technically fall under the provisions of
that arrangement, but he'll be twice damned if e's
going to allow chem co play thar game with him:
‘Therefore, in order to deny the Ventsue, he has hind
to deny everybody — something he has been mite
than willing to do, given the area's many consider:
able dangers. He has not, however, prohibited the
Kindred under his governance from feeding from the
cemeteries' residents themselves, should they find
cause to venture into one of the city's proper dor
mans. In other words, he has advised the vampires
of Cairo to let the Cities of the Dead come tothem,
rather than the other way around,

Although the matter is far from being permi-
nently settled, the vast majority of Cairo's undead
follow the prince's edict for the time being (if
grudgingly) and stay clear of the cemeteries. Feed-
ing grounds have not become so scatce yet that
they feel the need to panic. The exceptions te this
rule can be found in several younger members of
the Sabbat, who come to the cemeteries to buck
the prince's will. [n particalar, a nomadic pack of
Panders and Gangrel antisibu called Harm's Way
have recently taken to hunting in the Northen
Cemetery, and have already come to blows with
the firmly entrenched Lupine population on more
thun one occasion. Although the Sabbar bishop
in Cairo claims to be reining these renegades in,
they are, in truth, just as resentful of the arrogant
Lasombra and bis heavy-handed ways, and they
are quickly becoming just as big a nuisance to hin
as they have become to the prince

Gao a Nor

a


At one time, over 20 churches clustered in this
small, traditional neighborhood. Although that num-
ber has since been reduced to only five, they remain
soine ofthe mest important religious sites in Egype. The
Hanging Church (El-Muallaga), s0 named because it
sitsatop the bastions of the Water Gate leading into the
kJ Roman fortressof Babylon, became the center ofthe
Coptic world when the patriarchy moved here from
Alexandria inthe I Ith century. A beautiful and world
famous place af worship, it was dedicated to the Virgin
and, therefore, is more officially known as Sitt Mariaan
(Si. Mary), Nearby, atop one of the old Roman towers,
sits the circular church of Mari Girgis (St. George),
whose adjoining monastery is the seat of the Greek
patriarch, Its interior has been gutted repeatedly by past
fies, but with its curious design and vibrantly colored
stained-glass windows, i¢ remains ane of the most daz

aling churches in Egypt. Placed alongside the nearby
temples of Sitt Barbara, Abu Serga and the Church of
the Virgin, Coptic Cairo is a community of quiet and
ternal faith,

Banu AHLAR-RAYA

Asonewouldexpect, the oklest ofthe city's vampiric
domains can be found in the oldest of Caito's mortal
neighborhoods, In the modern nights, this khitta con-
sists mainly of Coptic Cairo and the area around the old
Roman for wing conceded the largely
uninhabited Al-Fustat to the Followers of
Set. Of the city's many districts, the walled enclave of
Coptic Cairo is truly cheone that hasbeen most affected
by the presence of the undead who have come to call it
home. Since the first nights when Islam entered Egypt,
the warrior-scholars of Banu AbLar-Raya have claimed
this area as their own, infusing their timeless essences
Into the very community thac grew to surround them.
Throughout the centuries, whenever the rest af
humed, bled or raged, they persisted, lending that
penistence to the mor

Therefore, while the te ty Triumphant has
‘novedon, embracingthe sweeping changes the last wo
centuries in particular have brought, Banu Ablar-Raya
has remained much the same —a capsule of traditional
acetic lite, forever frozen in time.

Ptacesor Nore

‘Abu Sergas The oldest Christian church in Egypt,
‘Abu Serga (Church of St. Sergius) was built on the site
where, according to tradition, the Holy Eamily found
fefuge after fleeing from King Heruxl. Every yearin June,
jvminss gathering occurs here as Coptic Christians the
world over go on pilgrimage t commemorate the

‘event. The church itself is dedicated.
St. Bacchus, who were martyred in
sentury by

c. Sergius and
ria in the fourth
Although simple, itis a beauti-

nave by rows of columns beneath of high
iber roof. Eleven of the columns are marble (ane is
nite), and each bears the face of ene of the Apostles
Abu Serga hasalways been a site of somber sanctity and
worship, even among the undead. The pious Coptic
Nosferatu, Petra, can often be found either inside the
church itself or in the exypt-caves beneath, which have
heen closed to the public for some time.

BANUALAS-SA IDI

‘When Al-Fustat was destroyed in 1168 to prevent
the King of Jerusalem from taking it for the Christians,
sotofell che first and only legitimate domain everhelil
by the Followers of Set in Cairo. After that, they
continued much as they always ha, but without the

of an ancestral home and its attendant feeding

rights. This situation finally changed with the arrival of
the Setite attorney, David Mooreland, who, following
a little clever legalizing with the prince, soon had the
ancient khitea reinstared in the only area the Setites
ever had a legitimate claim to — the area around Al
Fustat. The old Arab city's ruins, which had been
largely uninhabiced for over 600 years, possessed few
‘mortal inhabitants at the rime of the domain's teeatab
lishment, after the events of Black Saturday, Still,
sparsely populated domain was better than none at all,
and the Setites have since been ubout the business of
building a khitea worth having

‘The vast majority of the current Setite khitta is
taken up by what appears to be a vast, smoldering
‘moonscape, as ifthe site had been the recent target of
a thermonuclear warhead. Although the area seems
first like something out of a post-apocalyptic scien
fiction epic, it is actually a thriving commu
manufacturers and craftsmen who ply theit
hundreds of subterranean workshops. These und
ground artisans are responsible for providing much of
the city's piping and earthenware needs, and are among
the finest processors and fashioners of clay anid clay
products in the country. The smoke that is always seen
drifting into the sky above the area comes from the
many bechivekilns the locals have dug into the grour
and the ruins of Al-Fustat radiate with theit heat. Th
Setites take surprising care (for Setites) of the kine
within thetedomain, and the mortals who live and work
in the underground potters village are among the most
content and secure of Cairo's underprivileged, It ro
mains ane of Cairo's most unmistakable ironies: Of all
the khittas, che Followers of Set are the ones currently
doing the most to revitalize the neighborhood in which
they dwell.

Banu al as-Sa‘idi territory is small, relative to the
size of other khittas in Cairo, and even siiller relative

Gur Tac: Bo aa Sa Geacean oko Uns

Ci


sque of
Amribn al-As" )
Mosque of |
hie Mohammad al-Saghir

Mosque of /

OaAbdiniBey


to their mortal populations. It encompasses only the
reaaround Al-Fustat, and it ishemmed in by Ban AhL
Raya and the Southern Cemetery, to the west and
cast respectively. To those not of Mooreland's mind,
the new" domain remains a largely political contri:
ance. Most are quite content to reside in what they
believe to be the true Setite domain lying beneath the
city —the Dream Court

PracesorNore
‘The Mosque of Ame Ibo al-As: The first mosque
ver built on Egyptian sol still stands at its original site
Just north of Coptic Cairo, although it has undergone
extensive remodeling and expansion since its founda-
tion in 642. Once the epicenter of Egypt'sconversion to
Iblamy, it sees less and less use for worship in the modem,
nights with the Setites having been granted what re-
tains of AL-Fustat. This treasured piece of Egyptian
history has become little more than a depraved rendez-
vous for Sets childer, who are slowly but surely
disintegrating the site's Ambient Faith through a com-
bination of blood sacrifices and eldritch sorceries.

THe NreIstanns

Over the centuries, the movement of andalong the
river has resulted in the formation of sevecal islands in
between the east and west banks ofthe Nile. Since the
nights of Antonius' reign, these islands have been the
home of whomever claimed domain over the vampires,
ofCsiro. When hedied, hissuccessor continucd on that
smdition, and he continues to rule ftom the Nile island
of Rhoda —as Antonius did before him. An unofficial
Kite in and of itself, ie has provided shelter, security
ond a sense of separation from the "masses," which
continues to signify theie place as the home of the one
who would stand apart from all others. This has become
tspectally appropriate, given the fact that the prince of
(Chio isthe lord of one domain and the prince of many.
‘Two of the Nile islands are an inclusive part of the
sity of Cairo: Rhoxka and Gezira. Although others exist,
fuch as Qursaba and Dahab farther souh along the
tier they ate technically outside the city
‘sbeing undeveloped and largely agricultural.

Ruopa

The oldest of Cairo's Nile intanuls, Rhoda has been
aitound since Pharsonic times, when it acted as a prov
ince of the ancient city of Heliopolis. Unlike its alluvial
tousin to the north, Rhoda is composed of solid bed-
Joely and ic has supported extensive construction over
thecenturies, The "prince's island," asit is often called
bythe Kindred of Cairo, stretches approximately three
"kilometers down the Nile, and itis bisected along the

way by two major bridges — University Bridge to the
north, and the Giza Bridge to the south
Rhoda, which means "garden" in Arabic, has long
been the site -and source of Cairo's ruling class. A
built across from its
twin in Masr al-Qadima, and Sultan as-Salih Ayyub
housed himself and his Mameluke guard here amid
dozens of palaces and lavish gardens, Little hus chaniged
in the ages since, asthe island is still the home of the
ariernerey The prince of the undead, Mukhtar Bey,
has made che island his home for over 600 years. After
"inheriting" the domain from his former prince and
liege, he came to an agreement with Antonius' descen-
dants, whereby the Ventrue would receive rights to the
rertitories on the outskirts of the city as compensation
for being "ousted" from the Nile islands — their former
ancestral home.

Ptacesor Nore

Manis is middle-class residential district, lo-
cated at the northern tip of the island, is separated from
Garden City by a thin stretch of water called the
Sayyalit al-Rhoda. Sitting just to the south of th
suburb is Manial Palace, originally built to be the
residence of King Farouk's uncle, Tonight, the palace is
one of the few luxuries of direct involvement that
Mukhtar Bey has allowed himself —all buildings in the
Manial Palace complex constitute his personal haven,
Of important nore is that Muhammad Ali's vast and
valuable collection of manuscripts, silver and other
medieval objects is located here in the opulent Resi-
dence Palace, s0 ir effectively belongs to the prinice, He
understands the collection's importance, however, 60
he makes no attempt to keep it from those who wish to
view it. Inaddition, hehasmade an elegant and popiilar
Elysium of one of the nicer buildings in all of Cairo
the compound's Reception Palace. He delights in using
it regularly and sumpeuouely to fete both Kindred and
kine alike.

The Mosque of Salah al-Din: This small
unassuming structure was commissioned secretly by tl
prince, that he may have a legitimate place for nightly
worship without being forced ro eave hisisland haven.
‘The mosque itself, like several others around the city,
was erected under the guidance of the Toreador archi-
tect, Muhandis, and it bears the quiet distinction af
being the last such mosque as well. It is the only
remaining mosque on the Nile islands, and the prince
takes some measure of curious pride in this fact.

The Nilometer and Munasterli Palace: Originally
built in the ninth century, this measuring device (a
graduated column below water level) could predict the
annual rise and fall of the river and, thus, the condition
of the subsequent harvest. In ages past, the "magic

nid

‘Guam Toe: Bacco wo Sasa Cocina wo tt Uno

8


uml
was a good sign for the erops, and the people would
rejoice. In recent nights the site
on, but as place of contemplation
Prince Mukhtar Bey often comes here to teflect on the
his city and its clouded furare. Some whi
that icistiot the antiquated Nilometer that heseeks, bur
the river itself. They say it counsels hina in times of dite
and that some of his tou nshave been

through the

is Munasterli Palace,

of the complex

ted toanew Cultural Arts Center, the

s the prince's second, south-island

ndand secunty routine involves

rane adically moving between the «wo
palaces sird haver elsewhere in the city

just incase

Gezina
(par excellence), remained entirely uninhabited una
the mid-19ch century, when Ismail builea grand pal

(now the Cairo Marriott) on its banks. He also land:
od the rest of the alluvial island to pave the way
his vision of a royal garden. As the 20th century wore
oon, Caito experienced a land development boom that
catgeted Gezira, among other place ¢ island is
now more developed and highly populated than it
neighbor to the soul
These nights, Gezita is divided into the lirgely
ren southem hal

re

Abo located on Gezira is Cairo's

andemark, after the pyramids. Located

uum from the Cairo Opera House, the

cel newdle

m the apex of its 614-foot rise, The

ivan antenna that sits atop a rotating

wurtnet testaurant that spins slowly around the build-

ing, allowing for views of d below. The
Cairo Tow airo's most po

meetings of the
The Athamtn

clubs in the city, the Alhambra fe

popular exotie dancer, Morocco, Her late-night perfor-

muinces (in which she dances with a gianc bull python)

are the talk of Cairo's nightlife. and her unattainable

Gan Nor
cy


allure and undisputed mastery of the dance have enrap-
tured all who come to pay the E150 per tinllating
performance. Even the Cautiff of nearby Zamalek are
roo enthralled to realize that she is a Sette. Andi isn't
even theonly such placeon the island. The Setiteshave
either financial interests, moral agents or both invested
in homes and businesses across Gezira. Indeed, the
pance 1s slowly losing che entire lower half of his
forgorten island to the Followers of Ser, who have been
moving in sedulously under his very nose
Banu ZAMALEK
The northern residential district of Zamalek is the
the recently established khitta claimed by the
"aitf, following the

site
cxy'sdisenfranchteed undead, the
ceventsof Black Saturday. After yearsofcampaigningon
behalf of his clantess brethren, the blind vampire
Waulkeen succeeded in securing a domain where
kind could dwell and feed, free from the slings and
arrows of the so-called "Kindred of parentage." This
concession was considered especially generous, given
the fact that a good portion of Caito's mote liberal
nightlife, and therofore its kine, can befound in Zamalek.
Although some Kindeed voiced lukewarm opposition
in the early nights of its foundation, the existence of
Bonu Zamalek has grown on the Kindred of Cairo, and
thas even found grudging acceptance among more
traditional undead in the city.

The domain, such as it is, encompasses only the
territory north of the Gezira Sporting Club, a stretch of
about a mile and a quarter to the narthem tp of the
island, While che Caitif of Zamalek are certainly free to
go into other parts of Gezira, as well as into the city
itself, theit exclusive feeding and haven rights apply
only to this single island district. Located within their
domain are several fine restaurants, the Akhenaton
Centre of Arts, and some of the ritziest hotels and
nightclubs in all Caito, For now, the Caitiff aren't
‘complaining much anymore.

THe PERIPHERY

All area on the outskirts of the city can be divided.
loosely inco eastern and westem sectors. Because of a
(600-year-old agreement reached between Mukhtar Bey.
and the descendents of former Sultan Antonius, the
largest khitta in Cairo, a domain made up of all devel-
oping territories along the eastern edge of the city. The
western periphery, which inchidesall territory up toand
including the celebrated Giza plateau, 1s long-standing
province of the Gangrel of Banu al-Giza.

BANU AL-AZRAQ

TheNil is had long been the searof vampiric
authority in Cairo. Sultan Antonius maintained his
domain there, and, upon his death, his Mameluke
successor did likewise, taking over not only the sultan
palace, but the islands as well. As recompense, he
granted the descendants of his former liege the "first
rights" cofeeding in any developing areas avay from the
Nile,alongthe eastern outskirts of thecity. Assuch the
Venere have the capacity to reach unheard-of rum
bers in Cairo, as the potential growth of their khitta is
neatly limitless. The issue has become something of a
political hot potaro, and many among the Cairene
Kindred sctively resent the prince's outdated arrange
ment with the Ventrue.

Ina city thar suffocates under the well
of "the world's most crowded urba
become a viable commodity
although the agreement is becorning less und less
sible with the passage of time, the prince continues to
uphold its terms. He isindebted to the Ventruc for their
cffores in. acaieting him during Napoleon's conquest
and, were it not for them, he may well have lost
authority over his domain enuiely. Above and beyond
all of this, however, the prince isa Cainite of his word

dless of the
tion in the
wed matter is the fact that, given enough time
and expansion, the furthest of these outlying areas will
eventually come to fall under another city's limits
making those particular vampires and their feeding
cconcems no longer his problem.

For the moment, the thy ped
‘areas falling within Banu al-Azag are the residential
suburbs of Abbasiya, Heliopolis and City,a
hastily erceted housing co side of the

uqattam Hills. The Ventrue have already begun tap.
ping both the labor and financial resources of these
newer aren, and they plan to develop further ss the
crowded city expands,

ned tithe
area," space has
and of itself. And,

He refuses to back out on his promises, 1

urgest newly de

Hetioporss

The development of this pretty suburbs was an exer
cite inthe lexingofEuropean muscle. With conenbutions
by the Ventruc of Banu al-Azrag, its constriction was
financed bya Beleian company and sreatheaded by one
‘Baron Edouard Empain. Construction an the neighbor:
hood began in 1906, inadesertsite northeastofdowntown
Caio. By the mi 1950s, the suburb of Heliopolis (known
two the Egyptians as Mast al-Gedida, or "New Cairo") had
grown into a fully developed community, and all desert
fand in between it and the city had been filled in with

Guers To: Broce 80 Sw Geos aso Une

6



ot
eta'
is
sth
nee
Son
tae

House

ot Lords)

ty

i Heliopolis.
Club Baron's
Palace

S

Green Tram Lie

Heliopolis

Gurm Tac: Broo mo Saxo Gores oo Uae

@



of learning. le was called Fuad | University from 1957 co:
1953 in honor of the king who had made notable
contributions to both higher education and the aca-
demic cor

ity in general. Fuculties are quite broad,

including agriculture, archaeology, rts, com
economics, engineering, law, medicine,
Institute of Research and Statistical Studies.

‘The university has become a point of contention
with the city's Tremere of late, as they have been
forbidden from accessing its variousstoresof knowledge
since its inception, due to the terms of the Giza Procla-
imation. They claim that they only wish to gain access
to vital information and ideas and that they have no
intention of inftinging upon the domain of Banu al-
Giza. Since any such permission would be akin to
opening the floodgates, the prince has rebuked their
requests thus far, remaininy uniformly steadfast in all
matters pertaining the western domain. Of additional
concem isthe fact thatonly 2 portion of the university's
facilities are on the west bank. The rest of them are
chistered together on the northern tip of Rhoxla. The
Tremere know better than to make any requests per
taining to the Nile Islands, but the prince has noticed
the connection nonetheless, and he is beginning to
wonder as to the real motives behind their petition
regarding the university

Midan al-Gama -,Cairo's "Embassy Row,"
{i home to many of Egype's visiting foreign dignitaries.
Located ut the terminus of University Bridge in Dogat,
this Nileside square houses several key embassies, in-
cluding thove of Saudi Arabia, Lebanon und Iseael, all
Within a single city block of one another. During politi-
cally tense periods, the site is also (naturally) home to
‘many demonstrationsand, on more than one oceasion,
‘outbreaks of violence. The presence of Midan al-Gamiaa
ensutes that the local police station, located just two
blocks away, keeps itself busy indeed.

THe Giza PLateau

The mad lealing to the Gi
short and dusty nine kilometers from the city proper, is
called the Sharia al-Abram ("Road of the Pyramics"),
Originally an unpaved pach through jellaheen fields, 2
Foland viable route was finally builtin the 1860sforthe
Empress Eugenie, so that she might rour the plateau in the
somfort of her royal carriage. The oad winds through the
residential districts west af che Nile, thinning our as ir
ppuwhes frther ftom the city. Twisting dhrough apartament
complexes and medical facilities thar give way co an
inepressible horde of local camel ownersand "guides,"the
Shurival-Alrram soon deposits traveleesat the door of che
‘Mena House Hotel, before curving sharply leftward in its
Journey on to the pyramicls

The source of nearly five millennia of mystery and
‘wonder, people from all over the globe have come to

plateau, stretching a

witness the marvels of ancient religious achievement
that are the Pyramids of Giza. One of the most famous
of these visitors was the Emperor Napoleon who, upon
reaching the plateau to find his men shaming then
selveson these structures, fame: remarked that tohe
here in their shadow was to have "40 centuries of history
looking down upon us." Indeed, even the unde have
Jong been fascinated by them, and many otherwise
"homebody" Kindred continue to make the arduous
trek to Giza for the chance stand in the shadow of theit
timeless majesty. Some come simply to remind them
selves of the relativity of time itself, as these frozen
fraginents of history can often make theit long unlives
seem mercifully brief by comparison.

‘One among the undead, a pious Bedouin Garygre!
named Abu al-Jileel, found occasion to use the area as
neutral ground when meeting with his contacts among
a dispossessed family of Lupines, Since happening upon
strange convocation of hooded figures in the cemeter-
tesbeyond the causeway late one night, however, be has
taken a renewed and worriedly keen interest in the area,
and he can often be found roaming the desert around
the pyramids. Those who have seen him swear that he
appears to be watching for something. Watching,
pethaps wating

The Great Pyramid: Built by Sneferu'sson, Khu,
the Great Pyramid of Giza is the largest pyramid ever
constructed, made up of a staggering 2,300,000 blocks,
each averaging over two and a half rons in weight. At
481 feet i isnot the tallest building, but it remains the
most massive structure ever built, composed of enough
raw material to build 35 Empire State Buildings with a
few tons of stone left over. Herodotus caleulited that i

ot

THe Mena House

Originally built by. Khedive Ismail in the
1860s as a hunting lodge, this manor was bought
by an English couple and tumed into the most
magnificent hotel on the Giza plateau, It at-
tracted international attention in. 1943, when
world leaders Winston Churchill and Franklin
Roosevelt met here to discuss the downfall of the
Axis Powers, The Exyptiangovernment took con:
trolofthe Mena House during Nassee'snationalist
‘campaigns, and it has owned the place since,
leasing the hotel's operating contract to private
‘enterprise. What many are unaware of isthat the
company that currenely runs the Mena House
‘belongs to Prince Mukhtar Bey. One of the horel
managers isa loyal gh who keeps him informed
regarding the activities of the Giza Kindred, as
well as the various mortals who pass through the
atea daily.

‘Covma Two: Bioco 110 Saw Ceo ano re Ubon

@


smust have taken over 100,000 workers; and he cast
gated Khufu asa.cruel tyeant for the suffering he must
have caused his subjects throughout the pyramids
construction. Archaeologists have since argues that so
many men could not possibly have worked effectively
in the same place at the same time, and that fewer
numbers of workers must have employed some form of
leveraging conveyance. To date, the most widely ac-
cepted theory involves the annual rise of the Nile,
which would have allowed lshorers to being rock quar"
Tied from the Muqattam Hills to the site with relarive
‘ease during the river's overflow.

The Great Pyramid is also one of the most
architecturally precise edifices ever built. Devel-
‘oped with an uncanny awareness of both ground
levels and geometric and spatial relations, the result
is a pyramid whose southeast corner is a mere half-
inch higher chan itsnorthest comer overa thousand
feet away, Indeed, the precision of Khufu's pyramid
—the last remaining Wonder of the Ancient World

continues to astound scientists the world aver
with the assutance of the marvels of modern
architecture, to this day no team of archaeologists
has been able to successfully reproduce the remark-
able achievement of a Pharaoh and a people who
lived nearly 3,000 years before the birth of Christ.

Khafre's Mortuary Complex: The pyramidofKhufu's
successor and son, Khare, often seems the largest of the
three at first glance. This is due to the fact that i stands
con somewhat higher ground than its neighboring cousins,

k.

while sul retaining much of the casing toward
This optical illusion notwithstanding, Khafre's pyr
‘was an enormous construction, towering over 470 feet

above the surrounding desert sand. Originally builtotaver
cwo-and.a-half million blocks of limestone cut from the
Mugartam Hills, it has been stripped by a steady stream of
hurried builders in agessince, and it has lost an estimated
200,000 of its original stones aver the

are adjacent to the pyramid. Built on the site of an old
quarry, Abu al-Hol (the "father of tertor"), as he is
known, was supposedly carved fiom che massive block
offime-tone that remained following che completion
the pyramid, According to legend, Pharaoh ordeted his
men to shape the body of the statue into that of a
recumbent lion — a popular image of strength and
wisdom among the ancient Egyptians — and then to
carve his own likeness into the obdurace creatute's face.
The resultant monument has fascinated both locals and
Visitorseversince, and many claim whave been spoken
to by the enigmatic sentinel over the centuties.

"The Pyramid of Menkaure: The construction of
this pyramid effectively signaled the end of the age of
the great pyramid builders. The Pharaoh who sue
seeded Menkauce built his tomly away from Giza, at
Saggara, and the rulers of the following dynasty all
‘constructed stnller, less impressive temples that were
located away from the plateau as well.

Although the smallest of the three, Menkaure'
pyramid is still so large char @ Lith century sultan's
attempt to dismantle it resulted in only minor diseont
nuity on a single side. It possesses only one-tenth the
volume of Khufu's pyramid, bur at still over 269,000
cubic meters, it remains an awesome structure inde
In addition, some of the largest single blocks ever used
for construction were used in building this royal romb
— the most colossal weighing over 320 tons.


THE FACE OF TRUTH
WHIL€ THE MYTH THAT THE SPHINX'S CURRENT FACE
1 NOT TH€ ONE IT ORIGINALLY BORE 15 SURELY ONLY
BUPERSTITIOUS SPECULATION, CONSIDER THE MATTER
OF SAYIM AL-DAHR, IN 1378, A SUFI SHEIK KNOWN AS
WHE PERPETUAL FASTER ATTACKED THE CARS, NOS<
AND FACE OF THE SPHINX INA FIT OF IKONOXCLASTIC
RAGE. ACCORDING TO: MYTH, H€ DID $0 BECAUSE THE
ANCIENT €S6YPTIANS DID NOT BELICVE IN BUILDING
a EMPLES TO THEIR KINGS 2 ONLY TO THE GODS,
ef A LESSER-KNOWN THEORY POSTULATES THAT SAYIM
HAD A DIFFERENT MOTIVE FOR HIS ASSAULT ON THE
ANCIENT MONUMENT. 1015 SAID THAT-THE SUFI.WAS
NOT TRYING SIMPLY TO DEFACE THE STATUE, BUT
RATHER TO: UNMASK IT Z HEBELIEVED THAT THE ORIGI-
INAL FACE STILLLAY UNDERNEATH SOMEHOW; HAVING
RECEIVED A NIGHTMARISH:VISION OF ITS TRUE IDEN-
TITY, THE SHELK WENT MAD, BECOMING OBS€$9¢ D WITH
UNCOVERING THE TRUTH BEHIND THE SPHINX.
WHETHER HE WAS-LEGITIMATELY: GIFTED WITH, €N-
EIGHTENMENT OR SIMPLY A DEIMIDED MADMAN,
BAYIM'S TALE ENDS JUST AS ABRUPTLY <ITHER WAY.
AFT€R CHIPPING S50ME OF THE NOSE AWAY FROMTHE
STATUE, A STRANGE FORCE ROSE' UP AROUND THE
SPHINX, BLOWING A SANDSTORM OVER THE VILLAGE
THAT LAY AT ITS FE€T. THE SUFI TOOK IT A$ A SIGN
THAT H€ WAS GETTING <LOS€ TO THE TRUTH, AND
THAT THE IDOL ITSELF WAS TRYING TO STOP HIM FROM
PROCEEDING. OF COURSE, THE VILLAGE'S PEASANTRY
THOUGHT LIKEWISE, AND TH PROMPTLY LYNCHED
THE MAD SHEIK BEFORE HE ILD <AUS€ ANY FUR-
THER OFFENSE



The words are
The same mistakes,
f you don't ma

rma, ll the same greats

doesn't ha

110 be like this,

Faith No More, "The Gentle Art of Making Enemies

Cairo ts city of communities. The city's residenes,
toth mortal and Kindred. often band tayetlser wo accenn
lish individual and common goals, and the vampire who
walks the streets of Caino alone say well find herself at a
distince disadvantage. Within these assembl
subseets. heresies and fringe proups. and, w

septh,theirrelations with one anothercan seem somewhat,
‘convoluted. To outsiders and those encountering them for
the fist cime, theit ancient and often traditional dealirys
with one another can appearpeculiar insular ot unfamiliar.

THe DAMNED

Some keep to their own purposes, while others

with (a

appear in Cl
THe ASHIRRA

Duetoltsbroadchanerasasectencompassingall humic
vampires, the Ashirra is unddoubeslythe Largest single group
in. Caio. Although the city is indeed « eosmopolican nexus,
the vant majority oft citizenry — vampiric as well as mortal
—isMuslim. Atany given point, che Caito Ashirracan claim

anywhere betwee
this number i.
tureat the or
Kindred.

In earlier nights, the Ashire
thing of a counterpoint to the regime of 1
Ventrue Antonius. Indeed, fora period of tim
conquest but bef s, nveatly every
vampire outside the sul Aude himself

nd the city's steady stream of visiting

almost palpable. This dichotorny exsed itself «
the amval of Mukhrar Bey, as the new prince wa ,
Muslim himselt. Atthe time ofhis accession, it was ted that
‘one of the prince' first public acts involved showin a
theasembled Ashitra, wherein he kneledoun and
pide them — an equal before God among the
red of his new domain.

"Tonight, the Ashira is led by both ambicion and tradi
tion in the form of Ibn Jafar the Golden, a Noeferatu who has
madeCairohis home fornearly eight centuries He has
theeity'sIslamic vampiresthrough many, man
and change, and he remains one of the mest influent
respected Kindred in the city. Still, he remains alot
baffling figure t0 most, and his devorion i eypically
thing aboot him left unquestioned. Proof af this cin be se
tn Caito nightly, as Kindred travel to stand in awe while he
muakes his way through the city's vations holy sites completely

(Guar Tine: Bros m Avs: Prats oF Powe

B


In addition to Prince Mukhtar Bey and Ibn Jafar
den, some of the more norable Ashitra inclusle wo of

and [bn Khaldun, the Kindred chronicler and stagesman,

THe Hay

One of the citys strongest and most rmmerous groups,
the Hajj has existed as an organised unit in Cairo since the
<eatl of Salah al-Din in 1193, whe ies leader-to-be first rose
toprominence. That leader, tha Jafarthe Goklen, bas led the
Muslim Nosferatu of the city for the weighty span of almost
celght centuries. Throughout fis long unlife, he has taken
cceful stepwtindaw adistinction among the Isamic vampines
caf the city. While he is honored to repeesent all of Cai
Muslim undead (indeed, he can often be a visiting Kindred's
best choice foru new conract), he has mae it very clear that
the Haj the "ise circle" of the Aabitma — the keepers of
[slam in Caito, Some have challenged this peactice, saying
that it belies the tralitional Islamic belief that all men are
‘cual hefore God, but none would question the devotion tit
the Haj rings tots sacred task

Since its inception, the Hajj his been changed with the
protection of both the holy sites and the mortal followers of
Islam. When # Mameluke Ashirra named Mukhtar Bey tose
{opower in the eatly 15th century the Haij expected to find
relatively sinooth sally in Cairo from that point onward.
While the Maslim Nosferatu have indeed known consider:
able freedom under Prince Bey, the Hajj has butted heads with

the Mameluke prince on more than

ptofewses an undersandiny and

Traditions, welcoming the domain of ane a¢ frvorable as
Mukhtar Bey, the Hajj practices acustom thar liesat odkis with,

the most vital Camarilla rule:

tingle tho its collective disfigurement i the wrath of the
‘malik (urges) and, this, of God himself, To conceal the
judgment imposed upon them isto-subwere che will of Aliah,
therefore, the Nosferatu are encouraged to expose their tem
igestothe Muslim kine they are sworn to protect. As
ces, by its very amature, a breach of the most
‘of traditions, the prince has baad to step iy on
several oceasions to "clean up" potential diseters cased by
the religious practices of his city's Islamic Nosferatu. The
current inode of chinking,amivedacfollowing the tumuleacus
events of Black Saturday, allows the Hay) to do as t pleases
‘while among its own kind, inside the borders of its Khitea in
the section of the city known as lame Cairo, Should the
"Nosferaru venture oi inte other, more cosmopolitan areas ot
the city, they must make every attempe to conceal their tne
nutes. Both sides seem to find this arrangement azxeeable,
tind lie fhicakin bie occurred between the (wo (at least

regarding this sue) since the compeorise was reached
nlike their Arabian counterpart, the vast majority of
Ciaies's Hajj metabers are of Sunt (thae bs traditional ortho
ddox) denomination. This is due primarily to the fact that {be
Jalfarand theve clesest 0 him are devout Sunni Musliss, and
‘hose hom he inducts typically follow their modes of think:
ing regarding baste schools of thought. This stundard is only a
general one, however, and even the more respected members
Unclode among their number several men who were leamied

Shia scholars in life. The isue that only male Kindred of
sufficient age and wisdom are inducted is one that remains 4
hot one, and several ofthe ety's youre female Ashirahave
recently pressured the stanus quo to rethink itspractices. They
took to Ibn Jafar to modernize the ancient sect in the new
tnillennium, much asthe religion that it follows has began 10
doin areasall over the globe. Aside from hs Jar, prominent
Hajj includes eldestchilde, Shahid, and the Nonfat poet
Mohanned Rikon, whose stirring, free-form Arabie verse can
beseen and heard all;atound the City Triumphant.

THe ALNILAM

With the power of unity that faith brings, there walways
the fipside cots glorious story —one that speaksof rejection
and derision. This sect, a direct result of thar exelusion, isa
lccne conglomeration of individual Noxferanu united by the
only other characteristic they share: they are all n-Muslitn
‘Nosferaruand, assuch, are considered outsiders by the Hajj of
‘Cairo. Their leer, the messiah calling herself the Tree of
Pearls, began the circle (in theory) to prtect ther from the
singsand arrows of their Muslim brethren. Alehough she ws
‘once adevout Mustim herself, she has witnessed the hindship
that being cast out from the only family that one knows can
bring. andshe has vowed to takeall Nosferatu under her wing,
regardlessof rave, religion or spiritual creed. The vast majority
of her "pears" ate mutashasidnn — Noderatu outcast pressed
from their home in the lands of Arabia by the regime of
Tarique, the founder of the Hajj. Upon fleeing to Caito, the
tunvaveringsupporcthat many themreceived fem Shagaret
hhasspurred them to respond i kind, and they are among het
rst fervent followers

‘Bat not every member of the cult is a refugee — at least
not directly. Shagaret has used every methed at her dispesal
tw bring others into her debt, and the group has recently
«pene its ranks to members other cultures wells aiths
She sees Coim's cosmopolitan nature asa blessing, and she
intends to use it tobring many othersintothe fokk Although
smony suspect chat there is more to Shayaret than imeets the
ye; the number of her outcasts increases ata steay and
somewhat alarming pace. As the cult of worship surrounding
‘her grows, she has begun toying with idea of inducting.
refugees from other clans into the group ax well, in onder to
further her schemes. Foremost among the Alnilam are Peta
(her childe), a Coptic Christian who doells in church in
Coptic Cairo and Yehuda — one of the few Jewish Noseract
remaining in Egypt.

Tue AkHivaA Futuwa

1 Tis nolitally active rou apts more ikea
ral onder of vampires than a simple collective. The Akiva
Futuwa (which basically means "brotherhood ofthe young")
isa large coterie of Casino's most popular undead émmigrants
— the clanless Since the exablishment of a Caitif prince
some six centuries ago, the city has drawn these vampiric
‘outcasts like moths toa open flame. Here, they know they will
be treated ity way thar they typically have never known
before: aspartofa real family andasequalsamongtheundead.
If the band of outcasts can be said to have a leader, that
individual would be a Caitiff named Waulkeen, a visionary

(Caos Nox


figure who hus reached neatly messtante sta
followers in recent years It was he who lobbied the prin
thear behalf for a domain of their own, and when the Casi
were rewandes with feeding rights tothe Nie island of Gecira
particularly the residential district of Zamalek, whete the
majority of the island's kine reside — his populanty among
them skyrocketed. Although Zamalek isnot an official khitea,
the Caitiff of Zamalek are taken seriously at the prince's
lunging, and this status has receruy resulted in their earning a
seat on his Consultative Council — seat naturally occupied
by their ambassador, Waukee
Although he is trapped in the bualy of a child, Waulkcen
{64 most intense figure, and the clanless have never sen wich
and enfranchisement as they have under his leadership,
(Ofte, the hrothethood has even become a powerful political
tool, and the elders ofthe city have bey mp to work
ast thetropponition. Nevertheless, Waulkeen
ate, andall atteraps todate at usin
these ends have met with embarrassing. failure
theirleader'senpplinghandicapservesnly to bolster his
vice othispeople. (Waulkeen istotallyblind,
and has been e the night of his Embrace.) In addition
tother leader, key metnbersof the Akhiya Furuwa include the
beautiful Palestinian woman named Naiat — Waulkeen
yes" oveand etemal inspiration — anda feisty individuais
anal recent aadition to the brotherhood called Sparrow

ALLAH WaLID

Ofallof Cairo's vampiric orders, the one kriown as Allsh
Walid sche most secretive. Morea cabal of conspiratorsthan
an openly active group, they unify under the single com
purpose that drives them: the removal of Prince Mukhtar Bey
by any means necessary. The group's natives, much like its
existence, remain largely inscrutable to Cairo's undead
large. While it sknonen to many that a roup with designs c
the prince's domain exists in the city; litre is known about its
oritsmeans. Forsome time, woed around thecity hold
s group of Kindred had been preparing for somethin
since its inception, but the word has changed recently. After
decades of ile talk in coffeehouses and scattered rus
thestrcet, itis now believed thac thesecret members of Allah
Walid are working toward putting a plan into efiect
something very big, and something very soon, Most Cuirene
Kindred chalk the tumors up to gossip, as talk ofthis sort hus
surrounded the prince since he fitst stepped up to claim
dornain in 1406. The lock of any concrete d up
ors only adds ro this impression, and the majority
0f Caito's Kindred are too busy with their own pursuits to
worry overmuch. Indeed, the cults membership seems to
remain its most chnely auarded secret. It is even whispered
that only their mysterious leader, whoever it may be, known

Tre Consuttative Councn

Having been the penultimate political power in Cairo
forover 500 years, many of theity's residents were shocked
when, inthe 1920s, the prince mstituted a citcle of Kindred
advisors to assist him in the administration of his domain,
Some saw ita a sign of weakness or a desperate artempe at

va Tat: Bao W As: Poa oF Power

B


consolidating support for a tumbling regime. Ochers in-
sisted that the act was simply a sign of the times and
considered Bey a clever prince with his finger on the pulse
othe kine — one who understood the growing needs of a
_growing city intuitively. After the initial shock had sub
sided, the establishment soon. became both efficient and
with che individual residents of most khittas grow
appreciate the newfound sense of independence they
fol undet the system of councilors. Relationships between
the prince's advisors have always varied from strained-but-
polite to outright (and often voeal) resentment, bue the
prince struggles to keep not only good relations between his
advisors, but a measure of traditional decorum as well.
The makeup ofthe prince's assembly is similar in foern to
the primogen of many Camanilla cities, bur not in fantion.
Each member, calledacounclor,actsas representative from
theldita where he makeshishaven, The councilor beingvall
ersof official nature before the prince, while ering:
nbasador between the various sub-domains as well In
-s between members of diferent khiteay the counter
{sthe onebronght into handle the matter, and the councilors
‘ofthetwodomainsin question ate expected to se their" good
‘working relationship" with one another to resolve the matter
quickly and respecrably. On the rare aceasioes when thie
"relationship" ts inufficient, either because these within the
domain do not stand behind their representative's actions oF
became thecircumstances.ate simply too involved, the mater
{sbrought before the prince fora final resolution. Each khitea
‘srespomsile for deciding who wil be its representative, but
this privilege ip checked by the prince's righ to deny that
individhil admittance oall councal meetings —thusliniting
ny cffeetiveness he might being to his own khitta. While i
Isniota formal vet this policy ensures that only those whom
the prince wishes to deal with ona regular basa allowed in
his assombly
Of the seven vampires who sat on the prince's ongina!
‘oun four remain, These four serve theielehiree ro rhe hove
oftheir ability and they have develope: « gcod understand
ingotboth thesystemn andthe foxblesof thet fellow councilors.
AC present, eight seats exist on the Council, although this
‘number issubjeetco change, depending upon what transpires
involving city development in the neat furute. The member-
ship of the Consultative Council of Catto is currently
follows: thn Khullun, marina, Fatima al-Lam's, Sherikir
Foster, thn Jar, Andres LeCornpke, Issa al-Khuneir and
Waulkeen of Zamalek.

Tre DiscipLesor ANUBIS
‘Unquestionably the oldese of Cairo's vampiric socier-
fess this on parters has existed in one form or another
in the land around Caito since before che haying of its ist
stone. Although it ts ancient indeed, the sect is extremely
nsular, and itgemains largely unknown, even to this night
The majority of those who have heard of the Disciples of
Anubis are typically Followers of See, whose schemes the
Disciples work nightly co thwart. In one form or another,
the Diseiples havebeen the constancthomnettlingtheside
the Dream Courtsince Pharsonic times. Even when theit
colleagues, the Children of Osiris, became marginalized by

Setite schemes and their own personal inhibitions, the
Disciples fought on, taking the fight to the foe whenever |
the opportunity presented itself. The remainder of tho |
fewwhoureaware ofthe Disciples' existence typically come
fom one of two camps. They are either mortal followers of
the Cult of Isis, with whom the Disciples have worked)
chaely since their inception, or their "allies" among i
nomadic tribe of Egypcian Lupines, with whom they have
anancient (ifsomehat frayed) understanding. Even inthe
event of the occasional scholar learning of thet existence,
rarely # the connection drawn between che Disciples aid
the Gangrel of Giza Mose simply believe that the sea
Operates out of somewhere in Egypt," alchough its ually
unknown why or where, and few: to meddle in the
affairs of the desert Gangrel of Egypt in any event.

If the Disciples can he sid to have a base of operations
that base would be west ofthe city proper, in and aeound the
Gia plateau. Long considered Caico's Youth," ( wasa't
‘even until this century that development west of the Nile
began co grow meamest. The Gangre! who had been dwelling
there for centuries — members of this ancient cult since the
‘eign of Queen Hirshepsut — had been wisely given a wile
berth by the city's mene uthanized vsrmpines. With the ately
recent development, however, new isaues attise, jutting the
Disciples odds with their vampiric "sovereign' for the fine
time since his ascension.

Forcentures, the prince'sdecree thar noKindred maybe
santed feeding rights west of the Nile allowed the Disciples
tomove with relative ease Those few whodared verture into
hac ceritory were rarely lookin to challenge theitconttol
the domain, and those who did were rypieally deale with
harshly. Such interlopers were excluded from the prexection
ofthe prince, by his own decree. With the development ofthe
plateau, und its etablishment as a separate gowenvatate, x
significar number of mortals now reside on the west hank of
the Nile, and the snea is becoming move und mye attractive
tothe undead. Fors; the prince saindshy lisesi (and his
extant arrangement with the Methuselah Angelique). diplo-
‘matically deflectingall artemprs to change hisposition cn the
matter. With the newfound vigor of the Cairene Setites,
however, the situation cannor remain stati fo lng, Whee
the levee dors break, pitting the Disciples fice to face against
their ancient enemies, Cairo may well erupt into all-out war

‘once again.
Tic INconNu

Although itisnotan actual group of Kindred operating
{in Cairo, this insular collection of elders undoubtedly has'3

keen interestin the city, Theirreptesentative, an ergmatic
Methuselah uansd Alalulah has made Cato his hom for
‘centuries, and be currently acts asthe eves and cats of his
ougust assembly in the region. While the existence of a
Monitor in Cairo is hardly common knowledge, many
suspect the presence of all sorrsof interests, and the Inconnu
are certainly melded among them.

‘Those whode know of the Monitor understand that his
primus desire isto be left acne, aru, given the rumors that
swirl about concerning his age and power, most Kindred
wisely ccommadate him, Over the years, others have ried

CeosrNor

%

{weaplealize on the opportunity thachis existence undent-
ally represents — the chance to feast on the potent bos
‘efasolitary elder. Such forays, alwaysmet with unspeakable
wrath, have typically been perpetrated by ambitious young
Sabbar who opted co ignore the pleading counsel of their
comrades, much to their grave disappointment. Whispers
sfapaibleconnection between the princearathiselsve
figute are typically met with emphatic suggestions to cease
ind desist such gossiping, pop Kindred have been
known to disappear (regardless of sect affiliation) after
asking one too many questions along these lines.

THe SABBAT

‘Tomany inthe international undead community, Cairo
seemisalawlessand permissive city,allowing vagrant ike the
‘Sabbur to roam its dusty, crowded streets freely and openly.
Whilesuch is certainly not the cae, itis not entirely inacctt
ither. Puue to the presence of the Lasombrr-held khitta,
al-Lamn'a, there is indeed a Sabbar presence in Cairo,
andit swelcomed openly by both the prince anu the Kindred
at hinge. While the Sabbar asasect is certamly not welcome,
those who descera from the great Lasombra Kiryg Sharif alk
{Lam's (and all those whom his descerslanes*sponsce") have
_naltionaly protectednght exist in Caito,andallCairene

Kindred kro to respect that right
Many within the city recognize the wisdom of the
siemation, seeingit for what i isin practice as well ascheory,
This often been likened to the prospect of a government
ring to legalize illicte substances: When one makes an
ileal ching legal, ome ereates he right to regulate it. This
above all, gives the prince the Camarilla sup

Kindred of Cairo know that as long as the Banu al-Lam'a
Sabbac are accepted as equals within the prince's domain,
they are hound by the policies of the Camanlla, Manty see
itsimply asan opporcunity to make social contract-abding
(ifn0t loyal) Camacilla tnembers out of the Sabbat, and
they welcome it, It's herter that than fuil-tledged guerilla
warfare between the two sects which, given the
topography of the city, would not oaly be protracted and
uly but would also favor the Sabbat
The nominal leader of the Sabbat in Cairo is Munthes
‘an urbane and articulate Lasombra who main-
tainsa tight reign on those of his sect, so as to avoid losing
any political clout among his other Cairene peers. Even
amang themselves, however, the Sabbat divided. De-
spite the bishop's claims of autocracy, rogues often arise
within the sect co strain against the stern leash of his
command. A nomadic pack with pretensions to autarchy
called Harm's Way has taken up residence within the
in the Cities of the Dead, and it chafes
at the bic with his every decree. Across town, under the
sponsorship of the matriarch of the Banu al-Lam'a, there
resides another Subbat coven called Reconquista, which is
led by the dashing figure of a former privateer named
Christobal. Together, the aims and methods of these nwo
to tear the unity of the Sabbat vision apart
ide. Other key sect membersinchade the bishop's
favored childe, Mesmera, and an Assamite anttrbu from
the United States named Spenser.

MORTAL SOCIETIES

With its abundance of activity and history, the cit
Cairo continues todraw mortalsofall paths and persuasions
to its borders. Some come to uncover her secrets, powerless
before the iresisuble pull of forbidden lore. Others come t
inyolve themselves in te supernsttutal struggles that rage
nightly beneath the city's clamorouy surface fife. This
section takesa look at the various mortal organizations and,
religiousorders that figure prominently inthe foundation of
Caito's pyramids af undead

THe ARCANUM

A few short yearsafter the society's four

a prominent Egyptologist and journeyman

‘named Winthrop Murray purchased a townhouse on the
Nile, intending it as « base of operations from which he
could continue his studies more closely. Although he
established it for privare use, hisCairo house —which was
soon dubbed the Watchtower — began to draw excited
Arcanists fromalloverthe world who were eaget to explore
Egypt's mysteries, As he scrambled to meet the varias
demands of the hoase'snew "guests," much of Murray's
became accounted for, and he was often saked to provid
notes and findings that he felt unprepared ro shure. Aft
several years of catering to the needs of his sssaciaces,
Murray wassaidrohave "drawn atine in the sad" wit were
He officially cut himself off from his parent organization,
With the exception of the few colleagues whom he consid
ered personal friends, his fellow Arcanists were no linger
welcome at the Warchtower.

Although they were outwardly respectful ofthe decree,
‘many within the Arcanum resented Murray's decision, fel
ingthactheiraccesstothe Watchtower andits ibrarisshould
be considered par of his "membership dues" uo the soelety
Not long thereafter, Winthrop Murray died rnysteriously
‘while away on excurtion in the Faiyumy the cause tied
to remain undetermined. When the ex his e

suprising
p Murray bol left thedeet
to the Watchtower and all its contents to the Arcanuin
Although there was some whispe fenton to
aarthe time, ftwassoon resolved, and Murray's "last wishes
the property were seen to their rightful conclusion,

Atleast that's how the story goes. The current members
reading in the Watchtower, now a full-fledged Cho
House, remain noticeably silent on the subject.

Tue BROTHERHOOD OF
Nicovemus tht BLIND
Originally founded by a citcle of Christian theologians

who were driven to self-mutilation by their fervent desite for
understanding, the brotherhood huts since become more
secular as a whole, casting of the eligious trappirys of old in
itselentless puri of pare thought. Althoush icisconsider.
ably less rigid in outlook than it once was, the brotherhood,
still practices the harsh initition rite that has become the
core of ts spiritual belief. In onder to be accepted int the

(Gove Tax: Bera Ans: Pravcs oF Pow

1



‘nforturuite one whohas witnessed the skillof their Bladesand
the rerible serength of their conviction firsthand typically
asaumes the Lilim tobe a pack of unaligned Kindred, raring
the streets of the city for their own inscrutable purposes
‘These theories, while certainly within the realms of
tellevability, ate nonetheless wrong. The Lilim are; in fat,
thas. They areche last remnants ofaonce-pewerfulbloodline
in Exypt, and they are, to a woman, each bound to and
rived forby che ancient monarch of Saggara, Angelique.
‘Acconfing 10 the story, the seet's enigmatic patron had
trusted hill —a high priestessinhercult named Lilith —who
had grown as powerful ax many vampires on the blond at her
ancient regrane. When this parron was sain (reportedly by
Avynistus Giovanni during the Renaissance), Lilie fled to
Exyre where her regnunt's erstwhile paramour, Lacaru, was
rumored to dwell. There she encountered Angelique and,
having found her new home, bound herself to the ancient
Kindredsservice. Angelique has allowed Lilith tocreate new
circlesof priestesses, much like the onesshe once led inservice
cof Lamia herself, and these skilled women act asher eyes and
tars outside of Sagara. Toe major covenes of Lilim are
currently operating in Egypt: the Cain Circle, operating
under the wise instruction of their High Priestess, Lilith, and
the Alexandria Circle, lel by Lilith's most distinguished

prnteye, Seneca, who repor ati the gomgson in theanctent
port city to the north,

Tue Society or Leoporp

Unlike their "eofleagues" in the Arcanum, who do their
best tor stay out of the way of Caito's undead throng, the
members of this religious onder righteously act to the corvtrary.
Indeed, it would seen that its members thoroughly enjoy the
idea of being the Christian right —even when they find
themselves penned in with the lions. Heee in Cairo, they are
surrounded not only by vast numbers of undead — numbers
uanhean of in almost anyother city —bur by vat pumbers of
Muslimsaswell. (The two are often one and the same, sven
the predominance of the Asharra in Caso.) This fact makes
an already shunned sect even more unpopular, and the

uetnbery of the Seciety of Leopold must tread. carefully
wherever they vin Cait lest they uncover tnore than they
bargain for.

The tochold that the Society has managed to maintain
thus far takes the form of its Cairo Cenaculum, which haskept
tvelf scubbornly functional over the years, despite repeated
{and often violent) atterapts to shut wt down. Much of the
cai far the Society's "succes" in che reguan can be given to
a cabal of Onhodox Christian witch hunters called the
Akrical. These fellow slayer, based out of St. Catherine's
Monustery in Sina, move in much wider citcles than the
Society, and thetr members often blend in much better rtien
cperating in and around Caito. More than one overzealous

Inter hasbeen sivedat the last moment by onecfthe Absital
‘who, knowing where the bumbling zealots overtures would
soon rake him, decided to take pity and step in on his behalf,
Although their relationship can hardly be considered strong
— most among the Alrial just wish the Society would give
upand leave the fight for Cairo tm them —the Akritaido feel
some measure of responsibilicy to aid their brothers in arms
(Caito's other prominent witch-hunters, the Ikhwan al-Safa,
loathe the Soctety of Leopold almasc as much as they do the
undead thae they are sworn to destroy.

Senvironsor
THE SLEEPING Gop

Morea collection ofcultsthan a ingle entity, the Servitirs
ext to unwittingly further the greater glory of their undead
smastet —a Setite Methuselah who sleepsbeneath the streetsof
Cairo. Since the night their ancient lond entered torpor witiin
the deepest bowels of the city's sewer systems, the Setites of
Cairo's Dream Court have engaged in a nightly struggle for
dominance in the waking world above. Among the Sleeper's
shiliren, itis understoos that, although itis tn ccxpor, thei
Teraple Head i fully aware ofall that occurs around it, There~
fore, exch competitor seeks to appease the ancient one more
than hiefellow Sertes, «a thar he may he amongitemost favored
when the Sleeper reawakens. While their methods differ as
wikilyastheir personalities, all of Cairo's Stites see the wisom
tn enslaving as muy of the mortals around them as possible
This flavor of dominion pleases the slumbering Methuselah
moet of al

The Servitors themselves ate the mortal cults of worship
that have grown around the squabbling Setites of the Dream
Court. Initially, these cults were kept to those "standard" ones,
cmployed by Followers of Set the world aver — those of the
blood, drugsiand (on brave occasion) religion, Asthe city ew,
however, enterprising Setites branched ont, often apph

inventive moral tactics used in business and polities to create
new cults of worship of their oun. Tonight, cults of every

different style and origin can be found across the city, each
tailored to the personality ofthe Setite who foster it

Servitor Cults of Cairo include che following: the spirited
cult of personality following the widely pepuilar exotic dancer,
Momscco; the circle of toadies and yes-men surrounding the
business mogul David Mooreland (each enslaved wo the crafty
Serite by that individual sown greed); thepervasivesind sinfully
loyal clientele of Unnim Nac (Cairo's premier lady ofthe night
and sometime purveyor of forbidden pleasures); the quiet but
widespread network of contacts maintained by Sadi al-Banigh
(the friend toevery man in need" who barters only in avers')
and the nighttime sylings of Caro's most popular nurtabis,
1D) Too- Tone (who Leeps an entire generation of ecotatic party
enthusiasts enthralled cach evening m the howelsof his hugely
successful dance club, The Violet Hi

(Govra Tiss Basses x Ab Pas cr Pots,

n



2
sears Woe wi.

God appears and Gad is light

To those poor sous who duvell in night

But does @ human form display

To those who dwell im realms of day
—William Blake, "Augurics of Innocence"

AAs one might expect from a city like Caino, its the Kindred assembled here, you will find movers and
Kindred reser many and varied lot. While the shakers of all stripes, elders and fledgling,

city m iany a 200 Kindred without jeopar- Camarlla, foreigner and native. Enterp

dizing the Masquerade unduly (and more than that with ‘encouraged to create more chars

cither discretion or apathy on the parcof the undeadin ut Cairo'e ranks, using these as foundation upon
question), wepresenthere only asmall cross-section. Of which to draw.

Cums fou: Duo Avensis Duo Tat Dines oF Caro
8


Free Caro

Nazrupin THe ENLionTeNeD
Background: The vampire known to the Kindred
of Cairo asNazruslin the Wise is, in point offact, neither
‘Nazrudin" nor particularly insightful. He doesn't re-
member his given name, the circumstances of his
Embmece or any of his life before becoming a vampire
other than in the vuguest of recollections. Nazrudin
\¢ Was religious in life, but no more so than.
ther Egyptian commoner. Like many among the
fellaheen, he had simply gone through his life accepting
it for what it was, without trouble or fuss. Before he
knew it, that life was at an end.

Nacrudin suspects that he was once an outsider to
Euypt. ost of his knowledge about the city has
developed post-Embrace. He remembers telling call
tales to whomever he could find to listen, often making
himself out to be more important than he truly was
Now, since his Embrace, he has ta
Nasnuclin che Fnlightened," and he feele that th
wed for him at last. No longer doesh
fabricate stories about himself, as

have chi

tosay are insignificant compared to the glorious truth of
hiscurrencexistence. What Nazrudin does norrealize is
‘thing he knows about himself is a lie

Whilehe sleeps, Nazrudin
Messenger of Allah — the Ai
Archangel gives Nazrudin informat
struct

that eve
eives visions from the
mgel Gabriel. The

advice and in-
ns thar the Malkavian uses to increase his
standing and image among the Kindred of Cairo.
Through this intercourse with "Gabriel," Nacrudin has
even come to believe that he is the de facto fourth
prophet of God after Moses, Jesus and Muhammad,
Sadly, nothing could be further from the truth.

Al-Ussi, the ancient Malkavian Methuselah who
was worshipped as a pagan goddess in the lands of
Arabia before the rise of Islam, has

of to manipula
udintosetevents in
that will weaker Islam enough to free her from

ured sleep bencath the holy city of Mecca.
Al-Lissu's guidance has brought Nazrudin toa post
tion of importance in Cairo. During the events of Black
Saturday, Nazrudin warned the city of the coming
incursion. The wiscom he graciously imparted
d Cairo's Kindred drive off the attackers — a
ich he makes liberal mention. Th
al

entually, she int

prince
gin what appeared

at the time,
ain] Muklitat Bey has showered praise upon the "an
" Malkavian since then. Most of the city residents

have come to see Nazrudin as not only the unspoken

head of the city's Malkavians, but the unofficial "cour
itor" of Fre
Image: Nazrudin knows that he lived « long mortal
life, because when he is notaltering his appearance into
something more pleasing to the eye, he appears as an
aged and leather-skinned icon of the Egyptian fellahe
‘When entertaining at his mansion in Garden City,
often smokes a thickly scented water pip
habit of bis th

5 well.

long
even death conld not break
you never knew any
nustillact with autharity
your testi-
vere enrough for any would-be listener
Make others realize the wisdom of your counsel through
your deliberate tone and careful word choice. Although
you tell no one of your relationship with the Archangel,
you dastrive to make people understand that your mind
and spirit have been touched by God, so that they may
eat you with the respect you finally deserve
Secrets: With each vist
Gabriel, Na
that

of

higher educa
and sagne

ion from the Archangel
idin becomes mote and more convinced
truly isthe font of the Lond's knowledge, and he

lately begun to "hold court." Most every night,
Kindred from across the city come to Nezrudin seeking
the advice he is more than happy to give. He has even,
come to believe in his own lies, as the Archangel has
informed him that the things he speaks of will eventu:
ally come to pass. Mast of Cairo's Kindred believe that

Gao Nan

a


Nazrudin the Wise isthe sanest of Egypr's Malkavians,
and many have sadly come to rely on his skewed advice
atfact chat plays right into Al-Ussa's plans
Clan: Matkavian
Sire: Unknown
Nature: Autocrat
Pedagogue
th
Embrace: 1875,
Apparent Age: lace 60
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl! 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 3, Etiquette 4, Melee 2,
Performance , Professional kill (agriculture) 3,Stealth
3, Survival 3

Area Knowledge 5, Bureaucracy 3, His-
son 3, Law 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 3,

ism 2, Auspex 4, Dementation 4,
Forritude 2, Obfuscate 5, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 3, Influence 3, Retain

Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity 5
Willpower: 5
Aziz, Prince or Rippies
Background: Although many of the city's Kindred
nts are familiar with Aziz and often exchange
ancries with him nightly, few have ever really

resi

ple
stopped to notice him. To them, he is merely the

perennial and irreverent sale-spinner of Cairo who, if
provided with a kind wordorsmall donation, wll gladly
thrill attentive ears with artful recitations of his latest
riddles, In truth, Azi is much more than most of them
will ever know.

To hear him ell it, Aziz was saved twice by his
Embrace at the close of the 18th century. First, his
"entire existence would have ended then, were it not for
the timely appearance of his sire-to-be. At that time,

ie was a mentally disturbed patient in the cate of

ties who had established an im-
prompto hospital in adowntown caravansary following
Napoleon's conquest of Egypt. The French soldiers,
bored by their standing orders in Cairo, had somehow
anrived at the idea of using the
target practice,

the wall. According to the tales, the boy's body was 4o
badly mutilated when his sire found him that the
Embrace very neatly failed altogether

In addition w saving him from certain death, the
Embrace wasalso the th
himself. Through his
essence of an ancient an
him, focusing his thou,
nating for Avi

ts as never hefore and illum:
the path he must forever walk. With
sntemplation of his own d
to achieve that which Marid hims
fervently

Since then, Asis has becomea fixture of downtown,
Cairo. The many Kindred who walk her darkened
streetsoften find himon the eamerundee the lamp
orrelaxing in one of several neighborhood coffeehouses
smiling his knowing smile and engaging all those whe
will listen in his personal hrand of ingenuous non
dialogue. With the passing of a new millennium, even
the kine now know Aziz by name, and veritable legions
of destitute Cairenes rather around him every evenine
tositand listen to him pin his wondrous tales. Formany
of them, Aziz isthe very face of hope —a reminder in
these dark times of what can be achieved if the spitic
remains strong.

Although it suffices many of Caitu's Kindied to
simply greet Aziz and be about their b
among the Hajj — a devout Nosferatu named

gitimately enjoyed his company for much of the
20th century. During that time, the two spent many
Jong evenings discoursing on the nature of humanity,
divinity and faith, often reaching similar conclusions
from differing angles. Shahid's recent withdrawal into

the elusive answers to the Eternal Riddle

alsid

‘Cera Fos: Deaw Anon Duss Te Doow oF Cao

Ey


affairs both personal and religious saddens Aziz, and he
Jongs for the night when he can show his old friend all
that he has learned since last they spoke.

Tmage: Although he was Embraced in his late
teens, Aziz has a childlike quality about him that
‘muddies his appearance as far as age s concerned. His
bearing is at once roguish and sty, and he often smirks,
winks and smiles ac the most unexpected moments. No
‘matter which of the eight languages he uses ata given
time, Act speaks only ina unique style of chyming verse

alled radh—a sort of beggars' cant among lower-class
nes

Roleplaying Hints: Warch and listen, always. Dis-
armorherswith your casual banter and winningsmile in
ordertodraw theiratcention away from the fact that you
are actually watching them. People rarely realize how
uch they truly give away when they think no one is
watching.

Secrets: Unlike his clan "elder," Nasrudin, the
Prince of Riddlestruly isthe foncofknovledge. Inevery

of his seemingly obtuse riddles, Azis speaks asimple

nd often invaluable truth. Indeed, if one were co
cconcentmite long enough and hard enough on his in-
nnocuous muttetings, much of what teally goes on in the
City Triumphant would come slowly to light.

L-Basnyn Abyad
Natures Visionary
Demeanor: Trickster
Generation: Ith
Embrace: 1799

1 Ager late toons

Talents: Alertness 5, Achletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Streetwise 3, Subserfuge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Perfor-
urvival 3
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Caito) 5, Bureaucracy
3, Enigmay 3, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguistics 4,
Occult 3, Politics 2
imalism 3, Auspex 7,Celenity 2, Domi-
Obfuscate 5, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5 (homeless and beggars), Con-
tacts 3, Status |
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 10
Willpower: 7

Note: No Kindred has been able to explain why Azit
hhas been able to master the Discipline of Auspex 50
thoroughly, while his generation should limit hia to
much less ability with it. To Azis, the answer is simple:
Itisthe blood of he djinn that grants himsuch estimable
prowess. In truth, Asis has achieved the exalted stateof
Golconda. Storytellers who do not want Aziz to have
any enigmatic qualities outside his personality, or who
eschew Golconda in their stories, should reduce his
‘Auspex Trait 10 5.

ASSAD SALHOUM, THE SENTINEL

Background: AssadSalhoum grew upamungCaito's
destirute in a large and unstle family. His father
suffered a crippling injury in che prime_of his life
reducing hisability toprovide, and many ofhis brothers,
and sisters subsequently fell in with various criminal
clements within che city. Assad longed for escape,
finding ironly in dreams, where he imagined himselfan
agent of the government, driving Egypt's enemies from
her borders and restoring his beloved hornelanad to its
sloriee of agen past.

Sadly, Assad's dreams came true, After his parents
were killed in the fires that raged across Cairo during
Black Soturday, an Islamic charity group took hin in
and gave him the education he needed to become an
operative for the new republic: Assad's superiors inthe
sroup praised his powers of investigation and observa:
tion, eventually bestowing upon him the chance at a
top assignment. The Egyprian government had come
into evidence that a cadre of European collectors we

smuggling artifacts out of the country, and all pr
agents assigned to investigate the matter had thus far
vanished without a trace. Assad saw the assignment as
his greatest challenge, and he prepared for it with seal,
eager to defend Exypt from the boorish oursiders who
would plunder her national treasures.

Assad fared better chan his predecessors had in this

endeavor — all the way to a gathering of Malkavian
elders who had been pulling information about the city
from the artifacts they had been exporting from thecity.
Inmpressed with his tenacity and will (and recognizing
the potential tool inherent in aCairo native), the head
‘of the Malkavian cabal Embraced him. For Assad, the
Embiace way a religious experience, fulfilling all the
prophecies thar had been instilled in him during his
Islamic upbringing. His mind perceived the Malkavian
cabal asa group of angels who had taken the artifacts
protect them from the wicked forces that threateried
Egype from within. In tum, the Malkavians saw Assad
as the perfect tool to protect Camarilla interests in the
insular Middle East.

Cao m Nor


Assad monitors che activities of the Kindred ia
Cairo, wacching them for signs of treachery from the
Sabbat, while keeping tabs on how they feed and treat

‘gyptian people. He keeps a relatively low profile
preferring thar others marginalize and underestimate
him thereby allowing him to mave about more freely
Although he has managed to keep out from under the
scrutinizing eye of his clan elder, Nazrudin, Assad has
drawn unwanted attention from Councilor lear al-
Khuncir,whohastaken akeen interest inhisconsiderable
patriotism, The Setite elder is quietly assisting Assad's
efforts, while slowly bringing him into Caizo's social
Telit. Le sees tt: Use Malkievian the political tool
that ean finally bring his own nationalist dreams to
fruition.

Image: Constantly projecting his consciousness
into the darkest parts of the city has taken its toll on
Assad, Whenever others encounter him, he typically
appeatsworn out and somewhat displaced, asthough he
is unsure of his surroundings. Engaging in actual dia-
logue with Assad has a tendency to catch him jarringly
off-guard. Otherwise, he is 8 young, attractive, olive
skinned Egyptian, whose eyesdart from place toplace as
thoweh he were surrounded. orpethapstaking some sort
of mental stock of the situation

Roleplaying Hints: Always act with caution and
forethought. Rarely do you take direct action or do
anything that might potentially jeopardize your "cover."

You believe that the angels give you the strength of

nin to protect you from ins
fail chem in your divine miss
the judginent that they hive le

Aslongas you donot
you wil be safe from
d to God's name

upon those of your clan: the curse of madness, You fike
any number of derangements to convince athers that
you area Lunatic, so that they may quietly le
your own affairs

Secrets: Assad updates his Camarilla superiors by
feeding information about the city to an archon in the
Sinai — an individual whom he refers to as the Malak
cel-Lail ("Angel of Night'). Although Asiad is careful,
he always acts in accordance with the instructions of
the "ange" that speak co him in onder to best provect
the Egyptian people. Much to the frustration of the
Eutopean Camarilla, Assad is forever interpreting his
instructions through the Rosetta Stone of Islamic
thought, and some within the august group have already
begun looking for another to cake his place.
Clan: Malkavian
Sire: Genevra
Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Loner
Generation
Embrace: 1957
Apparent Age: 20
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Inelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Doxlge 3
Empathy 3, Sereetwise 4, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 3, Eriquette 3, Firearms 3,
Performance th 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academies 3, Area Knowledge (C
Bureaucracy 4, Computer 2, Hietory 3, lnw
Law 1, Linguistics 2, Occult 3, Politics 2
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dementation 3
Dominate 3, Obfusca
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Resources 2
irtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Path: Humanity 7
Willpower: 6

re youre

tigation 5,

Svivia Kitver, THe Eve or tHe SERPENT

Background: Sylvia was born in Hartford, Cor

necticut in 18%, the only child of Marshall and
‘Winnona Kilver. Her father leccured ay a professor of

Egyptology at Yale, and Sylvia developed a keen inter

estinhis work after she entered adolescence. Atthe

of 16, Sylvia thrilled as her father was invited to join a

new archeological dig being conducted in the Valley of

the Kings, and she all bur demanded to accompany him
When they finaly returned to America, however

they found that things had taken a turn for the worse

(Guo ous Dian Avouc bs Duo: Tt Danan o Cao

iy


The United States had just entered World War }, and
reservists such as her father were being sent to the
trenches to be After heari
death, Sylvia remained at home for s

sed. of her father's
eral years to care
for her grieving mother. During this time, the only
‘ource of noteworthy income Sylvia could find was in
selling her father's personal collection of Egyptian trin:

kets and artifacts on the black market

the elder Tremere with her knack for things Egyptian,
as well as her undeniable drive to prevail in even the
hhanhest circumstances, and she was soon deemed a
worthy candidate for apprenticeship as a ghoul. Noone
prised than Sylvia herself when word came
back from Vienna that she was to be Embraced.
After a relatively short apprenticeship under the
Hartford regent, Sylvia was introduced! to what had
been the erue purpose behind her Embrace. Her sire was
one of asecrecordet whoce membership worshipped the
serpent for its magical sign

ance and perfection of
form, With Vienna's recent success in negotiating the
rights to the Egyprian Mu

represent their interests

be

at was sure to become a
nine for the Tremere

Sylviawele

med the opportunity, and she was soon

shipped olf ro attend the local regent, Kasper von

Aupthotme, at the new muse
Imuinediately, Sylvia found hi

chantry in C.
bean impossible
nterested in his own affairs

who seemed infini i

might have to say. Rath
uptholme's whipping girl S
decisled to pull back from clan affairs and make her own
‘name in Cairo, Ie was in this capacity that she fell nto
association with the Setite 5

Sylvia believes that her relationship with the sor
ceresshas beenaprofitableone,exchang
bodies and othe

than in anything

Ip antiquities for the secrets to

 Akhu. The more she

eared from the Setites, however, thie more her superi-
Eye of the Serpent urged her on. Soon she was
trading slightly favors, lim
secrets — anything to continue het precious studies
into long-forbidden areas of Egyptian magic. ¢
nally, to he upper echelon of hee order,
Sylvia was commanded to ingest whole a living Eyyp
tian asp —a creature the
more than willing to pravide, of course

Although the Setites have begun to demand even
more of Sylvia as of late, she believes it all a he well
with the sorceress, Sylvia has finally developed a new
‘Thaumaturgical path that she hopes will make her the
envy of her colleagues, skyrocketing her to the apex of
the greatest pyramid of all

orsinth
ore expensive artifact

ete sorceress hersell was

Image: It isclear thar Sylvi
young New England lady, but the depred
Setites have taken their toll. Her eyes seem to have
nto her face, which has an unhealthy and
slightly jaundiced pallor, and both ashen cheeks pull
taught against her skull. Sylvia's eyes —once a heautiful
cobalt blue — have vellowed over time, giving them a
murky greenish tinge

Roleplaying Hints: Size people up when first meet:
ing them, as though silently debating their inherent
strengths and weaknesses. Give the impression that
they are faced with a woman of considerable power and
should not, under any circumstances, underestimate
you. When dealing with Followers of Set, however
are genuinely humble, and you can even be uxdly
affectionate.

# Kahina hasinformed Sylvia thar the former
‘Tremere regent will no be returning from his latestand
finalarcheological dig,and thisnewsseesSylvia prepar-
ingexcitedly for herinevitable transfer of power in
seat at the head of the chantry. For now, she
acting regent, but Syivia desperately looks for
thenight whenshe will at last beabl
at the (especially von Aupthe

as what they truly are: her underlings,

wasonee an attractive
8 of the

sunken

colleagues puscu

pet, Hyap

CaosrNox

%


Sire Ophelia
Nature: Competitor
Demeanor:
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 19
Apparent Ag
Physical: Serength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Socials Ch , Appeatance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

‘Talent lertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Subtedtuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Briquette 2, Melee 2, Perfor:
mance 4, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Acade hacology) 4,

edge 3, Bureauctacy 4, Clan Knowledge (Followers of
Set) 3, Investigation 4, Law 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 5,
Science 3

+ late 308

1, Manipulation

s + Auspex 3, Dominate 1, Fortitude 2,
Seepentis 2, Thi
‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 5, Lure of Flames
4, Movernent of the Mind 3, Soul of the Serpent 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Influence 3, Resources 4,
Retainers (phil snakes) 2, Status 2

science 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
v4

Hyaparta, CURATRIXOF SECRETS
Background: When Kasper von Aupfholme took

‘over as regent of the new Tremere chantry in Cairo, he

honestly had no idea of justhow much work it would be.

After his former assistant, Sylvia, withdrew from her

toleat hisside in favor of private Thaumacurgical study,
the work lead piledup. As he had not yer taken achilde,
von Auptholme sent word to Vienna requesting permis-
sdon to Embrace a local archeology student named
Hyapatia. In addition to her impressive credentials and
vigorous work ethic, this potential candidate was an
Egyptian by bitth, and she could do wonders to help the
Tremere "image machine" in

Hyapatia adjusted quickly to her role in the clan,
relishing che opportunity to broaden the scope of her
research. Her sire made her the chantry's "curative
fesistant," educating her on the many secrets he had
coaxed from the museum during his tenure as regent.
The first true test of her own mettle, however, came
with the recent discovery of a forgotten temple in the
Western Desert. Her sire left immediately with an
archeclogical eam to investigate, scuding word shortly

‘Gears Foe Duo Avon

a

thereafter that he would be shipping the contents of the
cemple back to Cairo for more in-depth stutly

Tucked inside the first of these shipments, Hyapatia
found an unusual Egyptunn artifact that she labeled Lot
14, It was a standard can
preserving the internal
buried, but it was crafte

jar of the sort used for
gans of one who has been
fa peculiarstonte, und it bore
liar hieroglyphs et
dally found that no
resorted to calling up.

a host of unf
She in
she tried (she eve

hed around the
atter how hurd
the Blood),
the lid of the jar would nor come off. Sensing something
supernatural at work, Hyopatia set about tran
the hicroglyphic script around the upper n
After deciphering the first two symbols, she found
that the lid seemed to give
before. Hyapatia grew inst:
sequestering herself in the
taking her rest ti

ating

tle bit more than it had
antly obsessed with the jar
ower levels of the muscum,
re and emerging only for museum
ncies

When the last of the hieroglyphs was finally deci
seal, Hypa tried the lid once more and if easty
popped free. Inside, the Tremere ssw nothing buta mist
of swirling colors, but she could distinctly hear a low
soft purr coming from within
her own mind. The "voice
that was more ancic

oc perhaps from inside
belonged to one of a rice
than man or beast —adjinn fom
the Realm of Stmokeless Fire, it had said — a
promised that Hyapatia would be well rewarded for
releasing it from its eternal bondage within the dam
rable jar

The museum lost contact with Regent von
Auptholme shortly thereafter. leaving Hyapatia propar

Tre Dane or Caro


‘Sout of tHe SeRpent

"Thanks in part to the living asp residing in her stomn-
ach, the acting Tremere regent in Cairo has devel
‘Thaumarurgieal path of her own over several of
interme saudy and experimentation — a he
firmly believes to he het own. The path exemplifies and
embodies the pertection of the serpent's form, and it is
functionally the same as any other Thaurnaturgical pach.
© Serpentine Sense

The: beatae? level allows the Thaumaturge tomccess
the considerable olfactory prowess of the serpent, granting
acute sensitivity toll smells for the dition of the scene.
The possible effects are varied, from allowing the
Thaumaturge to Wentiy poisons and poisoned foods by
smell ro effectively letting her "see" in the dark,

System: Although supematural darkness (suchas
Obtenchration) still affects the character, it does so toa
tnuch lesser extent, simply imposing upon her a mere one-
dhe penalty to all actions raken within the area of effec.
Note thar use ofthis power causes the ophidian character's
hearing to suffer commensurarely, imposing +2 diffculey
aval ened challenges unt te Spent Seer 09
longer employed

When thisapplication of the path isinvoked, theuser's
outer layers of skin become smooth and scaly like thase of
an anaconda or other river snake, ail for greater
flexibility on ln as wells considerable freedom of move
ment through water.

‘System: The character's effective Dexterity increases:
by a dt (pte exceting noma auc max
mums), andshe gainsthe ability to passthrcngh any opening,
lunge enough for her head. In addition, swimming in this
form ix exceptionally ficient, allowing the weer to caval

through waterarnormal land speed. Whileuse of thispower
ts obvious (to say the least) it does allow for some nick-of-
time escapes from handeulfs and other difficult situations.

9° 8 Vewom Curse

The Tremere can transform het own vitae into i
deadly poison capable of blinding the eyes of nearby
‘opponent, like that of a spitting cobra

System: The character enughs 8 point of vitae into,
her mouth, where it cransforms myscically into-a deadly
Bled veno: The ramp then the venom ay
‘one opponent within range (equal to three feet per dot o
Strength + Potence). The player rolls Dexterity + Ath-
letics (difficulty 7) to target the eyes, and the opponent
may attempe to dedge. If the attack roll succeeds, the
tanjet ust immediately engage in a resisted Stamina +
Oceule rol (difficulty 6) with the Warlock. Hf che target
accumulates mote successes, he overcomes the venoms
cffects and retains his eyesight: Winot, he remains blind
vane the venom has run its course

The blindness lasts for one how
the resisted Stamina + Oxcult rol (

F Net success on
fs, the Tremere's

successes minus the target's successes), Supernatural
‘ongetscan conceivably shorten thistime. Vammpiresmay

spend blood poinis to reduce the duration cn a onefot-

‘one basis. Lupines will regenerate thie blindness in short —
order, reducing the duration to accumulations of min:
‘es rather chan hours. The blood-venom is extremely
toxic tomortals, however, whoare blinded for lfe unless
they receive immediate medical utrention (within an.
hour), Thankfully, chissupematural venom squite thin,
and its potency cannor he maintained ourside of the
‘Thaumaturge's body.

290 Touch or Typnox

‘Theblood wizard can now metamerphese herenite
foreatm and hand inco 4 deadly asp, complete with 9
writhing, venomous snake head.

‘System: Effective range is only five feet, hurthe bite
of the serpent "arm" is deadly, doing Strength +1 dice of
aggravated damage to anyone struck in, combat (on
standard Brawl attack, although successes beyond the

first do not adi to the damage dice pool), Mortals bitten
thes ieat amc oceans Sa ol (A
culty 7) or die within (Stamina + 5) minutes from the
anake head's vitulene toxin,

Ita mortal is killed in this way, the venom beginsto
Seepout ofthe corpse's wounds shorrly thereafer,carey~
ing the unfortunate mortals essence along with it. The
blood-venom then pools nearby, slowly coagulating
form a small supernatural asp under the control of the
Warlock. From thar point forwand, thae moetal's soul
knows no peace imtil such time as its new "body" is
Killed, thus freeing the tortured ypinit within.

ORM OF MEH VORA

This powestul incanencion — dhe uldimace plaveais
cof achievement for one studying this path — allows the
‘Warlock to transform instantly into a writhing mass of
vipers, her body erupting ina spectacular shower of
Black, ted, green and gold.

System: The player must spend twa bloc points ro
effect the change, which takes three tums to complete,
Duringthistime, thechametermay take nother action,
and no transition of any kind isapparent in her form. At
theend ofthe tum, her body simply bursts snto-a number
of vipers equal to the maximum mumber of blood points
the character can hold. (For example, an Bh generation
‘Tremere using thispowerwould explode into 15 separate

anabec) Alrematvely, the player may ope to transfor
instantaneously, but she docs so at cost of five bloedd
ppounts rather than two.

Individuals assuming the Fotmn of the Hydra are
nearly impossible wo destroy. Every last vipermustfirst be
located, as the Thaumaturge may teform later if even a
single serpent remains, This transformation lasts unt
the Warlock wills herself co assume normal form once
sigain, which takes another three turns.

(Coton Nar


ing for w brutal struggle over the chantry berween
herself and the acting regent, Sylvia Kilver. IPhersire is
indeed gone for good, then the museum (and the
chantry) woukl be much better off in Hyapatia's hands,

J she plans to use Lot 14 as.a means to achieve this

‘With the cosmic power of an ageless djnn behind
her, not even her fellow clanmates could stand against
her now,

Image: When dealing with others, Hyapatia favors
stisp businese suits that highlight her comunanding
deportment, prevailingupon the viewer tolook pase the
homeliness of her face. Wher hard ac work in the sub:
levels of the muscum, however, she is found dressed
more for comfort, cla in slacks, sweats or even —on
rare occasion —a pair of dirt-encrusted overalls.

Roleplaying Hints: A picture is worth a thousand
words, and one look can often tell the whole story.
Make extensive use of this fact, showing others the
uunhakeable solidarity of the Tremere clin with «
single, telling glance. Behind closed doors, however,
tear into your colleagues with an exacting efficiency.
After all, mistakes are for mortals, not the eternal
‘masters of the night

Secrets: Although Hyapatia is slowly being sub-
med by the entity she unwittingly released from Lot
14, her

alvation may rest in her tireless attention to
detail. Since the initial discovery, Hyapatia has kept
extensive notes of her interactions with the "Shenouda
Djinn," In the hands of an impartial reader (theoreti-
«ally, anyoneother than Hyapatia), these records provide

clues as to the true nature of the entombed creature, as
well as any possible weaknesses it might have.
Clan: Tremere
Sire: Kaspet von Aupfholme
Nature: Competitor
Demeanor: Perfectionist
Generation: 9¢h
Embrace: 1955
Apparent Age: eatly 20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
harisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1

I: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Eriquette 4, Melee 2, Perfor-
nance 4, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics (archeology) 4, Area Knowl-
cege 2, Bureaucracy 3, Expert Knowledge (Egyptology)
3, Investigacion 4, Law 1, Linguistics 3, Oceult 4,
Science 3

Auspex 3, Dominate 2, Presence 2,
‘Thaumaturgy 3
‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 3, Focused Mind 3,
Hearth Path 3, Alchemy 2, Movement of the Mind |

Mentor 3, Re-
tains (compse minions) 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6
Willpow.

Kasper Vox Aupsuoime,
Reoent of ANTIQUITIES

8ch Generation Tremete, Childe of Moareau
Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Director

Embrace: 1782

Apparent Age: mid-40s

An perinaiie sche peep apts 5 ss
‘Auptholme was Embraced inthe lte [Sth century by
Councilor Moreau, the Tremere elder responsible
forthe clan's efforts in Aftica at the time. Moorea
was the second Tremere to be assigned to the Dark
Continent (the fist disappeared under mysterious
circumstances some years before), and he needed
someone he trusted to negotiate Caito on his behalf
‘As von Auptholme was more than eager to explore
Exypr'smysteries,he made an apt pupil whopaovesito
be more than up to the task. In shore onder, the
Egyptian Museum and Antiquities Service wert for-
cevct ceded the Tremere, and both prospered under
von Aupfbolme'sineticulousguidanice Shorey thw
ater, however, sig
von Aupfholme mystified and alone in Cairo.

He reported dusifully to Councilor Mooreau's
replacement, aFrench noblewoman named Elaine de
Calinor, up inti the latter's recent disappearance
fiom her chantry in Algiers, Convinced that the
incense ll eed he Bsn 4 lok for an
opportunity fo present itsel it woul low him to,
commit serious clan resources toward the missing
councilor' discovery. When an ancient temple re
cently appeared in the Wester Desert outside of
‘Wadi Natrun, he seized his chaice, leaving immedi-
ately witha team of local archeologists. Inially. von
Auptholme maintained eegularcorespondence, se
ing bock starus and inventory reports with each
shipenent of relics from the temple — a collection,
known as the Shenouda Cache. However, sich re-
persis cose cer andthe chantry hasnt

fromhimnow forseveral weeks, Although they
ate usually with their own agendas, the
‘Tremere of Cairo are beginnings to legitimately fear
whae might have become of their regent.

(Gurr Four Dro Awan 2 Duo: Tie Dawes of Crt

CJ


Murattan Bey, DRINCEOF CAIRO
Background: When Mukhtar Bey came to the
‘out of Sultan Antonius in the 14th century, no one
expected him to last a single night, never mind endure
to become prince of the undead. Many in Cairo believe
that the Boy-King was so impressed with how the
Mameluke warrior had dispatched the royal guard that
he insisted on making Mukhtar Bey a sherif in his
retinue. Better to curry the powerful Caitiff'sfavorthan
who could easily incite revolt against the rule of the
sultan), Others took the Boy-Kiny's beneficence as a
purely political mov n attempt to show how
inereiful a Byzantine Vencrue could be, under the right

circumstances.

Intruth, the Boy-Kingdesperately wanted Mukhtar
Bey forhisown. ver though centuries had passed since

departure of bis sire, the Boy-King still longed for
the companionship of a powerful "older" male, ashe was
art. Antoniussaw asparkofhis
sire as well ay the Roman emperor Hadrian in the
powerfull Mameluke, and he longed to muke a new
rastesof the pawerful Caitiffin che hopes that he might
know that precious bond,

nee again

nfortunarely for Mukhtar Bey, however, the very
strength that puthimartheside ofhis beloved Antonius
would fail him when it was needed most. During the
Night ofthe L

i Knives, when the Lupinespenetrated
the sultan's private chambers, Mukhtar Bey found him-

ned with at
able
Then, ina moment of sheer panic

self suddenly cons
fear for his unlife. He froze,

ible, overwhelming
actor even think
pe fled the fortress

entirely, the death screams of his patron ringing relent.
lessly in b

Sickened by hisown cowardice, Mukhtar Bey raged
athisthin and clanless bloods his utter lack of wampitic
identity had cost him that which was most dear to him,
The only thing chat the fallen warrior wanced now was
to fade quietly into the mists of history. Yet when the
‘other Kindred cried out to hit for leadership, he woe
fully accepted, convinced thar they would see the erot
sn therr (and his) ways in time.

For five centuries, the Prince of Cairo played his
role well, though, laying down laws where he could and
meting out justice when necessary. But in the end, he
was the same lowly coward who had failed his liege that
fateful night in 1406, It was the one truth he could
neither accept nor change. By the latter half of the 20th
century, Cairo was expanding to amazing proportions,

ukhcar Bey's responsibilities grew with it. His
enough during the best of times, began co
buckle under the strain

‘With the return of Al-Muntagim, however, came
Mukhtar Bey's salvation. The Avenger confided in hiny
that he had procured a means by which all of Cairo'
clantess — save Mukhrar Bey himself —could be dane
away with as an appeasement to the Antediluvians an
the nightof Gehenna, Such a loyal and humble gesture
would most assuredly guarantee that those responsible
would be spared their terrible hunge

The plan required that all of the claniess be gut
ered together and specially prepared, as with any other
offering. Only with the assistance of Mukhtar Bey, the

Caitiffamong the Caitiff,could thissacrifice beachieved
without the Cainif catching wind of the plot and
putting it co a violent end. Soon after, Mukhtar Bey
extended his open invitation to the clnless ¢o come
and partake of his beneficence in Cairo. He established
akhitra for them on the island of Gezira, granting them
a powerful political voice through their seat on his
Consultative Council. Although he has tried toremain
subtle im his effores, turninga blind eye tothe Sabbar in
order to keep tensions high and minds distracted, the
prince's reputation has nonetheless grown among, the
Caitiff worldwide. Many of them even believe that they
"have it made" in Cy They 1 in blissfully. igno-
rant of thar fact that their beloved prince plans to
sacrifice themall in ordertosave himself from the wrath
of the awakening Antediluvians.

Image: The Prince of Cairo is a tall, broad-shoul-
dered man with a fall black beard and rough-hewn
features. He dresses only in fine, exquisitely tailored
suits — he prefers dark colors — and walks with a pace
+0 deliberate that it seems almost contrived, Although


he is still un impos
much of the luster it held in
Roleplaying Hint

ane upc

his regal bearing has lost
is vounger nights

Youknow thatthe Final Nights
|, copucicsimply, you are terrified at the
Ant. Youronly hope isco see your frightful plan to

vn, ensuring chat when the Thirveen return to
take their places at Caine's table, there will be a seat
reserved for you. You have endured for far too long to
end your existence as the first course of the

Secrets: The prince suspects that his brother-in
nie, Waulkeen, knows more than he lets on, and he
ely attempting to find out just how much more.
In addition, he is tracking the movements of all the
Caitiff of Zamalek, 2s per his confederate's instructions
‘Clan: Mameluke (Caitiff)

Sire: Wife of the Tiger and the Snake

Natur
Demeanor:
Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1354

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physicals Strength 5, Dexterity 4, St
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

‘Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,

Empathy 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 6, Strcetwise 3,
Subretluye 5

Skillss Animal Ken (falconry) 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4,
Firearms 4, Melee 6, Performance 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 1, Area Knowledge 4. Bur
racy 3, Camarilla Lore 4, Clan Knowledge (Brujah) 3,
Clan Knowledge (Assamite) 3, Clan Knowledge (Fo
lowers of Set) 3, Investigation 4, Law 3, Linguistics 4,
Occult 2, Politics 5, Sabbar Lore 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celetity 3, Dominate 4, Forti-
rude 5, Obfusca resence 5, Quietus 5

Backgrounds: © 4, Resources 5,
Retainers (ghiil

naditionalist

ina 6

acts: 3, Influr
astiffs)
Virtues: Conscience 2

elf Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Hu
Willpow

Merity/Flaws: fron Will

Banu Duvac

Aypres LeCompte, Councnonann Lorn
Background: Banu Duval was first established by

Jean-Baptiste Duval, a Christian Toreador Embraced

Wucing the reign of Louis XIV, the Sun King. In 1700,

ity 4

cone of Louis' descendants was proclaimed King of Spain
by right of succession, and war broke out in Eurc

shortly thereafter. Duval fled Paris to the safety of the
South of the France, where he first met Andres
LeCompte, aminor land-owning nobleman. Duval was
immediately taken with the young aristocrat, and the
two soon became lovers.

When revolution broke out in France in 1789,
Duval fled the country entirely with his young par
amourin tow. Together they wandered the lands around
the Mediterranean Sea for several yeats, seek

congested place to make a new home. In all that time,
Duval never once offered his consort even i single drop
of vitae, and the thought madle Andres shamed. He felt
as though his deathless lover thou
somehow unworthy.

When Napoleon marched into Cairo in 1798, t
two Frenchmen tagged along in his wake, hoping: to
take advantage of the opportunity that the conquest
clearly represented. By 1801, a new khitta hail been
arranged for the Toreador in the Nileside port of Bulag,
and Napoleon's troops withdrew from Egypt soon after
As he was now nearing his 30s, Andres begged for the
Embrace that he may remain eternally be
side Jean-Baptiste. He even made a show of cx
to Christianity in the hopes that it would please his
undead love.

1 less

aht him dirty or

along.

This last gesture must have had some impact, xs
Andres awoke one evening to find himself one of the
Damned, Although Duval had apparently acquiesced
to his pleas, LeCompte soon grew to resent his site.
Duval began to spend his hours with the other French

(Gore Foe Duo Anon 94 Dew: Tt Deen Caso

ot


Toreador who had emigrated to Cairo, and he seemed
to have less and less time for Andres. Worse yet, Duval.
claimed to be doing it all for love, expanding his
holdings in Cairo so that his paramour could enjoy the
very lp of luxury. After Duval accepted a seat on the
Consultative Council in the 1920s, Andres had had
enough, and, ina fit of jealous rage, he contrived to rid
himself of his faithless lover.

During the events of Black Saturday, LeCompte
took advantage of the widespread chaos to make his
move. He awoke lare in the afternoon, as a carpet of
black soot obscured the last remaining rays of the sun,
anu heswiftly made his way to hissite's haven in Bulag.
He crept in, and upon seeing Duval alone and un:
guarded, setupon him with wild abandon, When all was
said and done, the deed was surprisingly easy — as was
his smooth transition into power over Banu Duval.

ince then, however, LeCampre has begun to...
love track of himself, He struggles to maintain control,
as though he isa odds with the vitae coursing through
his veins. In addition, his dreams have grown fluid and
frightening, filed with thoughts chat are not his own
tard images that he cannot place. He often awakens to
find that he is in adifferent room than the one in which
he fell sleep.

Lately, Andres has even begun to "lose time" from
waking periods of nectivity. On one such occasion, he
awoke from his fugue to find himself rifling through a
stack of his "site's" old papers. His fingers paused at one
in particular, a hand-scrawled memo concerning a
soup calling tselfthe Ennead. Hehad just enough time
torealize that hissire had been a partof this group before
he found himself throwing the pages into the fireplace,
along with the rest of Duval's private documents

LeCompte id always believed that Duval called in
serious favors in order to acquire the rights to a new
kkhitca in Cairo, but he is nocso sure anymore. With the
events of late, he has begun tossuspect that it was Duval
himself who had not only negotiated che Toreador
position, but contributed to Napoleon's withdrawal
from Egypt as well. And the prospect that Duval was
both not his real sire and vastly more powerful than he
could ever have believed fills Andres with an undying
feat that he cannot casily suppress.

Image: Andres LeCompte isa man who dresses for
respect, rather than success. He wears only the latest,
most expensive fashions (he loves Yves-Saint Laurent),
and he has a recently developed a taste for snakeskin
shoes: His features are angular and fine, his hair an
tnanaculate dirty blond

Roleplaying Hints: Be cordial and gracious, ee

vealing in the simplest terms how and why the people

‘of Caironeed the Toreador of Banu Duval. You speak in

soft tones, highlighting the strength of your brecding

with the keenness of your wit. Underneath your poised

cextetior, however, your mind shudders with doubt and

apprehension, and with it rembles your sanity.
Secrets: Councilor LeCompte knows that his fe

low Toreador, Muhandis, has a peculiar grudge against

the Setites, He has also recently somehow come to the

conclusion that there lies a greater power within

Muhandis than he himselfeven realizes, and LeCompte

feels. a powerful urge to put an end to the old Toreador

before this power awakens fully.

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Noble

Generation: Sth (raised from 12th through diablerie)

Embrace: 1801

Apparent Age: late 205

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Aleriness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,

Empathy 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Subteriuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 5, Melee 2, Perfor.

mance 4, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Vamp 4

Knowledges: Academics 3, Bureaucracy 4, Finance 4,

Investigation 3, Law 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Poli

tice

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Dominate 2, Fort

tude 2, Obluscate 2, Potence 1, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Influence 4, Re-

sources 4, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 3

Willpower: 6

FAHD AL-ZAWpa'A, THE WHIRLWIND
Background

ahd is unique among: the Toreador
of Banu Duval in chat he is actually a native Cairene,

Born in the early years of Anwar Sadats presidency,
Fahd grew upamid the chaosof nation thrust suddenly
into free-marker economy. Although he had an sunt
who was around to cook his meals and wash his clothes
(and yell at him on occasion), there was never any
feminine influence upon Fahd!'s upbringing — not in
any real sense. His mother had died giving hirth tohim,
victim of sub-standard Cairene health care, leaving

Grow Nor


Fahd in the care of his father. While rarely around

(having an ontire family to support on his own), his
father made sure to be there every night before Fahd
wenttosteep,

he treasured reading bedeime stories to
hisson. He delighted in filling Fahl' head with dreams
of adventure, that he may grow up to be the man his
father always hoped for him to be.

Asa youth, he was drawn co playing make-believe
with the other children, often living our the livesof the
dashing swordsmen he heard about so often growing up.
When Fahd finally entered adolescence, he began to
take a serious interest in the tahteeb — the Egyptian
sword dance. As his studies grew, his natural proclivity
forboth graceand martialry shone through, and he soon
became the local neighborhood prodigy. His mastery of
the dance was his life, and he was never seen without
thesleek wooden sword that had become the symbol of
hishonor. Theglow of hisfather's prideseemed to make
thedirty streets of his south-Cairohara just the slightest
bic brighter.

After practice one night, Fahd found himself walk
ing alone near Ezbekiyya, where he heard a muffled ery
‘coming from within. He jumped the garden wall to find
five men dressed in black assaulting a young, attractive
foreigner. One held hes head still, two dil likewise f
her arms, and one was busy preventing her feet from
kicking. The fifth stood above her, a sharpened stick in
hishand. Without thinking, Fahd jumped into action,
beating the cowards away from the lone woman in 2
flury of blows. His weapon was hardly lethal, but the
woman's assailants were taken completely by surprise,
and they quickly escaped back into the night.

The foreigner was immediately taken with her
young Egyptian savior. He was everything the mythic
Middle-Eastern man was supposed to be: handsome,
dashing, courageous and quintessentially romantic, In
herexcitement, the woman — American Toreador
visiting Egypt— Embraced him then and there beneath
the shadowed walls of Ezbekiyya. Realising that she had
just repaid his gift with the curse of death everlasting,
she panicked and led, leaving the fledgling vampire to
discoves the uu of his new existence on his own

Fohd adjusted to his newfound condition poorly, to
say the lease. ahd had only claimed co know two things
at the time of his Embrace: the dance and the diff
between right and wrong. Therefore, he soon grew torn
between the love of his family (with whom he could no
longer interact) and the atrocities that his mew state
compelled him to commit. His rexction was to with
draw into the romantic archetypes ie had envisioned as
ayouth, becominginessence the dast
has always wished himself w be. F
indeed the role of a lifetime

In the handful of years since, Fahd has acted as the
saviorof many among theharafsh, parolling the sreetsof
his old neighborhoods and callin ‘al-Zaubaa—
the Whirlwind. Hedelightsin protecting innocent women
from the dastardly deeds of those who would da the
harm, and he has done soon numerous oceasionss
Embrace. From sternly lecturing those he catches t
leaving his victims alive so thar they may "lear from theur
mistakes," Fahd plays the role of hero to the hile (he even
covershis face with the side of hishata in on
hisidentity). However, hedoesn't realize
he unwittingly endangers the Masquerade and, thus,
uunlives of his fellow Kindred

While he maty be well-intentioned, Fahil doesn't
seem to have fully grasped the magnitude and meaning
of his "new life." He feeds on the very women he is
drawn to protect (often to excess), und he is often lefe
confused when they don't appear grateful. Night after
night, Fabd's humanitas slowly ebs away, leaving hima
hollow and lifeless stereotype of his own dreaming. He
has fallen into a cycle of repression and den
ing the sites of those places where he has been allowed
toplay the romantic cavior places where he has fod
before —and reliving those udventurousexperierices in
his mind. These brazen activities can lead only to ruin,
and, sooner or later, he will seriously endanger the
Masquerade, forcing the prince to contend with him
most harshly. Somewhere deep in the back of his mind,
Fahd believes that his lost sire will retum for him one
night, and that she will raise him from this fog of
ignorance and guide him into the light

idsmanhe
Fahd, undeath was

Cons Four: Daw Anon Dec: Te Dev oF Ca

%


Fahd was grudgingly accepted into Banu Duval (as
adorand resident), burhe spends liele time in iz
own khitta, ashe is most often "haunting" the sitesofhis
former exploits. Fahd abo claims membership in the
Ashirra 30 he receives frequent invitations from other
Muslim Kindred who wish to pick his brain about the
activitiesof his Duvalifellows. Although he professes to
pay litle atcention, Fahd actually knows a great deal
about the patriarch of his domain, Andres LeCompte.
seen proof that there tsmore to ehis Frenchman,
weets the eye, and he somehow smells the stink of
Amaranth on the LeCompte's breath when the

councilor speaks.
Image: A bold and dashing Kindres, she Whistwind
estetrorinto the hearsof the kine. Unfortunately for
Fahd this includesthowe whora he desires torescue,as well
4s their assailants, Although he cuts a most romantic
figure, his dress remains simple and functional. Fahd was
Ithy, and he isabove boch robbery and financial

on for his heroic acts,

Roleplaying Hines: The warrior poets of old ace on,
‘example to be upheld and followed. You try to act with
courage and grace at all rimes, bur you have grown weary
ry, people never seem

on

ineecent nights. Forall your gill
tofully undesstansl orappreciate the gift you bring tothem
every night, and most have taken to rmning: from you on
sight. This is noc how it was supposed to be.

Secrets: Unfortunately for Fahd, Councilor
LeCompte suspects that he may know more than he lets

on, and he is currently looking into ways of ridding
himself of the meddlesome Egyptian. And unfortu-
nately for LeCompte, Fahd knows of the activities and
goals of ain Assamite known as the Vulture — an
individual whom Fahd is ready to provide with what he
seeks, should the need arise.

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Julierte

Caregiver
Generation: 10th

Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Pi n 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Braw! 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 4, Expression 3, Melee (tahteeb) 5,
$ Ith 3, Survival 3, Vamp 2

‘Knowledges: Area Knowlerlge 2, Law 1, Medicine 1, Occult 2

ial: Charis

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude |, Presence 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Herd 3
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Morality: Homanity 6

Willpower: 4

BANu YASHKUR

Asrana, Tue Suepuennor Wor ves.

Background: Antar ibn Shaddad thn Arar —less
formally knownas Antara—isone oftheonly Assamites
toever be Embraced asa matter of universal elan pride,
As the story goes, the one constant through Aneam'
life was his undying love for his wife, Abla. When
‘Antara firs ried to claim Abla's hand in marriage, her
family objected, pointing our thar he was the sen of a
slave, therefore lacking full rights. When the fortunesof
warcame totheir ibe, however, Antara wascalled into
batele tofight alongside his father. He accepted thecall,
and hesoon grew to become the most celebrated warriot
‘of the tnibe. In so doing, he legitimized his claum to
‘Abla's hand, as tribal law also forbade true slaves from
defending the tribe in battle, which Actara had done.
Therefore, by definition, Antara must be a free man
with full rights and privileges,

From hishumble beginnings asthe son of a Bedouin
slave gitl, he rose to become one of the most romantic
figures of the pre-Islamic Middle East. Antara traveled
extensively to prove his worth, winning. hearts and
minds wherever he went with his heroic deeds and
stimngpoetic verse, becomingone of the mest powerful
Bedouin chiefs of his day: The tales of his gloriove
exploits eventually even earned him a place in the
Muallagat — the collection of epic poems hung from
the wallsofthe Khaba in Mecea— which, in tum, drew
him the inevitable attention of the Damned.

Although many Cairites came two court Antara,
circling him like a flock of vultures, it was Nabonids,
‘Agonistes' confederate and founding member of the
Tal'mahe'Ra, who would finally bring him into the
night. Although Antara's Embrace would only bolster
his prowess and heroism in battle, i¢ would forever
isolare him from his eternal love, Abla. Knowing as
much, Antara begged his sire for permission to Embrace
her as well, thar they may spend eternity together, and
‘Nabonidus agreed on the condition that Antara act as
his successor" in Eeypt. A terrible civil warhad splitthe
Tal'maheRaincotwodifferentbranches, and Agonistes
Jhimself hac just departed, leaving Egypt wide open for
reclamation by the Followers of Set. Although he hod
left rwo childer behind, they were mere neonates at the

(Cao Nar

cy


time and were principally concerned with the fortress of
Babylon and their duties to its inhabitants.

Shortly afterstaking hiselaim in Al-Askar, Antara
sain called upon to do bartle —this time, by
clin eldersat Alamur who were putting togetherastrike
force to ly waste to several strongholds of wicked
Kindred in what had been the land of Persia. Antara left
Abla in charge of Banu Yashkue and departed Egy
make war against che unholy ide

etites of the Dream Co

cto
1 took
ipportunity to plant seeds of doube in
\bla's mind, and they slowly convinced her that Antara
wit gone for good. This cooperative effort culminated
ina forged Assamite missive confirming Antara's death
at the handls of the Persian demon-worshippers. In her
ager che rising of the sun one

as away.

Upon discovering what had happened, Antara was
consumed with grief. J join his
heloved in the afterlife, Antara received a message that
hissire had written upon the sky in the kinguage of the
stars. Nabonidus claimed thar Abla was on the orher
side (where he was now), and that she wished Antara to
remain as he always had —a warrior of uncompromis-
ing honor. They would be together again one night,
when God saw to it that the judgment of man was at
hand. Until then, Antara would battle the Followers of
Setwith hisevery waking moment, ashe would all those
rho would defy Gods law

as he prepared

Over the following cencuries, Ant

built up a
considerable network of contacts among the various

nites of the Middle
stigma from the name of hi

He strove to remove the
clan in an attempt to gai

outside support for his own personal goals, and his
efforts proved greatly suc

were eager to go through hi

ful. He fou
order t

stablish
Soon enough, even European
tes were dealing extensively with Antara.
Antara "sided" with the elders during the Anarch
volt, as he was one himself by then, In addition,
many of his Cainite associates were elders, und they

looked to him to: put an uprising of the
neonates in North Africa. When the time cam
out war against his clan, An forward tc
negotiate terms wich the Camarilla at the infamous
conclave held in the city of Tyre in 1496. Many af thet
knew him by then (if not personally, then by 1

and they knew that his was a voice of reason, In
addition, unlike many in his clan, Antara knew of the
Setites'involvementin the revolt, anid he knew that the
Serpents had seen to it that the deck was now stack
heavily against the Children of Haqien. Seeing no other
option on the table, Antara recognized that the best
thing he could da for Alamue war to submit t0 the
mystical blood curse proposed by the Tremere, Al
though humiliated, most afhiselan somberly concurred
with Antara at the time, and the infamous Treaty of
‘Tyre was signed, dooming the clan to 500 years of
humiliation and disgrace.

forall-

Since Ur-Shulgi's breaking of che Tremere curse,
however, Antara
sion among his younger clanmates, He struggles with,
this treatment nightly, as it was never his intent to
ostracize himself, Quite the opposite, in fact, as every
thing Antara did, he did for the Children of Hagim,
Nonetheless, the damage was done, leaving many
Assamites blaming Antara for the 500 years of indignity
thar the clan suffered at the Catnarilla's hands,

Asa result, Ancara's biggest rival in C:
ismaric warrior named Tel'satel-Al

f ical efforts, and he i
ied campaign for support ayainst the
s atavistic ways. Alth

ss become the subject of some deri

Jup the
urrently em.

iously stepped down from his position as councilor of
Banu Yashkur in order to make way for 4 younger
clanmate (in this case, his childe Imanna) the g
wae largely seen as weakness ve
sideration, and Antara now finds himself losing ground
in the Final Nights

Antara desperately secks the support of the ancient
Damascene Ashirra, Muhandis, whom he believes can
help him save the ¢ from itself, Unfortunately,
Muhandis has refused Ancara's entreaties thus far, b
lieving himto be the unw

ture

\gagent of the treac

(Gayms Foue Dao Avo me Doo Tie Diwan Caro

%


powersat wotk it Cairo. The paranoid old Toreadorhas
no idea thar, in doing so, he does more harm than good.

In addition, Ancara no longer even has the benefit
ofhis beloved sire'senduring wisdom andaid Nabonidus,
being the founder ofan order within the Tal'mahe'Ra
called the Rawis (the keepers of the lore), had been in
Enoch at the time of its destruction. Antara fet some-
ching precious inside himdie that night. Only now does
he understand just how alone he truly is

Image: When people speak of the archetypal war-
riorpoet, they are speaking of Antara. He is the
consummate noble warrior, displaying the depth of his
tribal pride with every utterance and gesture. As a
Cainite, Antara isso old that hisjet-black skin glistens
Like onyx in the moonlight

Roleplaying Hints: You are diplomatic when it
comes to interacting with the other vampites of Cairo,
whom you tend you view as wayward and unculy ani-
inals, The exceptions co this pacronage lie in the Baali
and the Followers of Set, whom you afford neither
Tespect nor mercy. Speaking in cultured tones, youshow
the proper courtesy to all others in your attendance

even those who are scarcely worth the honor. Only by
encouraging cooperation and respectful discourse can

reason hope to prevail in the coming Final Nights.
Secrets: Being one of Caito's original vampiric
founders, Antara knows a great deal abous the city and
its ahadow history. Although he és loyal to his clan and
to Hagitn above all, Antara is beginning to believe that
he can never "go home again." He has come to realize
that he has made hisecernal bed in Egypt. Now he must

be prepared to lie in it, regardless af the conenquences
Clan: Assamite (Warrior caste)
Sire: Naboniduy
Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 482
Apparent Age: carly 30s

ical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7,

fanipulation 5, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 6, Incelligence 3, Wics 7
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 6, Dodge 4,
Empathy 5, Expression 6, Intimidation 5, Sureetwise 1,
Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Drive 2, Btiquette 5, Firearms 3,
Melee 7, Perfo ¢ 5, Ride 6, Stealth 4, Suretval §
Knowledges: Academics (theology) 6, Area Knowl-
edge 6, Bureaucracy 4, Finance3, History 5, Investigation,
5, Law 4, Linguistics 5, Occult 7, Politics 4

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Assimite Sorcery 5, Auspes
5, Celerity 6, Dominate 3, Forticude 6, Obfuscate 4,
Potence 5, Presence 6, Provean 4, Quietus 7
Sorcerous Paths: Awakening of the Steel 5, Echo of f]
Nirvana 5, Huncer's Winds 5, Warding 5, Whispers
the Heavens 5 |
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 5, Resources
4, Retainers 5, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 4. Self-Control §, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 9

IManna, Vorceor tie NigHt
Background: After the creation of the Consulta
tive Council in the 1920s, Antara'sunlfe became even,
more complicated. For a score of years, he struggled
under the efforts of his political rival, Tel!aat, who had
objected to Antara'sassumption of the Assamiteseaton
the council. Ever since his return from Alamut, Tel'aat
had been a vocal opponent of the founder of Bans
Yochkur, and he seemed intent on gaining support
ithin the clan while belittling the efforts of one of
‘airo's most prominent elders.

Distraught, Antara took to various meditativetech-
niques that his site had taught him in order to gain
balanceand clarity. He would sivin theden ofhissimple
house in Abdin, smoking his khalfa and clearing his
mind of all unnecessary thoughts. When radio began to
popularize in Cairo, he took to scanning the channels
while he meditated. One night during the mid-1940s,
hhe happened upon the most exquisite voice he had ever
heard —aCairene woman broadcasting
love overthe radio waves. Antara listened
night thereafter, and hesoon grew obsessed with uncev-
ring the woman's identity, eager to put a face to the
voice that so thoroughly enchanted hirn

Thewoman who isnaw knownastmanna had been
an only child, broughtup by single working mother in
alower-classCairospartment. All her life,shehad been
brought up to believe thar nothing was out of reach as
long as she put her mind to it. When she tried to make
her own way in Cairo, however, she find the reality to
be a camel of 4 drastically different color, All the
le; mate cuployment opporiuitics seemed tw be
reserved formen, andeverywhere Imannatumed, some-
body was telling her what was and was not her plac
do. Some men (and women, t00) went s0 fi
her that her only real option lay in finding a suitable
husband.

Determined to beat the system, Imanna began to
dress, act and think like a man. She cut her hait, used her
naturally versatile voice to lower her vocal pitch, and
she obtained falsified entifieation papers, Soon she

Cano 8 Now

%


"obtained work ae the Mogamma — Egypt's downtown
central government complex — in a lowly administra-
tive position, Imani hue broken through (sort of), but
only by waking up every morning and denying who she
was all day,

To compersate, Imanna began to release her Femi:
nine side in song. She had been a natural-born singer
since she was young, and the passionate intensity of
release that she found in music helped her to justify the
ie iat she Tad built for Lscaself, Whi
ralio station started looking for new talent, she signed
up and was soon given her own evening program. Once
aweck, Imanna would tke her oud down co the station
and simply "let it all out" for an hour.

After a few weeks, Imanna — as she became known.
to her fans — teceived a mysterious visitor. Unlike her
otheradmiters, thisone seemed tohavea genuine interest
in]mannaand her life. He took her back tohishouse, and,
overthecoune ofalongevening,he explained to hersome
incredible things about the city of her birth — indeed,
about the entire world. Then the stranger did a curious
thing: Hle asked Imanna for hee help.

This man, who called himself Antara, wanted to
step down from his position as the tnibal representative
of his vampiric clan, but he could name no other
ee.

a bnalaccess

candidate whom he trusted to take his p
he confessed, filled him with a sense of peace and

balance that he had not felt in centuries, and he t

her to allow him 1 inflict upon her dhe Embrace, that
she may assist him in his efforts among the undead.
When faced with such a bizarre and overwhelming
pitch, [manna felt that she could do little but agree.

Although many consider Imanna a pretender, she
hhasdone her best to step up co the role that she's heer
given. In her brief decades among the undead, Imanna
has learned much about Cainite society, and she has
become # remarkably competent ambassador for Banu
Yashkur insuch ashore time. She! dy eared the
respect of most of her fellow eouncilots, and she feels
that she may yet eam the respect of her fellow
clanmates... before it's too late.

Tmmage: Although Imani possesses an undeniuble
allure, itis ako an oddly androgynous one. Given the

ght make-up and masculine attte, it's easy to se
she could have fooled people for so long into thinking
thar she was man. When she dresses to accentuate her
femininity, however, Imanna is utterly breathtakiny,

Roleplaying Hints: You have finally found the
place where you belong. Ironically, you have seen orily
slightly less discrimination on this side of death, but
that is not what is important. What is important i that
the woman you have always been finally has the oppor
tunity todo some good. and you would no trade that for
anything in the world,

Secrets: As councilor for one of Cairo's most influ
ential domains, Imanna constantly has herfingeron the
puke of the city — especially as it pertains to Banu
Yashkur. She sees it as her duty to tend eo the political

desperately moves to keep the
self apart in the coming Final Nights

Clan: Assamite (Warrior caste)

Sire: Antara the Shepherd

Nature: Visionary

Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1947
Apparent Age: late 205

Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness2, Athletics 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Music 4, Performance 3,
Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 1, Area Knowledge 4, Fi
nance 2, History 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguistics
2, Occult 3, Politics 4, Science 3
Disciplines: Celericy 2, Dominate 1, Fortitude 1, Ob
fuscate 3, Presence 1, Quietus 3

(Gumus Fou: Dao Avonc ne Dow Te Darmaa.cr Caso

C7


Backgrounds: Allies 4, Herd 3, Influence 3, Retainers
(phils) 2, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 5

Ter'aarer-ALi, THe RIsINe FLAME

Background: Tel'aat l-Ali was a promising wa
rior in the elite Mameluke guard during the violent
reign of Sultan Bacjug. Although he was a Mameluke
in station, he had come from a long line of

uninadean knights stretching back through time,

and he was genetically distinct from the other Turkish
and Kipchak soldier-slaves of the day. Asa youngman,
Tel ant found himselfan outsider, regandlessof where he
‘went in Cairo. To the eity at large, he was part of a
vulgar and militaristic warrior caste at best, and a piece
‘of human chattel at worst. To the other Mamelukes, he
was the irony of their lives made flesh — a man of so-
called "noble blood" who was nonetheless bought and
sold along with the rest of them — and they often took
their bitterness out on him in kind

‘When the Mongols swept into the Egyptian empire
from the east, Tel'sat was part of a Mameluke army sent
to repel them. Under Tamerlane, the Mongols crushed
allresistance, sacking Aleppoin 1400before movingon
ro Damaseus and Baghdad. Although the Mamelukes
had lost theie struggte to maintain theie eastern tertito
ries, Tel'aat survived the baceles with Tamed
he was backhandedly rewarded for his eas
and particular sense of Jury in the form of the Embrace.

He retumed to Egypt to find a growing movement
‘among the youngest of his kind. Childer were striki

untold opportunities for judgment upon their fellow

Kindred. He forged pact with a young Lasombra
named Munthet

J Munther's plan tw destroy his own sire, King

sri al-Lam'a, Although many believe that the only'

survivor of the attack was Munther himself, it was

actually Tel'aat who laid the telling blow, thereby

setting the stage for the terrible power struggle that
exists in Banu al-Lam's tonight.

When the fires of revolt had cooled, Tel'aat was left
withachoice: return to Alamutandto' orjoin the
nascent Sabbatasone of theantiibu. Bverdesicated wo his
clan, Tel'aat decided to recum co the fold, leaving his
Lasombet companion c his own devices in Banu al
Lam'a, They exchanged vows of honor an brotherhood,
scaling them forever with a pact of secrecy.

his ancitnbu clanmate — an American Sabbat ramned
Jim Spenser. Spenser has been nosing around Banu
‘Yashkur, apparently looking for someone or something,
and his inquiries have proven subtle enough thus farto
avoid outright suspicion. The Lasombea have provided
Tel‘aat with little information on this new visitor, an
he is beginning to finally suspect his old accomplice of
some inevitable treachery.

Above and beyond allthis, however is Telaut's deep
and abiding resentment toward the founder of Bam
Yashkur. He blames Antara for much ofthe clan's sue
ing,and he would see all eawardssuch ashe strippedof the
precious blood that coures through their veins — the
Hood of Haim, He fully understands Antara's power asa
symbol to and of the clan. To Tel'aot, tearing down that
symbol is all che more necessary.

Throughoue the reign of Mukhtar Bey, Tel'aat has
attempted to use his shared cultural heritage with the
Mameluke prince for hisown political be
even became eanfidants after 2 time
mission in Cairo that much more difficult. Further.
mote, since the breaking of the Tremere curse, Tel'aat
has stepped up his efforts, delivering. numerous fiery
ppoeches to the other members of his clan in the name

tion and stabiliry. Tel'aat feels thar the time has
finally come for the new order — chat is, the original
‘order — to take root in Egypt once
believes himself to the be the unliv
‘transformation.

Image: Tel‘aat alwaysstrives to embody the best in
the usual Assamite archetypes. In earlier nights, he


le robes or in the attire most cc
the felaheen. These nights, he dresses in slick, dark suit:
that highlight his powerful physique. Furthermore,
Tel'aat ne! wut without the customary harta andl

inal cove
Roleplaying Hints: You are the vanguard for the
Children of Haqim in Cairo. They have spent useless
centuries suffering under the so-called wisdom of cow
arly elders, and youseek to return them to their former
glory: There was a time when the name "Ascamite"
struck fear and awe into the hearts of all Kindred. That
time will come again.
Secrets: Although he openly claims toe a fervent
follower of the teachings of Haqim, Tel'aat was forever
tainted by his association with the Lasombra. As a
result, has divested himself of his former beliefs. He has
embraced his true spiritual calling —the Path of Power
and the Inner Voice — since the violent nights of the
Anarch Revolt, and itis this more thin
Urives the Assassin so relentlessly in his ende
Clans Assamite (Warrior caste)
Sire: Emile Tobruk
Natures Autocrat
Demeanor:
‘Generation: Sth
Embrace: 1401
Apparent Age: late 305
rength 5, Dexterity §, Stamina 5
arisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 5,
Performance 4, Stealth 5, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics2, Area Knowle,
racy 3, Camarilla Lore 3, Clan Knowledge
4, Clan Knowledge (Followers of Set) 3, Investi
4, Law 3, Linguistics 4, Occult 5, Polities ibbat Lore
4
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, elerity 5, Do
nate 2, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 5, Obtenebration 3,
Porence 2, Quietus 5
Backgrounds: Alles 3, Contacts 2, Influence 3, B.
cainers 3, Searus 4
Virtues: lf-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 6

Willpower: 7

raditionalist

Conviction 5,

(Gun Fur Dao Avon

Beomepian THe TURK
Background: Bom in Sicily in
middle-class Turkish family, Beomedi
4 child, thank
usiness, Beomedian had
sily fo
the way. However, his bx
drawn at age 14,
slent outburst

858. w a large

Khulud had
tw worry about a o his
profitable ships

lems in schow

ow prob
friendships along
me more with:

and he grew prone to sudden and

Although his parents said thar they
wed thar it was come cart af sickness, Reomedian:
zed almost immedintely that he was most definitely
ig poisoned. He argued for several weeks with the

bed men who would slither nightly into hi

after taking precautions ty conceal

truth eventually became clear tw hi

pom, but

slowly poisoning him in order to consume him and h
precious ideas.

Confused by the sudden realization of who was be
hind this arrempe on his life, Beomedian nonetheless
knew thar he had to strike quickly and preemprively. His

attempt to reverse
failed, howe

and

fare that they had planned for hisn
(there hadn't be nie in the
we local hopital, his
were released withaclean billofhealth. Too proud
to see their son thrown into a jal cell, the Kulu family
hhad him aimitved to the asylum in Charenton, France
The ayylum was a place of cruel roreure fc
medi

enough a

frer a short stay in

Be

the constant presence af the hopelessly ins

what with all those endless questions an

ie, Ie was
enough to bring him to the hrink of madness, himself
He had to wait
finally escaped the p

ver seventeen years, but Beomedian

during a massive electrical

store that caused several fires in the main building,

1 Disc Tre Daven o Cano
»


‘Twomonthslater, he was in Tunis, having stowed away
ona cruise ship departing from Nice. Although he had
spent the majority of his life in the asylum, Beomedian
hhad become quite skilled at negotiating services andl
favors from the greedier guatds and more lucid inmates,
In Tunis, he quickly pus these sills to use in the city's
large black marker, which had been apermanenc fixture
since the days of the Barbary pirates. Through liberal
tse of blackmail, extortion and bribery, he quickly
acsembled group of vicious thugs and smugglers to
further protect him from the hostile forces that rou-
tinely aligned against him,

Inwas during this time that Hibah first approached
Beomiedian, Despite her fallures during the Tripolitan
‘War, Hibals had been charged by Alamut to keep the
medhling Eurvpeans out of North Aftica. Beomedian
‘was intrigued by the powerful woman, even warming t0
thearrangement that she proposed. Helping her disrupt
the many French "auction" houses in Tunis would
mean a Larger share for bis organization, but he didn't
fully crust her. For all he knew, che was an assassin sent
by his parents, finally come co finish the job. The
negotiation quickly tumed into an argumencof wecusa-
tions, the result of which was the Assamite's blade
fiemly implanted in Beomedian's gut and his life drain-
ing ftom his torn-oue throat.

After regnining control of herself; Hiab quickly
Embraced the dying mortal in hopes of proceeding with
hier original plan co destabilize the expanding Ventrue
power base inthe city. She believed thatthe mortal that
she had not intended to Embrace was her best chance of
success in this matter, due to the speed with which he
had assembled such an organized underworld following.

Despite her best efforts, Hibah and her reluctant
progeny were calledto the mountain five years later. Yet
aaguin, her plans were less than successful, as the Euro-
pean vampires continued to prosper on Tunisian soil
Once at Alumut, Beomedian completed the last two
yearsof his training as required by tradition, and he was
then sent to Ca support his brethren there. Al-
though he was told that his site would soon follow, he
hus not seen her since the might he left for Egypt.

Beomedian's arrival in Cairo in 1899 was an event
fo regard co the vampi ofthe city, and
few thought twice abour his quick inroads into the
mortal erime syndicates and street urchins. The star-
ting Lack of influence in the mortal underworld in
Cairo yave Beomedian pause at first. He was certain
that the Setites who invariably infested such things
were simply toying with him. Over the course of many
years, however, he found thar the lack af such a pres
ence was not a subtle trick at all, bur the surest sign of

the Asamite elder Antara's power over such things
Beomedian quickly exerted his influence over local
street gangs, smugglers, fences, blackmailers, extortion:
istsand informants, carefully cultivatinga webof moral
pawns to shelter him from those who were in
looking for him.

Soon after solidifying his power base
Beomedian struck a quiet bargain with Coun,
ter through Foster's lackey, Hussein al-Hus:
‘Ventrue operations in Cairo were overextended, and
few Ventrue had the time or the inclination to person:
ally seeto their well- being. In exchange for keeping an
eve out for Ventrue interests, Beornedian's business
operations would need fear no reprisal. Beomedian has
taken thiseventasasign thac the Ventrue have become
‘worried that his loow faction could theoretteally sup:
plant their poorly organized influences. When
Beomedisan finally has the right people on hisside, such
a theory may well prove accurate

Recently, Beomedian has started an odd relation:
ship with the Fron Toreador, Andres LeCompte,
through various social salans and by helping him 9c:

quire certain "luxury" items with a minimum of fuss,

They have become quite comfortable around «ach
other, and rumors of an entente of some sort have begun
to spread. In truth, Beomedian has attempted (unsuc
cessfully) to steal the Toreador's blood on two different
cccasions, $0 as to try to determine his viability as a
diablerie victim. He has also been attempting to have
LeCompte's retainers and servants watched, in order to
ascertain the exact location and weaknesses of his
havens. Beomedian intends to stalk the French Tore
dor until he knows his every move and hiding spot. So
far, he has been moderately successful in this task, but,
hae refuses to strike until all the odds have boen stacked
hhesaily in his

Image: A short and stocky man, Beomedian's sharp
features have been weathered and etched by his strenvous
‘mortal days although he isswarthy, his kin has yet to fully
darken due to the age af his Assamite blood. He usually
wears his jet-black hair short, but has ben known to
follow the latest European style for such thins.

Roleplaying Hints: Itisonly through sheer force of
will that you have been able to avert the worst symp-
toms of your insaruty, although the strange noises and
sudden fis of unfounded paranoiado get the best of you
sometimes. You are constantly aware af how much
control you have ever yourself, and you delight in
probingothers subtly 402s wo discern how much control
they truly have. You have found chat jovuility and
witticism are the perfect weapons tw disarm a possible

Cao Nox

100

foc, and you try your best to use them on those you
suspect of treachery

Secrets: Beomedian suspects thatTel'a
ahostile move against Anrara, to take ov
and holdings in Cairo. Beomedian believes that suc
move would very quickly put him at odds with Tel'aat,
and that the way of unlife he currently enjoys would be
greatly disrupted if not ended in such an event. While
he doubts that he could prevent such a plot from ever
the Ventrue for support, sos to remove Tel'aat once he
is in power, In the unlikely event that the Ventrue
prove unwilling (or incompetent), Beomedtian has al
ready begun training his ghiils in the ways of thedaylight
maid, che stake and the bomb. Beomedian is also the
Kindred known in cerrain circles as the Vultur
‘Clan: Assamite (Vizier caste)

ret Hibuh
Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Trickster
Generation: 9h
Embrace: 1892
Apparent Age: 30s

rength 4, Dexterity

may make
his position

‘co fruition, he does believe that

amina 4
Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

lertn: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Doxige 4,

Subcerfuge 3
Skills: Demolitions 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 4,

Performance 3, Pilot (boat) 2, Security 3, Scealth 4,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 1, Camarilla Lore 1, Clan

Knowledge (Ventruc) 2, Finance 4, Investigation 3,
Linguistics 3, Occult 1, Poli

2, Fortitude 1, Obfus

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Herd 2, Influence 4, Resources
3, Retainers (ghil thugs) 4

Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Path of Blood 4
Willpower: 7

BANUAL-Hagl

TnnJa'ran, THE Gorpex Sonor Cano

Background: It is said that ut the time of Salah

Din'sdeath, hisentire fortune consisted of 47 dinars and
olden, holy coin. Rumor has it that this coin

was passed down through the caliphs — having been

originally owned by the Prophet himselfand eventually
falling to Salah al-Din. Although many claim to have
possessed this coin in the centuries since his death, in

ty, there is only one true owner of the Prophet's
Holy Coin
(On has death bed im Damascus in 1193, Salah al-
Din was visited by a teprescatative af Tarique, the
founder of the Hajj in Arabia. Tarique sen a childe of
his own to witness the passing of the great Ayyubid
sultan and, if possible, Embrace him into the clan,
While in his prime, Salah al-Din had heen considered
nds off" to the damned Childer of Caine, but now
thathe wasdying, thiscould behis astchance at eternal
tnlife. Ja'far, Tarique's childe and representative, was
bestowed with the authority to make this weighty
decision on his own, based upon what he saw while he
was in Damascus.
Every night on his way to the sultan's chambers,
4 taken up
tne was

Ja'far passed a lowly street urchin who
residence outside the sultan's palce. Alth

per. the boy seemed largely unaffected by his cand.
tion, and his genuine love of God shone like an innet
light that gave the Nosferatu pause as he passed by. On
the second night of his vigil, Jafar stopped to make a
donation to the boy, bute was refused. W)
neboy why, there came the simple reply, "Because God
has seen to my needs." Scoffing, the Nosferatu went
along his way, though not before realizing that the
discomfort he had felt in the boy's presence was the
telltale sign of divine favor

On the thind night, when Salah al-Din bade his
servant to fetch the devout leper boy from the street

‘Guts Fou: Deas Awcxc i Deo Ti Dasnen ct Cao


‘outside, none was more surprised than Ja'fur, who had
been watching the dying sultan from the shadows.
Upon his death bed, Salah al-Din bestowed upon the
beggar boy the holy jlden coin of Muhammad, saying
that no one in either his family nor his own courtly
retinue was deserving of the precious artifact. Only the
pious leper-child —onewho didnot forsake Allaheven
after being stricken with such blight —

truly worthy by the dying sultan.

Rather than Embrace the old sultan, the Hajj
decided that the boy's inheritance was a sign from God,
adhe decided to bring him into the fold instead. Upon.
his Embrace, the bay'sskin tookon the luster of the very

and the event was seen asa revelation to all

within the sect. Tarique himself rejoiced from bis an-

eat home in Mecea, instructing Ja'farto take hisnew

ehilde to lah al-Din's greatest

triumph, where the Hajj had grown numerous but

the neonate, thereafter known

as thn Jafar, soon surpassed his sire in his devotion to

the Hai). Upon his site's return ty Arabia, Ibn Ja'Ear

founded a new khitta for the Hajj in the territory
developed during Salah al-Din's reign.

For centuries, Iba Ja'far was the very model of
religious authority — beneficent, capable and kind. In
the last century, however, he has fallen from his duties
to some extent, and the more perceptive among the
Hajj have noticed i sagging quality én his efforts, His
speeches, once fiery and bold, have lostall urgency, and
he is caely seen bearing his distinctive smile anymore.
Even his illustrious skin seems to have lost its once:
brillant gleam,

‘The truth, sad as it may seem, is that Ibn Jafar has
lost his oly golden coin — and with it, his faith. The
boy ty plagued by self-doubt and confusion, and he
wracks his brain nightly for the answers to his self.

estions. He has confided only in his childe,
Shahid. Hischilde currently cries convince Ibn Ja'far
thachisfaith isseparate and distinct from hislegacy,and
that he can once again hecome the paragon of the Hajj
with or without the coin. Although Ibn Ja'far woukd like
to believe this, he has tried many times to atone for his
loss, but nothing, has retumed him his faith, He is
convinced that hie devotion to God — indeed, his
entire existence — is linked to the divine relic that
earied him his damnation, and he fears that bork may
be lost to him forever

Image: Although he looks inhuman to be sure, thn
Jatfar's form possesses an oddly appealing quality. The
boy's dark skin shines like sooey gold, giving his body «
slight maliance wherever he goes. Ibn Ja'fa claims that he
ts incapable of altering this aspect of his visige even if he

desited todo 0, and he typically bolisto hisown domain
inorder to preserve the Masquerade (and continued xox
relations with the prince). tris this peculiar characteristic
as much his nearly Messianic status among the Haj tut
first eamed him his dramatic title.

Roleplaying Hints: You may be trapped in the
body ofa shimmering, leprous bay-child, but you feel at
though you have seen forever. Although you believe
chat it is your curse and thus your duty to Allab to stay
inthisform until Judgment Day, you have grown weary,
So many relying on you for so much for 90 long...
without your faith, it all just seems like a great hig le.

Secrets: Tha Jilfar knows much of what occurs in
Cairo, both 2s-a councilor and as the leader of the Haj
Unfortunately for those who would make use of his great
knowledge, Ibn Ja'far's current spiritual crisis of con
science is consuming him body and soul, and he seems to
have little time or inclination for anything else,

‘Clan: Hajj (Nosferatu)

Sire: Ju'far al-Medinat
Nature: Penitent
Demean:

+ 1193

Apparent Age: « child, no older than 12

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,

Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 5, Streetwise
erfupe 3

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Exiquerte 3, Melee 5, Stealth 4,

Survival 5

Knowledges: Academics (theology) 4, Area Know!

edge (Cairo) 5, Area Knowledge (Damascus) 3
uctacy 1, Investigation 4, Law 5, Linguisties 4,

Occult 5, Polities 4, Science 3,

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Fort

tude 4, Obfuscare 4, Potence 5, Presence 1, Dur-An-Ki

(Mesopotamian Blood Magic) 5

Sorcerous Paths: Life's Water 5, Covenant of Nergal 4,

Suleienan's Laws 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Influence 3, Re-

tainers 4, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage §

Path: Humanity 7

Willpower: 6

‘True Faith: 0 (formerly 5)

Note: Dur-An-Ki sorcery is covered in the book Blood

Sacrifice. Storytellers who don't wish to use this re-

(Cao Nor

102


source should give Ibn Ja'far Thaumaturgy, with the
Path of Blood at level five and the Path of Spirit
Manipulation at level two instead.

SHAD, Keeper orrie WoRD
Background: Shahid was Embraced due
the darkest times in Cairo's history. A long period of
famine followed one of the city's 1
and food w. ¢ during this lean time that
cannibalism by f life. The paradoxical laws
ainst cannibalism that subsequently arose further
perpetuated the crime, as all convieted cannibals had
their flesh torn apart and distribured to the people. It
even became common practice for starving househalds
and then attack and devour the

ny great plagues,

to send for deliver
delivery boys.
Shahid was one such delivery boy who suffered one
of these gruesome attacks. In his hunger, the man who
beat him for his flesh failed to actually kill the boy, and
Shahid managed to escape after being only partially
eaten, When the man left to acquire his daily bread,
Shahid limped away with pare of hie right arm and calf
missing, and he finally collapsed in a side street. Know-
w that he would die, he prayed ro Allah and gave
anksforthe life that he had been given. Shahid would
have been powerless to stop his assailant "
the job, had he ever been aware that che enraged
1 now following the tral of blood to
poor boy Lay.
Ibm Ja'far, who had been erying to keep the city's
mapant cannibalism from defiling Banu ol-Hajji, came
across the dying boy while out on one of his patrols. The
erofthe Hajj expected tofind the boy cursing Allah
for his fate, but hahid giving thanks
and praise to All breaths, Ibn Jo'far wats
moved. Evenafter such ahideous fate, here lay someone
witha faith unshaken thing in those dark and
godless times. Shahid's artacker found the boy, bur he
failed to notice Ibn Ja'far who had concealed himself
from theattacker'seye. Asthe attacker grabbed Shahid'
halfveaten leg, Ibn Ja'far acted with righteous fury,
smiting the sinner into a barely recognizable mass of
pulped flesh. Then. he turned to Shahid and, upon
heating the boy's prayer to Allah for salvation, Em
e that time, Shahid hasserved the Hajj and fbn
y. Heuriderstands that he must atone forhis
sins as a Nosferatu, but he does not curse his fate at
becoming one of the Damned. Instead, he gives thanks
(0 Allah for the second chance that he
Hn Jaa fi
and the si

Shahid! faith and humilicy insp
has come to envy the chi

Je's acts of sincere

and simple worship. For his part, Shahid admires Ja'fa,
seeing in him a genuine (if somewhat fallen) ser
Allah. He knows that Ibn Ja'far currently struggles with
a crisis of faith, but he believes that his site will over:
come this doubt and grow even closer to God
Shahid is his sire's ch
etly night after

nvof

est confidant, listening qui
ight as Ibn Ja'far pours his distraught
in prayer. Shahid understands that Ibn
doesn't even realize how much he gives
two pray together, and he has come to
view his talks with his mentor as

soul cut to
Ja'far himse
away when th
sacred duty. He has
swom himself nal secrecy segardin

thoughts and insecurities, and he hopes only that he
willhave the opportunity one night to save hissireashis
sire once did for him.

Although it pains him co do so, Shahid has secret
tharhe ke sn fbn Jafar. Shahid hassencountered
Petra, a fathful Copric Christian Nosferars whowe clan

pear as divine stigmata, She i the chile

of Tha Ja'fne's gre
fel ire

fest rival, Shugaret al-Durr, bur Shahid
drawn to her nevertheless. They have met
‘many times to discuss the nature
although they disagece o

of faith in the clan, and,
certain dogmatic matters, both
and respect
beyond even that, they have fallen in love
Despite Pecra's Christianity, Shahid feels that he
has never met someone so close to the divine
whatever it may be called —as Petra. Shahid wants to
confide in Ibn Ja'far about his feelings for her, but he
believes that even if his sire could understand his
Nosferatu outside the Ha
understand a Muslim anda Christian shar

have come to km ther. Indeed.

attraction ithe could

galovethat

Cara Fou: Dao Avoerit Duo: Tit Das oF Cao


is pure and true — that ie would only add to Ibn Ja'fae's
current criss of faith. From what Petra tells Shahid of
her own sire, he believes that Shagaret would find the
couple abhorrent aswell. Nevertheless, Shahid believes
that Allah meant for the two of them to find one
another, andtheirloveendures, The secret relationship
gives even more strength to Shahid's already potent
faith, and he will fight w defend his love, should anyone
discover the truth,

Image: Thanks to hispowers of concealment, Shahid
keeps his true form mercifully hidden from view. Even
for those who can see through his Obfuscare, however,
Shahid always wears a full-body galabiyya, concealing
the terrible abominacion beneath. His naked form is a
latticework of gray-green, musculature — ragged and

a some places, tussingentirely in others. When he
walks, he does so with a severe limp, as the majority of
his right leg was removed and consumed before his

race, and what is left of his right acm appears much,
the same. Despite ull of this monstrosity, however, his
gentle eyes remain remarkably humane.

Roleplaying Hints: Although you would never tell
anyone what has become of your site's once powerful

th, you understand that the brunt of the responsibil-
ity for the continuation of Allah's work falls upon you
«long ay your site struggles with his uncertainty, You
were chosen for your devotion, and now you must

continue th
sire and yn

Secret

devotion —noronly to Allah, burto your
‘ternal love as well.

Inv addition to his secret love affair with

numerous Kindred — particularly regarding matters of
tivation and faith, of which he has an intuitive

understanding. Over the years, he has engaged in theo-

logical discourse with many of those with whom he
ies eternity, including Aziz, the Malkavian who has
‘overed a spiritual "shortcut" to vampiric enlighten-

Unknown to Shahid, the Malkavian owes much

of his spiritual successto all that he learned by watching

Shahid'shumbleexample —adeb that Aziz intends to

repay with the gift of Golconda itsel, if ac all possible.

(Clans Hiyj (Nosferatu)

Sires thn Jafar

Nature: Masochist

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1757

Apparent Age: carly 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dov
Empathy 5, Expression 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 3, quette 1, Melee 2,
Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 1, Area Knowledge 5, Expert
Knowledge (theology) 3, Investigation 3, Law I, Line
uisties 2, Medicine 3, Occult 4

nimalism 3, Fortitude 3, Obfascare 4,
Potence 4, Protean |
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Mentor 4

onscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

‘Suacarerat-Dunr, THe TREE OF Deans,

Background: Shagaret al-Durr—the Treeof Peatls
-is the first, last and only female sultana that Egypt has

known. Like many rulers of the day, the former
sultan had taken a Turkish slave git! for his wife,
bringing her to Cairo to revel in the splendor of the
sreatest city in Islam. When he died, she cleverly
disguised the fact in order to make time for the su
son to rerum from d claim the throne: Hi
was to prevent the Mamelukes, who had 1
position of considerable power in Egypt, from sum-
‘marily takingthe country while the only remainingheie
of age was off fighting in the Crusades

‘Although it was a bold one, Shagaret's gambit ulti
aiarely failed. Her ov jealousy resulted inthe death other
hhushand, Aibek, and she was given over to a former rival
forbloody disposal. The rival'sfemale etinwe beat
nearly to death with sauna clogs and tnswel her hady aver
the Citadel walls into the moar below
Although she was believed to have been devo)

by hungry dogs, Shagaret was actually rescued
Embraced by a Nosferatu who had made a hom
mudkly waters outsid

Ir was like a cwisted reflection of the way Shagaret
herself looked just hefore she died, and she suddenly
‘understood what it was that she was meant to do.
Inthe centuriesafterher*retum' to Cuiro,the Tree
of Pearls chafed at two of the most prominunc powers in
Cairo — the Mameluke prince and the Haj. She
became a vocal opponent of the treatment that non-
Muslim Nosferatu received in Cairo, andl she soon built
ahaven for them all inside her own private domain in
Banu al-Hajji. Although she was (or had been) Mush
herself, she railed against the discrimination that they
endured, and. with each fiery sermon, she brought more
believers under her belt of pearls —the Alnilam. Inthe

(Guo stNor


lust century or s, the Alnitim have grown especially
afruny, and they now boast members from all walke of
non-Muslim unlife. Once ignored as. ridiculous fringe
cult, the Alnilar are now stepping up with one very
loud wotee in Cairo
Alehough many believe the Tree of Pearls to be the
secret leader of the Gchenna cult known as Allah
Walid she is not. She can, however, be considered a
founding member of the cult, and she woukl give
anything tosee the arrogant Mameluke prince brought
down from his position of power. Shagoret has even
recently heard that shapeshifters — the prince's sworn
have entered Caito and that they admite
her as some kind ot kindred spirit. She is currently
debating how best to use this information.
Trager Shayaret typically appears as she did in life
ant Turkish wornan of rarified breeding and
poise. She favors bright colors, offsetting the grimness of
her disposition while drawing a subconscious conn
tion to the people of "her" city. Her true form, on the
and, isa grisly display of twisted meat and bone
ul angles. The right side of her head is
ashed both in and forward, giving het face the close:
set appearance of « traditional hieroglyphic portrait.
Roleplaying Hints: You never stepped being sul-
death wasmerely an inconvenient pause in your
plins for Cairo. Speak to others as though you have
done them some great service in the past and they are
‘now coming to ask for your help yet again. Be polite to
other elders, but never pander to inconsequential inter-
ests and never ever bow to anyone.
‘ecretst The Tree of Pearls is gearing up for a full-
seile takeover bid on the prineedom of Cairo. She

(Gms Fou Dea Anos

believes thatshe has spread enough paranoia about the
prinee through her association with Allah Walid to
censure others' support of her when all is said and done.
Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Umm al-Mawt

Nature: Architect

Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1257

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

pression
ibrerfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Ac
4, Investigation 3, Law 1, Linguist
Occult 4, Politics 4
es: Animalism 4, Auspex 3, Dominate 4,

5, Fortirude 3, Obfuscate 4, Potence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Influence 2, Re-
sources 3, Retainers (ghils) 3, Status 3
Virtuest Conscience 2, Self-Control 5,
Morality: Hur
Willpow

Banuat-Lam'a

nowledge 1, History
3, Medicine 1,

anity 5

Fatimaitat-La'a, MONARCH OF THE LIGHT
Background: Fatimah was Embraced in 970, shortly

after King Sharif arrived in Cairo with the Shi'a c
Sharif had fallen in love with Fatimah som
in Tunis, while she was still s young
Lasombra benef

oman. Her
cor watched her from che shadows as
she grew to adulthood, admiring her quiet dignity and
poise as one would admire the elegance of a beautiful
gown. When the time came for him to move south into
Egype, King Sharif took Farimah with him as his lover
and consort. The Lasombra had a dreamn that was to be
medieval Cairo, and he wanted to share every moment
of that dream with his eternal love.

When King Sharif finally granted Fatimah the
power to take a childe of her own, she mad r choice
‘carefully, courting her potential childe over many years
as her sire had done, Fatimah's mistake, however, had
been in playing the Embracing game too wisely and too
well. Her midnight assignations with her would-be

14 Dea Toe Dan of Coo
105


progeny resulted in the one variable she could not have
accounted for: Whether mortal or not, the young Egyp-
tian had truly fallen in Jove with her.
Although Fatimuh assumed! that her new child
a man named Munther al-Aswad — would grow accus
ved ter the reality of his sitezition, he didmoe. Instead,
Munther grew eve

jons, Munther put an end to the great Lasombra
\k up the cause of the Sabbar in Cairo.

Jown, however, Fatimah remained

tw het site' legacy of faith, and she continued to

domain in Banu al-Lam'a as Sharif' descendant.

She actively opposed the Sahbat and set about cement.
ingherinfluenceamongboth the Camarillaand Ash

of Egypt. When the prince instituted his Consultative

Council, Fatimah graciously stepped into the role an

behalf of her dom has heen one of the mast

respected of the city's councilors ever since,

Fatimah isa devout Shs Muslim, and she contin:
use ta lead the ni Aahirrs of Cairo in prayer,
while actively encouraging them to maintain good
relations with all other Ashitra. Although the spiritual
ivide between Sunni and Shi'a is deep
the Cainites of Islam tend to take the larger view and are
somewhat less disrupted by sects
opinion. Even tn Ja'fae himself —
devout Sunni in Cairo — counts Fa
closest alhes within the sect.

Even though she is technically antiibu, the
Camarilla councilor of Bana al-Lam'a is more powerf
than many Sabbat clan members.

1 Courts of Blood —ct

nong mortals,

ian differences of
mguably che most
mah among his

and she is a ranking member in the Friends of the
Night. She has nurmerousallies within the elders ofthat
august group, including Zarathustra, the Lasorabra
Methuselah and secret Prince of Antioch, Fatih
made a regular houseguest of the antierhu mercenury
Lucita up until the latter's recent defection to the
‘Sabbac, and with the death of Lucita's sie, the religio
mastermind Cardinal Mongada, Fatimah's influence in
theclanhasgrown considerably. Asa result,rioLasomnbra
spermitted to take any aggressive action against Fatimah
al-Lam‘a without a proper ruling from the Courts — a
highly unlikely occurrence.

In public, Fatimah is attended at all times by het
‘eternal handmaiden, Asima. Shortly afterher Embrace,
Fatimah made a ghil of her favorite mortal servant, and
the two have been inseparable ever since, Asima is at
‘once the councilor's personal assistant, trusted confi-
dantand highly capable bodyguard. Of pariculerimpor
is Asis \g immunity toany application of the
vampiric Discipline Obfuscate, an ability she has put at
her domitor's disporal on more chan one occasion.

Tmage: The councilor of Banwal-Lam'a isa wominy
of clegant bearing and stately majesty, On the rare
occasions in which she goes out in public, Fatimah's

ul sinuous form is unmistakable, even at a dis-
tance. The elusive Lasombra has even achieved
something of a celebrity status, and "Fatimaah.wacch>
ing" has grown into a popular sport among the city's
more starry-eyed neonates.

Roleplaying Hints: Although youare somethingof
a recluse, you are one of the most high-profile antienbu
in the world —a distinction you handle with a wary
regard. Although it does make you a target to younger
clan members within the Sabat, you have become an
icon for the vampiric individualist, and you recelve
periodic correspondence from secret well-wishers the
wwoeld over who support your independent st
are proud of what you have achieved by simply
ing true to your beliefs, and dignit
from you like twin suns.

Secrets: Very
Elysium or in
edge, and she isextremely adept at disseminating the
data thar she acquires. She knows of her childe's long-
term plans for Sabbat conquest, and she watches hien
incerestedly from her own shadows. Deep down, she
knows that Munther could never truly fuirm her, und
she dreams of the night when all Lasombra of King
Shari' line will unite to form a single, powerful family
Clan: Lasomibra ansierbu

Sire: Sharif al-Lam‘a

the goes on in either the halls of

al-Lam'a without Fatimah's know!


Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Traditionalise

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 970

Appatent Age: early 30s

Physical: Serength 3, Dextesity 4, St

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4

‘erception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 5. Dodge 4,
pathy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 5,
reetwise 1, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Briquette 4, Melee 3, Perfor

mance 4, Stealth 3, Sucvival 5

Knowledges: Academics (Shi'a theology) 4, Area

Knowledge 5, Bureaucracy 4, Camarilla Lore 3, Clan

Knowledge (Assamite) 3, Finance 4, Investigation 4,

Law3, Linguistics 4, Qceule 5, Politics 5, Sabbat Lore 4

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 3, Celerity 1,

nace 4, Fortitude 5, Obfuscate 3, Obten

Potence 5, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Cantacts4, Clan Pres

Resources 5, Retainers 1, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Se

m 6,
3, Influence 4,

Control 5, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 6
Willpower: 7

BiswopMuntHer aL-Aswan,

Background: Munther al-Aswad was Embraced as
gift to his grandsire, King Sharif, fallowing the death
of Sultan Antonius. Sharif had long since granted his

paramour the right to create progeny of her own, and
arse. Fatimah courted her would-be childe in a tradi

tional Lasombra style, flitting about the shadowy
perimeter of his life for several years befor
Munther about the Embruce

‘What Fatima had nor counted on, however, was
the bona fide passion she would
struck Egyptian, What had heen merely a routinely
involved prelude to the Lasombra Embrace became a
life-altering experience for the mortal Munther. And
when Fatimah finally deigned to tell him the whole
ruth, Munther grew furious. It had been insulting
‘enough for Fatimah to lead itm as on she had, but when
shetumedaroundand gave Muntheras a giftto her own
tire — and lover — King Sharif, it was mote than
Munther could bear. His boundless love for Fatimah
became equaled only by his seething hatred for her
paramour, and Munther soon began to devise a

approaching

use in the love

by which he could finally claim his sire as his own,

When the Anarch Revolt crept into Africa from
Europe, Munther seized his chance. He rallied a puck of
disillusioned neonates, and, together with the assistance
ofaMameluke Assamitenamed Tel'aat, the
King Shani at his manor in the old walled city. The deed
—the only other survivar af the assault on
madlchiswaybackto Alam, and Munther

retired to his tribal domain in, Al-Qahi
Since then, Munther has done much to support the
‘cause of the Sabbarin Egypr, butnever so much that his
‘own interests are put at risk, Murther believes that,
how the individual vampire conducts his affairs is the
singh regardless of
sectarian propaganda. And although many within the
sect have halked at how little ground the Bishop of

overwhelmed

st critical aspect of a Lascrab

ained in so much time, the Lasombra seem
totake the wider, more lon more Lasombra
view of his operations in the city, and they have openly
pported him on numerous accasions. In addition,
Munther knows thar if ee were to furth

er disgrace the
ndary grandsire, King Sharif, he
might lose any and all re upport he may have
from influential Lasombra within the Ashirra, includ:
ing the mullah himself, Suleiman ibn Abdullah,
Munther's political philosochy — indeed, the only
practical approach fo abbat in Cairo — is to give
his enemies enough rope with which to hung them-
selves. Midnight mids and the like might work for
Western Cainites, but not for the Sabbat of the Middle
East, and rarely to any gn Such vulgar mea
sures typically result in nominal victories for the sect
(which are usually ow. det), and the
bishop has been using the current trend of Sabbat

turned in shor

(Guyas Fur: Deo Awowc a Dea: Ta Dae oF Caso

107


vlctory-ctum Loss in the Unites States as' lesson in what
not to do, thereby legitimizing his own conservative
stance, All Lasombra recognize the value of patient
planninig — especially in Cairo, where the only true
legacies of triumph are the ones that last

Image: No marter how much he tries to put those
around him at eas, the bishop's demeanor remains sober,
even chilling. A nimbus of blackness seems to envelop
Jhin as he walks and his voice is low, grating as though
caught on something ia bis dros. Although his dark
brown eyes are soft und ingratiating (through years of
practice), there ean be no doube that not even the merest
fine of warmth exists in them.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the consummate host.
You see yourself asthe Lasombea inheritor (not assassin)
int Cairo, and you take your duties to your Khitta and your
sect very seriously, The furtherance of Sabbat goals in
Egypt requires both patience and guile, and the though of
trash neonates sweeping in to thoughtlessly ruin all that
you carefully laid down makes you seethe. As such, yout
havea reputation for meting out punishments sometimes
thought to be excessive upon younger sect members.

Secrets: The bishop isthe only remaining member of
Tellant's original Spack," and he guards this secret wel. It
ts an intense bargaining chip when dealing the
Assamites, and hie knows tharshould Tel'aa rise to power
over Banu Yathkur, the ulimte rise ofthe Sabbar in
Cairo cannot be far behind,
Clan: Lasombra
Sire: Fatima al-L
Nature: Curmudgeon
Demeanor: Disvctor
Generation: 8h.
Embrace: 1436
Apparent Age: mid 30s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Menuall: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 4, Leadership 4,
Streetwise 3, Subcerfuge 5
Skills: Drive |, Crafts 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee
3, Perforinauce 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics3, AreaKnowledge4, Bureau
racy 3, Camarilla Lore 2, Investigation 4, Law 4,
Linguistics 3, Occule 4, Politics 4, Sabbat Lore 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominare 4, Fortitude 2, Obfus-
sate 2, Obtenebration 4, Potence 4, Presence 4, Quietus 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Influence 4, Re
sources 4, Retainers 3, Rituals 2, Sabbat Starus 3
Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

‘CuowNor

Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 6
Willpower: 8
Cunistouar tHe Prrvarecr,

Background: A young Valencian seafarer in life
(Christobal was an outsider when he arrived in Egypt in
1823, looking to earn fortunes and glories for himself
andhiscrew. Christobal wasquickly noticed for his skill
with a rapier, his charming secent und the fearless way
in which he and his men dealt with their new curround-
ings. These characteristics htaught him to theattention
‘ofthe Sabbat bishop, Munther al-Aswad, who had long
desired a childe from among those uutside the city —
particularly one who demonstrated both reckless aban:
dan and a complete luck of respect for tradition, After
a brief "courting" period, the bishop Embraced
Christobal, allowing him to then Embrace those of his
men whom he deemed worthy, thuscieating «ick thi
‘could act as his tools against the bishap's enemies

Unfortunately, the bishop underestimated
Christobal. He failed to notice that the Valencian had
not availed himself of the city's women. He failed to
notice thatevery man Christobal slew died asa result of
ir fight. He failed to notice that Christobal corrected
anyone who referred to him as a pirate and not a
privateer, The Lasombra never even considered that
CChristobsl could be a man with dreams — dreams that
would not fully die even after breath left his body. The
bishop sinw only someone with contacts among the river
folk, someone with resources that could connect hin to
Europe: an outsider who could not possibly have any
real sense of honor of tradition,

Christobal, however, did have honor, as well as
dreams of his own. He had named his ship, the Joan
Grace, for a woman whom he hixd loved
the Lady Joans, whom he had worshipped from afar in
Valencia. Christobal hoped that his life as a privateer
would somehow make it possible for him 10 win her
love,ifnother hand. Nowhe wasacrearureof the night,

and the Lady Joana, the angel of his inspiration, was
forever lost to him.

He had led his crew to an untimely doom, yet he
refused to yield to despair. He decided instead! to em
brace duty and serve the bishop as well as he could, His
pack (the Reconquista) and his crew served him with is
fierce a loyalty in death as eyer they had in life. He
determined to learn all that he could about his new
homeland and his new family, while continuing to
maintain the dashing and reckless outward appearance
that had kepe others misjudging him in life.
Christobal soon learned of the bishop's pas, lie
cluding the destruction of King Sharif during the violent


Anateh Revolt, Healso learned Fatima, the Bishop's
and his own grandsire. Although she was scen as
cowitribu, Christobal determined ta meet his grandsire
anal learn mare of her. When they met, she impressed
e privateer with her kindness and beneficence, and
they shared stories of the loves that they each had won
and lost. A bend was forged between them thar was
stronger than Christobal's loyalty to the bishop,
Christobal confconred his'sire with the things that
he had learned from Fatimah, meluding the murder of
King Sharif and the ancient traditions of the city, He
pleaded forunderstanding ubout what had happened, so
that he could better serve the Sabbat as at and
honorable warrior. It was then that the bishop finally
noticed the true man who stood before him, He did his
i childe but, although he

hest to educate his wayw:
could tell that Christohal's loyalty te the Sabbat was

strong, he knew that his childe's sympathies belonged
to Fatimah. Still, Christobal und his pack bad proved
themselves time and again against the enemies of the
sect, and the bishop desperately needs allies atthistime

For his part, Christobal is tom, In some ways, he
sees Facimah as a trator to the Sabbat. Through the
Sabbat, Christobal has found the nobility und purpose
that he so fervently sought asa privateer. Yet, the night
that she spoke to him of Sharif and of true duty still
lingers in his thoughts, and the very idea of a grandson
slayinghisgrandfatherrailsagansteverythinghe knows
ofhonor. He does nat know what todo or whi
turn, so he maintains flagging loyalty to the bishop, but
‘old his sire that he cannot bring himself
to act against Fatimah in any way.

has privately

Grr Fou: Duo Avene

Christobal has since taken measures to protect
himself and his pack, The latest incarnation of the
Joana's Grace is an extremely moder vessel, equipped
with heavy weaponry, chick hulls, powerfulenginesand
special modifications made to accommodace the needs
of Cainites. Light does not penetrate to any lower
levels, and emergency blood supplies are kept on boar
as well as an arsenal that would be the envy of 1

soldiers of for

ine. He still has the nameplate from his
first ship, as well as pieces of her prow, but the rest is all
state-of-the-art. When Christobal is sboand, he seems
(© gain strength from the memories of his distant past
and of a beautiful woman from Valencia whom he once
loved so dearly.

Image: Christobal sill cuts an unmistakably dash
ing character, even though the nights of frills and
colored pantaloons have long since come and gone
These nights, he dresses more for comfort and dase of
movement than anything else, as he is fond of carrying
‘numerous weapons of various calibers and purposes. Just
asin life, his elegant g he simmering
rage of cnvious men more of they de the

longing stares of interested

Roleplaying Hints: Neyer flinch and never falter
The undead are predatorsof the worstsort who will look
for any sign of weakness to exploit —t
must show them none. Yo

refore, you

are proud of your Lasombra

heritage, as it has proven that there is indeed nobility t0

befoundbeyond the grave. Actwith honot iall things,

even among those who possess none themselves.
Secrets: Christobal knows that the Sabbat is a

breadth away from falling apart in Cairo, All i

the other Sabbat, and the entire city could come

crashing down upon them. Unfortunately, Christobal

understands that the people whom thiswould hurtn

of allare those of his own clan, and he fights with

step to prevent this,

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Munther al-As

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: th

Embraces |

Apparent Age: carly 20

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,

Empathy 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4,

Subterfuge 3

very

ie Dia Tet Dana cr Cao
109


Animal Ke
4, Melee 5, Performance
alth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Academics 2, Area Knowledge 4, Inves-

tigation 4, Law 3, Linguisties 3, Medieine 2, Occult 3,
Politics 1

-s: Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Forti

bration 3, Pacence 2, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Herd 2, Influence
1, Resources 3

Virtues: Conviction 5, Instincts 3, Courage 3
Morality: Path of Honorable Accord 7
Willpower: 6

3, Crafts (nautical) 5, Beiquette 2,
Pilot (ship) 4,

James" Jim" Spexser,

Background: Jim Spenser is the pseudonym of
Abin James Khatib, an Arab-American born in Mas-
sichusetts after the second World War. After his
Embrace into the Sabbat, he was given the ignoble task
‘of working as lason berween the Sword of C
the Giovanni of Beston. Through careful manipula
tion, the Giovanni slowly honor-hound Jim to their
dl they have been using him as a foil against

service
their opposition ever since,

Although Jim will not be the one te spesk on such
matters, careful investigations into Boston might well
reveal the truth and perhaps allow ochers to bring hitn
into their service as well, The Giovannt have given Jim
the task of scouting Cairo so that they might finally
return to Egypt. The last Giovanni family in Cairo, the
ie close of the 19th
century, and all previous attempts by clan members to
cescablish o etronghold

Jame »find aut whowr what destroyed the

ihiherti and chen, ifpossible, remerve the threat for the
Giovanni, thusfulfllinghisdirey obligation tothe clan.
To this end, he 1s quite willing to work with newly
Embraced Kindred or vampiric outsiders (0 the city,
whether as savior oF as master: He guards his back
ground behind a veil of youthful wgno ut the few
who have insulted his honor or threatened him have
met with grisly fates, He is a master of the art of slaying
both the livingand theundead, and hebias done hisbest
to make each kill disturbingly unique in some way. In
addition to his considerable martial power, us the unof-
ficlal Giovanni representative in Cairo, Jim can draw
on the consider n should the need

he peared around

the city failed iniser

le assets of the c

After hearing of the prince's decree regarding the
Giovanni, Jim in ged a brief meeting with him,
wherein they discussed the city's history and possible

fotures. Jim emerged from che mecting room with the

firm belief that he may he able to solve the Giovanni
problem in Cairo without resorting to the use of his
well-honed skills.

For the time being, Jim is the guest of the Subbat
bishop in Banual-Lam'a, although he has already made
regulacforaysintoseveral other districts during hisshort
time in the city. He is particularly curious as to the
Assamites of Banu Yashkur, and he has taken a keen
interest in the politics of his erstwhile clanmates since
the breaking of the Tremere curse.

Image: Jim carries off the appearance of 4
vampice with an ease that disarms adversary and ally

weican clothed in sober,
contemporary styles, Jim endeavors to strike a balance
between the Western influences that pervade Cairo
and the traditional dress typical of the eldest among his
clan. While his overall bearing suggests a most intense
proficiency, his face typically suggests nothing at all —
aadisquieting skill that he mastered well before becom-
ing one of the undead.

Roleplaying Hints: You are severe when it eomes
to interacting with the other Cainites of Caio, Al-
though you have begun to make the mast of your time
here, you did not enjoy being sent here inthe fier place
‘You huve come to resent a great many things about the

, such as the fact that the Sabbat are the only ones
who will give you the time of night, as well asthe face
thar this should even bother you. Should someone treat
you with respect, however (especially when they would
otherwise have no outward reason to), then yous
cordial and well mannered to the point of being e

‘Gao Now


sive, During these times, it is nearly impossible to see
the inhuman assassin lying just beneath the surface.

‘Secrets: Jim suspects thar whatever eliminated the
Giovanni did so asa direct result of their Necromantic
practices. He knowsa surprising amount about the elder
vampires of Cairo, and he recently survived an acciden
tal encounter with a mummy while reconnoitering the
Southern Cemetery, Jim currently hopes to find some
pawns of his own to further investigate both the Cities
bf the Dead and Catro's various sites of powerful faith,
intending to report whatever fate befalls them to his
allies in the Giovanni, Although Jim is proud neither of
what he has done nor whathe is currently forced todo,
his word is his honor and his honor his existence
Without it, he is nothing.
Clans Assumite antiobye
Sire: Fairweather Mehtnet
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Fanaric
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1962
Apparent Age: late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisina 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Menaal: Perception 3, Incelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Expreston 2, Intimidation 4, Strvetwise 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Demolitions 3, Drive 3, Btiquette 2, Firearms 3,
Melee 2, Performance 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 1, Investigation 4, Law 3,
Linguistics 2, Occult 3

Selerity 1, Dominate 1, Obfuscate 2, Qui-

Backgrounds: Allies (Giovanni) 3, Contacts (Black
Hand) 1, Resources 2, Sabbat Status 2
mscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
lity: Humanity 4
Willpower: 6

BANu AHL AR-RAYA

At-Munraotn, THe AVENGER

Background: Wher: Anu iba al"Ay seu
best strategists to the fortress of Babylon w negotiate
the terms of its surrender, he had no idea thar his
emissaries would come to make it their home for the
next millennium-and-a-half. Al-Muntaqim, the older
of the two, was a bactle-hardened veteran well before
the Arab conquest of Egypt. One of the very first
converts to Islam, he distinguished himself fighting

alongside the Prophetagainst thenonbelicvers in Meces,
ally taken pare in the hefira
Medina,
When the undead Patron of Babylon met the two
orsoutside the walls of the fortress, he did far more
rm into his confidence —he took them out
|. While the two could clearly see the rest uf
my in the distance, the encampment itself lay
sill. All che soldiers stood motionless, come froaen id
step. Not even theit campfires flickered
Agonistes calmed their nerves with soothing tones,
ngaged them in discourse pertaining to their
id their cause, After what seemed like
hours, he nodded as though satisfied and rose, quietly
proclaiming that they were to be the heitsof his mission
ypt. He explained to them of his duty to the
inhabitants of Babylon, and, after teaching them much
of the world that they were ahout to inherit, he Em-
braced them both, The future of Babylon was now in
their hands
Afrer this monumental passing of the torch, the
‘wo brood brothers settled into cold unbife. They estab
lished Banu Ablar-Raya around the fortress of Babylon
and attempted to assist cne another in their progress
along the spiritual path that they had inherited from
Agonistes, Although Al-Muntagim tried to remain
true toall his sire's teachings, his cynicism often got the
better of him, and he struggled to maintain his shaky
place along the path. The plague-like spread ofthe false
Brujah particularly enraged him, and he longed to bring
them all to justice
When word arrived of Agonistes' destruction
Presumahly ar the hands of the whore Troile — Al

e

Gime Fou: Dap Avencne Deo Tie Danan ot Caro


Muntagim flew into a rage. Heentered his first frenzy in
centuries, slaking his fury's thirst or a visiting caravan-
sary tunby usurping Rabble. Accordingto the accounts,
the Avengerrore through thesprawl of tents, slaughter-
ing the Cainite merchant's mortal servitors ruthlessly.
Upon reaching the vampire himself, the Avenger set
fire to the surrounding caravan, trapping the terrified
merchant inside with him. Moments kiter, he burst
through the fiery wreckage of the tene with the Brujah's
hhead dangling from his hand. When the fires cooled at

the Avenger had abandoned his ancestral home:
His only message indicated that he was traveling east,
out of Africa as his sire had done, presumably to bring
Agonistes' true executioner to justice.

Unknown to these he left behind in Cairo, Al-
Muncagim'stimein
pilgrimage ast wasaquest for justice. During his travels
there, he met and learned from many of the
Kindred ofthe Eas, including one whoclaimed wohave
known his sire. Thisman, known simply as*Ona-Zhir,"
seemed to know a great deal about a great many things,

ws the sickness in the Avenger's unbeating heart.

‘Thestringer counseled Al-Muntagim on the various
paths through which his aims might be fulfilled, and they

alleyanwithadrastic change from within. Ifthe Avenger
‘ever expected to achieve his goals, he must eas aside the
twachinyp of his pacifist site and forever steel his heart to
the tisks of nexessity, Al-Muntagiim agreed, and he set
himself down the path that his new inseructor laid before
him. When the teacher saw a pupil finally ready to
enbmce his destiny, he gave Al-Muntagima parting gift

4 mighty spell to assist the Avenger in his quest for
vengeance. This gift, Ona-7hir promised, would allow the

rnger to draw upan the desultory power of clanless
vampires, briefly giving him the strength that he would
need to make on Trot... and win.

Upon his retum to Cairo, the Avenger confided in
the one Cainite whom he knew would assise hiny in his
cllorts — the prince himself. Together, they established a

uiven' for the clantess on the Nile isan of Gezira
In reality, the entire residential distnct of Zamalek now
‘comprises the border of Ona-Zhur's ritual. On the night of
Gehenna, when the Antediluvians return t0 take their
reckoning, all Caitiff inside the area at the time will
imstantly be subjected to the spell's effects, giving the
power of their souls to the Avenger and le: their
tnadies and blood to the hunger of the Thirteen,

Image: ‘The Avenger is a man of stern aspect and
gloomy stride. His considerable prowess as a warrior is
evident in every facet of his appearance, and only the

ally stupid would commiteven
his person. Strangely, those

who afford him genuine respect (beyond their initial
fear) ate often rewarded with equally genuine esteem.
Roleplaying Hints: Hell is not a physical realm of
fire and pain, nor is it a madness of our own imaginings,
You have seen the cruth, thar hell is centuries. upon
‘centuries of undead rage. frustration and impotence —of
temally powerless power — and you curse God for
delivering it upon His most obedient servant. Now that
you have 2 means by which all the failures of your long
existence might be vindicated, you will mect che Final
Death screaming before you see yourself yet again denied,
Secrets: The Avenger's greatest secret pertains to
himself and his collusion with the prince. If the city at
large were to discover their brutal plan, they both would
have much to answer for.
Clan: True Brujah
Sire:
Nature: Fanaric
Demeanot: Traditionalist
Generation: 64h
Embrace: 640
Apparent Age: early 405
Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Beawl 6, Dodge 5,
Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Animai Ken 2, Crafts 3, Eriquette 4, Melee 7,
Performance 4, Secunty 2, Stealth 4, Survival 5
Knowledges: Academics 4, Area Knowledge (Caito &
Far East) 5, Investigation 3, Law 4, Linguistics 4, Medi-
ine 1, Occult 5, Politics 3
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Dominate 3
Fortitude 6, Obfuscate 3, Potence 7, Presence 4, Pro-
tean 3, Serpentis 2, Temporis §
Backgrounds: Arcane 4, Contuets 3, Clan Prestige 4,
Resources 4, Retainers (ghils) 2, Status 3
Virtues: Conviction 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Morality: Path of the Scorched Heart 8
Willpower: 9
At-Munzariin, Gon's Wriness
Background: For Amuc's other cinissaty 1 the for:
tress of Babylon, the Embrace was curse of u different
kind. Asa young boy growing up in tribal Arabia, the
man who would come tobe knownasAl-Muntathit had
teenarare child indeed. He showed marvetousaptitude
for scholarship at an early age, and he had learned to
read and write by his third birthday. His
always been unusually powerful, bur he ve

Grom Nor


upon his Embrace with an extraordinary gift frow
Allah. From that moment on, Al-Muntathit would
remember everything he ever experienced, and he
could replay events in his mindas though they had heen
recorded on film

This blessing allowed Al-Muntathir to fully take in

all that his sire taught him of the sect he had helped to
the Tal'mahe'Ra—before departing
had also ingrai

the circumstances of
id spoken, and this fact would

of Al-Muntathir,

create airoin
640. Unfortunately, the "gift

s terrible responsibility, Throw
his Embrace, Allah
forever after define the worl
God's witness,

Al-Muntathie took his dual role very seriously at
first, doing his best to stay true to the teachings and
spiritual ideals of both Agonistes and Muhammad, the
two men who had shaped the course of his existence.
Things progressed smoothly in Banu Abi ar-Raya until
wont arrived that Agonistes had been butchered some-
where in the Far East, presumably by the usurperTroile,
wwho had instigated a private pogrom upon all those of
the true blood: Upon hearing the news, Al-Muneagim
quierly took his own leave of Cairo, not to retum for
another five centuries

With the departure of his brood brother after so
long, AL-Muntathir found himself at « loss suddenly
desperate for guidance. With Al-Muntagim gn
wanted simply to withdraw, but elan, sect and khitea
affairs needed tending to, and there would be nothing
left of Ban: AbL ar-Raya if Al-Muntathir did as his
brother had done. So he sought out the first
undying.chiluer, the famed Cairo histo
that he may pass the reins to anotl

preparation fora long-deserved sleep. But when he tried
to layhimself ro rest, Al-Muntathir found thar he could
not. Allah had refused to allow him to shirk his duties,
and thus his curse, by entering torpor voluntarily
The prospect of additional centuries of existence
began to drive Al-Muntathir mad, and the only respite
he received came in the form of his allies in the
Tal'mahe'Ra. Through them, Al-Muntathir could te
main anchored to the outside world aswell as connected
to fellow archaisms like himself. Althoueh his duties in
Cairo prevented him from joining his comrades in their
Underworld stronghold of Enoch, be continued
correspond with them regularly. Indeed, Al-Muntath
was the very eyes and ears of the enigmatic sect in Fey
for several centuries
Since the fall of the Tal'mahe'Ra, however, Al-
Muntathir has been sequestered in his modest dwelling
at the southern tip of Old Cairo, He has surrounded
himself with antiquated relics of glory nights gone by
and his residence has become a veritable museum
the Islamic Age. Aside from the occasional convert
tion with his persistent childe, Ibn Khaldun, the only
companionship Al-Muntathir requires (or will even
tolerate) is that of his perennial ghil, M
extremely rare albino Timbavati (African wi
whom he rescued from poachers in the late L
yce thar time, Moumtaz has grown to nearly 12
feet in length and well over 700 pounds. The lict is
extremely intelligent, and
overtime to carrying out his domitor'severy command,
it is remotely within his capabilities to do sc
Image:
for an Arab. The passing of centuries
undead has only exacethated this pallid co
and he now appears washed out and sickly i
other than the softest of lighting. The Elois' eyes, the
il windows to his soul, have lightene:
and they currently a
ture of dark brown and comflower blue. When seen, he
modest tribal attire of his breathing days, and
oceasions in which he speaks, he does so in
a muttering staccato of formalized, clussical Arabic
Roleplaying Hints: For you, the price of
wassimply toohigh. You have seen far too much in your
time, retaining every unbearable moment with perfect
clacity, and your soul is heavy with the weight. You fear
that God has finally forsaken you, His etecnal and
faithful witness, and your repetitious prayers now whis:
per only of your ultimate desire for conclusion
Secrets: The return of Al-Muntathit's brood
brother fills him with sensations long forgotten ta him,
Although he is genuinely glad to see that his long-lost

ime
‘bite hon)
h cen

has become accustomed

|-Muntathirwasrather pale tobegin with,
of the
tenance,

wearst
on the ras

(Gar Fou: Dsan Aone Dee Te Daan cv Cao,

18


blood-sihling did not perish in Enoch as he had once
s more to it: Healso suspects (and prays)
cr will provide him with the culmina-
rely needs, and the prospect fills hie
cipation. All that he needs to do now
is that which he h wait
True Brujah
Sire: Agonistes
Nature: Survivor

Generation: 6th

always done best.

Embrace: 640
Apparent Age: early 40s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity
harisna 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 5

thletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,

ramina 5
Social

ts: Alertness 5,
Empathy 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Performance 4,
Stealth 3, Survival 5
Knowledge nowl-
ation 3, Law 2, Linguistics,
Medicine 3, Qceult 4, Politics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 5, Dominate 2,
Fortitude 5, Obfuseate 4, Presence 4, Potence 2, Pro-

Backgrounds: Ar

Resources 3,

Temporis 7

5, Contacts 3, Elder Status 5,
ners (Moumraz) 1

Virtuess Conviction 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 2
Morality: Path of Self-ocws 4
Willpower: 4

Iny Kat pun, SCHOLAR AND STATESMAN
Background: The life of bn Khaldun was lor nd
distinguished, perhaps more so than the life of many
Who are ultimately chosen for the Embrace. He was
bor in Tunis ro a family thar had served in high
administrative posit ghout North Africa for
years, Ibn Khaldun held
atlous ce retiring to Algeria to
pen the Mugaddimah, an outline of his philosophy on
story and the rise und fall of political dynasties.

Ibn Khaldun moved hack to Cairo after the publi.
cation of his book to live our the rest of his days in the
ous eity of Islam, whe

many generatic

he became a tre:
pher and diplomat. He was

negotiate terms with Tamerlane

ols stormed into Syria at the end of the

[4th century. Indeed, Ibn Khaldun became the greatest

social scientist since Aristotle, and the world would see
no equal until the birth of Niccolo Machiavelli
It-was Ibn Khaldun who first establis
itself as a hard science, and he has subses)
widely credited with being the father of socialogy, His
work adopted a comprehensive approach to history i
both functionalism and conflict perspective
lined in his greacest work, the Kitab al-fbar, a defini
history of Muslim North Africa. Toward the end
life, Iba Khaldun concentrated hie eff
tenance of the fundamental civil structure of Islam, and
he was the Grand Maliki Qadi of Cairo many times, For
bone to receive a written faiwa from Qadt thn Khaldun
on an issuc was considered a great h and ¢
men's fortunes were often made or bro
‘opinion the brilliant judge expressed therein,
Although Ibn Khaldun "died" an elderly man in
1406, and waseven given a grand funeral by the Cairenes
who adored him, he was secretly Embraced into Banu
Ahl ar-Raya by one of the very Arab warriors a
whom he had written s0 judiciously. Al-Muntathit had
approached his would-be childe much as he himeelfhad
been approached by Agonistes, offering the elderly
Islamic scholar the chance ar deathlessness — the

ed history
ently been

whatever

opportunity to watch first-hand as societies moved
forward through time, while always serving the greater
good of humanity asa whole, Aware of the opportunity
that he w w given, Ibn Khaldun graciously ace
cepted, and there by the grace of God went he

Although Ibn Khaldun initially believed that he
was being brought into the fold to continue the goo!
work while his sire sank into corpo


realize that his own Embrace was a cry for help. The
deparcure of the Avenger was hard on hissie,and much
of what Ibn Khaldun did in the early years after his
Embrace was damage control for his sire' fragile mind
Indeed, ALMu continued effectiveness as an
agent for the Tal'mahe'Ra was due in large part to the
ministrationsof hisdevoted childe. Ton Khaldun recog-
nises that during his Embrace his sire put more than his
blond into him; He also placed in Ibn Khaldun what
litte remained of his hove.

Since the destruction of Enoch, however, Ibn
Khaldun has become both uneasy and unsure. His sire
has withdrawn more than ever before, even refusing
correspondence from the remaining members of the
Tal'mahe'Ra. The downfall of their parent sect may
well prove the downfall of his sire as well, and Ibn
Khaldun is beginning to realize that it is time itself
(ironically) that he truly races against in onder 10
prevent this from occurring

Aside from being literal experton the City Trium-
phant, thn Khaklun knows much about the shadow
history of the Kindred, particulariy a i pertains to the
rise and fall ofthe Talaahe'Ra. In an attempe ro make
seme useof the kriowledge he has leaned in thisregard,
Tha Khaldun has recently completed yet another work
of philosophieal history —a vampiric successor to the
Kitab al-Ihar, centered around his beloved city of Cairo.
Ics his hope that young Egypeian Cuinites can rise

etty differences in the caming nights by

ing themselves about the history of their shared

homeland. Ibn Khaldun fervently believes, as he always

hs, thar reason and community may forever outshine

ignoranceanddieimiry,aslongosthey are goaletobeset
and deliberately ach

Image: Time has had an extremely unusual effect
on Ibn Khaldun, Although he was Embraced as an old
rman, he appears o have been getting younger over the
last six centuries. To those who knew him when, Ibn
Khaldun easily cuts the figure ofa man 20 yearshisown,
junior, and he appears to have more energy than many
neonates and almost every other Cairene elder.

Roleplaying Hints: You were a wise father to the
citizens of Cairo well before you ever knew that the
undead were anything more than a bedtime story in-
tended ro frighten unruly children. Asa councilor, you
are accustomed to a certain degree of respect — even
fiom neonates —and you take great pride in represent-
ing the oldest of Cairo's tribal domains, The only
Cainites to whom you are indifferent are the rabble-
rousing pretenders that passthrough your city from time
totime, Although you are not as extreme as some True
Brujah in this regurd, you bear no love for the ignorant

‘Gum Feu: Deso Awonc

get of Troile, and you typically

wisit Cairo to keep moving on.
Secrets: Ibn Khaldun isno fool. He fully believes in

Tearing from the past, and he is now attempcing

trace the activities of hisrecently returned "uncle," Al-

Muntagim. He found the Avenger's timing a bit

coincidental under the circumstances, and, as every

member of his bloodline knows all too well, thereate no

coincidences among the undead.

Clans Truc Bevjeh

Sire: Al-Muntathir

Nature: Mediator

Demeanor: Jusige

Generation: 7h

Embrace: 1406

Apparent Aget late 50s

ncoursge" uny who

"erception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
lertness 5, Athletics 2. Dodue

Expression 4, Leadership 4, Intimidation 5,

4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Melee |

Performance 2, Security ral 5

Knowledges: Academics (sociology) 5, Area Know!

cexlce5, Bureaucracy 4, nvestigation 5, Law6, Linguistics

3, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Polities 5

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 4, Por

tence 5, Presence 6, Temporis 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Clan Prestige 1, Contacts 4,

Influence 3, Resources 4, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Morality: Humanity 8

Willpower: 6

Subterfuge

Petra, Matron or Apu SEROA

Background: A Cairo native, Petra was born dur-
ing the twilight of Turkish rule atthe close ofthe 18th
century. After Napoleon arrived in Egypt, a vicious
backlash against the Christians ensued. The French
were making a mockery of Islamic culture and religion,
and the frustrated citizenry lashed out in response
Petra, a Coptic Christian living is OL! Cainoy wi
stoned and left for dead one night by a religious mob
outside the walls of the old fortress of Babylon, But as
she lay dying, Shagaret al-Durr Embraced her, and in 90
doing, indebted Petra to her forall eternity

Initially, Shagaret attempredcousehernearly marred
childeagainscthose whoopposed thecauseofthe Alnilam,
the poster gitl for the suffrage movement, as it were

me Duo Tie Dusan of Cao
US


Whenever Petrafalteres,heesire would remind her of that
night when she was spared a gruesome death at the hands
of Muslims who would murder her simply for hee religious
beliefs. Such manipulations worked for a rime, and Petra
became the leading voice in the fight to end Christian
disenfranchisement in Cairo

That all ended when Petra met Shahid. As one of
the Hajj, Shahid had been a prominent figuee on the
othersideof the conflict.and it wasin thiscapacity
the two first began their relationship. Remarkably,
Petra soon found Shahid to be neither parochial nor
closed-minded in his personal belief, listening atten
tively to every word she had to say. The two found that
began meeting regularly to discuss their plan to repe
the jinguod rift chat was undeniably crippling the Hay}
Beyond that, however, both of them knew in their
hearts thar they were failing in love.

Forher part, Petra is tom between her loyalty to her
re and her love for Shahid. She beliew
cause, but she questions both

in Shagaret's
her sire's methods and
motives. In addition, she senses in het sie a deep and
profound despair that will, on

Ang, Petr

night, prove her undo:
wishes thut she could connect with her sire
spiritually, and she is saddened by the fact that religion
is merely a political platform to the Tree of Pe:
N heless, she continues to pray for all Nosferaru, in
the hope char they will come together as she and her
truc love have

Recently, Petra has focused her atrenti ‘on the
init itl whi
church late

young C n she discovered outside her

ne night. The neonate seemed not only

lost and somewhat shaken up, but mitaculowsly preg

nant as well! In addition, she didn't seem the s
bit affected by Petra's considerable faith (only Shahid
can claim the same power when he

» close enough), Petra sees this series of events asa
sign from God, and she has pledged herself to the
protection of the extraordinary young girl and het
unborn child. For now, both remain sequestered within
Abu Serga, patiently awaiting the time when the gil
‘must finally give birth
her Embrace, Petras lan deformity manifested itself as what
appeared to be divine stigmata. When not concealed under
‘Obfuscate, hin ivuletsofblood sem o run frcey from Petts
‘eyes and her clothes ae often drenched with the capious
evidence of her supematural nanure. Her pallid skin, where
uncovered, appearsasa topographic mapof raised blisters and
‘ainfulooking bral

Roleplaying Hints: Most of the time, you ate the
kindly and beneficent suppliant,a truechild of God and

ichful mother toall those under your care. Even so,
you are sill one of the Damned Childer of Caine, and
your patience when dealing with those of your own kind
seems to be wearing thin. You have grown extremely
territorial of "your" church and its surroundin
the arrival of the
temperament

ndeven hi

and
ld has nly aggravated this
Petra has become aware that others in
Cairo are looking for the Caitiff girl, though she is
‘unsure as to whar they could wane with her. She is
ring telling Shahid of the situation in the hopes
be able co provide
Clan: Nosferatu
Sire: Lhe Ire of Peatls
Nature: Caregiver
Martyr

Secret

Apparent Age: late 20s
Physical ength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 3, Melee 2, Stealth 2,
Sorvival 3

cs 1, Area Knowledge 3, Inves:
Medicine 4, Occult 3
ex 2, Forritude 1, Ob:


Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Influence 3, Re-
tainers 2
Humanity 9
Willpower: 8
True Faith: 3

BANUAL AS-SA IDI

IzzaT At-HHuNnzin, Tan at-BALAD
Background: Thecouncilorof the Setite-heldkhitta
iro tsa not only a ruthlessly calculating killer and
diablerist, but some call him a traitor to his own clan as
well, Nonetheless; he isone of the only Setites in the
world who yet strives to cling to his beautifully frayed
fumanitas. And this— the most heinous of his many

sinsin the eyesofhisclanmates—muay ult
his undoing

Inlife, ear wasa successful merchant whi bartered
in everything from cloth to rare spices, He grew up
surrounded by the splendor that was medieval Caito,
and he wasin love with his own homeland, Indeed, for
Iza there was no greater place in all the world, and his
became a face of some renown among those who used

ty strcets to sell their various wares, It was in this

apecity chat he first arcracred the attention of Bilaal,
the Setite entrepreneur who can several respectable
(and many other notso-respectable) business ventures
cross the city.

Unfortursately, Bilal saw only
business acumen, fever realizing the
that Izat truly loved Cairo's pulsing throngs of chil-
den, and gladly included himselfamong their number.
But he was Embraced nonetheless and shown the Epi+
curean ways of the Dream Court. And,

ely prove

wagh Izzat

Astra, THEHERATD

15th-generation Caitff, sie unknown

Apparent Ages carly 20s

Afifa lived o strange enough life before the
Eimbrace; now iris positively bizarre. Afifa's father,
the son of post-war missionary, had moved with her
tw Cairo in the early 1980s to seat a new life. Afifa
never knew her mother, and her father rarely spoke
of her, saying only that she had "moved on" shortly
after Ain was hom. Nonetheless, he did his best 10
proviee for them both under difficult circumstances,
and Afifa grew up both proud and strong.

After her father died suddenly, Afi was left to
take her own way in Cairo, With few otheroptions,
she soon fell in with the wroig crowd, eventually
becoming the property of an unknown Cairene
Kindred, One minute she wasgazingintoastranger's
eyes a a private party: the next thing she knew, she

was strapped to the back of a camel and heading
westward inadaze. She remembers falling asleep to

the sounds of the desert, and when she awoke, a
beautiful young Egyptian girl was determinedly dig-
ng her free of sand. The girl introduced herself as
Nasirah, oneof the Diseiplesof Anubis...andone of
the undead, When she realized that she, too, was a
Kindred she nearly fainted, When she realized chat
she was u pregnant vampire, she nearly died again.

Although Atifa was grateful to Nasirah and
the other Disciples, she was too overwhelmed by
her situation to react with any real prudence. She
panicked and fled the Disciples' temple in the
early hours of the morning (sunlight: doesn't
seem o hurt her as badly as it does the others),
making her way across the Nile and into the city
at Old Caico. She was soon discovered: by the
Coptic Nosferatu, Petra, who brought Afifa in-
side the church of Abu Serga, where the desperate
neonate and her unborn child could be relatively
safe from harm. Although she is sill very con
fused by her condition, Afifa has decided to see
her mysterious pregnancy to term, and she will
remain in Abu Serga until she is ready ro deliver.

The Herald appears asa beautiful young woman
of ambiguous ethnicity with long. thick hair the
color of sunlit bronze. Many would suspect that she
‘treats it with henna, a powdered shrub used by
Middle Eastern women to dye both hair and skin,
but its not: Her hair —much like her beauty —is
entirely her own, and che gall the more radiant for
it. Additionally, Afifa is infused with the natural
slow so often attributed to pregnant women, mak-
ing her vampirism all but nonexistent to the naked
eye, Although none have seen it, Afifa also bears i
crescent-shaped mark at the base of her neck thar
appeared soon after the young Kindred discovered
that she was pregnant.

(Gus Four Dean Avon nc Dew Te Dawe ot Cano

17


quickly ook tothe networking:and social manipulation
inherent in hiselan, much of the Dream Court's ritu
ism and ideology was alien to him.

Hos sire, having wimessed Irsat's voracious mortal
appetites, had assumed that his new ehilde would adapt
well to the Setite philosophy of ecstatic abasement.
Instead, something in Izzat rebelled against his sire's
teachings, The Dream Courts spiritual path, became to
realize, denied chat which was inherent in him as
Egyptian — the deep-seared sense of community, re-
sponsibilityand true belonging. Although he understood
incl accepted his newfound existence as one of the
Damned, he could not bring himself to revel in i. kat
had indeed been Damned by the Embrace, not freed, as
his sire would have had him believe.
at first tried w accept his role et
Bilaal's side, the passage of t began to wear on his
‘nationalist sensibilities. Everywhere he turned, hisown
site was using and abusing

Although

even hal a lucrative slave trade going, long
Mamelukes had officially done away with slavery in its
traditional sense. Finally, some time around the middle
of the 14th century, Izzat petitioned the Sleeping Lord
fortherightto take Bilaal's place at itsside. The Temple
Head agreed, allowing that if Izat could accomplish
this daunting task, then he deserved that which he
sought —as longas it was what Lzzat truly desired. Aft
zatexecuted both hisscheme
and his sire, hungrily devouring Bilaal's very essence

a torrent of pent-up frustration and rage

some insidiousplanning,

Jed a double unlife in the centuries that fo

lowed, In the underworld! of the Dream Coure, he was

loyal and scemingly fervent follower ofthe path, partake
ing in all the important rituals and eagerly Embracing
new childer. On the streets above, he served the inter
estsof hisbeloved country diligently, cultivating strong
relationships with other like-minded Kindred and kine.
He even assisted a Lupine known as Shukri Lightning:
on-the-Dunes during World War Il, when Rommel's
Afrika Korps was bearing down on his hel
the north.

After helping to bar the door to Egypt against the
Nazis, Izzat finally rumed his attentions to the British,
of whom he had long since tired. He called on his
Egyptian ally one last time during the events of Black
Saturday, when hecontrived eventssothat theLupine's
pack dispatched a number of troublesome Kindred who
were threatening to disarm the Free Officers' move
ment — Kindred who wished Egypt to remain firmly
under British control

sd city from

Izat then used che country's growing nationalism 10

subtly guide the Embracing practices of the Setites under
his sway, While leat himself had always endeavored to
Embrace Cairenes, many within the Dream Cour sought
toexpand clan interests by doing just che opposite, Thanks
to Liza's tecent efforts, however, nearly all of the Sevtes
Embraced in Cairo since the country gained its indepen-
dence have been native Egyptians, While many hay
noticed thistrend, few have dared question the council's

ies, With the relative weakness of his "competitor"
Kalina (up unsl recently), none have opposed his wort
Afr the Temple Head, Izat is the most powerful and
respected Setite in Cait.

Twas those of Isat' line who drove the honodless get of
Honus the Beteayer fron its windswept sands, nd it was Iza
himself who has fought for centuries to save his beloved
bomeland from invaders cf every eneed and currency

Image: lsat, uch like hissire Bilal, is enormous In
life he was well ed, partaking ofall che splendid bounties
thar daily poured into medieval Cairo, and he seems t0
have carried the considerable evidence of his apperices
into undeath. While others become lithe after their
transition to undeath, Izarseems to havesomehow grown
with age, and he is now a veritable mountain of » man.
Unlike many of his contemporaries, Ezat was Embraced
not only beardlese but bald, and this detail only furthers
the stark contrast of his ral counter

Roleplaying Hints: Your site died because he had
no honor, and you would see half your char fall likewise
if you had your way. The lost childer of have been
led astray somewhere along the line, and it saddens you
more than wands ean describe. For now, you play the
roleofcouncilorani father tothe city's younger Setites,
edlucating them to both fearand respect you. When the


time comes, their support might be all that stands in the
way between you and destruction.

Secrets: Izat's code of beliefs is his greatest and
most personal secret. Were his clanmates to discover
tha his loyalties lie to his homeland above and beyond
his Blood, they would likely remove all continuing
claims he may have to that precious vitae. For now,
wcll runs his line's affaies, maintaining close ts
both the other councilors and the city's promi

1 Naciuaiss dhe Wise
and the prince. He has recently begun to suspect
‘another's hand behind the curious methods in the
Malkavian elder's madness, while seeing a kindred
spirit (or at least useful tool) in Nazrudin's nationalist
clanmate, Assad.

Clan: Followers of
Sire: Bilal the G
Nature:
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 6th
Embeace: 1293
Apparent Age: late 40s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3

with

conservatives, Fatimah

ide

raditionalist

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Empathy 5,

Expression 2, Intimidation 4, Leadership 5, Streetwise
Skills: Crafts. 4, Etiquette
Performance 4, Security 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 4, AreaKnowledge
cracy 3, Camarilla Lore 4, History 5, Inve
Law 5, Linguistics 4, Occult 3, Politics 6, S
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 4, Forticude
cate 7, Potence 3, Presence 5, Serpentis 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, C
Influence 4, Resources 4, Retainers 3, St
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 4
Willpower: 7
Merits/Flaw:
Davin Moontiann, 30
Background: An American lawyer educated an.
:land, David Moreland was Embraced during World
War by lzzatal-Khunzir, who had grown desperate for
any influence over international (especially British)
affairs. He publicly odmired the solicitor's limitless
ambition as well as nearly limitless resources, while
secretly intending to use him as. foil against those who

Firearms 3, Melee 1,

n Prestige 3, Contacts 3

us 4

Huge Size

supported the continued presence of the British in
ity, Moreland slowly became the ever-present thi
his sire's side.

After learning of his sire's heritage, and of the
Temple Head's practice of allowing a member of its
court to commit ritual diablerie sf thar member sur
passed his site's feats with his own, Mooretand began t
look for ways to make his lasting, mark ypon Cairo
‘Toward this end, he soon came across old records that
indicated thar the Seti h
legitimately recognized domain und toni,
in the area around Al-Fustat. But when the area wa
abandoned and subsequently burned to the ground,

any just assumed that the khitta itself dissolved with
it. Mooteland, ever the diligent attomey, recognized
thedifference between theory and practice, and brought
the matter before the Consultative Council

With the facts staring him in the face, the prince

xd no choice but to acquiesce. The Serites did indeed
have a right to a recognized domain of their own in
Cairo, However, the only rerritory that they had aclaim,
to was the territory that they used to have a clal
the area around Al-Fustat, Nevertheless, a small dk
for the fant ime

ed khivor in the

did indeed one
Su

in centuries, the Setites hy
City Triumphane
Unfortunately for the Setites, the snea way still a
largely uninhabited piece of arid dirt and trash, and the
other Kindred snickered at the prince's cleverness in
beating the attorney at his own game. Determined not
to allow the prince to make a joke of his efforts,

Mooreland worked diligently to repopulate the area

a recogn|

Cums Fou: Dio Avnet Doo Tie Das of Cato

ti9


with artisans and craftsmen, slowly transforming the
worth having again.

atea into a dor

Mooreland expected his reward to be, at the very
least, seaton the Consultative Council. Afterall, ifit
weren't for him there'd he no Setite seat ta occupy.
However, when he stepped forward to make his claim,
both the prince and the other elders casually rebuked
him. All things considered, they preferred his sire to
representrhenew Setite demain, thank you very much.

Moreland was appalled, Before he arrived, the
Setites had no legitimate standing in Cairo, Before he
exerted his influence, there was no life in an area that
‘sed tobe the ancestral feeding groundsof the Followers
of Set, Yet, none of this made a difference to the
stubborn ond insular elders of Cairo, and he despised
them for it

Although he was respected for his efforts in assist
ing his fellow clanmates, he did not accrue the wealth
of influence and respect among Caito's Kindred that he

felt he so richly deserved. Fed up, he retreated to more
‘contforablesurtourndings—thefist-paced world ofthe

kine — where he continued to prosper as he ever had.

Undemeath his humbled exterior, however, the
undead attorney raged. He had been not only thwarted
but slighted as well, and he desired terrible revenge on
those responsible. In his dealings, he came across &
gtoup of Kindred calling themselves Allah Walid who
were devoted to the overthrow of the prince (yet, in
retrospect, he feels that the group may have come to
thi). He has funded their effort in the time since, and,
while he unsure as to the group's numbers or leadershi
he isa firm believer in its goal. Nothing would please
him more than to see the mighty Caitff prince brought
clown from on high,

Image: Mooreland dresses in the finest suits, ex-
pertly tailored to display the best thar hisdead body may
have tooffer. His features are round and squinting, with
beady eyes, bulbous nose and dare, curly hair. David's
sly ability toturnan English accentonandofac will has
ame tix andy ony nuinerous occasions, and he sil uses
icwhenever it is wo his advantage to do so.

Roleplaying Hints: You
quiet confidence
you enough to willingly pat themselves in your hands.
Yout law professor once told you, "Do whatever itrakes
to close the deal." And, although this applies to sales

nship more easily chan to the practice of lav, how
different are the two, really?

uidition co his seeret membership in
cult known as Allah Walid, Mooceland has gotten
wind of the existence of the Herald, and he has put

every resource at hisdisposal toward findingher, Should
he be the one to procure her for the Sleeping Lord, he
is certain that it will earn him che right to diublerize his
sire, leaving hitnself as the Temple Head's right hand,
Clan: Followers of Set

Sire: Jzsat al-Khuncir

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1941

Apparent Age: early 305

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 4, Expression 3, Leader-
chip 3, Streetwize 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 1,
Performance 4, Security 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Bureaucracy 4, Camarilla
Lore 2, Finance 4, Investigation 3, Law 4, Linguistics 2,
Occult 3, Politics 3, Sabbat Lore 2, Setite Lore 3
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Dominate 1, Ohfuscate 2,
Presence 2, Serpentis 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 4, Resources 4,
Retainers 2, Status 1

Virtuess Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

KAMINA THE SORCERESS:

Background: Alehough ic ie unknown when che
was Embraced, the Sorceress first appeared in Cairo in
542, following one of the city's first and most ternble
periods of plague. She was one of two Setite elders in
charge of the new Drearn Court, which had recently
moved into the area around Al-Fustut. Whereas her
counterpart, Bilaal, became che outward face of the
clan, it was she who was responsible for the night-t0-
night maintenance of the Dream Court itself —and the
continued care of the sleeping Eternal of Sothis at the
heart of its temple

Te was Kahina who firsediscovered that the faith of
thecity'sinhabitantsasawhole, aswell asitsfundamen-
al belief in reality, were counterpoints to the wellness
of the sleeping Eternal. During periods of the city's
history when faith was at a high point, the Plague Lord
would suffer more, his form gaining much less strength
toresist its curse while in torpor, Mortal faith in any god.
‘other than Set was doubly detrimental to the Setites of
the Dream Court. Since then, Kahina and those under

wor Nor

20


her sway have slowly bue surely eroded the faith of the
city's inhabitants by any and every means wt their
disposal, magical or otherwise.

Although she isan elder herself, Kahina was out
favor for centuries with many Setites at the Dream
Court, since she had failed to find ways cctively
combating the cripplingeffects of Hatshepsut'srite (see
Chapter Five). Although she never solved the
per se, Kahina did make some creative strides in th
by working
Thaumaturge, Th Tremere regent and her new
path are the result of these efforts. Before the rite's
destruction in 1999, Kahina used the Tres
voke her sorcery for her, thus sidestepping
Hatshepsut's

Al

etite magic thro
tiny

het

ids of
coher
and only her that the Sleeping Lord communicated its
specific thoughts and desires, and K
like a crown. When a terrible p
Fever" swept through Cairo in late
knew thar the Eternal wouk! soon stir from its si
slumber. A
the

hough she suffered politically at the ha
sat court, she die not despair, for it wa

hina wore this fact

J although it did not aw:
mal called out to Kahine in her mund, bidding
that she acquire for ira certain neonate —a red-haired,
thin-blooded, pre ate. This Caitiff gi
hus since been referred to as the Herald, was to bee
her top priority. The Lord of the Dream Court, the
Voice of Set himself, had spoken:

Since the

the Sorceress has focused the majority of
her efforts on the acquisition of the Herald, even to the
extent of sharing information with her lo

actor Lzzat al-Kh h the
combined efforts ofthe remple'stwo most powerful elder
the Sleeping Lord can naught but acqu
in due course. Although K;

ir. She believes chat ¥

suspect that something has gone wrang with its
cycle, as it has still not yet risen from torpor
Im Unknown to most, Kahina's true form

hideous beyond belief. Her own bedy, more repugnant
than thar of the most hideous Nosferatu, 1© at once
desiceared and pestilential, Thanks to her powers of
idred of Can
n maid she resembled in the

concealment, however, all othet Ki
mly the demure Egypt
time be

lercity-wide deception would

hunter, whose acute perceptions pierced the

uiries age. The mad Toreador

robe part of the

as paid fe f trafficking with the forces
f darkness.

Roleplaying Hints: You are far too old

business far too pressing, for you to concer

trivial matter

civility. You act as you a

as politesse, tact or even
and you say what you mein,
Youare more than happy to leave the social politicking
to the councilor

rets: Being the High Priestess of the Dream
Court, second only to the slumbering Temple Head,
and a true perfect he Path of Typhon, Kahirin is
deeply involved in the affairs of the city's variow
Kindred. Although Councilor leat al-Khunzi is the
political ficeof theclan in Cairo, Kahinaisthe whisperer
nth und she has often been the agent
of thei moral de m. In addition to het slow and
steady hold over the Tremere (through theit sctins
regent), she has recently cultivated an alliance with the
Truc Brujah, Al-Muntagim, and she is currently at
empting to persuade him to tend t
problem.
Clan: Followers of Set
Si
Nature: Visic
Demeanor
Genera
Embrace: Unknown
Apparent Age: late 30s
Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

the Mubhandis

Unknown
2 Rogue
on: 6th

(Gort Foe Daa Avonc ne Dov Te Disren

nt


Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Crafts 3, Etiquette 4, Melee 2,
Performance 3, Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Area Knowledge 5, Inves-
tigation 4, Law L, Linguistics 4, Medicine 1, Occult 6,
Politics 5

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 5, Dominate 4,

Forrinude 4, Necromancy 4, Ohfuseare 5, Serpentis 5,

Setite Sorcery 6

Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path 4, Ash Path 3
Sorcerous Paths: Path of the Dry Nile 5, The Snake
Inside 4, Path of Ptah (Conjuring) 3, Path of Duat 2,
The False Hare (Corruption) 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Resources 3, Re-
tatiners (thrulls) 4

Virtwest Conviction 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Puth of Typhon 7

Willpower: 7

Notes Akl sorcery is covered in the book, Blood
Sacrifice. Storytellers who don't wish to use this re-
source should remove Kahina's Path of Duat Trait:

Spm. Exvoy FROM ASWAN
Background: A recent arrival to Cairo, this Exyp-
aan Setite is representative from the Court of Steel
and Sky, the Temple of Set in. Aswan, He has comme to
heck on the statusof the Sleeping Lord, who
of hissuperiors' goals for thecity. According
le he was given, the Maiden of Plagues
have reawakened by now, under control of one
Sette sorcerers of the Court of Dust and Bone
ch has clearly not occurred yet, Shitkol has
sent to investigate and report back as to the status
ping Lor
Jose in case things haven't worked out as planned,
he has a cover story for his presence in Cairo. The
‘Aowan Court finally wishes to "make peace" with their
Cairene cousins to the north, and he isto be the agent
of those negotiations. Shirkol was chosen for not only
his fanatical devotion to his path, but for a peculiar
aptitude at resisting emotional sway of a supernatural
kind, Asmost Setites excel in his atterarena, becomes
well-armed to. with those of his own clan, should
they attempt to "show him the light."

Unfortunately for Shirkol and his superiors, all did
not go according to plan. While the spell did succeed,
imprisoning the Methuselah's essence with a specially
prepared vessel, the sorcerers themselves vanished be-
fore any further action could be taken. Shirkol knows
the truth behind his presence in Caito, but he is leyiti-

tnuttely unaware of the status of the Court of Dust and
Bone, and he would be surprised co learn of its fate

Inthe meantime, he has begun to test the political
waters, making gentle forays into the complicated realm
of Cairene Kindred interaction. He has met with afew
ofthe city's elders, as well as with the majority of those
politically active among the Setites. Although they
‘have not yet actually taken him below inco the tunnels
of the Dream Court itself, he is confident that such a
visit ts forthcoming.

Image: Shirkol is swarthy, dark-skinned Bgyprian
with extremely short, black hair. A thin moustache
rests beneath his nose, and his eyes seem to focus
forward, even during conversation, as though inten-
tionally concentrating on nothing in particular. From
the way that Shirkol walks and talks, many believe at
first char he is blind

Roleplaying Hints: You would do just about any-
thing for the greater glory of Set, and you seethe at the
thought of your idle cousins in the Dream Court being
gifted with knowledge of his whereabouts, while
hismost obedient servant, remain eternally in the dat
One way or another, these ignorant hedonists «ill
provide the answers youcame for, or you will show them
the true meaning of darknes

Secrets: Shirkol knows about the conspiracy «0
usurp control over the Sleeping Lord, and he protects
this secret with his unlife. He was sent to determine
whether or not the spell succeeded, and he fully intends
to remain in: Cairo until the Eternal awakens. For the
time being, however, he is the honored guest of David
Mooreland, who has long desired open political (and,
Yes, financial) relations with the Setites of Aswan.
Clan: Followers of Ser


Sires Farid Borundi
Nature: Judge
Demeani
Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1939

Apparent Age: carly 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4. Intelligence 3, Wire 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2,
Performance 4, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Academics 3, Area Knowledge (Cairo) 2,
Area Knowledye (Aswan) 4, Investigation 4, Law 3,
Linguistics 3, Oecult 4, Politics 3, Setite Lore 4
Disciplinen: Animalisin 1, Obfuscare 3, Presence 2,
Serr

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 3, Retainers
(blood-bound childer) 2

Virtues: Conviction 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

anattic

ntis 3

Morality: Path of Sutekh 4
Willpower: 5

BANU ZAMALEK

WAULKEEN OF ZAMALEK
Background: Waulkeen was discovered as an in-
by an agricultural surveyor who was taking
surements for the khedive on the Nile island of
Gezira. He had apparently been abandoned some days
beforesanid ne out who his pareap were
orwhy he had been taken to the island in the frst place.
Ruther chan turn him over to some il-run social ser.
vices organization, the surveyor decided to keep the
baby hoy as his own. He named the boy Waulkeen,
meaning "jack of all trades," as good omen of things to
come
When Khedive Ismail's palace on Geeira was fin-
ished, Waulkcen's father was one of many workers and
artisans invited ro take up residence on the island
Although the communtiy was small, its residents were
wel provided for,and they lived more comfortably than
cues, Waulkeen himself grew up,
on and fell in love, all in the very
would stake his vampiric claim

necoul

ost mainland Co
te
spot

ived an
und whieh h

nury later.

Waulkeen was Embraced during Florence
Nightingale's visit to Egypt in 1849, An unknown
vampire, conceivably part of the royal entourage (he
never knew), was smitten with the talented boy and
jook him violently onenightouronthe stand. Waulkeen

remembers little about the Embrace itself, as the events
afterward demand much more attention. Waulkeen
"awoke" from his Embrace night co the ion that
he was blind.

Upon learning
Waulkeen undertook an int
vampinic, He collected nut
and fiction, and had his love — who be
join Waulkeen in the Embrace sore years later
them to him. They exphned this riewfound condition
together, and the impact that Waulkeen's lack of lin.
eage would have on his existence in Cairo. His libri
is now among the finest and most co ft
Middle-Eastern Noddists, and he was the first Caini
tw translate vampiric cexts into Braille

Ac first, Waulkeen was delighted to hear that the
vampiric prince of his home was clanless like himself
Bur the more he learned, the more he came
that Mukhtar Bey's claim to domain was an omen that
portended terrible things to come. Numerous occult

erences bespoke of « terrible

int governed by a Cautiff — "woe fo the city ruled

by a bastard prince!" — when the Final Ni aved.
Passages of the Book of Nod specifically referred to the
rise of a Caitff prince as heing a sign of the end. No
matrer how much Waulkeen wanted to deny it, the
truth became evident: Cairo was both a generator andl
a magnet for the coming apocalypse, and nothing would
be left of the city when it was
Desperate to save hus city and his kind, Waulkeer
ated himself to rally supp His plan
was to make himself enous! toxave
the Caitiff from che appetites of the Antediluvians
while ensuring that he was the strongest of his kind in

f his newfound conditions,
all things

works of Cainite fact

sive study

tore

vergence on the

(Gar Fou: Du Ans ee Deo: Tt Daonan oF Caso

1B


would suddenly have pretensions to godhood.) Then,

he planned to depose Prince Mukhtur Bey. Waulkeen,

figures that as long as Cairo is the domain of a non-

Cait the city might be just as safe as any other when,
enna arrives... for whatever worth that is,

‘To assist tn this effort, Waulkeen formed a secret
society dedicated to the removal of the prince by any
cans necessary. He called this society Allah Walid —
"God wills it." He keeps his identity as the nexus and
brainchild of the cult his most precious secret, using the
remainder of its membership to accomplish his own
goals. He knows that one of the cult's members, the
Tree of Pearls, has designs on the domain, and, for lack
of a better option, he is currently planning to use her to
uundo the prince: If she succeeds, so much the better. If
nor, there are others, One way ar another, Cairo must
be sived, nl, todo that, Mukhtar Bey must be removed
from power.

Image: Waulkeen is fair-skinned teenage boy of
medium height and slight build. He stands oat from
other Cairenes, but he seems equally at home in any
crowd. His hazy ethnic background becomes irrelevant
to any observer viewing his eyes, as they are infinitely
«nore interesting. Although bis blindness was theoreti-
cally « mystical function of his Embrace, Waulkeen's
actual eyes were somehow affecced as well, and they
commonly appear asorbs of solid black suspended in the
hollows of his eye sockets,

Roleplaying Hints: Whar you must do for Cairo
sauldens you, but you see no other way. All the signs point
to the satne inevitable conclusion, and ic is this terrible
eventuality against which you struggle. No price is too

high when the alternative is willingly inviting the hunger
of the Antesiluvians to your very door.

Secrets: Waulkeen knows great many secrets,
most of which pertain to issues grander in scope than
theevents surrounding the City Triumphant. The more
‘Waulkeen learns, the more he fears the coming Final
Nights, and the holder he grows in his ultimate drive to
prevent the nightmare chat will be Gehenna, especially
for thove of his kind.

Clan: Caitiff
Sire: Unknown

Demieanoes Auchicect
Generation: Sch

Embrace: 1849

Apparent Age: mid-teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Empathy 3, Expression 3, Leadership 5, In-
timidation 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 5, Mel

mance 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 3, Arca Knowledge 4, Bureaue
cracy 3, Investigation 3, Law 3, Linguisties 3, Qecult 3,
Politics 4

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Forti
tude 2, Obfuscate 2, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Influence 3, Re:
sources 2, Retainers (Caitiff) 3, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Moralitys Humanity 7

Willpower:

1, Perfor:

ApritHE Seeker

Backgrounds Born in India in 1959, Ade's otherwise
normal life came to.an end in 1980 when he witnessed a
temble buttle between seven... things: He was crossing.
field roget home one night, and the grass, which weasone
dry, as the area was sufiering ftom a severe drought,
crackled underhis feet. Hesaw chem clearly however, a
to this night, he sill wishes thar he hadn't. He could not
consider any of them human in good conscience, but he
watched, fascinated, as several of them changed into
hhomible, misshapen demons. The others, in turn, sum-
‘moned down tire from the sky and beasts frorn the land
Hoddled behind a pile of debris, Adri realied that be was
witness toa fight between monsters, and thar he may well
furnish a meal for the survivors.

Thinking quickly, Adriset fire to the dey grass. The
human-locking things backed awayand.called darkness
down around their unfortunate foes, who did not see the
fire unl ic all but enveloped them

Adri was right about one thine — he did indeed
provide nourishment for the victors. What he had not
counted on, though, was joining them. The youngest of
the Ravnos Embraced him, and for just over a decade,
Adri slowly came to grips with the rigors of unlife and
the ongoing struggles with the Kuei-jin. Just as Adri was
beginning to feel at home with his newfound state of
existence, everything fell apart

By the yr: of wh gods might have cared,
‘Adri was away from his fellow Rayrios when the Week
of Nightmare descended upon the clan. He entered
frenzy, as did most of the others, but his frenzy. was
markedly different: Rather than a mindless, cannibalis-
tic rage, Adri found himself subject to intense
hallucinations and visions. Some af them were of the
bartle raking place only scant niles from him, as rane,
tiger and dragon battled something so inhuman that it
appeared only as a void in the young vampire's fevered
reams. Some of them, however, were ofa city infested
wich rats, and inhabited by shambling hordes of mini
less, sickened people whose forms were covered with
scotes of weeping sores.

(Caan 9 Nor

im


When the vision ended, Adrifelt an irresistible pull
toward the dark continent of Aftica. Ashe traveled, the
visions would return oceasionally, guiding him. When
avision faded, Ade always found himself miles furthe
from the last place he remembered, his thirst fully saved.
Adri has finally arrived in Cairo just recently, and has
nothada viston since. He keeps careful watch for the rat
creatures from hisdreams, however, and the sight of any
openly disfigured or diseused human makes him very
anxious indeed.
Acdri has token up residence in the northern >
Island distri of Zamalek for the time being, claiming
tobe one of the clanless, which, in an apocalyptic way,
he is. Waulkeen knows of Adni's presence, being the
cone who granted him permission to stay within Banu
amalek, but Adn suspecrs that Waulkeen isintention-
ally keeping his existence from the prince for the time
being. Even more disturbing, he has come to believe
that the Caitiff peopher is fully aware of Adni's true
lineage — not simply that he knows Adri lied about
being Caiciff, bur that he somehow knows Adri to be
ne Of the few remaining childer of Zapathasura in
Image: Adri was u nondescript Indian man in life,
and the Embrace seems to have only lightly brushed
his brooding

fatigued of late, he is the very picture of composure. He
{s often seen wearing the same khaki pants and suede
jacket, as:Adri does not own a change of clothes.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak slowly and deliberately,
asthough carefully choosing each word forsome hidden
merit, These new surroundings frighten you, as does the
fact that the décains have abated since yous arrival here
Youhad come to rly on them for guidance, and without
them, you now feel the vast loneliness of your situation.
Your only comfort lies in the notion that others of your
ind may have been led here as well...

Secrets: Through his visions, Adri has leaned of
theconnection between the state of Catro'smorcalsand
the Dream Court, but he has yet to figure out what itall
means. Once he does, Adri's continued existence may
suxidenly become a liabilicy to the Followers of Set
Clan: Ravnos

ire: Uchta Suri
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Visionary
Generation: 13th
Embrace: 1980
Apparent Age: late 20s
Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
arisma 3, Manipalation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Streetwise 2, Suber
Skills: Ke
querte 1, Firearms 2
wal 2
Knowledges: Arca Knowledge 1, Computer 2, Linguis-
Occult 1, Polities |
Disciplines: Animalisin 1
Obfscate |
Backgrounds: Contac
Virtues: Conscience 4, SelfConttol 3, Ci
Morality: Hu
Willpower: +

BANUAL-AZRAQ

‘SHERIDAN Foster, CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE
OF Lorps

Background: This powerful Ventrue is the last
direct descendant of Antonius in
emies whisper that the corruption which felled the
mer sultan lies thick in Foster's veins. His attitudes
royalty and rule are discrete, carrying through in
sense to hisdirect progeny. They show the ut
respect and decorum in the presence of theit site, but,
outside his many havens, they vie with each other for
his favor and look down upon the members of other
clans, as they have been "brought up" to do. Some
residents of Cairo suspect that he has inflicted blood
bonds upon his progeny to ensure their loyalty, wh
others believe that the Venteue simply fear losing their

unlives of excess and power that Foster's resources
affords them.

5 (repair) 4, Drive 2, Eti
1, Security 1, Stealth |

Chimerstry |, Fortitude 2,

iro, and his en'

(Guan Fou: Dao Aven Dao: Tie Daan o C40


Regardless ofthe reasons, the Kindred of the city do

not trust the Ventrue ro do anything but look after

and Foster's legacy of self-interest is parcly

‘bout a decade ago, a young visiting Torea

with the peculiar ways of Cairo'sKindred,

openly accused the entire Ventrue clan of being noth-

note than Setite pawns, Although the fledgling

ed tobtaina promise from Camarilla elders that

ter would be investigared, it was not, and the
stances shortly thereafter

The Nosferatu of Banu al-Hayjt whisper that Coun
lor Foster hus no honor, yet even they do not know the
full rath. Foster fxs bound many of his progeny for fear
chat chey will betray him, juseas he betrayed his own sire,
I 1924, the Setite Methuselah Ken rothe city
looking for the Spel of Life. Instead, she found « willing
servant in Foster, who offered ro aid her in exchange for
absolute power over his clan's interests in Cairo,

When Ventry une to Cairo, Foster con+
vinced them (i 4) that hissire washer
loyal servant. The archons slew Fosters site, opening
thedoor forhis takeover. Asa way of thanking them for
smarilla, he led the team of
anvambush of Kemintiti's design. None of
the archons eseaped with their unlives. Now, Foster
Continues to serve as-a willing pawn of the Setites,
tradinghis soul and his lineage for an unlife of opulence
and financial dominion.

their loyal service to the C

Currently, the chairman's perfect existence sees a

new thr
of Robe

in the forma of a young Ventrve by th
hiilde of one of the long-dead
ind now an archon himself, who has come to
Exype searchin Foster believes that Van
Owen has allies both outside and within the city,
having already survived one attack by hunters. In addi
tion, he has proven eerily resistant to both Dominate
and other, more subtle overtures. When Van Owen
arrived, Foster thought at fist that his European clan
members suspected him of his past, desiring bloody
ein the form of the young archon. Now he
ing far worse: that perhaps the Setites have tired

Image: As councilor of Anconius' ancestral do:
main, Foster lords over his clan with an air of affected
royalty. Always dressed in finery, from hand-woven
silks with spun gokd to the finest suits that West
tailors can craft, Foster wordlessly reminds those in
presence that he is Clan Ventruc in the city of Cairo.
Roleplaying Hints: You know chings. Others often
think that they are gerting the best of you, bur the
truly not, as nothing escapes your scrutinizing eye. You
were brousihe into the Ventrue for your noble blood and
attention to detail, and you never fet anyone with

whom you deal fone this fact. [thas be lore
killed" in Cairo, especially for one in your particular
situation, and you will do all that you must to protect

yourself ay of unlife,

d your

Secrets: Foster has recently begun to gather a
‘wealth of information on the city's seedier sie from hi
Assamite associate, Beomedian Khulud, Although be
rust pay handsomely, the information chat the black
marketer provides has hecone vital

operation of Foster's many under-the
dealings. In addition, Fostet knows of the
the Herald, ashis Setite associate David Moreland has
Caiuiff gel, Foster has jumped wt this task, in the hopes
offurcher (re )ingratiatinghiroself with the Dream Court
Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Lord Ashton

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1769

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Soci

he successful
able business
xistence of

Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Melee
Performance 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Area Knowledg

puter], Finance 5, Investigation 3, Law 4,
Occult 2, Politics 5

wom Nor

126


Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 5, Fortitude 4, Pres-
ence 5, Serpentis |

Backgrounds: Allics 2, Clan Prestige 1, Contacts 4,
Influence 5, Resources 5, Retainers 4, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Hussein AL-Husseint, tHe FACILITATOR

Background: Husein's life needed changing, All
through his youth in Cairo, he dreamed of something
happening co him — something different. His mother
chastised him, telling him thar Allah would take his life in
the direction that He felt approp and it was hardly
Hussein'splace to question His plan. Hussein was content
enough to wait for Allah to take the reins, but He never
did, and the young man's life continued on

‘Hussein avoided the first World War by becoming
very ill and coming within an inch of death by fevee. As
thewarwounddown, hefeleanoxdd twinge of regret that
he hadn't fought, just hecause it would have been
re He scraped together a bit of aoney and
leftCairo fora few years, and, by sheer luck, he managed
toavoid the influenza pandemic that was sweeping the
globe. Again, although he had no desire to die such a
horrible death, he thought perhaps it might have been
inte interestin his life had ever been. He re-
turned to Cairo in 1921, accepting interim work as a
driver fora deliver pany. It wasn't very interesting
work, but it paid, and Hussein would imagine as he
drove through the streets of Cairo #! K held
iething special, some long-lost special
weapon, a secret new medicine... anything. Then, one
He picked up a large trunk from a ship and loaded
itinto his truck. Itwas.o be shipped toa guest ata Cairo
hotel; a man by the name of Sheridan Foster. The trunk

y, and something inside hissed when itshifted

it sounded almost like sand, As Hussein drove the

truck toward the hotel, he imagined all manner of

outlandish stories about his new cargo. As the sun crepe

lower, he decided he'd have juse one peel

himself for disappoincment, he pulled the truck intoan
cermpty lot and picked the lock on the trunk

Anarmreached out, grabbed him, and yanked him
swiftly mside. The trunk, as 1 happened, contained
none other than Sheridan Foster himself.

Foster, having not fed in several nights, drained
Hussein almost to death. As he lay dying, Hussein
coughed forth abrittle laugh. Foster, a litele bemused by
this, asked what was funny, but all Hussein could say
was, "Finally." Partly out of spite and partly because he

wething.

was he:

needed a competent native liaison, Foster cursed al
Husseint with the Embrace

(Gwen Fou Du Anan n¢ Deo: Tt Deen cr Caso

Hustein took to unlife quickly — now he had a
whole new culture to learn, as well as a tsk, His
knowledge of Cairo's streets and cultures allowed his
sire to slink quietly around the city without being
noticed by other Kindred, gathering support and re-
sources to make his move agaltst his sire, Lord Ashton,
the most powerful Ventrue in Cairo. Hussein scoured:
the city looking for any source of power ore vad
find, and his long years of daydreaming and imagining
helped him look in plaves tat odhery wouldn't think (or
would be afraid) to look

Three years later, Hussein helped Foster broker an
arrangement with Kemintiri, the rogue Setice
Methuselah. In exchange for information or the ar-
chons who had come to Cairo (as Keminitiri was and
stil isa member of the Cas nous Red List),
the ancient Setite slew Lord Ashtoa, opening the door
for Foster's ascension to power in Cain

Since then, Hussci oster's right
hhand man and favored childe. He is one of the few
Kindred who "overlaps" the many circles in Cairo,
having dealt with many different individu the
years on his sire's behalf. As wult, he has came to be
regarded asa man who can and will et things done, and
he is now quite a familiar face all around the city

One of his latest victories was introducing his sire
to Beomedian Khul Assamite businessman who.
runs black-market operations in Caity and cuts the
‘Ventrue in fora hefty percent. Through Khulud — who
isknown on the street as simply the Vulture — Ventrue
interests have both broadened and deepened in Ci
Hussein hopes that he might son be rewarded for his
efforts in the form of substantial interest in the new
"lines of business" that he hats helped to bring about.

veil' inv

has bece

a


+ Hussein is a short Cairene with a stocky
build and a wide face. However, the way Hussein carries
himself seems to give him some illusory length of bone,
15 well us the posture befitting a man of legitimate
nobility. When engaged in conversation Hussein's eyes
light up, and he nods often, 2s though perpetually in
agreement.

Roleplaying Hints: Having grown up in the Middle
East, you understand that the firststep toward successful
hhegotiation is always the establishment of & genuine
mutual regard, and you strive to accomplish this with
every new encounter. While yourdecorum has indeed
made you 2 highly competent facilitator, it has alse
(somewhat aly) resulted in yourbecominga man

‘over time as well, and many find
ving business with you

Secrets: As the Final Nights draw close in other
parts of the world, Hussein bias begun to detect traces of
his old ennui, and he wishes again for something fresh
to occur. Of all people, however, Hussein should know
that one must be careful what one wishes for in Cairo,
Clan: Ventrue
Sire: Sheridan Foster
Nature: Thrill: Seeker
Demeanor: Contormist
Generation: th
Embrace: 1921
Apparent Age: early 30s
cal: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

ect 4, Athlerics 2, Briel 3, Dodge 4.
chy 3, Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Masquerade
3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 3, Eriquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee
2, Performance 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Area Knowkake 4, Finance 1, lnvestigition 2,
Law 4, Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Politics 3, Seence |
Disciplines: Aux Dominate 3 Fortitude L, Obs
cite 1, Presence 2, Serpentis 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 5, Influence 4, Re
sources 3, Retainers 3, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Contral 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 5

BANUAL-GIZA

NAIM, DRIeStesgOF DREAMS

Background: Nadima al-Muganna was born to a
tribe of Sufi Bedouins in the Western Desert. From the
time that she wasa young girl, she had heard the stories:

Social

ate: Aloe

The Bedouin tribes of the Egyptian desert were watched
secret cabal of benefixctors who revered cus
tomsand rites moreancient than theirown. Amongher
people, it was understood tharif one saw cervain things
in the desert at night, chat ic was the way things had
always been, and to trust in the Protectors. The Frotec
tors were the other side of the Bedouin cycle of life, and
to have one withour the other was to throw their
existence itself off balance
Therefore, Nadima thought very little of it when
her older sister left the tribe for good one suniner day
She had gone to join the Protectors, her elders had said,
and that wasthe end oft. Fifteen yeas later, however
her sister returned as though she h day. She
wasin the company of astrat vore the smile
of ajackal in hiseyes. The man explained that Nodiena
had been chosen as well —on her sister's word, no less
— for the same honor that had heen granted her sister

tribe to join her sis
‘outside of Memphis.

There Nacima learned of many ancient mysteries,
including the eternal role of the Disciples themselves. as
guardians of the Queen of Repose and inheritars to the
war against Set and Apophis, She accepted her duties
dutifully, and soon grew adept at the ritual side of
Disciple unlife. Her penchant for hela, ay the h
priest cal in her as it was strong
When the dreaming began in earnest, the hi
praised Nadima as an incarnation of Isis — forever
mystically linked to Anubis himself

Some years later, Nadim
while on a journey into the Western Desert, She had
traveled ro locate a missing Bedouin tribe that hadn't

's sister went missing

Wi

oul


been heand from in the area for several years. When her
sister did not return, hee sire, che high priest Abu
‘Sham‘al, left to go find her himself, leaving instructions
that Nadima was to take over his priestly duties if he
were not to return as well. He did not

Since then, Nadims has guided the Disciples of
Anubis inall theirspiritual efforts, at times actingas the
mystical "operator" beeween her Disciples and their
Underworld progenitor, Anubis. With the awakening
of the Queen and the subsequent nullification of the
Rite of the Sun King (see Chapter Fi ‘
existence has become tumultuous at best.
destruction 5

‘storm, Anubis:

ima with a stream of dreams 50 intense
she can barely stand it.

‘The most important af these dreams concemed a
pregnant Caitif child whom he called the Herald. He

‘made it quite clear thar her rescue should be of para-
mount concem toall his Disciples, now thatthe Queen,
id aris

sen. He wamed that her discovery would not be

ce, but that there
child in Cairo, of similar means und
parillel form, who would be the key. After an exhaus-
tive search (and 1 few false starts), they discovered the
girl of whom Anubis spoke, and she indeed led them to
the Herald ashad been forerold. However, she escaped
from the temple soon after and hasn't been heaed from
since: Nadima has focused all temple resources to the
recovery of the gitl. and she prays that itis not tow late
Although Nadima now listens for the sound of sober
guidance as she sleeps, her recent dreams have offered
only silence.

Image: Nadima is tall for an Egyptian. with a regal
bearing that suggests nobility rather than her humble
origins as a Bedouin. Throughout her unite she has hud
cnlyasingle brush with frenzy, but the epiwde forever left
its mark on her: Her eyes, which never shut unless she is
sleeping or conducting rituals, ate of a uniform black with
merely a thin sliver of white circling the irises,

Roleplaying Hints: You are burdened with a ret
tible responsibility. For 4,000 years, the Disciples have
kept the minionsof Apophisat bay. For them to fail now
after so long — on your watch — is not a failure you
could bear. You have already lost your sister and yo
sire. You will he twice Damned if you will stand to lose
anyone or anything more.

Secrets: Nadima knows a great deal about the
ancient war between the Ositian League and the Fol-
lowers of Ser. In addition, she knows that an ancient
Setite Methuselah sleeps beneath Caito and that it is
poised to awaken any night. Therefore, she now mar-
shalsall the forces at her dispesal for the terrible bactle
thar she knows to be at hand.

caregiver
/isionaty

Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1763
Apparent Age: late 30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Seamini 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4,

ubcerfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 4, Eriquette 1, Melee 2,
Performance 4, Security 4, Stealth 2, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 2, Area Knowledge 5, lnves
tigation 3, Law (tribal) 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3,
Oceult 5
Disciplines: Animalisin 3, Auspex 2, Fortitude 4, Pro
tean 5, Setite Sorcery 5
Sorcerous Paths: Breath of Set (Weather Control) 5,
Path of Anubis (Spirit Manipulation) 5, Divine Hand
4, Alchemy 3
Backgrounds: All
mies) 5, Resour
and ghils) 5
Virtues: Conscience
Morality: Humanity 8
Willpower: 9
Notes: As High Priestess for the Disciples af Anubis,
Nodima has inherited, unearthed and personally devel
oped sev the
most important of these are Blessed Communion and
The Becoming (both level five). The formerallows her
to establish a link w the Underworld whereby she
others involved in the ri
(and, up until recently, Hatshepsur's ba) for guidance:
"The latter, long and involved rite which must be cast
during Blessed Communian,allowsa Disciple to tailor
hisProtean studies thereafter coassume the Jackal-Man
shape—the common bond that signifies and unites the
Disciples of Anubis,
Note also that Akhu sorcery is covered in the hook,
Blood Sacrifice. Storytellers who don't wish to use this
resource should remove Nadima's Divine Hand Trait

Bedouin) §, Contacts (mum:
ss 3, Retainers (Disciples of Anubis

, Self-Control 5, Courage §

al rituale ro aceiet in their cause. Two

NAZIRAH, THE SevENTH CHANCE

Background: There was once a lovely young Egyp-
tian gitl who adored her father and mother. The fact
that she was plain and that she was small made no
difference to her loving parents, To the istheir
princess, and her king and queen delighted in playfully

(Gums ox Dean Ac nt Duo: Te Doan ot Cao

i


vying for her affection, Her mother filled her dresser
‘with homespun finery, while haha lavished her with a
gallery of gifts made from household items. Even though
she saw the truth each time she went to the souq — it
hit especially hard whenever she retumed home —she
loved the fantasy. and she loved her parentsall the more
for giving it to her

Thedreamsbegan when she turned 13.Shedreamed
of sightsand of people who often felt familiar, but which
gathered around her i expect
antly, Other times, she felt as if she were lying awake,
bur still dreaming. During these times, the image of a
troubled girl with red hair appeared before her, circling
ion the ceiling above her bed. The girl was trapped in a
vortex of sand, tinable to escape or even cry for help
Strangely, the frightful image filled her with no fear,
only with the desire to help, along with the sense that
she must.

acircle, watching

Several years later, while gathering dates at a aie
ket, she was hit by a sudden vision, this time in the
middle of theday. In it, she saw the

une red-headed gis
strugeling in che sand, bur this time the gil was calli

out toa nearby bird, a white dove hovering just beyond
passed, Nazirah became
instantly and absolutely certain of two things: firsc, that

her fingertips. When the vision pa

1¢ irl was real, and second, thar she knew where the
girl was. Unthinking, she dropped her bundles and
headed out to the edge of the Western Desert, stoppin
nly lang enough to ferch seme water for the trip

Only much later would she realize chat she herself
was the dove

‘When Nazinh finally
in her vision, the red:
Suddenly determined, Nasirah quickly dug the your
airl free, pli
sand, Just th yelmed with the
sense of being watched, and she turned to see a pack of
Jackals emerge from the sandy haze before her. These
were the Disciples of Anubis, and they had been trailing
her ta where the gitl lay

Their leader,awise Bedouin woman named Nadirna,
took Nazirah — chosen by Anubis himself — as her
protégé and Embraced her ints the Disciples. She then
explained the prophecy that Nazirah had juse fulfilled,
wherem Anubis foretold of the arrival of the Herald, «
clontessand pregnant vampire who would b Jand
rescued by a mortal gicl of parallel age and bearing
Anubis had warned that time was of the essence, and
thatifthe Herald wasnotfoundin time, ehatall was lost
and he meane ail

ind the spot she had seen

Noairah, the priestess explained, had been the
eventh gitl in which the Disciples had placed their
hopes. The first six, although they were simi

to qualify as potential candidates, had turned out to be

nothing more than ordinary youns: girls. T

running out, and the Disciples had just

hope when Nazirah c ang. As soon as the Nadima

saw her, the priestess confessed, she knew: Nazirth wat

the one, the seventh chance.
Just when Nazirah was co

situation, a dre

not long after hi

Temple «

ing to accept her ni
I development occurred. One ni
desert rescue, the Herald fled the
acrass the river and into the city, Since
nn frantically searching her mind
ld's possible whereabouts, The
«full faith in Nazirah's connection
A small Egypt
ery eves, Nacirah is unlike most others
J delicave forms remainsis yee unmarred
ak of the Beast. Indeed, she ts quite calm for a
ypically goes against form rega
ing other Gangrel scereorypes as well
Roleplaying Hints: Although you know that you
can never truly go hack, you miss your parents every
waking minute, and the thought of them worrying
out what became of you makes you sadder thian words
he chosen one
shard on you. You will do what you
with pride, but this is notsomething you
and youknow it will be many years before yon
ncile what you have become.
Secre
goes on in Cairo, especially considering hee age. Her
pul doves, while recognizably outof place
cts, provides her with

Nazirah knows 4 good deal about what


a stream of steady (if somewhat simple) information,
She feels temble about letting her sire down, but she
feels that she can rectify the situation, if given the
opportunity, Nazirah has discovered that the Setites
have plans for the Herald, and she desperately seeks to
find her before they do,
Clan: Gangrel
Sires Nadim
Naturet Martyr
Demeanor: Conformise
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 2000
Apparent Age: late teens
ength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness, Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 2, Haagling 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Animal Ken 3, Crafts 1, Eriquette 1, Stealth 2,
Survival 3
Knovledgect Area Knowledge 2, Investigation 1, Law
1, Linguistics 2, Medicine l, Occult 2
Disciplines: Animalistn 2, Fortitude |
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Concacts 2, Mentar 3
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 7
Willpower: 4

Agpat-Jitcer tHe Apprentice

Background:
simple Bedouin man leadinya simple life of work, rest ard
mote work. When he grew into manhood, the elders of the
sribe began to pressurchina to take a wife and scat afauily,

fire som, his parents had not pre-arranged a mariage for

him, and any such decisions wete left enticely up to itn
He hod been a shy young mars, however, and he never
‘managed to win the attentions of any woran who sight
rake a suitable wife,
Abdal-filee! fel illduringone
of pestilence. As a part of his
illness, he was struck with a terrible fever that induced
vivid ond dreadful hallucinations. He was tormented
with visions of a nightmarish dreamscape Egypt, of a
desert bright with fire and u sky dark with soor. After
several unbearable days and nights, bis fever finally
roke and the phantasms mercifully subsided.
Although he went on to make 3 complete physical
recovery, Abd al-Jilee! would discover just how much
thesickness had taken from him when he eventually got
married. No matter how hard he and hisnew wife tried,
they wereunable to conceive child. Even after he took

asecond wife, aswashisrightby tribal law,
she too could bear him no children, The
became apparent then: Abd al-Jilee! hiad b
and noselection of spouses would allow h
an hei.

Abd al-ilcel had always suspected that something
was wrong, because he had been the only member of his
tribe to recover from the plague. He now understood
why it was Alla had spared him: He had been saved in
order tobe tested. Abdal-Iilee] abandoned his tribe and
wandered into the desert alone, secking a means by
which he could atone for his sins against Gud, Several
weeks later, he wasrescued from starvation by a wade
ing Gangrel who happened upon him by pure chance
Abd ul-Jileel seized the opportunity for the Embrace,
knowing that it would give him an erernity to moke
amends with the Almighty. After parting ways with his
sire, he made his way back to Caito, where the Disciples
of Anubis found him and inducted him into their ranks.

Over the years, Aba al-jleel cultivated numeron
contacts among clan of jackal-headed Lupines who
had been ousted from their homeland millennia apo (by
Set himself, sfthe stories they told wete true). Within
the last year or so, however, Abd al-filee! has Lost all
contact with them, leaving him gnively concemed
about their possible designs for the City Triumphant

ice that time, Absdal-ileel has cultivared a new
relationship — this time with his Toreador neighbor,
Muhandis: After hearing of Muhandis' past exploits,
the Disciple now desires to learn from him all that he
can in the ways of demon-hunting, In the few short
Visits he has made ra the reclusive Toreadon
has begun colearn the rudimentsof the Tanqel-A
the mad of the martyr warrior, though he
fully realize che path he has begun to walk:

Abdal-Jileel isafraidofneitherconflict norch
sand, should his relationship with Muhandis continue,
Abd al-Jiee! could grow into a powerful enemy of the
Beali. He sees himself taking up the good work that his
mentor abandoned s0 long ago, with the eventual hope
that he may bring the mighty Toreador out from his
shell and back into the world ance again. From there,
Muhandismightfinally be ready to receive the Assamite
elder's entreaties. And from there...

Image: Abd al-Jileel is powerful-ooking Bedouin
with strong features, a chick flowing beard snd sharp,
canine eyes. Whenever one encounters hirn in the
desert, he hasa haunted and narrow lock, as though he
is scanning for something in the distance

Roleplaying Hints: about a great
many things, not the least

cidol-worshipping Baal. rhasbecome upp
this was all God's plan from the beginning, Fe
cune to your Embraceand the "relocation'‘of Muhandis,

found that
rible reality

en

opr

You are serio

(Goa fas: Dean Auton 9 Det: Te Dusren oF C0

131


Allah always meant for you to walk this path, and you
are inspired to be doing His work

Secrets: Abs al-Jilee] suspeets that something ter-
rible lutks buried in the sands of the Western Desert
Although he is unsure how, he is convinced that these
suspicions, and whareveritis that they concer, are tied
tw the terrible visions that drew him into undeath so
Jongayo. With Mubanclis' learned instruction, Abd al:
Jileel hopes to grow strong enough to travel there
humself one night and finally face his fears

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 1th

Embrave: 1917

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Sociali Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alermess 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3.

Empathy 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 2, Melee 4, Perfor:
mance 2, Stealth 3, Survival 5

Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4, Investigation 4, Lin.

guistics 2, Occult 3
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Fortitude 3, Protean 5
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Retainers (ghal
jackals) 3

Virtues: Conscience 3,

elf. Control 3, Courage 5

Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 6

Notes: As a Disciple who has undergone the Rite of
Becoming, Abd al-Jileel can assume the Jackal-Man
shape of Anubis, aform that he alvwaysenters whenever
dealing with Lupines. This form is similar to their mine
feast form, granting the Disciple a +3 t0 all Physic
Artributes and reducing his Appearance score to 0,
Using this ability requires the expenditure of three
Uload points

Munannis, ARCHITECT OF FATT

Background: Born to noble family of A'yan in the
Hariqa district of Damascus, Muhandis was educated at
an early age to be a Man of the Turban, one of the
religious elite, Every day, five times a day, he would go
to the great mone to pray, and he would sense each
time that something was not right. While he prayed, he
felt his faith waver, as though some outside force were
bearing down upon it. Intrigued hy the fact char he only
sensed this vibeation while he stood inside the mosque,
Muhandis began an intensive study of Islamic architec
ture — especially a itpertained to the notion that faith
could support the structural embodiment of itself

His esoteric studies soon drew the attention of
Sultan Darshuf, the vampiric overlord of Damascus,
who Embraced him into the city's domain-claiming
dynasty of Toreador. Hissire purported to he something
of a religious chinker in his youth as wel, blaming his

rial attraction to Muhandis on his questing spirit and

y of blood. Therefore, it nearly destroyed
Muhandis when he found our that it had all been a fie
and that his sire had Fimbraced him simply to draw his
attention away from the Baali who pulled the city's
strings from the shadows.

‘When Damascus ellto the Mongols under Hulagou
in 1260, Muhandis turned on his depraved family. He
would rather throw them to the dogs, and D. cus
with them, than preserve a dynasty that was rotten te
the core. Although he never confronted his own sire
(Darshuf had disappeared dueing the initial invasion of
the city), Muhandis was responsible for unearthing
several remaining Baali, xs well as one of their unholy,
subterranean ongan pits. His exploits of the time be
came legendary, and the Mongolian Ganare! beside
whom Muhandis had fought still tll tales of the krave
Toreador warrior who "razed Damascus" along with
them. Toward the end of Damascus' fall, Mubandis met
with one of the fabled devil-hunters of the Middle
Kingdom, who instructed him in the finer points of
laying low such ancient evils and even presented the
Toteador with » moral code that strengthened him

‘Soon after, the armies of the infamous Mameluke
Sultan Beybars arrived, ousting the brutish hordes of


Tartars. (And they would bi
until the dawn of Tx
Beyhars had ordered his
those Damascene indiv:

epraway from the region.

140 years later.)

sto bring back to Cairo

Is of talent and repute —

primarily the renowned Dumascene armorers and ar-

chicects—and Muhandisaecompanied these migrating
workers to Egypt

Throughout Mameluke rule, Muharidis was a fix
ture of the city. A great many of the
and Iuenmams buile ducing th have be aide
tone form ur another, to the devout Tor
mortal architects and city pl
by name (albeie as a myscerious patron of the city, and
‘not as one of the undead). In all his efforts, Muhandis'

the Baali and
rosanct, that it might never fall as low
us home once did.

uries of uncer-
tainty and solitude have driven Muhundis into astate of
secluded paranoia. He ceased trusting other Kindred
entirely, believing that behind every vampire's actions
lay the machinarions of the Baali and their demonic
overlords. He wees their foul touch in what ate actually
the operations of the eity's many Serites, whose idols
trous ways only exacerbate this mistrust. He has seen
the true face of Kahina the Sorceress, and he would rid
the planet of her blasphemous form for goox! if ie could

manage to overcome his own insecurities.

Although Muhandi stently re}

of the Assamite elder Antara, he has grown
more receptive of late to the Bedouin Gangrel, Abd al:
Jilcel, one of the Disciples of Anubis. In simply
nting his gallant tales of glories pact, Muhandic
hus sec the pious Gangrel along the spiritual path of the
demon hunter, the Tar Ak Abd ab-filee! is
proving to bestn apt pupil in this regard, and if chings
contintieon as chey have, Mubandis tnight well mentor
"apprentice" right into che dawn of a new age

of vampiric valor in Cairo.

Image: Muhandis was once the very model of
Syrian nobility, and the passing of centuries has done
sutprisingly little ro diminish this. Although his skin is
patle for his ethnic origins, his demeanor is ribald and

strong, his features still full of vitality. When found at

has c ted the

his manor in Muhandisoen (which he almoet always is),
his dress is elegant and refined, yet traditional

Roleplaying Hints: You take yourrole in the guest
host relationship very seriously. If someone comes to,
you seeking assistance or counsel of any kind, you pay
Inore attention to how he acts than to why itis he has
come. Regard Cainites warily, as though you are "on to
them," but be polite in your word choice and give them
every opportunity to speak theft mind:

Guru fox

Secrets: Muhanad: knows more about the layout of
(Caitxthan anyone, cna spiritual aywellaegeomuantic level: He
isimnuively aware of whuthecall "faith lines," areascf the city
where 2ones of faith abur one another, and he believes that
(Cairo's salvation may lie in keeping them intact and intercon:
pected. In thisregand, Muhandssrighe in his paranoia about
the Rollowerscf Set. Although they arenot demonic in and of
themselves, they do the devil's work re
Clan: Toreador
Sires Sultan D
Nature: Visio
Demeanor: }

on 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Alertness 6, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,

Empathy 5, Expression 5, Intimidkition 5, Sercetwise 3,
Subu 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 6, Stealth 4,
Survival 5

Knowledges:

edie,

Know

chitcetuce) 6,

\cademics (theology) 4, Ar
ty Secrets 4, Expert Kaowldgc
ion 5, Linguistics 4, Occult 5, Science 3

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 5, Chimerstry 3, For
le 4, Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 5, Quietus 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contets 4, Herd 3. Influ

ence 3, Resources 4, Retainers 3

Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 4

Morality: Tariq el-Alsam (Pach of Paradox) 7

Willpower: 8

9 Anon bx Due Ta Danan oF Guo



Let Rome in Tiber mu
Wilkam Shakespe

presented in this chapter covers the
tural. and narrative elements in:
volved inrunningachronicleset in Cairo, so it sintendedt
for Storytellers only. While various aspects of the setting
ffect the players.as well, their overall enjoy
ment should be the paramount concem, and leaving
certain detailsof the city to the Storyteller only enhances
this enjoyment. Faith in the Storytellers ability and a
player's willingness to be both surprised and swept away
are crucial to creating the most vivid and engyging
storytelling experiences, especially in any games set in
Egypt. Uf you know now that you will not he the one
storytelling Cairo by Night for your eoupe, please read na
fuether. Trust that when the time comes for you to be
drawn in to the City Triumphant as a player, yout will
appreciate her all de more.

ranged empire fall! Here is my space

Amiony and Cleopatra; Act I, scene i

Umm et-Dunyva

The prospect of setting a chronic
Meal of hie Westra sca daunting
‘unfamiliar with the Middle East. While ii
troupes lick the intuitive understanding of Egypt that
they may have of their own locales, the setting provides a
Storyteller with some great opportunities. Stones set
airo allow the troupe to leam about Arab culture and
‘explore the mysteries of Egyptian civilisation, both past
and present. The city lends itelf to tories that combine
clement of Vampire: The Dark Ages — the power of
crtal superstition and ancient secrets — with all
oder themes inherent to the Final Nights. Cairo ts
melting pot in the World of Darkness, where Sabbut,
‘Caneaclls nd independenc vampires can and will meet

Coes Fi: Uw cD Stemi Ca

135


and oftery mix,

ores involving any of these types of
charac

propriate for the City Triumphant.
‘We suggest three basic approaches to using Cairo by
Night. Fist, Storytellers may simply use itasasourcebook
nject into their chronicle. When using
‘Cairo, a Storyteller should be careful
cling the power levelsinvolved. Cairene vannpiresare
ore potent than those in most Westem cities. They are
ottobe trifled with, nortreated with the causal fippancy
£1 common among American undead. In addition, their
I Deaths may have far-teaching ramifications that
should also be considered before introducing them to an
‘ongoing chronicle. Antagoniste ftom across the world
have many reasons to covet contacts in Cairo. As the
home of ancient vampires and mystical artifacts, Cairo
can provide Western Kindred with access to power not
found in the Uniced States. Opportunistic Tremere in
particular, unaware of their clan's extant arrangement
with the Princeof Cairo, might be interested in raiding the
ciy,and ic may wel be thatsome ofthe residents of Cairo
might follow such thieves to the end of the workd. Alo,
many of the residents of Cairo may decide that they need
alliesto aid them in their ancient struggles. They may visit
« distane city in search of recruits or potential sources of
power. They mayalsosend minionstofar lands in onder to
summon vampires tothem, which leads co the second way
coemplay Cairo asa story setting
Cai i'r exactly a vacation spor for most Kindred,
burt does make for great stories. Using the city fora story
outside of the chronicle's familiar Locales typically works
well Fist, provides a change of pace for the troupe. Are
the players complainung that the same, familia antaygo-
nists have become too predictable? In Cairo, they may
very well be unable to tell the "good guys" from the "bad
squys" Are the players growing overconfident, asuming
thar their mix of Disciplines and Willpower will enable
them ro escape any situation? A single encounter with an
seote mummy should cure thatcomplacencystraght away
Achangeofenvitonmentcanoften helprefeshachronicle,
allowing players to explore boeh new surroundings and
their own charters. Often times, adjusting to a new
environment provides all che impetus that a stagnating

er of reasons for going
to Cairo. Researching the occult, uncovering ancient
knowledge, obeaining a powerful artifact, tcvciving, "te

from Camarilla elders or even the invitation of a
CCairene vampite all provide plausible reasons for a moxl-
erm troupe tu seek out Caizo. fn order to muake the trip
work, have a contact or ally who can give the charactets
safe place tosleep anv help guide them through the city.
Givingthem goo introduction wo Arabic culture should
prove i wseful aid as Well. The characters shouldn't feel

perfectly safe orsecure, bur they shouldn't fe! hut Cairo
isa death trap, either. At least nor initially

‘Taking time out of a regular chronicle for asabbatical
in Egype als allows the Seoryteller to look at her setting
and make changes while the charactersare gone. She can
adjust events or introduce new Storyteller character,
allowing the surprises to continue even afier the return
home. As a related benefit, using Cairo asa side trip can
sive the Stonteller something new and interesting (0
explore while helping to keep the cceative juices lowing.

‘The most ambitious way to use Cairo by Night isto
simply set a chronicle in Cairo itself. Besides becoming
familiar with this book, Storytellers should take the time
to personalize the city. No work on Cairo can possibly
coverallather variousaspects from glorioustogritty. New
characters can and should be created co flesh out the
setting. Think of the themes and attitudes present in the
(City Triumphant that would appeal to your troupe, and
develop those ideas in advance. Help the players become
familiar with the setting as well, so tha y beg ty
feel comfortable in what will most likely seem astra
exotic) environment. Afver doing so, tie seis
tion presented in thischapter should be morethanenough
to get your Caito chronicle underway

THe Camo

COMMUNITY
Although all of Ezypt's munyy rails — fram com-

merce to culture — meet here in the capital city, the
pavement of all hese divergert paths s lad with fat In
a lange sense, the Western notion of a distinct separation
of church atid state is an unfaniliar one threxighout the
Arab world. Many of the city's greatest architectural
achievementsexistsolely because enough faith existed to
support them, and the meri¢ cf potential construction
projects was typically based on how well they would serve
the religiouscommunity at large. Indeed, the Dark Medi-
eval concept of "faith as currency" was nowhere any more
prevalent than in the Middle East, where de power and
wealth of the caliph —the ultinte veligiousanuorty for
centuries — became unparalleled among the citizenry
Since the dawn of man, the power of futh has served
to bring entire communities closer together. Throughout
the cenurtes, this paradigm has seen surprisingly litle
change, especially in the Arabworld, where thedominant
religion is seen as being the common bond ofits people,
Although Islam is not the sole force driving modem
Cairene society, it remains one of the most important. It
has shaped the city's growth for over a thousand yeu,
guiding the citizens of Caito through days and mights both
past and present. It will likely continue to affect the ebb

Cao Nor


ind flow ofthecity'sfurureacwell, however indistince that
future may appear.

IsLAMIN EGypt

‘The Muslim faith arrived in Egype for the first time in
the seventh century, with the arrival of the sweeping tide
fre of Arabia, Ac that time, the majority of Egypr's
teligious citizens were Coptic Christians who had suffered
under Emperor Diocletian's murderous pogrom and the
unforgiving rule of he Byzantines. Larer, when the seat of
the Coptic Patriarchate was moved to Cairo, the city
would become an even more potent nexus of belief, but,
inthe year 640, the Copts were abatteredand disconsolare
people. Babylon-in-Egype was ready forachange, andl this
Change was finally beoughe abour by the Arab general,
Amr Ibn al-As, who brought Islam across the Sinai and

to the more populous areas along the Nile. Within a
relatively short span of years, nearly all of Egypt had
converted to the vibrant new religion. Those who didnor
‘were treated as fellow "people of the book," and they were

reedoms unheard of under the Byzantines. Once
Egypt became the new land of opportunity for
many Arabs, and her numbers soon swelled with Muslim
ns eager Co make new lives in the fertile land
he ti

Atone time or another, Egypt's Muslims have been
under the spiritual authority of numerous outside forces.

d cribula-
tion would see Egypt govemed in tum by a host of
bickering caliphs from noconly differencfamilies, but from
different cities and even different faiths, on one occasion,
Ie is important ro remember that, while political bound
fies came nd went, religions authority often remained
trae, and military matters were often put to rest by the
assurance that one's subjects were still under the religious
(not political) authority of another.

After the fist powerstruggle, Egypt'sMuslims
paid tribute tothe Umayyad caliph in Damascus until 750,
when the Abbasids of Baghdad wrested control of the
caliphate. The authority of the Abbasid caliph was recog.
nized until the late 9th century, when Ahmad fon Tulun
declared Egypt an independent state During this time,
many Muslims under Ibn Tulun still recognized the spiri-
‘walauthorityofthecaliph, but they kepcquiecdueto their
firm support of their gaverner's bid for independence.
Bashi taxed Beypequire heavily during those days, and

yptians were eager for a chance at mutonomous
prosperity. Although it was y successful, che move
‘was an affront to the supremacy of the caliph, and Egype
seas ence awsin assimibited into the Abhasid empire in,
905.

ner that century, Egypt would come under control
of an opposing caliphate once again — this time, a
powerful Shi'a funily from Norchem Africa who claimed

(Cour Fa: Ue Dar Stormin Co,
137


descent from the Prophet's daughter, Fatima. Although
the Fatimid caliph made Cairo the capital of ixempire
thereby putting the religious leader in close proximity to
his Fgypeian subjeets foe the first time — the move
fictured the country's Muslims even more than living
under the authority of far away Baghdad had done. The
religiousidentityeé the Egyptian Muslim becamea strange
creature indeed, possessed of a Shi'a head and a Sunni
body. While Egypt, and Caito in particular, flourished
underthe 200-year reign of the proaperous Fatimid, many
rebelled at the abomination that theit homeland had
becon
Although it would never know supreme religious
authority over all Muslims, Cairo would go on to become
the center of the Islamic world nonetheless — if not in
untequitesthat all
adherents vist the holy city of Mecca at least once in
their lifetimes, many Muslims choose te make their own
pilgrimages to Caim, where the living history of their
religion iserernally on display. [slam is truly alive in Caire
— in every style, form and medium imaginable —and the
City of a Thoxsand Minarers certainly lives up co hes
me. Despite often being outshines! by the religious
nificance of Mecea, Jerusalern and Meditus, Cie still,
rem ot marty Muslim

ins thie "shinny star of Islan

‘The Astra

The Kindred of the Middle East share a unique
relationship with Islam, Whereas other religions typically
repel and often verify the undead, fsa seems to attract
them, making penitents and martyrs of those whom God
wouldcorddemn. Theregion's Muslim Kindred, the Ashisra,

been prominent in Egypt since the nights of Al-

then several of them mule the blossoming City of

the Tent their new home. During the Long Night, Cairo

tose t prominence as the center of the movement,

tnaking the city a nexus of both scholarship and worship

‘once more. Many influential Ashitra traveled tw Egypt

ing this time— including Suleiman ibn Abdallah, the

¢ : to study and

c the othersoftheirkind, forninga powerful

nity of Kindred devored co the teachings of the
Prophet.

Many Ashimra devote their unlivesto the study of the
Qur'an (literlly, "the recitation") and how best to inter
pret Muhammad given their precariose
situation, AS the "Cat Who We

among the
message sone of pious resignation. The lesson of the fable
is that while ics the duty of every Muslim to follow the
word of God one must also be eternally aware of one's
nature and follow it aswell. Ransof thestory (and its moral
implications) often point out that since all isthe will of
God, then the existence of the undead must certainly be
likewise, Therefore, the only solution for the humble

PwLansor Far

Inaddition wo the teachingyof the Qur'an anal
other fundamental tenets of Islam, there are five
proctical devotions that all Muslims must perform.
These five religious obligations, called Pillars of
Faith, are a follows:

"The Shahadah: The Shahadah, or profession
of faith, isa public declaration of the submission to
God hut is core tothe Wamic faith. By epeating
the phrase, "Thete is no god but Allah, and
Muhammad és His prophet," the faithful Muslim
fulfills the firs pill

The Salah: The second pillar requires ll
Muslims to pray to Allah at five specific tines of
day; at daybreak, noon, afternoon, sunset and at
night. During these times, the call of the muezzins
floats out as one voice from the top of every
‘minaret, summoning the faithful co prayer. Lifein
Cairo grinds to a halt as the millions turn to face
Mecca, falling to their knees in prayer,

The Zalats A religious tax is imposed upon
cach follower of kam in order to help provide for
thove les fortunate. These tithes pay for commu
nity services and programs that benefit the needy,
be they Muslim or not.

The Sawm: The religious ast an obligation
cha falls on the first new moon in the month of
Ramadan, or 30daysall Muslims mus ase during
daylight hours in onder to bring themsclves closcr
to Alla and remind them of whar the poor mist
endure throughoue the year.

The Hajj: The lastpillarisareligiouspilerim-
‘age that each Muslim is required to make at least
once in his lifetime, During the 12ch month of the
Iklomic calendar, Muslims from all over the world
traveltoMeccaund Medina toeircle the Katba and
reenact Muhammad's flight.

Ashitra isto acknowledge his place in God's plan and to
rake the best of whar has heen made of him

Thus, many Ashirra simply practice their faith in the
best (and often only) way they know how, and they ace
often prevented from experiencing the fullness of the
ecligion duc to their accursed natures. Islam's Five Pillars
are given more than mere lip service by the majcrry ofthe
‘Ashitra, bur aren't typically followed as closely as they are
by those more devout. The Shahadah is the easiest 19
perform, and many of Cairo's Ashirs ean often be found
proudly and publicly professing eheirfuth whenthey hive
litle ele todo, as though de quantity of thet adluerence
tone pillar will forgive their inability (or unwillingness)
to perform the others.

GaowNor

138


‘The majority of Ashirma typically perform the Salah
three times over the course of an evening: once upon
awakening, once around midnight, and again just before
sunrise, Only the exceedingly devour (such as the Hai)
hverve the traditional requirement of five prayers each
"ay." For these faithful undead, much of their long
unlives ts spent in prayer.

The Ashitra of Cito support the Zakae widely ancl
‘often orally, at least in theory. While the Kindred of
Cairo arena greeaier than these ofany othercity, they are
often much poorer, having little to offer those less fortu-
nate than themselves — if such ind can be found

ally, those more well wodoumong the Asbitra

ing to matters of religious endow-
ment. In Cairo, the power of God humbles even the
Damned.

The most delicate matters of faith among Cairo's
uindead inelve the fac nthe pgm Ment Ashira
recognise the danger in depriving themiclvesofvitue,and
many draw the line at self-imposed starvation. The hunt

eagle ote viel undead gen some

hat God wouldhave made then thisway

only wo then demand their abstinence. Still, during the
holy month of Ramadan, the majarity of Ashirra observe
some measure of blood denial. Most simply split their

activity eyeleintwo, treating midnight as their equivalent
of sundown and waiting to feed until then. During med

eval times, a clever Lasombr named Haroun el
tnaclecasual mention ofthe fact that the Qur'an demands
that Muslims fast only during daylight hours. Naturally,
Haroun wash'c suyyesting that no fasting of any kind was
needed — simply that fasting during the diy was all that
was technically reputed. As all undeaa sleep thtough the
day anyway, however, this particular perspective essen-
tilly feed te Ashierafromreligiousobligation altogether,
asfaras isting was concerned. This Lasemnbra's legacy has
been followed in agessince by lacy Ashirra who have come
robelieve that simply ky waking after the sun hws set, their
‘obligation to the Sawn has been fulfilled.

‘Asoc the pilgrimage to Mecca, the entire notion is
«considered outof the question by all bur the most devour,
Not only is internarional enwvel a shaky prospect for the
undead, but the idea of willingly dropping oneself into
what amounts to a sea of Troe Faith is sheer

ulness. The Nosferaru Ashirra of Cairo
exceptions to this standarl. Under fh Ja
the Hajj are encouraged and often expected to make the
tnluous pilgrimage to Mecea, there to learn directly from
the founsler of theie kind — Ibn Jaar'sgrandsire, Tarique.
Asthe majority of Ashirmahave forsaken tis last and most
agetwusobligation lin Jifu'sorthodox stancehasonly

served to further wi

sand their Musli

= AND UNLIFEON Cairo Time

‘Thepredaminance of Cairo's populace is Musi, but
the political stare of Egypt is still a republic, and, is such,
it finds itself consulting three separate calendars on
reyular basis. Despite its being ar unusual practice to be
sare, many Cairenes ake it (aswith many things) inatrde,
claiming that it simply makes being in Cio that uch,
more interesting
‘The most familiar calendar, che Western one, dates,
from the birth of Christ over two millennia ago, is
progress being marked by the passingof the solar year. The
‘Coptic calendar is solar as well, but it dates instead from
the accession of the Emperor Diocletian in. AD 264.
Durityy Diocletian's reign, the mest vicious of the Roman
penecutions of the Christians took pl
Egypt, and the Coprs keep it always inn
through their chronology. The Islamic calend
standard "day-to-day" calendar of life for man
lates from the fight (hefra) of Muhammad fn
in AD622 and, unlike the other wo, i unwar rather than
solar. Because the Islamic calendar rotates in relation te
the other two calendars, each islamic year begins 11 ays
sooner than the previous year.
For chis reason, figuring out any given Wester date
69 an Islamic calendar (or vice-versa) is noe as simple as
adding or suberacting 622. A "formula must b
wherei one divides the Islamic year by 33 (as i sc
thirty-thind. shorter than the Western), subrracts the
‘esult from the current Islamic year, and then adh 6
the result. The result is that same year on the Western
is AH (standing for Anno
the count of years since Muhammad' light)
1422, the corresponding W be AD) 2001,
For the vampires of Cairo, this (and is

standpoint. They sill rise andsleep an the same:
thar they always have kept, much like vampites thre

he world, Inadditio ransactionsin Egypt

lendar, and those who

wish toconduct businesssoon come torely onit regardless
of theit religious beliefs, One important distinction, how
ever (and one that the Ashitra are often fond of pointing
cout), és that any given day in the Islamic calendar begins
ac sendewn rather than at midnight. The only teal effect
that this oddity typically has on mortals is that Islamic
festivals appear to begin the evening before Westerners
expeettherm to. The basic cause and effect of thisarrange
ment an be compared tothe placement of Christmas Eve
and Christmas Day, which fallon twoseparatedayscn the
‘Westem calendar — were they Islamic holidays, they
would both technically fall on the same day

en the gulfbetween the Hajj of Cairo
brechren.

Guu at: Un o-Dave Spm Caso

19


When viewed inacertain light, thisdiference affords
‘vampires who follow Islam the opportunity for a unique
perspective, In a sense, it legitimizes the Ashirra's claims

unned. Ged himself has provided them
by which they may make restitution, as the

ning" of each new day isthe time when the vampire
awakens refreshed, ready to begin his allotted activity
cycle. Therefore, compared to the rather paltry handful of
hhours in which othet vampires must conduct their affairs,
the Ashinra may use the full measure of each day afforded
themby God. Although itisaslight distinction (ara same
would say semantic and meanungless one), the vampires
\who follow Islam view i¢asa simple truth of their belief —
‘Mfundamentalaspeetoftheirexistenceamongthe Damned,

Far ann tHe City
‘Threaghouthistory,the constanefaith of he Cairenes
has been a force inseparable from their daily lives. They
[pour it into the very mortar used to build their homes and
pplices of worship, reaffirming the power of their god with
the layin: of every stone. They knead it into their daily

THeIstamicCacenpan
Month
Moka
Safar
Rabed

29
30
»
30
»
x»
29
0
2»
0
29 (30 in leap years)
EoypitanHonmays

Regardless of which calendar one follows, sev-
ceral holidays are celebrated all across Egypt over the
course of the year: On these dys, all government
offices, banks, schools and most businesses close in
observance. These secular days of rest are as follows:
‘Sinai Liberation Day
Labor Day

Anniversary of the 1952
Revolution

Armed Forces Day
‘Sham el-Nessie
New Year's Day

Shaaban
Ramadan
Shucwal
Zoul Qidah
Zoul Haya

October 6
Monday after Easter

bread with their hands, and when that bread has risen,
they break it with those sane hands to partake of it with
their families. Indeed, the act of breaking bread hasalways
been sacred among Cairenes, and the symbolic act of
reabsorbing one's faith in the bread one hus baked only
serves to strengthen the resolve — both within and
without. The cycles of life are well obwerved by the
Cairenes, and faith 1s a fundamental aspect of thew all
Here, in the City of a Thousand Minarers, faith has
literally moved mountains, and itis with faith that ber
citizens will make the desperate leap into the Final Ni

Although it comes in diferent forms and eveexl, the
overall effects of faith remain strangely consistent across
religious lines, and many vampires have felt a most fall
far bum atthe hands of an unfamiliar faith. Indeed, True
Faith is more common in Cairo than, arguably, anywhere
ele inthe world, anda grear many sitesarcund theeity are
infused with its ambient power. To Kindred, several such
sites in close proximity to one another create an audible
sand nearly tangible phenomenon. The result is constant
thu not unlike the cry heard hy the undead in the lands
of Arabia — an inescapable reminder of the secured
nature of their existence.

Although itisnotasoppressive, this effect is certainly
more omnipresent than us Arabian counterpart known as
the Keening. Visiting vampites are often more unnerved
by the simple, queasy sense of unease that pervades every
inch of spoce in Cairo, than by the mote potent but
‘mercifully centralised wailing ofthe Kara stone. Some in
Cairo liken the feeling to a great dome of loud and heavy
air resting overhead, covering the city as if it was a
sumpeuous dish. Many vampires in Cairo actively avoid
the Sufi mystics known as "whirling dervishes," believing
that they alone among raorralscan hear the constant whir
cof the city's collective faith, and chae they chant in order
to atnune themselves to its divine frequency, True ot no,
scuffles between undead regularly break outall around the
city — conflicts that are often blamed on the tensions
caused by thisincessant vibration, rither than on theshort
tempers and long egos of those involved]

FarHanp tHe UNDEAD

Since the nights of the Second City, the undead have
treitosrikeafalincebeeween duelling unongthekine and
‘existing as outsiders to the Children of Seth. In all thar time,
thoes mortals who.carrisdagenuineand pious faith inahigher
power have acted as constant reminder of how delicae that
tralnce muly is, While dhe effets of « mortals fait being
brought to bear ane widely known, the effects of an atea's
Ambient Faith on the undead are not so.

Whenever a vampire finds himvelf ata place wich an
Ambient Faith rating, his player must succeed in a Will:
power roll before that character ean enter. The difficulty

equal (2 + the Ambient Faith rating of that particular

Grom Nor

10


Inne Foorstepsor Gop

does indeed permeate all areas at all rimes,

placescrossthe city have theicowm special
(and often higher) Ambient Faith ratings. Wise Kin-
des! have always made it primary order of business to
eam the various danger zones of Cairo upon arriving,
and the task of showing these individuals around the
city hus changed! hands over time, During the Long
Night, che Serite merchant Bilal plied a good trade in
keeping Kindred abreast of Caira's growing zones of
faith, After his Final Death, no Setite stepped up to

inheric the "family business," and the responsibility
naturally fell upon the Hajj —a task thae they were
nore chan willing toassune at th ind huvesince
come to take some measure of pride in

The Hajj of modem Cairo charge no fee for these
guided tours, rejoicing instead in the renown that
comes. with discharging their sacred duty. Naturally,
should chey pick up tho occasional tidbit of informa
tion along the way, itean only help the Ach (and
thus the city) in the long run.

‘The following is partial list of the holy sites that ean he found around the city:

Holy Site

‘Abu Serga (Church of St. Sergius)

Al-Adra (Church of the Vingin)
char

Bir al-Hakscun (Yusu's Well)

The Citadel
El-Muallaga (The Hanging Church)
Mari Giryis (Church of St. George)
Mausoleum of Quit Bey
Mausoleum of Sultan al
Mosque of Al-Hussein
Mosque of Al-Hakim
Mosque of Ame fbn al-As
Mosque of Ibn Tulur
Mosque of Mobamned Ali
Mosque of Muayyaad
Mocque of Qalawan

Shouri

« Barbora (Church of St. Barbara)
ynangogue of Ber Ezra

Ambient Faith

5

Ug we awadn

Note: Storytellers ure encounnged to asctiben non-numeric value tothe Ambient Faith of the ity itself, While

it certainly does exist, the idea is to provide the characters with a constant feeling of unease, rather thi

game mechanic. Should you feel it necessary to use one, however, simply apply.a penalty of ane to the di

all rolls made while the characters are inside the city. This penalty continues for a number of nights equ
the character's Willpower racing). After that time, he has become inured to the effect, and he may

aspesific
ulty of
to (11

weand

normally. While local Kindred are, naturally, immune to the letter ofthis game mechanic, they are still wubject to
the spirit behind it, and Storytellers are encouraged to emphasise its effect

holy site). Shoukd he sueceed, the vampire may enter, but
he will likely feel ill and somewhat disoriented until he
orytellers may apply a dice pool penalty to all
rolls made within the area, if so desired.) Failure means
that hecan no access the holy siteofhisown volition, and
ithe is forced tw do so, he will suffer one health level of
lethal damage immediately. This penalty is compounded

leaves. (

foreach scene in which the character ren
A borch results in the loss of c
thepainandnauseabuildroexeryciatin
character be forced to remain in aholy ite for more than
three tums after a botches roll,a second Willpower rls
coquired against a difficulty of 7. Fal "

his

(Gores Fs Uw Daa: Somme C0


that the character enters frenzy. A botch on this rall
indicates that the vampire actually combusts, suffering
three health levels of aggravared damage per turn thereaf-

i he is free of the area or doused in lange amount
t. (Needle to say, holy water merely agtates this
situation.) The player of any such character must imme:
diacely make a Courage roll (difficulty 9) ro keep the
character from entering frenzy as well,

The application of True Faith upon the undead is a
smestal and spisitual matter. as well asa physical one. in
Cairo, the Muslim Nosferatu ofthe Bun al-Hajjisem to
have unique, working relationship with faith, as long as
it ts of the Islamic variety. Although they are equally

ject tothe effectsof True Faith, only che Hajj —alone
mong all the Ashirra —seem to be able to move freely
around the holy sites of Islam, Their reverent leaker [bn
Jatin, has repeatedly demonstraced a remarkable
he otherwise agonizing effects of Truc Faith on
the vampiric form. This fact alone woukl lend some
credence tothe notion that ts effects are actually besed in
the mind —or, as the Hayj so often claim, in the soul

While it 6 ere that the holy sites of Islam seem to
"open their doors" wo the Hay the gates of other religions
remain just as barced to them as to other, more secular
tundead, More tharsone vain Muslim Nosferarishas felethe
sting of venturing too deep into Copte Cairo, and it is
‘understood that ne matter how pious one of the Hayj may
be, hee must always remember his place. This less serves
asa constant reminder of both the power and sovereignty
ofthe Almighty —justas thetracceptance insidethe holy
sites of Isham isa eeminder of His mercy

Lately, the Hay of Cairo have begun to feel a new
attem in the collective hum of the-city's holy sites —the
dhe they call the Keening, in parity with a similar
phenomenon in Arabia. [tsrelarively mild whirhasbegun
{0 waver in intensity, rising in strength during the day,
reaching « new apex during the midday call of the muez-
gins, und ebbing back to "normal" levels by sundown. In
short, it has begun to mirror in effect its more potent
cousin in the land surounding the Ka'ba stone. At no
poineduringthe Keening'snew ebb and flow docs its level
dip below what it has always been, and the Hajy have
begun to fear what it all could mean in the conning times.
Allthesignspoint w the dawn ofsomethnyon the horizon,
and the worried prayers of Caito's Hajj grow mote fervent
with cach passing night.

THe Caro
CHRONICLE

Houstor Tremere
The Tremere of Cairo have existed in a curious kind

oflimbo since the establishment of the Egyptian Antiqui-

ties Service. Under the reign of Muhammad Ali, the

ance fa

Cooe Nor

ia

Antiquities Service and facility built to serve it were
established in 1835 inaschool beside Eshekhiya. After the
pasha use the site as storage for presents that he wished
tw give to distinguished visitors it was transferred to the
Citadel, where it received only slightly better treatment
In 1855, having acquired some notoriety through the
liscoveries ofthe famed archeologist August de Marte,
the collection waspaida visit by Archduke Maxmnillian of
‘Austria. An advisor of the Archduke's—acontact of the
powerful Tremeteo! Viennia—hecame most interested in
the collection and the Antiquities Service, and he con:
trived to meet with Mukhtar Bey during hisstay in Caito,

The Tremere were developing an interest it Egypt,
and the enteeprising fellow took the opportunity to neyo-
tiate a bargain with the Mameluke ruler of Cairo. As the
‘Caitff prance was always eager to form new relationships
with the vampires of Europe, the two soon reached an
agreement: The Tremere would receive free passage in
Cairo, along with the rights to the Egyprian Aniguities
Service and all is discoveries. ln exchange, the Tremere
would not be permitted a khitta in Cairo, nor would the
Prince evee grant a Tremere feeding orhaven rights inany
‘nea of the city except on the Museum grounds itself As
long as the Tremere kepe their numbers small — small
enough to be supported by a single collective haven —
they were welcome to exist in Cairo. Therefore, the
‘Tremere could come to gorge themselves an Egypt's vast
scores of knowledge, but not on its vitae. The Egyprian
Museum became the Tremere Chantry, haven and khitea
allrolled into ane. To seal the deal, and as.asign of goo!
faith, the prince allowed the Archduke totake the entirety
ofthe original collection back w Vienna, whereitremains
to this day. Since then, the Tremere have guided the
AnriqpitiesServicetoamaring archeological findetheough
‘out Exypc, the bulk of which are brought back to the
‘Museum in Caino for further study by the Tremere.

Lately, the Museum has been workingon an exciting
new cache whose existence remains hidden from the
‘world at large. Just over a year ago, previously unknown
temple appeared in the Wester Desert outside of Wadi
Natrun. Although the area had been previ
the structure was simply never found before,
discovery has the Tremere of Cairo flush with anticipa
tion, The Museum chantry head, Kasper von Auptholine,
lef Cairo soon after the temple's discovery to personally
overse the ensuing dig, and he has been sending back
relics from the recently titled "Shenouda Cache" as they
are discovered. His childeand curativeassistant, Hyapatia,
oversees matters from the opposite end, eagerly awaiting
the amval of each new relic.
Lori4

Unfortunately for Hyapatia, a recent delivery from
the Shenouuda Cache contained:n item known as Lot 14
Inside the crate lay an immaculately preserved canopic


formed of an obscure andl perfectly smooth white stone.
ftched nour the outer rim was vunfamiliar
hieroalyphie sigils thac che young Tremere soon grew
obsessed with deciphering. After some tinkering, she
broke enough of the hieroglyphic code to release wha she
esis adja — right out of the fables she ha read so.

x child. Unknown to Hyapatia, the jar contains

the imprisoned essence of the Lond of the Dream Court,
sequestered within by the sorcerers of the fallen Setite
temple in the Wester Desert. The Cais Methusela's
hed spirir has only fostered Hyapatia's mistaken
inapressions, while methodically using her to further its
cown schemes. As her romantic fiscination with Lot 14
grows, H s becorainyg mote and more intrigued by
the Shenouds "jinn" and all the wistful dreams she

believes that it can fulfill.

Tne Rreor rie Sur Hine
The citizens of ancient Egypt had little reson to
beliove that they would ever see dynastic rule come ton
end. It had always been the way of the world in the land
of Khem — the way of the gods, and the way it would
eternally be. Therefore, when the Osirian League began
making preparations 1 keep its enemies from usurping
control over the land of Egypt once again it had eo look
to the primary avenue of control that Lay open w the
Setites: the courtf Pharaoh.
A Gangrel calling hirwelf Anpu devised 3 means by
which thismainseutee of influence could beheld in check
«powerful spell dubbed the Rite of the Sun King
Undleritscerms, no ruler of Egypecouldeveragain have his
arbent to the whispers of Seae comuption. Anpu had
been dhe guardian of the ill-fated Cult of Isis when che
Spell of Life ell into Set's hands. He blamed hinwelf for
the momentary lapse in vigilance tha resulted nor nay in
the death of «9 many among the Osirian League, burin the
‘eventual creation of the seven foulentitiesknown as Bane
Mummiss as well. His mission —one of atonement
stark reverie — was not to be denied.
inforcunately for the Osirian League, the power of
the rte wassuch thac ic had to be perpecually maintained
ftom the other side. In shore, someone would have to
dedicate herself ta eter onder for the spell to thrive.

~<Ja vision telling him co watch for strength

foaly when i¢ finally appeared before him. When Queen
Hatshepsut rose t0 power, Anpu took notice. Here was a
\wornan of reat character who courageously took the reins
of a wartom Egypt, subsequently adminstrating her
‘loved nation with justice and grace. When the Oracle
officially proclaimed her Pharaoh, Anpu knew thatehod
found the one. Hatshepsut lived our her days under the
tutelage of rhe Osirian League and, when het time came,

wihjected to both the Spell of Life and the Rite of the

Sun King. She wa: wrapped in the latter ind buried in a
secret location outside Memphis, there tobe watched over
by those of Anpu''s line —the Disciples of Anubis — in an
eremal vigil

Acoocting to legend, the magical perimeter created
by Hatshepsut's rite —munifesting itself across all worlds
— comesponded precisely to the arca covered by the
scattered pieces of Ours' hody, with its outermost eyes
being marked by those pieces bur
others. Deiral-Bohari, Hatshepsut's mortuary temple
side Luxor and one of the most beautifully constructed
buildings in the world, was erected to mark the boundary
of the spell's southemumost rim. The Chapel of Anubis
within its interior is said to be built around the site where
(Osiris heart was first found and retrieved, and itis here
that che Osirian League tked the entombrnent of Queen
Hiacshepsurs body following her death, Her temple went
on toserveasthe supemanural border between Lowerand
Upper Egypt — a massive, stone reminder of the rite's
power and the Osinan dominance it would come to
signify

Although it posed no physical harrier tothoxe
line, the Rite of the Sun King greatly hampered
thing they trafficked in and relied upon the most

mpta-

tuon. Notonly were all direct attempes wo subvert or coerce

Egypt's rulersdoomed to fil, buch practical effects of all
Serite magic — from Thaumaturgical rites of Akhu to
their beloved Serpentis itself — were greatly reduced
within the nte's area of effect. In adalition, none af the
‘Chikdrenof Apophiscould physically enterthe-ensorcelled
area without suffering significant discomfort (i long:
forgotten feeling ro most af them). According wthetales,
whenever a Bane Mummy tried! to venture too fa ints
Lower Eaypr he would begin to fe! as though some force
were attempting to tear rec his a: for his body. On one

ary cecasion, the wildly insane Kharebutu. the
Fourfold Fiend, wassaid tohave attempted toforee hisway
into the rites atea of eect through sheer will alone, only
to find himself soon spicaling helplessly into the Under-
world

For millennia, Hatshepsut' rite held fast, suff

the Serites with its slow and steady oppressivenes, Al
though the definition and application of iseffects mutated
over time as differing power structures took contol of
Egypt, the spells functionality remained much the same
During the Mameluke eta, the spell acted to protect the
sultan and his clesest emits — likewise during Ortomnan
rule. During Egype's brief stint asa kingdom, i sheltered
the royal family and all the top ministers. Only after 1952
did the Disciples of Anubis begin to wonderas to how the
rite wouk! continue to protect those in control from the
machinationsof Set's childer. While the nation's stutusas
a republic opened several inroads of inluence,the spit of
the spell seemed to change with the times, and those

‘Gooers F: Ue a-Derrve Stormin Cao

1B


try'snew presilent were found worthy
Jianship than. those who had attended

Pharaoh in ages past.

Thus all changed afte
‘wid 1999 known as the Week of Nightuare,
storm in the realm of the dead — the likes of which hasn't
been seen since Fat Man and Little Boy — seized the
Underworld, tearing through Amenti, and throwing the
entire Egyptian deadkinds into disarray, Its unearthly
right shook Ositts from his eternal meditation in Duat,
nearly destroying the Beautiful One in the process. Ir did
likewise ro the Queen of Repose, violently whipping her
free-roaming ba across the Egyptian Shaclowlands, and
back into her recumbent rummified form. Motionless
tal smal itinerant soul came together at last ina deafen-
ingroar of Unierworkl energies... an Hlashepsut awoke.

With the Queen's spirit no longer presen in the
Underworld w maintain the exhausting ritual the Rite of
the Sun King shattered. For the first me in over 3500
years the Followersof Setwete free to operate unrestricted
invall the lands of their bith. The Children of Apophis
longsince exiled froma the area throueh the rite's manifes
tation in the Underworld — became free at last to roam
d

‘The goleen age of peace thac the Osirtan League had
fv sy hard to preserve was at an end.

dotons the entirety af their homel

Fart or te Houseor Peace
For overacencury, the Children of Osiris maintained
theit Cairo home in an elegant yet tasteful manor on:
Sharta Mohammed Farid, just southssest of Abdin Palace.
Buile ducing the Ismaili expansion of Central Cairo, the
Dar es-Salaam ("House of Peace") grew to become the
lngest Temple of Osiris that the world hac ever known —
the global headquarters ofa bloodline, if truth betold. The
four-story manor house was home to more than 30 Chil-
dren ofall prior clans and walks of life, and it maintained
aastnet policy of never turning away 2 Child in need

This magnanimous beneficence came to a sudden
sand brutal halt én mic 1999, A three-alarm blaze erupted
within the district of Abin, engulfing more than four
surrounding city blocks. When fire departments were
summoned to the scene, they arrived tw find that the

‘of the conflagration was the Dar esSalaam itself

ructure — courtyards, mashrafiyya and all —

had been consumed in 2 hungry and unrelenting flame

that was already spreading to the adjoining houses. The'

Houseof Peace had become a towering inferno, and with

itburned the Chikiren of Ostis,signalingtheend of anera
begun almost 10,000 years ago.

Wimeses report seeing several individuals stumble
frst the open windows, completely ergulfes in white fire.
Others claim thar they saw silhouetted figures evaporate
into thin air right befote ehete eyes. What can be verified

is that a number of survivors were escorted frou the
burning building thar day, Some emerged gasping for ai,
having been nearly overcome by the smoke. Others
seemed to be unaffected by the furnes, but they were
sreatly disoriented by the brightness of the sur, — alton
sas if they hadn'e been outside for years.

‘Officials never did confirm the cause of the fire
(publicly), but 0 rumor was leaked that it was somehow
started in several different places inside the manor —allat
the exact same tine,

THe Crt DREN OF HAQIM

For many centuries and through many strugles, an
intra-clan peace existed between the Assimites of Cairo
This peace came to an end with the formation of the
‘Camarilla and the ensuing pogrom «mn those of the clan.
Antara, the Banu Yashkur founder, used his extensive
contacts among the region's Camarilla varnpires to nego-
tiate the Assamite position, helping to broker the treary
thatresulted in the shameful Tremere Curse, Although he
wasamong the first in line to subject himself toitseffects,
‘many resented the founder for his so-called cowardice in
the face of the enemy

Since then, something of rift has developed among
the Assamites of Cairo, and Banu Yashkur can be said 0
be divided into two camps in the coming Final Nights
There are thase who continue to fallow ani support the
venerable Anrara, and there are those who would see his
removed from all power and standing, considering him a
tremble modern representative of theitclan in Cairo. The
majority ofthose whomake up the hater groupyare you
Assumitesand, more often than nor followers of Anata's
most vocal oppanent, Tel'sat. While the founder retains
the eappoce of hic childe, Councilor Imanna, ae-well a8
several other distinguished clan members, the ride
beginning to tm in favor of Tefaat and his followers
Although she is a respected representative of their do-
‘main, Imanna may soon fall under her sire's legacy if she
‘can not assume the mantle of leadership and rein in the
disparate factions of the clan.

Whar manyofthe youngerclan membersare unagare
of istharthe city would be m considerable trouble without
Antara. Icisthrough his effortsalone tharthe power of the
Dream Court continues to be kept in check. His seals
covering the mouth of the Well of Sorrows behind the
Gayer-Anderson- House ensure that the Serite
Methuselah's corruption stays in the sewers below, while
his message of unity continues to keep the Kindeed above
at least m peaceful negotiations. All-out war would surely
have erupted nor only between rankled clan members but
between the clans themselves, were it not for his contin-
ved presence as the voice of reawon in Banu Yashk
Despite the best of intentions, the fruition of Tel'

plans could ultimately lead Cairo to ruin,

Gaon Non

4


‘THe FOLLOWERS OF Set

As far as many Kindred are concerned, the story of
Egypristhe story of Set and those would follow his legacy
cf loyalty and immorality. While the clan is indeed tied t0
the land, which has always beer its ancestral home, the
story of the Exypeian Setites themselves sone that would
likely confound those outside the clan. Since their earliest
desert nights, the Setire courts of Egypt have existed not
asa unified froneugainst opposition tothe clan, butrather
as extmples of how the clan itself, more than xiny ourside
force, fails its Antediluvian god.

After millennia of fratricidal treachery and do
only

andeven thisturnberisin

«question asone court has axkfenlyallbut ceased tbe. Al
the courtsdescribed ;cexisted formillennia,and
have been quarreling viciously amongst chemselvesall che
while

Tue Count of Mimacies
Unlike che other majoc temples o Set, Eeypr'snorth-
cenmost cour wasestablished only tera foreign presence
J alrcauly staked its claim. Located in Alexandsia, the
of Mireles was founded in the 2nd century BC by
«mysterious all-female cabal of Setites. Its founding
members seem tohuve enjayed pecullarandofen roman-
tic relations with Alexandria's rulers of the era — the
Prolemies—and they are rumored tohave somehow been
involved in the arival oftheir prosgenitor, Alexander the
Great

Shortly after its foundation as a crac Temple of Set,
the Alexandria court was called upon to join the war
against the Osirian Lengue. However to the shockof the
other Setitese t refuse. During this time, all manner of
numors began to tloar down the Nile woward the other,
more rational courts to the south. Indeed, the vast
majority ofthe clan "gossip" of the time pertained two the
‘ew, unorthodox cult of Setites in change of the capitol
city's temple.

When the city of Cairo grew to prominence alter the
Arab conquest, the Court of Miracles was once again
called upon — this time by the far-off Setites of what
swould come to be the Court of Steel and Sky, which had
lose its Antediluvian lord in the intervening years and
grown concemed about the rise of the Dream Court
‘What was once an innocuous (if tolerable) eult of hedo-
nists declicuted tothe perverted worshipot tsown sleeping
gox! had quickly grown into its own as a military and
‘economic power. Wore yet, Caio's star was sill on the
rise, and its rapid expansion did no seem to be slowing
down in the shghtest,

Nevertheless, the Court of Miracles remained aba

ven willfully so. Even after Caino's rising star hoa
long since eclipsed the brilliance of heir own city, the

Setites of Alexandria refised to allow the southern courts
topull the Courrof Miracles into theirpower mes. Sil,
they understood the wisdom of good busine
began to engage in open trade and diplomat
tions with their cousins in-country, while
the Dream Court remained steadfast in thei

After the death of Alexandria's Pris
during the events of Black Saturday, however, the Cont
of Miracles began to change, It closed off negotiations
with many of its clanmates and even evicted one Sette
ambawador who had taken up pormancnt residence, As
far as the Followers of Set are concemed, the glorious
memory city of Alexanaler how all but shut itself off from
the outside world over the last 50 years. Mary ate bled
acthe situation, and some believe thae the ansyct lies in
the undeniable connection between the former prince
anid the Court of Miracles itself. Att time of Marcellus
death, both had made the beloved port-city theirhome for
the mind-bogsling duration of over 2000 years — fact
thar is not easily dismissed,

Tue Dream Court
Beneath the cramped and dirty streets of Cairo lies 9
seething monument to madness. The majority of Cairo'
lower system of sewage tunnels, as well as all the old
medieval aqueductsand byways, houses the second largest
temple of Set in the world (after the Grand Temple in
Uganda). With itsimmense scope and siz, easly dwarfs
newer, more Wester temples, and it ever pus the other
Egyptian Court Jigion the cet
number of "clergy" in residence, Sctites from all ove the
slobe come to witness und join in the variousobscure and
dften captivating rituals that the temple regularly holds.
The clan as a whole knows thac che spiritual hea ofits

‘wisting labyrinth of tunnels undemeath Cairo, which are
known collectively as the Dream Cour.
Tn its early years, the court exercised whatever wa

ans were at its disposal; anything available was;
igent use yd

But the center of the court
alwaysthe Temple Head itself —the Sleeping Lot ofthe
Dream Court. The court's first incamation was built
around a large underground cave that became the
Methuselah's resting place after the Setites ousted its
previous inhabitants warren of primitive Nosferatu that
hhoulmade the mudky soil itscollective haven fran the sun
Soon thereafter, as aqueducts and cistems were intro
duced into the growing city, the Dream Court grew, As
airoabove expanded upward and catward,s0 tx di its
subterranean counterpart, swelling outward and dawn:
ward ata steady pace throughout the last thousand years
‘The court experienced its Largest and most recent expan-
sion with the advent of Cairo's extensive sewer system,

(Gaur Fe: Ud 2-Dhoe Stomaunc Coo

M5


whieh saw constant growth and modernization (through

Serite "assistance") during the last century
Ava result, the Dream Court of the Final Nights isa
massive und surreal strucnure — a maze constructed of
cxquils ports nightmare and dream, Walking within is
scanewhat akin (9 walking upan a carpet of aily snakes,
vet une cones othe cee, the me sel

ils of cos tol the ean displace-
‘nent isas overwhelmingas itis complete. The air takeson
aheauly consistency, filled with the hazy smoke of numer-
‘ous bratiery and censers, and the walls seem to shift and
ulate keily of their own accord. Distractions are plenti-

ful, as are the slaves, and the thin but pervasive smell of
blood drives va

-ome visitors) ro the brink of frenzy.

The coutt and every cursed thing within seems crafted for
tyrth madness and Dionysian excess

‘The oucer perimeter of this subterranean spiral has

suxracceda legion of twisted creaturesthat are drawn tothe

ia of the sleeping Maiden of Plagues. These

» resemble small, ditty pairs of feet placed

intrusion, Early in the 20th century, the Setite elder
Kahina developed a mystical means by which those who

hhelonged (or had been "invited"
sniffed our by these creatures; leaving those who were
protected unmolested in their travels to and from the
Dresstn Court. Since then, the two groups have existed in.
telutive harmony, delighting in one another's delicious
depravity

Acthecenterof this maddening spiral sitsthe Temple
Head of the Cairene Setites, called the Sleeping Lord by
some, the Maude of Plagues by others. Whatever the
entity's name 1s, the entity is the undeniable hub of all,
Setite attention in Cairo, and rightfully so. At well over
5000 years okt, it instills the proper amount of terrified
reverence within those who come to attend it at court
Many haye seen the crippling havoc thar the creature can,

thought. Allin attendance have come to

Iitmelf aed cae ris the ely ney ofall he Fakes
children, to receive this precious blessing. Ie is this last
notion, that gives the Caito temple its world-famous
moniker, filling all those in attendance ar the Dream
Court with both numbing fear and an \incontrollable
exeitement

In akltion tots inescapable aura of power, the Sleping
Lond has mde bled servants ofa handfl of an extinct animal
species — whispered tobe the los feline brssing stack of an
Exyptinn mbe of werocars. These sleek and powerful cestures,
rnumnberingsome two dessn (ll ae centuries old atleast), are

‘blood bound inthe Methuselah and they protect with their
tumaturilly prolonged ives Somesaythatthecrslangcresicas
swereagittothe Slecping Londtrom Sethimsclf—allhemere
reason why Caro' Serites give them an extremely wide berth,

As if age, power and reputation weren't enough
motivation for awe, the entity

‘enough tosend even the most
ageless, sexless, nearly formless mass of hlackish-yre

fleh, the Methusclas body (such as is) swarms with
unmentionables of every grucsome shape ans consis:
tency. Vanous ichors ooze ucross its scabrons hide, and i

Tue Reverie

Forcenturies, the Dream Cour subtly influenced
the minds and hearts of the eity's teeming populace
through the dreaming meditations of the Sleeping
Lord. Butafter the AssamiteeMer Ancauaacte o eal
the creature's maddening presence in the tunnels
below, new steps needed to be taken to ensure the
spread of the Temple Heads vision for the kine of
Cairo. Therefore, dhe Setivesof the Dicaun Cott have
‘brought the city tohim for the las cenitury-andla- hull

These Settes led stupefied mortals from the city
above into the arin of tunnels below, dere to askin
the unholy rulancect their Temple Head. Thisprocesis
refered thas "the Revere," an it isconsidned a highly
sscredreligiousrteamongtheSetitesof the Pron Court
Through this Reverie, the Setites of Cairo keep the
waking wotklabuye désractedlandacease, whiletheysick
the city's very life avy

Mortals chosen for the Reverie are treated with a
special combination of illicit pharmaceunicals and
‘Post-hypnoticsuggestions, then carefully placedaround
the lip of a-sunken poo! at the center of the maze of
underground tunnels, Upon a black dais in the center
‘ofthispooleststhe Sleeping Lordofthe Pkeam Court.
‘Only when the mortal in question has fully siccumbed
to the Methuselah's maddening presence is he then
returned to the city above,

While mortals raken thus do not remember the
details of their nocuumal activities, soene ite allowed
recall the experience in dreaims, wherein they see
whatever visions the Sleeping Lond has given to bring
hack with them. Most are taken at random, but sone
care targeted for capture for one reason or another.
"These individualsare typically chosen for theirknowl-
edge influenceorpesition inthe worldof the kine, and
theyate subjected to the Reverie many times over the
course of several months, At dhe end of this process
such mortals — called hrs — have los all sense of
personal awareness, becoming unwitting agents ofthe
Dream Coure in the bustling eity above

Coos Nor


belches noxious fumes from an unknown number of

hidden orifices. Should one be able to look ie the thing for

any length of dime, he would notice that

beyond all this, che creature appears to be meltng Its

has distended over time, and, although eyes 0

even fingers can be seen protruding from variousunsavory
the Sleeping Lord of the Dream Court resembles

THe Fe Court
Inresponse tothe advent.

Courr was established i ond millennium BC just
ar mexdern-tkiy Luxor. It wis
vet als fortress on. the front lines of the
hilder would work to undermine the
spell whose maius of effect began mere yards from their
wly erected temple. Although they failed w discover

high priestes.
One such visitor was the i
Trimisce elder and Noddis scholar who, during the 19th
nt master interrogator, Al
closely with one another over the centuries én tmitters
ingto the Riteof the still idole
«ally opposed. The Fite Court hasfore onghold
Typhomian way, are

the Fire Court don't wn
aversion to the Gio'
idher entourage have

great deal through Giovanni intercourse (and, on occa
Court wishes to foster the
n their city without at
fe Court remains unaware t
who strive to keep the
jovanni out of Cairo, but a force re terrifying.

(Formore on the Fire Court, ee Giovanni Chronicles
IM: The Sun Has Set.)

Tue Court of Dust xp Bont
many centuries, even the Followers of Set de
lined to brave the and wastes of the Western Desert,
Mortals (and, therefore, feeding) were scarce here, and
etites saw reason to erect an actual temple in a Set
aken spot amidst a sea of sand, Not many, but a few

Intheearly years of Christianity, atemple 1a Setar
in the Western Desert outside of Wadi Natnan. It was

(Game ats Uno 2D Soman Coro
ia


founded bya family of Typhonian fanatics descended from
an elder Setite who claimed to have "found the key to
unlocking the power of the Setite form." Through sorcery
andscholarship, these insularSerites strove rocome closer
tSer'swisdomand, thus, to Sethimself. Although itisthe
secon] youngestof Egype'smajoractive temples, thas still

seen constant use for almost two millennia, and it haxl
and leaning

becomen powerful center ofSetite mysticis

by the dawn of the modern era
Forcenturiesthe Courtof Dustand Bone remained an
aloof and uninvolved member of the Egyptian Secite
family, bearing aconstane (if quiet) distaste forits le and
hedonistic eousinsat the Dream Court. While the other
courts bickered over ideology and the mortal resources at
their disposal, the Setitesof Waa Narrun were contentto
vin iwoleted in quiet study. With the shattering of the
Rite ofthe Sun: in 1999, however, they were greeted
\withanunusual offerfrom their Typhonian brothersatthe

‘Court of Steel and Sky.
The Aswan Serites put it quite plainly: All they
desired was access to the substantial resources of Egypt's
city —something long denied them by the Serites
am Court, While the dreaming Methuselah was
‘incorpo and, therefore, in considerably weakened state,
the newly empowered sorcerers could erat a patent spell
twentrapthe Methuselah'sdreamingspisie while itroamed.
I they re successful, the Setite sorcerers coukl then
replace the trapped spieit with chat of one of their own. It
would simply be a matter of subsequently "reawakening"
the Maiden of a and beginning to influence
ty

their par, this pact would grant the
Woali Namun access valuable lore that haa been forbid-
den them forcenturies. including (ifthe rumorswere ree)
the location of Set himself. The added fact also existed
that the Court of Dustand Bone would be in control ofthe
Dream Court at the conclusion of their endeavor, the
Agwan Setites reminded, ifall went as planned. All that
‘would he expected in rerum was the right to operare

luncestricted within the city of Cairo thereafter.
Together, the Setitesof both camps began to work on
the spell thar would be expired to accomplish such an
send. The Court of Steel snd Sky submitted endless re-
eformof marerialsand othercosts,whiletheit
oncentratedon discovering the com:

work was finally
and focused all their power against the dreaming C
Methuselah, temporarily imprisoning its ancient essence
within a specially prepared canopic jar.

The spell as well as the scheme had been successful,
and the Setie sencerers were now ready to take the final
step and replace the spirit of one of theie own inside the

Methuselah's tortured form. All seemed to be going ve:
cconding to plan... chats, until the sudden and befidling
disappearance of the entire Court of Dust and Bone.
Several months ago, every bouy inside the wmple— each
Setitein attendance therein, aswell asevery mortal cults
— simply vanished. All that was left behind was the
ssmucture itself, and all its many inanimate treasures,
including the ensorcelled canopic jarcontaining the spirit
of the Maiden of Plagues.

‘With the temple's mystical wards no loner in effect
the entire structure suddenly became visible tothe nuked
eye for the first time in centuries, Soon enough, local
mortals happened upon the abandoned temple, resulting
in the notification of the Egyptian Antiquities Service
and, therefore, the Tremete of Cairo. Within a matter of
days the head of the chanery himself left the dusty hallsof
his museum to pursue this thrilling new find, The ensuing
socalled "dig" began promisinely. Dr. vor Auptholme
begansendingbockartifacrsfrom the Wadi Natur teaple,
labeling them in successive tsa new exhibitcalled the
ShenoudaCache. Shortly thereafter, however, allcontact
with the team ceased entirely, leaving the ‘Tremere of
Cairo concemed. According to the single report they
Ihave since acquired on the subject, every tnember of the
accompanying archeological team has vanished from the
site without a trace

Tue Countor Steet ann Suv

Egypt's southernmost stronghold sits on the site ofan
ancient temple where, according (o legend, Ser himself
‘once held court after being driven rom Lower Egypt. In its
<urrentincamation, however, the court itselfisthe young-
ext of Egypt's existing Secite temples. Unlike their
antiquated cousins to thenorth, the Setitesof As
welcomed the sweeping el
in the lasteentury. They strive wokeep th
pulse of emerging technologies in de new millennium,
aod they have struck up a tentative working relationship
with a cabal of like-minded Lupines who operate in and
around southem Egype. The Court of Steel and Sky al)
left behind a satellite temple in Abu Simbel which reports
con the activitiesof the surrounding Lupines as well asthe
numerous tribes of Bedouin that they have swom to
protect.

Their modemist outlook has also led them into
extensive dealings with mortal finance and development
agencies such as USAID and UNESCO, resulting most
famously in the construction of the Aswan High Dam,
‘Completed in 1970 after 18 years of work, the dam was
built to regulate the flow of the Nile and provide a
‘consistent water supply to the Egyptian people. Behind
this project, the Setites of Aswan have used the dam and
the resources it brings in todo their pare in the war against

used the


dam to cave significant water damage to many ancient
sites along the Nile in their efforts to con

the Rite of

they had been unable to locate the spel's
source, they reasoned thar they might be able to disrupt its
effects by corrupting whatever structure the rite was
housed in. Inone sich ease, thee ofthe High Dam
reservoirnecessitated che relocation of an entire temple at
Abu Simbel which otherwise would have
merged. The lifice was relocated blockby block w higher
ground, bur the dismameline wctssally conceal an ate
Tempe to unscal any existing spells thar the structure may
have maintained, However unsuccessful the atcempe wis,
th hel project is remembered to this night as a

‘of Setite power ind inlluence.

been

The Aswan Court is also the curent residence uf the
Nubian Kindred known as Jubsl is ti
Sultan Antonius — who works alongside the Seti
undermine the netivities of nes, Faller
his flight from Cairo in ¢ century, Jubal was
welcomed with open arms in Aswan, where be has acted
as Court Vizier ever since. He particularly loathes Prince
Mulhrar Bey, whom he blames for the death:
liege, and he has gleefully encouraged the biter rivalry
between the Court of Steel and Sky' and Carr's Dream
‘Count during his tenure as counsel to the Aswan Temple
Head. Irwa on the embitrered advisor's word thar the
decision was finally made to forge an alliance with the
Court of Dust and Bone against the Setites of Cairo,

his former

vere Ft: Uv Dav Soria Cano

oo)



{think the pomtis to make us despair... to remind is we are animal and ugly
—Father Merrin, The Exorcist

Despite the undeniable age' and power of Caito's send ripples throughouit the city, affect
active Kindred, some, yet dwarf their petty unlives with unlife with which they might come in con
the sheer weight of their existences. (Those who watch players may soon find their characte
from the shadows as the pawns of the Final Nights move being either subuly.guidad or hindered
themselves inexorably into place.) And, although these without ever knowing why, Those who
few figures typically keep to those same shadows, the — areable to digdeep enough into
potential weight of their actions is unmistakable. One find themselves eventually led to one or mote of the
‘overt move from some of those described herein would following remarkable individuals.

Aman S120 W DuseTa Hoey Host

151


ADALLAH, INCONNU MONTIOR OF CARO,
4th generation Cainite of indeterminate clan, sire
unknown
The Kindred who would come tobe known as Abxallats
was Embraced under peculiar cicumstances in Mesopotamia,
netin ulthe year AD, While ababy boy-child wa
sunt Jveph and Mary in far away Bethlehem, an
aged Kurdish shepherd was making his way along a lonely
tch af hill upon the pastures hehind his home. Sudklenly,

fromall around him the world began to shake, anda
of whiee moneda the
Time itself seemed to first slewwand then stop com
gure appeared to him, set against the backieop ofthe
meadow'sekditch glow
With a voice like boiling water aetoss ice, the shad-
owy being spoke, It knew of the state of the shepherd's
darling Mara, who even now began to enter labor in
ofthe birth of hisfirse child. The figure spoke
amily and of aline—the shepherd's own —and
ving both. Abdallah, the entity
of aline that would evencu
ally come to produce a man wh
Doorway," the last descendant,
whom all ofhis kind would
he entity further explained thar Abdallah would be
Iwought io "life everlasting," thar he may serve as the
ctemal monitor of this most important of prophecies, for
who better to sce the signs for what they are than the
mortal progenitor himself? The being told him he must
wait nd watch for three portents. Fit, ane of Abxla
line would appear, and he woul come to gr
the mortal reals ss both defender and uniter.
teingofthe*in-berween
arrive. He would comec

mit referred 10 as the
ii the one through
ste during the end

cull greontly (oul ineris) ciate
thoneaf

pritice thar the world would ever know. After the Em-
brace, the entity vanished back inte theswirling void from
which ithad come, leaving Abdallah as both ancest
heir to his newfound mission.

Forovera millennium, Abdallah wandered the M
yn. and growing ever

East, waiting for a hint of the

a ud focused on hus task I
seemed to Abdallah as ifthe Prophet spoke directly to him,
‘and he grew to see how his own missin fit seamlessly int
walked, and the individual spoken of in the prophecy would
ben Muslim of his line who was destined to act asthe door
to Heaven itself

‘Then, inthe late 12th century, cameamanof Abdallah'
line by the name of Salah "the Righteous." Salah al-Din, as
he came to be known, swept through the Middle East,
titelesaly defending his homeland fron the Crusading Fran}
When he arrived in Egypt, claiming its vist kingdom after
the death of the last Fatimid Caliph, he fulfilled his second
role in the prophecy as uniter, Abslallah knew that he had
found the one, soon following in his descenddant's footsteps
in making the City Triumphanchisnewhome. After Salah's
death, Abdallah began to wait for die second sign — lis
reappearance in the world of the undead,

Exactly two centuries after the mortal rise of Saladin,
vampire named Mukhtar Bey arrived at Antonius' coutt,
claiming no lineage and no line. When the Caitif easily
passed the sultan's tests of mertle, thereby becoming a full
member of the Venerue's entourage at court, Abdallah
knew that the second sign had rived. Mukhtar Bey
the vampiric reinearnati wasthe list
descendant of Abdiallah's line

During this time, Abdallah joined the ancient sect
known as the Inconnus, in the hope that by «oir so h
coulk! keep those who might know of the prophecy from
intesfcitng with ss fulfillment. Fle became thei Monitor
in Cairo, effectively marking the city as his own as fir as
the other elders were concemed

Butall was not well inthe sultan's court. Mukhtar Bey
wwas indeed growing to prominence, asthe prophecy hand
described that he would, bur he also seemed ta be growing
dangerously attached to the powerful Roman Ventrue 10
whom he had pledged his loyalty. Abdallah knew that, by
that rime, Antonius had fallen so far under Setire sway
himself, chat uch a fascination on the Caitif?s parr would
make him a de facto pawn of ites as well — which
was precisely the thing Abdallah wished to prevent, Fear

wt the presence of a blood oath (which would have

\cvented Mukhiar Bey from escaping his own plight)

bdallah began ta plot che removal of the antiquated
Venteue at last.

When the time came for Abdallah to puthisplan into
cffect, he did so operating through a revolutionary Lupine
named Ahmed Slips-the- Mirage. Most of the Kindred in
the city at char time knew of the rising Lupine insur
und Abdallah simply waited for the most opportune ti
to sitike, when tensions berween the (wo groups
peaked. The stratagem wasa masterstroke. Nor only did it


rid him of the infuriating sultan, but the resulting fury

aang the city's Kindred

presence would re
Unfortunately for Abdall

sured that Egypt's Lupine
for eenturies to come
V's dream, the assassina:
on was disastrously ill timed. He bad expected the
Lupine attack to bring out the best in his Caiciff "protégé"
—to give hum the opportunity to rise and grasp
greatness for which he had heen destined. But when
the palace grounds after ehe barde,
Bey wasnowhere tobe foun, Confused, Abdallah
withdrew to recalculate, and he has not emereed since.
Currently, the ancient Cainite waits for yet another
sign, a signal that all may nor be lst, and that the ime of
‘which the prophecy spoke may yet arrive. Abdallah fears
thar in acting too quickly during the Night of the Loog
Knives, and thus prematurely hastening utival of the
thirdsign, hesomehow foiled God'splan. He now watches
the movements of his protégé very closely, taking special
ithe return of the True Brujah warrior known as Al
|. He knows that the two have been engaging in
some kind of secret correspondence, and he feels that the
narure of chis intercourse is vitally relevane to his own
Ieliels Should Alvbllah discover the true purpose behind
their collusion, those beliefs may well shatter — alone
‘with what remains of his sanity

ANoPLIQUe, GUARDIANOF THE Necropott
4th generation Cappadacian, childe of Lazarus
The tecusive Methuselal who dwell in Sacpgara sone
‘ofthe most powerfl Kindred currently active in Egypt. She
was Embraced when the Cappadocia scholar known
Lazare fist moved to the land ofthe dead in the early years
of Chastimnty. According to legend, Lirants wandered the
eserr upon his arival in Eeypt, paying a visit to each of the
many new Coptic monasteries thac had begun to dot the
region, He came upon one particular monastery, finding an
unusual young wornan alone within. She was surrounded,
literally, with the decomposing bodies of the monastery's
nts: All had apparently died from some bizarre
all excepe the gil, who murmured softly to the
monks' remainsasthough they werestill capablect listening.
azamus knew that be had found his new home in
Egypt, and he Embraced the sickly looking girl on the spot,
ing ber the fist and only childe Emabraced during his
self-imposed exile. Lazarus entered torpor soon after, and
pledged herself tothe eternal service of both his
J his cthies. She remained in Saggara, a silent
throughout the centuries, while the neatby city
Cito grew to global prominence. Silent, that is, until
of the Giovanni.
ngelique contacted Mukhtie Bey through her opera-
tivesot choice the Lilim, who quiedy beought her concems
hrefore the Mameluke prince. Although he certainly bore no
love for che Giovanni, his had abvays been an open city,
it was not his place to summarily evicr them until such time
a they acted in.a manner unbecoming the Kindred ot his
‘Therelore, he politely refined the request, inviting the
extend to their matron all other resources at his
should she ever find need,

The response wasfor Angelique to make u necro
tic overture in the form of the grisly display known as the
danse macabre. She chose to endanger the Masquerile
with these uprisings of the dead, which also served to
cteate considerable unrest among the kine. Although he
was rarely one to buckle under such vulyar pressure, the
Prince recognized the power of the ancient Cappadoci
and he eventually capitulated after years of inctessingly
disturbing incidents.

A compror was reached whereby, if the current
family of Ghiberti Giovanni were to up and leave Cairo for
some reason, then further forays into Cairo by the clan
would be refused. That was the best the prince could do,
sind the rest was up to Angelique. In addition, he would
beep the Kindred of his domain away from the west b
‘of the Nue, particularly the vast necropols 3
between Giza and Saggura In exchange, she wou

‘overt disturbances, as welll as act to rein in the
‘significant popul f restless dead. She further prom
ised to keep the ficant
Bereta in the Underworld through her intermedi:
aries, the Lilie

‘Soon after, the Ghibertt who had been stationed near
the Nileside port met their ends in a mysterious fire, from
which only a single ghoul escaped to tell the tale. The
prince seized the chance provided him and crested

epandscampuign sound the indent, essing the

jovannt of endangering both the Masquerade and the
‘other Kindred who dwelt inthe area, Since that time, the
Giovanni remain the only clan to be unequivocally banned
from his eity —astance that continues to be supported by
the majority of Cairo's Kindred residents,

These nights, Angelique is busily preparinys herself fr
the return ofher sire, who begins to stir for his eons long
meditation even now. She alone knows the location of his
tomb, and she would take the secret to the grave and
beyond, if necessary. From his place of firful sleep, 1

‘Armen: Seances m Dare Tre Hocew Host

13


ha bejun to speak to her in waking dreams, making her
intuitively aware of what is to come and what preparations

ade. If her interpretations of these Visions are
cottect, his awakening will signal both a reconciliation of
the Harbingers of Skulls (known as the "Lazarenes") and
most terrible reckoning with the broed of one Augustus,
Giovanni, and she finds herself anticipating the arcival of
both with an almost childlike glee.

need to be

THe SLeepiNo Lorn, MAIDEN OF PLAGUES
Sth etieration Follower of Set, childe of the Scorpion

perl in the war against the north been
‘of the consequences of standing against the avenvging
‘of Ra, he may well have thought twice

ashe was, the Scorpion

which Sakhmer hel frightful potent dominion: pestilence.

Had the Scorpion King been victorious in his mighty
battle with the Eye of Ra, who knows what would have
occurred, When Sakhmet smote him into nothingness at
tact, however, she may ae well have danse lowe tall
those whom the Setite lord had ever sired, as all such
individuals were instantly and eternally subjected to her
wrath in the form of a terrible blood curse. One such
childe, a mere neonsare atthe time, was the very individual
who would row to hecome the Lord of the Dream Court
resting beneath the modem city of Cairo — a crearure
known ii the millenniabetween asthe Maiden of Plagues.

For centuries after its site's death, the cursed Sevite
sought simply to create childer of its own, that t¢ might
broaden its power base, All potential candidates in this

such was the power of Sakhmet's curse.
dof the Dream Court could not

propagate, it soon gave up on this endeavor, eventually

rng only to escape the tortured form that had become
its eternal prison, a form that grows weaker with each,
passin

(ure initially found thar by entering torpo
coulddclay the pestiential rot tharoverwhelmed itsonc

human body. Whenever it steps, thus putting the activity

J into stasis while refreshing its

mtitude, ic found that it could

more effectively. During sleep,

focused its energies toward the mystical subjugation of

net's cure, hoping to eventually bese the wretched

ngrther. Although it never accomplished theft,

itd find that when it awoke after such a meditation, it

could release all the energy it had thus contained without

fects on its person.

Although hundreds, and sands, suffered from

the periodic rise at the Pl rer time, the creacure

itself was spared, Eventually, however, its defenses would

break down and the eune would tke hold again, forcing
the accursed creature into torpor once mate
Recently — in the past couple of centuries or so—the
eyéles of torpor began to grow tory
waking activity growing shorter. The Methi
vision the time when it must forever

ep in onder to
mply preserve its existence. Realising, that ifter 40 many
mes around, the curse it had cluded forso long would finally

toclaim its dv, the Plague Lond knew despair

That is, until the appearance of the Herald,

The Methuselah seeks the Herald as a way out from.
t's terrible curse

«a top priority for those who attended it at the

now of her exierence believe
itl for her unbar child,

ss blood, Others sill believe

that she is che key fi ancicat Setite prophecy. Of

all the things that the appearance of the Herald might

foretell, che P

mest ce

np
trapped within the vessel known as

Neneru-Kuesi, rae Hears orJustice
The Undying Son of Horus

None of the undead in Cairo dares to venture intathe
Southern Cemetery in the Cities of the Dead, Even the
‘young Kindred know that something (or someone) dwells,
there with power beyond even their ordinary comprehen
sion, For years, Kindted who strayed too far into the
southern portion of the cemetery simply vanished. Mortal
agents sent fo investigate returned with no memories of
their experiences, and even Auspex has failed to reveal
what they may have encountered; the memories simply
aren't there to find, Although many vampires in Cairo are
concemed about the area, the Cities of the Dead are now

Caos Nor

134


home ro aver three million people, and they would make
viral feeding ground to any who could liberate them from,
what lurks within.

Those who are bold enough ro challenge the area,
however, may bein for more than they bargained for. The
loed of the Southern Cemetery isa venerable mummy —
fone of the first among the Shemay Hens. Long ago, in a
time the Reborn barely remembers, Set slew and Em
braced histruc love before his very eyes. The Antediluvian
spared him for reasons unknown (presumably because the
young Eeyprian mortal was beneath his vodlike notice)
Now, some seven millennia hence, Netjeru-Khemi wields

aneven Set could ever have envisioned.
centuries ofangerhaveonlyfurtherchafed
ichisfrail sanity, and he hascomne to see hitnselfasa judge
undead whom he believes violate ma'at (balance
ony) by their very existences. He knows many
ft including how and why the Setitesritualis
hearts. (He knows that they do this so
comes, their tainted soulecannotbe
eternity.) Therefore, Netjeru-
i has vowed to do what the sorts cannot, a
Judge and executioner to those who would d
their judgment

Forall his power, however, the embittered murimy has
‘aseeret of his own that tears at his soul, Time and hate have
wwishedawaiy the face and the name of histru
vibrant memories have fated, leaving only his feelings for

nd the frustration and pain of hisdiserace torment him
incessantly, More than anything, he wishes co find his lost
love and free her from her terrible curse— or co destroy the
that she has become. During his time in. the
Cities of the Dead, he has gothered several potent artifsets
and developed many secret powers in his drive to topple the

le power of Cairo's undead. He bas abilities fr
beyond those of moxtmummies, even tothe extent that most
‘would consider him the god of his own domain,

Netjeru-Khetni se
significance. The eldest

that this time is one of great
nong the undead will soon rise

age of darknessand terror wherein they hattle
inity. He
ns, Set will reveal himself

When he does

over the sole right to devour hin
t whe

and step forward to m.
Netjeru-Khemi will
hhas not been found by
judgment that the monster has eluded for 9 long. Ithe is
victorious in this, all the get of Caine will then
full measure of the wrath of the pode.

One way or
Caine is coming to.

nother, the time of the cursed get of
nd.

Hatsuepsut, Queen or Repose
‘The Undying Daughter of Horus

For over 3500 years, one among the Shemsu-He
a brave stand in the name of her father against the
of the Father of Lies. This Reborn, the only mortal worn
to have ever wom the crown of Pharaoh, scrved as the
undying key to the door ofthe Rite ofthe Sun Kirin all that
time. Although Queen Hatshepsut subjected herself to the
potent spell, ensuring that the kine of Egypt could never
again fully fall under Sette sway. shel sara tereile
Due to the taxing poner of the rite, Hatshepsut wi
to spend eternity asspinit, forbidden from ever agai
ing her mortal form. Those few who knew ofthe sacrifice
prumanty these others within the Shemsu-Hera
both humbled by her loyalty and indebted to

Indeed, because of the Queen of Repose, E
to become the province of the Shemsu-Hen
‘After Set slithered into the darkness some time during the
first century AD, the Shemsu-Heru experienced somethin
of arenaisance in their homeland —with the power of the

operating on the front lines no longer

felt confident:
ies following. n

area either on business or and they 1
greeted cordially and tended to by Harshepwur'suarduans
the Disciples of Anubis. Some even asked to visit the
sleeping queen, asthough she were a treasured monument or
place of pilgrimage. In a way, she had bec

During the Week of Nightn
occurred in the Underworld thi
stormof immense proportions —the first sich uphcaval i
over half-a-centuty, This toun drove Hacshepst's spirit
back into her body, violently reuniting the two after
centuries apart and, thus, waking her instantly. In so
doing, the mystical connection required to maintain the
King forever.

Hatshepsut now finds herself awake for the first rime in
millennia. The sole purpese for her existence has hecome
sudly and suddenly obsolete, leaving her plagued with feck
ingsOl gail confasonanddoubs, Abhough shchaswimexsd
the advancement civilization aver the years, she has
0 across the blurry haze of the Shroud, and she was

vastly unprepared to rejoin reality. The seimulanon alone
few been overwhelming, as if stepping from a sensory

ok

devotion.
pe wasable

however, events
precipitated spirit

‘Arrencne Seavons ms DustTrt Hovex Host

155


inva trance-like fugue, Although the Disciples do their best
Ish ee t her needs they are beginning to wood just how
shaken up the queer ately, there is
Lite hors: forre-invoking the precious Rite of the Sun King
(or even » modemized version thereof) until Harshepsu

ws her senses — something thar they are 1
cerrain will ever even occur,

Anu AL-INTIOAM, THE LIGHT BRINGER
Awakened Mortal, former Child of Osiris

When the Dar es-Salaam burned down in July of
1999, i¢ took with it many of the Children of Osiris'
Among these were the keys to maintaining maa,
which the Children used to stave off the rape
Within themselves. Ihe undisputed master of these secrets
wats the hend and founder of the House of Peace, himself

Iild of Osiris who was thought te have
perished in the mighty conflagration.
ring day in July, the m

Beautiful One hax een

not. The
om his meditation ir, Duat and,

his childer afters long a
own upan the

had flaunted the will of their progenitor, shredding his
legacy in a downward spiral of gradual surrender to the
Beaot, were consumed by Onin fa father
whose heart had broken by the betrayal of his own chil
dren, Those who remembered their place, however,
‘maintatning their precious humanity through both his
teachings and his precious gifts, were spared their
burning wrath.

Abwaal-tntiqam, being the most devour resident ofthe
House of Peace, was one such childe redeemed. Fittingly,

ithad been the former Child's utter devotion to peace that
ultimately spared him the agony ofa fiery Final Death, His,
unthinking adherence to the

his prog
‘urse of Caine from his,
ileanew. Rather than
cantly, however (he had long since outlived the
life span for which he had been intended), he
simply began to age normally from that point on. What's
more, he had full recollection of his considerable ti
one of the undead. Thi

single-handedly, if necessary. He views the rest of his
allotced life span (brief by way of comparison) as count
down — the ticking clock upon his newfound purpose.
the few short years that he has left, he will use all he

leamed in seven centuries of existence to ensure that
damned Chiller of Caine come toknowthe peace thatean
only be found in the utter annihilation of the Beast
Within. He knows finthand what awaits those who are
‘worthy, and he has vowed to show th

unlives in search of light shall know the judem

Lord, Asa vampire, Abual-Inrigam had been the ungu
dof a house of peace. As a mortal, he W

become the unforgiving hand of God,

The Light Bringer hasalready contacted the Sayyadiny af
the Dar el-Adil, and he is now making preparations to tke
Ins righteous fight to dhe foe. Should these il
confed cir endeavors, the Kindred of Cairo could
well be headed for one hell of a reckoning.


Ancients in an Ancient city

Older than both of the warring sects combined, Cairo sits
perched atop the Nile like a Pharaoh upon a throne, but all
is not well in the city. Ancient conspiracies play out nightly
while the Caitiff prince struggles with the resident Kindred's
issues of faith. Cairo hides a myriad of secrets — from itself
as well as its shadowy denizens.

cairo by Night includes:
* A complete setting for Vampire stories

® Story hooks appropriate for characters of any age or power
level

* Opportunities to make characters a vital part of undead
society in one of the world's oldest cities

4
