# File: Castles and Covenants.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Setting Book for Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade™

COVENANTS BS)

astles
( openiants

CASTLES BAS Ne NO

By Aldith Beltane, Gric Griffin, Phil Masters and Sian Kingstone

S>


= CASTLES
AND
- COVENANTS 2

Authors: Aldith Beltane, Eric Griffin, Phil Masters and
Sian Kingstone

Developer: Ian Lemke, with Phil Brucato

Editor: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Kent Burles, Eric Hotz, Jeff Laubenstein, Sean Murray,
Drew Tucker

Layout & Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Cover Art: William O'Connor

Front & Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

vy 735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
s SUTE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USK

GAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension
and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West,
Trinity, Crusade Lore, Castles and Covenants, The Book of Crafts and Dark Fantastic are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

Bonisagus, Diedne, Tytalus, Covenant, Quaesitoris, Mythic Europe, Faerie, Regio and Cult of Mercury are trademarks
of Atlas Games, are from the Ars Magica game and are used with permission. Ars Magica is a trademark of Atlas Games.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.


CASTLES aN J
AND LOK

COVENANTS a:

astles
( peniants

Cable of Contents |
mre, Black Moon 4 IN
8, Chapter]: Souls and Mortar 12 WH,
Chapter 1]: The Order of Reason 28 \
Chapter Il]: The Council of Nine 82. I)
ey Chapter IV: Independent Covenants 4, yj
Ys, ¢ ChapterV: Other Places of Note 128



BLACK MOON

cy

he gate to Hrossheim was no more than
a vague outline against the star-speckled
sky. Soon the moon would rise.

Mary Prior sat on the hillside oppo-
site the keep. Behind her, a cacophony
of night sounds rose from the forest of

Charnwood, but these were no more than whispers at the
edge of her senses. Her thoughts were focused on the keep
and on the girl who had passed beyond the gate into the

Mary breathed deeply. She could not rest. Ever since
Kestral and the unicorn had begun the next stage of their
journey, something had itched deep inside her.

Her wolf companion, Longshanks, paced the grass
beside her, his attention fixed on the keep. His eyes glowed
brightly, as if moonlight were trapped within them. When
Mary stood up, the wolf faced her and huffed through his
nostri

"Come on, boy," she said reluctantly, "it's over."
The wolf ba
"Longshanks,.I'm not staying here.all night."

‘ed away:

Still the wolf would not come to her.

"What is it?" Mary stepped forward, but as she ap-
proached, he backed further away, with his head lowered to
the ground. Her empathy with him allowed her to sense his
thoughts, which were full of fast-moving images, whose
edges blurred as one ran into the other.

By Sian Kingstone

"Slow down. Let me see what you see — please?"

An image of a swollen river surged through Mary's
mind. Longshanks whimpered.

"Are you hurt?"

The whimper became a whine, and Mary tried again to
catch her companion. But with each step she took, the wolf
went a little further.

She took several deep breaths and forced her mental
senses to plunge into Longshank's. His eyes seemed to pull
her to him. Somewhere inside her, the strange compulsion
to follow Kestral returned.

A voice rose and fell with the wind. "Help me!"

Someone was calling to Mary through Longshanks,
whose mind flashed images of a figure trapped in the river's
raging torrents, red hair tangled with weeds. It seemed like
Kestral, the girl who had come to return the unicorn to its
own world.

Mary stared into the wolf's moon-sparked eyes until it
oceurred to her what she must do. She shuddered. The
thought of that place...it would be like throwing herself into oS
asea, notknowing where itsdeepest bed might lie. Yet, part
of her yearned to explore the Otherworld.

Mary looked back at the wolfand again felt that strange
pull from his eyes. "Trust me," they seemed to urge. "Let me
guide you. Meld your soul with mine."

Still she hesitated.


CASTLES

IRR AND NES
ISRRERZ Z COVENANTS ——

In one leap, Longshanks crossed the short distance
between them. His head was a hair's width from her own,
his jaws parted just enough to bare the tips of his teeth. If he
wanted to, he could tear her open before she so much as
blinked. But in all the years he had been with her, he had
never given her cause to fear him. She had always trusted
him. Why should this be any different?

Her voice quivered as if all the air had been squeezed
from her lungs. "All right. I'll go."

Mary slowly reached outa trembling hand and touched
the wolf's moon-speckled fur. Her fingers reached deep into
his coat until she felt the skin beneath. And the sinew. And
the bone.

Mary gasped as Longshanks' body sucked her essence
inside him.

oon

Kestral had crossed over from Hrossheim. Itwas behind

Earth. She hoped it was her last visit. The place unnerved
her and always had. She was eager to climb to the next
realm up from here — the kingdom of air — from which she
hoped to ascend to the realm of fire, her natural element.
Kestral saw no good reason why she should include the
moon in this ascension. Air was thought, fire was action.
What other power did she need? The moon was weakness
and passivity; she was not a daydreamer.

The unicorn rested easily beside her, quite unaffected
by his surroundings. Or so it seemed. Kestral had no real way
of telling. Of course, the wolf-girl would know, but she was
on the other side of the gate.

A huge moon, the archetype of all moons, cast silvery
radiance over the land. The lake at Kestral's feet glittered
as if dusted with diamonds. A fine mist drifted across the
water toward her, a gossamer veil itself caught in the strange
luminescence. This realm was one of silver fire and shadows
wreathed in violet.

She stepped out onto a wooden jetty, the unicorn close
behind her. They waited. Presently, Kestral heard a rhyth-
mic slop and swish from somewhere ahead. She had thought
the ferry man might keep her waiting, but no, there was his
wide- bottomed boat, gliding out of the mists toward her.

The vessel came to rest alongside the jetty, seemingly
without any counterstrokes from the invisible crew. Its
single occupant stood at the prow, swathed in a hooded
cloak of thick gray wool which hid both head and hands. In
fact, Kestral was not entirely sure there was anyone inside
the cloak at all.

Once she and the unicorn were aboard, the boat moved
swiftly across the lake, covering the distance far faster than
Kestral would have thought possible. Patches of gray mist
swirled and billowed around her, an ethereal watcher come

to greet her. It was not one entity, she realized, but several.
Faceless silver wraiths oozed into the space beside her,
sliding and coiling their damp limbs about her. Kestral
stiffened and spent the rest of the journey with her fingers
digging into the wooden seat.

Gradually the mists drew back to reveal a small island:
Aewella, the source of the river and the heart of the Moon
Realm. A tower stood at its center, a giant tooth of ice
jutting up into a starlit sky.

At last they reached a rocky inlet, where steps hewn
from solid rock led the way up to the base of the tower.
Beyond its giant portals waited Dione, the queen of the
water kingdom, and her court. The doors swung open.

Aewella rang with the sound of running water and the
hypnotic drip of melting ice. The tower was melting, yet it
constantly rebuilt itself. The icy path sucked the warmth
from Kestral's feet, and for once she wished she had a pair
of boots. The numbness crept up her legs and wrapped itself
around her very core. She had always been able to rely on
the fire in her soul to sustain her, to drive her onward, but
if this place quenched it, she would be annihilated.

Dwell here much longer, Kestral thought, and I'll dissolve
into this realm. How she hated water.

As Kestral worked her way through the keep's corri-
dors, she saw air bubbles suspended in walls and hollows
where the bubbles had become exposed. Her way was lit by
miniature candles flickering from the natural alcoves. With |}
so much moisture in the air, she was amazed the candles
could burn at all. She found it hard to breathe, and tendrils
of wet hair clung to her face.

She stepped over a puddle and into the Great Hall.
Here spiral columns supported vaulted ceilings, but it was
hard to tell where roof ended and pillars began. In this
cavern was the pool into which the tower's meltwaters
flowed before seeping into the Moon Realm.

The unicorn had already left Kestral's side and now
approached pool, head bowed to drink from its cool waters.
His horn glittered in the candlelight.

Beyond the pool stood the throne of Aewella, carved
entirely from a single block of ice. A figure sat languidly on
that throne, her dark tresses tumbling over bare shoulders
to swirl at her feet. Around her neck hung a circlet of silver
studded with amethysts and moonstones. The ice lady
smoothed her diaphanous robes. The only welcome she
gave was a nod and a knowing smile.

Kestral stiffened her spine and braced herself in readi-
ness for the verbal battle she knew was to come. She wanted
this to end — now. "Well," she gestured awkwardly toward
the unicorn, "there he is."

"So I see," came Dione's soft, unhurried reply.

The queen spread her hands over the knuckles of ice
that formed the armrests of her throne. She paused, black


BLACK MOON =

pi

eyes fixed in intense study. It was several moments before
she spoke again. "Do you have the answer to my question,
the one I asked you the first time you came here?"

Kestral nodded and squirmed under the icy gaze.

"Well then, tell me: why are you here?"

"You sent me on a quest to find your unicorn."

"Yes. And before that?"

Kestral wiped damp hair from her eyes and frowned.
The answer was there, somewhere, but what if she got it
wrong? Panic flared inside her. "As part of my magickal
training, I should experience all the spheres of the Tree of
Life, but from Earth I went straight to Mugher, the kingdom
of air. The lords of that realm sent me back here and then
you sent me on a quest, which I have completed."

Still that knowing smile danced on the queen's lips.
"And what has the company of the unicorn taught you
about this realm? You have tried to use water in your magick
and failed. Doesn't that tell you something? Why are you
here?"

Kestral felt wrath crackle and spit within her. Yes, she
had made a mistake. She did not need be reminded of that.
If Dione had the power to see inside her, why couldn't she
just tell Kestral the answer? Frustration lashed against the
restraining bonds of fear and respect. The queen was like
this tower, a tower of unresponsive ice. A mortal had no
chance of moving her and would probably be crushed in the
attempt, even if that mortal were a witch. To make matters
worse, cold water dropped from the ceiling to slide down
Kestral's neck. She was cold, she was wet, and the air
clamped her head like a cider press. Was there anything else
this world could spew at her? It seemed there was.

"Well, child," the ice lady said, "if you have no answer,
perhaps you should stay here."

"But what else is there to learn? I know everything
about this place."

The queen raised a finely arched eyebrow, her face
suddenly somber. "You have learnt nothing at all, child."

Kestral's anger ignited. It raged through her like a blast
of hot air from a chimney. Child indeed! She wanted to
bring this whole castle down around that smug spirit's face.
If only she had something to throw.

Before she realized what she had done, a bolt of fire shot
from her hands. It hit the base of the throne, spluttered and
died almost immediately. Kestral stared, open-mouthed.

Dione did not flinch. She merely looked at Kestral as
if a slug had crawled into her court. "Your magick will not
work in Aewella." She waved her hand over Kestral. "And
now you cannot use it in Llun at all. Go. Do not return until
you have the answer."

A

Mary's head was low in the grass as she ran toward
Hrossheim. The scent of hares and deer stirred the juices in
her mouth, and her stomach growled in anticipation. Her
legs felt strong, powerful, and the land sped swiftly beneath
them. Wind whipped the fur on her back, both cooling and
sustaining her while she ran, ran, ran down the hill.

Longshanks' presence ran alongside her in the same \
body — his body — guiding and encouraging her. As the
wolf's heart pounded and his tendons strained, Mary shared
with him the sweet agony of being alive. This was what she
wanted to be, had always wanted to be, but it was a dream
she had never quite realized was there.

Inher mind, Mary saw herself running toward the keep,
then passing through the gate. She knew this was what
Longshanks wanted her to do.

Is Kestral in trouble? she asked.

As a wolf, Longshanks could not communicate with
words. Through the images he sent her, she realized that
Longshanks was a denizen of the realm beyond the gate, &
receptive to its echoes. At that moment, she saw herself at
the base of an old oak tree, looking up to the first branch
where a glowing moon swung from it like a wish-token
caught ina breeze. Other branches spun outward, each with
its own adornment, the topmost level carrying a pulsating
crown.

The Tree of Life, she thought, and Kestral has passed to
the next level from Earth, the realm of the moon.

Her mind cleared, and before her she saw the keep. This
is where I must go.

Atthe gate to the keep, Mary stopped, panting heavily.
The doors swung open, spilling bright light into her sensi-
tive eyes. Panic began to flood through her and she almost
fled, but Longshanks urged her onward.

She took a hesitant step over the threshold and braced
herself for the unknown.

What she found surprised her. It did not shock her;
neither did it fill her with fear. Hills of white sand stretched
before her while above them the moon shone brightly. It
was much stronger than the one over her home realm. After
all, as Longshanks told her, this was the kingdom of water.
The moon ruled everything here.

Ahead of her, the dunes gave way to hunched willows
and glittering pools. Beyond them, a lake stretched across |{
the horizon. A gargantuan column of ice stood at the
island's center.

Mary burst into a frantic run, twisting and turning and
leaping. She was free. And the water! As she reached the
willows, her eyes drank in the array of pools, streams, fine
mist and pelting rain. She relished them all and rolled in a
puddle, just for good measure. Here was a world in which
she truly belonged.

G

aero
\-/ iY

Ve


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

At the edge of a small pool, she stopped to slake her
thirst. As she bent her head, a white wolf, barely more than
a cub, stared back at her from the water. It seemed that
passing through the gate had changed her borrowed body.

Kestral's thoughts interrupted her, flashing impres-
sions of driftwood tossed by churning currents.

Under Longshanks' guidance, Mary angled left around
the base of a hill. He showed her an image of a girl with red
hair on the opposite side of silver plains.

She saw white hares and silver fish as she ran, and she
saw horses that flew in the boiling sky above, unicorns,
crayfish — and were those wolves she heard? The ground
sped beneath her feet.

They were indeed wolves — white wolves. She met
them on the far side ofa large lake, right at the brink of open
plains. She slowed, lest her arrival be construed as a chal-
lenge. When she was still some distance away, Longshanks
impelled her to stop.

The entire pack regarded her with curiosity. An old,
) gnarled male pushed his head forward as if to peer closer.
Evenat that distance, Mary could feel those intelligent eyes
boring into hers. The old wolf raised his snout, tested the
air. She wondered if he would set the pack on her. Could she
outrun it?

The moments stretched, until finally the old wolf
broke away.

Mary tensed as an inquisitive nose explored her lupine
body. She hoped the scent of her fear was not too strong. If
this creature chose to attack her, she had no doubt who
would win. She only had to look at the size of his claws to
see that. He was fearsome, despite his broken tooth.

Once the old wolf had completed his inspection, he
circled her once more. Finally, Broken Tooth came to a
stop, black eyes pinning her to the spot. Puzzlement rippled
out from him. "Who are you?" his twitching nostrils seemed
to inquire.

Mary froze. Then Longshanks created an image of a
she-wolf whose silvery-bright tail swished above her new-
born cubs, Mary in her borrowed body among them. She felt
the image spin out to Broken Tooth.

The old wolf regarded her for a moment, then bowed
his head, ears flattened. With that he made to rejoin the
pack, leaving Mary to follow.

As she approached the moon wolves, Mary sensed she
was among Longshanks' kin. He had come home at last. She
realized that just as humans might seek to climb the Tree,
so animals might seek human company on Earth.

eee

Chill misery coiled about her bones.

As soon as Kestral had left Aewella, the chase had
begun. No matter how hard she had tried to escape them,
the wolves had pressed her on across the open plains,
herding her away from the forest she sought. She had hoped

to locate a guide to help her solve the queen's ridiculous
tiddle, but the pack had steered her into the hills until she
had found sanctuary in a hollow in the rocks. They had
given her no chance at all. If it was not for her meager fire,
they would have been upon her by now, she was sure.

Kestral hunched herself against the wind's serpentine
touch and placed another branch on the fire. She was as far
into the back of the hollow asshe could comfortably get, but
still the elements tormented her. Outside, the sky boiled
with purple-edged clouds. It was raining again. A fine gray
drizzle drifted on a pervasive winter wind, both whispering
of more icy tendrils to come, perhaps even snow before
long.

The fire crackled and spat.

My protector, she thought, and yet it gives birth to the
darkness around me.

The queen had been true to her word. Kestral had no
magick to protect her, not even enough to create a spark in
the tinder she had hastily gathered. The piece of flint she
had used instead had been a lucky find along the way. How
she would have fared without that she dared not imagine.

For a moment she sat mesmerized as shadows and
flames twisted in their incestuous embrace. She wished the
fire would burn away the rain and stem the source of that
steady drip-drip somewhere in the cave. How she hated the
water of this place. It seeped through every fiber,
until it seemed to permeate her very soul. She
black pool swirling and swishing in her head, with those
treacherous waters drawing her to their edge. She was like
the bubbles of air in the ice lady's tower; trapped until the
water saw fit to release her. She ached to be free, to fly, to
soar through the air.

Her eyes snapped open. Her heart fluttered. All around
her drifted the siren song of wind and rain. How seductive
its magick — how corrupting. In an effort to ignore its call,
she let her eyes begin to roam the cave once more, scruti-
nizing every crack and crevice.

Ignore the water, she thought, and find a way out of here.

But there were no holes to climb through, no loose
rocks or stones to throw. She was burning the only weapons
she had, yet she needed the fire to keep the pack at bay. If
she listened quietly, perhaps she would hear claws scrab-
bling up the bank. At least she hoped she would, before the
fight actually began.

Kestral stared at the flames, praying that their fragile
light would not die, wondering what she would do once the
fuel was exhausted. She spread her hands out above the fire,
sinews taut. How small the human hand was, how feeble.
What damage could it possibly inflict on forest-hardened
tooth and claw?

Better to run and hide.

A hollow wail trailed a chill path across the plains,
followed by another and another. In the distance, perhaps


NOS OGDTCODr=| | BLACK MOON

4
from Aewella itself, came more answering cries. The moon
wolves were coming, and Kestral had nowhere else to run.

eee
at the night sky.

Her brechrenwere all around her. They had escorted
her to the foothills of Heahdun, where five more of their
kindred waited. Higher up in the rocks, a fire burned
brightly, invoking growls and snarls from the pack gath-

ered below. Their frenzy spawned a torrent of excitement
within her. There was another reason for her being there,
but it eluded her, for her blood now raged with the thrill
of the hunt.

When Broken Tooth encouraged them to howl again,
she threw her head back and emptied her lungs. She could
tell he was proud of Bright Tail's feisty cub.

Before long, the flames leapt higher and glowing cin-
ders littered the sky like black snow. A wave of fear washed
down the hillside, and the wolves drank it greedily.

Mary felt laughter flood each lupine heart. It amused
her, too. How could anyone be frightened of these beautiful
up at the fragile light among the
rocks. In her mind she saw a broken figure, fighting for air:
it was Kestral, and she was drowning. Mary's joy suddenly
turned to shame. This was not sport; this was cruel.

beasts? She cast her

Broken Tooth stepped up onto a boulder as if address-
ing the wolves of the moon. Mary could sense his disdain of
the red-haired woman in the images he projected. The
Queen of Aewella might tolerate the interloper, but he did
not intend to

The pack became even more excited at this, and the
howling began anew. They jostled round him with ears

pricked and tails erect, eager to climb the hill. This time,

however, Mary did not join in.

The old wolf waited for the uproar to die down. Despite
his apparent puzzlement at Mary's reserve, sparks of amuse-
ment danced in his eyes.

She raised herhead, Enough, she thought. Itwould take
courage to teach the girl what she needed to know, for Mary
e the wolves of Red Hair's
blac feelings and darkest fears. Mary senta final thought
to the old wolf: Step aside and let me show her

sensed that she and her kin w

The pack fell silent.

Skin and fur wrinkled around Broken Tooth's snout as
he bared his teeth. His response came as sharply as if he had
clipped her ears. How dare she challenge him!

Mary tensed. Longshanks wanted her to fight this
gnarled old wolf. Her legs quivered as she snarled. Her bond
was with Red Hair, and she would not let the moon wolves
hart her.

For sev:

instincts

al moments, the air crackled with ice as
shed. A deep growl rumbled in the old wolf's
throat. Hackles raised, he sprang toward her.


Sw

CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

Was that scrabbling? Kestral stiffened. This was no Mary stood up and went over to the mouth of the cave,
covert assault; something was charging up the hill and _ picking her way around the fire. Kestral followed but stayed

making a lot of noise about it, too.

The young witch grabbed a branch from the fire. The Outside, the landscape was bathed in a silvery glow
attack had come a lot sooner than she had expected. She _ now that the clouds had cleared, as ephemeral as a picture
had thought they might leave it until the fire had died painted with half-closed eyes. Shadows were softened,
down. Gripping the burning brand tightly, Kestral pushed _ edges blurred; its beauty was strange, compelling.
herself into the back of the cave and made sure she still had Kestral followed the wolf-girl's gaze upward to where
room to move. With the fire between herself and the the Moon hung, pregnant with power. She was ensnared at
entrance, she might just fight them off — for a while. once. Something foul stirred within her, an undercurrent

Ifshe had the use of her magick, of course, itwouldhave _ that made her skin prickle. The moonlight increased in
been a different matter. A few bolts of flame directed at the _ intensity until dark spots swam before her eyes. Then the
pack would have dispersed it long ago. As it was, she could spots began to merge, thickening and darkening until a
hardly think for the sound of water rushing through her black moon loomed over her.
head. Kestral swallowed hard. She wondered if the queen As the moon swelled, so the nauseating tide rose inside

had known this would happen.

A scuffle near the entrance made her heart stutter. A down, down, away from light, away from air; down until all
white shape leapt out of the gloom and into her sanctuary. _ she felt was water, crushing, twisting; down until her eyes
ce In the next bound it cleared the fire.

Too slow to evade it, Kestral threw her arms over her down until she thought there was no up.
eyes just before the creature landed on her. Her head hit the You're nothing, the fetid water seemed to whisper. Why

ground with a sickening thud.

The weight of the beast pressed against her, on her Then, just as she thought she had expelled her last
chest now. Sharp claws dug through her clothesasitleaned _ breath, she saw the silvery moon above her, glowing brightly
closer. Kestral was acutely aware of its bloody breath on her once more. With a final, desperate effort, she kicked for the
face, of its long, red-stained teeth. A white wolf peered _ light — now she wanted to reach it, to grasp her salvation.
down at her, tongue lolling to one side as it panted heavily. She opened her eyes and gasped for air. A river of

Images rushed through Kestral's mind, too fast for her _ feelings swept through her, clear water this time. She let it
to follow. Then the pictures slowed, and she sawa girland _ take her where it would, feeling it cleanse her of the dark
a wolf melding into one. A rough tongue licked her face. _ waters and stream from her eyes. When it had finally ebbed

"Mary?" she whispered incredulously.

As her head cleared, she noticed a cut just above the Kestral wiped her eyes. She hadn't cried since she was
animal's snout. Blood oozed from another wound and torn a child. When her sight returned to normal, she realized
flesh hung loosely near her left eye. A trail of scratches and that she was not alone. Wolves watched her from just
bite marks drew Kestral's eyes down the wolf-girl's body. outside, with Mary close behind, herding them in.

More flashes came: two wolves snarling, fangs bared, Instinctively, Kestral ran to the back of the cave, but
claws steeped in blood; one wolf standing, the blood of the not from fear. Alll she could think of was water. There, ina
other tainting her throat; the pack baying in exultation. _ deep recess she had somehow missed before, was the source

It was Mary, Kestral was sure of it. Frantically she of the dripping sound that had so tormented her. Meltwa-
grabbed the wolf's thick fur and hung on as if it were the __ tes tan through a crack to land in a small pool in the rock.
only thing keeping her afloat. Mary, help me! her mind With cupped hands she drew from its depths. Again and

pleaded.

And another picture came: a fiery bird arcing toward

the moon.
Yes! Yes, that's me!

In the next instant, the bird plunged from the skies. Its
fragile body hit the surface of a pool, right through the
center of the moon's reflection. Like the flames around the

bird, the picture faded and died.

Kestral frowned. The wolf-girl was trying to tell her

something, but what?

just inside.

her. She closed her eyes. Stagnant waters dragged her down,

strained in their sockets, her ears buzzed, her ribcage creaked;

fight it? You belong in the sludge at the bottom.

away, she felt as if all the poison had been flushed out of her.

again she tossed water at the fire until the branches hissed
and sizzled. What flames she had not quenched she stamped
out. Part of her felt strangely relieved at that — elevated,
purged.

Without hesitation, the wolves entered the hollow. As
she bent down to greet them, Kestral realized that she no
longer feared them. Yes, she had threatened to dominate
them with her fire, but she knew these creatures were no
threat to her now that she had dampened the flames herself.

Old and young wolves alike whined, nuzzling each
other out of the way to sniff and lick her face. What


BLACK MOON

wonderful creatures, she thought. She stroked them and
hugged Mary close to hersHer tears mingled withthe wolf-
girl's blood as she felt the strength of the bond between
them. An answering rumble vibrated in Mary's throat.

The truth had been inside Kestral all. along: before
reason came instinct. All she had to do was reach out with
acompassionate heart. Only then came true knowledgeand
understanding.

The queen would let her go, she knew it. Freedom,
however, did not seem that important anymore. Right
then, she had something else she wanted to do.

The silver moon still hung overhead. Kestral lay down (f
on the grass where its healing rays could reach her. Her
heart was full, with pure waters this time.

The wolf-girl-trotted over and.curled up beside the
witch, her fangs catching the light as she yawned. Kestral
placed an arm over her, grateful for the warmth the wolf's
body lent to hers. As sleep began to take her, she smiled.
The next world could wait a while. Knowledge was a prize
worth seeking, but to feel whole was glorious.


SS

=

Bri reba (Cee
bein nacsng iid Zag SE

TOR A

}
Lal Nett BSI INIG Lae Sedo é:: ‘
alesse

=

Un LA Es

Ay


CHAPTER I:
SOULS AND
MORTAR

people."

ithout the folk who build it, garrison it,
and conspire to batter down its walls, a
castle is simply an artfully arranged pile
of rocks. Without a treasurer to count its
gold, and knowledge of routes and laws,

a trading house is nothing but a family

Jovenant consists of people as well as:

home. Likewise, a

buildings.

The magick-working inhabitants of a chantry or lodge
constitute a Covenant. Before we describe specific places
scattered across the magickal world, let's discuss a few
elements that make a Covenant what it is. Covenants take
many forms, and the ever-changing Renaissance is creating
more. However, some broad rules of thumb apply.

Cabals

All Covenants are made up of cabals (also known as
"covens" and "khanaqahs"), although the smallest may
have just one cabal which is the Covenant. A cabal is a
small group of mages with shared goals and concerns; one of
less than three is rarely taken seriously, and one of more
than seven or eight, ten at most, is usually too fractious and
cumbersome not to subdivide. Effective cabals compensate
for each other's weaknesses and know how to use each
other's strengths.

Cabals come together by mutual agreement, through
chance and friendship, although some more authoritarian

"All these things considered then, I shall praise him who
builds fortresses as well as him who does not, and I shall blame
whoever, trusting in them, cares little about being hated by the

— Niccolo Machiavelli, The Prince

Traditions and Conventions assign members to work in
groups. At this date, the majority of cabals are, in fact, made
up of mages of a single Tradition or Convention, although
some of the most successful and forward-looking groups
cross such boundaries, merging varied talents.
Infernalists, too, have their cabals (and their Cov- 4
enants, of a warped sort, the strongholds sometimes being
called "labyrinths") — mostly violent and vicious cliques,
forged by greed or hatred and held together by fear and
brutal discipline. Marauds seem too mad to sustain any sort
of organization, but some share a specific madness and may
share a home. The Disparate are scattered and unorganized

by definition, although some join together in small groups
with common purposes.

Forms

A Covenant has a form and serves a function. Both
may be flexible, but without some kind of organization and
manner of goal, few Covenants last long. Mages are a \\
strong-willed lot, else they would not be mages, and they
rarely hold together without a good reason.

There are three models for the formation of self-
contained communities come down from the European
Middle Ages: the monastery, the castle household (or
garrison), and the college. To these, the new era is adding
a fourth — the trading house. These categories are far from
exclusive; for example, most European and Islamic colleges


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS =

)

ZZ
We)

——

< =
————
SS

and universities are religious foundations that partake of
the nature of the monastery. Similarly, some Gabrielites
(especially the Knights Templar) are warrior-monks, whose
castle garrisons are run as religious houses. Even trading
houses have inherited forms and titles from the domestic
life of the castle.

The monastery is a community built (supposedly) on
faith and shared dedication. In times of darkness, such
communities keep the fire of knowledge burning. In times
of ease, they train servants of the Church. In theory,
inhabitants have simple lives. If the monastery has substan-
tial holdings (and many do), that ensures a full treasury to
be used for the good of all. Bound by vows and rules,
monasteries are overseen by abbots or priors. Beneath this
leadership are simple and strict hierarchies. Monasteries
tend to be restricted to a single sex; in Europe, the female
versions are known as convents.

(Unfortunately, in this era, many monasteries are
corrupt, exploiting their accumulated wealth for the plea-
sure of decadent monks. It is a major scandal that leads to
the Reformation in a few decades.)

Castles are occupied by the household of a noble or
military commander, along with military forces. They rule
surrounding communities in times of peace and fight wars
when necessary. At this time, even royal courts are espe-
cially strong and intricate castle-households (although
there are already signs of the growing sophistication and
centralization that lead through the Sun King courts of the
Enlightenment to the governments of the 20th century).
Such households are inevitably hierarchical, with absolute
leaders, but the subdivision by function makes for some
subtlety.

Colleges are communities of scholars, sharing resources
and knowledge. As such, they tend to be gatherings of
equals, and they seem almost democratic, with leaders
being determined by voting or consensus. (Obviously, such
democracy is limited to those for whom the college exists.
Servants are there to serve, not to vote. Even students are
assumed to have not yet proven their worthiness to speak in
council.) However, there are always the strong and the
weak, the manipulative and the disinterested. Collegiate
politics are vicious, even deadly — especially among the
Awakened.

The trading house is, like the noble's castle, a domestic
household at heart. But it exists, not to rule and fight, but
to buy and sell. Still, it resembles an extended family more
closely than the great limited-liability corporations that are
still four centuries in the future. The merchant family must
acknowledge a patriarch (or matriarch — successful mer-
chants may not let prejudice blind them to profitable
talents) but they usually seek consensus over major deci-
sions. And junior traders may be granted the chance to


CHAPTERI:

SOULS AND
: MORTAR

prove theirskills (or lack thereof) with their personal funds.
Non-family members are in a more precarious position, but
proven skill can earn an employee a safe place. Many
families adopt such good servants, formally or informally, or
bind them by marriage to a lesser family member.

In addition to these four, there are many less formal or
more specific groupings, from outlaw bands to trade broth-
erhoods. In the world of magick, there are covens (especially
among the Verbena), which are tight groups bound by
shared skills, dreams and rituals. But for a Covenant to be
accepted without too much comment from the common
world, it should present the facade of something more
familiar, which means following one of these patterns.

Functions

A Covenant may be defined by its goal (and hence, its
function), rather than its form. Goals are more essential
than patterns of organization, but they are also easier to
change. Here are a few important categories.

War Covenants: Some Covenants exist for one pur-
pose. This purpose is usually violent, and fighting a war is
the most intense of all. Some are alliances of one or two
cabals that are forged to destroy a specific foe and broken up
within a few years, when they either achieve their goal or
burn out with the intensity of their fury. Others, especially
within the Daedaleans, are strong and enduring armies —
outpost fortresses in the war for human souls. Their strong-
holds reflect their warrior nature, taking the form of castles
— although some hide beneath less obvious shells (the
better to surprise their opponents). War chantries possess
excellent weaponry, but they may be more limited in other
resources. Their forms tend to be that of a garrison castle, or
a monastery.

College Covenants: Reflecting a more traditional and
peaceable conception of magick, the College Covenant
exists to study and to teach. All Covenants are capable of
teaching the newly Awakened, of course, and most do —
"but only very few are organized as full-scale universities of
magick. Smaller examples are hidden within the chaotic,
mundane universities of the age. Disguised as "student
houses," they have the perennial problem of hiding their
nature from towns full of curious Sleepers and formalistic
university authorities. It is rumored that schools of magickal
arts are more common in the East, where mysticks can
found colleges in remote mountain areas without attracting
so much attention. A handful of powerful scholastic mages
have allegedly shifted their universities off to other Realms,
such as the legendary School of Ghenrojok in the Kingdom
of Styrkar.

College Covenants are run by scholastic, formalistic
factions such as the Order of Hermes or the Celestial

Masters. They produce knowledgeable, doctrinaire gradu-
ates mainly through years of intense and formal teaching.

Exploration Covenants: With much of the focus of a
War Covenant but less violent, the Exploration Covenant
exists as a base from which metaphysical (or even mun-
dane) explorers may set out to map the new worlds of the |
Renaissance. As physical journeys of exploration take
months, even years, the Covenant serves asa home port and
as a source of finance. Alternatively, mages who send their
astral forms forth in search of arcane knowledge may just
require somewhere safe in which to leave their fleshly forms
for a few hours at a time.

The greatest Exploration Covenants tend to belong to
the Order of Reason —especially to the Void Seekers (who
often work out of trading houses in mercantile cities), and
to the Celestial Masters (who favor secretive scholastic
houses). Nonetheless, some members of the Traditions are
unwilling to give their enemies complete dominance, lead-
ing to bizarre communities of exile Dreamspeakers, E>
star-gazing Hermetics, and Chakravanti and Seers of
Chronos, who even look beyond the barriers of time and ©
death.

Ancient Covenants: In some Covenants, the domi-
nant force is sheer habit or tradition. Such groups continue
to exist because they have existed for a long time, and
change seems pointless, which does not make them futile,
for they provide shelter, training, companionship and ideas.
Furthermore, they may acquire temporary or permanent
objectives if sufficiently provoked (into warfare) or inspired
(intoresearch). Many Tradition chantries, especially among
the Hermetics, Batini, and Akashics, fall into this category.
Ancient chantries are invariably dominated by a single
Tradition or Convention. They are often respected but
tend to be inflexible.

Arelated category is that of the Hereditary Covenants,
which are family groups. Some families raise their offspring
in the ways of magick and remain together in the family
home. Verbena are prone to do this act, and some strange
families among the Chakravanti also exist.

Vagrant Covenants: A Covenant without a source of
Quintessence or at least one Magister or Resplendent, and
one without a fixed base, is dismissed by other mages as
"Vagrant" and regarded with suspicion. In a society that
still retains many of the attitudes of feudalism, the masterless
wanderer, who is bound to no land is not a respected figure.
Nor do some such Covenants do much to allay such fears,
having the habit of raiding Crays for Quintessence, irre-
spective of the feelings of the mages (or shapeshifters, or
whatever) who may be in residence. At best, Vagrant
Covenants are regarded as useful pawns and mercenaries in
the wizard wars. Their varied talents and enforced unity in
the face of a hostile world make such Covenants dangerous


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

enemies, for they may transcend their lowly origins. Typi-
cally independent-minded characters may end up forming
a Vagrant Covenant.

Crays

Mages have many important uses for Quintessence,
and those who have settled down for research or warfare
have a huge need for it. Thus, any Covenant worthy of the
name spends considerable time and effort in pursuit of
sources. Furthermore, scholarly mages have many other
interests in Crays, which make research into the Umbra,
Otherworlds and Paths of the Wyck so much easier.

The only problem — aside from the eternal struggle
that ensues for control of every such site — is that Crays are
so often associated with undesirable effects, such as
Shallowings. (Crays are also known by many other names,
including Wells, Wellsprings, World-Hearths, Great Caul-
drons, Sources, Caerns (especially among the shapeshifters),
and Places of Power. Being able to enter the Otherworlds at
whim is very interesting, but it is a nuisance to have grog
servants forever becoming lost in the Umbra. Some Crays
are on haunted sites, which is especially unnerving. True
mages are assumed to transcend the fear of mortality, but
only Dreamspeakers and Chakravanti are comfortable when
surrounded by manifestations of the unquiet dead.

Covenants may trade or share access to Crays, but the
price demanded for use of such a resource is high and can
lead to the sort of Faustian bargains that give mages a bad
name among Sleepers. The politics that surround discover-
ies of new Quintessence sources are notoriously subtle and
vicious, especially within the Order of Hermes, which
assumes that it has sole rights to such power in Europe. The
Order of Reason, while more orderly in its internal arrange-
ments, is jealous of the Hermetics' many Places of Power,
and Daedalean assaults on Tradition strongholds are in-
spired less by distaste for arrogant wizards than by a desire
for Quintessence.

Still, it is possible for a Covenant to rise to reasonable
power without its own Cray. It is only in future centuries,
with magick becoming rarer and thinner in the world, and
with the Order of Reason closing off more and more sources,
that mages will begin to define their social groups by their
access to Quintessence — and think of their conflicts
purely in terms of fights for "Nodes."

The majority of Covenants exist purely in the Com-
mon World. It will take centuries of persecution by the
Order of Reason and by the establishment of a materialist
paradigm in the minds of Sleepers to drive Covenants that
can set up headquarters in the Otherworlds.

Nonetheless, the process has started. Doissetep has fled
its enemies. Horizon has been founded. Even the Daedaleans
have their safe haven of Perseus Sanctum. There are others
A problem is that Realm creation is a hard task, and many
of the Awakened consider it Promethean in its hubris.
Some predict that whole Realms are to suffer the fate of
Icarus.

An artificial Realm requires a continual supply of
Quintessence, and so the Covenant must control one or
more substantial Crays — with all that implies. And unless
the Realm is somehow directly adjacent to the Cray, or the
mages are prepared to make regular (and dangerous) "sup-
ply journeys," it must be linked so that the Quintessence
flows smoothly to the Realm. Some otherworldly chantries
and lodges draw on Crays, which they must guard more @
strenuously than their lives (because loss of one annihilates
the Realm); others use smaller sources, forcing them to
divide their defensive forces.

The actual creation of a Realm is a feat that taxes even
an Oracle; Storytellers should restrict such achievements to
Storyteller characters. It takes months or years of effort and
at least one major ritual involving high levels of Matter,
Forces, Prime, and Spirit Spheres. There may also be small
diversions along the way, such as the founders of Horizon's
battle with a demigod. (Different Traditions and Conven-
tions take different approaches.) Then, when that is done,
the cabals can set down to the relatively easy task of popu-
lating the Realm and defending it against the avaricious
powers that swiftly become aware of this desirable new

estate.

Even if they do not engage in such labors themselves,
characters may visit Realm-based Covenants during the
course of their travels. In that case, an important principle
to understand is Resonance. The nature of the Realm and
its creators and inhabitants tend to reflect each other, and
to grow closer over time. The stronger the personality of the
sorcerers or the atmosphere of the Realm, the stronger the
influence. (And if both are similar already, each makes the
other increasingly like a parody of itself.) Even Crays
influence those nearby, although this whole business is not
universal. Some mages seem immune to their surroundings
and incapable of influencing it (a subject on which several
theories are formulated). But the general power of reso-

nance is impossible to deny. Short-tempered mages create
stormy Realms where the sphere of Forces is strong. Lush
green Realms render their inhabitants healthy, but inca-
pable of cool-headed planning and disinterested in the arts
of civilization. Verbena murmur that "all ye do returns
threefold," but other mages prefer more analytical ap-
proaches. Neither system really explains resonance,
however, beyond the level of generalities.


am (

= CHAPTER I:
SOULS AND
2 MORTAR

How Covenants
Come to Be

ovenants may form, and found chantries
or lodges forall manner of reasons: friend-
ship, shared adversity, calculated profit,
orders from above, and others. Although
notall such groupings are strong enough
to stand the test of time, a young Cov-
enantis well-tested in the first days. Aside from the cynicism
of superiors, the threat of enemies seeking to break a still-
weak alliance, and the annoyance of personal mannerisms
exposed by new proximity, there is the stress and labor of
finding a suitable home.

A site with access to a powerful Cray is naturally
preferred. Some Traditions and Conventions respond to
the discovery of a previously unknown and remote Cray by
forming a new Covenant to guard it (and exploit it). Other
groups form of necessity when a new Realm is carved out of
the Horizon, or they set out to test a fresh conception of a
suitable site (such as the undersea experiment of Eska).
However, with the laws of feudalism still being much to be
reckoned with, and un-Awakened folk being suspicious of
those who lack a place to stand, cabals and lodges are
grateful to find any home they can, however inauspicious in
location.

Some mages, or their allies or sponsors, are wealthy or
aristocratic, which ensures that they possess a good patch of
land — and few kings are powerful or meddlesome enough
to pass laws governing what may be done with a lord's
property. Thus, many Covenants meet in castles, manors,
or palaces. Those of a more religious bent use abbeys or
monasteries, although the Church asks what they are being
used for.

Having found and laid claim to a location — or more
than one, for the most powerful or ambitious — a Covenant
must ensure that it has adequate resources to form a commu-
nity. The management of mundane resources requires skills
not necessarily taught to mages; a wise Covenant acquires
competent seneschals and constables who can deal with
day-to-day arrangements. The creation of a true commu-
nity must be accomplished by the mages themselves, and is
often the point at which a grouping of vain, hubristic and
bizarre characters destroys itself.

Protocols

Organized and experienced fellowships have ways
around this problem. The Order of Hermes has been form-
ing durable Covenants for centuries, despite its members'
commitment to personal power, while religious folk draw
on the experience of the monastic orders. The solution is a

member, weak or strong. The Hermetics refer to such
documents as "protocols," and other factions have bor-
rowed the term, although Gabrielites and some prefer to
refer to their rules in the monastic style.

The creation of protocols is a tempestuous process,
despite all the precedents. Groups that work entirely on
friendship or terror must forever be rearranging themselves
— although Infernalist labyrinths are notoriously well-
disciplined on the model of the wolf-pack (only bloodier
than any wolves would tolerate). Protocols also incorporate
large general sets of rules, such as the Code of Hermes or the
Compact of Callias.

A workable set of protocols defines a system of resolv-
ing disputes between members. Usually, it comes down to
the judgment of a leading figure or council, with Certamen
duels as a last resort. Highly disciplined groups, such as the
military arm of the Gabrielites, simply hold a commander's
word as law. Magick offers alternatives; a group of &
Dreamspeakers may place major issues before the judgment
of revered spirits, while a powerful alliance of Seers of
Chronos is able to peer into the mists of time to determine
the best resolution to an issue!

Of Buildings

eauty will result from the form and corre-
spondence of the whole, with respect to the
several parts, of the parts with respect to
each other, and of these again to the whole;
, that the structure may appear an entire and
&S} complete body, wherein each member agrees
with the other, and all necessary to compose what you intended
to form."

— Andrea Palladio, Architecture

A Covenant that purchases or inherits an existing
building may have little direct influence over the shape of
its home, but few mages can resist a little re-emaking. Most
make a considerable effort to ensure that their house is as
they wish it to be. Resonance ensures that a Covenant
building suits the nature of its inhabitants — one way or
another.

Architecture

In magick, both symbolism and the beliefs of people
around the magick-worker are immensely important. Hence,
the physical design of a chantry or lodge is more than
matters of budget and convenience. This situation is espe-
cially true for High Artisans and Craftmasons, who draw on
"Masonic" traditions and dream of building a Temple of
Reason. Among the Nine, the Hermetics have similar
respect for symbolic structure, the Choristers send their


CASTLES

Game Considerations

The straightforward way that characters become
involved in a Covenant is that the group becomes
one cabal within a chantry or lodge. Members are -
invited to join an existing Covenant that needs
greater strength, or they build a new body from the
ground up.

The latter approach is perhaps most satisfying,
but it tends to make the creation and development of
the Covenant into the dominant theme of the cam- -
paign. A storyteller who wants to involve the group
in world-spanning quests might find the results frus-
trating. In the 15th century, long-distance travel
takes weeks, even for most mages. Void Seeker trav-
eling lodges aside, this method makes it largely
incompatible with dedicated home-building. (Of
course, it makes a Void Seeker chronicle interesting,
as it combines community-building with travel.) In-
volving the characters with an existing group leaves
them with more free time, but it puts them in danger
of becoming the pawns of more powerful, older ca-
bals. Players feel that their characters are unimportant
in the stories unfolding around them.

On the other hand, any Covenant that acquires
the respect of other mages needs more than the
strength of a single cabal —and even if the Covenant
is to be created from scratch, the Storyteller must
create a large number of "ally" Storyteller characters,
with their own personalities and motivations. Per-
haps respect is not very important; the players may be
content to be seen as a mere Vagrant Covenant, and
to earn every ounce of respect by hard work, while
enjoying the freedom of independence.

There is no right answer. The Storyteller must
determine what players will be happiest with, by
asking them or by offering them choices in play.

voices echoing up through the vast spaces of their beloved
cathedrals, and the Ahl-i-Batin, masters of mathematics
and space, number many talented architects among their
shaykhs.

Paradoxically, Daedalean buildings hark to the past or
foreshadow the futtire, whilé those built for membersof the
Traditions follow unremarkable styles of the present. The
Craftmasons are prone to ostentatious humbleness in what
they build, while the Gabrielites are warriors (among other
things) and often occupy stern and rugged castles. High
Guildsmen and Celestial Masters, by contrast, prefer the
airy, elegant "Classical" style, which is growing in impor-
tance in Italy, and which is to sweep Europe in a few years.

Some people believe that castles are no longer of any
military value. Gunpowder is taking control of the battle-

field, and surely cannons can bring down any stone wall.
And yet, Sleepers and Craftmasons still build castles, al-
though not quite as many as a few centuries ago.

The reason is that stone walls resist cannons pretty
well, as Artificers have scrupulously tested. Some hold that
castles can hold off months of siege for centuries. Fortifica-
tions are falling out of favor with Sleepers because armies
are growing larger and more professional, while wars are
becoming longer. Castles are less significant in the great
scheme of things. Matters are decided on the open field of
battle. Once one army controls the land, any fortress can be
starved out at leisure, its garrison being too small to pose a
threat by sallying forth.

To mages, however, these changes are less important.
The Sorcerers' Crusade is being fought by small fore
(albeit powerful), and a castle can still hold a significant
number of such combatants. Magick provides ways of de-
feating stone walls undreamed by mundane generals — but
what magick can surpass, magick can reinforce. The wizard's
tower is a mighty keep indeed.

Then again, it need not look the part unless the wizard
is a warrior through and through. Military buildings are so
tiresomely blatant, which is an added advantage of avoiding
excessive Sleeper attention. Many kingdoms have laws
governing crenellation, which is the process of fortifying a
building. A trusted lord might be permitted to crenellate his
own fortress — although he may be charged a license fee, as
royal treasurers are always looking for new sources of funds.
But unknown or distrusted characters are treated with
suspicion and told to take down the defenses (or have them
tested by the royal army). Mages dislike arguments with
Sleeper authorities as much as they like their comfort.
Thus, the only mages inhabiting crenellated fortresses are
the military, the paranoid, and those who have inherited
old property.

On the other hand, the look of defensibility is common.
Towers beside the main gate and a narrow moat are sup-
posed to suggest that the occupant is a serious lord, even if
they do not fool the eye of a professional warrior.

Styles

Castles are an extreme case of architecture being
determined by function. They must be built of heavy stone
blocks (because bricks and small stones are too easily
shattered), and they cannot have too many windows or
other weak points! Old-fashioned arrow-slits are being
replaced or augmented by round gun-ports. They are built
as'a set of. two or three*linked. or concentric courtyards.
When an attacker destroys the first barrier, the defenders
fall back to another. Towers represent strong points and
artillery platforms. The final line of defense is the keep, a
reinforced tower. Much ingenuity goes into ensuring that
attackers can be subjected to missile fire, however they
approach the place. Rocks and boiling water are poured


= CHAPTER I:
NSDY SOULS AND
: MORTAR

down on any who do reach the walls. Preferred sites include
hilltops, adding to the effort required in an assault. A sheer [Wf

cliff on one or more sides is better. Castles on lower ground
have moats (or may be sighted on islands in lakes). Arch-
mages find many ways of embellishing this feature, from
flaming oil in place of water to obliging lake monsters.
Older nonmilitary buildings used by Coven

from wattle-and-daub houses to soaring cathedri
former (wooden frameworks, with spaces filled with woven

twigs and then sealed with "daub

lay ormud) are falling
out of favor with even semi-prosperous Sleepers, but some

old farm-houses and large swathes of cities were built this
way. Properly fired brick is popular, and wealthy house-
owners can afford to have it laid in complex decorative
patterns. Although blatant fortification may be unwise,
ds
for reasons of defense. Windows and other openings can

large buildings and complexes

are built around courtya

face inwards, and the outer wall can be left blank and robust

Mi

moat, which can be created in a few days or weeks by a

4

>
a

moderate-sized digging force, maintained by asmaller num-
ber of unskilled peasants and combined with a system of
productive trout ponds by the thrifty.

In Europe, large buildings such as churches, town halls

and palaces are built in the style that is known as "Gothic."

This style is the great accomplishment of the masons of the
Middle Ages (both Sleeper and Awakened). It is based on
soaring pointed arches and external flying buttresses, en-

abling the creation of vast spaces lit by huge windows (often
filled with stained glass). This inspirational style represents
one of the main meeting points between the philosoph
of Masonic groups and the Church. Gothic buildings are
generally created using traditional rules-of-thumb and con-

ts of spaces stacked on and around a central void.

Externe
carvings and gargoyles.

. they tend to be heavily decorated with spires,

This style is being challenged, especially in Italy. The
new "Classicism" is based on study of Greek and Roman
remains and on rigorous mathematical formulations — a
sign that the Order of Reason is involved. Artist and
architect Filippo Brunelleschi was the father of the Classi-
cal revival and may well have been a secret Daedalean. /
Glassical designsuses round arches and long arcades of ll A
pillars often arranged in formalized "orders." The subtlest \ )

use tricks of perspective to make the design look more

elegant.

Different parts of the world have their own id bout

architecture. In the Muslim-dominated East, for example,
the dome has been the central feature of great buildings for
a thousand years. Builders in warmer climes are more fond
of courtyards than Europeans, as they permit the occupants
to go about their business in privacy without having to
remain inside a stuffy house in the heat of the day. Flat roofs


COVENANTS =

) ma

are popular because sleeping outside on hot nights is more
desirable than ensuring that rain can run off. Domes help
with air circulation in hot climates, and they are still rare in
Europe, although Classicism is bringing more of them tothe
continent. Brunelleschi placed a great dome over Florence
Cathedral, after new inventions made the construction
possible.

Elements

Another thing that marks the Renaissance from pre-
ceding eras is that its buildings are more internally complex
than was previously typical. This factor is more important
than it may sound.

The barbarian chief had a Great Hall, in which he, his
family, and his retainers, feasted, talked and slept. Castles
employed this idea for many centuries; at the heart of the
complex defenses was a simple hall. Peasants and townsmen
certainly ran to nothing more intricate.

In contrast, the Renaissance lord had withdrawn to a
set of private quarters, where he enjoys a more cultured life
and better food in some degree of peace. The complex castle
designs reflect this aura, with the lord's rooms situated in
the keep — the last line of military and social defense.
However, the hall still exists as a place for formal feasts, the
dispensation of justice, and councils of war; it is simply
physically separate from the lord's quarters — perhaps
across a courtyard.

The smallest serious fortress, the fortified tower, usu-
ally consists of a vaulted storage and kitchen-space at
ground level (often not directly accessible from outside, but
only by stairs from the floor above), a hall occupying the
entirety of the next floor (entered by an external staircase
— very dangerous for attackers), and the owner's quarters
over that.

Houses in town display similar complexity and subdi-
vision, albeit within less space. They usually have a
moderate-sized hall, along with a multitude of smaller
chambers. A sense of privacy is becoming a mark of sophis-
tication.

Mages, of course, feel a special need for private quar-
ters, as they invariably want somewhere to experiment with
their arts, preferably without having to worry much about
personal defense, and where they can store and manipulate
exotic and dangerous materials, invoke spirits, and gener-
ally act in a manner that might be unwise in public. The
Hermetic Code formalizes this in the concept of the Sanc-
tum, for which members of that Order have a near-religious
respect. Other mages understand the concept, at the very

least. However, groups less obsessed with personal power
and some religious mages hold places of magick-working in
common, or they insist that superiors must have full access
to them. Rules vary greatly. Still, Sleepers always enter a

magus' quarters uninvited at their own risk and often suffer
for it.

The largest part of any building is generally dedicated
to mundane, practical matters. The kitchens form a large
part of the servants' area of a house. In a castle or palace,
fireplaces are capable of roasting whole oxen. It is a self-
sufficient community, which takes a lot of continual work
to feed (and which has a taste for great feasts). Unfortu-
nately, in addition to being hectic and noisy, such kitchens
are a serious fire risk, so they are usually sighted in some
remote area—so food is often cooling by the time it reaches
the feasters.

Also, any castle will likely be surrounded by smaller,
wooden buildings: stables, kennels, barns, dovecotes, quar-
ters for lesser servants, and so on. These might regularly be
swept away by fire or war, but they are part of the commu-
nity.

Lastly, many buildings will have some cellar-space and
often a number of large rooms below ground level. A cellar,
being cool, serves as food storage. The archetypal dank
castle dungeons are also real and even common, but not as
large (or dreaded) as some may think. Prisoners are often
other lords, after all, who are worth money for ransom and
not to be maltreated; captive peasant criminals and bandits
are not kept and fed at the lord's expense but are flogged and
sent on their way — or, likely as not, hung forthwith. Mages
are more likely to be interested in the cellars as a potential
site for secret work, dark deeds, and other excitements.

Construction

Building a great house is always a major project; in an
age before construction machinery, it requires a substantial
work force. Castles especially are big; at one stage, work on
one royal castle in Wales is said to have involved 2,000
unskilled laborers, 400 skilled masons, 200 quarrymen, 30
smiths, a number of carpenters, 100 carts, 60 wagons, and
30 boats — and there was a garrison already on site.
Needless to say, skilled supervision is required. (The above-
mentioned work force was prone to disappearing, as it was
not being properly paid.) Nor is this quick work; a castle
might require eight or ten years to build, and some cathe-
dralshave been under construction, on and off, for centuries.
(However, a large earthwork defense can easily be thrown
up inside a year, and timber-framed, wattle-and-daub struc-
tures could be the work of weeks.) Great mages might use
their powers to replace such armies of workers and to speed
the building, but that in itself would make Sleepers in the
vicinity highly suspicious. A sensible Covenant prefers a
more modest structure, or it looks for an existing building,
or both.

Finding a suitable site could be a great quest for a new
Covenant, especially if it insists on access to Crays. How-
ever, most must make do with something given: a site it is


: ai {

: CHAPTER I:
SOULS AND
z MORTAR

A set to guard, an ancestral home, perhaps a minor Cray that
it has stumbled across. If building work is required, mages
must acquire the wherewithal, perhaps calling upon old
favors from their seniors in a powerful Tradition or Con-
vention — either in the form of money or of great
building-magick when feasible. Professional design is not
required fora common house or even asmall keep; any half-
skilled craftsman-builder knows what serves such purposes.
However, if the Covenant desires a full-sized castle or
palace or temple built according to mystickal principles,
Il be necessary. (A fair few
are trained in such arts, however.)

expert advice and supervision

mages

Decent mundane defenses add considerably to the cost
and time of building; robust stone walls especially require
much labor and expense. Banked earth ramparts are almost
as useful, in rural areas at least, and may be thrown up by a
moderate-sized gang of untrained peasants. However, they
take up a lot of space and are rather too obvious to curious
passers-by. A moat is probably the single most common
defensive measure, being both affordable and easily ex-
plained as "decorative."

Lastly, magick can enhance defenses in many ways,
some of them subtle. Transmuting an entire keep to metal
through Matter workings is extravag:
Scourge, but it is certainly effective; the Artificers and
Craftmasons are fascinated by less Vain, more dependable
ideas such as recreating ancient Roman formulations for

ant and risks the

cement, which creates a harder material than any known to
this age. The fabled Daedalean "Ivory Towers" may be
nothing stranger (to later ages' eyes) than reinforced con-
crete.

Maintenance

Any building requires some restorative work from time
to time; many require almost constant attention. Of course,
more rugged components need less frequent repair. Stone

castle walls can stand for centuries without any human

attention, while the mud and timber of a peasant house are
under near-constant assault by rain and beetles. On the
other hand, evena castle has internal timbers, and thatched
roofs on its interior quarters, which can decay swiftly. A
proportion of any great household consists of carpenters
and ditch-diggers, and masons and thatchers are called in
regularly.

Of Covenant-§olk

nd the first opinion which one forms of a
prince, and of his understanding, is by ob-
serving the men he has around him; and
when they are capable and faithful he may
always be considered wise, because he has
known how to recognize the capable and to

keep them faithful. But when they are otherwise one cannot form
a good opinion of him, for the prime error which he made was in
choosing them.

— Niccolo Machiavelli, The Prince

A Covenant exists for at least one purpose, even if it is
simply its own perpetuation; individual mages are almost
incapable of not having some objective to occupy their
attention. Thus, a Covenant is typically a busy place. Most
of the activity, however, is concerned with keeping the
Covenant itself running.

The inhabitants of any large building in the Europe of
this time can be called a household — or more likely, the
Latin term "familia." This concept is not the same as the
modern family; a household is an organization, run some-
thing like a twentieth-century company or government
department. On the other hand, the relationship between
the lord of the house and his servants is a little closer than
that between employer and hireling. For the nobles of the
age, generosity is an important virtue, because it binds those
whoserve to those who rule. Not that every noble (or mage)
possesses this virtue, of course, and not that every servant
feels that unreliable payment in gifts, hand-me-downs, and
the odd pat on the head compensates for an arrogant and
selfish lordly attitude. The Order of Reason is exceptional
in this time in that it recognizes rather more equality
between leaders and led, which means that the best of its
lodges are united very strongly indeed.

Che Mages

A Covenant may come to depend on its surrounding
communities for supplies, servants, and wealth, but in
doing so, it becomes part of that society. Mages who claim
this position gain duties as lords and a certain amount of
work if they are not careful to delegate; for example, a
decent nearby forest can provide enough hunting to pro-
vide much of the Covenant's need for meat, but it is
traditionally the lord who leads the hunt. Worse, mages
may find themselves distracted by farming work. Town-
based Covenants may engage in mundane craftsmanship or
trade, which may be arranged as part of the mages' work —
or it may become a tiresome distraction.

Lordly duties may include the enforcement of laws and
the exercise of legal authority — time-consuming business,
and not always fit to be delegated. The common folk expect
tosee their rulers dispensing justice (and would consider the
use of magick in such work deeply wrong). Worse, in time
of war, a lord is expected to stand against the foe and to
shelter the populace; given that many mages are sworn not
to use their powers in battle against Sleepers, this situation
is likely to lead to difficulties.

Most Covenants find it easier to stand well away from
the mundane world. This way, mages can go about their
business, often mysteriously so far as their underlings can


——————— me CASTLES

see. The nature of this work depends on the Covenant's HY
role: research in Colleges, forming strategies and forging
weapons in War Covenants, and so on. However, Cov-

enants are also likely to engage in something of any sort of
magickal activity; warriors teach other warriors, teachers
send apt pupils forth to resolve scholarly questions, explor-
ers defend themselves against assault, and so on.

Young mages are at least capable of explaining the
general thrust of their activities to others, if they must. The
true enigmas are the old mages, who have advanced far in
their researches, become lost in their peculiar concerns,
and quite likely slipped into Quiet for much of their time.
In long-established Covenants, it can become hard to
decide if the leading figures are engaged in work of unpar-
alleled brilliance, or if they have simply gone mad.

The Order of Reason, with its emphasis on pragma-
tism, produces mages with a better grasp of Sleeper reality,
by and large, than do the Traditions. Its lodges may seem
hectic places, and full of plots and even obsessions, but they
are generally more comfortable for ordinary Sleepers to
visit; the leaders are folk the visitor can talk to, and receive
fair answers. This goes a long way to explain the successes

of the Order.

The Servants

The majority of the inhabitants of (almost) any Cov-
enant are not mages, or even potential mages, but servants,
from valued consors (librarians, craftsmen, account-keep-
ers, lovers and so on) down to lowly "grogs." The nature of
Covenant serving-folk varies greatly, but in Europe, they
tend to mirror the pattern of common world servants.

To begin with, there are plenty of them. In thisage, even
an English esquire — the lowliest class with any pretension
to gentility — with an income of a bare fifty pounds per year
would be expected to employ seven servants; a serious noble
household should have at least forty residents, possibly well
over a hundred. (A royal court, combining the roles of great
household, national government, and trading house, gets
really large.) Even Artificers have difficulties creating ma-
chines that can perform housework, and mages are generally
too fearful of the Scourge or of witch-hunts to employ magic
in such a role. In the twentieth century, even traditionalist
mages will own washing machines and microwaves and drive
cars; in this era, Covenants employ laundresses, cooks, and
grooms. Of course, it is hard to hide the nature of the rulers
of the place from such servants, so a Covenant must find a
large number of Sleepers who will remain loyal to heretics,
pagans, and crazed philosophers. Covenant servants can be
a little strange themselves.

There is a strong hierarchy in almost any great house.
Folk love their small marks of office, and social class is still
pretty feudal everywhere. More to the point, any house-
holder, Awakened or Caudex, expects the house to work

CHAPTER I:
SOULS AND
MORTAR

hard and well, without too many questions — and that
requires discipline, which in turn demands hierarchy. The
steward and the chamberlain see themselves as far above
the stable-lad and the guard — and they can order their
inferiors about as sternly as a military captain.

The highest level in a secular European household (or
most religious houses, for that matter) consists of Gentry, the
"Free Household"; educated Latin-speakers use the terms
Generosi or Libera Familia. These people are not far below
their lord in social class and speak to their employers as
subordinates, but not gross inferiors. In a chantry or lodge, it
is perfectly possible that mages will fill these roles. Important
figures in this class will include the steward, or seneschal,
responsible for food and drink supplies and perhaps the
management of the entire estate; the chamberlain, in charge
of managing the interior workings of the house (the cham-
bers); and perhaps, in great houses, a chancellor, responsible
for written records and the house's chapel. In wilder or less
comfortable times and places, the constable and the marshal
might rank with these. The former is responsible for security
and guards, the latter for the stables and hunting. These
people, along with paid lawyers and the heads of major

families from the estate, form a lord's advisory council. In a
Covenant, if they are not themselves mages, they may be
considered consors, highly valued by wise mages for their skill
in keeping tiresome practical matters under control.

Just below them in the hierarchy come individuals
such as the butler, who oversees the controllers of the
a larder, pantry (where bread is made and stored), buttery
(where drink is kept), and kitchen. The treasurer reports on
matters of gold and silver to the chamberlain, and numer-
ous ushers are in charge of doors and clothes. In quieter
lands, the less busy constable and marshal might be consid-
ered to abide at the level of the yeomen or valletti —
important servants, but not of the highest rank. Below them

come the grooms (garciones), and then the youthful pages.
Mages speak rather casually of these underlings as "grogs."
The Covenants of the Awakened are exceptional in
that they tend to have more womenfolk around at every
level. A normal lord's house — or even that of a great lady
— usually has only a few washer-women and perhaps some
companions for the lady of the house. As in many military
organizations, mixing of the sexes is considered bad for
discipline, and servants' wives must "live out." But mages
have advanced beyond such concerns — sometimes.

Guards

Strange to say, not every household — not even every
stronghold — clanks with armored guards. Some do, in-
cluding those in contested borderlands or in the midst of
wars. But in this age, kings pride themselves on keeping
their lands peaceful. A great lord should surely be able to
keep his property safe with a few stout grooms with cudgels;

threaten — the royal person. Many monarchs are introduc-
ing laws of "Livery and Maintenance," limiting the right of
subjects to maintain uniformed troops, or at least attaching
expensive licenses to the right.

This situation creates a problem for mages; grogs or
brethren able to form the first line of defense against
assaults in the Sorcerers' Crusade are likely to attract
unwelcome attention and comment from Sleeper neigh-
bors. Some deal with this by disguising their troops as
peaceful servants; wealthy and powerful Covenants can
even issue exotic weapons or train them in secret martial
arts. (Artificer defenders especially tend to be armed with
wheel-lock pistols and needle-pointed daggers.) Others
become entangled in the snares of mundane politics, using
bribes or influence to obtain permission to employ armed
men — only to find themselves called to war when the
monarch issuing the license becomes embroiled in conflict.
Others regard this matter as yet another good reason to
build their chantries and lodges in remote wildernesses or
borderlands; the minor nuisance of occasionally having to
drive off bandits, foreign raiders, or monsters is tolerable so
long as one can at least maintain the forces to do such work
unhindered and unquestioned.

Beasts andVehicles

Households in the fifteenth century are perforce self-
sufficient to a degree that the urban folk of an industrial age
would find surprising. Even if a Covenant does not have a
full-scale rural estate (and many do), it will probably have
a few chickens for eggs and meat, a small vegetable garden,
a patch of herbs — maybe even a pig-sty, whose inhabitant
serves to convert household rubbish to good meat, or a
dovecote (a low, round, tower-like building, providing
meat for pigeon pies). A house of any substance will also,
naturally, have stables, which will in turn have their own
contingent of grooms and stable-boys.

A lord's house also has a few vehicles for assorted uses.
A cart can be used to move produce, equipment or people
from place to place. A household with any pretensions to
grandeur owns at least one "chariot" — a four-wheeled cart
drawn by five or six horses and not too sordid to carry the
ladies of the house as well as their luggage. When a lord shifts
from one house to another, his charioteer may have a long
haul before him. If the estate lies on a river or the sea, it
probably owns a boat; water travel can be far easier than land.

Life in Realms

Those rare but important Covenants that have made
places to stand beyond the normal world provide a rather
different sort of life for their un-Awakened residents —
although most still have many such folk about them. In
such Realms, the wills of the builders are paramount, and


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

powers that a mundane king would envy.

Thus, they may have large numbers of resident servants
and other Sleepers; Horizon, for one, is developing entire
Sleeper villages with their own governments and economy.
On the other hand, mages can work magick in such places
with fewer constraints and can therefore have their house-
work done by summoned spirits, wondrous artifacts, or
simple spells — so they may employ rather fewer human
servants. Much depends on the atmosphere of the Realm
and the philosophy of its creators.

In game terms, a large Horizon Realm can be set up as
aclassic high fantasy world, with human, semi-human, and
non-human inhabitants, vastly powerful rulers, strange
conflicts, and grossly implausible architecture. Or, espe-
cially if its is the work of the Order of Reason, it may be
arranged as a rather worrisome portent of a future society,
regimented and austere. Most likely, in the latter case, it
<t resembles a Renaissance philosopher's utopia, on a math-
}9 ematical and symbolic pattern. Ruled by the wise and
© \earned, each of the inhabitants assigned a place according
to his capacities. If such an "ideal society" goes amiss, it
should be a worry to the Daedaleans and an ominous
foreboding to the Traditions.

That said, social ideals are complex on both sides of the
great dispute. A Hermetic magus might be as happy as any
Artificer to recreate Plato's Republic on the Horizon, while
aCraftmason would prefer to create a primitive anarchy. As
more Horizon Realms are founded, a great many failed
experiments can be expected.

. .
Che lanting, Flowering, and
Withering of Covenants
QE CH ithout Contraries is no progression. Attrac-
H tion and Repulsion, Reason and Energy,
Love and Hate, are necessary to Human
existence.
BQ} — William Blake, The Marriage of
= Heaven and Hell

Despite the claims of some mages, no Covenant stands
eternal, resplendent and unchanging. All evolve as ideals are
propounded and forgotten, leaders rise and fall, enemies
inflict harm or are finally destroyed and the world around
persists in changing. As any master of Entropy will explain,

stasis is worse than death, because at least decay fertilizes the
soil for future growth —and the universe rarely permits stasis.

Mages, of course, are much taken with change. Some
dream of perfecting themselves or the world; even the most
modest Verbena and Dreamspeakers recognize cycles of
growth and decay. Not that chantries necessarily change in
ways that their rulers anticipate or wish, but recognition of

the fact of change is something that often differentiates the
Awakened from the Sleepers.

The Seasons

One image that has remained popular since its concep-
tion in the Mythic Age is the idea that lodges and chantries
pass through a cycle of conditions that can be described in
terms of the seasons of the year. Some believe that this is
simply a metaphor, that it is merely the nature of human life
to experience good times and bad. Most mages, however,
havea very high regard for the power of symbols. They hold
that, with birth and death, the phases of the moon, and
indeed the year all showing cyclical patterns, Covenants
are bound to follow the same form, through the subtle
power of Resonance.

Spring

How vainly men themselves amaze
To win the Palm, the Oke, or Bayes...

— Andrew Marvell, The Garden

A new Covenant begins its existence in Spring. Like
new growth in the fields, it is vulnerable, and those who
cultivate it must hope that it will grow rapidly (but not
unnaturally swiftly) into Summer. If the Covenant fails to
grow, it will be destroyed — burnt by harsh late frosts or
trodden down by the uncaring.

A Spring Covenant makes many mistakes, but what it
lacks in wisdom it may hope to offset with youthful vigor.
If it is sensible, it avoids the attention of other Covenants,
for those who share its ideals usually regard it as weak and
irresponsible, while its natural enemies will see it as easy
prey. Most Covenants that fail — especially War and
Vagrant Covenants — do so before the end of their Spring.

Summer

Tell me where I may pass the Fires
Of the hot day, or hot desires...

— Andrew Marvell, Damon the Mower

A Summer Covenant is still growing, but more slowly.
Some might compare it to a field ripe for harvest, although
that is perhaps an unlucky metaphor. The Covenant reaches
its peak of power during this season, although as it gains
maturity, learning from its mistakes, its vigor and enthusi-
asm decline ever so slightly. The Covenant will most likely
be very active but may not receive the full respect its power
merits. It may be seen by others as too bold and dangerous,
or it may be subjected to jealousy and malice.

Autumn

Oh what unusual Heats are here,
Which thus our Sun-burn'd Meadows sear!

— Andrew Marvell, Damon the Mower


CHAPTER I: : : 7}
SOULS AND
: MORTAR

Ya

In time, Summer turns to Autumn. The harvest is in,
and the laborers grow weary — or lazy. The foolish become
complacent while the wise are burdened by forebodings of
j Winter. An Autumn Covenant is still strong and confi-
{ dent, but ambition gives way to concerns for safety and
status. Wisdom and stability grant political power, espe-
cially as past achievements are finally reorganized.

Autumn lasts for as long as the Covenant can husband
its strength and resources — usually decades, even centu-
ties. Elders foist more and more of the dangerous (or merely
boring) work upon the younger members, while keeping
power for themselves, and the Covenant as a whole be-
comes stagnant and set in its ways.

Winter

Enough: and leave the rest to Fame.
Tis to commend her but to name.

— Andrew Marvell, An Epitaph

Autumn leads, inevitably, to Winter; a time of cold
and death, which usually marks the Covenant's final days.
This season may set in through a sudden disaster or simply
through long, slow decline. Strength, confidence, and vigor
are all too soon replaced by weakness, doddering indeci-
sion, and glorious memories. Those who remember the past
still respect the Covenant, but many regard Winter Cov-
enants as already dead, though not yet in the grave. Winter
is often a terrible time, as too many of the best mages slip
into Quiet, and their Hobgoblins become strong and poten-
tially lethal to the Covenant itself.

But as the folk of this age perhaps understand better

(ry than their town-bred descendants, the hardship of Winter

is to be endured with wise management and thought for
what is to come; it is not a time of inevitable doom. Those
Covenants blessed with vigorous younger mages may hope
that Winter will eventually turn to Spring. In that case,
older mages who can be encouraged to fight their Quiets
rather than accept them may become involved in the effort
to rebuild, which can in turn lead to a second, greater
Summer: The vitality of youth combined with the wisdom
of the ancients is a formidable marriage indeed.

Characters may encounter Covenants in any season,
although the turmoil of the age is throwing up more Spring
chantries than ever; in Europe, those old enough to be in
Autumn or Winter will mostly be long-established Ances-
tral or College Covenants of the Order of Hermes, Choeur
Celeste, or Solificati. The Order of Reason is moving
almost en masse from Spring to Summer, although it has
plenty of young Spring lodges, and some Gabrielite garri-
sons are decaying through later seasons — because the
Craftmasons have so many organized lodges, some are
feeling the weight of age, too.

Dealings with the World

Magick counts for little if it does not influence the
world, however subtly. Furthermore, with most Covenants
firmly rooted this side of the Gauntlet, they must perforce
deal with mundane folk and concerns from time to time. If
they do not — if, say, a Covenant manages to feed its
servants without cultivating fields or sending wagons to the
nearest market — this is likely to attract attention in itself.

Ofcourse, the majority of people do not travel much in
this era. This is an advantage for a secretive Covenant in
some ways; merely removing one's activities to a remote site
can escape attention. However, it is a problem in many
other ways. Unlike the urbanized folk of future industrial
times, who do not concern themselves with their neighbors
do not trouble them, a Renaissance peasant has little to talk
about socially except the neighbors. People will be keenly
aware if they are "different" in any way, given to receiving
strange visitors or disinclined to trade for basic supplies. 5
And while there are plenty of wilderness and near-wilder-
ness regions, few of them are completely uninhabited — and
anyway, most mages prefer to have the resources and work-
force of a decent-sized community somewhere close at
hand. To add to the problem, kings and their like are
becoming stronger, asserting themselves over local lords; a
castle is likely to be visited periodically by tax-collectors
and other agents of mundane government.

Thus, Covenants are usually advised to interact with
mundane society to some extent in the knowledge that it
will surely come to them. These relationships tend to be
cautious and to be kept at arm's length, but individual
associations can become friendly. It is generally impossible
tobe friends with everyone, so wise Covenants seek to create
webs of alliance, ensuring that in any difficulty, at least one
other faction will side with it. See the notes on "Spheres of
Influence" in Chapter V of Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade
for guidelines for normal alliances. Unfortunately, most
mages are prohibited from using their powers to purchase
Sleeper favor in obvious ways, for good long-term reasons.
In any case, return favors asked of a known sorcerer almost
always become more than she can handle. (Immortality,
worldly power, a harem of the most beauteous women in
history, and the favor of Heaven...) Thus, Covenants must
become subtle and learn what individuals desire and stay
within limitations of providing those desired.

A town-based Covenant must place itself on good
terms with its immediate physical neighbors. The architec-
ture of the age involves fitting as much as possible into the
space available, and walls are often thin, so the people next
door will become aware that something out of the ordinary
takes place within the Covenant and will bring this to
others' attention if not mollified. Admittedly, "town and


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

gown" rivalries — feuds between scholars and locals — are FS

common in university cities (and can lead to lethal brawls),
but a "mere" irate townsman may all too easily acquire
formidable allies.

Rural Covenants mostly find themselves cultivating
the friendship of one or two local villages, to which they
may be bound by feudal ties; good relations with a neighbor-
ing aristocrat or two are appealing but harder to sustain.
Mages have an advantage in that they may be able to ask
low rents of tenants while helping with a very little discreet
magickal aid to crops and such. Some, of course, especially
Nephandi (and a few, though all too many, Hermetics)
work from the idea that a good solid castle wall removes any
need to keep the peasantry happy; this helps explain much
of the success of the Craftmasons. (Storytellers with a soft
spot for old-style Universal/Hammer horror movies should
feel free to work the odd pitchfork-and-torch scene into
their games. Vampires, and Sleeper lords of sufficient de-
pravity, make equally good subjects for this sort of popular
pressure. Cabals of members of the Verbena and Celestial
Chorus have the advantage of religion to keep them on
good terms with at least some of the peasantry

Dangers and Destruction

Lastly, there are the forces that work to bring a Cov-
enant down.

Cynics might say that the greatest of these is usually the
Covenant's own members, and it is true that internal
bickering and divergent goals can be far deadlier than the
odd siege. Some Covenants are forged without sufficient
forethought and break up quickly in Spring, while the
leaders of a Covenant that is slipping through Autumn to
Winter tend to become cranky and egocentric, and may
refuse to compromise. Character groups usually remain
willing to work together, as they may well have been
created to make an interesting, viable group game. They are
generally young and idealistic mages rather than aging and
Quiet-ridden eccentrics, and real-world social pressures not

to damage the story leak through into the characters'

behavior. However, enthusiastic or bloody-minded players

may have characters prepared to disrupt Covenant unity,
and the Storyteller is certainly entitled to throw in Story-
teller-controlled cabals with divergent aims.

Political Assault

Not that every scheming enemy is within one's own
walls, of course. Feuds and rivalries may involve opponents
in other factions — and not just sworn enemies. Many
mages are not only born manipulators but also utterly
convinced of their own correctness, and they tend to regard
a Covenant with other ideals as a nuisance or something
that needs rectification. Sworn foes across the Tradition/
Daedalean divide may not feel able to assail a Covenant


KS | RT
~ CSKKGSBI OMS | souls AND
: MORTAR

directly but may find other routes. Even mundane enemies
may be dangerous in the field of politics.

A Covenant is usually responsible to the Council of
Nine or the Order of Reason and must obey certain rules
and protocols; this opens up one line of assault. The second
is through the mundane world: threats to supplies, unwel-
come attention from Sleeper rulers, the withdrawal of legal
rights and privileges — all can diminish a Covenant's
power. Therefore, it is usually wise to cultivate friends and
contacts in as many places as possible so that the Covenant
can at least hope for warning of attack. Merely remaining
outside of political struggles that do not affect the Cov-
enant directly is notan effective defense; by using its council
votes and such wisely (which need not necessarily mean
"irrespective of conscience"), a Covenant can make friends
who will support it when it needs them later.

It is, incidentally, very easy for a Covenant to become
embroiled in mundane politics as well as those of the
Council or Order. A mage with noble status may be asked
to take sides in dynastic conflicts; a wealthy High Guild
merchant may be asked to lend funds to one side or another
in the feuds of Italian city-states; an Artisan may have a
place in her home city's guilds, which have their own
struggles for position and power. Such conflicts are unlikely
to represent an immediate danger to a sound chantry, but
they might turn violent — and poor moves in these conflicts
can provide more powerful foes with useful allies.

Siege

The Sorcerers Crusade is a real and violent conflict,
however secretive and few in numbers its protagonists.
Furthermore, having set themselves up in a (hopefully)
defensible site, members of a chantry may find themselves
embroiled in mundane wars. Only foolish chantries fall to
internal feuding, and political enemies are more likely to
wish a Covenant changed or weakened than annihilated,
but violent assault can obliterate even the strong.

The threat is worst when the attackers include Awak-
ened leaders or other supernatural powers (such as Umbrood
or vampires). A moderate-sized group of competent mages
behind well-made walls may feel able to see off any number
of hostile Sleepers; however, such overconfidence is dan-
gerous. Even a mob of irate peasants may include several
with True Faith, and the presence of many Sleepers seems
to make the descent of the Scourge more likely. In any case,
enemy mages are usually quick to take advantage of mun-
dane assaults on a Covenant (and Craftmasons tend to join
peasant mobs out of principle, while Artisans may lend
some war machines simply to test them), so it is foolish to
assume that an attacking force cannot include Awakened
characters.

A direct assault by magickal enemies is a dramatic and
terrible thing, and can be exciting to play through. Artillery
and Forces effects batter at each other, while mortal min-
ions and summoned spirits strike from all sides. Individual
mages must stride into the midst of the fight to work their
counter-magicks, while others must guard against indirect
assault through the Umbra or Connection spells. It all leads |
to a lot of mess. And wars always have casualties. The
Storyteller should not involve the characters' Covenant in
a siege unless she is fully prepared to kill some of them.

This assumes an out-of-the-way site, of course. A town-
based Covenant may feel relatively safe, as violent opponents
will place themselves at all manner of risk by an assault.
This works well enough — until a dedicated foe manages to
raise the entire town against the Covenant, or starts a great
fire or street riot as cover. Wise urban mages pay close
attention to the temper of their surroundings.

As for Covenants that occupy their own Realms, few
have come under direct assault as yet. They are invariably
powerful and hard to reach. Blows against such fortresses
are likely to be subtle; they can certainly be indirect, as the
deadliest way to bring one down would be to steal the
wellsprings of Quintessence that feed it. The most likely
strategy, given very strong attacking forces, would bea large
diversionary force moving through the Umbra to distract
the defenders and pin them at home while more mundane
siege trains move against each Cray. However, that would
mean extensive knowledge of the foe's resources. Horizon
Realms remain the mightiest fortresses in this war. (When
Horizon itself comes under direct assault in 1475, it is ina
time of weakness — and the attackers' great error is neglect-
ing to strike at its Crays as well as invade the Realm.)

TheAftermath

When a siege is done, whether or not the stronghold
still stands, there will be much to repair. The whole reason
for the attack may have been the wish to acquire access to
a Cray, and the victors will need to consolidate their hold
on that resource. Given the power of individual mages, the
victors are also well advised to pursue surviving enemies
with special vigor; the alternative is to have a bitter enemy
sharpening a knife for the cabal members' throats.

Also, it is hard to keep such events from the attention
of Sleepers, some of whom may feel obliged to investigate,
to put down the "bandit uprising" or exorcise the "Demonic
Sabbath" of which they have heard, which is one reason
why open warfare between Traditions and Daedaleans is
less frequent than it might be — and so why more Cov-
enants survive than some would predict. But mages must
not depend on this; too many ruins attest to the danger.



CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

Che White Cower of
Languedoc:

Building Unto Heaven

nd they said, Go to, let us build us a city and
a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven;
and let us make us a name, lest we be
scattered abroad on the face of the whole
earth..."

— Genesis 11:4

To pass within the Seven Rings — the outer defenses of the
great fortification, including the three inner fortress walls — was
a privilege not granted to many. To stand, openly, before the
doors of the White Tower itself implied both courage and the good
opinions of one of the highest of Resplendent Ones

To rap on that door with the hilt of a heavy dagger was, to
say the least, unusual.

And yet the door opened promptly, and the visitor was
greeted with grave courtesy. The Doorman —a Grand Artisan
of the Pythagori — looked gravely on the visitor, and yet with
keen interest. "You bring word, then?" he asked. "We may
know how the stars favor Reason?"

"Better than that," the visitor replied, with what the Door-
man suddenly realized was a mad kind of joy, "I bring word that
the stars have nothing to say to us. Rejoice, my brother, for we
are truly free..."

Che Heart of the Dream

The White Tower of Languedoc, in southern France, is
the present seat of the Inner Circle of the Order of Reason
and a stronghold for education, Reason and Science. A
formidable fortress, it plays host to Daedaleans of all kinds. "
Ready for battle, it also provides a sanctuary for scholars and
merchants. After all, without the inspiration and progress
the Order provides, warfare is ultimately meaningless.

The building and community are both the product of
conscious design, and the design is formal and inhumanly
precise. No one in the Order considers this factor worri-
some, however, not even the most freedom-loving Void
Seeker or humble Craftmason. The White Tower partakes
of ritual. It is a symbol, transcending ordinary concerns. If
the likes of the Council find it frightening to contemplate, ///,
it has achieved part of its goal.

Ofcourse, no human creation can be entirely pure. The \
White Tower sees plotting and disagreement over means \\
and ends. Daedaleans of a theoretical bent sometimes
debate whether the Tower is still in a long and promising
Spring, or whether it is now entered into the first days of a
dazzling eternal Summer, but few can deny that Perfection
is still being built.


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

The original White Tower was the private chantry of
the Hermetic Yoassmy of Brittany, located in northern
France. For all Yoassmy's vaunted power, the famous (or
| infamous) archmagus fell to a Craftmason blade in A.D.
1325. She was distracted by the threat of an open siege, and
one legend is that the tower had been designed with the aid
ofa secret Craftmason, who had included a secret entrance
route in the plan.

The victors considered the spoils of this battle to have
interesting mystickal properties as well as practical advan-
tages, and they promptly adapted it to serve as the meeting
place for the great convention that led to the formal
establishment of the Order of Reason. The Brittany tower
remained in use as their headquarters for some years (and is
still a Daedalean stronghold), but mundane politics inter-
vened. English and French forces rolled this region over
<j several times in the course of the Hundred Years War and
¥' threatened to embroil the assumed feudal lord of the tower
in their struggles. Thus, in 1429, the Order decided to
create a new White Tower, "unsullied by Hermetic taint."
After some debate, the Order decided to remain in France,
but to shift to the less populous and currently less warfare-
tidden south of the country. The south was also,
conveniently, closer to the great cities of the Mediterra-
nean world. German and British Resplendents were mollified
by other concessions.

The chosen site was a hilltop that had been the site ofan
entire walled village centuries before. The community had
suffered the misfortune of being identified as a site of
Albigensian heresy and associated witchcraft, and it had
been completely wiped out by crusaders in the 13th century.
It was remote and wild enough that no substantial commu-
nity had grown up on the site since. There was indeed a
significant Cray, but careful examination — by devout
Gabrielites and meticulous scholars — showed that it was
completely untainted and effectively "neutral," and thus that
it could be rendered fit for employment by the Order.

Authority touse the site,and to builda new "free village"
nearby, was acquired by the exercise of influence at court;
favors were called in by noble Daedaleans and their sympa-
thizers. As faras the French Crown is concerned, this remote
fief is the property of the Church, with special privileges
relieving it of feudal duties and taxes. The Church, on the
otherhand, takesno interest in the place, thanks to Daedalean
influence in the Vatican and the diocese of Toulouse.

The Tower was built with startling speed, thanks to
Craftmason and Artificer machinae. The associated village
of L'Espérance ("Hope") was almost as swiftly peopled with
lesser Daedaleans and brethren. It was a self-sustaining
community to maintain the place between council meet-

ings. Its history over the last two decades has been one of
gradual development — a community deciding its nature.

Che Setting

The White Tower is situated atop one of the hills of
Languedoc —notamong mountains (although the Pyrenees
are not very far to the south), but on ground that is rocky,
and rather stark, as well as high. This hill has enough of a
flattened top to hold the tower and associated halls, and it
is strikingly symmetrical. It commands a small plain, on
which is sighted L'Espérance. A single unmade road leads
up through the village to the main gate, which may seem
rather unprepossessing a path to lead to the greatest lodge
of the Order of Reason, but Daedaleans murmur that the
road to the heights of glory is rarely easy. Loyal allies occupy
churches or great houses in every village and hamlet, and
the guardians of the tower are informed of anyone ap-
proaching the area, long before they arrive.

L'Espérance was planned as a complete community
from the first, and hence, its layout is far more orderly than
any normal European town or village. It is arranged around
an open square, a site of weekly markets, which is domi-
nated by a church, two inns, and a market hall. The latter
is a brick structure, consisting of a single room (used by
those who administer the market) raised on pillars over an
open arcade (which provides shelter for some traders). The
rest of the town is laid out on a grid, with major streets
radiating out from the square. Neat and carefully main-
tained wells are placed at several points. Many houses in
L'Espérance have workshops; the un-Awakened associates
of the Order include many craftsmen, and the village
produces metalwork and pottery that is sold in many adja-
cent towns, bringing the community a good income. An
ox-powered mill on the edge of the village grinds its corn.

In short, the village has an air of prosperity that belies
its size and the relatively unproductive nature of the local
soils. (This region is thinly populated.) Daily administra-
tion is handled by a small council of un-Awakened citizens
who elect a "reeve," or spokesman, from among their
number. In the tradition of Craftmason lodges, the two inns
double as meeting places for semi-formal craft associations,

and increasingly, as schools.

Che Fortress

The White Tower itself is a tall building with a per-
fectly circular plan, dazzling white in the southern French
sun. Every stone was carved with intricate and powerful
Craftmason symbols before being put in place, and the
whole wall was then encased in a rock-hard sheath of some
Artificer-formulated substance. It has seven floors and a
pointed roof.


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

Around itare multiple concentric circular defenses, the
inner three being strong defensive walls — functional castles
in their own right. (Kitchens, stables, and such are tucked
within these three circles.) Just outside them, evenly spaced
around the tower, are eight rectangular halls, one for each of
the Conventions and one empty and (seemingly) unused.
Each of these is strong enough to be defensible. Further down
the hill, fully enclosing the place, is a palisade, a rampart of
soil and loose stone, and a ditch — lesser defenses, but fully
capable of at least delaying an attacking force.

Thus, the tower has no less than seven circles of
mundane defense, which is said to symbolize the Order's
being made up of seven' Conventions. Knowledgeable
Daedaleans appreciate that the walls of the towenitself aré
aneighth barrier, which like the "empty" Eighth Hall, hints
at the secret of the KsirafaieThe.tale told is that the Eighth
Hall stands prepared for some future delegation — either a
prophesied additional Convention, or perhaps the repre-
sentatives of the Sleepers when some kind of greatawakening
is accomplished. In short, it is cultivated as a mystery that
demonstrates to the lesser ranks that they cannot know
everything — while in practice, high-ranking Ksirafai meet
in the place at dead of certain moonless nights, protected by
great spells of secrecy.

The Hill and the Halls

A few small buildings are scattered across the sides of the
hill, serving various purposes. One of the most enigmatic, to
uninformed eyes, is the dock for sky-ships. The dock is
maintained by Celestial Masters and their acolytes, with a
number of Void Seekers often in attendance and volunteer-
ing. Others seem more mundane, but they actually serve
exotic purposes. For example, there is a dovecote and a small
stable — both maintained by the Cosians, the creatures they
hold being used for research as often as for food or transport.
The dovecote is also home to a small flock of homing-
pigeonsWhich servesasan efficientsystem of communication.

Each ofthe Conventions! halls isarectangular build-
ing, largeand grand enough to host ameeting of the highest {{f
officers of the faction. Internal arrangements are left to the \\
Occupants but always include fit accommodation for visit-
ing Maximi. When the site was consecrated, one-eighth of
the Tass generated by the Cray was directed to each hall,
where it takes an appropriate form in each case.

Two-thirds of the Artificers' hall is a great workshop.
Smithwork performed here incorporates a rote that imbues
metals with Tass. The remainder of the building is divided
up into meeting rooms, quarters for officers of the Conven-
tion and a library.


oS
wy,

CASTLES

The Gabrielites have made half of their hall into a
chapel, with a non-consecrated "chapter house" attached,
where secular matters can be discussed, and monastic cells
for sleeping. A special ceremony here can produce an oil
that resembles what is used in holy ceremonies of anoint-

ment, but it is actually Tass.

The hall of the Celestial Masters is a jumble of libraries
and private chambers, with a large observatory in the
center. The roof over this section is domed and pierced for
observation, and the rest of the building has a flat roof for
star-gazers to stand on. Its Tass takes the form of a fine silver
dust, which must be laboriously swept up from the roof after
it apparently settles there from the sky on certain nights.

The Craftmasons have kept their hall ostentatiously
plain; it consists almost entirely of one large room, with a
stage at one end for orators, and tables at the other where
Convention members may sitand take bread andale as they Ctr
debate policy. Plain wood, burned in the hearth, may leave A
Tass in its ashes. There are a few plain rooms for sleeping.

Inevitably, the hall of the High Guild is richly deco-
rated, showing the glory that wealth can bring. It is divided
LF into two floors and several large chambers, where business
may be transacted and small groups may negotiate policy.
The private chambers for the Maximi are astoundingly rich.
A great coffer held ina treble-locked treasury fills with what
appear to be ordinary gold coins, but are Tass — provided
that some true gold is kept permanently in the chest.

The Cosians have the hall most often visited, as part of
it has become a house of healing. Small chambers serve as
sleeping places, alchemical laboratories and library. One
laboratory is used for a special procedure that produces Tass
* in the form of a liquid, dense as mercury and red as blood.

The Void Seekers, in contrast, make least use of their hall,
which is divided into many rooms, some completely bare. By
careful plotting of mystickal factors, occupants can know
which room to leave a pitcher of plain spring water in on
certain nights so that it becomes Tass by morning.

The "unused" eighth hall is painted black, NS
inside and out. The Council of Fourteen claim that YZ
its Tass is diverted back to the tower itself an

Z|
va

is used in its magickal defenses. In fact,
it is gathered by the Ksirafai during
their secret nighttime meetings, in A
the form of a small and poisonous

fungus that grows on the interior walls.

AND
COVENANTS ¥ =

2

The Approach to the Cower

Via a narrow causeway across the ditch, the road to the
tower leads through a slight notch in the rampart and a
well-made gate in the palisade, then up between the Halls
of the Gabrielites and Artisans to the grand gate in the
outermost of the three walls. The three gates in the walls are
each 120 degrees around from the others, and the tower

\
\\

2


CHAPTER II:

y THEORDEROF | FEOCSROCOO?

eavae

RGA door is likewise displaced from the third gate, forcing a
visitor (or attacker) to traverse a full circle (clockwise) to
reach the heart of the Order of Reason. On the way, a visitor
notes the many barracks and storerooms built within the
triple walls and the force of troops posted there.

The Lower Floors

On passing through the tower's one solid-iron door, a
visitor finds herself in the Hall of Arrival, a windowless
chamber that comprises the entire ground floor of the
building. Its walls are ribbed with the elegantly curved
arches that support the entire weight of the tower above,
and they are embellished with rich paint and gilding. The
floor is an intricate marble mosaic, depicting the symbols
and important mathematical forms of Sacred Architecture.
There is no obvious source of illumination, and yet the Hall
is well-lit, almost as if the air itself glow:

Starting ata point opposite the door, a staircase runs up
the wall and continues up the next three floors of the tower.
The floor above the Hall is divided into chambers —simple
storerooms, in fact, holding preserved foods and weapons to
ensure that, even if all the seven outer defensive barriers
fall, the tower could still be defended. At least one of these
rooms is kept at the temperature of ice, winter or summer,
by exotic machinae, and others are so reinforced so that
even if all the gunpowder they held were to detonate, the
tower would survive.

The two floors above that form a library and place of
records, holding the Order of Reason's most precious and
secret texts — grimoires of magicks too dangerous for
widespread knowledge, plans for machinae that call down
the Scourge if they are ever built, but that may become
useful one day. There are lists of the names of Umbrood
unknown to Hermetics or Dreamspeakers, books of advice
to princes so cynical that every religion on Earth would
demand that they be burned, philosophical treatises on the
nature of Earth, Time, and Mankind of impossible com-
plexity — and family secrets of great monarchs, copies of
Medici account books, and important Hermetic, Akashic,
and Batini references. The staircase up from the higher of
the two library floors does not run against the outer wall, but

spirals at the very center of the building.

The Upper Floors

The three topmost floors of the White Tower are the
focus of awe for the entire Order of Reason. And yet, the
lowest of the three seems to be nothing but a large chamber
full of war engines — engines of rare and sometimes eccentric
design, perhaps, but surely no more than might be seen on
any battlefield of the day. (The wheeled carriages on which
the guns are mounted are well-made, to be sure, but...)

These weapons are the closest to perfection that the art
of weaponry has ever seen. Most are Artificer masterpieces,

of their aiming mechanisms, but some think that the mighti-
est weapons of all sit in a plain chest between two of the gun
ports. These are Gabrielite contributions to the tower's
ultimate defensive might, and even the other Conventions
are uncertain of what they include. But it is known that there
are swords and spears here with names and histories.

Above this floor is one that has several small chambers,
all illuminated by windows only. If the Order of Reason has
a beating heart, it is here. It is Viasilicos Primus, the central
node in the Order's magickal communications system. The
crystals are tended day and night by Daedaleans; they bear
the important news of the Order's doings and encounters to
the rest of White Tower inhabitants. As well as experts
involved in the magicks, there are "scribes" who not only
organize and record what they hear, but who also work to
understand it and to relate diverse messages that may have
important hidden associations.

(Incidentally, the Viasilicos system would not disinte- By
grate if the White Tower fell. It is the most important
station in the web, but it is not all operated or empowered Wr
from here.)

At this level, the last stairs up are once again set against
the walls of the tower; there are four such stairways, to reduce
sticky questions of precedence between those permitted to
make this last ascent. Because, of course, at the top of the
tower is the Council Chamber. No resident servant of the
White Tower talks about any other such meeting-place
without qualifying the name, for this is the purpose of their
lives, the place where the Inner Circle meet around a round
table. The only decorations are the seven crests of the
Conventions on the walls; light comes from seven evenly 4
spaced windows, the panes being exceptionally large and
perfectly flat. (There is no eighth hidden window. The
Ksirafai do not work in light.) The floor is smooth, polished
wood. The walls are white as the exterior of the tower.

And finally, a hatch in the ceiling of the Council
Chamber leads up toa narrow walkway that runs around the
pitched roof and behind a solid parapet, which is useful
should the tower ever be besieged. It is, of course, a symbolic
eighth floor.

Cabals

Men, walking almost always in paths beaten by others,
and following by imitation their deeds, are yet unable to keep
entirely to the ways of others or attain to the power of those they
imitate. A wise man ought always to follow the paths beaten by
grea: men, and to imitate those who have been supreme, so that
if his ability does not equal theirs, at least it will savour of it."

— Niccolo Machiavelli, The Prince

The organization of the White Tower may be confus-
ing because the supposed arrangement bears little relation
to the day-to-day ordering of the place. This situation


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

irritates some Resplendents, but there seems to be no way
of improving matters.

In theory, the halls of each of the seven overt Conven-
tions are run by a formal hierarchy, with the Resplendent
Maximiat their heads. These leaders then form the highest
council of the Order of Reason, which rules the tower with
wisdom and insight. A few groups of lesser individuals deal
with specific functions, such as housekeeping and defense,
all in an orderly fashion.

In practice, the running of the place takes precedence
over formal hierarchy. The substantive cabals tend to be
concerned with the day-to-day running of the tower, and to
consist of members of several Conventions. Furthermore,
most of the Resplendent Maximi only occasionally come to
this place, when great meetings are due. Some Conventions
also change their leadership regularly, even yearly, adding
to the potential confusion. The cabals described here are
those permanently in place. The population of the tower
increases substantially when the Council of Fourteen are in
full formal session.

Les Ouvriers

This faction started out consisting of workers respon-
sible for the creation of the tower and its defenses, and it
endured because several members remained about the place,
maintaining and extending the structure. It is dominated
by Artificers and Craftmasons (the latter gave it its unpre-
tentious name in ordinary French — "the Laborers"). The
former faction's ideals are very similar to the Craftmasons'.
Antoine Couvreur and Miguel Destro, respectively in-
volved in arranging the tower's defenses and the Order's
dealings with local traders have gravitated to this group.

Inevitably, les Ouvriers are very concerned with ensur-
ing the continual security and solidity of the White Tower,
both as a building and as a community. While some
Craftmasons may mutter that the necessary rebuilding of
the Order of Reason no doubt involves the reshaping of this
over-proud fortress, those in this cabal are frankly too
sentimentally attached to the place to agree. However, they
do often fall out with other Daedaleans over policies that
disdain the interests of the mass of humanity in pursuit of
lofty ideals or personal greed.

] Gerard de Limoges

Background: Although Les Ouvriers lack strong lead-
ership (one of the cabal's weaknesses), they do include
Gerard, a former Craftmason Maximus. Whatever their
political views, other leading Daedaleans instinctively re-
spect one who has held such an office, and Gerard therefore
makes a useful spokesman.

As his name says, he was born in the city of Limoges in
the heart of France, where he became a mundane mason,

working on churches and great houses. He awoke and
entered the Craftmasons in the usual way, but he soon
moved within the Convention to the Guild of the Sword —
the warriors. Courage and skilled leadership in a series of
assaults on Hermetic strongholds earned him respect, and
he rose, eventually being elected to spend his year on the
Council of Fourteen. Thus, Limoges came to the White
Tower around 20 years ago and found it still growing and
developing — not always in directions that he approved of.
When his time on the Council was done, he remained on
the site to help organize building work.

Although service to his Convention has taken Limoges
away from the tower on occasion, some of Les Ouvriers have
come to value him, and they have sufficient influence to
bring him back. He is more often found in L'Espérance than
up at the tower itself, for he is popular among the citizens for
his unflinching dedication to many of their causes.

Image: As he becomes more grizzled and weathered,
Gerard is not losing any of his toughness. None who meet
him doubt that he has worked heavy stone or fought battles.
(He shaves, when he remembers.) He dresses plainly and
carries a hammer in his belt — a weapon and a tool. He is
not especially eloquent, believing that what he says should
count for more than how he says it, but he is bold in speech.

Roleplaying Hints: You are dedicated to the ideals of
the Craftmasons, especially to the defense of honest work-
ing folk. You would lay down your life for the cause.
However, a lifetime of experience has taught you a little
about politics, and you hide your annoyance with other
Daedaleans who lack a proper sense of what is right.
Perhaps, as some of your Convention say, the Order of
Reason is corrupt and must be demolished and rebuilt in
better form, but such a great change must be undertaken


— CHAPTER IL: 2 VR™,
THE ORDER OF Vai
: —= REASON

with care and judgment. For now, you work with the
materials you have at hand.

Quote: "This town was built to help the Council meet. But
we must not forget why the Council was built."

Che Villici

The White Tower is a working structure, and a small
group of adept and trusted individuals are responsible for its
continued function. Living in close proximity, sharing
practical concerns, these people have grouped together as
a cabal. Given the wealth of the tower, their occasional
disputes over precedence and priorities are not enough to
divide them. They call themselves the "Villici," which
means stewards of an estate.

The leader of the group is Padraig O'Mara, the tower's
Doorman. This title may sound trivial, but its importance
is symbolic, and O'Mara bears considerable responsibility
for some of the tower's wards and warnings, as well as for the
ritualistic aspect of much of the place's life. Even Judith
Miller, Proavia of the Hippocratic Circle, defers to him on
matters of cabal policy. She is a member because she dwells
around the tower, organizing its medical activities and
studying reports of plague and pestilence that come through
the Viasilicos crystals. (However, as a member of the
Council of Fourteen, Miller has far greater potential politi-
cal influence.) Of the others of the cabal, Rugero Atharios
has the title of Treasurer, taking care of the tower's accounts
and responsibility for its provisioning, while Elena des

Tomasi is in charge of the library.

Elena's assistant, Rutger van Bergen, is supposed to be
an Artificer, but he is a Ksirafai (as the Circle of Fourteen
know) and was placed here in an innocuous post near the
top of the White Tower to observe the other high servants
and to bear urgent messages. He wears the fagade of a quiet,

The Villici are jokingly nicknamed the "New Pierres"
around the White Tower. "Pierre" is the French version of
"Peter," and Saint Peter, of course, bears the keys of Heaven
and stands at its gates; but "Pierre" also means "stone" in
French, and there is some sense that this group is the
foundation stone of the tower's operations. Les Ouvriers are
thus referred to as the Old Pierres because they were
responsible for the stone work of its building.

Padraig O'Mara

Background: Born inaremote corner of Ireland toa family
with the barest claim to gentility, Padraig O'Mara was inspired
by an old and forgotten tradition of his homeland: high schol-
arship. He succeeded in gaining entry to a monastery and was
eventually given work in the library, but he seemed too restless
for it. The quiet rural house found him weary and sent him on.
to study in more sophisticated establishments.

Shuttling from university to abbey, the young scholar-
monk ventured down strange paths of scholarship, esoteric
numerology and pagan philosophy. O'Mara might have
found himself in trouble had he notcome to meet witha band
of Awakened thinkers. Their gentle encouragement assisted
his own Awakening, at which time, he recognized that his
interests were far too worldly for the Church to hold him.

Fortunately, he was able to gain release from his vows
with the aid of a noble sponsor, and O'Mara went on to
study with a master Artificer. He entered that Convention
and the Pythagori. His mathematical, theoretical interests
were a little extreme for the mage-mechanicians, but ac-
ceptable. In time, O'Mara came to the new White Tower
witha band of others, and showed a swift and intuitive grasp
of the near-ritualistic nature of its building.

Image: Padraig is a dignified figure in middle age. He
dresses plainly, but his clothes are of fine fabric, and he
wears a badge of office on his shoulder. He also bears a staff
of silver metal, which is a magickal artifact. It strikes with
the force of a heavy mace and serves as his tool for most of
his workings.

Padraig speaks several languages. He has a calm man-
ner that enables him to deal with king or peasant equally
well, without recourse to formal etiquette.

Roleplaying Hints: Others see you as a mystick and a
theoretician, but you know how truly practical your work is.
You may thus be a practical man and driven by your duty to
the Order of Reason, but you are also a magus and a scholar.
Years of study and conversation with colleagues from across
the world have made you into a cultivated, thoughtful
individual, with your Irish accent wiped away (except to the
ears of the most perceptive student of speech). You desire


what is best for humanity, intellect and Reason, and you see
that the security and smooth function of the White Tower
serves that goal. Your anger is rare and quiet, but powerful.
Your friendship and pleasure is dignified, but sincere.

Quote: "I've placed bars of iron and fire on those portals,
and shields of storm and howling about this chamber. We may
speak freely. State your business."

| Che Followers of Heraclius

As the leaders of the White Tower's defensive forces
(and of the occasional armed bands that it must send about
its business), this cabal has named itself in honor of a
Byzantine emperor who recaptured the True Cross from the
Persians and earned the last old-style Roman triumph — a
significant blend of old and new, faith and glory.

The Followers of Heraclius are a military cabal, liable
to support direct and uncomplicated solutions to problems,
4 but they are not wild or uncontrolled. They are loath to

ventures, and most of them are Gabrielites who see them-
selves, in due humility, as secondary to the "Doves of
Christ."

In truth, most of the cabal spends their time dealing
with rather dull practical concerns. However, when the
swords of the White Tower must be drawn, these leaders
exhibit formidable knowledge of battle magick, tactics and
weapon use.

Those WhoVenture

Background: There are relatively few Void Seekers
and Celestial Masters permanently in residence at the
White Tower, so those who are present here naturally tend
to band together. The instinctive policy of a settled com-
munity is to demand stability and caution. Those Who
Venture understand this policy, but argue otherwise.

But this cabal is more than simply an argumentative
faction with a love of travel. Journeys beyond the limits of
the known often turn up opportunities for profit, pagans to
convert, monsters to fight and new medicines. Those Who
Venture are a distinctly militant and aggressive group, with
many allies beyond the two dominant Conventions. In-
deed, they nominally count one of the highest of the High
Guild among their number. They are also very political,
making up for in energy what they may lack in eloquence or
subtlety. Their duties around the tower are mostly con-
cerned with pressing their case rather than ordinary work.
Furthermore, they include no less than two Maximi. Their
influence on policy is immense.

Their acknowledged leader is Sabina Valmarana,
Maxima of the Celestial Masters. Wolfgang von Reismann,
the secretive and ancient Maximus of the High Guild, lends
his influence to this cabal on occasion but stands aside from

—— I CASTLES Go

the tiresome policy-making. While he adopts a pose of quiet
dignity, wise observers realize that he spends most of his

time studying the traffic of the Viasilicos
ploiting it to the profit of his Guild, house and self.

Maxima Sabina Valmarana

Background: Born in a palatial villa in the hills of
Tuscany, the great-granddaughter of the co-founder of the
Celestial Masters inherited much from her ancestor: magickal
aptitude, wealth, position and a bold disdain for the conven-
tions of religion and propriety. The Convention would
welcome her into its ranks for her birth, but it is unlikely that
she would ascend to its highest position on that recommen-
dation alone. The Celestial Masters prize determination and
Sabina has all three.

innovation over an old name, but $

That said, it may be that, had Sabina been a nobody
with the same talents, she would have entered another
school of magecraft. Her greatest skills lie in the subtle arts
of Mind and Life more than in the crafting or use of
machines or astronomical charts. Still, she gained an hon-
orary place in the House of Selene and made herself (and
her resources) useful. She now spends her time at the White
Tower, deploying her reasonable political skills and near-
limitless wealth and social connections to promote the
Celestial Masters' ends.

Image: Although Sabina has spent much time earning
her rank, and her face and manner do not deny her years,
Sabina uses both Life magick and mundane tricks of eti-
quette and dress to preserve her attractiveness. Her gowns
are of rich silk, subtly embellished with the
fellowship. Her hair is dark and lush. She speaks with a
pleasant, deep voice and has a strong Italian accent when

conversing in other tongues. She is fluent in French,


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

Spanish and Latin, among other tongues — but if it causes
some listeners to underestimate her intellect, and if some
men find it charming, Sabina does not object.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a consummate politician
and genuinely dedicated to the interests of the Celestial
Masters. After all, the name of your family is bound up with
the success of the Convention. You enjoy these games of
politics — and games is how you view them. You bear no
great malice toward your rivals. However, you do have a

streak of vanity. Offenses personally against you, or your
ancestry, merit proportionate revenge.

Quote: "Oh really — we of the Celestial Masters do not
consider this matter worthy of great concern. However, if you
find it worrisome, we might agree with you in council — if you
will agree to support us in certain other matters..."

Che Marshals of the Light

This small cabal is sponsored by Bonifacio Valle, war
leader of the Cabal of Pure Thought. Its concern is with the
promotion of the Order of Reason's militant policies. Unlike
the Followers of Heraclius, who must concem themselves with
the practical workings of the tower's defenses, these firebrands
press for strategies that take every war to the enemy. However,
being relatively low-ranking in the Order, members cannot
make much difference in the day-to-day politics of the Order
in their sponsor's absence; therefore, they mostly restrict
themselves to preaching in L'Espérance, training their skills
and recruiting new Daedaleans for bold ventures.

Of course, not all such war-makers are Gabrielites.
Indeed, the cabal has recruited one equally aggressive
Craftmason to its cause. They are swift to sound out any
visitors to the tower who seem venturesome enough to work
for their aims.

Che Delegation
of the Four Corners

Members of the Order of Reason come to the White
Tower from across the world with special concerns of their
own. Most such visitors remain only for as long as it takes
to present their case and then depart, heartened or other-
wise. However, a number have dwelt in L'Espérance for
months or even years, either because they refuse to accept

an answer they have been given or because their mission
demands a perpetual representative at the heart of the
Order. Nor are they generally unwelcome. Their strange
talents are of interest to scholars, while their tales of exotic
lands appeal to Void Seekers and Financiers.

Members' shared condition naturally tends to draw
these folk together, and despite some contradictory aims,
they form a clear faction in the debates of the White Tower.
They all wish to remind their hosts that there is more to the

world than the "Frankish" lands, and members share prac-
tical concerns with the expansion of the Viasilicos and with
the improvement and protection of travel.

This cabal wields a variety of outré magicks, some at the
limits of what the Order considers right or godly, but effec-
tive. Its political power is limited by its members' diverse aims
and shortage of close allies about the tower, but wiser Maximi
always listen to what its members say. The reactions of
distant lands to new policies can be hard to predict.

The Delegation always includes a secret Ksirafai agent,
currently Eleanora Parvellides, although the occupant of this
post changes periodically. The supreme spies of the Order of
Reason like to learn as much as possible about those nations
that cannot be watched closely. They also study foreign
manners in order to assist in the preparation of disguises, and
they want to be sure that these odd visitors are not collabo-
rating on dangerous plots. Fortunately, the strange and subtle
magick of the Ksirafai is not much noticed in a group of

known "strange foreigners." Eleanora claims she is of Byzan- &

tine descent. She passes herself off as a wandering exile and
as a member of the High Guild, seeking to ensure that the
Order concerns itself with the practical consequences of the
fall of her home city to the Turks.

Other current members:

Sundiata Rashi is a master salt-trader from the expand-
ing Songhai Empire of Africa. His trade-brotherhood, the
Dyula, has integrated with the High Guild, but its leaders
hold that they should observe their new allies from close
quarters — so Sundiata has been sent to the tower, where
his extraordinary negotiating skills have made him the de
facto leader of the Delegation of the Four Corners.

Hsuan Hsi is an emissary of the Wu Lung (see The Book "

of Crafts), sent west bya faction of the independent Chinese
legalist-mages who are sympathetic to the idea of coopera-
tion with the Order of Reason, to observe and negotiate at
length. Hsi is unhappy and uncomfortable in this disorderly
barbarian land, but far too controlled to display these feel-
ings. He has decided that this cabal of barbarians might at
least jolt the Europeans out of their silly arrogance.

Hajji Abd-Allah ibn Sali'a and Shakla bint-Attar al-
Rikab are travelers from the Sultanate of Delhi—a footloose
wanderer who has been inducted into the Void Seekers and
a healer who is seeking wisdom from the Cosians to merge
with her independent Arab and Indian training. Having
joined together for safety on the road, they came to the
White Tower out of curiosity, but they find themselves as
the only current representatives of the Islamic faith here
(besides Sundiata, who is a charming fellow, but rather
heterodox). They are shrewd enough to find this situation
worrisome and feel obliged to stay and struggle against the
prejudices of the Order. (Shakla disguised herself as a young
man when traveling and has become very practiced at this
charade. Abd-Allah was taken in for weeks; during that
time, he came to treat Shakla as a brother. )

G

\\


S

«
|

|

AND

fe

-
CASTLES ee TaN
COVENANTS E 3

—

Father Yakov Andronovich is a Russian priest who has
converted to fanatical Roman Catholicism, and who holds
that the greatest threat to the Gabrielite dream of "One
World, One God, One Church" is his own nation's stub-
born perpetuation of independence for its national Church.
Yakov, nicknamed the "Bloodthirsty Dove" around the
tower, preaches extraordinarily lurid sermons in broken
Latin. He doesn't fit in this cabal, but he remains a member
while he presses for ties with the Marshals of the Light, who
include his former escort from the journey west.

Brethren, Consors,
Servants

In addition to meeting the usual need of any fortress for
servants and porters, the White Tower commands a com-

future of humanity. Although it still resembles an ordinary
sort of village or town in many the tower is part of the
function assigned to L'Espérance.

The non-combatant citizens are organized as small,
informal guilds. The stonemasons and smiths (who include
silver-workers) are the most powerful through their close
links to the Awakened and private wealth. But the village's
butchers, bakers, and vintners have gathered together into
one substantial and increasingly respected body.

Somewhere in the village dwell two innocuous folk who
are thought to be traveling merchants, which explains their
irregular absences. They are in fact Fulmen and Suavium of
the Ksirafai, who thus place themselves close to the meeting
place of the Inner Circle, in case they are needed.

TheArmed Force

The troops who defend the White Tower are a strange
mixture of the archaig and the experimental, but all are
recruited with careful attention to their dedication (first)
and skill (a close second).

They are divided into six companies (smaller than the
bodies that usually bear this name, but so formidably armed
as to represent a serious strategic force). The first consists of
around 30 to 35 "men-at-arms," who are mostly Gabrielites
and their brethren, trained as heavy cavalry, armored from
head to toe, riding horses, and willing and able to charge on
any foe. Some of these troops may also carry hand-held
guns. As these "knightly" cavalry are too slow and cumber-
some for scouting or skirmishing, there is also a company of
40 light cavalry (sometimes termed "Turcopoles"), who are
armed with crossbows, Artificer-made guns, and light lances.
This force often has many duties at once, and its members
are trained to operate alone and in small groups.

Cavalry need infantry to support them and finish the
work their charges begin. The White Tower has two com-
panies of 60 foot-soldiers each. Half of each are equipped
with crossbows or firearms (the latter being examples of
Artificer ingenuity). In one company, the second half wield
halberds, while the other includes pikemen, trained to use
the long-shafted weapons that the Order soon encourages
in Sleeper armies when they wish to break the power of the
aristocratic knight for good.

The last two companies are the strangest, with a large
number of Artificers and their brethren — 10 to 20 troops in
each. One tends the tower's artillery — sophisticated cannon
that defends the ramparts and castle walls and could be taken

to battlefields if necessary. The other company combines the
war skills of the German Hussite Protestant armies and
strange machinae appropriated from Adolphus Gent of Ba-
varia. They mount guns and other mis
enclosed wagons, and in some cases, mechanically-powered
vehicles (which can be driven to the battlefield to form
closed circles bristling with firepower).

Some of the Artificers and Celestial Masters associated
with the tower may also call on their Conventions for use
of various balloons and sky-ships, which are not a regular
part of the defenses; they have proved too likely to call
down the Scourge, and they attract too much attention if
Sleepers see them. But they would arrive and fight soon
enough if they were needed.

le weapons on

Lastly, in the event of a truly dangerous assault on the
White Tower, all the able-bodied men of L'Espérance are
expected to take up arms. The Order does not anticipate
that it will ever be necessary, but the existence of a thriving
community of loyal brethren is reassuring.

Politics

"The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of
class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord
and serf, guild-masters and journeyman, ina word, oppressor and
oppressed stood in constant opposition to one another, carrying on
an uninterrupted, now hidden, now open fight, a fight that each
time ended either in a revolutionary reconstitution of society at
large, or in the common ruin of the contending classes."

— Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto

The White Tower is a hotbed of policy debate that
remains at the level of fairly polite verbal dispute, although
some individuals might not be above the idea of extreme
tactics. While the garrison of the tower does not much act
directly in the world at large, and the Circle of Fourteen
may or may not choose to pay attention to the opinions of
their supporters, there are powerful and influential Con-
vention members around the place, who advise and have
power over what the Maximi hear and see.

The main disagreement is among Les Ouvriers (who
propound the Craftmason creed of aid to the common

Bo

—


man), and Those Who Venture (who are more concerned
with expansion and exploration), and the Marshals of the
Light (who say that the first concern is to strike down all
that is monstrous and ungodly). The latter two agree as
often as they disagree but see each other as impious
"Prometheans" and stiff-necked pious brawlers, and thus
they do not mix well. The Villici are a moderating influ-
ence, reminding everyone of the high ideals of the Order.
The Followers of Heraclius agree with the Marshals of the
Light on principle, but they try to restrain them in private.
And while the Delegation of the Four Corners are an
unpredictable factor, albeit with friends among Those Who
Venture and a degree of friction against the Villici, who all
too often seem impelled to invoke proper protocol to
obstruct the needs of these "outlanders."

A secondary running dispute concerns the proper ar-
rangement and goals for the community, and especially the
governance of L'Espérance. To Les Ouvriers, it should be
ordered as an ideal community for the working folk who live
within: There should be little law, what there is should be
fair, and there should be no distinctions between "gentlefolk"
and "commoners." This matter does not accord with the
practical concerns of the Followers of Heraclius, who would
prefer it become a garrison-town, serving the needs of the
soldiers and respecting necessary military gradations. The
other cabals either remain neutral or tend to the Heraclians'
side, but the Craftmasons have their support, not least in
the village. Those Who Venture do concur with Les Ouvriers
" that the village should have more dealings with the outside
world, although their reasons differ. The Craftmasons and
Artificers want to set an open example to others, whereas
the "adventurer" Conventions admire travel for its own
sake, and their friends among the High Guild see virtue in
trade. The other cabals prefer less danger of "caudex inter-
ference," although the Delegation of the Four Corners
agrees that the community is too isolated.

Future Fates

From Six Months in Languedoc, published in London, 1987:

"The next day, we took the car further inland, to a
hamlet called, according to the map, Lesprance. We had to
go by the map on this because the grand total of three
cottages seemed to be completely deserted. We parked the
car a little further up the track and hiked to the top of the
nearby hill.

"] was interested in this area because, according to a
history of the Albigensian Crusade that I'd been reading,
there had once been a sizable walled village here, which had
been burned to the ground by the crusaders. At first, I
thought that every last trace of it had been wiped out by the
passage of time, but then my wife called out thatshe'd found
something. However, the rectangular building foundations
poking up through the scrub, some way down the hill, didn't

: CHAPTER IL a,
THE ORDER OF Vai
: REASON );

look old enough to me; I guessed that they could have been
those of a barn, built and then abandoned some time in the
last couple of centuries.

"Just as I was saying as much, we found that we had
company; a gnarled old local, accompanied by a shabby dog,
was eyeing us with suspicion. We greeted him, and started
to tell him what we were doing there, but he just shrugged,
and then told us that his grandfather had told him that
there had once been a castle on the hill, but it had been
stolen away by the devil one dark night for its wickedness.
Presumably, this story is either a remarkable case of folk-
memory over seven centuries, ora complete coincidence..."

Rowan Castle:

$4) perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its
. y success, than to take the lead in the introduc-

tion of a new order of things. Because the
ue innovator has for enemies all those who have
done well under the old conditions, and lukewarm defenders in
those who may do well under the new."

— Niccolo Machiavelli, The Prince

It was perfectly reasonable for the chamberlain's secretary
tohave cause to visit the castle pantry, butit was unusual. Father
Paul looked about himself with care as he approached Gwen.

"Don't fret, singer," the serving woman murmured with a
cold smile, "there are no others around here at this moment."

"And don't you be so foolish," Paul snapped back. "Using
your witch-magic to tell yourself that could bring danger in itself.
We are in the heart of their place of power, with an army of
burning swords about us. If they take us for what we are, then
we will likely die within the hour."

The woman scowled. "I thought that you had their trust,"
she snapped.

"They do not trust. They know me for a true Christian,"
the secretary answered, "and as one awakened to the glory of
God. Thus do I pass among those who, in their hubris, claim to
have been embraced by angels, when they are barely worthy to
sing His praises. But they have power, for all their folly, witch-
woman — and should they know us for their enemies, neither
your witchcraft nor my faith would suffice to bring us from this
high place alive..."

A Stalwart Fortress

Overlooking a verdant valley in the west of England,
Rowan Castle was granted by the Crown to the Church,
and through them to General Christopher Wyndgarde.


S

= CASTLES
AND
oe ( COVENANTS

The castle provided the headquarters for Wyndgarde's
crusade across the isles. Even after its lord's death, the castle
endured, withstanding every attempt by its enemies to
dislodge its dedicated garrison. Rowan's able force of
Gabrielitesand Artificers still stands firm against the hordes
of faerie and the blood-worshipping Verbena.

But what use is valor when England suffers civil war?
Are there, perhaps, greater enemies than the pagans and
fae? The Daedaleans within debate the question and pray
that their answers should be correct. Rowan Castle is a
chantry that is enduring the storms of a swift-come Summer
that seems to be dying prematurely, and yet it refuses by pure
effort of collective will to sink into Autumn.

History

"When the Templars were called to arms they did not ask

gy how many the enemy were, only where they were."

— Jacques de Vitry

The Order of Reason has many alliances — and can
call on many favors — among the un-Awakened. The
Gabrielites have friends in the Church, and certain artisans
and healers are owed many debts for discreet favors done for
the nobility, which is always useful when a new stronghold
is desired. Rowan Castle is an example.

The site was once that of an old, unremarkable tower,
the holding of a knightly family. However, the last member
of that family died some decades ago; control of their lands
reverted to the Crown by default, and the tower fell into
decay. Then, in the year 1422, certain churchmen peti-
tioned the new, youthful king, declaring that they had need
for a holding from which to administer Church holdings
west of England. They also were undertaking that any estate
granted them for this purpose continued to fulfill its feudal
duties. Churchmen claimed a further need for men-at-arms
to protect traveling bishops, clerics investigating allega-
tions of witchcraft, and so on. Given the lawlessness of the
time, with lords' private armies roaming the land, this
seemed plausible, and the petition implied that the Crown.
would be able to call on the castle for support. Favors were
traded, proper documents were drawn up, and the old site
was assigned to an obscure monastic order.

Amongst the Daedaleans who rode the overgrown path
up the hill one spring morning wasa young, dedicated warrior
named Christopher Wyndgarde — one of the Venatores
Maleficorum. Although, throughout the rest of his life, he
spent more time riding the land than here, and he came to
regard Rowan Castle as the home of his mission. He took part
in the great ceremony that transformed the site into a
functioning Cray. And when he became Inquisitor-General
in the great effort to cleanse the islands of Britain of pagan
magick, he was granted the rooms at the top of the keep as his
own. To this day, many within the Order of Reason regard
the castle as Wyndgarde's memorial.

However, before he could declare his secret war, there |
was much building to be done. Craftmasons and Artificers
took the lead in this project, of course, but the influence of
the pragmatic Gabrielite soldiers led to something more
like an ordinary castle of the day than, say, the symbol-
laden White Tower.

Almost all castles serve more as centers of power and
homes for the mighty than as defense works, but since
Wyndgarde's death, the place has been tested in that func-
tion, too. The pagans and fae have never been strong (or
foolish) enough to try a full-scale assault, but they have tried
several sneak attacks and insidious magickal castings against
it. All have failed. The walls are strong and carved with
Craftmason symbols that repel magick as well as damage. The
Gauntlet in this region, too, is warded and watched. And the
castle's foundations are firmly affixed to bedrock. With
Commander Northbridge, perhaps the most capable planner
of defenses in all Britain, with authority over it, it won't fall
to main force. But then, far more castles fall to treason or
confusion among their defenders than ever fall to storm.

Che Setting:
Upona Green Hill

Rowan Castle stands at the head of a valley carved by a
small river which, not far away, flows into the lower reaches
of the great River Severn. In other words, it is in the
southwest Midlands of England — at the heart of the coun-
try, some might say. It is placed to control more than one road
through this productive agricultural region, but it is far
enough from any major town or city to avoid distracting
entanglements. From here, war parties ride forth westward
into the unruly mountains of Wales; or south, down the
Severn to the port of Bristol and to the southwestern penin-
sula, where too many mysteries remain on the moors and the
craggy coasts (and where the Verbena stronghold of
Glastonbury stands like a carbuncle on the face of England);
ornorth, into the cold dales; or east, either to the dubious but

important scholar-town of Oxford and to London, or to the
secret, ancient, enemy temple of Stonehenge.

This land is hill country. There are sheep farms and
villages visible from the castle battlements. Magic aside,
the lord of the castle can pay for a tolerable lordly life from
the proceeds of fair rents on the lands roundabout and
reasonable tolls on those adjacent roads. A shrewd but
uninformed visitor might wonder how sucha remote region
can support such a strong garrison, but few would guess at
anything supernatural.

The castle is actually some way from the nearest real
village, but there isa thin sprawl of cottages and huts beside
the path that leads up to the main gate. The residences
provide accommodations for servants, including some of
the castle's un-Awakened troops. Careful management of


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF

Se i

the stores enables the castle to feed itself by sending a large
cart to the nearest villages once a week or so.

Che Fortress

But all things are composed here

Sf Like Nature, orderly and near:

In which we the Dimensions find
Of that more sober Age and Mind,
When larger-sized Men did stoop
To enter at a narrow loop;
As practising, in doors so strait,
To strain themselves through Heavens Gate

— Andrew Marvell, Upon Appleton House

Rowan castle is likely to impress that hypothetical
visitor, as was its builders' intent. Its hilltop position pre-
cludes the creation of a moat, as is normal for a fortress in
a plains area, but high ground is always the best defense.
Sheer walls of golden stone rise from the green hill, lacking
even the notches in the stone that support scaffolding on a
structure built by entirely ordinary means. (The Craftmasons
have better construction methods than any Sleeper.) The
road twists around and back on itself as itapproaches the
main gate, so any attacker seeking'to batter at that weak
point is likely to come under fire from theadjacent towers:

Its plan is divided into three closely linked parts: inner
and outer courtyards, a great round tower, and the keep.
With steep slopes on three sides, a conventional assault of
any strength has to come from the fourth — which means
that the attackers have to take each of the three parts in
turn, while the defenders are able to draw back in good order
from each court. Furthermore, the tall keep is positioned to
command the entire castle.

The Outer Court

The outermost section is entered through a strong
main gate, flanked by small towers. It includes kitchens,
stables, and larger workshops. It has a bustling, businesslike
air and minimal decoration. Rowan Castle's main kitchens
and food storage reflect a Spartan Gabrielite approach,
although it is always well-provisioned.

In one corner, a narrow stairway leads down to a cellar
that is equipped as a jail. The powers that hold Rowan
Castle do not tend to hold prisoners long and do not engage
in pointless torture — but they keep what tools they may
need to do what duty demands. The cells have a number of
subtle features and devices that serve to make magickal
escape or rescue difficult.

)
\


<N =e =I CASTLES =
ist AND
4{@|__ COVENANTS . :

The outer court is separated from the next by a block
made up of very important parts: the places where the
garrison pray, meet and eat.

The Hall and Chapel

The great hall is not as richly decorated as those of
many lords, but there are a few hangings on the walls,
although some have designs showing secular scenes of
particular significance to the Order of Reason (such as the
Fall of Mistridge). The great oak dining tables are well-
made, and the high table is raised a few inches above the rest
of the room on a wooden platform. One floor up, a gallery
around the walls provides more standing space when mass
meetings take place here.

The castle's chapel is similarly austere, although pre-
dictably substantial. The walls are painted a plain white.
The altar furniture is rich, with much gold.

The Inner Court

The courtyard that comprises Rowan Castle's second
line of defense is mostly given over to accommodation for
the garrison. A large number of cell-like chambers line the
inside of the wall. These are mostly grouped round narrow
staircases and occupy two or three levels. Members of the
garrison live in close proximity, but are permitted privacy
for meditation, prayer or study. There are also a number of
small Artificer workshops, where special weapons and
magickal machinae can be constructed or maintained,
along with some food storage and kitchens (so that the
castle could hold out for an extended period even after the
outer court had fallen). There is also a small library, holding
holy books, ill-organized notes on types of enemy, and some
Artificer texts. (Each Artificer in the castle also has her
own personal notes.)

A short walkway leads from an upper gallery in the hall,
along the top of the inner court wall, to the keep. There is no
entrance into the keep at ground level, and the doorways
leading to the inner court battlements can be subject to fire from
multiple arrow slits and gun ports in the tower's higher levels.

The Keep

Visitors are rarely admitted to the keep, and only if they
| are known and trusted. Meetings take place in the hall or in
a smaller presence chamber in the inner court. In fact, this
tower is mostly set up as personal chambers for higher officers.

Commander Northbridge has plain rooms at its top,
including a small, windowed chamber in the roof space that
holds at least two Viasilicos (which only Northbridge and
a select few may use). The next floor down is occupied by
the Artificer Peter Jaspers. The magickal defenses of Rowan
Castle are ordered from here. Three more floors are a
mixture of smaller private quarters, along with a small
kitchen and food storage.

The lowermost floor of the keep has its floor a foot or so
below the level of the ground outside and consists of a single
chamber with white walls embellished with a large crucifix.
This heart of the Cray empowers Rowan Castle. A stone block
at the very center of the room often hasa fire burning on it, but
the room never becomes smoky or stuffy, and whatever is used
as fuel, the fire leaves only fine white ash — Tass.

Cabals

Occupants of the castle are divided in the household,
termed the Libera Familia, and the warrior garrison, who
follows old Templar Conventions and call themselves the
Commandery. Predictably, the latter are mostly Gabrielites,
while the Libera Familia is mostly Artisans — but members
of both Conventions are found in both categories.

The cabals of the Commandery are known as Lances.
Each hasa specific role, usually military. The Libera Familia
is grouped into chambers, which are named for the part of
the castle where they perform their primary duties.

The Magistrate's Gonfalon

This Lance — named for the banner that would be
borne at the head of an army — is the personal council and
guard of the commander of the fortress. As such, it is the
most powerful cabal in the place, although its members are
not as dedicated to combat as some.

Father Roderick is a tall, austere priest and member of
the Illustroferatores — and exorcist. He is an expert in the
spheres of Spirit and Prime, has been in residence at Rowan
Castle since the site was consecrated, and takes responsibil-
ity for the defense of its Gauntlet and the repulsion of
assaults from the worlds of spirits and demons. He has free
access to the castle's Cray. Although he has passed suffi-
cient knowledge onto others that the defenses would survive
his death, he can claim much credit for its survival of the
Decade of the Hunt.

Cuthbert Shand was appointed to the castle by
Northbridge's superiors — implying that the Order must
have come down from the White Tower itself. Northbridge
is too good of a soldier to do anything but spread the story
that he has been told to give out — that Shand is a scholar-
soldier who has come here to advise on the plans of the
Order of Reason and to serve as Northbridge's lieutenant
when necessary. Still, Northbridge must wonder and he has
heard whispers of a secret group within the Order. Shand
rarely uses magick, lest his idiosyncratic style draw atten-
tion. He is actually reasonably impressed with the castle's
condition, although he remains cautious.

Commander Northbridge

Background: Born the youngest son of a family of
minor gentry and warriors in the Scots Border region (on


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
= REASON

GF the Scottish side of the border, but no one in that land pays
much attention to that), Robert Northbridge saw merce-
fiary setvice as the obvious way to make sn honest enough
life. He was devout and honorable (and maybe naive)
enough to think that certain types of service might bear
more honor than others, and thus he eventually entered the
household of the Bishop of Durham as a guard. He saw
enough service guarding the bishop's lands against cross-
border raiders to polish his war skills.

It was while Northbridge was standing guard at the
bishop's house that he caught the eye ofa strange, stern visitor,
who was suggesting to the bishop that recent bloody troubles
in the area suggest something weirder than bandits. Unlike
most of the household, Northbridge did not laugh, even
nervously, at the visitor's hints — and the visitor requested
that Northbridge be sent with him when he rode forth into a
certain area of blasted moorland with a dark reputation.

That day saw a swift and desperate battle between the
visiting Gabrielites and the Unseelie fae who had been
tejoicing in its slaughter of innocent humans — a true
redcap, as folk of that area use the word. Northbridge paled
at the sight but stood his ground — and after the battle, the
visitor offered the young soldier a new and high duty.

In the years that followed, Northbridge earned the Kiss
of Gabriel and rose through the ranks of the Cabal of Pure

Thought, becoming the trusted lieutenant of General
Wyndgarde himself, who needed an aide with a cool head
and a tidy mind to organize. Wyndgarde inspired the
warriors, while Northbridge saw to their well-being.

Not that Northbridge's advice was enough to save
Wyndgarde one dark day outside ty. Suddenly, the
survivors of the army found themselves hunted and on the
defensive, and Wyndgarde's lieutenants were forced to
become leaders. His particular talents came into their own.
Drawing his forces back into secure castles, calming the
fearful with a simple word, plotting strategies on the eternal
principle that "This, too, shall pass," Northbridge held the
Gabrielites together for 10 dark years. He then led them for
15 more as the Hunt ebbed and his battle-hardened troops
allied with new forces from across the world to drive down

the forces of chaos once again. In all this time, he refused
the title of General (which is not a military rank at this
time) preferring the old Templar title of Commander.
There could only ever be one general in Rowan Castle.

ite the years that are just beginning to wear him W444

He speaks briskly, having largely lost his Borders accent.


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS P

Roleplaying Hints: Most of your brothers-in-arms

experienced a holy vision before entering the cabal;
was a slow-growing awareness, culminating in a confronta-
tion with bloody horror. Sometimes, in moments of vanity,
you think that slow and ful forging has made a strong
blade. It has made you determined that everything you see
as fair, true and worthy shall not fall to chaos and insanity.

You are a soldier to the core, but most of all, you are a
defender. You take no pleasure in bloodshed, but if there
must be death, you see to it that it is the death of enemies,
not soldiers. You are not frightened of decisions that could
send Gabrielites out to die, but their deaths should never be
in vain. Nor do you like torture; even monsters should be
given a clean death.

You deal briskly and politely with others, and you do
not concern yourself with abstractions. Theology is for
priests, and philosophy is for schoolmen. In combat, you
prefer to rely on sensible plans, augmented by quiet use of
"casual" effects (usually involving the spheres of Mind or
Life), which you think are no more than Heaven giving the
righteous their due. All else aside, you find that this way is
the best way to avoid the Scourge.

Quote: "So that is their idea — to fall on us by surprise.

Y MJ Well, we are not surprised..."

The Shield-Hand Lance

When all is said and done, Rowan Castle is a house of
soldiers — ones who prefer open battle to subtle war. The
Shield-Hand Lance represents this aspect of the chantry.
Its members are formally required and entitled to ride on
the left flank of the Commandery in any battle, and the
symbolism of their name has led quickly to the tradition

that they are among the sturdiest and most resolute of the
castle's garrison. They include two survivors of the Decade
of the Hunt — dour, grim men who fought when most they
knew were dead. One is William Harkness, of the Artificers
known as Mauls — a rugged veteran warrior who uses

hammers and maces of dark, massive metal is a focus for
calculated battle magick. As with all of this Lance, battle is
Harkness' lifework.

The Sword-Hand Lance

Granted the privilege of riding on the right flank of the
Commandery in battle, and thought of as the swiftest and
most fearsome of its warriors, the Sword-Hand Lance bears
a proud name. However, even the proud suffer misfortune.

In this case, it was the dark experience of losing a
comrade in battle. During a recent venture — what should
have been a simple scattering of a heathenish coven meet-
ing on the Yorkshire moors — a war party from Rowan
Castle was assailed by fae monsters and driven back
brethren and one Sword-Hand Lance fell that night. Seeing
their fellow's throat torn out by a hellhound that material-
ized from the very darkness of the night has left Perkin
Thorne and Edgar Earlham chastened and pensive, and
Commander Northbridge is wise enough not to give them
especially heavy duties for a while, perhaps until a new
Mediator can be found to round out the group.

The Curcopoles

Turcopoles were the light c:
forces such as the Templars; the
to all manner of warriors whose first duty is not nece:
to stand in the line of battle. However, this lance
task of determining what can be known of Rowan Castle's
with both scouting and spying.

ry arm of Crusader
rielites apply the name
sarily
s the

enemies. It deal:

Thus, members tend to be chosen for sharp wits and
expertise in the sphere of Connection. Leader Martin
Young is one of nature's cavalrymen, and he concerns

himself with scouting most; he usually uses a small force of
picked riders from among the castle's un-Awakened breth-
ren. Rowan Castle makes few efforts toward spying out its
enemies (if actually possible), and it depends on the aid of
subtler Daedalean lodges for intelligence. However, the
Lance's Artificer, Maria van Ruyter, provides some exotic
magickal capabilities, if only through her interest in tele-
scopes and other optical devices.

Martin Young

Background: Born into an old Bedfordshire family of the
knightly class, Martin Young was drawn to the Gabrielites as
much through ideals of honor and knighthood as through
religion. His faith — and his holy vocation —are genuine, but
some suspect thathe isa knight firstand a servant of God second.


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

°
9 ‘o

> C %fa®q Ie
9°38 p} @, 210.0 ofa. 3} o
<4 CRgSe gfe foe Pace

Young is a dashing, swift-footed fellow, and a fine
horseman with a sharp eye, as well as an inspiring leader of
men. These attributes have led him to command a lance at
an early age. The cabal sees this result as a fair test of his
talents. As the youngest of the garrison regularly sit in
council, he argues for action over caution, although he is

not foolish. One of Young's great concerns lies in the realm
of Sleeper poli His family is a longtime supporter of the
Lancastrian cause in England's civil wars, and Martin
declares that the Cabal of Pure Thought should not stand
by while a "usurper" holds the throne of the land.
y Image: Slim, graceful and fair-skinned, Martin tries to
Qs Y .
SAKES bear himself asa knight out of the old tales. For this reason,
woe
Se

uy

he is usually found in a brigantine jacket and practical
=z clothes, whatever the situation.
A') Roleplaying Hints: Your sword is ever by your side,
and your sense of honor is ever sharp — that is all that the
world needs to know. As you are on the side of the angels,
you need not worry yourself about theology when you need
to make decisions. You are polite, especially to your social
equals, for courtesy is a knightly virtue — but you do not
believe in standing on ceremony. You speak your mind
when the
Quot

and honor!"

The Esquire's Lance

Charged with command of un-Awakened troops and
with standing in reserve in battle, the Esquire's Lance is
numerous, adaptable and cautious, although not very pow-
erful. Most members of the group are little more than
Apprentices, and it is significant that they are of low social

sue is important.
‘Our duty is clear, my friends. For truth, God,

A

origins. Many are from the Celtic lands or the far southwest.

The Lance's duties naturally extend to manning the castle's
defensive cannon, and for this reason and others it has
acquired Artificer members.

Zebedee Welsh is the leader of the Lance. Florence of
Worcester, of the Illustroferatores, is a capable healer who
deals with the castle's medical requirements. Although
Florence represents the Gabrielites in their merciful aspect,
she is not soft or sentimental. She has no time for malinger-
ers, and she could preach a fiery sermon on the holy mission
of the warrior arm were this permitted. The frivolous of the
garrison secretly comment that Florence's rank as a Knight
of God is more than a formality.

The Chancellery

The Chancellery deals with the running of Rowan
Castle — and also with peaceable dealings with the world,
both mundane and Awakened. Therefore, this "chamber"

scrupulous about acknowledging the high position of the
Lances. Andre is an Artificer of the Pythagori guild, whose
skill lies more in guiding the hands of others than in
invention. If he realized what his secretary, Father Paul, was
truly about, Andre would know true humility. The third
member, Brother Luke, is an aging, not very powerful
Illustroferato. He spends his time buried in books and
records, although his organized mind is of true service.

Father Paul

Background: Faced with the half-secret struggle be-
tween the Gabrielites and the pagans and fae of Britain, the
Traditions have been obliged to take sides. Even the devout
Christians of the Celestial Chorus fear what the Order of
Reason might do if they triumph here, which does not make
the actions forced on them any easier.

Paul of Falmouth was born intoa knight's household, and
he had little difficulty in entering the church when he showed
an overwhelming dedication to God. However, that dedica-
tion took the form ofa miraculous song in his soul, and he soon
fell in with his natural friends in the Chorus. His time on this
path was spent quietly, so it was safe to assume that he was not
known to others as a member of the Traditions.

Thus, Paul came to be asked to perform a dangerous
and essential task: to enter into the house of the proud foe
and to report what he found. In due humility, he agreed.

To the Gabrielites, this new brother was clearly pos-
sessed of great faith and prior enlightenment. If he seemed
almost uncertain of the knights' holy mission of warfare,
well, the Order can respect Christian gentleness, and it has
its place for healers and scholars. Paul's power was too
useful. He was soon given a task in the fortress-garrison.


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

hy and careful in
his movements. He rarely smiles, or even speaks. He dresses
in the simple garb of a priest.

Roleplaying Hints: You have accepted all that has been
assigned to you, but the weight of your double burden is great.
Youmust standaside when proudkillers commit violenée in
the namé of his getle God. Then, you must betray faithful
Christians into the jaws of unholy'Hounds. You cannot Warn
the Traditions of éyery threat}/for you are not privy to every
planyyou cannét endanger your Sw#f secrecy tod often, and
messengers are all too slow. But nor can youjudge for yourself
which enemies of the castle are truly wrong. Even having
adopted a "heretic" faith that denies the significance of
confession, you wonder what dispensation can shield you
from the punishment due your lies and deceit.

Thus, you seem quiet to those about you; it is the safest
way. It, too, is deception. On the rare occasions when you
can safely speak freely, you are quite eloquent.

Quote: "This is a sad time, and we must learn from it
Perhaps caution is the lesson?"

CheArmory

In the war for men's souls, good blades are a necessity.
From the day when Wyndgarde's March was proclaimed,
Attificers stepped forward to lend the crusaders aid. Their
reasons for doing soare rarely questioned. It is not courteous
to challenge the faith of others. In Rowan Castle, these
Artificers form the chamber known as the Armory. They
are led by Peter Jaspers, a Grand Artisan who is considered
to be the leader of his Convention in the castle.

By courtesy, this group is considered to include one
memberof another Convention — Charles of Westmorland,
a Craftmason whose daily task for many years has been to
oversee the maintenance and improvement of the castle
walls. In truth, he is respected almost as much for his
inspirational proclamation of the justice of the Order of
Reason's crusade against the uncanny.

Peter Jaspers

Background: Born to a family of mundane craftsman-
armorers in the great city of London, young Peter Jaspers
was intrigued by the family trade. His father feared that he
was a little too much of a dreamer, albeit good with his
hands. However, Peter soon realized that one of the high-
ranking guild-masters who sometimes visited the workshop
seemed interested in some of the same sorts of things as
himself. Peter pestered the man for instruction.

Thus began Jasper's steady advance through the ranks
of the High Artisans, specifically the Forgers. Although he
showed the full range of talents that the Convention
demands, Peter always returned to his first love: the cre-
ation of arms and armor. He offered his services to Rowan
Castle and rose to high rank there. His creations are much
appreciated by those about him.

Image: Sandy-haired, slender by the general standards
of the hard-hammering Forgers, and with a growing squint
(caused by perpetual close inspection of his creations),
Jasperseis nonethelessstypical of his kind. He wears guild
regaliaewhen he mustpbut he is mostly found in a rough
tunic and heavy apron, slender hammer in hand.

Roleplaying Hints: You are dedicated to the ideals of
the High Artisans, in a very personal way. You love inven-
tion and despise those who hinder it. Your personal interest


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

a

is in weapons — not that you much enjoy causing harm to
others, but there is something dramatic and satisfying about
the firing of a well-made cannon. The solidity and smooth
perfection of such devices please you, and with all the
dangers and lunatics in the world, they can definitely be
used for good. You take every opportunity to show how your
handiwork can help defend this castle and its people.
You get on best with other Artificers. You suspect that
Gabrielites trust too much to faith, and you do not under-
stand how the Lord best aids those who take the trouble to
prepare themselves and their tools. However, you can work
with them on your shared aims. You simply shrug off
You are a maker, not a talker,

challenges to your belie
which means that you get things done while those who
disagree with you argue.

Quote: "My suggestion is that we mount light cannon over
the gate. | have drawings prepared of the type of piece best
suited."

Charles of Westmorland

Background: Power can be gained through loss; is the
gain is worth the price?

Charles the Tiler was an honest, hardworking, and
reasonably content countryman dwelling in the north of
England. He had a fair wife, pretty twins — a son and
daughter — and some small pleasure in his work. When he
put a roof on a new building or repaired an old structure, he
felt a sense of calm.

Then came the confused night when a band of fae
' home village. When the chaos
children were gone — stolen
Their mother took the loss badly;
vas dead and Charles could see tha

swept down on Charl

ed, the tiler's belc

by the "fair fol

within six months, she

she died of a broken heart.

Somewhere in those months of grief, something awoke
in Charles. It might have withered or twisted, save that a
party of visitors came walking out of the mists, and he
looked at them and knew them as brothers. When he
learned what he could do with them, it was sufficient to
make him cast aside his paralysis, pass their tests with
furious dedication and join their ranks.

Charles was a builder, born and bred. He could not
make himself into a warrior. In any case, he can build
something that achieves more of his hopes than any sword
stroke. He does not call it revenge. He does not bother
speaking of justice, which he leaves to lawyers and nobles.
Charles of Westmorland is helping build rightness.

Image: An aging, weathered man who lacks the magick
to hold off advancing yee harles has the build of a
laborer, and his strength remains formidable. He is never
clad in anything but plain builder's garb, and he is usually
preoccupied with some important practical matter.

who actually prefers action over talk — but you talk when
you must and with passion. You do not speak overmuch of
your personal tragedy, but you explain your reasons if
anyone asks. You respect most of the people in the castle. If
some of them treat you as socially beneath them — that's
only to be expected of knights. At least these knights put
their swords to good use.

Quote: "We do not fight for glory, or for the favor of
Heaven, or for the love of fighting. Our battle is with those who
tear children from the breasts of their mothers and souls from the
love of God. We fight because if we do not, everything we value
will die. Everything!"

Consors and Servants

Gabrielite warriors see themselves as knights — and
anyone who knows the first thing about war, knows that
knights need foot-soldiers for support. On the other hand,
these Knights of God are not so proud as to refuse to man the
walls of a castle, or to hold a line on foot, spear in hand. And
multitudes of armed men do attract unwelcome attention. The
castle's Artificers, meanwhile, need a few skilled assistants.

Thus, Rowan Castle has only a moderate number of
"grogs," along with necessary non-combatant servants.
That said, many of them are full brethren of the Cabal of
Pure Thought, with some Gabrielites and a few Craftmasons.
They are capable folk, and the 30 battle-ready soldiers have
all been trained in weapon skills and are tested in battle.
Like the Awakened garrison, they include some veterans of
Wyndgarde's March and the Decade of the Hunt.


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

Gwen the Serving Woman

Background: Seemingly a local farm girl who has
found employment in the castle kitchens, Gwen is truly
Gwendolyn of the Third Moon, a Verbena witch who has
been placed here by the Traditions to spy and to bear
messages from Father Paul. Paul's place in the castle does
not permit him much freedom of movement. Gwen was
born in this part of the country and careful applications of
Mind-magick by other Verbena ensure that her story stands
up to inspection. Devout and courageous in her work,
Gwen is not dangerously careless.

Gwen's spying consists of quiet observation and mes-
sage-bearing; anything else involves too much risk. She
deliberately keeps her Pattern purged of detectable Quin-
tessence and actually uses a small spell to prevent her
Daemon from drawing such stuff to itself.

Image: Gwen dresses in the tattered, plain style that
her subterfuge demands, as she was largely chosen for her
unremarkable appearance (and Arcane innocuousness).
She lacks any great skill in acting, but she can keep her
mouth closed and her eyes averted as well as any. If Gwen

was exposed, or if she returned to the company of other
Verbena, her manner would become much more brash and
forceful. That is her true nature. It was probably as well for
her that she has magickal talent, as she would have made a
poor downtrodden peasant.

Roleplaying Hints: You have a task to perform here,
and you are going to see it through — but oh, there is no joy
to be found amongst these sanctimonious killers! Father
Paul is only tolerable for what he does, not for what he is.
You are absolutely certain that these people live only to
murder what is beautiful. What annoys you most is to hear

It's clearly all lies.

Quot

Politics
I will not cease from mental fight,
Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand,
Till we have built Jerusalem
In England's green and pleasant land
— William Blake, Milton
Gabrielites have their troubles, but they rarely include

Forgive me, milord. I'll be going now."

a lack of determination or a failure to decide on goals. And
it is the Gabrielites who set the tone of Rowan Castle.
Differences here revolve around the question of whether to
face the foe from behind strong walls while mustering more
strength, or whether the time is now for a counter-stroke.
Older members, who have personal and terrible recollec-
tions of the Decade of the Hunt, tend to be either more
cautious or more vengeful than their younger comrades —
sometimes both.

A secondary question is gaining importance: how far
the castle should become involved in the concerns of the
mundane world. England is presently divided between the
supporters of the houses of York and Lancaster, and while
York seems to be very much in the ascendant since their
great victory at Towton, there is still considerable friction
in the land and at court. Young King Edward is making
enemies of his recent allies and of his own brother, and the
deposed King Henry still has supporters. Rowan Castle, its
creation rationalized by the troubles of Henry's youth, may
find it difficult to avoid involvement — and the garrison
includes supporters of every faction. Northbridge reminds
his men that their mission transcends such concerns, but in
council, Martin Young persists in pressing the argument
that "when the land is led by a usurper, the godly cannot
stand by." This stipulation raises a sticky question: the
castle was founded by Henry's permission, with an implicit
declaration of personal loyalty to him — although it is just
as arguable that the oath was given to the Crown, and that
it should thus now have been transferred to Edward.

The presence of no less than two enemy spies in the
castle is a deadly, unknown threat, of course. But the spies
perhaps have more differences than their foes. At least the
resident Ksirafai is no problem to anyone — for now.

Future Sates

From The Tourist Guide to Ruins: The Welsh Borders,
published 1996:

"A little further up the valley, but well worth the
journey for anyone staying around Stroud or even Evesham,
are the ruins of the fifteenth-century Rowan Castle. Admit-
tedly, there's barely one stone standing on another on this


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

hilltop site, but archaeological work in the '60s cleared
enough of the foundations to reveal the true scale of this
relatively short-lived fortress. Oddly enough, Rowan doesn't
appear much in records of the time, and its military impor-
tance must have been limited — in fact, itseems to have been
an exercise in conspicuous consumption on the part of an
obscure noble who was probably building beyond his means
— but if the reconstruction by the team from Coventry
y) University is correct, this castle was ona par with its contem-
) porary at Raglan, in Wales. On the other hand, the walls may
never have been entirely completed, or it's possible that the

large round tower, whose foundations are unmistakable, was
a later replacement for an earlier double-courtyard structure,
perhaps an attempt to create a more modest but still impres-
sive tower-house keep during a temporary resurgence of
family fortunes late in the century..."

A) The Palazzo Chearini:

What Gold Affords
C ed eople of the same trade seldom meet to-
gether, even for merriment and diversion,
but the conversation ends in a conspiracy
f Tord) against the public, or in some contrivance to
| | Nid f} raise prices."

pride Lan P — Adam Smith, An Inquiry into the
Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations

The little hire-boat — the gondola — slipped easily through
the bustling canal waters, and Diego found himself gawking at
everything about him — especially the great gilded palaces,
whose walls plunged vertically into the water... With an effort
of will, he forced his mouth closed. He was coming to compre-
hend how much he had to learn, but one thing that the captain had
already taught him was that it was most unwise to let others see
that they had impressed you.

Not that the captain was watching Diego just then — or at
least, not much. Rather, he was in the prow of the boat, looking
forward. But not standing upright for a best view. No, Captain
Diatelli was hunched, tense, like a cat waiting beside a mouse-
hole. Diego had certainly learned better than to try to guess the
captain's thoughts, but at that moment, the captain knew what
was ahead of them and was preparing for conflict.

The boat turned left to a small jetty, and a servant whose
shire bore some kind of insignia helped the gondolier tie up, and
then he turned to offer the captain assistance. But the captain
was already on the jetty, and Diego followed him. Again, Diego
forced himself not to show too much of his feelings, despite that
this place was one of the grandest, and one of the strangest. Then
came a solid oak door and a broad flight of marble steps — at the
head of which stood a woman clad in silks that would surely pay
for a voyage the length of the Mediterranean.

"Diatelli!" the woman said delightedly, "How went your
voyage? I see that you have returned with at least one prize." Her
eyes barely skimmed over Diego, and yet he sensed that he was
noted. "Talent is always a valuable investment..."

A Summary of Accounts

Venice!

While archaic wizards huddle in out-of-the-way hiding
holes, or they place themselves high above the "common
herd" in antiquated castles, members of the High Guild
prefer more practical locations — in, say, the heart of the
greatest merchant city on Earth. There, they can give shelter
torestless, questing Void Seekers, who serve them by finding
new markets and better routes to known lands. The High
Guild pays the Seekers with justifications for their travels, to
place before suspicious potentates along the way, as well as
a roof beneath which to rest between journeys. And both
appreciate Venice, the city of Marco Polo and the capital of
the greatest mercantile power in the world. j

power cannot help but become a magnet for mages. The
Order of Reason has a clear edge in the city, with their great
headquarters of Locus Praesidii exerting influence all across
the Adriatic, but some members of the Order keep more
private houses here, where they can go about their particu-
lar business. Among these, the Thearini, a trading and
banking family, stand proudly in their silks and furs, and
their Palazzo reflects their power.

Compared to the mighty fortresses presented elsewhere
in this book, this lodge might seem small and sedate. "Small"
is a relative matter. "Sedate," on the other hand, is a long
way from the truth. Money and trade breed conflicts of all
kinds. The wily Guildsmen run a tight house, but even the
best of friends could stab you in the back if the price is right.

History

The Thearini are among the least of the great in
Venice. They are an established patrician family, one of the
Case Grandi (Great Houses), their names long established
in the city's "Book of Gold." They have never played a
leading part in city politics or provided a serious candidate
for the office of Doge (head of the city), or even many
members to the powerful Council of Ten (let alone the {\
sinister inner Council of Three). Most other Case Grandi
discount them or consider them useful minor allies when a
vote must be made certain.

This is an error, largely inspired by Thearini manipu-
lation. From early times, the family cultivated connections
with the builders and craftsmen of the city and became
aware of the plans that were being worked into its architec-
ture. They may have been patricians, but they helped
Craftmason plans with money, favors, and patronage, and


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS ¥ =

in return, the most promising children of the family were
granted levels of initiation.

But they remained traders, pointing out to their allies
that this brought in the funds that paid for the sacred
building work. One Giovanni Thearini was among the
Venetian delegates at the White Tower in 1325, and hence
became one of the founders of the High Guild. The combi-
nation of this new alliance with established Venetian
trading-power was highly lucrative, and the Thearini were
soon able to order the construction of a new, grander palace
in the heart of the city — built according to precise
Craftmason and Artificer calculations.

However, since then, the Thearini have moved away
from that old alliance; they find the Craftmasons too crass,
and too slow. The future, they believe, lies in the expansion
of the web of trade and finance that the High Guild is
casting across the world. A building is a starting point and
acomfort, not an end in itself! They would rather deal with
<I the Void Seekers — who may be dreamers, but who at least
look outward. Thus, there is a permanent Void Seeker
presence in the Palazzo Thearini today, whereas the
Craftmasons only come here as visitors.

Mariana Thearini, present matriarch of the house, is
becoming worried about its past. The Craftmasons are very
clever, in their way, but she does wonder if they were
completely open about the significance of the geometry
they worked into the Palazzo's plan a hundred years ago. It
is not pleasant, when one lives in a house built on water, to
think that another may have power over its foundations.
Thus, Mariana has commissioned the clever Gabriel Lanier
(a Celestial Master, but wise enough to be trustworthy) to
investigate the matter — carefully. In the meantime, she is
also commissioning countless small embellishments and
changes, all from Sleeper craftsmen, in the hope that the
cumulative effect is to diminish the power of any "sacred
geometry" worked into the original plan.

The Thearini are skilled traders who rarely pass up an
opportunity for profit. However, they also understand that
a good reputation leads to greater profits in the long run.
They are respected by the other merchant houses of the city
as fair dealers. One great quirk is that they are also occa-
sional vampire hunters.

They have encountered bloodsuckers from time to time
in the past, and there are hints of a bitter ancient grudge, but
today, vampire-slaying has simply become.a venerable tradi-
tion for the house — and a fine (if dangerous) sport for the
youngsters. If asked, they say that "vampires accumulate
greater debts than they are ever willing to pay." The subtle
traders*disdain the'Kindred as tyrannical killers-In the
Thearini view, most foes should be left to live once one has
overpowered them. True victory is a foe who must live with
defeat and inferiority (and perhaps poverty). Vampires, how-
ever, are destroyers, who should themselves be destroyed.

The house does not only fight such enemies themselves, it
also aids anyone who is fighting vampiric opposition.

Surroundings

I stood in Venice, on the Bridge of Sighs;

A palace and a prison on each hand:

I saw from out the wave her structures rise
As from the stroke of the enchanter's wand...

— Lord Byron, Childe Harold's Pilgrimage

The drawback with Venice is, of course, that it's built
on water — more precisely, on islands in a lagoon. As a
result, every square inch of solid land is valuable, and even
the masters of secret arts must cram their palaces hard
against those of mortal neighbors. But although the Palazzo
is sighted in the midst of a 100,000 Sleepers and was built
by mortal toil, its setting is as ornate and fantastical as most
mages could desire.

The building itself is impressive by Venetian standards.
Craftmason builders had little love for the ornate "Venetian
Gothic" style of most of its neighbors, preferring plain,
semicircular arches (and proportions based on secret math-
ematical rules). Mariana's obsessive refurbishments have
included additions to the external decorations, however.
Like the adjacent buildings, it is now embellished with relief
panels and marble insets. Because it isa reasonably prosperous
neighborhood, albeit tucked away down a lesser canal, every
building along that canal — palazzos, churches, lesser houses
— has at least some marble pillars and decoration. Many,
including this Palazzo, have a little gold leaf where it looks
best. One of Mariana's additions is a row of four classical-style
statues in niches along the upper front, which only the
initiated are likely to recognize as Daedalean heroes.

The Palazzo can only generally be approached by way
of the canal at its front — either by boat, or along a narrow
walkway. There are a whole row of landing stages, watched
by efficient servants. Although most of the house's trade
passes through warehouses nearer to the open sea, a few
small cargoes of exceptional value are brought to the
Palazzo by small craft. Some younger members of the
household enjoy using alternative approaches, mostly across
neighboring rooftops. Older members know most of these
tricks, and an attacker has to be very clever to find an
unguarded approach route. Each adjacent building is also
secretly owned by the Thearini, or belongs to a Thearini
client, or (in the case of a church) owes much to Thearini
patronage. The house is far better shielded here than it
might appear at first.

The Palazzo Building

Because of the high value of land in the city, Venetian
palazzos do not usually include the courtyards popular
everywhere else in Italy. In the simplest view, the Palazzo


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

Thearini is a plain rectangular box, with a shallow-pitched
roof, and a frontage embellished with pillars topped with
semicircular arches. Low towers — little more than rein-
forced pairs of pillars — mark the front corners. It has an
impressive number of windows. Venice is not much troubled
with stone-throwing street riots, while light is ata premium
in these cramped quarters, and houses must take what
illumination they can get.

Note that the Palazzo has no direct access to Crays or
other places of power; the whole neighborhood is com-
pletely lacking in mystickal significance. The High Guild
prefers small and subtle magicks that do not need much
enhancement. If members want Quintessence, they can
always trade for it.

Entrance and Work

The ground floor of the Palazzo is fronted with an arcade
and consists of open storage space for both those small,
valuable cargoes and for the house's day-to-day supplies.
Kitchens are also tucked away here. A large doorway at the
front center leads straight onto a marble staircase up to the
main living and working quarters. These are a mixture of
dining and sitting rooms and offices. The Thearini do not
distinguish between "work" and "life." The ceilings are high
and the fittings sumptuous. Visitors are received here, and
the Thearini wish to ensure that they are impressed.

The two largest rooms are the "counting chamber" and
the dining hall. The former is lined with desks, at which a
number of clerks work and calculate likely profits and
amounts due and owed. These are un-Awakened servants,
although Carlo Thearini keeps a close eye on their efforts.
Mundane prospective business partners are brought here to
impress on them the diligence and substance of the house's
dealings. The Thearini may also ensure that visiting mages
of other houses are treated similarly to remind them of the
hard work that underlies the Palazzo's splendor. The dining
hall is far more ornate, its walls being hung with tapestries,
its floor covered with Eastern rugs. The Thearini are not
gluttons, but they enjoy the intricacies of conversation over
food and drink — and they have never forgotten the
mundane Mind-magick that can be achieved by overwhelm-
ing a visitor's senses, giving him or her a little more wine...

Sleeping, Relaxation and Secrets

The floor above holds the family and guest sleeping
quarters and some private offices. This floor is cozy, with
low ceilings, but luxurious nonetheless. It is also the loca-
tion of several secret panels and doors. The Thearini are not
obsessive about such tricks, but this floor is something of a
maze, and the additional features have many uses. Needless
to say, all guest bedrooms can be spied on.

The space above is servant quarters and is plainly
appointed, although pleasant by the common standards of

Also on this level, but with a separate access, sits a small
astronomical observatory (for Lanier's use), and a small
armory. A secret panel in the wall, known to family mem-
bers and a few trusted servants, leads into a second armory,
filled with slender blades and Artificer creations.

Cabals

This lodge is divided into three loose factions, each of
which actsasacabal. In addition, it has alliances with other
High Guild Chantries and friendly contact with Void
Seeker mobile lodges.

An impressive number of Thearini Awaken these days,
and the Palazzo is run by family members. Of course, not all
of the family passes the tricky High Guild admission tests.
However, most of them are sooner or later assigned to
routine trading vessels or to running houses in outlying
cities or towns, ifonly to save them from becoming cannon-
fodder or hostages in the struggles of the Awakened. 7

Similarly, any member of the family with an un-
Awakened spouse and children usually keeps them safe in
an obscure house away from the Palazzo. Other Thearini
tend to consider the exploitation of a cousin's loved ones in
a family feud crass, excessive and likely to provoke danger-
ous revenge, butit is considered wise to leave the defenseless
away from the battlefield. Offspring are introduced only to
the family business when they are old enough to help (and
to know when to seek cover), and generally have the secret
mysteries of the house's higher activities revealed to them
by slow stages over many years.

Conversely, the chantry is not averse to recruiting new
talent from without the family. Despite a growing clannish-
ness that may become dangerous in a few generations, itstill
recognizes that power and cleverness are the keys to success.

Che Keepers of the Palazzo

This cabal represents the personal faction of the heads of
the house. Its power is greater than its numbers might imply
because it commands most of the house's funds, good name,
and servants' loyalty. Roberto Thearini, the current patriarch
and Magistrate, is still a formidable figure despite his gray hair
and growing paunch, buthe has come to delegate much of the
day-to-day exercise of power to his third wife, Mariana.
Having been a respected figure in the Sun Guild for most of
his life, he now seems to be negotiating a place within the
Patrons' Guild. Some of Roberto's family believe that he may
be seeking to employ alchemists to extend his life, and they
may be correct, or he may feel that since accumulated
substantial wealth, he feels duty-bound to find uses for it. He
does become forceful, however, if the house ethics of fair
dealing and vampire-slaying are ever questioned.


= CASTLES
AND
( COVENANTS

At his right hand sits Gabriel Lanier, a French-born
astronomer (and astromancer of the House of Prometheus),
who the Thearini employ to plot better maps of trade routes
(based on observations of the sky) and to improve naviga-
tional arts. Gabriel provides an invaluable alternative
conception of the Ars Praeclarus. Carlo Thearini, a junior
cousin, is also considered to be of this faction, despite his
youth. A pale, plump, unprepossessing fellow, Carlo seems
obsessed with numbers and accounts and lacks the spark of
revolt that drives others to challenge the status quo. He
entered the High Guild more on intellectual talent than flair,
and what to others is a financial risk is a plain calculation to
him. (He is a member of the Royal Griffin Guild by default.)

Mariana Chearini

Background: Born a peasant-girl in a dull village
northwest of Venice, young Mariana seemed doomed to an
unremarkable life, despite the depth that struck most of
those who met her surliness. All changed, however, the day
¥ that a fine merchant-lord rode through her village and
stopped to water his horse. He glanced at the girl, then
looked again and made her look into his eyes. When he rode
out, she rode a spare horse, and her parents stared in
befuddled confusion at a purse of silver coins, while their
neighbors gossiped in jealous fury.

In fact, Roberto Thearini never took Mariana to his bed
for several years, until his second wife was dead (and she died
of honest natural causes) and until a decent period of mourn-
ing past. He married Mariana soon after. Not that the marriage
was hard to justify by then, for she had decent amounts of
money on her own account (somewhat to the confusion of
much of Venice, but, well, the Thearini are a strange family).
She had been put to work advising traders in silks and spices

es
Wy,

P|
*

\

what the mid-ranking women of Venice would pay most for,
and when she was not moving through that level of society
with her ears open, she was studying the Ars Cupiditae.

Image: Despite the best dresses and cosmetics that her
fortune can afford, Mariana has never been accounted more
than tolerably handsome — she can never keep a look of
cool calculation out of her eyes for long — but she impresses
everyone she meets. She dresses well, of course, and her hair
remains dark.

Roleplaying Hints: You of all people should know that
the path to power involves determination, forethought, and
sometimes ruthlessness. But you also understand some truths
that too many others forget — that your success depends on
allies, that debts should be honored, and that loyalty is key to
success. Deal politely with strangers, respectfully with the
powerful, and briskly with fools, and make sure that you have
the best advice when a possible danger lies outside your field
of expertise. And never forget that others may have plans as
long in the shaping as your own.

Quote: You may wish to reconsider what you have just said.
Itis far more profitable to deal fairly with us than it is to threaten...

The Blades of Chearini

The Blades of Thearini are younger and less closely
related members of the house and are joined in a loose
alliance to press their impatient claims against their staid
elders. Although, these rebellious youths being Awakened,
their activities take a subtle and rarefied form, when they
venture out to playhouse or carnival in their silken finery,
they could be mistaken for an upper-class gang. Ah, youth...

The cabal is dominated by Carlotta Thearini, Roberto's
daughter by his first wife. Carlotta has evidently inherited
all of the family talent and ambition and an additional
measure of ruthlessness. The rest of the Blades hold her in
awe; being intelligent for the most part, they combine this
awe with a healthy nervousness. Roberto and Mariana
spend entire evenings pondering how to render Carlotta's
energy into a form that is more safe to have around the
Palazzo, without destroying her potential usefulness.

The oldest and apparently most staid of the Blades is
Abraham Orafo, known within the house as "Abraham de
L'Oro." As his name implies, his family has long been
established in the gold-working and jewelry trades, but in
recent years, they have started to use their good name,
considerable wealth, and well-built strong-rooms to facili-
tate their entry into the trade of money-lending — the new
field of banking. Abraham was identified and recruited by
the High Guild to reinforce its connections; having been
well-read and educated by his people well before that,
Abraham's use of the Ars Cupiditae has a strange, cabalistic
tone. The rest of the Blades made a point of befriending him
asan alternate source of funds to their family elders. It is not
entirely clear why he associates with them, but he no doubt


— CHAPTER IL: iS ; le,
THE ORDER OF Vai
: =| REASON oy:

has his reasons. Although he is less brash and genuinely less
violent than they are, he has depths.

The rest of the Blades are cousins and outside recruits.
Cousin Antonio Thearini displayed unusual, interesting
talents and was sponsored to study at the great university in
Florence, where he worked his into the Hippocratic
Circle. Now home, Antonio mixes interest in family affairs
with private study of the healing arts. He is to be sum-
monsed if the family ever needs medical aid, especially if the
circumstances are peculiar.

Carlotta Thearini

Background: It is untrue that the children of the rich are
invariably spoiledand incompetent. Certainly, Roberto Thearini
made sure that his own offspring were taught tomake themselves
useful from the first. And when his daughter Carlotta showed
exceptional potential, he ensured that she was given every
opportunity to develop it, but with no special favors.

It is unclear whether she is at all embittered that she
received less help than she might have hoped, or whether
she simply learned the lesson that her father wished to
teach. Carlotta is almost as subtle as Roberto would wish,
but she is perhaps a little too fond of her Awakened powers
vise. She
has accumulated substantial wealth on her own account,

and may use them at times when it is not entire

which she uses from behind the scenes in trade ventures.
Each is potentially profitable, but no one deal is large
enough to break her if it should somehow go wrong.
akers
and cosmetics-vendors are paid generously to ensure that
she makes the most of her appearance. She cultivates an
exceptionally courteous and generally outgoing manner,
but it is no more than an act.

Image: Carlotta is still a young woman. Dress

‘)
a

Roleplaying Hints: You are good at what you do and
enjoy it. However, you do not gloat — cool politeness
reduces the complaints that can be made against you, and
demonstrates to others that you are not even exerting
yourself as you defeat them. You are on watch for opportu-
nities more often than not, but you are not an entirely
soulless person; you do enjoy music and wit.

Quote: Shall we dance? So much more pleasant than
discussing business just here, I think...

The Knights of the Wave

The Void Seeker presence within the Palazzo Thearini
consists of a loose clique of trader-seamen, ambassadors and
map-makers who accept the shelter of the house in ex-
change foraconditional sort of loyalty. Their acknowledged
leader, when he isin residence, is Captain Ludovico Diatelli,
a respected navigator. They also include Jessemini Talos, a
highly capable weather-witch who enjoys keeping her birth
and background enigmatic, Alexander Ekotherios, a Greek

his farnily's icsual guild, bur'whose restlessness led hinviiot
only into the Albatross Guild, but into showing more
sympathy with the Seekers chan with profitable trade.

Captain Diatelli

Background: Many people, even within his Conven-
tion, are uncertain whether Ludovico Diatelli is one of the
cleverest and subtlest of the Void Seekers, or something of
a fraud. In his youth, a couple of decades ago, he took part
in some great expeditions. Rumor has it that he helped
prepare maps that are to be released, in partial form, to
Sleepers before the end of the century, when the Daedaleans
are ready to bring two worlds together. However, as Diatelli
grew older, he grew more fond of the comforts of home.
Today, he rarely leaves the Mediterranean — the sea that
the Seekers know better than any other.

He says that he has made it his work to know this sea
perfectly: to plot every detail of its islands, the precise
position of its shoals and reefs, the dangers and safe havens
of its coasts. Some believe Diatelli, while others mutter that
he has lost that which makes a true Seeker. However, he
remains a dashing, flamboyant captain and has established
himself as a near-permanent resident in the Pala:
abling him to arrange finance for numerous expeditions and
schemes. Thus, his exact motivations matter little.

Diatelli has recently taken an apprentice, Diego of
Valencia. The boy, formerly a dockside street urchin, shows
substantial mystickal potential and worships the captain.

Image: Diatelli works to ensure that his increasing
years give him an additional air of wisdom and mature
charm, without slowing him down. Athletic and alert, he
has just a touch of gray at the temples. (So distinguished!)


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

tant enough to merit careful thought as to the appropriate
response. (Note, incidentally, that while it may be easy
enough to protect against mind-magic, it is hard to conceal
the protection, let alone the fact of an Awakened Dae-
mon.) That said, some such "visitors" have been slain.
No traitor has ever found a way into the service of
Py) the Palazzo — or at least, not for long. Spies sent

AT
EAC P GG YO by vampires always die.

RA
We
He is also polite when he needs to be, although he may
exhibit a sea-captain's belief that his commands will be
obeyed immediately. He dresses well, although his clothes
usually show a few signs of wear — perhaps because he
wishes to be thought still active.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a bold and sophisticated
Void Seeker; naturally, you feel that you merit a little
respect, and you know how to get it. Should anyone seem
to impugn your adventurousness, you explain that your
currentaim in life is to deepen and extend knowledge of the
great Mediterranean, and to arrange and support more
venturesome expeditions by other Seekers.

Quote: There's trade aplenty along the Moorish coasts, of
course. Enough to pay for an expedition against any nest of corsairs!

Consors and Servants

The Palazzo requires deft and discreet service and
obtains it by paying well. It also reckons to know as least as
much about spies and intrigue as any of its enemies, and the
Arts of the High Guild are very useful in determining
loyalties. Any prospective hireling is subjected to subtle but
intense examination, and even the most trusted longtime
servant is periodically reexamined.

Prospective spies from mundane trade rivals are turned
away, as the Thearini believe that a reputation for subtlety,
luck and judgment is worth at least as much as a brute
threat. On the other-hand, some would-be intruders:are
judged dangerous enough to need special attention —
which may consist of seeing that they turn up in a distant
canal with a dagger in the back. Awakened spies might well
fall into this category, although an attempt at spying by the
Traditions or other Daedaleans is always considered impor-

DN

The house's loyal servants number some 20 or
more cooks, porters, maids, clerks and doormen. Most
teside in the Palazzo, and countless others work in
ships and warehouses. Because the Ars Cupiditae is a
subtle business, only the most trusted know that their
employers have some kind of supernatural interests, al-
though most think of the Thearini as spending a lot of time
discussing philosophy like schoolmen. The astronomer-
scholar Lanier is naturally regarded with some superstitious
awe by the ignorant, but the Thearini make a point not to
hire dolts who scream "Witchcraft!" at the first sight of an
astronomical instrument. Many of the porters are former
fighting sailors or mercenaries, hired for their experience,
and the Palazzo could defend itself with respectable mun-
dane force if necessary.

One of the most impressive of the consors is Ibn Tarlo,
a North African mercenary who leads the house's merce-
nary guards, planning the Palazzo's mundane defe:
in the city and occasionally leading hand-picked groups of
fighters on ships that are traveling in pirate-ridden terri-
tory. Ibn Tarlo is an imposing, charismatic captain, and
several of the Thearini agree that he may be on the verge of
Awakening — in which case, he will surely make a fine
addition to the Resplendent Axe Guild.

Because the Thearini are judged to be loyal and ca-
pable, while remaining only a minor element in most
greater Daedalean plans, the Ksirafai have not gone to the
trouble of placing spies within the house. (It would be
interesting to know how effectively their skills could defeat
the Thearinis' protections...) On the other hand, they take
their work of supervising all of the Order of Reason's work
very seriously. Thus, several mundane tradesmen who sell
food and fuel to the Palazzo, and a number of pleasa
individuals with whom Thearini mages and their se
enjoy carousing, are in fact informers.

Politics

The Palazzo Thearini is a lodge that still enjoys a
prolonged and profitable Spring. When Summer comes, it
is to bea scalding, tropical season of high-stakes power-
games, and Autumn will be marked by intricate and deadly
intrigues. But for now, the political maneuverings of the
Palazzo are kept in check by shrewd elders and are re-
strained by the fat profits available to everyone.

when


—— CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
5 1 REASON 2) = -

Intrigues within this lodge naturally have two possible
objectives: ascendancy within the house and power in the
world at large. Both are pursued with ingenuity and wit.
Senior house members tolerate only a certain amount of
challenge from their younger associates. They do not deign
to define those limits precisely. In fact, according to an
elder's whim, an unsuccessful challenger might be ap-
plauded and offered a compensatory goblet of wine — or
slain out of hand. The latter instance is unlikely, but it could
happen. The chance that a proffered goblet could hold
poison is all part of the amusement. The elder Thearini
afl never set rules for intrigue. Part of what makes a successful

merchant is judging how much one can get away with

today, and the wise apprentice must learn that judgment.

That said, the Palazzo sees a great deal more barbed

conversation than bloodshed. Its political games are mostly

=4m, played in the long term. Or, to look at it another way —

these Daedaleans turn their political energy and devious-

ness outward, against rival traders (Sleeper and High Guild
both) and Tradition opponents.

The major issues are funding for new trade ventures —
with the Knights of the Wave continually seeking money,
(Af the Blades looking for interesting opportunities, and the
Keepers acting as a restraining force. And similar debates
about the priorities are given to existing business (which
consists of a broad mixture; spices and silk from the East,
English wool, silver and gold from mines everywhere, corn
and olives in season, anda sound traditional line in building
stone from inland quarries). Other small dramas revolve
around the idea of lending money or other support to rising
mundane factions in Venice or elsewhere in Italy, while the
politics of the Order of Reason may also be reflected within
the Palazzo. Some of the house (especially Gabriel Lanier
and Jessemini Talos) have special interests in sending
expeditions beyond Christendom, to acquire strange knowl-
edge. The risks and costs involved make such projects
debatable. Incidentally, it is possible that outside agents
could be hired for many of these purposes.

Suture Fates

From The Approximate Guide to Venice, 1998 edition:

..Further down this narrow side-canal is one of Venice's
lesser-known palazzos. The early fifteenth century Palazzo
Thearini is still in private hands, and so is not regularly
open to the public. To be honest, it's not a very impressive
from the outside, by Venetian standards, being rather
understated and under-decorated, although some scholars
apparently think that its proportions anticipate the rules of
formal classicism — a style that Venice never took to its
heart, even when it came into its full glory, a century after
this building went up.

Still, some people evidently love it. This whole area of
the city was up for major rebuilding in the early part of this

century; the neighborhood legend is that the Palazzo
Thearini was saved by the influence of a local crime boss,
who had a soft spot for the place, having been brought up
in its shadow, or something.

Proving, perhaps, that in Venice, even the gangsters
are art lovers.

Brandenberg Krakenhouse:
Che Reason ofthe Order

SH}| night Commander Hoffbraun, Captain of
HY e4

es the Palatine Guard, pressed the edge of his
ie

riding cloak closer to his nose and mouth.
He cast a handful of coins, dispersing the
flock of lepers who crowded around him,
their tattered black rags flapping

Ithad taken him most of the morning to pick his way through By
the rambling tent city that stretched unbroken across the miles §
between the Roman road and the Old Forest. Still he could not t=
pick out the shape of the Krakenhouse amidst the swirling mass Qf
of the walking dead —the crippled, the mad, the plague-stricken. VJ

Hoffbraun closed his eyes and let himself imagine that he
rode through the midst of some vast military encampment. But
he could not maintain the comforting illusion. Even during the
Crusades, when the armies of all of Christendom came together
under one banner, never had there been such a multitude
assembled all in one place.

If only the good Lord would see fit to suddenly and miracu-
lously transform the expectant throng — to grant them their
fondest hope, to render them whole of mind and body — surely
all the armies of the world would tremble before them.

But Hoffbraun had come to beg a more modest miracle —
should the good Lord and the master of this house prove willing
— to bring Herr Doktor to the court with all due haste. For the
yellow death was loosed in the Electors own house and its visit
boded ill for the future of the empire itself.

Short Summation

The Brandenberg Krakenhouse is the Order of Reason
atits finest. One would be hard-pressed to find a more noble
undertaking in all of Europe. It is a hospital, a sanctuary, a
university, a refugee camp and a pilgrimage site. The
Krakenhouse is a bastion of reason and humanity, balanced
delicately between the twin ravages of the warring states of
the Holy Roman Empire and the superstitious darkness of
Germany's deepest primeval woodlands.

This age is turbulent, a time when well-loved truths are
overturned daily. The light of learning rises each morning,
not in the east, but in the south, from the waters of the
Mediterranean. Each evening, the heavenly beacon is ex-


= CASTLES
ist AND
COVENANTS = $

tinguished, plunging into the northern wilds. The
Krakenhouse is the last outpost of the dying light.
Although a young covenant, the Krakenhouse has
already tested its mettle against the encroachments of war,
pestilence, famine and inquisition — the four apocalyptic
horsemen who threaten to usher in the chantry's final end.

History

The Krakenhouse was founded in the year of Our Lord,
1376. The building itself, a motte and bailey keep, is older
still, dating back to the 12th century. In the minds of the
locals, the Aeld Baele had always enjoyed a somewhat
sinister reputation. The villagers take great pride in the
€ indiscretions, real or supposed, of their forebears.

It was whispered that the Baele was a stronghold of the
Knights Templar in the days before the order was con-
demned to the pyre. The unnatural rites and unholy
experimentation attributed to that foul cabal have wormed

It is not known how long the Templars may have held
this distant outpost against the righteous persecutions of
the Pope and King of France. County records indicate that
the adjacent village was burned to the ground no less than
three times during this turbulent period, a strong sign that
the struggle may have been a protracted one.

In the wake of this conflict, the manor and lands lay
untended for a generation before they passed into the hands
of the family Vanderneufen. The archives of the Count
Palatine do not record the nature of the service
Vanderneufen rendered the Elector to prompt the latter to
grant this (somewhat dubious) honor.

The family Vanderneufen, however, apparently failed
to live up to even this ambiguous trust. It was not long
before the name of Vanderneufen was infamous throughout
the northern reaches of the empire. For three generations,
travelers spoke in hushed tones about the Rottebritter — the
Robberbaron of Vanderneufen. In all that time, it is said
that no man ever plumbed the depths of either the
Rottebritter's avarice or his dungeons.

Vanderneufen's infamy came to an abrupt end one day
in 1375 when his men intercepted a lone doktor on the road
tothe Elector's court. When dragged before the Rottebritter,
the stranger did not humble himself before his captor. In a
rage, the Rottebritter struck him a furious blow, laying the
man out on the cobblestones.

A priest was hurriedly called for, as it was apparent to
more than a few onlookers that the man's neck was broken.
Before the runner had left the hall, however, the fallen man
lurched to his feet and, with a sharp twist, set his head back
on straight.

The force of the blow, denied the natural outlet of its
fury, raced back across the space separating the two men. It

could be seen to course up the length of the arm that had
laid the doktor low. The Robberbaron convulsed once and
pitched forward to the floor, dead as a stone.

It is a common topic of debate among the newer
students at the Krakenhouse as to the ultimate destination
of this blow, which has come to be known as "the Recoup."
One camp holds firmly that the Recoup struck the Rottebritter
squarely on the heart — the seat of a man's pride and thus,
the origin of the stroke. Another party maintains, just as
staunchly, that the force of the blow was reflected on the
Baron's gall, which aroused in his anger, caused a lethal
imbalance of the humors. There is a third, and more
disturbing, contention.

Perhaps the Recoup did not find peace in the taking of
the Robberbaron's life. Maybe, unsated, the blow contin-
ued its quest for final justice, for its own beginnings. It is so
unreasonable to think that the Recoup might have found its
way back to the hands of the Rottebritter's father — now
folded in repose, but so oft raised against the boy in anger?
Is it impossible that the blow may have struck truer still,
passing into shade of his father, the first Lord Vanderneufen,
who introduced the boy to certain dark unsettling habits in
the catacombs beneath the old manse? Perhaps the stroke
was even more far-reaching and fell on the Old Elector who
had both slighted and destroyed his good servant by the
unorthodox means of an ambiguous gift.

Many pilgrims to the Krakenhouse find this tale to be
a great comfort. Undoubtedly, the dark hours pass more
quickly when one can believe that either vengeance or
justice is at large in the world.

With the death of the Rottebritter, his following of brutes,
rogues and highwaymen scattered to the surrounding wilds.
Three gentlemen alone remained. It is said that even in the
heart of the most unrepentant villain there is something that
sings in the presence of the just. These three men begged the
good doktor of his blessing and for permission to travel with
him to the court of the Elector to stand witness to all that had
transpired. He consented and the three became not only his
boon companions, but also his disciples.

At the court of the Elector, the four received a most
anxious welcome as there was a virulent pox on that noble
house. Although the Elector of Brandenberg was one of the
five most powerful men in the Holy Roman Empire —

vested even with the power to elect and depose emperors —
he found himself totally at the mercy of this adversary.

Neither lancings, nor fire, nor purgatives, nor charms,
nor fevered prayer availed against the ravages of the pox. It
was whispered at court that the Elector had incurred the
displeasure of the gypsies who had retaliated against his
harsh edicts with a potent curse. Few physicians of the
Realm dared to even answer the Elector's urgent summons
for fear of running afoul of the curse themselves.


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

QUENSTE) Undeterred by these obstacles, Herr Doktor set to work
and had affected a cure within a fortnight. Despite the nearly
unbearable foulness of the concoction, the Elector was so
pleased at its results that he lavished the good doktor with
silver and precious gifts. He would have immediately made
the wandering medico the official physician to the court were
it not for the doktor's firm protestations of unworthiness.

The Elector, however, was not a man to be easily put off.
He kept the good doktor at court a full year and summoned
him every day to demand if he were yet ready to assume his
duties. Each day the doktor replied the same: He was flattered
by this generous offer, but unworthy of such an honor. The
Elector dismissed him each time, saying that the doktor was
to be granted another day of the court's hospitality in which
to better himself. In this way, Herr Doktor became something
of a prisoner within the Elector's house.

It was whispered among the courtiers that the good
doktor, in daring to thwart the doom leveled by the gypsies,
had taken some measure of the terrible curse on himself. He
and the gypsies now shared a common predicament — ¥
unable to depart the Realm as they were unable to enter it.

After a time, the Elector began to press the doktor to
report what progress he had made toward his goal. Al-
though this challenge was initially a mocking one, the
Elector was soon drawn into the eclectic recounting of the
) studies, rituals, experimentation, disciplines and conjec-
tures that made up the daily routine of the doktor and his
three apprentices. A greatadmiration and friendship eventu-
ally grew between the two men.

One year to the day after Herr Doktor's first audience, he
was summoned as usual before the Elector. The lord posed his
ritual question, inquiring whether the doktor was ready to 4
assume his duties. On this occasion, however, the good
doktor did not give his traditional reply. Instead, he leaned in
close and whispered something into the Elector's ear.

The Elector was so startled that he hardly heard the
doktor's words. At the sound of that voice, however, an
awareness crashed over the Elector. A terrible door within
him burst open. The court, the seat of his power, the very
center of his world, fell suddenly silent and seemed to recede.

With great deliberation, he raised the proud doktor
from where he had fallen to one knee. The doktor, who did
not give knee to the Robberbarron, here saw and acknowl- ||
edged a greater force at work.

The Elector embraced his friend and told him that he
was free to go. To everyone's great astonishment, however,
the doktor replied that although the court certainly no
(fa 4 fe * cee longer had any need for his services, he was unworthy to

i c accept the generous offer of his liberty.

Res Whether out of affection for his friend or some lingering
( Y yD effects of the gypsy curse, the doktor found himself unable to
ay ever bring himself to leave Brandenberg. Herr Doktor stayed

= on at court for another fortnight, during which time, the two


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

men settled on an ambitious project. With the Elector's aid
and sponsorship, they would found a house of healing and
learning, where students, pilgrims and refugees could come
from across the empire to find wisdom and solace.

To house this far-reaching project, the Elector granted
his friend the manor of Aeld Baele, which might be said to
have fallen to the good doktor by right of conquest. The
Elector made the grant doubly binding by bestowing papers
of nobility on the new Count Hans von Rottenfeld and
entrusting the lands to him under oath of fealty. No one
thought to challenge the propriety of this ambiguous gift.

In the years since the founding of the Krakenhouse in
1376, the Elector has oft had opportunity to be thankful for
Herr Doktor's devotion. Although the Count von Rottenfeld
himself perished under mysterious circumstances four years
later — amidst rumors of the lingering gypsy curse claiming
him — the Krakenhouse, his crowning achievement, con-
tinues to thrive.

Surroundings

The Krakenhouse is situated a two day's ride from the
court of the Elector of Brandenberg. The landscape itself is
wild and overgrown, carved at some point in the not-too-
distant past from the looming canopy of the Old Forest. The

stalwart farmers of the region fight a constant battle to keep
their lands from being reconquered by the encroaching wilds.

The most direct route from the Elector's court to the
Krakenhouse is the old Roman road that remains miracu-
lously serviceable after several hundred years of disuse. The
road continues south, running straight as a pike stave, and
alternately vanishing and reemerging from the forest canopy.
Travelers should heed the warnings of the locals and
consider it time well spent to ride the two days back to the
Elector's court and then take the reliable Brandenberg
Road south into the heart of the empire.

A capricious whim of geography excludes the Aeld
Baele from the river trade that makes up the bulk of the
traffic between the cities and townships of the region.
While in ages past, the motte was fed by a sizable stream,
this waterway has long since dried up. The nearby market
town of Wyrmouth is the nearest river port. A journey of no
more than eight miles, the entire trip to and from the
market can be accomplished — even at the leisurely pace of
an ox-drawn cart — in a single day.

Approaching the Krakenhouse along the Roman road,
the first impression that greets visitors is the sprawling tent
city that fills her entire field of vision. Canvas completely
covers the open ground between the razor-straight roadway
and the Old Forest. If the walls of the proud city of Salzburg


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
: REASON

were miraculously transported across the leagues, they
would fail to encompass the vast encampment.

The tent city is a refuge for all those who are sick in
body, mind or spirit. Within the maze of tent flaps, the
visitor finds the crippled, the mad, the blind, the plague-
stricken, the poor and the dispossessed.

Residents of the Krakenhouse and the surrounding vil-
lages refer to the tent city as "le Jardin" — the Garden. Such
French names are common at the Krakenhouse, since the
French language has established itself as the international
language of the medical and apothecary arts. This honor is
due in no small part to the reputation enjoyed by the Univer-
sity of Paris of being Europe's premiere school of medicine.

The students of the Krakenhouse do not openly con-
test this honor. Humility is, in fact, regarded as a chief
virtue at the Krakenhouse. Itis held in the same esteem that
the gentlemen of Paris accord to Honor, or that the paladins
of an earlier age rendered to Chivalry. Thus, when a student
at the Krakenhouse is on some urgent errand of mercy, he
might dismissively state that he thought he might take a
stroll in the Garden.

The care and management of le Jardin is the solemn
duty of a brotherhood of monks known as the Order of
Ravens. The Order derives its name from a famous exploit
of their patron, St. Francis. Despairing of his prosperous and
genteel congregation, Francis went to the outskirts of town
and preached to the crows and ravens. His mission remains
an example for his followers who are ever found tending to
the outcasts of society — the dying, the lepers, the pariahs.

Despite their serious and often morbid preoccupation,
brothers of the Order tend to be outgoing, good-natured and
high-spirited. The locals often jokingly refer to the Order as
the "Murder of Crows," which isa mocking sobriquet thought
to be instigated by a member of the Order itself.

The Grounds

From the center of le Jardin rises the mound of the Aeld
Baele. The hill is ringed by a wide dry moat that must have
posed a formidable obstacle in its prime. Now, however, the
moat presents a very different face. Even at a distance,
visitors do not fail to notice the many brightly painted
rooftops jutting from the vast trench.

Upon closer inspection, the newcomer discovers that
the moat is almost entirely roofed over. A thriving market-
place has sprung up to cater to the throngs of pilgrims and
penitents seeking entrance to the Krakenhouse.

In the early morning hours, crowds stretch all the way
around the walls of the Aeld Baele. The line winds down
and through the Market before emerging again on the inner
bank in the shadow of the walls.

Ona fair day, the hidden Market is an enchanted place
of colorful banners, wondrous aromas and musical voices
that entreat and entice. On a hot day, the unrelenting sun

works a far different magic on the close confines and the
crowds, rendering the marketplace nearly unbearable. Ona
foul day, the entire bizarre runs ankle deep in rain and mud.

At the far side of the moat, the path ascends again to
anarrow shelf of earth, pressed against the Aeld Baele's 20-
foot walls.-Here the line encircles the fort again before
culminating at the main gate. The once-daunting fortifica-
tions are badly in need of repair. Walls are nearly breached
and a determined man might pick his way over the rubble
to get into the courtyard.

In the shadow of the main gate, the rusting drawbridge
mechanism is still visible. The Baele's primary means of
egress and ingress is the winding Pilgrim's Path. This route
can be safely navigated only on foot. The way is too steep,
too narrow and too crumbling to risk a good mount. A
staunch mule, however, might undertake the journey.

When there is a need for hasty arrivals or departures,
the only recourse is to enlist the aid of the Coachmen. This

self-styled "Ancient and Fraternal Order of Coachmen, &

Teamsters, Wainwrights, Footmen, Grooms and Porters"
prides itself on the daring and ingenuity of its members.

They maintain the Krakenhouse stables and carriageyard, \~/

and neither mount nor beast of burden may enter or depart
the keep without their leave.

Coachmen maintain makeshift "fords" across the moat.
Navigating one of these fords is accomplished by racing a
carriage at breakneck speed up and down a labyrinthine
path of rooftops, strut bridges and exposed planking. As
some of the roofs are quite steep and some of the planks
spanning the chasm are quite frail, it is widely held that
speed is the essence of the undertaking.

Drivers maintain that the ride is particularly pictur-
esque by moonlight. It is difficult to dispute their claim.
Most passengers find that the best way to brave the ordeal
is with eyes firmly closed. It is unquestionable, however,
that a carriage and its four mad chargers careening over the
rooftops in the dead of night provides a unique spectacle for
any late-night revelers that might still be abroad.

At times, students of the Krakenhouse, in a display of
bravery or desperation, attempt to duplicate the Harrowing
Ride alone and on horseback, with limited success.

The Moot Court

Those who manage to endure the Pilgrim's Path or the
Harrowing Ride find themselves passing through the main
gate of the Baele. The gate itself, like the drawbridge before
it, isno longer there, having been appropriated for new uses.
A low dark tunnel leads through the walls and opens onto
the courtyard beyond.

During the day, the Court swarms with pilgrims and
penitents seeking relief from their afflictions. The Moot
Court is so named because, in the Germanic tongues, a
"moot" is a gathering to decide the fates of those called

Yai


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

long miles through uncertain territory to place their lives in
the hands of this community of physicians.

With the overwhelming number of guests seeking
miracles, it is not surprising that the courtyard is also the

stalking ground for an alarming number of quacks, leeches,
apothecaries, astrologers, chiurgeons, hedgewitches, relic
peddlers, occultists, magnetists, diviners, mesmerists, exor-
{) cists, phrenologists, mediums, midwivesand miracle workers.

New students are often alarmed that these individuals
are suffered to ply their trades within the walls of the
Krakenhouse — a bastion of learned medicine. They soon
realize that there are very compelling pragmatic reasons
behind this decision.

On any given day, the masses of those seeking relief
easily exceed the number of masters and students at the
Krakenhouse by a factor of 100 to 1. After long debate it was
decided that these even these questionable treatments were
marginally better than certain death for the patients and

significantly better than the riots that might ensue from
turning away so many.

In these debates, the Paracelsians (see listing) were
vocal advocates for allowing the "amateurs" to remain. For
their devotion, the Paracelsians were entrusted with all
matters pertaining to the lodging, safety, concerns and

aoe
complaints of the Krakenhouse's guests — a duty they INS

consider a distraction at best, when they consider it at all.

Students and masters of the Krakenhouse can also be
found circulating through the crowds, offering relief where
they can, ushering others within for examination or treat-
ment. There is no particular device that differentiates the
authorized representatives of the Krakenhouse from the self-
styled healers of the Court. The Galenist (see listing) lecturers
at the Univ
academic robes, but their peers scorn such pretensions.

sity are easily distinguished by their black

Unsuspecting visitors fall prey to mountebanks, huck-
sters and cutpurses. Others are whisked away to participate
in shadowy experiments in the secluded dungeons beneath
the keep. The majority, however, go away disappointed,
having failed to attract the interest of even the amateurs.

Not a single day passes, however, without at least one
miraculous cure being reported, and it is this hope that keeps
the Krakenhouse one of the most popular pilgrimage site.

When night falls and the visitors have retired, the
Moot Court becomes a meeting place of a different kind.
Masters and students gather to engage in animated oratory
and debate — an activity considered the lifeblood of
universities throughout Europe. It is a time of dramatic and
sweeping change — not only in medicine, but also in all
areas of science, religion, art and exploration (in almost


G

CHAPTER II: iz :
THE ORDER OF
REASON

every major field of human endeavor). All of these subjects
are fair game for the heated discussions that follow.

Each of the rival factions, of course, has its own distinct
agenda and is not above using these gatherings as a means
of increasing its own power, prestige and following. Often
discussion turns to very practical matters in which the
groups have a vested interest — choices, threats, possible
futures that face the community as a whole.

It is not unknown for the rhetoric to occasionally
devolve into fisticuffs or subtler and long-lasting feuds.

The Operating Theatre

Modeled on Vesalius' famed classroom at the Univer-
sity of Padua, the Operating Theatre is one of the most
jealously guarded secrets of the Krakenhouse. The hall itself
is goblet-shaped. The base of the goblet contains a plain
rectangular table (about six feet by three feet) and just
enough room for the instructor to walk around it.

Steep tiers crammed with students, encircle the base —
each tier barely wide enough for a student to stand. Each
observer leans against a wooden railing and peers down over
the heads of those on the tiers before and below him.

The object of this curious design is that each student in the
vast hall might have a clear view of the simultaneously fascinat-
ing and repelling spectacle unfolding itself on that table.

The topic of this class is anatomy — the method of
instruction, the dissection of human cadavers.

The very idea of human dissection is commonly re-
garded as blasphemous. The Church takes an understandably
stern view of the defiling of the dead. The proper study of
anatomy involves consulting the masterworks of antiquity.
Galen, in particular, is considered the very wellspring of
anatomical knowledge. In the Operating Theatre, the stu-
dent has arrayed before him secrets that have lain
undisturbed for thousands of years.

Interiova Cerra

Deep below the keep, an extensive system of cellars,
dungeons and catacombs conceals even darker secrets.
Since the days when the Templars first occupied the for-
tress, these sulfurous depths have witnessed profane
initiations, rites and experiments.

The residents of the Krakenhouse collectively refer to
these halls and galleries of nefarious repute as the Interiora
Terra. The name is taken from famous advice, Visita Interiora
Terra Rectificando Invenies Occultum Lapidem. Visit the center
of the world and by purifying, you find the secret stone.

The Interiora Terra is the haunt of a splinter group of
the Vesalians who refer to themselves as the Animists.
While the Vesalians are content to lay bare the secrets of
the human body with their scalpels, the Animators push
the operation one step further.

On the surface, their goal seems unobjectionable enough
— the uncovering of the innate perfection in the human
form. Their methods, however, have been described as
everything from "morally questionable" to "an abomina-
tion against God and all his creatures."

Each animator has his own driving quest. Some are
grandiose: the animation of living tissue, the resurrection of
the dead, the evolution beyond physical form. Others are
much more modest and exacting: the increase in the capac-
ity of the human brain, the sustaining of life in a severed
limb, the development of a third eye.

To fuel these experiments, the Animators routinely
cull test subjects (or raw materials) from the visitors to
Moot Court. These unfortunates, existing on the far fringe
of hope, are seldom missed or mourned.

The Cabals

Galenists: The Elementalists

"The truth was long since found, and has united noble
spirits, do but grasp the ancient truth."

An enduring quest of this age of discovery is the
rediscovery of the truths of antiquity. This pursuit holds so
great a fascination that scholars abandon the comforts of
home to scour the world in search of isolated monasteries
and forgotten manuscripts. They study Greek so that they
might translate these treasures of the ancient world, and
this language becomes what Latin had been in the previous
age — the language of mystery, initiation and magic.

In their tireless search, these scholars unearth pivotal
masterworks of literature, rhetoric and history that have
been lost to mankind for centuries. Among the crumbling
tomes, however, an even more startling revelation begins to
take form. From the ruined volumes of Galen, Hippocrates,
Dioscorides and Celsus scholars begin to piece together a
very practical magic: a magic of reknitting flesh, bone,
muscle and sinew; a magic of restoring and perfecting the
human form.

Many find this new art a rather dangerous discovery.
The Church is rightly suspicious of physicians' attempts to
meddle in things divine; the reigns of life and death are for
God's hands alone. Furthermore, the very thought of "per-
fecting" the human form is blasphemous, for are notall men {|
created in the image of God?

The new generation of physicians walks a very danger-
ous line. Their sole defense is the shield of established
belief. They rely heavily on incontestable truths of antiq-
uity. It is not surprising that Galen, the ancient "Prince of
Physicians," has become their patron and rallying point.

Galen's medicine revolves around the four-fold theory
of Elements (air, earth, fire and water). From these four


SIS CASTLES
= COVENANTS

elements, the four bodily humors are derived (blood, phlegm,
yellow bile and black bile).

For the Galenists, good health results from the proper
balance of these humors while disease results from an
imbalance. The physician might observe an excess of blood
from a ruddy complexion. Jaundiced skin tone indicates a
dangerous level of yellow bile. Diarrhea is symptomatic of
an imbalance of black bile, and a runny nose is a sure sign
of excess phlegm. The examination of urine is also be used
to diagnose illness — even in the patient's absence —as the
humoral excesses are evident in the sample.

The pivotal work for the Galenists is their patron's De
usu partium. This work, first published in the second cen-
tury AD, is the cornerstone for all studies of physiology and
anatomy since that time.

The Galenists are certainly the largest and best estab-
lished faction at the Krakenhouse. The quest of these
Zi scholar-physicians is one of rediscovery rather than one of
<< invention. The great Truths are out there, waiting to be
3 brought into light. The most obvious sources of revelation
rf are the lost works of antiquity.

Once this knowledge is unearthed, the Galenists
very strongly that their solemn responsibility is to rev
to the world. They are tireless teachers and they are en-
trusted with the care and running of the University. They
possess an almost missionary zeal. From time to time, when
one of the masters from the Krakenhouse departs to found
anew center of learning, healing or refuge, it is a good bet
that she is a Galenist.

The Galenists are painfully aware of the dangers posed to
the Krakenhouse by the experimental methods of their associ-
ates — the Paracelsians and Vesalians. They must act quickly
to shield their colleagues from the forces of orthodoxy.

Thomas Erastus

Erastus is one of the luminaries of the Galenist tradi-
tion. Educated at the University of Paris, Erastus discovered
and soon became obsessed with the rich works of Aristotle
and Galen.

In his studies, he found himself mocked by references
to other works of these great thinkers that had been lost in
the intervening centuries. These missing pieces gnawed at
Thomas like a hunger.

Upon completion of his studies, he wasted no time in
embarking for the Holy Land where it was said many of the
great works might be found, having fallen into the hands of
the infidels. Many revelations in the volumes of Averros and
Avicenna hinted at the lost traditions of Greece and Rome.

Eight years later, Erastus returned. He did not, as he
had so often imagined his homecoming, carry some forgot-
ten tome that he had liberated from the unbelievers. What
he did bring with him was the mastery of medical tradition
whose equal had not been seen in Europe since the Crusades

—which was, not coincidentally, the last time that Europe
had made contact with that same tradition and carried
some knowledge of it home with them.

Armed with twoarsenals of medical knowledge, Erastus
returned to the University of Paris as a lecturer. Shortly
thereafter, he published his famous Disputationes de Medicina
Nova Paracelsi, in which he upheld the authority of the
classical masters and damned the innovations of Paracels

This work is considered the opening salvo of the debates
and confrontational literature that have swept the univer-
sities of Europe.

Erastus was also a leading figure in the attack by the
conservative medical faculty on the use of the "alchemal"
antimony cure. In a series of decrees and court cases, this
powerful body nearly succeeded in forbidding the use of
chemical cures in medicine.

Erastus is dignified and almost stately in his grace and
aloofness. His is certainly the most illustrious reputation of
any at the University. It is not uncommon for students to
come to the Krakenhouse specifically to study under him.

Although a fearsome opponent of the Paracelsians,
Erastus is almost never found exchanging refutations and
insults in the Moot Court. Instead, he prefers to trade
devastating correspondences with certain members of the
opposition. Most of these epistles manage to find their way
into common circulation.

Paracelsians: The Alchemists

By far, the most influential physician of this age is
Paracelsus. He is sometimes referred to as the "Luther of
Medicine." In the scientific debates that rage in the Moot
Court and throughout the universities of Europe, the innova-


tions of Paracelsus are more frequently and passionately
fought over than even the seditious revelations of Copernicus.

The Paracelsians' revolutionary ideas about medicine
amount to nothing less than anall-out attack ona worldview
that has been revered since antiquity — the four-fold
theory of elements (earth, air, fire and water).

While the Elementalists maintain that disease is the
result of an imbalance of these four elements — as repre-
sented in the four bodily humors — the Paracelsians maintain
an Alchemal explanation.

According to this view, each of the organs of the body acts
as an alchemist that separates pure from impure. Thus, the
stomach separates the nutritional part of foodstuffs from the
dross, which is eliminated through the intestines. Other organs
perform similar distillations. Illness occurs when an organ fails to
properly separate the good from the bad and poisons accumulate.
Just as the organs are thought to perform microcosmic
alchemal rites, so the Earth itself is thought to be a
macrocosmic experiment. Creation is understood primarily
as an alchemal separation from an initial chaos. The Earth
is viewed as a large distillation flask with a fiery center that
heats underground reservoirs and lava pools, propelling
them toward the surface. It is not surprising that one of the
great projects for the Paracelsians is the attempt to recon-
cile the metaphysical and the physical arts.

CHAPTER IL | ROSS ee

The Paracelsians further break with tradition by turn-
ing their backs on herbal remedies in favor of a new armory
of metallic-based cures. The medical establishment con-
demns this use of antimony, mercury, sulfur and other
"alchemal" cures in no uncertain terms — charging that
these poisons kill far more often than they heal. Still, the
Paracelsian's unorthodox remedies are surprisingly effec- |
tual against "incurable" ailments.

The core work in the Paracelsian canon is the Grosse
Wundartzney. It is an in-depth study of wounds and ulcers
emphasizing their cures with alchemal salves and balms. Of
particular interest is the section on wounds caused by
gunpowder, which is a new and ever-increasing problem.

Other important works by Paracelsus include Von der
Bergsucht oder Bergkranckheiten drey Biicher, the first book
on miners' diseases (indeed, the first book specifically on
any occupational disease).

The Paracelsians are a force to be reckoned with at the
Krakenhouse. These firebrand physicians are vocal in their 5
opposition to established methods. Many pride themselves
on having no formal medical instruction whatsoever. Few,
however, doubt their obvious skill in rhetoric, chemistry or
metaphysical discourse.

They are most at home in the Moot Court. By day, all
manner of foul vapors can be seen escaping their Crucibles

LAUDENSTEIN: 98°


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

that ring the courtyard. These sanctums serve as a combi-
nation of workshop, firing house, laboratory and cramped
living quarters. At sundown, the alchemists emerge with
the smell of chemicals still clinging to them, to clear the
court for the evening's debates.

Although they are nominally responsible for all mat-
ters pertaining to the pilgrims and penitents that flock to
the Krakenhouse, the Paracelsians seldom seem to take an
active concern in these matters. They seem content to let
events take their course. When one is about these duties, he
most often treats it as a distraction from the Great Work.

Peter Severinus

Severinus' father was a physician in a small mining
town called Einsiedeln. The boy grew up with a very
practical knowledge of both medicine and metallurgy. He
found a natural affinity for both the study and the applica-
tion of alchemy.

The boy left home at 14 and visited a number of
universities, but never took a medical degree. His greatest
tutor was the renowned occultist Johannes Trithemius, the
Abbot of Sponheim.

As an adult, Severinus amassed a vast wealth of prac-
tical medical experience by working as a surgeon in various
mercenary armies that were never without work in this
turbulent period. In his travels, he visited most of the
countries of Central, Northern and Eastern Europe.

Little is known of his wanderings until he was called to
Basel to treat a leg ailment of the famed publisher, Johannes
Frobenius. In Basel, Severinus also gave medical advice to
Erasmus and came in contact with some prominent scholars
of the day. Peter was appointed city physician and professor

A STEN J

of medicine. But although he was permitted to lecture at the
University of Basel, he had no official appointment with
the medical faculty there.

Almost immediately, Severinus became a figure of
contention. He heaped scorn on the conservative physi-
cians of the University and threw Avicenna's revered Canon
of medicine to the blaze at the St. John's Day bonfire.

Unfortunately, his patient, Frobenius, died shortly
thereafter. A disastrous lawsuit followed and Peter left
Basel in haste, leaving even his manuscripts behind.

Severinus comes across as an angry and distracted man
who antagonizes many of those he meets — even those who
try to help him. His unorthodox methods, however, have
been surprisingly effectual. He was recently called to Salzburg
totreat the bishop, Ernest of Wittelsbach — one of the most
feared men in all the empire. Severinus accepted this com-
mission despite the fact that the price of failure would be not
only his life, but the credibility of Paracelsian techniques.

For this and other triumphs, both medical and oratori-
cal, Severinus is revered as a great champion of the
Paracelsians. He is clearly the foremost member of the
loose-knit faction.

Vesalians: The Vivisectionists

"Anatomy," according to Vesalius, "should be recalled

from the dead.

The Vesalians are practitioners of that most seditious
of scientific pursuits — the art of human dissection. The
mysterious inner workings of the human body have re-
mained largely unexplored for centuries. Students of
anatomy have contented themselves with studying the
masterworks of antiquity and gathering whatever first-hand
knowledge they might get from the unfortunates they came
across in their medical practices.

Strict religious prohibitions, superstitions and taboos in-
sured that no systematic exploration of the topic was possible.
All of this changed suddenly and dramatically with the publi-
cation of De Humani Corporis Fabrica (On the Structure of the
Human Body) by the Flemish anatomist, Vesalius.

This volume brought together Vesalius' painstaking
observations acquired from his own dissections of human
cadavers, with fine engravings by Jan van Calcar, a pupil of
Titian. The work took the medical community by storm.

His unorthodox methods of research and instruction
came under immediate attack from religious authorities.
The very thought of defiling a human body like that was bad
enough, without adding to the crime the corruption of a
group of student observers.

Vesalians are most often found in haunts as far as
possible from the inquisitive reach of the Church. The
Holy Roman Empire is a common refuge, due to the


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
= 1 REASON

reigning chaos brought about by constant warfare and
1n the powerful Free Cities of the Empire.
Even here, however, the vivisectionists must be cautious
not to run afoul of ancient and deep-rooted superstitions.

intrigue betw

Much of the ongoing work of the Vesalians centers on
revealing and correcting the many errors in the revered

anatomical studies of Galen and de Luzzi. This practice does

not endear them, of course, to the Galenist scholars and
physicians that hold court in the universities of Europe
Vesalians tend to be solitary practitioners. The
Krakenhouse is a rare and notable exception to this rule.
Under the personal protection of the Elector of Brandenbe

the Krakenhouse enjoys an almost unequaled measure of
autonomy. This liberty to conduct their studies openly
draw

s together many leading anatomists from across Europe.

Even here, however, each of these hermit-physicians

tends to keep largely to himself. The intensity of his personal
vision approaches that ofa religious devotion. Many Vesalians
consider themselves faithful followers of the teachings of the
Church, despite its open opposition to their work. For many,
a life's work is the reconciliation of art and faith.

The freedom to pursue one's own vision also draws
many of the more fanatic and unstable practitioners of the
vivisectionist's art. These tormented visionaries are re-
ferred to as Animists. They are usually given a wide berth
even by their fellow Vesalians.

Not content to merely observe the human form in all
its glorious detail, each Animist feels a driving call to
improve it. Even their great triumphs evoke pity and
revulsion for their unfortunate test subjects. Less successful
etery in
ionately referred to as

test cases are disposed of quietly in a secluded cei
the shadow of the Old Forest, affe
"the Boneyard."

Asa whole, Vesalians are the most hands-on of any of
the rival factions at the Krakenhouse. They take the most
active role in the treatment of masses that flock to the
pilgrimage site. While Galenists tend to be cerebral and
Paracelsians idealistic, Vesalians possess a genuine empa-
thy for the unfortunate and the suffering. Perhaps this
affinity is due to the vivisectionis

's' own status as exiles

from their native lands and faith.

Johannes Guinter

Guinter was born in Brussels, the son of a celebrated
apothecary. He attended the Universities of Leuven and
Paris. He specialized in anatomy.

Further study at the University of Padua brought him
not only his medical degree but also an appointment as a
lecturer on surgery. His research continually confirmed
that the anatomical teachings of Galen were
dissections of animals. Guinter openly questioned whether
these models provided an accurate guide to the structure of

based on

the human body.

In his years at Padua, he demonstrated and documented
hundreds of Galen's anatomical errors. His published findings
aroused heated dispute that led to his having to flee Italy and
to his securing an appointment to the imperial household.
Finding the politics of court life greatly wearying,
Guinter begged perm
order to make a pilgrimage to the Holy Land, which is one

on to leave the imperial service in

of very few acceptable reasons for doing so.

He never reached Jerusalem and is believed to be dead.

Being dead does not greatly inconvenience the anato-
mist. In fact, Guinter has found that it is a valuable ally in
weathering the censure of Church and society.

Guinter was responsible for "importing" the design of
the Operating Theatre to the Krakenhouse and he is very
possessive of "his" Theatre. A major rite of passage for each
student at the Krakenhouse is the first time he takes his
place beside "the table." It is inevitably Guinter's hand
steadying and guiding the student's own as he makes that
fateful first incision.

Politics

The Krakenhouse seethes with barely suppressed con-
flict between the three rival factions. Galenists charge that

the Paracelsians are a veritable legion of homicide physi-
cians. Versalians point outalarming discrepancies in Galen's
anatomy, which they claim was inspired by the dissection of
animals. Paracelsians condemn their blind gropings with
the scalpel, shouting that extensive experience rendering
the living dead was no basis for the belief that they might
render the dead living.


CASTLES =
AND
COVENANTS = ==‘

Each faction is well-aware that the debates waged in
the Moot Court are far from academic in their import.
The stakes of this elaborate game are nothing less than
deciding which of the contending worldvie
ascendancy over the others.

is to gain

For practitioners of the magic arts, the presence of a
stem of belief can be a formidable ally or
Each of the thr
wants to cast the future of the Ars Medica in its own image.

strong prevailing s

an insurmountable obstacle. factions

One man alone is required to stand above this all-
consuming struggle. The leader of the Krakenhouse is
always referred to as, simply, Herr Doktor. He is directly
accountable to the Elector for the actions and continu-
ing prosperity of the entire community.

As the original Count de Rottenfeld died without
heir, the title of Herr Doktor is neither a noble nor a
hereditary one. The choosing of a new Herr Doktor is the
occasion for weeks of heated debate during which the
only residents of the Krakenhouse that do not take an
Hf active part are candidates.

There is nothing so plebeian as a vote involved in the

process. The debate continues until one candidate is the victor.

Although Herr Doktor wields great power, it is not
unheard of for.a faction to support one of its most feared
rivals for this position, solely to remove him from the
vital playing field of public contention.

Herr Doktor is assisted by three tenured mages of his
own choosing, named the Highwaymen in remembrance
of the three brigands in the service of the Rottebritcers
who became the first disciples of the Krakenhouse.

The Highwaymen are responsible for monitoring

and reacting to the larger picture — the treacherous

balance of power between the various covenants,
chantries and magical academies throughout Europe and
the Holy Lands.

The Krakenhouse, despite its humanitarian mission,
has many powerful enemies. Besides the constant danger
of opposition from the Church escalating to fire and
bloodshed, the foremost opponents of the Krakenhouse

are the Hermetic Covenants. It is unfortunate that the

scholar-physician's ceaseless efforts to recover and trans-
late the great works of antiquity have often led to its
crossing paths, wits and swords with Hermetics on similar
missions of rediscovery.

Significant among the new finds is a group of treatises
supposedly written in Egypt by Hermes Trismegistus at about
the time of Abraham. This dangerous little volume sketches
out the premises for an alternate occult medicine that might
pose quite a serious threat to the three great medical tradi-
tions of the Krakenhouse. There is little that Hermetic
scholars would not hazard to recover this vital work.

Portus Crucis:
Shipyard of the Skies

§ verros wiped the sweat from his eyes with

the back ofa ragged sleeve. A season of sea
aS and salt had transformed the billowing

white chemise into a coarse gray wrap.

The interveningseason of stormshad
not gone gently with Averros, either. Al-
though the welts and bruises that had accomplished his

sudden "enlistment" had long healed, he bore fresh reminders
of his new life at sea. His face was browned and cracked like
old leather and crisscrossed with an intricate network of lines
and pocks. A man could live 50 summers amongst the shaded
groves of Valencia without ever suffering the ravages of a
single season on the open waves.

Averros found himself grateful for the coolness of this
evening and for the languid shadows of the high mountain
pass. They tempered the ardor of his ascent. Even here, far
from the reach of the salt wind, it was the sea that called him

onward and it was the sea that fixed his purpose.

The oceans had placed their own indelible mark on
Averros. That brand went much deeper than the scorching
of the sun. It was more permanent than the blue-black ink
with which the sailor's brotherhood had set their seal into
his very skin.

At the crux of the mountain pass, the wind picked
lightly at the edge of Averros' sleeve as if trying to get his
attention. Ahead of him the vista opened out and he could
see the shadow of Mt. Crucis stretching away to the

ged
finger pointed accusingly at the heavens. Then, as Averros
watched, the finger seemed to move slightly, to curl, to
beckon. He again wiped the sweat from his eyes, more
violently this time, and stared hard against the fading light.

From this distance, the craggy mountain looked like a ja

Yes, he could definitely pick out movement ahead,
from the very summit of the legendary peak. His eyes were
sharp and little escaped him — a habit from nights of
scanning the unchanging expanse of black waves for the
slightest sign of trouble.

It was unmistakable. Averros' mind leapt ahead, shap-
ing the dim impressions into familiar, comprehensible forms.
His first thought was of a dockside winch, swinging slowly to
port, a cumbersome spar dangling from the end of its hook.

It was ridiculous, he knew. The picture properly be-
longed to a bustling port of call, not to some remote
mountaintop closer to the dome of the sky than to the shore
of the nearest sea. Still, he could not shake the impression.


CHAPTER Ik: ; NON ae,
THE ORDER OF %, Va

REASON

As he stared further, he thought he could pick out a
line of delicate ethereal towers stretching heavenward. The
moon seemed to pause in its course to alight briefly on the
tip of each graceful spire.

Averros was moving forward again, more quickly now,
measuring his progress by marking the passage of the moon
amongst the pinnacles and cupolas that crowded and
crowned the far mountaintop.

As he drew nearer, all doubt fled him. The curious
images at last drew into focus and he saw clearly the
reaching, whisp He could pick out the play
of great wind nd ropes and pulleys among the roof-
tops. He could trace the spider web of scaffolding as the
jous city climbed heavenward on its own shoulders.

-thin tow

A shadow passed
low, as if catching its bi

ross the moon, which still hung
h resting in the bucket of one of
the great winches before moving on. Averros' heart leapt

within him. Within the shadow, he clearly saw the unmis-

takable points of three tall masts, the intricate checkerboard

pattern of rigging and the billow of the skyship's five }
distinctive sails.

Here then was the object of his quest, Mt. Crucis,
harbor and haven of the legendary Skyriggers. Averros
quickened his pace and began to whistle to himself. All
around him, from the eight cardinal points, the winds began
to gather.

It was in the year 1461 when the founders of Portus
Crucis struck on what, to the unilluminated, can only appear
to be the most ridiculous maritime project since the Deluge.

Ivis not difficult to imagine the reaction of Noah's neighbors
at seeing the frame of the great gopherwood ark take shape,
miles from the nearest body of water. Noah, however, unde-
terred by their censure, completed the great vessel.

nce, it is to Noah's credit

For all his faith and perse'
that he never attempted in
inland ship-building venture.

ater years to revive his peculiar

The legendary shipyards of Portus Crucis, however,
carry the great work forward. Perched high atop an inacces-
sible and land-locked crag, the hidden shipyards continually
produce the finest and caravels, galleys and galle-
ons, to be found anywhere in Europe.

As each of the new ships of the line is christened, and as
the wind first catches its sails, it embarks on a maiden voyage
— not toward the horizon, but toward the sky's zenith.

The renowned Skyriggers of Portus Crucis are built for
sailing and soaring. They ply with equal facility the ocean
currents and the trade winds that ride above them. An elite
few of these marvelous skyships have gone further still,
catching the solar wind that blows through the screaming
blackness between the stars.


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS :

It was in the year of Our Lord 1460, when they struck
the canvas from every yard in the great harbor of Lisbon and
ran up the black sails. A swift ship was dispatched to each
of the four winds so that all the nations of the Earth and all
the men who toiled on the deep might know that our just
and beloved Prince Henry, who men called "the Navigator"
for his sharp eye was ever on the Heavens, had at last
reached that far kingdom and gone to God. May his soul
find everlasting peace.

The scholars of the Guild des Pilotos assert that the
death of Prince Henry led directly to the founding of our
noble endeavor, and their reasoning is difficult to refute as

it rests firmly on the rock of Aristotle
causation. Without first understanding the despair of the
dark days that followed the fall of our Prince, one cannot
hope to retrace the steps of our founders up the treacherous
slope of Mt. Crucis.

four-fold theory of

In those days, I, along with many of our colleague
at the school at Sagres, which the Prince had founded with
his own hand and dedicated to that most lofty and fecund
pursuit, the Ars Geographica. No city in the world could
boast its equal — neither Rome, nor Constantinople, nor
Jerusalem herself. Scholars and navigator

, astronomers and
cartographers, seafarers and explorers from the ends of the
Earth came to learn and to share their knowledge at the
academy. And there wasa wealth of new knowledge to share.

Prince Henry had beer¥quickto grasp the importance of
promoting exploration = of launching a systematic effort to!
push back the boundaries of the encroaching unknown) The
cynical point out that the prince had a significantadvantage
over his peers in reaching this reali

tion. Portugal's unique
geography — pressed as she was up against the much largér
kingdoms of Aragon and Castille to the east — made it very
clear that Portugal's future lay on the waves.

Prince Henry was not immune, however, to the need
that drove his larger and more voracious neighbors. The
nations of Europe hungered then for precious metals — gold
and silver that they could mint into coins. They could trade
the coins for foreign goods, as well as for the spices, silks,
carpets, fruits, dyes and other exotic items that flowed into
Europe from Africa, Asia and the Holy Land. Most of all,
Europe hungered for trade itself, which brought the pros-

perity and economic growth that made nations great.

Precious metals are the wind that fills the sails of trade.
Europe's native sources had already been found to be
depleted (like the Irish gold deposits) or grossly inadequate
to the demand (like the German silver mines). Already,
princes had begun to look abroad for new and uninterrupted
supplies of the gold and silver they craved.

For Portugal, looking abroad meant looking across the
narrow mouth of the Mediterranean, toward the northern
coast of Africa. The good prince was well aware of the

steady stream of gold that wended its way across the Sahara
and into Morocco. In 1415, our ships captured the port of
Cueta on Morocco's northern coast.

Given the relative size of the two nations and the
difficult Moroccan terrain (alternating mountainous strong-
holds and desert wastes), a full conquest of that country w:
impractical. Prince Henry, however, struck on a daring
plan that was to inspire 50 years of exploration and trans-
form our small country into one of the strongest and

wealthiest on Earth.
simple: He would tap the stream of gold at

His plan w
its source. To do so, he had only to sail around Africa.
No one had ever sailed any further south along the
African coast than Cape Nun (a point still well above the
tropics). The headland was said to derive its name from the
essfully returning home should

chance a sailor had of suc:
he be foolish enough to venture beyond this point.

It was widely held that the Earth would not support life
any further south. It had been well-documented that fur-
ther on the sun scorched men's skin black and turned the
sea to blood. This was the very limit of the known world and
it was another 20 years from the capture of Ceuta until a

ship managed to surpass this headland and return safely.

Inthe m , the prince had not been idle.
He had carved out ports from the islands off the coast of
Africa: first the Madeiras and then the Canaries. He had even
set his sites on the Azores, which would remain nothing more
than a ship's graveyard for many years to come.

antime, howe

These ports became not only important supply points, but
they also nétted many ships thavhad beén blown off course or
strayed from the sure path hugging the African coast.

Itawas 1445, when.we first rounded-Cape Verde and
found to our overwhelming joy that the African coast
stretched east from this point.

We had rounded the tip of darkest Africa at last, or so
we believed. You can imagine the disappointment that
paralyzed our efforts when we learned that after years of
travail, the coastline turned once again to the south.

[tell you it was brief prefigurement of the disappoint-
ment that followed the death of the prince when we could

see a half century's work coming apart before our eyes.
The year of Our Lord, 1453, brought new life to the
school at Sagras. In that year, the Ottoman Turks sacked
the city of Constantinople.
In 1456, Athens suffered a similar fate, driving the
learned refugees further into Europe. The same year,
Cadamosto established a base on the Cape Verde Islands.

Surroundings

The treacherous climb up the side of Mt. Crucis is best
left to the nimble mountain goats that favor the rocky cra;
Their attraction to the desolate cliffside is further evidence


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

of their perverse and cantankerous nature. They are cer-
tainly not above abruptly dislodging the unwary passersby.

Navigating the disused path, with its nearly vertical
switchbacks and rock falls, is an initiation in its own right.
At the head of the path, barely visible from the base of the
climb, stands a tall iron post. From its crossarm swings a
lantern, which is kept lit in all weather. The legend in-
scribed about the base of the gently swaying pole reads (in
Greek): "The way. The truth. The light."

A persistent, if dangerous, belief states that one who
has been marked by his birthstars to become a navigator can

ascend the treacherous slope without misfortune just by
fixing his eye on the distant swaying lantern and making
straight for it. Ife}
from the light —
at the uncertain footing — he is lost.

nonce the aspirant should take his eye

ven to snatch a quick downward glance

The port itself is a marvel of delicate, slender structures
reaching heavenward. The mountaintop bristles with tall,
and spires, steeples and cupolas. The build-
ings are precariously tall ands
The inhabitants of Portus Crucis go to sleep each night to

reedlike tower:

in theslightest of breezes.

the gentle rocking of the sea.

An elaborate network of hoists and stays helps support
each structure, turning the mountaintop into a maze of
rigging. Each strand is easily as big around as a stout man's
waist, and each of the massive ropes might be made up of as
many as eight intertwined strands. Overland travel is an
exhausting business of picking one's way over, under and

around the great coarse guide ropes. Consequently, most
travel around the port is accomplished by means of cat-

walks, rope ladders and plank-and-tie bridges. It is easiest to
swing across a gap on whatever rope is ready-to-hand, or to
use a hook to slide across one of the ziplines that crisscross
neighboring buildings. None of the inhabitants of the port
thinks of venturing outdoors without a coil of rope and a
hook at her belt.

The lower stories are hidden behind virtual walls of
scaffolding. The carpenters of Portus Crucis are unflagging
in their industry and have no match throughout Europe.
Their delicate structures never seem to pause in their
upward climb.

Even in the dead of night, after all the inhabitants and
workmen alike are long in bed, you can still pick out the
faint pulse of hammering and the creak of the city stretch-
ing in its sleep.

A great rivalry exists between the carpenters and the
shipwrights, spurring each of the two to greater and more
audacious achievements. One might think that, in a city
where the shipwrights craft vessels that soar through the
clouds, the humble carpenters might well pack up their
shingle and leave town by dead of night. It might just as
easily, however, have gone the other way. The masts of the
tall ships jut proudly against the backdrop of delicate

towers. Portus Crucis boasts not only the most extensive
Skyrigger shipyard in the world, but also a well-defended
port, a university, a thriving marketplace, and an extensive
collection of goods, treasures, stories and lore — all pains-
takingly gathered from the far reaches of the Earth, seas,
winds, and stars.

The Dry-dock

The legendary shipyards of Mt. Crucis are capable of
constructing, rigging and fully outfitting any of the six
major ship designs in vogue throughout Europe and the
Mediterranean. Each of the specially modified Skyrigger
designs is modeled on one of these more conventional

seagoing vessels.

At any given time, there is always at least one ship in
dry-dock under construction. New Skyriggers are produced
at a rate of about one per season. A fighting galleon,
outfitted for the Deep Void and boasting 50 guns on each
broadside, might take as long asa year to complete. A small
caravel balloon-ship, on the other hand, might be brought
out more quickly.

The dry-dock hosts any ships undergoing repair or
refitting. It is common to see an entire expeditionary force
of four or five vessels being specially modified for an
upcoming mission. The sea, the sky and the stars are each

very dangerous frontiers and it is a rare expedition that
returns to port in anything resembling serviceable condi-
tion. This area is the exclusive domain of the Shipwright's
Guild and is ruled over by the Master Shipwright, who is a
straight-speaking, explosive man from the Isle of Erin.

Che Cniversity

The University at Mt. Crucis is the legacy of Prince
Henry'
dents at Sagras were just as disillusioned and displaced by
the death of their patron as were the men who served him
on the high seas. Many were drawn to the ambitious new
project high atop Mt. Crucis. Thus, the mantle of learning
was passed, and a half-century of collected maps, skills and
lore were preserved from the ravages of time and oblivion.

The Chartroom

The Chartroom is the lair of the Piloto Mayor, one of {{
the most powerful men in Europe. From boyhood, the
Piloto Mayor was the peer and close companion to Prince
Henry. Together they created the greatest treasure in all of
Portugal — the Royal Atlas.

As each expedition returned to Lisbon, her navigator
reported directly to the Palais of the Piloto Mayor. Nocargo
of gold bullion was as carefully guarded in its passage from
ship to townas was the roteiros that each piloto carried. This
roteiros is a cache of precious manuscripts (maps, star

legendary school at Sagras. The scholars and stu-


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

charts, sailing directions, log entries, sounding depths,
journals) that allowed a navigator to work his unique
variety of magick. More importantly, the roterios con-
tained all the information necessary for another expedition
to duplicate the pilot's accomplishment — to return safely
home from those previously uncharted waters. The Piloto
Mayoris the uncontested master of the Guild of Navigators.
No one could hope to leave the harbor of Portus Crucis
without his implicit consent.

The Harbor

The harbor atop Mt. Crucis is sheltered on two sides by

nearly vertical overhanging walls of rock. On the landward
44 side, the docks connect to the city via an intricate network
V of winches, pulleys, block-and-tackles, hoists, cargo nets,
gangplanks and rope bridges. Goods being loaded or un-
4 loaded from the ships never intentionally touch the
id 3 4 yan iq ground.
: ae To the airward side, twin fortresses (the Pillars of
Solomon) project out over the mountainside and protect

the harbor mouth from aerial assault.

The harbor contains not a single drop of water.
The docks extend out overa dizzying deadfall down the
mountainside. The ships tied up at dockside bob gently

on the breeze, hovering effortlessly over the menacing
. f chasm.

Atany given time, it is rare to find as many as a dozen
ships in the harbor. Expeditions that return to port with
ty) = BY ..0 Ax their ships in serviceable condition are quickly gone again
a ae on another voyage of trade, conquest or discovery. The
\ Nl oD 2 remnants of less-successful expeditions can be found in the

= ~ ee" dry-docks and are used as materials for future craft.
° The rambling dockside is home to the halls of the
\ \\ aS 5 Sailor's Brotherhood, numerous warehouses, storehouses,
: : and flophouses and taverns frequented by the sailors. Many
of the buildings here are squat low-lying structures that

seem to have been hastily constructed beneath and be-
tween the massive guide ropes that support the towering
neighboring buildings and the docks themselves.

Rats are common, both on the ground and running
along the undersides of the great mooring lines. Conse-
quently, large mouser cats have also become a common
sight, both as shipboard pets and in the ground-bound
businesses.
fas Few people venture very far from the immediate area of
the wharves on the port's shadowy ground level. Those who
: have done so report more sinister things than rats and goats
nibbling at the great cables that support the lofty city.

: : =| The Counting House

= ; The counting house is the headquarters of the Procurer's
Guild. The structure is built along the lines of a grand
Mediterranean villa, with open-air courtyards, columned


2 1

CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
= REASON

promenades, and tiled galleries cooled by ornate fountains.
One guest described the rambling villaas flamboyantafter the
fashion of the hooded cobra. Another opined that it takes one
who has lived an entire life between the opposite extremes of
popes and emperors to achieve such easy decadence.

This man of easy decadence is the head of the procurer's
guild, Merchant Prince Marco de Ravenna. The treasure
vaults of the Counting House hold marvels and secrets from

the far reaches of the earth, sea and sky.

The Pillars of Solomon

The two fortresses that guard the entrance to the se-
cluded mountaintop harbor are known as the Pillars of
Solomon. They have been carved from the living rock of the
mountain. They have seen heavy fighting twice in their brief
history and have on each occasion proved to be unassailable.

The granite sides of the towers can shrug off 50 pound
shot without even marring their surface. Each boasts mas-
sive guns that can hurl a cannonball over a mile distant.
These weapons are mounted so as to be able to fire nearly
vertically at need.

In times of crisis, the Skyriggers are the port's chosen
first line of defense. The twin fortresses are intended to
provide long-range fire support, to serve as a last line of
defense should the fleet falter, and to protect the vulnerable
vessels should they be caught unawares in harbor.

The fortresses and the bold marines that man them are
under the command of the Governor-General.

Ships of the Line
The Carvack

This workhorse of the Age of Exploration combines
the best features of both the northern (Atlantic) and
southern (Mediterranean) shipbuilding traditions.

The northern vessels were study ships built to with-
stand the worst that the storm-cursed Atlantic could throw
at them. Their billowing square sails provided great power
iling with a favorable wind. Their hulls were clin-

when s
ker-built — composed of overlapping planks that made for
a very strong and watertight hull.

The Mediterranean fleets were suited to milder condi-
tions. They were lighter, faster, and their triangular lateen
sails made them extremely maneuverable. They could come
about in a tight circle or beat a path into the face of an
adverse wind.

The breakthrough that made the carrack possible was
the realization that square and lateen sails could be com-
bined to even greater effect. The success of the carrack
spurred a revolution in which three-masted vessels quickly
rendered all other contemporary designs obsolete.

provides the vessel's forward thrust. It is equipped with a
single round top (the maintop or crow's nest). Its smaller
masts toward the bow (foremast) and stern (mizzenmast)
are both lateen sails used for steering and maneuverability.

The carrack's most characteristic feature is its long
forecastle that extends out over bow. The castle is hexago-
nal in shape and used as a raised fighting platform, to give
the defenders the advantage in ship-to-ship combat.

To the ship'sstern, the fighting castle becomes a proper
deck that stretches half the ship's length. The sides of the
carrack are exaggeratedly rounded to shirk off enemy pro-
jectiles and when two vessels are locked side to side, the fact
that the carrack is narrower at its deck than at its waterline
and creates a gap that must be leapt by would-be boarders.
The carrack is steered by means of a single rudder

ted directly to the stern. A long connecting rod, the
whipstaff, allows the steersman to move the heavy tiller
from a cabin on the halfdeck, instead of fighting for his life
on the storm-tossed maindeck.

mou

The carrack isa versatile vessel, admirably suited to the
role of either a coast-hugging trader, or an open-sea ex-
plorer. Although not a front-line warship, she is good in a
fight. Her speed and maneuverability are telling advantages
in skirmishes with pirates or ships flying the flag of rival
nations. The carrack has become the benchmark against
which all other ships of the age are measured.

The Nao

An attempt by Spanish shipbuilders to improve on the
basic carrack design, the nao can be thought of as a carrack
flagship. In contrast, the nao has nearly half as much cargo
capacity as the carrack, which is an important advantage for

taking on extra food for ocean crossings, or for stocking the
holds with precious cargoes from the east.

Each of her three masts boasts a round top armed with
a mounted gun that can rotate a full 360 degrees. The aft
quarterdeck presents the enemy vessel with five gunports
on each side.

The Caravel

Despite its small size, the caravel is renowned for its
tenacity. Many a caravel has returned from treacherous
ocean crossings that have left its larger counterparts foun-
dering or lost at sea.

There are two distinct varieties of caravel: the caravela
latina is lateen-rigged and unmatched in its bursts of speed. It
hasa reputation of being able to come around quickly enough
to catch its own wake. The caravela redonda is square-tigged
for keeping pace with much larger vessels on long ocean-
going voyages. Many captains are willing to sacrifice some
degree of speed and maneuverability to keep such a useful


CASTLES :
AND
COVENANTS : :

are shallow-keeled — excellent for plying coastal waterways,
especially in uncharted regions where there may be danger of
unknown reefs, shoals or sandbars. The caravel is flat-sterned
and she boasts no bowsprit, giving her the appearance of
The compact
vessel is amazingly resilient in the face of a storm. In a fight,

having been ruthlessly cropped down to siz

the vessel's most potent weapon is its maneuverability, which
allows it to disengage from a superior foe and to swoop swiftly
els that have been damaged by the warships
of the caravel's escort.

The Galley

The latest evolution of a Mediterranean design whose

to finish off ve:

proud lineage stretches back well over a thousand years. A
modern galley isa sleek, swift vessel, riding low to the water.
Although it boasts a large lateen sail, it is propelled by banks

of oars.

The term "galley become

short, brutal, animal existence. The galley slaves spend their

ynonymous with a

lives chained to oars and rowing benches. In countries where
slavery is uncommon, prisoners of warand convictsare readily
substituted at the rowing benches. When one oarsman suc-

cumbs to the heat and exertion, another is quickly inserted

into his place and the drums boom ever onward.

This practice of using, discarding and instantly replac-
ing the infirm isnot limited to the galley's manpower. Every
spar or fitting on the vessel is cut to a common standard.
This telling design advantage allows the vessel to quickly
recover from damage that sends other ships to the bottom

of the sea. Even major repairs can be accomplished without
limping back to a friendly port.

The galley's fighting style suits its rugged tempera-
ment. The vessel is swift and capable of unequaled bursts of
speed. Its maneuverability, how
bat, the galley rams its opponents.

er, is quite poor. In com-

The galley lacks even such militant refinements as
fighting castles. It depends on crushing the hull of enemy
vessels and swarming over the opposition with a blood-
thirsty mob of boarders who had little or nothing to lose.
ely a fighting ship.
With its speed and reliability, the galley excels at carrying

The galley is not, however, exclus

ve

important news, dignitaries or perishable goods between
the various ports of the Mediterranean.

The Galleass

Something of a mule, the galleass resembles an ill-
conceived cross between the galley and the carrack. The
design is generally praised for its ambition while simulta-
neously scorned for its execution.

In theory, the idea of combining the galley's speed and
durability with the carrack's maneuverability is very ap-

pealing. The galleass features the three-masted rigging PYM
popularized by the carrack — a design which, according to
popular wisdom, ensures both power and control. Unfortu-
nately the triple mas so require a higher and wider deck,
raising the banks of oars further from the water and making
rowing a Herculean task.

The one real fighting advantage of the galleass is the

fact that its foredeck is low to the waterline. The carrack,
with its characteristic high fighting castle, cannot effec-
tively fire straightforward. The galleass, however, can mount
ponderous guns both fore and aft. These armaments allow
the vessel to fire on the enemy as it closes. In many c:
it can cripple her opponent before it can come bro:
The galleass can also bring its ram to bear at close quarters,

dside.

where it strikes treacherously close to the waterline. The
force of the blow is often enough to drive the prow of the
enemy ship under and send it to the bottom.

The Galleon

The uncontested master of the high seas, the galleon
boasts three complete decks. From her gundeck, she can
unleash a broadside of 50 full-sized guns to both port and
starboard. Resistance melts away before her like fog at
midday.

asy to pick out this ship's tall
profile as well as the billowing yards of extra can'

Even froma distance,

tis:
as she flies.

In fair weather, the galleon runs up two full square-rigged |
sails on each of her main-, fore- and mizzen-masts.

Besides its impressive combat capabilities, the galleon's

makes it ideally suited to taking aboard extra
One of the major disadvan-
tages of the galleon is that she cannot put to sea without
attracting a great deal of attention. When a full battle group
of three or more galleons (and their accompanying support
|s) puts to sea, the deployment is no longer a matter of
a nautical expedition — it is a dramatic move in the

great s

provisions, marine:

, OF Cargo

complex game of international diplomacy.

Skyviggers

Skyriggers are based on the same six basic designs that
dominate the harbors of more conventional ports of call.
When a Skyrigger appears on the horizon, it might be
mistaken for a ship of the line. As the distance closes,
however, radical departures from the standard design be-
come evident to even the dullest of lookouts.

There are eight basic skyrigs — methods of overhaul-
inga standard ocean-going vi
nd beyond. Most skyrigs can be fitted to any of the

el so that it might soar to the

clou
six conventional ship designs. Not all of the 48 resulting
combinations, however, have survived the transition from
drawing board to shipyard. Designs that have yet to be
successfully constructed are classified as conjectural. From


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

Sleets and Expeditions

The lone exploratory vessel or solitary ocean-going
trader is largely romantic fiction. The dangers of the deep
are such that only the most foolish or headstrong braves
them alone. Even in the calmer and well-charted waters
of the Mediterranean, there is safety in numbers.

A typical expedition consists of a thoughtfully as-
sembled group of three to five ships. The expedition is led
by acaptain-general who commands the flagship. When
selecting the best mix of vessels for longer exploratory
voyages, the captain-general begins with a large supply
ship. This vessel serves asa mobile storehouse from which
the other ships might be resupplied en route. On the
return voyage, its holds can be filled with the fruits of the
expedition's labors.

Next, the commander's thoughts usually fly to pro-
tecting his floating supply line. The expeditionary force
should contain at least one escort ship to fend off the
ravages of pirates and privateers.

Only the most extravagantly financed expedition
could boast a galleon for its flagship. Such a commission
would be a sign of special royal favor — it comes only as
the reward for years of unflagging service, and the ap-
pointment is always fraught with intrigue and treachery
from unexpected quarters.

Commanding a nao isa mark of distinction reserved
exclusively for that elite group of captain-generals who
serve the very wealthiest of patrons — the Italian mer-
chant princes, the Dutch trading monopolies, the private
hereditary fleets of the Spanish admiralty. Expeditions
with less influential sponsors might still expect to spe-
cially outfit their flagship with a handful of guns to
discourage predators. Even a tight pack of caravels might
be armed with a few light guns to harry an enemy while
the main group makes good its escape.

If the captain-general expects heated opposition on
his mission, he may select additional fighting ships to
compliment the powerful broadsides of his flagship. A
carrack equipped with a bank of lighter, long-range guns
might provide fire support, and a galley or galleass adds a
decisive advantage in close combat.

The expeditionary force should also contain one fast
ship, able to race to the nearest friendly port either to
fetch help or to bring good tidings of a successful mission.
If this ship is a shallow-keeled galley or caravel, it might
prove its worth performing scouting and sounding duty in
unknown coastal waters. Expeditions that do not include
such coast-runners have to sacrifice valuable storage
space on deck to carry pinnaces — small single-masted
ships that might be quickly assembled and deployed for
such purposes.

the time a fledgling design first manages to "leave the nest"
—to depart the dry-dock under its own power — it becomes
classed as experimental.

The main obstacle before an experimental vessel is its
shakedown voyage — a most demanding trial in which an
experienced crew of Explorators does its best to undo all |
that the master shipwrights have so lovingly and painstak-
ingly created. During its shakedown, the ship is exposed to
the most hazardous conditions that the thrill-seeking
Explorators can re-create. These conditions routinely in-
cludeaseries of freefalls, splashdowns, ethyrskips, inversions,
collisions and tailspins. The crew systematically jams and
misfires all of the weapons. Designs that survive these
tender ministrations unscathed are pronounced sky-worthy
— the seal of approval that allows other Skyriggers to be
produced based on the successful prototype.

Skyriggers are just as at home skimming above the
waves as they are slicing through them. There is no signifi-
cant difference between sailing on the ocean currents and 5

the two do things become somewhat challenging.

It is common for Skyriggers to splash down or make
seafall during their journey. This solution is practical to the
problem of taking on additional provisions in the course of a
long voyage. Very few ports can receive an airborne Skyrigger.

The aerial docks of Mt. Crucis are surely unique. Any
airman who claims to have certain knowledge of another
such port of call is surely spinning a yarn. There are certain
natural harbors among the world's highest peaks. Knowl-
edge of such safe havens, however, is highly prized and
carefully guarded.

Cloudships

The very first Skyrigger christened in Portos Crucis was
the cloudship Ambition. This tried-and-true design re-
mains the most popular skyrig in production.

The high gleaming prow of acloudship is the sight most
likely tocatch the visitor's eye duringa trip to the harborside.
Popular convention holds that at least one cloudship is
always in port at any given time. The fishwives' prophesy
that there will be a day when no cloudship graces the
harbor, but from that day forward, no vessel will ever find
its way home to the fabulous port.

The cloudship owes its enduring appeal to the simplic-
ity of its execution. It features a special skyrig that involves
fitting the vessel with huge, almost comically oversized,
prow, keel and rudder. Each of these components is crafted
of pure silver.

Asany hedge wizard could tell you, the mystic power of
silver lies in its ability to cleave unerringly through the air.
From the days of most ancient sagas, potent "blades of light"
were cunningly wrought with silver edges — for it was well-


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

not to impede the noble metal, which served as the herald
of the gods. Likewise, silver arrows were thought to fly
swiftly and unerringly to their target.

This skyrig derives its name from the peculiar observa-
tion that the clouds themselves seem to part before the
vessel's silver prow, as if reluctant to hinder the sacred
metal. A cloudship rides both wind and wave with equal
ease, and its transition from one element to the other is
seamless. The vessel climbs to the skies with stately grace,
like a warrior-king's chariot cresting a hillside.

Clockwork Automata

Automata take to the skies under the power of intricate
mechanisms, gears, springs and pulleys. One of the most
impressive designs replaces the banks of oarsonaconventional
galley with huge, wooden bat wings with polished brass struts
and fittings. The mechanical wings beat with a clockwork
<¢ precision that shames even the most demanding galley master.

Most automata are crafted to resemble mythic beasts.
From a distance, it is often difficult to distinguish between
the automaton and the creature itself.

A clockwork dragon might belch fire via a complex
system of vents and billows. Alternately, the beast might
breathe forth a great cloud of grapeshot from a battery of
concealed guns. Other automata, such as the famous storm-
eagle design, feature great claws capable of snatching up
boulders or flaming debris to drop on hapless ground targets.

Automata are expensive to build and maintain. The
owner of such a vessel is often channeling the resources of
\ an entire city into the craft's upkeep. These ships tend to be

temperamental. In combat, a wise captain avoids head-on
confrontation, as even light damage can be disabling if any
of the vulnerable critical systems are struck.

Perhaps because of the staggering investment of cash
and engineering that goes into producing each new au-
tomaton, these Skyriggers tend to be the most prestigious of
all the skyships. Each of these vessels is built according to
aunique design and a vicious rivalry exists between patrons.
The commissioning of a new vessel is always shrouded in a
web of secrecy, intrigue, bribery, espionage, treachery,
sabotage and murder.

Atherships

The elegant 4therships are an awe-inspiring sight. Even
the long-time inhabitants of Portus Crucis, who might be
expected to have grown somewhat jaded from long exposure
to the fantastic, look up with wide eyes when the shadow of
the graceful Aithership glides overhead. This Skyrigger has a
very distinctive profile. Rising above the Athership's billow-
ingsails a further cobweb of gossamer rigging extends, linking
the ship to one or more great canvas balloons.

The Athership runs on the ancient arcane principle
that each element seeks its own ground. Water runs down-
hill to the sea. A rock dropped from the deck of a Skyrigger
speeds to its native Earth. A cask filled with air and
submerged beneath the depths fights its way back to the
open sky. Similarly, if one could capture a sample of the
elusive substance that fills the void between the stars, that
ethyr would find a way to return to its home in the heavens.
Given enough of the rare element, it would be possible to
lift an entire ship and its crew into the heavens.

The great balloons of the A2thership are coated and
sealed with pitch or tree sap to prevent the escape of the rare
element. The A2ther is harvested by Skyriggers on their
return trip from the Void. These vessels cast their canvas
"nets" on the cosmic waters. As the ship speeds Earthward, it
drags the canvas in its wake — inflating it. The towline is
then pulled tight and the opening tied and sealed. The
inflated balloons help check the skyship's speed as it plum-
mets toward the Earth. Back in port, these balloons are
carefully removed and stored for outfitting later expeditions.

Fighting Kites

This experimental skyrig was developed in response to
the need for an agile airborne attackship. It is a great
mistake to assume that sailing the tradewinds is less fraught
with danger than navigating the seven seas. Dragons, rocs,
griffins, harpies and other beasts are not above tackling an
entire shipload of fighting men. Pirates riding beasts or
stolen airships, prowl the cloudscape, intent on mayhem
and plunder.

The name of Portos Crucis is not universally loved.
Like any prosperous trading center, the port has acquired its
fair share of rivals and even enemies. Foremost among its
detractors is the influential Mediterranean island-port of
Majorca. Although best known for their conventional
fleet, the Majorcans have, of late, launched several success-
ful Skyrigger expeditions — including a daring nighttime
raid on the harbor at Alexandria. The avarice with which
the passionate Majorcans view their wealthy rival is always
balanced precariously on the brink of open hostility. Some
Skyriggers claim that the Majorcans are behind the recent
decisions of several east Mediterranean ports to close their
harbors to the ships of Portus Crucis.

Fighting kites are capable of dizzyingly sharp swoops
and turns. They favor a few heavy short-range guns and rely
on their swiftness and maneuverability to evade the enemy's
weapons, penetrate his defenses, and deliver a crippling
blow. Such vessels also feature a massive harpoon gun (aft)
with a strong winch for drawing in wounded prey. The
winch line can be quickly severed by a lever-blade beside
the spool to keep the ship from being dragged to its own
destruction by a freefalling target.


—— CHAPTER IL | Ribena
THE ORDER OF BEX NOOO |
= 4 REASON al

Ghostships

So named for its eerie appearance, this vessel hovers
menacingly in midair, with its tattered sails lit from below
by green and white incandescence.

The obscure alchemal transformation that gives the
vessel both its buoyancy and its luminous appearance is
derived from a compound of lime, lichen and quicksilver.
The entire hull is sealed with this reeking paste in lieu of the
more conventional pitch. The foul compound soaks into
the planking over the course of several night's application,
devouring the wood from within. The structure that re-
mains is rendered remarkably light and surprisingly dense.
The major drawback to the process is that the hull becomes
quite brittle. Often the shot from an enemy cannon causes
a jagged section of planking to shatter and fall away like a
broken mirror. These gaping holes have only added to the
ghostship's mystique. .

A conservative coating of the "wraithlight" is often
applied to the canvas and rigging as well, rendering it as
shimmering and ephemeral as cobwebs in moonlight. If too
much of the substance is applied, however, the ropes have
a tendency to snap when pulled taut.

The men and women who sail the ghostships are
teasingly referred to as "Haunts" by their fellows in the
Sailor's Brotherhood. Ghostships are not renowned for
their fighting prowess, and their unusual countenance
renders them unsuitable for most trading missions. These
vessels are, however, ideally suited for solitary missions of
discovery, treasure hunting, or espionage.

Voidships

The fearless explorer of the Outerdark must expect to
endure the perils of extreme cold that can freeze blood in its
course. She must be prepared for the hailstorms of boiling
rock that rain down on the unwary. She must remain ever-
vigilant against the mind-rending abominations that dwell
behind the stars.

The voidships themselves appear pitifully unprepared
for the peril and madness that await them. Their graceful
sails boast no canvas, but are instead strung like harps with
resonant strands of precious metal. Although the wind tears
unheedingly through the sails, this:strange rigging does a
remarkable job of capturing the music of spheres — the
sublime harmonic pattern of the stars and planets in their
courses. It is this music that propels the ship through the
Deep Void. A conventional vessel would hang helplessly,
suspended in limbo, midway between Heaven and Earth.

Cabals

Despite the seeming unity of purpose that joins the
tight community high atop Mt. Crucis, the port is home to
a number of groups — each of which harbors its own

distinct, and often conflicting, agenda. The guilds are the
major players in these power struggles. Each occupation has
banded together to promote the interests of that profession.
Guilds fulfill a three-fold mission: to protect, educate and
regulate the practitioners of their trade.

Sailor's Brotherhood

The bulk of every crew is drawn directly from the ranks
of the Sailor's Brotherhood. Their practical sailing skill and
knowledge of sea lore are the lifeblood of any expedition.

The Brotherhood is primarily concerned with ensuring
the best possible treatment, training and treasure for its
members. Guild members are easily identified by elaborate
tattoos that serve as their credentials. Any old salt can read
a sailor's rank, achievements and ports of call at a glance.
Battle scars are often worked into the artwork, adding to
their story. Guildsmen take great pride in comparing these
markings at length.

Society of Pilots

The Society of Pilots is entrusted with guarding the
mysteries of navigating the seas, skies and deep void. The
ship's pilot is regarded with an almost religious reverence.
His skill and judgment are the tenuous guide rope that leads
the ship and her crew home again.

No single member of the crew, including her captain,
is as indispensable as the piloto. Membership in this select
group is quite limited. Even the bustling Portus Crucis, heir
to the great school at Sagras, can boast no more than a
dozen master navigators.

Piloto Maestros are always in short supply. While at
sea, a single master pilot sails aboard the flagship and is
responsible for keeping all the ships together and on course.
He is aided in this daunting task by a team of journeymen
and apprentices — one for each ship in the expedition.
Every evening, the pilots gather in the Maestro's cabin to
calculate their current position, speed and bearing. They
then receive their sailing instructions for the following day.

Navigation is, at best, an imprecise science. Devices
such as the quadrant and sextant can be used to fix the
height of the sun.above the horizon. Armed with this
information, the experienced pilot.can calculate his lati-
tude — his distance north or south of the equator — with
a reasonable degree 'of accuracy.

His exact position, however, still largely remains a
matter of guesswork. There is no reliable means of gauging
a vessel's longitude — its east/west position. Pilots make
their best estimate of their actual position by using a system
known as Dead Reckoning.

Dead Reckoning relies on the fact that given a fixed
starting point, if one knows both the direction and distance
traveled, it is possible to calculate one's current position.

EES

—AZ2eP)Z


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

Ranks

The Brotherhood recognizes the following ranks: ship's boy, swab, seaman/airman/voidsman,
specialist, ensign, bowsun, second mate and first mate.

¢ Ship's boy, the lowest rank, is reserved for sailors under the age of 12. In most cases, these youths
are apprentices and receive no wages. A ship's boy might be a manservant to the captain, or an
assistant to the cook. He may be a stowaway forced to earn his keep, or the by-blow of an airman
following in his father's footsteps, or simply an overcurious lad who pried too deeply into the secrets
of the mysterious Skyriggers.

© Swabs are adult sailors still working out their sea legs. The "title" derives from the labor in which
they spend most of their time — swabbing the decks and washing down the holds.

Swabs usually sign on for a flat fee in return for service on both legs of the journey. Pay is a fraction
of what a regular seaman earns, as a swab is also compensated with valuable training and experience.

¢ A seasoned seaman has mastered basic skills, logged at least a year at sea, and earned the respect
of his fellows. As such, he earns one copper coin each day he's away from port as well as one full share
in the profits of the expedition. A small caravel might sail with as few as 15 able seamen. A galleon
might boast as many as 80 without taking into account her compliment of marines.

Skyrigger postings are divided into three classes: seagoing, airgoing and voidgoing. A seagoing
expedition spends half its time on the waves. Most Skyrigger voyages fit this category.

Flight introduces many added dangers and uncertainties into the mission. Weathering a storm at
sea, although a terrifying experience, is nothing like the death sentence of attempting to ride out a
gale from the air. Flying also renders simple mistakes — like falling overboard — fatal. Similarly, a ship
foundering at sea has a much greater opportunity to effect repairs than one plummeting from the sky.
Because of the added dangers, airmen are compensated at the rate of three copper coins for every two
days of service. Each also receives his full share in the expedition's profits.

If voyages into the clouds are dangerous, expeditions into the Deep Void pose an ever-present
threat to both the life and sanity of each crewman. The Void is utterly intolerant of even the slightest
misstep. To falter is to perish — this is the voidsman's code.

For the perils they endure, these fearless explorers are paid a mere two copper coins for each day
of service, along with their rightful share of the profits. The wharfside of Portus Crucis taverns ring
with tales of expeditions that have brought back treasures so rare and wondrous as to make rich men
of the entire crew. Most often, however, the wonders with which the Voidships return are priceless
only in the scientific sense. It's important to note that such talk is not common to all seaports; sailors
who boast of such exploits outside a Skyrigger port soon bring Inquisitors down on them.

© The specialist is a seasoned veteran who has mastered a skill indispensable to the survival of the
expedition. The ship's cook, lookout, and helmsmen are good examples of this position. Specialists
usually command the respect of the entire crew, although they can just as easily inspire envy or distrust
among their fellows.

A specialist receives twice the compensation of a regular sailor (two copper coins per day at sea,
three in the air, four in the Void) and as a double share in the profits.

© Non-commissioned officer ranks include the watchman and the bowsun. Each position is
compensated three times the normal rate, with a triple share of the profits.

© The first and second mates are the highest ranks of enlisted men. These two men form the
critical link between captain and crew. They are responsible for seeing that the captain's orders and
the pilot's instructions are carried out swiftly and efficiently. They are responsible to the Brotherhood
for the safety and success of the mission. In compensation, the mates receive five times the normal pay
rate and a proportionate share in the profits.

CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON

The pilot makes a reckoning during each four-hour watch,
plotting each new position on his roteiros.

In a favorable weather, the steersman maintains the
pilot's course by sighting along the line of recognized
celestial bodies. In foul weather, the ship's large brass
compass reveals the true course. This crucial navigation is
permanently mounted on a pedestal at the helm.

When sailing into the wind, dead reckoning became
even less exact as the ship was forced to repeatedly change
directions, tacking back and forth across the wind's path to
make headway.

To estimate the ship's speed pilots cast overboard a
small piece of wood tied to a rope knotted at regular one
fathom intervals. By counting the number of knots that
passed through his hands in a given period of time, it was
possible to make a rough estimate of the ship's speed and the
distance it traveled during a watch. This simple naviga-
tional aid was known as the ship's log, a name that was later
applied to the book in which these measurements were
recorded. The logbook also noted any other significant
events that occurred during the watch.

Each small error in plotting the vessel's current posi-
tion was compounded by the fact that it was passed along as
an incorrect starting point for the next calculation. It was
common for a pilot to believe himself to be hundreds of
miles from his true position.

With all these uncertainties, it is not surprising that
sailing instructions tend to be as much a matter of folklore
as of science. The most means of navigation is to stay close
toaknown coastline. When forced to strike out on the open
sea, pilots like to "run the latitudes" — to sail north or south
until they strike the latitude of their destination. Following
this invisible line to their chosen port of call is then a matter
? of tenacity and good fortune.

The best set of existing directions to guide the ambi-
tious pilot to the shores of the New World simply reads,
"South ‘til the butter melts, then due west."

Sebastian Castille

Sebastian Castille was not a man accustomed to the

company of death. He was renowned, however, as someone
who was comfortable and collected in unfamiliar territory.
He gathered his resolve. Sebastian Castille was a navigator.

There were few ports of call on which he had not
himself called. He had cut his teeth on the jeweled cities of
the Mediterranean. He had learned to walk on storm-swept
decks off Cape Verde. He had stolen his first kiss in the
spice-scented markets of Baghdad. He had first killed aman
overa woman in the streets of Veracruz. He had sailed under
the flags of both Spain and Portugal. There was no harbor

that was closed to him.

In the Charthouse high atop Mt. Crucis, there was a
great atlas. It contained the accumulated knowledge of the

~Z=

mighty sea-faring nation of Portugal. It was said that any
landfall ever made — even those only glimpsed through the
haze of great distance, time, or delirium — could be found
in the Atlas.

The responsibility for continually updating these volu-
minous charts belonged to the Piloto Mayor, one of the
most powerful men in all of Europe. He was never without
the key to the Chartroom, which he wore around his neck
ona heavy chain of crude iron links, each as large as a man's
fist. Students speculated that the Piloto Mayor must be a
man of poetic nature, one who wore this cumbersome chain
to remind himself of the burden of his great responsibility.

The chain was actually a reminder of another kind, a
souvenir from a land that never appeared in the Atlas —a
land that lay hidden at the bottom of the sea. The Piloto
Mayor and a novice pilot named Sebastian Castille had
unwillingly visited this Realm at the invitation of the
Barbary Coast pirates. Those iron links were all that re-
mained of the chains that draped the two men when they E>
were cast overboard.

"Lost your first ship," the Piloto Mayor was fond of
recounting. He paused dramatically before the ornate and
purely decorative fireplace in the Chartroom. "And I believe
your first captain as well, God rest what passes for his soul."

The Piloto Mayor continued ticking off the sausage-
like digits of his right hand. "The entire crew, all of the
cargo that would not float, and my own roteiros—five years
off my very life. You will understand that I could hardly fault
the pirates for wanting to drown you. Nor is it any wonder
to me that the sea cast you up again."

"My friend," Sebastian said, "You have a rare and
morbid flair for the nostalg


IIIA

Z,

/

|

CASTLES
AND

The Piloto Mayor smiled widely and poured generously,
sloppily from a delicate crystal decanter. "You must try," he
continued patiently, "to be more careful with your things."

Procurer's Guild

Despite its humble beginnings, the Procurer's Guild
has risen to a position of preeminence among the guilds of
Portus Crucis. The Procurers are not only the most influen-
tial of the five major guilds, they are also the most ready to
wield this power to manipulate people and events toward a
desired end.

The residents of Portus Crucis are almost entirely
without native food supply. This is not to say that the
founders did not choose the location of their shipyards with
great care. There is no site within the borders of Portugal
that offers such a sheltered natural harbor for airgoing
vessels. Fresh water, another critical concern for any seago-
ing venture, is available in great abundance from rainwater

S and the many mountain springs.

Since the very beginning of the port's history, the
citizens have domesticated small herds of the mountain
goats that dot the mountainsides. Goat herds keep their
flocks penned in high rope corrals among the outskirts of
the maze of guide ropes that support the towering city. From
these herds, the residents enjoy a steady supply of fresh
milk, cream, butter and cheeses.

A few of the hardier breeds of sheep have also been
introduced to the rocky grazing land atop the mountain. It
is not surprising that the inhabitants of Portus Crucis have
always considered mutton a great delicacy. It has become the
main ingredient in the stews and meat pies for which the
residents quite rightly pride themselves. There is a strong
undercurrent of animosity between the shepherds and goat
herds who are only too aware of the limited amount of
grazing land available to support both professions.

The Procurers rose to their daunting challenge with
great ingenuity. Their first step was to secure a trading
partner — ideally one whose bountiful supply line was not
prone to be cut by warring states, robber-barons, fickle
tariffs, flood, famine, snow-locked mountain passes, plague,
pirates or any of a dozen other potentially fatal interruptions.

This partner must also be discreet enough not ask too
many of the wrong questions.

The Procurers found an ideal match in the Hanseatic
League. Although already in their waning years and scarred
by decay and corruption, the Hansa were Europe's first true
mercantile powerhouse.

Founded in northern Germany, the mysterious and
influential Hansa had begun as a humble association of
merchants and towns. They cornered the herring market
and soon became the sole provider for the entire Baltic
region. They were soon a force to be reckoned with — a
mercantile league spanning over 100 trading cities.

( COVENANTS Y 2 Ge

Consumed with her disputes with neighboring na-
tions, France has never had the opportunity nor the
inclination to develop even an organized merchant fleet,
much lessanavy. Hence, the French ports—even Marseilles,
the Mediterranean jewel in the French crown — had a
reputation for being unregulated, unscrupulous and unruly.

Nantes was far enough from both the front lines and
the king's court to be an ideal port of call. All that remained
to make the Procurer's ambitious plan work was a vessel to
carry the supplies on the last leg of its voyage. A modest
fishing boat could accomplish the trip down the friendly
and well-charted coast to Portugal. The final overland
stretch, however, posed a nearly insurmountable challenge.
Setting aside for the moment the expense of carting a
shipload of barrels to the base of the mountain, and the
Herculean task of hauling them up the sheer cliff face, the
fact remained that such a large and curious expedition
could not be carried out with any secrecy.

To meet this final challenge, the Procurers comman-
deered the San Andreas, the Skyrigger prototype — the
first and only such vessel to have survived its shakedown
voyage. The Procurer's heavy-handed tactics in wresting
control of this vessel set the stage for a long-standing
animosity between the two groups.

The success of the cloudship's first supply run blunted
the edge of this open antagonism, but suspicion and hostili-
ties are rife. The Shipwrights were quick to grasp that as
long as the San Andreas continued to bring loaves and
fishes to their new mountaintop shipyard, they would be
free to work their miracles of wood and canvas. The Procur-
ers also helped ease tensions by commissioning the aerial
shipyard's first creation, the cloudship Ambition.

The Procurers take a very active hand in the political
struggle that accompanies the announcement of each new
expedition from the harbor of Portus Crucis. The guild has
a strong prejudice toward trade missions over risky and
unprofitable voyages of discovery and conquest. Guildsmen
also go to great lengths to ensure that only the most
lucrative destinations and routes are plotted.

Although the voice of the Procurer's Guild always
urges caution and prudence, it has backed some rather
daring expeditions into the unknown when the potential
rewards for doing so justify the risk. These speculative
ventures have even included a number of remarkable raids
to plunder the wonders of the Deep Void. It is rumored that
the labyrinthine vaults far beneath the Countinghouse
hold marvels and horrors never meant for this world.

Marco de Ravenna

Background: Vicious and conflicting rumors have a
way of preceding Ravenna. Evidence suggests that in his
younger days, the expatriate Merchant Prince was none
other than the Red Lion of Ravenna, one of the most


CHAPTER II:
THE ORDER OF
REASON y;

colorful commanders to emerge from the ceaseless power
struggles that ravage his native Italia.

The epithet is thought to arise from Ravenna's un-
checked savagery on the field of battle. Sources close to
Ravenna, however, nervously dismiss such whisperings and
point out that the nickname might just as easily derive from
Ravenna's namesake and patron, St. Mark the Evangelist,
whose symbol was the lion.

Rumor also has it that Ravenna's meteoric rise to
military glory ended suddenly when he was forced to resign
his commission after striking the head from an insubordi-
nate officer. Whatever the truth of this incredulous claim,
it is certain that he left his homeland under something of a
black cloud and, since that time, he has only added to his
reputation for intemperance. Ravenna hasa fatal attraction
toward impossible odds that has earned him a reputation as
an infamous gambler, spendthrift and something of a rogue.

He fences with two weapons, in the style of his native
Italia, and he is as at home on the field of honor as he is on
the field of battle.

Shipwright's Guild

The Shipwright's guild is responsible for all aspects of
construction, repair and maintenance of the Skyriggers. No
vessel leaves the port without a representative of the guild
on board to protect the shipwrights' interests. The ship's
carpenter, or shipsman, is a respected member of the crew.
In times of crisis, he does not hesitate to take command of
repair efforts and to press his fellows into service as well. He
is responsible for keeping the vessel shipshape the entire
time it is away from port.

The shipsman knows his vessel and its capabilities
better than any man alive. The role of shipsman isa lifelong
duty. Crews, pilots, even captains, are transferred from
vessel to vessel over the course of their careers. The
shipsman's bond, however, is unseverable except by death,
destruction or disgrace.

Allof the shipwrights take an active hand in the design
and construction of each vessel. When the new ship's frame
is laid out, all of the guildsman gather at the site. Each casts
anail, its head stamped with its owner's distinctive maker's ¥
mark, into the empty pitchbucket. The Harbormaster draws
the first nail and hammers it into place, forever joining the
newly selected shipsman and his solemn charge.

When the vessel leaves the dry-dock for her shake-
down voyage, her shipsman leaves his place at the shipyard,
never to return.

The Shipwrights are proud of their handiwork and their
history. The first Skyrigger model was conceived and de-

workable design belongs to a secretive society within the
university, calling themselves the Eye of Horus. The archives
of the Shipwright's guild maintains the names of the original
12 masters — renowned shipbuilders, inventors, mathemati-
cians and mystics from across Europe and the Near East who
had gathered to study and to teach at the university.

It did not take members of the Eye long to move from
a feasible concept to a working small-scale model. They
pressed forward with a speed born of desperation. Each
expedition returning to the great port of Lisbon brought
dire news in those days.

The African coast beyond Cape Verde, which had to
everyone's elation turned eastward, now turned to the
south again. Hopes were dashed and funding for explora-
tion trickled to a standstill. Africa had not been rounded
after all. The coast stretched away south into the insur-
mountable distance.

Refugees were streaming into Lisbon, fleeing the sack
of Constantinople and Athens by the ravaging infidel Turk.
Each ship returning from the Mediterranean was packed
with as many of the displaced as could bribe, sleep or sneak
their way onboard. The one blessing in this steady stream of
human misery was the fact that many learned men, well
versed in astrology, medicine and the mystic arts, found
their way to the school at Sagras.

New Spanish ports were sighted along the African
mainland. It was a direct challenge to Portuguese su-
premacy along the Emerald and Ivory Coasts. Furthermore,
tensions between Aragon and Castille, which were so
necessary to the security of their tiny neighbor Portugal,
seemed to be quenched by the announcement of the be-
trothal of Ferdinand and Isabella.


CASTLES

BRE COVENANTS

The Eye of Horus was aware of the dangers these
revelations posed. Perhaps more disturbing were rumors of
the waning health of their beloved sponsor and protector.
With redoubled intensity, they chased their elusive goal.

They knew it was folly to even consider constructing a
skyship within plain view at the shipyards of Lisbon. The
eyes of the entire world were fixed on that harbor. Their
plans required a much more secluded locale.

They chose the sight for their first shipyards with care.
Far from prying eyes, just off the coast of Western Africa, lay
the Azores. This island chain was universally recognized as
a possession of the crown of Portugal, but the prince had
been unable to carve out a successful foothold there. The
7 main obstacle was the treacherous coastal waters — a

4 fearsome adversary whose domain was marked by one of the

largest known ship's graveyards.

It was among the shattered hulls and tilting masts that
the Eye of Horus established their covert shipworks.

In that very same year, the Portuguese carrack, San
Andreas, was reported lost at sea off Cape Verde — a
common enough fate in those storm-cursed waters. In
reality, this ship, which had been secured through a care-
fully arranged "mutiny," was whisked away to the hidden
shipyards. The San Andreas was fitted with the first skyrig.

The concealed shipyards off the Azores are still an
important port for repairing and resupplying the Skyriggers
that cannot make it back to Portus Crucis. Despite the
difficulties that followed the death of Prince Henry, and
despite the repeated attempts by Spain and Portugal to
"route out the buccaneers" operating in the vicinity, the

shipyard still thrives.

The Azorian shipwrights are well aware of their tenu-
ous position and yet continue to lead the way in pioneering
new Skyrigger designs. While the dry-dock at Portus Crucis
is fully capable of building ships from scratch, the shipyards
off the Azores rely solely on refitting captured vessels. They
are particularly proud of their ghostship skyrig, which is a
key tool in keeping the curious at bay.

Miguel del Ferrara

Background: Miquel del Ferrara, Captain of the Belle
Donna and a feared and respected warrior on the high seas,
lay awake in his cabin. He listened apprehensively as if
trying to recapture the sound of the distant tapping. He
caught himself holding his breath and cursed aloud. An-
grily, Miquel thrust himself out of bed and stomped up to
the main deck.

It had been three nights now since they had lost the
shipsman overboard. The Spanish privateers had caught
them unawares and the running gun battle that resulted had
taken a heavy toll on both ship and crew. And even now,
after three nights, Miquel's ears still strained after the sound
of that damn tapping. As many times as he had wished Old
Tom hanged or drowned, he would have kissed the ship-
wright full on his toothless, rotting mouth were he to climb
back out of the sea this very night.

The ship was badly battered and taking on water.
There was no stopping it. It was all they could do to slow
it. Even at this hour, Miquel he could pick out the flash
of buckets in the moonlight as they were passed from
hand to hand.

Miquel slapped the nearest man on the back and
called something encouraging down the line. His mind,
however, wandered and his hand kept straying to his belt
where the handles of sword and pistol customarily pro-
truded. He missed the familiar weight of them. He
thought of Old Tom.

"Sometimes I can still feel a twinge in it," his shipmate
would say. He would wave the stump of his right arm, where
years before a cannonball had torn the limb clean off. He
would lean forward confidingly. "Sometimes, it feels like
somebody's shaking my hand. I swear it, I can feel his grip.
Idon't know who, I don't even know where, but somebody's
shaking my hand."

Old Tom wore a wooden cup over the stump. "So as to
always have one handy for drinking or dicing." He had a
disconcerting way of nervously drumming his fingers on the
bottom of it. Miquel suspected that Old Tom enjoyed
making his shipmates uncomfortable.

At this point, however, even Old Tom's damn rappity
tapping would be a welcome distraction.

CHAPTER II: | Bas
THE ORDER OF
2 : REASON »):

Politics
Shadowy Owners

Each expedition, then, is a potential battleground for
interguild struggles. Portside conflict between the Society
of Pilots and the Sailor's Brotherhood, for instance, is sure
to spill over into suspicions and plotting on the high seas.
Conflicts between the Sailors and the Admiralty is fuel for
mutiny. Strife between the Shipwrights and Procurers might
well end in sabotage, etc.

At the same time, it is important to note that each
ship's crew tends to form avery tightly knit unit within
itself. Entire crews have been knownto follow acharismatic

captain from one ship to another. Men that have fought
storm and pirates together are not likely to forget their
companions even when many years and subsequent expedi-
tions intervene.

Thus, it is known fora particular pilot and procurer, for
example, to challenge the decisions of their respective
guilds in order to further their joint interests.

Also, this same sense of shipboard camaraderie can
lead to fierce inter-ship rivalries. Portside taverns bolt their
shutters when the crews of the Victoria and the Catalina
are in the harbor at the same time. Even within ships of the
same expedition, the prudent captain-general insures that
there is little mingling between the various crews.



CHAPTER III: —— SS
) :

Lord Cabot's Grange:
A Cest of Crust

"... when the evils that arise have been foreseen (which it is
only given to a wise man to see) , they can be quickly redressed, but
when, through not having been foreseen, they have been permitted
to grow in a way that every one can see them, there is no longer a
remedy."

— Niccolo Machiavelli, The Prince

Three riders came from the south. One, clad in humble
robes that had him mistaken for a priest at times, ona patient gray
mare, another garbed as a wealthy noblewoman, on a fine riding
horse, and the last on an indifferently handsome but long-winded
chestnut gelding. The latter wore a jack of stout leather and a
sword was at his side. Wherever they rode, he kept the gelding
ahead of the rest, and his eyes were always watchful

They came to a neat moat that bordered a great house's
garden and held their horses steady while two servants opened the
heavy gates that barred the single wooden bridge. In those few
moments, the woman indicated the place with a gesture. "What
make you of this place, as a soldier?" she asked.

Her bodyguard took one more glance. "Pleasant enough,"
he said, "pretty, but no castle. The moat is fit to delay bandits,
but soldiers would bridge it in an hour. The walls are thin, the
towers small, and the windows many. A true fortress would be
atop that hill, not down here in the valley."

The first rider spoke now, as he did but rarely. "Alll true,"
he said, "but some buildings have stronger foundations in men's
hearts and in the future than on the earth. Which is what even
the Order of Hermes must hope here, my lady. One who we
Crowned Ones think most promising tends this crucible — and
he promises a strange and gleaming alloy , of dreams and old gods
and righteous wrath, if his Great Work succeeds..."

Amidst the Dales

Lord Cabot's Grange is a small and important Cov-
enant that marks a cooperative effort between English
Solificati, Verbena and Aided Euthanatoi. Such coopera-
tion is still a new and rare thing, and many Awakened eyes ||

have tumed toward this fortified manor house, waiting to \ 6)

observe how the experiment might develop.

Thus, the Grange is clearly a Covenant in Spring, but
it is the turbulent, rain-lashed spring of northern En-
gland. Even disregarding the likelihood of friction between
the various mages of the Covenant, it must deal with the
fact that it has become a sometime military headquarters.
It shelters not only eccentric alchemists and witches and
pagans whose nature has become too widely suspected,


= CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

OS

ter of members of the Order of Reason.

Some feel that the physical nature of the Grange itself
is wrong for its new role, as it is a grand home rather than
arugged fortress. It nestles ina valley, amidst a scattering of
ancient standing stones and minor circles whose power is
discernible by especially sensitive Verbena and the analyses
of the subtlest Solificati. Its owner draws on the material
wealth of a well-established wool-farming area, and he was
born into a branch of an ancient, noble family. But despite
its advantages, the Grange is a turbulent place. Who needs

the Order of Reason when your own fellows might be out for
your blood?

History

When the Traditions of Britain met in open council,
there were those who spoke of building — new hearths and
new philosophies. With the Compact of Callias newly
brought down from Horizon and proclaimed, there was

Hunt and the Siege of Stonehenge still recent memories,
there was much proclamation of the need for eternal war
against the Daedaleans, and more considered speech about
the need for strongholds in war.

Amongstall this, an uncertain voice sounded strangely
wise. Lord Michael Cabot was considered competentenough
by his fellow Solificati, but now his ideas left them bemused.
He spoke of the unpredicted strength of alloyed metals. He
admitted that he had been in conversation with pagan
witch-women on his own estates. He offered a roof for those
who might need shelter. A few at least among his listeners
chose to accept his offers.

Thus, several rode back with him to his family seat,
which was becoming a place of power — a recently
rebuilt manor house, not really fortified but defensible
against small assaults. They proclaimed the place a sanc-
tuary to the Traditions and to the fae, and they adapted
it to its new purpose. Soon, strange riders were passing
through Lytton Dale in the night, and strange confer-
ences were taking place by sun and moonlight and by the
flares of alchemical forges. The pagan witches of the
Dale became advisers to these mystick workings, and
wild-eyed followers of old, dark gods took charge of the
stables and of strategy.

But Lord Cabot's Grange remains uncertain of its
highest purpose. Is it to be a War Chantry, with all that
implies of the likelihood of annihilation within a few years?
Acollege of melded powers, pursuing strange lore with little
regard for the pressing concerns of the moment. Thus far,
the debate on this issue has been courteous — but tempers
are being tested, especially as Lord Cabot himself repeat-
edly counsels caution and restraint to unswerving destroyers.

And whenever visitors come to the house, especially mem-
bers of the Traditions in good standing, each faction seeks
their support.

Surroundings

Lord Cabot's Grange is located in the area where the
rolling hills of rural Derbyshire descend to the coastal plain
of Cheshire — a region that retains a wild and romantic
aspect even in the 20th century, when roads and railways
push through the hills, and great ports and industrial towns
sit a few miles away in any direction. In the 1400s, this
immediate area was given over almost entirely to sheep-
farming, and inhabitation is sparse enough that the
inhabitants of the Grange may go about their business
largely undisturbed.

The Grange sits in the shelter of a steep hill in the valley
of Lytton Dale. It lies well off any noteworthy roads, but
something about the area — good soil in the valley, a south-
facing slope to the hillside above
pleasantly sheltered and even idyllic. There are many part-

makes this spot feel

fallen ancient stone circles along this valley wall, which are
actually Crays. There are no persistent or regular Shallowings
in these parts, but there are occasional strange moments. The
Solificati of the Grange are seeking to plot any patterns. The
Crays do bring forth Tass, but in elusive forms. The advice of
local witch-women is helpful in sorting through berries,
mushrooms, moss, and spring water for quantities of more
than matter.

There are no villages very close to the Grange, al-
though there are many shepherds' cottages round about,
with some grouped together in twos and threes. This dis-
tance reflects an old tendency in the family to withdrawal
into rural seclusion, and it adds to their reputation for
eccentricity among other lords. Most nobles prefer to dwell
by a decent-sized village with a market to fill their larders
and extra hands. Servants from the Grange must make
tiresome journeys every few days to keep the larder filled.

Che Grange and Grounds

The Grange is a modern building and makes few
pretensions to the status of a castle as the mortal world
knows such things. Its walls are steep and solid enough,
embellished with turrets at each of its four corners, and
topped with crenellation, but they are also pierced with
numerous windows. (The mundane arts of the Solificati
sometimes include glass-making.) The house may be an
imposing tower, but it is built of brick and is lightly deco-
rated externally with a little fancy brick-work. Even the
turrets and crenellations have the look more of embellish-

ments than of serious defensive measures. (Of course, its
crue defenses have moretodowiththeoccupantethanwith
the structure.)


CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
OF NINE

The space around it is naturally level and has been

smoothed and cleared over the centuries that the Cabots
have ruled. Now, there is a square moat and neat gardens,

which include a lush herb plot, low hedges shaped to form

an enigmatic maze (created to Lord Cabot's own design),
and a pleasant walk between rose bushes. There are addi-
) tional buildings tucked away behind the main tower, both
within and outside the moat

Normal visitors approach along a well-maintained
track at most points, which leads to the one bridge across
e and watched day and

the moat. It is barred with a hea
night. The bridge itself is wood, made to be dismantled and

lifted away in large sections in a few minutes, should a siege
be anticipated. Then comes a straight, gravel-strewn path
that leads to the front door.

The Main Hall and Kitchen

Most of the ground floor of the Grange consists of a
single room — a great hall. It is furnished with simple
wooden chairs, stools and tables, and it can swiftly be
adapted for use as a dining room or audience chamber. The
other main room on this level is a cramped kitchen, which
has access to the cool cellar, which is used for food and drink

storage. The house has a sophisticated system of chimneys

and flues, so cooking smoke is efficiently channeled away.

Living Quarters

These are a jumble of many private rooms, laboratories,

and servants' quarters; the latter are smaller and separated 4
from the gentry's living areas, albeit with enough linking
doorways to make the servants' jobs easier. Oak paneling is

plentiful, especially where the gentry can see. Lord Cabot

and most of his guests sleep in grand four-poster beds. The
lord's personal quarters, which are sighted immediately
above the great hall, are the usual Solificati chaos of
valuable ornaments, rare and exotic materials, bizarre al-

chemical tools, and notebooks. The Three of Lytton Dale
share a set of rooms, which are decorated simply. They do

not suggest the actual power and status of the occupants.

There is also a small room adjacent to Lord Cabor's |
quarters, which serves as a communal library.

The Higher Levels

The highest floors of the Grange are used for storage

and as accommodation for junior servants. Ceilings here are
lower and fireplaces smaller and fewer. However, the entire
house is well-made and relatively draft-free by the standards
of the age.

There are walkways behind the crenellations that line

the roof and stairways that lead up to these "battlements,"


but the Grange is poorly set for defense. It would take too
long to deploy troops up here, and keeping them supplied
with ammunition would be difficult. However, the decora-
tive turrets at each corner of the building serve as functioning
watch towers, and they may be manned if Cabot has cause
to expect trouble.

Cabals

The established, Awakened household of the Grange
is divided into three cabals. Lord Cabot himself is the
master of the place in the eyes of the mundane world, and
perforce acts the part in practice much of the time. But,
when great matters of policy are to be determined, an
informal council, made up of the leading members of the
three groups, along with the faerie "ambassador" Celidas,
usually convene. Cabot is the acknowledged leader of
the place in the eyes of the Traditions, although it is no
secret that the Chantry is divided into factions with

§S ideas of their own.

Lord Cabot's Circle
(The Scholars of the Wordless Book)

Members: Lord Michael Cabot (Solificati), Nicholas
of Norwich (Solificati), Blue John (Verbena), Donal of
Mourne (Euthanatos)

Background: When Lord Cabot volunteered his
home as the foundation-stone of a new and extraordi-
nary work, helpers and allies formed about him. Nicholas
of Norwich is a fellow alchemist and friend of the new
leader whose wisdom he values above rubies. Blue John
is a minor but admired figure among the pagan covens,
and he was inspired by Cabot's impassioned speeches.
And the dour, aging Donal of Mourne perceives that
destruction will fall on his own folk if the ventures that
this English lord proposes are not successful.

Lord Cabot's Circle remains the most influential
cabal within the Grange, and its members spend much of
their time either dealing with the mundane require-
ments of the house or representing it before the rest of
the Traditions. Time has made friends of the four, and
they spend time discussing magickal theory and their
views of the world. For this reason, Nicholas refers to
them as "The Scholars of the Wordless Book." He would
love to see them grow into something of an academic
college. However, this alliance remains a loose one of
convenience. It would not be at all hard for circum-
stances to divide it.

Lord Michael Cabot

Background: Michael Cabot was born the second
son of a minor aristocratic house, and grew up with
scholarly inclinations. These took him to the University

CASTLES = FLOR
AND z
COVENANTS ~ ———\
os

at Oxford, where he took such lesser, temporary holy
vows as were needful to secure his place there. In truth,
he was neither especially godly nor inclined to blas-
phemy. His concern was with natural philosophy,
although that led Michael to the somewhat dangerous
ground of alchemy. Contemplation of increasing ab-
struse texts in turn led him to slow-growing awareness of
the uncanny. In time, he commenced study under one
who was a Solificati. His Awakening looked set to be but
a matter of time.

However, Michael would have remained an obscure
and peaceable scholar were it not for the fire. By strange
coincidence, this fire occurred on the very evening when
he returned from Oxford to visit his father and brother
out of filial respect. As his horse turned its head into
Lytton Dale in the gathering dusk, he saw the flames
before him.

Michael's father was already dead by the time he
reached the house, for he was killed when the main
staircase collapsed. His brother lay dying, having been
trapped by flames in a brave attempt to save his parent.
Michael mourned and struggled to help organize the
firefighters and save what was possible of the house — and
somewhere in the course of the evening, he Awoke.
Perhaps that is why his Daemon speaks from the midst of
a flame.

Fire purifies and reshapes matter — and life.

Image: Lord Cabot's appearance reflects his true
age, which is somewhere in his 40s. He is thick-set and
not tall and looks very much a scholar. He often looks
worried and rarely smiles. He dresses in the good-quality
clothes of an aristocrat.


CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
OF NINE

)=

Roleplaying Hints: You are a sincere Christian
believer, although your faith is heavily colored by al-
chemical ideas and would be considered eccentric, to the
point of heresy, by a conventional cleric. You do not
enjoy the sight of pagans and faeries riding forth from
your land to destroy devout Christians, but it may be

neces

sary. The Hunt is surely a flame that is sent to burn
certain impurities out of the subtle compound that is the
Church (and there is much in the Church that needs
repair). This idea sustains you.

You perceive paganism as a moral necessity. If the
Church had no rivals, its great work of bearing witness
would be lost; thus, paganism is a necessary shadow to
Christian faith, without being the foul poison that the
Nephandi represent. Still, this idea places pagans in a
difficult light. And what is more, you find yourself per-
sonally attracted to Jane Woode, a young witch to whom
cognized her Awak-
ened soul and magickal power, you must treat her as an

you have given shelter. Having re

equal. It is not that you would otherwise behave like a
brutish aristocrat. You are too proud a scholar to suc-
cumb to raw lust. But the differences between yourself
and Jane — in .rankyin faith, and surely. in destiny. —
make the situation difficult indeed.

Quote: That which is transformed transforms the world.
Each of us here will thus undergo transformation — knowing
or unknowing. Lam concerned that mine own transformation
is not fully known to me, for I fear that I am blind

The Chree of Lytton Dale

Members: Mother Barnes (Verbena), Jane Woode
(Verbena), Hilda Charnway (Verbena).

Background: A pagan coven, native to Lytton Dale,
who the newly Awakened Lord Cabot identified and sub-
sequently invited into his new Chantry, the Three are not
especially powerful — but they are knowledgeable about
the land and its magickal and mundane aspects. They have
determined to carry themselves with pride, despite their
lack of social rank in the mundane world, and despite the
fact that some members of the Chantry regard them as only
having gained membership by luck rather than by strength
or status. To the outside world, they must p:

as servants
and washer-women in the castle household, but this fact
does not worry them; the wise do not concern themselves
with surface appearance.

Mother Barnes is the acknowledged leader of the
coven. Jane Woode is competent enough in the arts of
Life, but she is still young, and Hilda Charnway is little
more than an apprentice, although she shows promise in
several spheres.

Mother Barnes

Background: Born and raised in the shadow of
Lytton Dale, Dillie Barnes took up midwifery, then the
art of the wise-woman, and then the old beliefs. With a
husband 10 years in his grave and three children safely
married off and villages away, the ache in Dillie's bones
told her that she had been too slow to teach others what
she had learned — but luck brought her clever Jane
Woode, and then the promising Hilda Charnway.

All the while, she had heard something of what was
befalling in the lands beyond the Dale. Dreams and the
words of the occasional wanderer mentioned great coun-
cils and fierce hunts — but good fortune and a little art
kept Lytton Dale peaceful. Mother Barnes made sure
that her apprentices were always respectful to any fae
who passed, too. And once or twice such asked for help
— but no more than food and a little healing.

Then, as the Three of Lytton Dale went about their
work, they sensed a spy near them. Young men from the G
vill tried such:tricks on occasion and were sent on \
their way with mockery or, if necessary, a little fear. Yet,

it was no shepherd-lad, but the new, strange lord of the
Dale. This matter might have seemed dangerous, but
Mother Barnes looked into the man's eyes and saw a hot
fire there.

Perhaps there was danger, but not what Mother
Barnes had first thought.

He spoke to them and swore that he would make no
prosecution. He even asked questions about their work
that were not entirely foolish. Later, he helped their
healing, proffering strange and expensive salves rendered 4
out of herbs and spices never seen in the Dale. He used

AS

= CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

rituals from musty books. The lord brought others to the
Dale — many of them believers in the old ways, albeit with
strange and blazing passions in their hearts. And speaking
of strange passions, Mother Barnes was no fool. She saw
how the lord looked on Jane Woode. (But he is true to his
protestations of fairness, and does the girl no wrong.) He
even opens his door to the Fair Folk, while showing the
sense to ask Mother Barnes how to ensure that such
dealings are conducted safely.

And the Dale has been visited by others who are
truly mighty in the Craft. Mother Barnes has spoken
with Nightshade, who is as deft a priestess as mother has
ever met. She likes the woman, although like too many
these days, Nightshade seems too taken with vengeance.
And what good did vengeance ever do?

Image: Mother Barnes has never learned to control
her own aging. She may lack the power, or perhaps it just
never occurred to her. She is an elderly woman, wrinkled

Ed and wizened, but still passably spry. She wears plain

f peasant dresses. She goes sky
and workings but regards it as pretentious (and cold) at
other times — and she has no time for pretension.

lad for major ceremonies

Roleplaying Hints: Let it never be said that the
Three of Lytton Dale did not know how to conduct
themselves in fine company. You may be old, with aches
in your bones, but you have not outgrown your manners
— and you know how to be polite without treating
anyone as anything but an equal. You do not talk a great
deal because you wish to make your words valuable and
valued. Above all, you are a pragmatist.

Strange days in Lytton Dale, though. Strange days indeed.

Quote: You may call it the Sphere of Life. I call it a
comfrey poultice. And I call this boy a damned fool for not
coming to us sooner.

Che Blazing Spear-Shaft

Members: John Carpenter (Euthanatos), Maire Jones
(Euthanatos), "Lord" Celidas (Sidhe of House Fiona).

Background: It was always agreed that Lord Cabot's
Grange should serve to sustain the embattled Ancient
Powers of England — or be a mystick fortress from which
the struggle for survival could be prosecuted. Thus, the
Hunt claims the right of riding forth from this place. The
hunters needed immediate aid and strategic thinking, and
they left some of their number around the hearth. A cabal
formed that represented their interests.

The Blazing Spear-Shaft consists of whichever ven-
geance-minded pagans or fae happen to be in residence at
the moment. However, the permanent members of the
cabal are two Aided Euthanatoi who have accepted the
arcane role of strategists, advisors and prophets of Destruc-

tion. As the Chantry came to make common cause with the |
faerie folk, Celidas, a sidhe rep
house. Because of what he repi
treated as a member of the Spear-$

sentative, came to the
nts, he has come to be
aft.

This cabal is wild and deadly. It exists for vengeance
and slaughter. Even the other pagans in the house find it
frightening. However, its determination and acknowledged
importance, and the patronage of the honored Mistridge
Verbena councilor Nightshade, make the Blazing Spear-
Shaft hard to defy.

John Carpenter

Background: John Carpenter was born intoahumble

family of craftsmen in the city of Winchester, in the co:
houses that huddle round a great cathedral in the shadow
of a great royal castle. However, in the hidden cellar of
aneighbor's house, the child John found an older, stranger
thing — power and faith. The secret priest who tended
the ancient shrine took to the lad and taught him about
the great wheel of life and death.

John believed devoutly in what he heard; itappealed
to his sense of rightness. Over the years, he rose in the
councils of the faith, ever declaring that he served the
Wheel. He rode with the Huntand he spoke of its justice.
At length, he came to Lord Cabot's Grange to speak for
the needs of destruction and to plot strategy. The Hunt
is less active now, but the wheel continues to turn..

If you asked Carpenter where his faith lies, he would

answer, justice. But for him, justice is hard to distinguish
from retribution, and retribution is little different than
bloody r that life is a wheel that turns
and crushes those who have destroyed. And for a pagan,

nge. He belie


some great sin. He sees the Decade of the Hunt as
retribution for Wyndgarde's March, and not something
that needs justification beyond that. At heart, John
probably suspects that General Wyndgarde was an agent
of retribution for some past wrong.

Image: Carpenter is a great, shaggy, unshaven bull
of aman who looks more like a blacksmith than a priest.
In battle, he wields heavy hammers or axes — or Forces
s he has to,

He does not hide his feelings unles

magick.
although growing up as a pagan in a Christian town made
him an adequate liar if he needs the skill. He dresses
plainly, although his clothes are usually new and well-
made.

Roleplaying Hints: You are not a politician by
nature, but you hold that it is your duty to argue for
justice, and your stubborn convictions enable you to
wear down subtler opponents in debate. You do what you
feel you should, claiming the full rights and privileges of
the Chantry without concerning yourself whether it has
s. Thus, the Chantry often finds
sts of the Hunt, whatever its

been agreed on by oth

itself pursuing the inte:
other members thought was policy.

You have never yet considered violence against
antry, but if you ever thought that they
were opposing justice, you would not discard the idea.

Quote: Aye, death is fair, by and large. What gives you
the right to set your wants against the balance of night and
day?

"Lord" Celidas

Background: Celidas (woe to anyone calling him
"Lord" in his presence) is an aged sidhe indeed, remem-

others of the

bering even the darkness and fall (as he sees it) of the
Celts throughout the early Middle Ages.

Celidas was one of the Tuatha de Danann in name
and position, a feared and revered faerie warrior known
and sung about throughout the isles, particularly in his
beloved Snowdonia, where he approached the status of
the native tribe's god. Asa noble and honorable warrior,
he became identified with the protection of the land,
and both he and his mortal followers sallied forth on
many occasions to protect their domain from invaders.
Thus, when the Christianized tribe of the Briganti began
to encroach on the lands of the Celide, they fought and
ensured their downfall and Celidas' future.

Their resistance meant that they were wiped out by
the forces of the Briganti in a battle so minor that it was
not even recorded. Their protector was doomed to a
much worse fate: hearing the name chanted by the
warriors as they rushed to battle, the soldiers of the
Briganti brought back news of a god in the hills who

EO = CHAPTER III: fz
THE COUNCIL
— OF NINE
ae . i

encouraged his followers to fight to the death against
invaders. The monks of Saint Columbia, employed at
that time in the task of converting that entire stubborn
land to their new religion, responded in the same way
that they did to tales of the pagan gods: They suppressed
and destroyed them.

In 50 years, the name of Celidas was not spoken or
sung in any of the ancient sagas or tales. Not even in the
Mabinogion does it survive. In that time, the name of
Celidas was destroyed.

He survived as many of the sidhe did by hiding in the
hills, collecting Glamour where he could. Most of his
kind departed for Arcadia, but for reasons neither they
nor he understood, he stayed, observing the growth and
change of the peoples and way of life he had loved. Many
might have imagined that Celidas would hate those who
did that to him and would seek revenge. Yet, he did not.
Perhaps because as he watched over the centuries he saw
the conquerors he hated and the people he loved become
one in the same. Or perhaps because he understood the
difference between the past and the present.

Now, though, he sees another force coming, another
dhavisecks cordestroy:talesiand honor: Heswon'eifight
against those who destroyed him before, but those who
geekctordaiGay othiersnaw? Aye; chose he fights:

Image: A sidhe lord in all his power. Celidas does
not bother to hide either his nature or his Glamour, and
his appearance alone has been enough to startle whole
rooms of arguing mages into silence. He sometimes
seems to blaze with light, his clothes are of finest silk, and
hecarriesa long Celtic sword acalll times Hé moves with

the deadly lightness of one of the finest sidhe warriors.


eS CASTLES
o—

In personality, he is unpredictable and often touchy:
His code of honor and his sense of insult are strange even
by fae standards, and he ignores statements or insults,
particularly those that gibe his name and rank — that
would have the speaker butchered by any other noble,
human or fae, while erupting into a terrifying rage at
apparently innocuous things.

Celidas is quick to rage, and equally quick to calm
and forgive. However, by that time it is often too late,
and the mages in the Grange have learned to step
extremely carefully around this powerful but unpredict-
able ally.

Roleplaying Hints: You are mercurial and unpredict-
able in most things, to the point where many humans and
some fae find you unsettling and frightening. However, you
are a compassionate, forgiving and reasonable individual
who has given up the thought of revenge against a foe whom
most would hate for the rest of their lives. In general, you
<J look to the future, but with a substantially different and
ruthless viewpoint to most mages.

When interacting with you, characters should never
feel they are entirely safe. You may by turns be gentle and
forgiving, ignoring a massive insult or risking your life to
help a peasant child on the road, only to verbally or even
physically assault someone seconds later for a slight that
others didn't even notice.

Quote: "Yes, we should all be prepared to sacrifice our
lives — as I am — even for a mundane child." (Seconds
later.) "We must kill them all."

Consors and Servants

The Grange can muster a full working household,
although the numbers are slightly lower than might be
expected for a manor of this size — about 15 servants in
total — as the resident mages are accustomed to self-
reliance. Of course, Lord Cabot has had to ensure that
the servants he retains or employs are willing to tolerate
association with his strange household. Fortunately, he
has an excellent steward, John Welland, an old family
retainer, who advises him well. The Three of Lytton
Dale are well-acquainted with most families in the area
and know exactly who shows tolerance for pagan ways.
An additional number of shepherds are employed by the
estate, but they live in cottages up and down the valley.
They can be called on for any short-term project requir-
ing additional labor, and they are mostly loyal enough to
warn Cabot of any strangers they see lurking.

Most servants are men, but some are married or
otherwise part of families. Their spouses do not live in
the Grange, and some divide their time between the
great house and cottages in the Lytton Dale village.
There are no full-time men-at-arms, although some of
the grooms are competent longbowmen and own some

scraps of armor. If the place came under frontal assault,
they and the mages would have to hold off the attack
until allies from the Traditions and fae are summoned.

The only servants in the place to have serious au-
thority in the household and estate are Welland and a
butler. The latter, along with the cooks and brewer, are
used to strange interference in their work by the lord and
his friends.

Politics

Although the divisions within Lord Cabot's Grange
are more potential than active, the great danger is that
they cut right through the resident cabals. They manifest
in arguments over policy, but these arguments grow more
heated every week.

On the one hand are those who see the place as the
headquarters of the Hunt and the work of the Hunt as far
from finished. This faction includes the Blazing Spear-
Shaft, who count on support from Donal of Mourne.
However, the older Euthanatos feel weary of slaughter
and foresee a need for peace as well as a threat of
destruction. The Verbena feel sympathy for this opinion,
although individuals from this Tradition within the

Chantry are not hunters by nature. As for Celidas — he
is fae, and his ideas of the world are others' frenzied
dreams. He represents the Hunt, but none feels safe
anticipating his sympathies.

The obvious opponents of this view are those who
would make the Grange into a place of scholarship, such
as Nicholas of Norwich. Cabot wishes to use the Chantry
as a means of examining all aspects of magick, and of
merging those elements that seem compatible. Such
elements include devotion to the Wheel, but the first
thing to do is to study.

The Three of Lytton Dale find themselves in agree-
ment with this idea. They are uncomplicated rural
wise-women at heart, and although they are pagans who
recognize the Verbena as their sisters, they are used to
the idea of merging whatever ideas accomplish their
ends. Their rituals include recognizable Christian frag-
ments, and they are willing to learn of new medicines
from the Solificati. They find the pure, ancient beliefs of
the Aided Euthanatoi, with their invocation of dark old
Celtic powers, unnerving. Even Blue John finds these
three witches a little lax. In any case, they have known
the lord as a friend (of sorts) longer than they have
known these others. The pagans of the Grange are by no
means united.

And lastly, to add to the confusion, the Grange is
open to visitors, who are likely to find themselves drawn
into its debates (and its potential internal battles). The
most likely eventuality is for the Blazing Spear-Shaft to
press for some great military project with the ominous


CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
= OF NINE

support of a passing war party, but visiting Solificati or
Heretic scholars are as likely to find Nicholas of Norwich
publicly asking them to support his ideas, or to agree with
him that war parties striking directly from this area are
likely to draw Daedalean attention to this small and
lightly defended house.

Suture Fates

From A Walking Guide to Northwest England, 1996:

"..Further up the valley are handful of shattered
brick walls; to reach these, the path passes over a partly-
filled ditch. This is all that remains of the moated house
from which the Cabot family once ruled this. area-as
feudal lords.

"Lytton Dale Grange was clearly an impressive build?
ing; some accounts from the Tudor period suggest that it
was even comparable to Hardwick Hall, or Lord
Cromwell's tower at Tattershall, although it may»not
quite have matched the scale of either. Evidently, the
Dale's sheep were a profitable business»However, the
prosperity that built the Grange seems, ironically enough,
to have destroyed it a little later; when it fell into disuse
in Elizabethan times, bricks from its walls were appar-
ently used to build shepherds' cottages on what used to
be its estate. The last of the Cabot family moved out of
the remnant of the house that they were still oceupying
after a fire in Civil War times; they had takenthe
Royalist side, which must have wrecked any chance of
their regaining prosperity.

"There are also faint traces of a couple of stone
circles, further along the way, but it took aerial surveys
to confirm this. One or two of those shepherds' cottages
have substantial slabs of stone in their structure, which

s lead historians to suspect that these Stone Age ruins,
too, were assailed for building materials,"

Doissetep:
Jewel of the Ancients,
Fortress of theActhyrs

A Yaya] gor!es amongst the battlements atop the
4 ea: soot-black tower. Around him, the ele-
Yo] ments seethed with grandeur and fury,
unnoticed by the wizard. A thousand con-
versational bids were considered and
discarded, as the one he had sent for approached. As the

younger magus ascended the final steps to the lofty perch,
Alamantrah alighted on his gambit.

"Porthos, a matter of some concern ails me. Your name
drew mention as one possessing both the honor and discretion
requisite to the task." Alamantrah saw the suspicion rise in
the haunted eyes of the Adeptus. The elder magus smiled
gravely and continued, his beguiling golden eyes reflecting
only worry. "You are aware that many Magisters keep
liveried servants, eschewing those of the Covenant proper. It
is a matter of law that even the leaders of Doissetep may not
intercede between a master and those forsworn to him. Even
thé offspring of those in livery are bound to such a relationship
until-they reach majority."

Porthos' eyes lit with bitter fire at the mention of chil-
dren; but he remained silent. Alamantrah immediately knew
that the scheme would be successful. Fitz Empress had lost his
family scant decades before. It left a weakness by which
others might exploit the promising Hermetic.

"Brother, it is with heavy heart that I must reveal that F
theve exists within the Covenanta certain Magister Templi of
House Guernicus whose foul proclivities have come to light
Tean take no official action to safeguard the offspring of those
inshis employ. Should the little one be mysteriously liberated
Twould owe you debt of gratitude."

As Porthos warmed, the older wizard elaborated the
details and:silently planned his next move. He had been
assured that the whelps had been enchanted to believe their
Quaesitor lord had subjected them to cruel lusts. If Alamantrah
‘were fortunate, the judge would never know what caused the
disappearance of his youthful subjects. Of more import was
that Porthos, who was himself not far from mastery, would be
decustomed to service. He would seek, for reasons of honor
and habit,{to expedite the "good faith" of Alamantrah and his
co-rulers .

Heart of the Order

Before humans began-recording history, Doissetep
was'a prize coveted by the greatest of sorcerers. Now it
starids, raised to the Aethyrs and unconquerable, as the
seat of the Order of Hermes' might. Power surges like
life's blood through the corridors. The ancient Cov-
enant is enjoying the first flowerings of a second Spring,
nurtured by the blood of those who have given their lives
in the stronghold's defense.

While many magi of Doissetep, particularly the
sorcerers of House Flambeau, seek to do battle with the
Order of Reason, war is by no means the primary goal of
the Covenant. Most believe that the Hermetics as a
whole must consolidate their power before seeking out
enemies. Recruitment is a major aspect of this effort.
Tytalan enchanters comb both university and village in

Waal

See CASTLES
RRA extiers
{¢

search of promising apprentices. Great pains are taken to
ensure that Doissetep remains in contact with all Her-
metic holdings on Earth. Neither do the magi overlook
the advantages of temporal power. Not only do the
ritualists seek an iron grasp on universities and the
growing merchant class, but monarchs and nobles make
tempting targets of domination. Not all of the wizards'
endeavors are tactical in nature. Members of Houses
Boniassus and Verditius lead the way in expanding the
J boundaries of magick itself. Unhampered by the forces of
disbelief, these practitioners of the GreateArt experi«
ment. Such mighty feats would surely draw the Scourge
of God were they not performed in the Realm of Thunder
and Twilight. Though greatly removed from Earth, the
mysticks of Doissetep do show concern for the lotof the
common man and woman. Many sojourn to the villages
of their birth to improve crops and cure plague.
Doissetep was moved from the Pyrenees tothe Vadum
of Forces scant years ago, and the new Otherworldly Realm.

inimical to all life. The great mountain on) which' the
ominous castle sits is shielded from the elemental,chaos
that reigns over the Aethyrtic world: The fortress. itself is
squat and foreboding, but new construction promises to add
a fantastical element to the ancient structure.

Few Hermetics can restrain themselves from oc¢a-
sional bouts of intrigue. The masterful statecraft of the
Chamber of Deacons, which holds absolute authority.
over the Covenant, ensures the stability of the great
aerie. No move escapes the magister lords' scrutiny, and
they excel at turning the plots of lessors to their advan-
tage. Many matters are at flux within the labyrinthine
corridors of Doissetep; however, the velvet glove ‘and.
iron fist of the leadership ensures the Covenant's.con-
tinuing legacy.

Recent Events

In the past two years (1448-1450), the forces of fate:
have spun a tapestry of changes for the Antediluvian
Covenant. Not since the Order of Hermes took Doissetep:
in the ninth century has the mystic stronghold with-
stood such upheaval.

Just two years prior, many feared that the ancient
edifice would fall. The Grand Chancery, elected by
convocation of Doissetep magisters, was crippled by
internal descent. That strife allowed several of the more
influential cabals to intrigue for more power. Embattled,
the ruling tribunal was forced to give concessions to the
ambitious factions. The Grand Chancery was composed
of only a single magus from each of the three most
powerful houses of the time: Boniassus, Quaesitor, and
Regnatus. The Fraternal Order of Guernicus, a cabal of

Quaesitor high arbiters, placed one of their number on
the ruling council a mere fortnight before the Daedalean
attack in 1448. The placement of a second Quaesitor
galvanized the rank and file of the Covenant against its
leadership. Although no sect had the will or support for
open rebellion, the masters of Doissetep had no hope of
stemming the tide of intrigue against them.

Rumors abound that a Doissetep cabal conspired to aid
the Order of Reason's fateful assault. Scant evidence has
come to light. Many attach religious significance to the
calamitous results of the Covenant's first and only attempt
to Sally forth duting the siege. As the Hermetic host was
getting ready between the outer and inner walls of the
Pyrénees castle; the Grand Chancery reviewed the troops.
Daedalean‘archers, armed with English longbows, charged
well within the demonstrated range of Flambeau's sorcerers
militant. ThesPrometheans suffered far more casualties
than the wizards in the assault; however, Doissetep's ruling
council numbered among the few dead.

Only daysbefdte thel/attack, a secret Quaesitor
tribunal was‘cOnvened ‘to héar evidence of infernalism
implicating Chancellor/Thaler, Primus of House
Regnatus. While those ¢harges Were never proven, a host
of lesser*Chargés were successfully levied. Its Primus
disgraced, Ahe entire house,soon fell into obscurity.
House Regnatus hadfirst risen topower within the Order
‘as king-makers of the' Common World. After their fall,
however, the other hotses divided the fallen sect's do-
minion amorigst themselves. Those who had once been
powers. behind'the thronesoon found their Collegium
disbanded.in favor of ahouse that had previously been
under thé banner of ex Miscellania.

Ourof théashes of the fallen'Grand Chancery, anew
tuling councily*the Chamber of\Deacons arose with
vigdt.-Few inthe. Covenant dared contest the new
leader's Claim to power. The magus lords, all luminaries
within theirtespectivehouses; inspired a terrible name-
less dreadyin /tReif rivals. When Deacon Primus
‘Alamantrah ‘bani Flambeamaddressed his fellow sorcer-
ers with am@figeli@hosvactendant on him, only the most
Skeptical amongst the audience doubted his divine right
to the office. Moreover,"Doi8setep's new leadership of-
fered hope of survival. Rumors circulated that for months
prior to their ascension, the ruling cabal had acted as a
shadow court, organizing the grand design of transport-
ing the castle to the Otherworlds. The chamber did
propose that titanic feat as their plan to lift the Daedalean
siege. Immediately, the Hermetic forces divided into two
groups. One group was prepared to raise the fortress to
the Aethyrs, proceeding with mysterious efficiency and
great haste. The other wizards manned the battlements
and defended the walls against the terrible contraptions
of the Prometheans.


CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
OF NINE

G

By the Summer, a breach of the castle walls seemed
immanent. The Daedalean siege weapons exacted a grave
price from defenders. Many wizards, once dismissive of
the craft-mages, feared that these upstarts would prevail.
Finally, the main force of the Prometheans was brought
to bear in a final assault. Enduring terrible losses, they
scaled the outer wall and slew all they found there. As
the Gabrielite advance guard surged forth on the inner
defenses, the heavens split and Doissetep castle began to
rise from its earthly moorings. Many amongst the Cabal
of Pure Thought were in awe at the spectacle. Those of
the other Conventions, however, pressed the attack.
Volunteers for the Hermetic rear guard were passed over
in favor of political opponents of the chamber. These
hapless rivals were left on the battlements of the inner
wall with a motley of consors and mercenaries. As the
mercenaries attempted surrender, the Order of Reason
struck savagely, slaughtering all and razing the remains.

The Covenant met the challenges of the Vadum of
Forces with valor and the unconquerable will of the
Magus Rex. The greatest mountain of the Realm was
quieted from its violent rumblings by weary magisters-
Many of the younger sorcerers quested for and found
great sites of power. Other wizards traveled to the Um-
bral Courts, securing compacts of amity and elemental
defenders for the fortress.

The Chamber of Deacons did not hesitate to shore
up its successes. The Covenant charter was rewritten and
ratified. The new charter expanded the powers of the
ruling council, making them closer to princes than mag-
istrates. The price of these privileges was that the
membership of the elite was to be expanded to include a
single representative from each house. The ruling tribu-
nal, however, has been slow to enact this last edict: The
process of selection began at due pace, but the chamber
has rejected the nomination of any magister who opposes
s already in place.

polic
As of 1450, only one house has successfully raised a
member to the chamber. Several other houses grumble at
the delays but appear to be mere months from seating a
representative. House Quaesitor, which held such a
preponderance of power within the Grand Chancery, is
a noted exception. Guernicus has nominated half a
dozen magisters, all of whom are neutral toward the
ruling council. The Deacons have suggested several more
positively disposed candidates, with little result. Ten-
sions mount, but both sides are committed to preventing
their disagreement from weakening the Covenant as a
whole. Most Hermetics predict a resolution to the im-
passe only after the other houses have seated a magus
amongst Doissetep's leadership.

Che Land of
Chunder and Cwilight

Although Doissetep is protected from all but the
greatest perils of the Vadum of Forces, the Realm itself is
under the dominion of nature, not sorcerers. Lightning
constantly tears the sky and lashes the blackened infer-
tile soil. Mighty gales threaten to flay flesh from bone in
an unending series of hurricanes and tornadoes. Terrible
quakes tear mountains from their seats as new peaks arise
from the earthen crust. Many of these natural giants
spew deadly ash, covering their treacherous cliffs with a
desolate gray blanket.

Although no life has adapted to meet the harsh
demands of the Realm, a wide variety of spirits inhabit
the region, Some appear to be very simple entities em-
bodying elemental and other natural forces. The more
sophisticated spirits serve the Umbral Courts. Occasion-
ally, Doissetep's sorcerers seek an audience with these
greater Umbrood, but only the wisest of magi can fathom
the arcane maneuverings of Heaven's hosts.

The inhospitality of the Realm is a source of some
enmity between magisters and their underlings. Only the
most accomplished or well-prepared of wizards can ven-
ture into the Orherworldly hellscape and remain safe.
Servants, disciples and some adepts are trapped within
the castle for their own well-being. To move safely
outside requires the escort of a magister or the protection
of an Adeptus skilled at manipulating the natural forces.

Doissetep Castle

The ebony fortress squats atop its mountain like an
enthroned titan. New construction surrounds the ancient
edifice, however, cteatingan incongruous effect around the
bastion of the Order. Slender new spires have begun a
laborious ascent to the heavens. The new structures, while
dark of color and gargantuan in scale, have little of the
ominous nature that the older portions of the castle exude.
The new towers are reminiscent of fairy tales.

The heart of the structure is constructed of battered
black stone and is two cubits thick at the weakest point.
Strange colors from the unearthly sky play across the
courtyard. The giant iron gate retreats slowly in an
agonizing scream of metal on metal.

The majority of the interior is gloomy and austere.
The few wall hangings are obscured by the passing of
centuries. Icy air, devoid of moisture, protects the innu-
merable libraries of the Covenant from premature doom.
Less populous portions of the castle suffer vast drifts of


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

years burn with a green flame, illuminating the hallways
with an eerie glow.

The Hall of Convocation

Gigantic pillars of polished marble dominate this
audience hall in the center of the castle. Decisions that
effect the entire Order are made from here. All Hermetic
convocations are held in and around this room. Like-
wise, the Chamber of Deacons meets here for all but the
most private of discussions. A vestige of more barbaric
times, a great Certamen circle is inlaid into the marble
and gold floor. The high vaulted ceiling provides a clear
luminescence far superior to the torches lining the cor-
tidors. Tapestries leaven the austerity of the hall and
remind viewers of past glories.

The catacombs

The silent labyrinthine passageways and forgotten

aches are seldom ex-

ubterranean expanse contains a portal to
er. Visitors are usually transported directly

tothe castle proper after their arrival. Intruders find only
adaunting maze. Wards have been placed on the gateway
itself, alerting the Covenant's defenders of all guests.
Thus, invaders can expect to encounter a number of
deadly obstacles within the catacombs before reaching
well-prepared wizards above.

Che Powers that Be

Although Doissetep lost some of its precious mem-
bership during the Daedalean siege, the Covenant is still
one of the largest in existence. Currently 8 cabals reside
here. The agendas of these groups vary. Some crave the
power of the chamber but lack the strength to claim it.
Others merely wish to consolidate the Order's or their
own might. However, no two cabals truly agree as to how
to go about this task.

Coutt of the Dragon Ascendant

Members: Deacon Magistra Maeve Diannis bani

Tytalus, Deacon Primus Magister Mundi Alamantrah
bani Flambeau, Deacon Magister Erling Damask bani
Boniassus, Deacon Magister Lord Auguste d'Aiguillon

bani Mercere, Magister Cosimo Borgia bani Tytalus,
Magister Xenophon bani Tytalus, Adeptus Silvano Au-
ric bani Flambeau, Adeptus Adamantios bani Flambeau

Background: The mighty Court of the Dragon counts
four of the five Deacons among its membership. The cabal's
agenda has changed several times over the decade that its
member magi have been collaborating. At its founding, the
wizardly coven sought mysteries of the Umbral Courts. Its

ee

' = CHAPTER III: iz
THE COUNCIL
= 7 OF NINE

Otherworldly quests met with success, and much sorcerous
lore of practical use was discovered. By this time, however,
Doissetep was suffering under weak rulership and greedy
magisters. Perceiving a chance for true power in the Cov-
enant, the cabal formed a shadow court and set the stage for
their own ascendancy.

As the ruling elite, the Dragon Court keeps a careful
vigil over its subjects. While the Deacons pursue indi-
vidual agendas, they cooperate amongst themselves and
tule well for fear of revolt. Cabal members who have not
been raised to the chamber spend much of their time
reviewing the great volumes of information gleaned by
Maeve's twin spy networks, No.one in Doissetep can
avoid such dread scrutiny; however, the ruling council
avoids overusing such misbegotten knowledge, Afterall,
lack of subtlety can cause heads to roll.

The Drua'shi — Seekers of Truth

Members: Magister Andras Locere bani Mercere,
Adeptus Regimius bani Mercere, Adeptus Valery d'
Agneau bani Ex Miscellania, Adeptus Aleksandr Koziol
bani Ex Miscellania, Adeptus Fausto Verri, bani Ex
Miscellania

Background: The members of this promising cabal
seem to have an altruistic commitment to strengthen the
Order of Hermes as a whole. The Drua'shi have a number
of accomplishments to boast of, including assisting in
the creation of several smaller Covenants and an impor-
tant role in Doissetep's defense during the Promethean's
initial attack in 1448. The Seekers motivations are
colored more by the desire for personal glory than inher-
ent nobility.

After the Mistridge Tribunal, the Drua'shi began to
concentrate their efforts on enlisting sorcerers of rival
Traditions. Attempting to follow in Baldric La Salle's
foots as brought little reward for the cabal. La Salle
seeks allies for a common cause. The Seekers, in con
trast, pursue dominion over what they see as lesser magi.
While the sheer knowledge and resources of the Doissetep.
magi is impressive, other mystics are simply unwilling to
accept servitude.

The Fraternal Order of Guernicus

Members: Adjudicator Magister Mundi Aurelius
bani Quaesitor, Magister Domingos De Queiroz bani
Quaesitor, Magister Gheorghe Vasilache bani Quaesitor,
Magister Maximino bani Quaesitor

Background: Scant years ago, this fraternity wielded
tremendous power within both the Covenant and the
Order. Although still vastly influential and centuries
old, the Doissetep branch of the group has suffered severe

setbacks recently, and its membership is on the decline.
Even pessimists believe that House Guernicus is to gain
its seat in the Chamber of Deacons. But the ruling
council is diligently reallocating the cabal's base of
power in the meantime. The Deacons are not so bold as
to attempt to strip away any of the Praetors' judiciary
authority, however.

The Order of Guernicus has all but conceded any
hopes of controlling Doissetep im the near future. They
do, however, have designs on the Judicium Hermeticum
(the council ruling over the entire Order of Hermes)
irsélf. The archmagus Aurelius has held a chair on that
vaunted tribunal for a half-century. The cabal has no
plans*to put a second member in such a seat of power,
fearing the outrage such a feat might instill. Instead, the
judges seek to gain influence through blackmail and
other nefarious means. They have even discussed the
possibility of threatening the compatriots and families of
Judicium members. Calmer heads among the fraternity
balk at such»villainy.

Children of Pythagoras

Members: Adeptus Porthos Fitz-Empress bani Flam-
beau, Adeptus Milovan Djuric bani Ex Miscellania,
Adeptus Panagos. bani Flambeau, Adeptus Rashepses
bani Boniassus; Discipulus Gotfried Holst bani Verditius,
Discipulus Hugh Wickham bani Ex Miscellania

Background: Many of the more established Cabals
consider the Children of Pythagoras to be a group of
youths. But most of the Children are about 40, youthful
only in the jaded eyes of Doissetep's centenarians.

The Pythagoreans have distinguished themselves by
solving problems that. have plagued the Covenant for
centuries) Whether it be settling age-old disputes or
finding the vital clue that allows an elder Boniassus to
continue his research, the cabal brings new insight to
ancient impasses. The niche seems to fit the Children's
agenda-perfectly: They gain a chance to prove them-
selvesin the eyes of the Order, while not becoming mired
in Doissetep's Byzantine politics. Some members have
dreams of claiming power, but none wishes to enter such
a dangerous arena now.

Lords of the Chamber

The chamber currently holds unprecedented power
over the Covenant. Almost nothing escapes the notice of
the combined expertise of the Tytalan and Mercere spy
networks. The Deacons of Flambeau and Tytalus personally
control the greatest masters of Certamen in the Order.
Even the Judicium Hermeticum, whose sovereignty eclipses
Primus La Salle, is influenced by the lords of Doissetep.


Deacon Magistra Maeve
Diannis bani Cytalus

Maeve was born under the name Ninette Augereau,
the eldest child of a minor French noble house. As is the
custom, she was passed over for titles and positions of
power in favor of her brothers. Wise beyond her years,
was certain that she could make better use of the
\ opportunities given to her brethren. Instinctively, the
girl sought out Lawrence, who was a retired tutor who
lived in a small cottage on the manor. Impressed by her
spirit, Lawrence gave Maeve lessons in history, politics
and accounting. He also engaged her in debates over
philosophy, morals and strategy, and so Maeve's mind
grew to be keen and quick. Lawrence always claimed he
sensed a "destiny" in Maeve.

she

Maeve Awakened in the aftermath of a tragedy that
befell her family. Mercenaries of a rival family broke into
the keep in the dead of a winter night, slaughtering the
family and ransacking the house. The household ser-
vants who escaped scattered. The only other survivors
!] were Maeve and her youngest brother Michaut.

Lawrence, actually a magus from the Order of Hermes,
was questing to find the perfect apprentice. He found
that disciple in;Maeveywho learned evensmore swiftly
outside the confines of her parents' home. She seemed to.
show no grief for the loss of her family and'progressed
swiftly from novice to Adeptus. Soon after arriving at
Doissetep, she took on'her Irish name. She believed it
created associations with the wild Verbena in the mind
of her compatriots. Hermetics never admitted to being

CASTLES = (we
AND :
COVENANTS :

We
intimidated by the wild nature mystics, but the new RW

name engendered a modicum of unspoken respect.

As she approached adulthood, Maeve's interests
began to develop most keenly in the arts of strategy in
magickal warfare. Though she adored and respected
Lawrence, she sought lessons from many Cabals amongst
the Order. Ever desirous of challenge, she amused herself
with pranks on members of Tytalus, who were reputed to
be ever prepared for attack. Her schemes brought her
acknowledgment and grudging respect from the house.
She became a member.

Maeve was a terroras she clawed through the Tytalan
ranks. The pranks she engaged in as a Zelator grew into
deadly games of misdirection. Those who dismissed or
opposed her soon lost all that was dear to them. Other
strategists of the house learned to fear her cunning and
to dread her terrible mental puissance. Those who were
slow to learn were quickly suborned to her will.

Maeve is now Deacon of House Tytalus. She adheres
adamantly to the customs of the house. Disciples and
adepts are required to be well-versed in the ways of
combat, both magickal and physical. Students are regu-
larly tested in surprise combat drills, and punishment is
severe for the student who does not take such drills
seriously. Maeve engages gifted adepts in combat. She
knows from personal experience that an attack may
come at any time, and so one must be forever vigilant.

Maeve maintains a spider's web of trusted spies. She
utilizes powerful scrying and thought-theft spells to main-
tain the honor of these agents and the veracity of their
reports. Through Mercere Deacon, she has secret access to
one of the greatest networks of informants in the world.
Having proven herself the equal of any magister, the sorcer-
ess is content with her position amongst the Covenant's
elite. Should someone jeopardize her hard-won privileges,
however, there is no telling what she will do.

Maeve remains close to Lawrence, who is her pri-
mary advisor and trusted confidante. Word has reached
her of the possibility that her brother is still alive, now
aged to infirmity. She desires to visit him in the near
future, but she feels bound to Doissetep for the duration
of the changes that the ancient hold must endure. Maeve's
greatest fear is that her brother might be taken by the
Order of Reason and will one day be used as a pawn
against her.

Appearance: Maeve appears as a young woman of wiry
physique. She has a thick mane of mahogany hair. She
dresses in a blending of men's and women's clothing, de-
signed to provide the best aspects of comfort and practicality.

Roleplaying Hints: You are determined and you
project supreme confidence. Strategies and contingency
plans come naturally to you. Never enter a situation


CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
OF NINE

unprepared. You are willing to listen to others' ideas but
have little patience for foolishness.

Word: Sapienta (Latin: wisdom. Maeve seeks per-
fect knowledge of all things temporal. She believes that
only through this knowledge is it possible to apprehend
matters beyond mere human understanding.

Quote: You think the Daedaleans care if you've had
your supper, Adept? I'm telling you to fight! Now!

Deacon Primus Magister Mundi
Alamantrah bani Slambeau

Background: Born in Antioch amid the slaughter
and flames of the Crusades, the dread wizard Alamantrah
has ever been a creature of war, a bastard child of infidel
rape. Because of the disgrace, his Islamic mother left him
to fend for himself at an early age. Life as an outcast amidst
the ravages of war was fraught with a thousand perils, but
the canny youth quickly learned to predict the tactics of
both Crusader and Saracen factions.

Although true childhood had already been stolen by
conflict, the youth who would become Alamantrah found
his Path before he could rightly be called a man. On the
outskirts of the Byzantine Empire, he discovered a her-
mit sage willing to take him on as an apprentice. The
hermit rarely resorted to sorcery, but he was an expert on
} many subjects, including goetia. Soon Alamantrah had
learned all that the sage was willing to teach of the black
i arts. However, he remained with his teacher and his
library for several years afterward. In time, a new wave of
Crusaders pierced the veil of illusion surrounding the
remote dwelling of both sage and apprentice. Caught
unprepared, the youth was forced to flee while his elder
was robbed and murdered.

The young sorcerer joined a band of mercenaries. No
longer would he remain victim to greater powers. He
resolved to be the master of his own fate, and such
mastery requires power. He clawed his way to suzerainty
of the rough force, but his last vestiges of sentiment died
in the pillage and plunder of soldierly life. As leader, the
magus militant was able to mold his troops to his will.
Spirits were bound into the soldiers' weapons and mounts,
and the men were retrained into an elite cavalry. Re-
peated victories brought recruits, wealth and renown.

Already something of a legend, the powerful hedge
wizard was courted by the Order of Hermes. He rebuffed
the Order and was reluctant to part with power and
independence for an unknown cult. In the decades that
followed, Alamantrah encountered several magi of vari-
ous factions. He was surprised to discover that these
strange sorcerers were able to wield the eldritch arts with
seemingly no preparation. His own evocations, while
potent, always required hours or even days of ritual. He
sought counsel from the spirits. The entities advised

taking no action. Additionally, as they had stated on
previous occasions, the Umbrood warned him against
approaching the Order of Hermes or other magical societ-
ies. This time, however, the magician perceived that they
spoke in fear for their own sakes rather than concern for
his future. The sorcerer was determined to discover the
source of the spirits' apprehension.

The wizard soon traveled by flaming spirit chariot to
Doissetep's gate. He
worlds previously undreamed of. The continued expo-
sure to true magick of the Hermetics quickly brought
Alamantrah to a full Awakening.

Alamantrah's rise to power within House Flambeau
was predicated ona variety of strategies. Marshaling only
asmall contingent of Flambeau magi and common troops,
he routed Tremere forces on several occasions. Simi-
larly, he was able to blunt the blade of the inquisition,
misdirecting the religious scourge to innocent villages
and away from the domiciles of Hermetic sorcerers.
Other gains were secured through Certamen. By publicly
insulting certain rivals within the Covenant, Alamantrah ||
cause his enemies to challenge him to a magical duel.
Such battles are rarely fatal in normal circumstances.
The dread wizard, however, often reduced his opponents
to ash within moments of the altercation's commence-
ment. The magus was not averse to subtler and more
devious means as well. By presenting an open threat to
enemies, his more secretive intrigues to gain allies went
undetected. The wizard would engineer disasters for
those whose allegiance he wished to gain. Then by laying

was admitted and introduced to 4

the blame on another, Alamantrah created common
cause with the magus from whom he wished succor.

While he still chafes for a position on the Judicium
Hermeticum, Alamantrah has turned much of his atten-
tion of late on the twin tasks of shoring up the defenses
of Earthbound Hermetic Covenants and combating the
Order of Reason in general. Those who have seen him on
the battlefield in active defense of his brethren describe
himasan unearthly terror. By binding powerful Umbrood
who have many servitors, the wizard has been known to
field entire legions of spirits. Even Scourgelings inad-
vertently Awakened by titanic Hermetic magick can fall
subject to the Archmagus' dread will.

The old wizard also concerns himself with currying
favor in the Umbral Courts. In that arena, many of
Alamantrah's machinations have ended in frustration.
His cavalier dominion over certain potentates has made
him pariah in many Aethyric circles. In the meantime,
<j the archmagus fumes and plots more elaborate schemes.

Appearance: Alamantrah looks much like what one
expects of a near-legendary wizard. His long hair and
beard, white with age, flow nearly to his knees. Yet his
great mane does not fully conceal his tall, emaciated
frame and swarthy features. The magus' great golden eyes
are often aflame with a hellish mad intensity that is
difficult to look on. His gestures tend to be sweeping but
are made with a casual mien, as if the Deacon were used
to speaking before a large audience.

Roleplaying Hints: The mantle of leadership is a
visible aura around you. The idea that someone might
challenge your authority seems preposterous. To those
who have proven themselves, you display an infectious
fraternal camaraderie. You constantly seek to inspire
younger mages to greatness. After all, that power will be
at your disposal sooner or later.

However, centuries of existence have left you out of
touch with the common man. Your only understanding
of most human concerns is in a tactical sense. Twilight
wages a silent but protracted war with your senses.
Although you refrain from interacting with such visions
in public, you are plagued by hobgoblins. These creatures
often escape to run amok amidst Doissetep's halls, de-
\\ spite the eldritch you might wield to prevent it.

Word: Aldaraia (Enochian: Will) Few choose an
Enochian termas their Word, because vocal recitation of
the language occasionally raises unwanted mystic power.
Alamantrah insists that his choice of creative Word aids
in aligning his will with that of the Most High.

Quote: I see in you the first glimmerings of great power
Itis necessary that your mettle be tested in order to bring this
power to light. You must venture to the Desert of Eternal
Suffering in the Realm of...

= CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS
a2

Deacon Magister Erling
Damask bani Boniassus

Erling Damask has the unenviable task of ensuring
that the ruling council is perceived as noble statesmen
rather than base villains. While the other Deacons take
care to camouflage any nefarious activity they feel is

necessary to engage in, Erling strives to keep the grum-

bling magi of Doissetep happy.
The Boniassus sorcerer is aware that his appointed
task is nigh impossible, but he excels at determining who

cannot or need not be appeased. Strangely, it is often the
most powerful of magi that receive no favors from the
wizard. Consors and lesser magicians are easily pleased.
A few extra freedoms and showings of respect are some-
times enough to garner enduring loyalty. Magisters,

however, are rarely satisfied until they have the lion's
share of power and resources. Damask does court the
Covenant's potentates. He selects only those who can
provide a maximum of advantage to the chamber, and he
is loath to give away any resource or title that might be
used against the ruling tribunal later.

Erling's devotion to his house is apparent in all that
he does, and has never been disputed. Members of his
own and other houses have noticed a change in his
approach since his elevation to the Chamber of Dea-
cons. He has become convinced of his theory that the
direction for Hermes' future lies with its adepts and other
young mages. To further that end, he has undertaken the
task of making certain that these junior members, at least
those of House Boniassus, have all the Quintessence,
laboratory space, and other support needed. He believes


ES a —— . a
——TES] CHAPTER II:
{ SSKOGDROVFs| | THECOUNCIL |
VO aed OF NINE f
>

PAG) that with petty impediments removed, the young sorcer-

ers can create to the fullest extent of their abilities. Thus,

great quantities of Vis have been funneled to junior
researchers at the expense of elder magisters. This act
has garnered the enmity of many powerful magi.

In council, the master of Boniassus does not deviate
from the will of the Deacons to preserve their vaunted
station. He, like the other lord of Doissetep, may have a
private agenda, but it can be followed only with the
hierarchy in place. The chamber permits Erling's aggres-
sive reallocation of resources, seeing it as a part of his
otherwise masterful statecraft.

The diplomatic magus has begun to fall in love with
one of his former apprentices. He has refrained from
acting on these unseemly desires, but he is tormented by
longing. For now, the magister merely dreams of retiring
to a faraway Realm with his beloved.

Appearance: Erling Damask's features are carefully
crafted to be grandfatherly and non-threatening. His
bald pate surmounts a delicate face with gentle blue eyes.
White robes make up the majority of his wardrobe. The
councilor's movements are slow but performed with a
certainty that betrays a fierce determination to the
trained eye.

Roleplaying Hints: A consummate diplomat, your
kind manner and tactful words rarely fail to soothe
ruffled feathers. Your conversations are usually a subtle
blend of flattery, attentiveness and insight. Even those

d

who are not inclined to be civil can often be embarrass

by your calm politeness into checking their tongue.
Word: Aegis — Erling's creative Word follows the
same lines as Boniassus' Word Parma (Latin: to shield).
The Councilor sees himself as the shield under which
adepts of house and Order may grow unhindered.
Quote: I can understand why even a perceptive mind
such as your own might come to that conclusion. If we
examine the details thoroughly, the misfortunes to which you
have alerted me can each be put in their proper contexts

Magister Deacon Raffaele
9'Avezzo bani Verditius

The great enchanter Raffaele d' Arezzo is perhaps best

known for his creation of the Canna Annae. This prized

treasure, taking the form of a large twisted staff, allows

Hermetic masters of only moderate accomplishment in
the True Art to extend their lives. Until his appointment
to the council, Raffaele's brilliance and dedication to
research rivaled even the luminaries' of Boniassus. He had
managed to withdraw completely from Covenant politics
whilst retaining an adequate share of resources and useful
apprentices. It is because of this renown and disinterest in
intrigue that both house and chamber chose him as the

first outsider to join the tribunal as a Deacon. All others
of repute favored the agendas of the Verditius or were seen
as lapdogs of the tribunal.

Raffaele was not pleased by his appointment to the
chamber. Others of his house made it quite clear that he
had little choice in accepting. The magus was immedi-
ately assailed by a confusing array of offers, threats,
bribes and other intrigues. However, the vast concentra-
tion he had developed as a researcher was not without its
uses in his new office. It took little time for the new
Deacon to familiarize himself with the political climate
and decide on his course of action.

With subterfuge and care, he has initiated a two-
pronged plot to hold the chamber to principles of justice.
In council, he fosters the belief that Deacons from the
remaining unrepresented houses must be appointed
quickly in order to avoid further revolution. Much of this
line of discussion is focused on House Quaesitor.
Doissetep's rulers agree that Guernicus must be repre- D>
sented in order to quiet tensions. Raffaele's fellows &
demand, however, that the Quaesitor magus must be Ss
loyal to the existing leadership. Thus, the other part of
the Verditius wizard's effort involves finding the perfect
Guernicus candidate. The enchanter seeks a judge who
is loyal to the powers that be, but both honorable and
courageous. Once raised, the Praetor must not balk at
fighting his fellows in the pursuit of justice. It is Deacon
Maeve Diannis that makes this second effort both diffi-
cult and dangerous. Few can shield themselves from her
mental prying and none can be certain of their success in
defense. Despite his enormous discipline, even Raffaele


ii

ali

CASTLES —
AND i
COVENANTS =

of his agenda.

Raffaele d'Are:
around him. Of late, he has hidden such knowledge even
from himself. Since his Awakening in the backlash of a
fatal Scourging of another Doissetep mage, he has taken
care to seem oblivious to all but the task at hand. His
slow but steady rise from consor to apprentice, and much
later, to magister, left him relatively free of hubris.
However, his manner of thought and speech has become
ever more Byzantine. He rarely addresses a topic directly
but steers conversations subtly. When he succeeds, oth-
ers come to the conclusions the Verditius magus desires.

Appearance: Raffaele is in his 40's. His slightly
portly frame and squinting eyes complete a drab counte-
He dresses in decorative cloaks and tunics
ornamented with magickal jewelry.

motivations seem obscure to those

nance.

The enchanter's movements are casual and under-
stated. In council, he calculates each gesture to draw a
J minimum of attention to himself.

nr)

Roleplaying Hints: Conversation is a much more

FAL dangerous endeavor than research at Doissetep. You

approach such peril with the utmost care. Strive to be
three steps ahead of those around yourself while reveal-
ing nothing. When speaking, occasionally bring up
matters seemingly unrelated to the topic at hand in order
to steer the conversation toward unstated ends. Also,
draw attention away from yourself whenever practical. A
low profile can do wonders both for one's efficacy and life
expectancy,

Word: Abducere (Latin: divert) Raffaele originally
* chose this term in dedication to the manipulation of
certain mystic energies (i.e. time). Now it has a more
straightforward use: diverting the attention of others.

Quote: While the questionable loyalty of any men-at-
arms we might recruit is a topic of some import, similar
quandaries arise amongst other factions. Perhaps the rote of
sincerity detection Master Ulrich von Falke bani Quaesitor
recently developed may be of interest

Magister Deacon Lord Auguste
vAiguillon bani Mercere

Background: Auguste was born into a French noble
family of some repute, but he was cursed with an excess
of surviving older brothers. Auguste, like his brothers,
had been taught both letters and leadership since his
birth. However, since multiple siblings survived child-
hood, their father feared division of his holdings after
death. Like many in this situation, Auguste's father sent
the supernumerary children to a monastery.

Monastic life held little interest for Auguste, who
had already intuited a basic understanding of the magickal

arts from Greek texts. Prior to his expulsion from his
father's lands, he had already been in contact via mes-
senger with a group calling itself the Brotherhood of the
Rosy Cross. Upon leaving, Auguste headed directly for a
meeting with that organization. It turned out to be a
Tyta

n recruiting front for the Order of Hermes.

Auguste's Awakening was birthed in disorienting
visions of faraway lands, seen through the eyes of his
messengers. Over decades, the noble magus developed
these abilities. With the amplification of Talismans
bartered from House Verditius, he was able to speak and
be heard by Hermetics throughout Earth and in many far
Realms. Wielding this sorcery, Auguste quickly rose toa
position of leadership within Mercere.

Although Auguste's clairvoyant network brought
him great influence within his house, it also attracted
Ve

attention from others seeking power within the C
enant. While many sought to parley with the recently
recognized Magister, Maeve Diannis, aided by the rest of
her Cabal, used powerful group sorcery to enthrall his
mind utterly. At first, Auguste fought his mental reins,
but the spell was thorough and subtle. His personality
was almost entirely unchanged, but his loyalty ulti-
mately lay with Maeve. Now, tragically, he strives to
obfuscate any evidence that might bring light to his
enslavement. Having first hand access to the Mercere
spies, he is unlikely to fail in this concealment.
Auguste enjoys his position in the chamber and
currently sees no reason to question his covert devotion

to Maeve. Asa Deacon he has even joined her Cabal, the


CHAPTER III:

Court of the Dragon Ascendant. He believes it his own
decision that his clairvoyant network be used primarily
for magical espionage. He hunts for those plotting against
the ruling tribunal with a vigor equal to that of any of his
compatriots. The magus lord is not without his own
ambitions, however. Auguste was at the forefront of
pillaging House Regnatus' power. Via his communica-
tions magicks, he plans to exert a shadowy grip on the
monarchs of Europe. Appreciating the scale of his own
audacity, he proceeds slowly, but he intends to claim
interest on his ‘stolen' birthright.

Appearance: Aquiline nose and predatory eyes domi-
nate Auguste's face. Were it not for his well-proportioned
body, he would resemble a goblin. His unkempt red hair
and high-pitched voice do little to assuage this effect.
The Magus' style of dress, however, is conservative. His
dark tunic and robes are rarely accented by anything
more than a single silver clasp. There is a dramatic
tension in the magus' movements. To the keen of eye he
appears to merely act relaxed while actually experienc-
ing an overwhelming flood of sensations.

Roleplaying Hints: There is a vaguely menacing air
to your serious demeanor. For a master of a house whose
primary concern is communication, you are far more
inclined to cunning than diplomacy. Whenever pos-
sible, cut to the heart of a matter rather than dispense
pleasantries. Though you are not without feeling, senti-
ment is not a weakness you can afford to display.

Word: Nett (Old English — Network) Even before
Awakening, Auguste believed that a great man must be a
spider at the center of a web. In magick, this philosophy has
brought the power and glory he has craved since youth.

Quote: Of course, I'm familiar with the matter. Let us
not mince words. What are you willing to offer for the
information I have? Should your offer be found wanting, I
doubt you will survive overlong in ignorance.

Politics among the
Enlightened

Intrigue comes as second nature to most Hermetics.
Thus, Doissetep has been rife with plots since the Order
seized the castle in A.D. 876. There have been times
when such iniquity has threatened to destroy the Cov-
enant utterly. The current masters of the ancient
stronghold use the serpentine maneuverings of their
subjects to fortify the battered edifice. Would-be despots
find themselves checked, and younger magi gain unprec-
edented opportunities. Conflict sharpens the instincts of
victors and the defeated as well.

Stability through conflict would be an impossible
dream were it not for the seemingly unassailable position

of the Chamber of Deacons. No intrigue escapes their
notice and popular support has allowed them to rewrite
the Covenant charter to their advantage. These mighty
potentates have an impressive array of skeletons in their
closet, though. Were such secrets to be revealed, any-
thing could happen.

Doissetep's intrigue is not limited to the castle walls.
There are few things on Heaven or Earth that the Hermetic's
do not seek dominion over. As Baldric La Salle quests to
make allies of rival sorcerers, many magisters see a remark-
able opportunity. Indeed, many within the Covenant feel it
is their preordained right to rule these "lesser magi." The
rigorous and formal training of the Hermetic arts lead many
to believe that all other practitioners are little more than
half-schooled savages. Most Doissetep residents realize that
they haven't the resources to forcibly subjugate even the
disorganized Seer of Chronos. Plots abound, however, for
controlling the scattered Traditions once they join in
common cause.

that Doissetep must allow rival sorcerers to join the
Covenant. Several of the Deacons are offended by the
decision. Others see it as a scheme to gain a measure of
dominance over the wayward Traditions. Those trained
by the "superior" methods of the Hermetics are expected
to return to their "backward" people in time. In theory,
the magi, now civilized, are to then rise to power amongst
their own, while still serving the interests of the Order.
Any magus who joins Doissetep without being well-
versed in Western mysteries can expect to be treated
with disdain.

Horizon: Che Future's
Brightest Star

isbet clung to her small perch high atop the
massive building that was nearing comple-
tion. Her ragged hair lifted in the light winds
stirring in the just constructed Realm, and
her skin tickled in wonder. She felt such awe
as she gazed over the landscape, from the
building below her with its high parapets and multi-faceted
windows, to the forests and mountains that lay in the distance,
waiting to be explored!

She laughed softly in anticipation. She had seen so much
of the Realm from her viewpoint, more than even the sorcer-
ers who toiled daily within the city and the outlying borders.
She observed, hidden, as the great elder magi made their
spectacular plans. Lisbet watched, beyond notice, as the
younger disciples and servants formed bonds of friendship


rs SRE G COVENANTS

that overcame differences of circumstance and birth. Lisbet
felt she had grown very wise since the twist of fate that brought
her to Horizon.

Horizon, the newly born Realm, is the wellspring of the
dreams of a few magi. They magi shared their devotion with
a few others: the friends, students and servants who make
their homes within its boundaries. Together they have created
something to outlast the ages.

Lisbet was thrilled! Soon, the gates were to formally
open, and even more magi were to arrive. But in her heart,
Horizon lived already, and the visions it inspired were real.

Lisbet's form shifted and changed from a scruffy young

& girl into a sleek black crow. She spread her wings trium-

Ww

; (| phantly and flew, with Horizon glowing brightly below her.

A day will come when Horizon is to be the brightest
star of all the Covenants in all the Realms. It is to shine

all within its gates. Today, it is newly born, a dream
finally made reality.

1450: 1450 was an embattled year. The Order of
Reason's destruction of Doissetep was just two years past,
the second Mistridge Tribunal was the previous year, and
the Craftmasons were defeated that very year in the
Battle of Flames. In response, the Primi constructed a
haven — a Realm far from Earth, where the magi of
diverse paths could meet, share, grow, and unite to battle
their mutual enemies. It was a wonderful dream, that
people from different lands, backgrounds, beliefs and
cultures could meet peacefully.

The 10 Primi, one from each path, save the
Dreamspeakers, who sent two, resolved that each has to
contribute a portion of power to build this palace of
hope. Dedicated souls, they knew their people could not
refuse to be part of this bright dawning of a newera. Ali-
beh-Shaar spoke for the Ahl-i-Batin, also, known as
"Batini," or "Subtle Ones." He made it plain that he was
merely the earthly voice for "Murshids," who were greater
sorcerers who had achieved an otherworldly status. Wu
\ Jin traveled far from the east to speak for the Akashic
}\ Brotherhood, but he also stated that he was not their
leader, but a representative. The darkly insightful
Chakravanti were represented by their Primus, Chalech,
who observed the discussions and arguments carefully
from beneath his hooded cloak. Valoran of the Celestial
Chorus raised his voice in deep conviction, certain of the
importance of an alliance and leading those who be-
lieved the same. The Dreamspeakers' two, Star-of-Eagles
and Niaoba, may well have been one, for the bond they
shared was a marriage of spirit as well as form. The Order
of Hermes' Baldric La Salle was in attendance, as this
gathering was his own idea. The Sahajiya, known as the

Seers of Chronos for their gifts of parting the veils of
time, were embodied in ideal by Sh'zar the Seer, who
brought passion and impetus to the assembly. The diplo-
mat Luis d'Estes spoke for the Solificati, and he lent skill
and focus to the newly born circle of diversity. Night-
shade of Verbena brought the unfettered primal force of
her magick to the Council. It was her dream, along with
Valoran and Baldric La Salle, to bring magi from many
cultures and beliefs together. One astounding note is
that these three were able to dream and to plan of the
alliance of Horizon, given the long-held hatred of the
Order and the Choristers for the Verbena. The other two
consider the Verbena to be corrupt. These three were
able to rise above the pettiness of their teachings' preju-
dices to something far greater. Their example was one
from which everyone should take a lesson.

And so it began. It was decided that the first major
step in the construction of the Horizon Realm would be
the Columns of Power, which would form the base and
essence of everything that the Realm was to be. Each
Primus returned to his or her homeland to convince their
followers of the importance of this undertaking. They
would present the necessity of the contribution of a focus
of power by each participant, so that the new Realm
would be a part of them all.

Sh'zar of the Seers was the first to contribute, and he
gave the Gediz Caves to begin the construction. The
others, either inspired or shamed by his swiftness, all
responded quickly with their own contributions.
Throughout the year, each Primus announced the dedi-
cation of a place of power to the realization of this dream.

The roster was soon complete.

1452: A Minor Tribunal was held in the Gediz
Caves to dedicate the Columns of Power to support
Horizon. The Primary List was impressive. The Gediz
Caves in Turkey; the Floating Tip of Lyonesse in France;
Stonehenge; Chalice Hill and Glastonbury Tor in En-
gland — each was a legendary mystical knoll in its own
tight. Also, Loch Ness in Ireland, home to ancient, deep-
dwelling beings who wish no ill; Nemi Lake in Italy; the
Dragons of Guilin in China, a long-held ancestral place
of worship; a spirit-swept desert in a far away, primal
land; Artaxerxes Court in Persopolis; the Canyon of
Qu'Dali, and the library of Alexandria in Persia. The
event was joyous, as those involved were swept into the
tide of the birth of a new era.

Magi resistant to the idea refused to participate.
They felt that the coming together of so many magi who
held opposing philosophies indicated weakness and cor-
ruption. But most shared the convictions of the Primi,
that this was to make them stronger and more united,
and was to bring a new age of magick to the world. These
supportive magi also realized that uniting, even with
those whose ways were strange and heretical was neces-


CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
OF NINE

sary. The threat of the Order of Reason was far more

immediate and deadly.

1453: The real work began. In rituals that crossed
all boundaries, blending belief and methodology, the
magi began to bond the columns of power to one another
and to build their Realm. The workings were beautiful
things to behold, primal and furious. They blended the
best of the magi's practices, from arcane ritual to primor-
dial spirit, crafting from their blood and art a new world.
They drew from each other's energy and learned from
one another as well. Some were even inspired to recon-
sider long-held bigotry, in the force of such pure magick.

Yet somehow, to the horror of all involved, tragedy
struck. The magi's Great Work was to draw the attention
of an Umbral lord. Urushlakhg'run considered the loca-
tion they had chosen as his own, and he was quick to
fight for it. He lashed out furiously, forcing the magi into
battle. The ¢

sweeping, gouging the earth of Horizon with inhuman

struction inflicted by the

reat spirit was

claws, leaving great gashes that would be called Sleeping

Giant Inlets. The Columns shuddered and heaved, but
somehow they stood. The battle was won at Keyhole
Pass, but at a terrible cost. Qi-Nagi, a young apprentice
to Nightshade, made a stand against Urushlakhg'run, as
other magi fought the effects of his destruction. She fell
in the attempt but distracted the Umbral lord long

enough so that other magi could stand strong against
him. He was banished and imprisoned beneath Horizon

Range. The survivors dedicated the river Qi-Nagi in

honor of their slain sister.

Those who had opposed the construction of Horizon
used the Umbral lord's attack and Qi-Nagi's tragic death
as evidence of the correctnes
began a campaign of whispers against Horizon, some
spoke openly, others began verbally sparring with
Horizon's most dedicated supporters. But their voices

of their objections. Some

were like the hissing of snakes, and their actions were the

minute stings of mosquitoes. As the construction pro-

gressed, they soon became silent. Such was the life of the

dream as it grew into its own. lf
145 (/
previous year. The Primi remained dedicated to the
dream of Horizon, though the strain of their efforts was
beginning to show on them. They were determined to
complete their undertaking, but they disagreed about
how to do so. They argued over the placement of the
Columns of Power, they argued over how to shield and
protect them. It was decided that Crystal Bastions would
be constructed around the City of Concordia. These

Y

Construction in 1454 was no easier than the |

were to help direct all Quintessence into the very center
of Horizon, the Council Chambers, from where it could
be distributed to all.


——— CASTLES
OSV) DZ AND
SAAS | COVENANTS

Almost too late, the Primi became aware that this
increased flow of Tass was attracting Umbrood and even
more horrifying spirits. The Primi selected three skilled
warrior mages to protect the boundaries so hard won against
attack by these beings. Arianne of the Euthanatos could
deal death as swiftly as she spoke of the joy of life. The
Dreamspeaker Im'Rihn was a powerful fighter who moved
with the guidance of a thousand dead warriors. The guard
from the Akashic Brotherhood did not speak, but Wu Jin
called him Son and said Do ran deep within him.

The first challenge came swiftly. Horizon's borders
were assailed by ravenous creatures called Ch'ikch'h'jkla.
They fed on Tass and had targeted Horizon's Quintes-
sence supply to feed their swarm. The guards stood tall
and fought bravely, and so the first battle was won.

Infernal forces from the deeper Umbral reaches
attacked soon afterward. Their motives were indecipher-
able and mad, but such are the actions of fallen magi.
<I They were defeated and damned for it.

The third onslaught was by Umbrood allied with
Urushlakgh'run. These were determined to set their
master free from his imprisonment by Horizon magi the
previous year. This matter proved to be the most chal-
lenging battle of all for the heroic guards. Though sorely
injured, all survived.

The battles became known as the Three Tests of
Faith to those who spoke of them. At last even the
staunchest objectors began to realize the power and good
that could be brought to the world through unity. A very
few continued to grumble, but their ill will was either
ignored or protested. Everyone was joyous with the thrill
of victory.

Tragically, it was not to last. The Order of Reason,
ever-implacable foes, launched a careful and shattering
attack on four of the nine Columns of Power that formed
the base of Horizon. The effects were tragic and almost
ruinous. The Horizon Guard set to defend Lyonesse, and
then Stonehenge, where sympathetic fae eager to pro-
tect a place of enchantment joined in the fray. Others
did not fare as well. Chalech withdrew his Column, for
he was forced to use its energy as he battled against the
Order of Reason. The Canyon of Qu-Dali was lost en-
tirely, and is thus far in the hands of the Order of Reason.
Some day it shall be reclaimed by the magi with true
rights to it.

Horizon lost many valiant magi in those battles, as
enchanters from every persuasion and path came together to
defend against their common foes. Don Horenzio, who
brought so much insight and happiness to everyone he
encountered, fell that day. Buthe left a legacy —aspell called
Urgency, to add swiftness to the completion of all tasks.

There were rumors that the few remaining oppo-
nents to Horizon had betrayed their fellow magi to the
Order of Reason. It was considered suspicious that the

Daedaleans knew exactly how and where to strike most
effectively. Surprisingly, there was no inquisition, as
there might have been on the earthly Realm. There were
discreet inquiries on the part of the Primi and concern
among the younger adepts but no grand trials or Certamen.
Horizon was near completion. Those who did not share
the dream merely left, and how they fared on their own
was the will of the fates.

1465: Magi worked twice as swiftly to ready Horizon,
in part to enthusiasm and in part courtesy of Don Horenzio'
Urgency enchantment. The date for completion had been
announced, and all hurriedly prepared for the arrival of new
Council members, and those who would live and work
within Horizon's bright Realm. The studies were lined with
books from all lands and ages. Beautiful draperies woven
from material fine and lovely hung from the walls. Labora-
tories sparkled shiny and new. Whispers circulated that
Star-of-Eagles and Niaoba would announce plans to marry
at the opening festival. Even the youngest apprentices
wondered if the fae, who had shown such interest in
Horizon's future before, would grace the hall with their
presence. Everything glowed with a soft, beautiful radiance.
Horizon was complete.

Mapping Paradise

Since it opened its portals, Horizon has had a steady
population of around 2000, a mix of magi, their families,
pupils and servants. One day, the Realm will be peopled by
more than 10 times that number!

Council Chambers:
The Heart of the Realm

A

The Council Chambers form the heart of Horizon, oh
located in its spiritual and physical center. The edifice is
being constructed in an amalgamation of styles, repre-
senting the different worldly cultures brought together.
Yet the blend is not jarring but harmonious, the different
architectures combining into one another in awe-inspir-
ing magnificence. The magi who designed the
construction deemed it an outer representation of the
harmony the Primi are aspiring to promote within its
walls. A high, domed roof tops the building, circled with
10 windows through which Tass are funneled. The sun's
light and warmth shines through an oculus placed at the
dome's pinnacle.

The interior furnishings of the chamber are beauti-
ful and ornate statues and vases. Magick-crafted wall
hangings adorn walls of the richest wood inlaid with
metals of silvery purple hues. The tapestries, in keeping
with the old manner, retell the story of Horizon's con-
struction, of its heroes' battles and sacrifices.


CHAPTER Ill: | PE

The Council table is round, surrounded by 10 chairs.
Nine are for the representatives from each of the paths,
plus one more for guests. Upon each of the chairs carved
for the Council is inlaid a precious gemstone to represent
a sphere of power. Quintessence connects the glowing
gemstones to its essential Column of Power.

Around the Great Room of the Council Chambers
are other rooms. An Archive houses books of magick,
history and other papers of significance. For more private
discussions between Primi, there is a more secluded
meeting hall. Doorways lead from the meeting hall to the
chambers and to the subrealms as well. These portals are
still under construction subject to the individual tastes
of the Masters of each subrealm. The private chambers
for each of the Council Magi are also here, each ap-
pointed in the taste of its occupant. There are additional
private rooms for visiting magi and other guests, and
each are decorated in a splendid, comfortable manner.

Guards are stationed around the Council Chambers.
They are a force expanded beyond the first three who
originally defended Horizon's boundaries. In most cases,
the guards are ceremonial, for all entrances to the Realm,
Chambers, and subrealms are magickally warded. When
a breach does occur, the guards react swiftly.

A Zen Garden,
Calm Surrounded by Fury

The Council Chambers are surrounded by gentle
rolling hills, with winding pathways and serene land-
scapes. Hardly a city at all, the area is Concordia, and it
is home to most that dwell within Horizon. Surrounding
it is a wall of fortification called the Diamond Wall.
Although not actually constructed of diamonds, the
wall's surface reflects its namesake's impenetrability.
The surface of the stone wall is carved with runes and
stands 50 feet tall. Nine bastions have been placed on the
walls, each with its own guardian.

The people of each Craft tend to keep close to their
own kind, but the boundaries are not rigid and are set only
by the willof the ones who follow those somewhat arbitrary
borders. A great deal of trading and movement exists
between the sects, born of curiosity as well asinecessity. The
cultivation of this spirit of co-operation on a daily basis is
what will mean Horizon's survival. The city is torn with
petty differences, which are usually solved with-the assis-
tance of appointed magi within the Realm.

As the Realm becomes more real, fabulous places
have been made or are being planned. They represent
much of the nature of the area that they are located in,
but some are surprising in their placement.

Within the Place of Spirit lies the Taeo Temple, a
gift of the Akashic Brotherhood. The temple is said to
heal the soul and aid seekers of enlightenment. A new

custom seems to be forming, as a dedicated group of
Dreamspeakers arrives to chant devotions on most morn-
ings. The temple is carved from the wood of the blue
bodhitree, which is found only in the Akashics' subrealm.
The carving is the inspiring shape of a rising flame.

The Heart of Time is home to the Sruth na Mblath,
arainbow-colored Garden of Eden tended by the pagans.
Within its tranquil acres are flowers and herbs of every
imaginable kind. Its scents are serene and intoxicating,
so it is no surprise that the garden is a favorite gathering
place for many Seers of Chronos, as well as other magi.

The Dream-speakers of the Dijiionondo-wanenake
Cabal are constructing a gift to the Order of Hermes.
"The Spiral Arches" are 70 feet high, constructed of
crystal elm wood, and will be placed in the Storm's
Center, named for the forces the Order controls. The
Dream-speakers say that once the Spirals are in place,
those standing beneath them can peer into an Umbral
Realm and commune with the Spirits there. 7

The Qi-Nagi River, named after the brave appren- ¥
tice who fell to Urushlakgh'run flows through five of the
city's distinct areas. On the banks of the Qi-Nagi stands
Merekades' Tavern. Merekades, a Verbena apprentice,
built and runs the Tavern. She believes that everyone
involved with Horizon should have a place to sup and
relax, and share a tankard of ale and conversation. The
Tavern serves simple food from a variety of locales. The
drinks are beers and ales, although finer wines and
unfermented fruit juices are available. On most nights,
there is a performance by a poet, singer, or other type of
bard to add to customers' enjoyment.

The Tavern is a large room with a bar, with tables
anda hearth. Merekades feels the hearth adds a welcom-
ing touch. Meals are cooked in a kitchen behind the bar,
out of the customer's sight. There are many guest rooms
where travelers or the weary can stay for the night.
Merekades' Tavern was unofficially the first structure in
Horizon to be opened, as she offered hospitality to those
involved in the Realm's construction from midway into
the venture.

The landscape surrounding Concordia is either se-
rené or an untamed wilderness. Green fields roll outward
from the city, sending fragrant wafts of fresh gre nt
across the countryside. The many lakes' clear blueness
sparkles brightly in the clear sunshine. Copses of verdant
trees stand stately and tall, despite their tender years.
Someday villages will flourish and grow here, nurtured
by the beauty and abundance that surrounds them.

Beyond this welcoming valley are forests that grow
primordial and wild, echoing the newness of the world.
The trees grow tangled and thick, challenging the skies'
light to break through. Only the bravest venture into
these permanently shadowed woods. Farther still are
ranges of tall, stately mountains, rising higher into the


IITA

aN

CASTLES =
AND
COVENANTS =

sky than any earthly range. The mountains of the Hori-

zon range have both magickal properties of protection

and the size to protect the Realm from attacks from earth

or the Umbrood. At nightfall, the sky around the range

is broken by glowing purple lightning or eerie glows. In

caves deep beneath the heights, dragons rule in elemen-
| tal fury. Several foolhardy mages have attempted to gain
an audience with one of these dread predecessors to
humanity. Those who failed to bring vast sums of Vis in
appeasement did not return. Other fell beasts such as
ogres and griffins dwell amongst the peaks and the land
beyond. All must be wary or fall prey to the great wyrms.
Though formed by the magi of Horizon, the Range has
barely been explored. No one knows what strange won-
ders the heights and crevices contain.

The continent of Posht is untamed and only par-
tially explored. It is a land of raw beauty and incredible
dangers. Where Concordia and its surrounding areas
4 represent the calmer face of nature, Posht is reflective of
Y an ancient time, with its lush jungles and active volca-
noes. Early expeditions into the land were lost in the
violent eruptions, or in the shifts of the moving Earth.
Explorations of Posht have been delayed until the magi
can adequately prepare for the land's hazards.

The celestial orbs that grace Horizon's sky are im-
bued with magickal properties as well. The sun emits a
comforting golden warmth that neither poisons nor
burns. The sun is believed to give power to the mages
inner spirit, and some swear the rays of the sun give those
who receive its light a greater ability to love. Horizon's
three moons, which are continually full, are said to cause
transformation to the land and its creatures. A goat
could become a griffin overnight, and that path that was
becoming so tedious might disappear entirely!

The Cabals Within

Three major Cabals have formed during Horizon's brief
history. Each reflects an aspect of the Realm's purpose, and
all have made significant contributions to its completion.

The Order of Sanguinity

The Order was formed in direct response to the threat of
the Order of Reason; it was formed by magi determined to
find the most effective way to eliminate the Daedaleans.
Rather than formal discussion, the Order's meetings were
complaints and boasted threats against the Conventions,
liberally peppered with insults and name-calling. The Order
of Reason's attack on the fledgling Horizon galvanized the
Sanguinity to unite and launch directed strikes against the
Daedaleans. They began training their members in informa-
tion-gathering and surreptitious acts to assist in the ongoing
war. Devon Freemantle, a Master of the Order of Hermes,
leads the group in spirit though not title. Early in his career,

the Order of Reason attempted to tum himand persuade him PRS
to betray his brethren. Ever since these overtures, which
Devon viewed as defaming his dedication to the
he has viewed the Daedaleans as worthy only of complete
destruction. Other members of the Sanguinity have equally
potent motivations for detesting the Order of Reason. At
meeting, the bases for hatred are not discussed, only courses
of action for annihilating the enemy.

The Horizon Guard

This multi-Tradition Cabal of magi was formed
following the appointment and success of the initial
three guards chosen to defend Horizon. Following the
Three Tests of Faith, the effectiveness and necessity of
guards was irrefutable. The three guards who were first
chosen to defend Horizon became heroes and set an
example of camaraderie that the Primi hoped others

Hermetics,

within the Realm would follow. The Council of Nine

realized that more guardians would be needed as Horizon's
boundaries grew, and it made it known that the Horizon
Guard was recruiting members. Most who applied were
already inclined in those more carefully aggressive ten-
dencies. The fourth member to join the guard was
Qi-Nagi, apprentice to Nightshade of Verbena. The
Cabal has an official membership of 13: the original
three guards who regularly patrol the perimeter of
Concordia, nine who watch the interior of the city, and
one who guards the portal of the Council Chambers.
Unofficially, there are other members who carry mes-
sages and keep their eyes and ears open.

The Builders of the Dream

The magi knownas Builders of the Dream were brought
together for the purpose of designing and fabricating Hori-
zon. Beyond the Council of Nine, they were the souls who
believed in the dream of Horizon from its inception. The
Cabal was primarily formed of wizards who view magick as
something to be practically applied. They dedicated them-
selves day and night to its completion, from the carving of
the Realm from the Umbra to the construction of the
buildings on the completed world. They are working on the
outlying structures, though at a more relaxed pace. Many of

their members are still recovering from prolonged use of the
"Urgency" spell.

The Council of Nine
Ali-beh-shaar Murshid,
voice of the Ahl-i-Batin

Background: Even before his Awakening, the great

Murshids (Batini Masters), who guide the Batini, subtly
guided Ali-beh-Shaar. The play of light and shadow or


CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
= OF NINE

the words of beggars revealed secrets of the hidden word
to the youth. The Murshid (Batini Disciple or Adept) to
whom Ali was apprenticed suffered in magical bondage
to a powerful djinn. They arrived in the fabled City of

Brass where the youth was traded among several djinni as

if he were some sort of prize. Finally, and inexplicably, he
was released. Lost in Realms far removed from the world,
Ali wandered in a seemingly aimless fashion. In a be-
fuddlement of recent Awakening, he stumbled into an
earthly khanaqah (Batini lodge)

Amongst the other Hidden Ones, Ali learned quickly
and achieved the enlightenment and status of a Murshid.
Although he was not one of the ancient Murshids who
lead the AhL-i-Batin, it was to Ali-beh-Shaar that Sh'zar
the Seer addressed his offer to join in an alliance of
wizards. The Subtle One was skeptical: Why ally with
infidels just to fight other infidels. He passed on the
message to the hidden masters of the Batini, however, not
wishing to overstep his authority. Within days the elders
of Mount Qaf sent him to represent all the Ahl-i-Batin as
Primus. No word of explanation was provided, only the

demand that he discover the answers for himself.

The Batini soon found answers, but not to his liking.
Many of these magi were not the infidels who master-
minded the Crusades against his people, and they were
often targets of the Church. Philosophically, it was more
difficult to make sense of the great Murshid's decision.
Many of the infidel practices seemed anathema and their
way of life backward. Many European sorcerers who
counted themselves mathematicians had no concept of
the number zero. Were it not for the Ahl-i-Batin,
Concordia would most likely have been built without an

aqueduct. Only recently has Ali realized that the S
Ones are allying with the foreign magi for what they can
offer to the infidels rather than vice versa.

Appearance: Ali's beguiling golden eyes dominate
his otherwise dark features. His clothing is conservative
and designed to help him blend in with those of other
cultures. Only in ritual does he dress in the finery of his
homeland. The magi's smooth gestures and magnetic
voice combine to create a hypnotic effect that most find
to be ingratiating.

Roleplaying Hints: Although there is an edge of
formality in your dealings with mages outside your Tra-
dition, you are committed to creating unity amongst all
will-workers. There is a drama to your words that makes
even the driest of topics exciting. The air of exotic
mystery you exude is entirely unconscious.

wanderers who primarily populated the northern regions
of China. During his travels with his family, he witnessed
wonders as well as horrors. The intricate beauty of
isolated temples and carvings from the finest of jade
affected him as profoundly as the ruins left in the wake
of recent battles. The impression these sights made on
his youthful mind led him to seek the ways of inner
peace, while training his body to steely perfection. The
story he tells of his Awakening is that a giant blue water
snake came to him one night as he sat before the river
meditating. The snake spoke to him of his future and
showed him images in the water's depths. He came away
from his prayers that night with his eyes opened to the @


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS =

path before him. Wu Jin has since become a master of Do
and beloved of his students, all of whom he instructs with
a cheery affection.
Wu Jin believes that each of the Akashic brothers
(and sisters) is responsible for his or her own destiny, as
ultimately is every human being. But Wu Jin also knows
| that wisdom and knowledge can be the path to the most
perfect destiny. He views Horizon as an important spoke

on the wheel of the universe. He rarely volunteers opin-
ions, but when asked for one, he cuts to the heart of the
matter. He feels that allegories are fine for young stu-
dents who need to be taught to think, but that clarity
serves all best in communicating ideas.

Appearance: Wu Jin is of average height and solidly
built. He appears younger than one might expect of an
Akashic master with his strong face only singed by
wrinkles and with his black mustache. His demeanor is
fierce but frightens only the ignorant or the very young,
or those with whom he is engaged in battle. He has
en his head and dresses primarily in loose silks.

Roleplaying Hints: Observe carefully all that tran-
spires. Convey an air of watchful good humor. When
asked for an opinion, offer it directly and with little
preamble, but without rancor. If your personal history is
discussed, refer to it with quiet pride.

Chalech, Primus of the Chakravanti

Background: Born amidst famine, Chalech grew up
with sickness and death in his village and family. The
famine eventually abated, but the youth was perma-
nently marked by the tragedies of his childhood. Strangers
* seemed uncomfortable around him, though none could

precisely name the source of their ill ease.

Chalech eventually left his home with his goals
indefinite. In his wanderings, a gang of brigands am-
bushed hii. Finding nothing of value on him, the thugs
attempted to drown him in a nearby river. Ashe hovered
closer to death than life, the Awakening mage was
escorted through a vision of the chaotic forces of nature.
He saw the hidden side of the Cycle of Life and Death,
the purification of Oblivion and the method of the
\, Return. Chalech recovered already in the care of a
\\\\ Chakravanti Cabal. He has never asked whether those
fellow death-mages merely foresaw or instigated the

bandits' attack, but he believes the latter is more likely.

Perhaps the most notable accomplishment in the life
of Paramaguru Chalech is his instrumental role in uniting
the numerous and far-flung death-mystery sects into a
single Tradition. Although it was Sirdar Rustam who
organized the First Samashti, Chalech's presence pre-
vented the meeting from degenerating into chaos and
distrust. He was the guide who led the great and subtle rite
that bound them into a cohesive group.

In Horizon, it is said that Chalech's insight justifies
the tension that results from the presence of the
Chakravanti. The Archmage understands the growth
and decay processes of both individuals and groups to an
astounding, almost godlike degree. For every trial that
the Mage who pioneered Horizon faced, a thousand more
were deftly avoided by the Ancient's foresight.

As Primus, Chalech is the first to hold supreme
power over the Tradition. However, many Chakravanti
watch him carefully. Should the Paramaguru show ex-
cessive hubris or turn on the Tradition he leads, other
death-magi stand ready to correct the situation with the
good death.

Appearance: Chalech's dark but animated features
are deeply lined. His aquiline nose and depthless eyes
occasionally reflect kindness or humor but are more
often mysterious. The darkly vibrant robes that the
Paramaguru prefers lend a small measure of life to his
skeletal visage. His long years of working closely with the
ways of death and transition have imparted to him Jhor,
also called the Death-Taint. Chalech, however, does not
move like an old man. His gestures are swift and assured,
without hint of palsy. His grip is firm and his voice
melodious and vital.

Roleplaying Hints: State your viewpoints simply but
firmly. Do not flinch from hard truths. You take pleasure in
simple things, but your unearthly wisdom makes itself
known in subtle ways even to the blindest eye. The serenity
of death resonates homogeneously throughout everything

in your proximity.

CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
OF NINE

Cin

Valovan of the Celestial Chorus

Background: Valoran came to the Celestial Chorus
many years after the Mercy Schism — the event that tore
the Choristers from the bosom of the Church. But that
event, and his own understanding of it affected Valoran's
dealing with his own sect. He realized that there were
many ways to lend a greater glory to the One, and that a
variety of voices created a richer harmony. Valoran is
more open-minded than most of his fellows, and he
presents this viewpoint to the other Choristers with
varying degrees of success. Many find his ideas strange;
some believe that he has been corrupted by the pagans
and shamans and has become a heretic. Valoran prays
that other members of his Tradition expand their out-
look based on his example. To this end, he is a staunch
supporter of Horizon, even though as a whole, his Tradi-
tion is not. He feels that the only way the Chorus will not
become archaic and useless is through regular contact
with the others.

Appearance: Valoran wears the robes of a priest and
the mien of ascholar. A book of some type of lore is rarely
far from his reach. In his youthful days, he adored riding,
and he still dons riding gear. He is tall compared to his
brethren and carries himself with a bearing that speaks of
a noble birth.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak with quiet determina-
tion. Those whose minds are closed frustrate you. Show
great concern for the future and the Celestial Chorus'
place in it.

Star-of-Eagles and Niaoba
of the Dreamspeakers

Background: Before Horizon was born, Star-of-
Eagles and Niaoba were brought together through the

Iwa. Through their seeking, they realized that their souls
were connected. When the call came from Nightshade of
Verbena to join the Council of Nine, they both knew
they were drawn together for a larger purpose.
Appearance: Star-of-Eagles possesses the proud bear-
ing and introspective calm of a much older shaman. He 4
wears his black hair tied with a woven thong in a single
plait down his back. He is slow to smile, but his smile is
infectious. Niaoba is beautiful and elegant, her body
untouched by flesh-shaping rituals. She wears her hair
unexpectedly short and favors soft tunics in rich colors.
When these two are together, the love between them is
self-evident.

Roleplaying Hints: United to build Horizon, these
two are rarely separated. One completes the other, and

of the uniting of many people and its importance in the |
face of the coming storm. Display gestures of affection to {|
your partner unashamedly

what one lacks, the other has to spare. Speak hopefully 7/7

CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

Baldvic La Salle bani Quaesitor,
representative of the Order of Hermes

Background:
before his arrival at Doissetep. He was the child of
consors to the noted Hermetic researcher $

‘ew know anything of Baldric's youth

Ivain

Lorilleux bani Boniassus. His early childhood was rela-
tively idyllic, as Sylvain's remote and fantastic Realm
proved to be a safe haven from the cruelties of earthly
life. Though aghast at his fellow Hermetics' arrogance

regarding mages outside the Order, the young Mage
diplomatic enough not to mention his own egalitarian
beliefs. He grew to mastery but remained in obscurity.

as

In the wake of Order of Reason attacks, Baldric put
forth a proposal before the Judicium Hermes. It asked for
leave to seek allies outside the House of Hermes. Doubt-
ing much would come of it, the Judicium agreed and gave
Baldric narrow parameters in which he could negotiate.

After facing many dire perils both temporal and
\ infernal, Baldric found success, convening the first
\\ Mistridge Tribunal. In this, the Hermetic leaders saw a
chance to expand their power base. Thus, they gave the
magus full representative authority over the Order.

Though many Hermetics still think that other mages
should be subsumed into House ex Miscellania, Baldric is
having a small measure of progress in getting the Order to
agree to an egalitarian structure between Traditions. Fortu-
nately, Baldric finds negotiations with the other Primi to be
less difficult. Their philosophies may be diverse, but they
share a dream. Though not the greatest of Mages on the

nascent Council of Nine, Baldric is committed to creating PYM

and preserving the Traditions legacy.
Appearance: Baldric has a delicate, elfin face. His
dark red hair is white at the temples.

in his goatee and mus

eral errant hairs

che have gone snowy as well. The
Magister wears white ceremonial robes with gold trim,

adorned with a stylized golden sun on the chest

Roleplaying Hints: You are an idealist. And now
that your dream is within your grasp, you have become
more driven. This fire can be seen in your infectious
charm. Your impeccable tact serves you with a readiness
. You are unflappable in the face of

equal to your magi
adversity. This determination and spirit has a way of
shaming or inspiring others to similar virtues.

Sh'zar of the Seers of Chronos :

Background: Sh'zar embodies all that the Seers
hold sacred and all that the other Traditions find fright) \S
ening about them. He is a master of prophecy and
seduction and is said to have honed his talents over y
lifetimes. Despite his wild veneer, Sh'zar is a dedicated
man of peace. When charisma and charm do not work
their own magick, he uses the spells of a hookah and YA
exotic smokes. By the end of his counseling, bitter
enemies often emerge as friends, with their differences
dispersed in herbal fumes. His charms are not as effective
with the Council, who view the Seers with suspicion

Sh'zar has been with the Seers for many years. Before
Awakening, he became fascinated with the legends of :
Shiva and Kali, passion and chaos. He explored the

truths embodied therein, plunging into the pursuits for

CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
OF NINE

$| which the Seers are known. In the midst of his indul-

gences, he Awakened.

Sh'zar is well-known for his three familiars and
guards. Adamu is a fiery hawk, Ka'bah and Kadishtu are
two large and ornate male peacocks. They accompany
Sh'zar everywhere, and they have been known to assist
him in rescues. He hada vision of the threat posed by the
Order of Reason. That prophecy inspired him to make
other magi aware of the coming trials, and of the impor-
tance of uniting.

Appearance: Sh'zar is a honey-skinned man of 30.
That is his current appearance. He shapes his flesh and
changes his appearance at a whim. He has flowing dark
hair and dresses in fine draping robes. He is aware of the
Seers' reputation and tends to play up to it stylistically.
He desires that everyone become aware of the beauty
within.

Roleplaying Hints: Be charming and aware of your
audience's needs. Make each person you are speaking to
feel like she is the most important one you could be
spending your time with. Always try to steer your listen-
ersto the most harmonious solution to any disagreement.

Diplomat Luis ¥ €stes of the Solificati

Background: Luis d'E:
"diplomat." While most Solif
gantand dismissive, Luis projects an air of quiet assurance

truly deserves the title
cati are perceived as arro-

and self-confidence. If asked about a magickal proce-
dure, Luis explains it with care and patience.

Luis is descended from a regal background; his fore-
fathers were Spanish lords. He reaped the benefits of a
gentle upbringing and a formal education. Luis became
fascinated with chemical compounds and with legendary
and magickal uses of such combinations — in short,
alchemy. He had heard that these alchemists could be
located through a diligent search, and so as he ap-
proached adulthood, he left on his quest. Luis searched
for two years, following leads and weathering disappoint-

ment. He found Javier Ballesteros, who was the chemist
of a small village in the south but also a member of the
White Lion Guild. Through persuasion and the comple-
tion of several "trials," Luis convinced Javier to accept
him as a student. For many years, Luis learned and was
determined to know the true secrets of transmogrification.

After 10 years of devoted study, of transcribing texts
and learning symbols, Luis was brought into the secret
fellowship of the White Lion Guild. He watched the
formation of the Order of Reason and raised his voice in
protest when they began to place constraints on the
members of their Order. The Crowned Ones, he stated,
were more than featureless peasants in a hierarchy. The
alchemists agreed and left the Order.

Luis had learned the value of uniting for the ex-
change of knowledge and the coalition of resources, and
he was able to impress these ideas on his fellows. The
united magi became the Solificati.

Appearance: Luis has the style and bearing of a
Spanish lord of the era. In Council, he attends formally
dressed, bearing his family's crest on his vest or coat. He
is well-groomed and very much an elder statesman. In his
laboratory, he wears older clothes that allow him to

work, spill, and not concern himself over any mess that
might occur. The mean clothes do not hamper his dig-
nity, however.

Roleplaying Hints: You are no less arrogant than
your fellows, but far more discreet in displaying it. When
addressing a problem, if the answer is obvious, carefully
guide those around you toward that same solution.

Nightshade of the Verbena

Background: Nightshade didn't come to the Ver-
bena, she was born to them. Her mother and her mother's /
mother were wise women, midwives, and herbal healers.
In the days before the Christian monotheists taught
hatred and fear of women, they were the ones the villag-
ers came to for medicine, advice, wisdom and comfort.
They were unfettered by the mores of others and ran wild
beneath the moon! Nightshade grew up with these free-
doms — her mother was a Bacchante, who tasted her
lovers' flesh and left them bleeding in the dawn chill
Nightshade was born of such a union, and the magick ran
thick in her blood.


CASTLES = {<
AND
COVENANTS =

s maiden under the moon,
and her grandmother prophesied a rich, but difficult,
future. She saw a palace and she knew that Nightshade
would help bring the vision to fruition.

Nightshade was initiated a

Nightshade, along with her deceased lifemate Wil-
liam Groth, was one of the first magi to share in the
dream of Horizon. She heard Sh'zar of the Seers speak of
the coming threat of the Order of Reason and knew the
truth of his fears. Nightshade and Groth met with Valoran
* of the Celestial Chorus and Baldric of the Order of
Hermes. Though the three were not natural allies, all
recognized that the trials looming in the future were
more important than their differences.

Nightshade and Groth becz
Rite and established a core sect of Verbena. Once their

ame joined in a Great

marriage rite was complete, they resolved to find other
magi of different paths and invite them to the building of
Horizon. Groth traveled east and encountered the
Akashic Brotherhood, but he met his end before he
XQ |], could return. Nightshade traveled west, discovering the
\|\\ Dreamspeakers, whose ties to nature were close to her
iY }) own, It was her encouragement that resulted in Star-of-
(2) y Eagles traveling to meet with the Council.
& Y Appearance: Nightshade's beauty is wild and un-
tamed, not the carefully groomed artifice of courtly
ladies or the simple comeliness of village maidens. Her

hair falls free and unbound, and her expressions are
without guile. In Council Chambers, she wears dresses
with intricate hand embroidery.

Roleplaying Hints: Show careful respect for the

beliefs of others, but do not tolerate any disrespect they |

give to yours. Afterall, your gods pre-date theirs, and your
ways are as old as humanity. Take joy in your rituals and
your magick. Believe in the importance of peace, but not
at the expense of freedom.

Conflictin Paradise

In the beginning, almost no one believed that Hori-
zon could ever be. Most of the magi eyed each other with
suspicion, the hatred born of fear of the strangeness of
those from other lands. The scholarly Hermetics refused
to work with the Dreamspeakers, whom the Order con-
sidered to be unschooled and savage

Yet the magi knew that something had to be done; a
pact of some kind had to be formed, or they would all fall
to the Order of Reason. The birth of Horizon was an act
of desperation on the part of most of its supporters, as
much as an act of vision on the part of a few

The magi began to build Horizon. Altercations broke

out regularly over minor differences and long-held grudges.

The Primi did their best to dissuade the instigators of these
skirmishes, but many of the reasons behind the fights ran
deep.

The Primi's method of control was a hierarchy that
involved small select circles of adepts dedicated to each
Primus. The individuals who made up these circles were
chosen based on their obedience to their Primus and on
their ability to think beyond the limits of their experi-
ences. Once selected, the devotees were charged with
the task of keeping the pea
behavior for others within the newly born Realm. The
method we
the acolytes' education in the practical matters of state-
craft for magi.

» and setting an example of

successful in quelling fights and furthered

The Primi and their followers made stirring, heart-
felt speeches about the necessity of uniting all the magi,
and the importance of Horizon for their continued sur-
vival. Leaders stressed that the real enemy was the Order
of Reason, not fellow magi, regardless of any other
differences. Some magi who stood in objection were
converted by the most moving of the speeches, especially
those of Sh'zar the Seer.

The most damaging opposition to Horizon came
from those who worked quietly within the Primi's trusted
ranks. These betrayers thought of themselves as loyal to
their sects and truly believed that Horizon who bring
them doom and disgrace or corruption. This utter con-
viction made these traitors dangerous, as they act with
the certainty of the rightness of their actions.


CHAPTER III:
THE COUNCIL
OF NINE —

Mariano Rossini was one such man. He came to the
Celestial Chorus after many years of service to the
priesthood. His devotion to God was undisputed and he
firmly believed his gifts were the result of the depth of his
piety. He became Valoran's most trusted aide and confi-
dante.

Mariano did not understand the Chorus' excommu-
nication from the main body of the Church. He could
not see the greater good in such an action and perceived
this rejection as an affront to his dedication. Valoran's
mad scheme of uniting with heathens and witches was an
even greater insult. He began to believe that Valoran
had been possessed or seduced by pagan ways and that
the Chorus would become tainted if they followed the
Primus' course of action. If the Celestial Chorus became
corrupt, the Church would never reinstate them, and
Mariano's faith would have been in vain.

When tragedy began to plague Horizon, Mariano
was secretly, sinfully joyous. Yet each tragic event seemed
to deepen the other magi's determination to complete
this blasphemous work they had undertaken. Mariano
could stand no more.

It was he who revealed the secrets of Horizon to the
Order of Reason prior to the attack in 1454. He felt that
if Horizon and all that it represented were destroyed, the

purity of the Celestial Chorus would be restored. He
would be their new leader. Or if he fell, then he would be
a martyr.

Ultimately, the order of Reason's attack failed, and
the dream of Horizon grew stronger.

Mariano withdrew in disappointment and fear of
discovery. He suffered a profound crisis of faith and
confessed his betrayal to Valoran. Rather than making
the matter worse by bringing public scorn and distrust on
the Chorus, Valoran handled the punishment quietly by
exiling Mariano, sentencing him to remain alone with
his search for God.

The adepts of all of the paths were overwhelmed with
the task of Horizon. Though they all longed for the peace,
few could agree on how that should best be accomplished.
The Primi struggled to give the bickering factions common
ground to work toward, but long-held fears of strangers'
ways conflicted with the enlightenment the adepts-masters
aspired to encourage.

It took tragedy to overcome the fears with which
most of the magi viewed their fellows. Solidarity be-
tween the groups increased and hostilities decreased, as
Horizon's true foes, the Umbrood and the Daedaleans,
launched attacks. Thus, it was through adversity that
Horizon finally united.

ev

ff



CHAPTER IV:
INDEPENDENT
COVENANTS

CO

Che Lickspittle Players:
A Seast of Sools

e've got magic to do just for you
We'
We've got parts to perform, hearts to warm

e got miracle plays to play

Kings and things to take by storm

As we go along our way

— "Magic to Do," Pippin

Good evening, good gentles, and thank you for pausing
along your way to listen to the tale presented by our humble
troupe, the Lickspittle Players

We hope, as ever, that our little play has brought a smile
to your lips, a tear to your eye, and given you pause to think
For the story continues on, my friends, long after the curtain
has fallen and our little band is but a memory from seasons
past among you and yours

And thank you, good wife, your generosity is appreciated by
each of us humble Players more than you may ever know

A Player's Lot

Few people in Europe have the freedom — or the
occasion — to travel as much as Players do. Without being
tied down toashop, a household or a plot of land, they come
and go from town to town as the spirit moves them,
sometimes remaining in a hospitable town for a season,
sometimes departing before dawn's light graces the road.
Their visits are anticipated by local folk, who come as much
to hear news and tales of far away places as they do to see
whatever piece the Players are presenting that day.

But such freedom does not come without a price.
Traveling Players are looked on by many as lower than
dogs on the social ladder. At least a dog knows its place
and remains loyal to its master. For every hearth that
welcomes their merry music and cautionary tales, a
dozen more chase them out with broomsticks and
switches. They are accused of being plague carriers,
brigands, layabouts who tempt good Christian souls to

115 =


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

vice and sin. In some areas, parents shoo their children
inside when the caravan's bells and fifes are heard in the
distance... though when they do, their children sneak
out the back window to see what all the uproar is about.

Like other traveling troupes, the Lickspittle Players
are a motley group of misfits and outcasts, whose talent
alone marks them as different from their fellow laborers
even if they did not share a common gift for magick.
Their talents range from music and dance to carpentry
and textiles, and together they form a nearly self-suffi-
cient community. Magickally, they run the gamut from
Verbena to Void Explorer, and Solificati to Seer of
Chronos, yet somehow, a common purpose has brought
them together when others in loftier climes have failed.

History

The Players began in England some years ago. The
number of seasons that have come and gone since then
has never seemed significant enough to bother record-
ing. The troupe first came together as part of the Harvest

Festival in Bath, when various trade guilds each put
together a short sketch for the entertainment of their
fellows. The majority of the tales were Biblical in nature
and owed much to the medieval tradition of "morality"
plays. In those days, Malcholm was the organizational
force behind the group.

Only Malcholm and Anne remain of the original
troupe of five. Alain was an enthusiastic member of the
audience and later joined as a full-fledged member.
Bernard insists that the changing faces are one of the

InTime of Plaque

The plagues history records are not the only
ones to claim lives across the face of Europe.
While these are in many cases the most virulent
and were responsible for the deaths of entire
villages, disease is always with the people of the
15th century. When disease sweeps across the
continent, public gatherings of all sorts are viewed
as potential places where the malady may spread
from one person to the next. For this reason,
during times of plague, most cities ban public
performances from Players and are strict in en-
forcing this rule.

During times such as these, the Players some-
times try to outrun news of the plague and settle in
anarea that has not yet been stricken. For as much
as Anne and others would like to stay and tend to
the afflicted, the Players know that no one wants
to host a motley band such as theirs if they were to
find out they had just been in a plague village.


CHAPTER IV:
INDEPENDENT
= 1 COVENANTS

PA troupe's greatest strengths, for it is through interaction
$7\|| with new people and perspectives that Players and audi-
ences are best able to learn and grow.

Whither WanderWe?

Like other traveling folk, the Players' route is largely
seasonal. In the summer, they can be found as far north
as Britain and the low countries, while with the coming
frost, they turn their wagons south to the Mediterranean
and milder climes.

Despite the fact that the majority of the members of
the Players are native to England, their travels have
taken them to the furthest corners of Europe. Now and
again a country lord or especially progressive noble in
town invites the Players into the courtyard to perform for
the local nobility, but for the most part, their audiences
consist of laboring folk, craftsmen and merchants.

The Play Is the Thing

The Lickspittle Players draw on a wide range of tradi-
tions, as befits their varied backgrounds and interests. They
are familiar with the old medieval morality plays, in which

an allegorical tale instructs the audience on the particulars
of the "correct" way of thinking and living. Depending on
who among the Players is determining the evening's fare,
these sometimes stray into subversive matter.

Their most popular plays are those inspired by the
Italian comedia, in which stock characters representing
archetypes such as the dashing young lover or the cuck-

olded old man enact comedies of situation and character
that leave their audiences gasping for breath with merri-
ment. Even when the audience does not speak the same
language, the physical comedy and familiar situations
make these sketches universal.

Home ls Where the Heart Is

The Players typically travel in three wagons, some-
times supplemented by one or two carts, depending how
many people are in the group at the time.

t

The wagons are essentially boxes on wheels, with
sheets of elaborately painted canvas tied down at each
corner. From time to time, the Players paint over the old
scenes to depict new settings for their plays — the
ramparts of a castle, a peasant's hovel, a rocky seacoast or
a forest glen. When on the road, wagons carry all the
Players' belongings and supplies.

The Horses

To the Players, the troupe's horses are as much (or
more) a part of the group than the human members.
Anne's natural affinity with the beasts has kept them

calm even when traveling through chaotic markets on
their travels — and when they have occasionally been
witness to events beyond the ken of most mortals. y
The beasts always get first drink when the Pla
come to an inn or a stream, for the troupe knows that
without healthy horses, their traveling days would be t

over. One of the horses, an ancient nut-brown stallion
named Jarvis, has somewhat more rarefied tastes — he \\
refuses to drink water unless truly parched, preferring red
wine over mountain-stream water any day.

Dramatis Personae
Malcholm

Background: Although his parents were highland-
born, Malcholm lived all his life south of Hadrian's Wall.
Entering monastic life at 16, Malcholm was a cleric in
the cloister at York for much of his adult life. When, at
32, he was informed that he had inherited a small shop
from an uncle in Bath, he took it asa sign that it was time
to put aside the monk's habit and rejoin the world. As
much as it pained him to leave behind the life of God,
which was the only life he had ever known until then, he
heard the voice of an angel calling him onward, to
embrace the life he had left behind asa youth. Malcholm
continued to do the work of the Lord, but among the
Lord's people and not shut away from the world.

He sought to learn all he could of the world, and he
found that the Lord does indeed work in mysterious ways.

Image: Hale and hearty at 53, his steel-gray hair and
green eyes convey the perfect combination of world-
weary experience and fatherly affection toward his fellow


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

Roleplaying Hints: You've seen it all before, but you
never tire of it. The world presents a thousand challenges
to faith undreamed of in the world of the cloister, but you
meet each new challenge with the full force of your faith
behind you. You abide things that some insist are un-
Christian, but from what you have seen of the world, God
trusts his singers to act according to the dictates of their
so long as you are following the song of
praise resounding in their hearts.

conscience

Quote: "It's a new world we are living in today, my

friends...with new challenges and new dangers."

Bernard Solificati

Background: Alchemy is the process of refinement
through which one transforms what is base into what is
most valuable. And so it is with the spirit. One would not
expect base metal to turn to gold without any outside
influence, and so it is with the mortal soul. In order to
understand oneself, one must understand each indi-
vidual facet. Through the art of performance, Bernard
seeks to refine and perfect each element of personality,
to better understand himself and the world around him.
Bernard's,training‘among the Solificati-has served him
well, and each day he finds new applications for what he
humbly refers to as "the alchemy of self."

Image: A man of medium build in his early 30s,
Bernard is a canvas 6n which any persona may be painted.
He is handsome, but not so handsome that-he
portray a leprous beggar believably. His hair is medium

cannot

brown and shoulder-length and is a near-perfect match
in color for eyes that can appear warm and mild or dark
and flashing, depending on his mood.

Roleplaying Hin

: You can be all things to all

wy,
Vy
Vom

yourself sometimes clouds your understanding of others, and
you know this to be your greatest flaw. Though youare easily
distracted, you seek to overcome your mercurial nature and
learn to identify and understand those aspects of others that
are like — and different from — yourself.

Quote: "You do me great honor to offer such kind
words But my performance was flawed this evening, sir, and
I cannot accept such accolades in good conscience. Return
tomorrow, and perhaps the spirit of the work will find good
seat within me then."

Alain

Background: Born the son of a dairy farmer in the
Channel Islands, Alain first saw the Players at a festival
in England when he was 17. Enchanted, he thought of

nothing else until the following autumn when he made
the decision to leave home in the hopes that he might
apprentice himself to the Players.

Though he is not a will-worker like his fellow Players,
Alain understands more of their struggle and is committed,
despite the fact that he does not share their gift.

Image: His fair locks reach down to his shoulders,
and his slender frame sometimes seems too fragile to
withstand the hard life of a traveling Player. Though no
longer a youth, he has retained an optimistic view of the
world that sets him apart from his traveling companions.

Roleplaying Hints: Your wide-eyed enthusiasm is
mistaken for naiveté by some, and you'll admit that
sometimes you speak without thinking. Even so, you
know full well that sometimes learning from one's mis-

takes can be the best way to learn.
Quote: "Did you really like it? I've always been inspired by
tales of romance, too... they speak to the best parts of each of us."


CHAPTER IV:
INDEPENDENT
COVENANTS

Karl Gertzwein

Background: The son of a sea captain from the
Baltic coast, Karl Gertzwein has always been fascinated
by each new story he hears. Tales of lands across the sea
enchant him, but no more than tales that take place just

1} 41} down the road.

i After a brief apprenticeship period as an Explorator
if of the Order of the Grail, Karl set out to make his own
way. He crossed paths with the Players in Nice and found

in them kindred spirits and a new purpose for his life.

Karl seeks to learn the tales of all people. He is an
explorer of the mortal imagination, chronicling those
things that don't show their face when grownups are
around. A charismatic man and an astute scholar, Karl
has become the playwright of the group after joining up
with them several years ago. While he does not presume
to set down lines for the other, he defines the tales they
tell.

Image: With dark hair falling in careless waves
across a furrowed brow, Karl is often cast in the role of the
melancholy lover — or the villain. His strong voice and
athletic build give him a commanding presence that has

caused more than one young lass' heart to flutter.
Roleplaying Hints: Listen first, and take the mea-
sure of your audience. If you know what perspective they

are speaking from, it is simplicity itself to tailor your
speech in such a way that they are more receptive.

Quote: "Indeed. Well, | am certain that a man of your
learning and stature will not hesitate to demonstrate that the
generosity of your heart is matched by that of your purse. Is
that not so?"

Gulia

Background: Born in a brothel not far from the
shadow of the Vatican, Gulia Awakened young and
began a journey of self discovery that took her from the
Barbary Coast to the highlands of Scotland. She is a
masterful musician and dancer, with her beauty marred
only by a milky film covering her right eye. As a child,
her mother believed she was blind. She has trouble
seeing in dim light and at long distances. But her dimin-
ished sight in the mortal world seems to have strengthened

her sight into the invisible world.
Gulia uncovered her gifts for magick under the
tutelage of an elderly gentleman in Florence who intro-

duced her to the Seers of Chronos. Some years later, she
met up with the Players in Venice, where her quick wit
and charm managed to get Karl out of trouble with the
local constabulary.

Image: With her olive-toned skin and black hair, it
is not hard to believe that Gulia's grandsire may well
have been Romani, as she often states. Whether worn
back in a loose braid or with curls flying free in the
autumn breeze, her hair is her most prominent feature,
even more so than her eye. Her manner is open and she
walks with a comfortable grace and a lilt to her step.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quick to smile — for so
much in life amuses you. Whether it's the innocence of
the young or the folly of those who fancy themselves
wise, there is a great deal to smile about.

Quote: "I could read your palm and tell you much of
and your future. But instead, why don't you tell
me? You are the architect of your own destiny, after all."

your past

CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

Background: A delicate beauty hailing from the
Sussex coast of England, Anne always had a natural
affinity for dealing with other people. Her gentle manner
and soft, low voice puts others at ease instantly. Should
she ever decide to put the life of a traveling Player aside,
she will have her pick of suitors.

She observes the change in seasons with a reverence
seldom seen outside the cloister, yet she takes pride in
her resolve to not engage in carnal pleasures, for while
~ she knows that such things are a part of the natural cycle,
she also knows that the time has not come for her to tread
that path.

Image: The fairest of the fair, Anne's alabaster skin
and delicate golden hair make her a natural to play the
company's ingenue roles. Her hazel eyes bespeak more
wisdom than her slight frame indicates. Her compassion

for others often comes as a surprise to those who expect
such a beauty to be as distant as she is fair.

Roleplaying Hints: Although you play the inno-
\\ cent, you have seen more of the world than you care to
remember at times. You've kissed more often in the
course of a play than outside the glare of the footlights,
but you know that when the time is right, a husband will
present himself, for such is the way of the world.

Quote: "We all have troubles from time to time. To-
night, for a moment at least, leave your cares behind and be
merry!"

Politics

Unlike most traditional Covenants, there is little
overt strife among the Players. They are each here for
reasons of their own, and when the time comes to move
on and away from the group, they will do so. There are no
great secrets that the group has vowed to protect, so as
long as former companions don't report the Players as
being a coven of witches, no one cares.

They do, of course, have philosophical differences.
Anytime will-workers of such disparate backgrounds come
together, one should expect some disagreement. They each
seek their own path, and so long as no one impedes their
progress, they may all continue to work in harmony.

Characters may encounter the Players. Given their
transient nature, they may bring news from a nearby
Cray or a covenant halfway across the continent.

Inaddition to being the bearers of news both magickal
and mundane from the four corners of Europe and be-
yond, the Lickspittle Players have helped more than one
confused young person to realize that there are indeed
others like them out there. While they don't want to pick
up hangers-on in each village, the Players do their best
to direct the newly Awakened to like-minded tutors in
their area.

As transients, the troupe makes a likely target for
would-be witchhunters, as well as simply overzealous moral-
ists. As radicals who occasionally plant a seed of discontent
in the minds of local youths, they are sometimes the target
of the authorities' wrath. Each of the Players may have
friends or foes in any given city or hamlet, and the repercus-
sions may be felt by the entire group.

The Magnus

he Magnus (properly, the Saint Magnus),
is a small, single-masted sailing vessel
found in the harbors of Orkney, Shet-
land, Iceland, or Norway. The people
of those parts know it as a wandering
trader and accept it as such, although
the wise among them consider its captain mad for sailing
in all weather in such a small craft.

In fact, Olave Kethrisson is an Awakened Void
Seeker, as are three of his men. Their strange and diverse
arts ensure that their craft is far more robust than it
appears. The other eight of those aboard are Brethren.
All share the Void Seeker dream of questing and cour-
age. Their ship is a lodge of the Convention.


CHAPTER IV:
INDEPENDENT
COVENANTS

orgive me, Father, for I have sinned."
The priest nodded slowly at the all-too-
14 paa| familiar phrase. Incense hung heavily in the
fefl| small confessional, but he still smelled the
rank odors that clung to the peasant on the
other side of the mesh screen.

"What have you done, my son?" he asked, wrinkling his nose.

"T have seen what | should not, heard what I need not,
and taken what I ought not, father."

Tt was the code Bishop Felipe had told him to wait for. His
breathing quickened. But from this peasant? The priest
leaned forward, trying to see the confessor through the screen
as he continued with the scripted response

carefully. His heartbeat pulsed loudly in his ears.

"I need guidance, for I fear I will do the same again."

The priest swallowed, licking dry lips. He reached into
his robe and produced a small leather book, sliding it through
the narrow opening in the screen.

"Read, and be illuminated," his voice trembled. He
could make out nothing of the man's face, for he wore a hood
that hid his features. The Bishop wouldn't be pleased

He heard the book open. Pages fluttered, and a bag of coins
clinked. The tome, now emptied, slid back through the mesh

"think I have gained all the illumination | am due , Father."

The priest made a quick sign of the cross, hoping the ~
absolution applied to him as well. "Then. .. gowith God, my son."

The confessional door opened, and the priest felt the
breeze from the man's departure. Tonight, a Florentine
merchant would die at the Bishop's behest, and the silver for
the deed had passed through the priest's own hands in a hollow
Bible. And none was closer to identifying the men that knew
too much to live... or to die.

The confessional opened again, and another sinner en-
tered. "Forgive me, Father..."

CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

ij
i

" yp,

> J
c Yi y,

ACower of the Times

In the 15th century, Florence blazes with the cul-

tural fire of the Renaissance. The Italian city-state births
| some of the finest art, architecture and intellectual

thought that Europe has seen since the fall of Rome.
i/ Lead not by despotism but by the rule of an enlightened
Republic, for it is home to the finest banking, trade, and
textile industries to be found. It is the perfect example of
what all Italy and all the world should be
Or so it seems
The "enlightened Republic" is in fact ruled by an
\\)) oligarchy of influential professionals and guilds that are
\\\\, interested more in their individual well-being than the
)\ rights of those below them. The contadini, the land-
)) Ji} owning nobility of the countryside, flock to prosperous

{
y)
\E_ Florence and bring their personal rivalries, turning the

streets into a playground for their vendettas. The famed

Medici bankers engage in bitter feuds with the papacy
and other city-states over Florentine territory. Spies,
assassins and reversals of fortune are the tools of trade in
this struggle for power, and one cannot let cultural
enlightenment or religion stand in the way. Just ask
Machiavelli...he lives here.

fr

ps net anil

ULM Lg V7 -UAMALNAAI DML Ml

4

TR, age

me

MF ey a

il

In this game of dominance, importance lies not only

with keeping power, but with keeping appearances as
well. A contadini who wishes to triumph over her rivals
cannot afford to be implicated in their unfortunate
deaths. So everyone turns to the unknowns — the lone
middlemen who have nothing to lose — who ply their ‘
dark trades to those with enough gold and enough need.
But many of these unknowns are not as unaffiliated as
some might think.

Few have heard of the Tower Nocturna, and those
that have think it is just a myth. But the handful that
truly know of the tower fear it more than petty rivals and
grabs for power.

History

Gionni Lotario de Conte, the father of the Night
Tower, was born the son of a wealthy contadini in the
Italian countryside in 1440. His mother died from the
plague when he was very young, and his father raised him
as an only child. At the age of 13 he Awakened, taught
magick in secret by a small cult of Verbena. They wor
shipped in a secluded glen on his father's estate, hiding
from the eyes of the Church. He never fully subscribed to


CHAPTER IV:
INDEPENDENT
= 1 COVENANTS

their pagan beliefs, but he found their views on life and
death fascinating.

He took control of the family fortune and estate, but
the other nobles circled like vultures around the inexpe-
rienced Lotario. Even his Arts could not help him thwart
the daunting forces set against him. With little political
knowledge and no allies, his family's lands were eaten
away. He set out, as many contadini did, to the promised
riches in the city of Florence.

Lotario eventually found work in a Medici money-
changing house. He lived meagerly for several years
barely eking out his existence. But from the banking
house, he watched the secret games that the nobility
played. He learned the basic rule of their game: Knowl-
edge is power. But, he had little opportunity to find a way
into their feuds and to reinstate himself into his birth-
right as nobility. So the feuds found their way to him.

The Medici, along with their wealth, possessed a
host of enemies. One of those enemies was the Bishop of
Rome. A man from the Vatican approached Lotario with
a proposition. He offered the young magus a tidy sum of
gold for information on the money-changing house and
its Medici owners.

He gave the man no information of true value. The
Church resorted to assassination attempts, managing to
kill one of the Medici leaders during Sunday Mass many
years later. But Lotario's mind had been set in motion.
He saw the power of magick in the game of secrets. He
realized the money and information he could gain by
plying himself as a spy. And he recognized the profound,
deadly power that a grouping of individuals like him
could wield. This could be his chance for revenge.

His reputation as a spy, as well as his pocketbook,
grew rapidly. When he was adept enough with Life
magicks, he altered his appearance constantly to avoid
recognition. He made sure to record every scrap of
information that he gathered, both for and about his
employers.

Lotario also made contacts with other magi and
small cabals that shared his chosen trade. He proposed
his idea — a small, unified Covenant of assassins and
spies. They would never advertise themselves as such, for
their true power would lie in their secrecy. When the
time was right, they would use their information to crush
any contadini who stood in their way.

The magi readily agreed to the plan. Under Lotario's
guiding hand, the Covenant of spies and assassins gath-
ered their funds together and looked for a proper place to
base their operations.

The Covenant christened the place as the Torris
Nocturna, the tower of the Night. Lotario took the title

Dux Nocturnus, and they set about to make their plans
a reality.

The Tower Nocturna does not exclusively employ
magi; however, only magi know of the Covenant's exist-
ence. The Awakened members of the Covenant take
only the duties and assignments of utmost importance, in
which their magicks are most needed. They keep in close
contact with the spies and assassins of Florence, passing
on less important jobs to various sleeper agents. They use
various methods, mundane or magickal, to gain informa-
tion from agents completely unaffiliated with any magi
of the Tower Nocturna.

The tower's power and influence depend heavily on
its secrecy. The Covenant never advertises itself or its
name. The cabal members never claim to be part of a
larger group. Their agents don't have any idea that every
scrap of information they gain is recorded and archived.

The Tower Nocturna has been incredibly successful
in its years of operation. The high demand for its services &
and the care it takes in maintaining its secrecy have
given the Covenant tome upon tome of information on
nearly every noble in Italy. Hardly any of these nobles
could think it possible that a mysterious organization has
compiled all their assassination orders and darkest se-
crets. But the small few who have heard the whispered
name Nocturna, or who know of the tower's agenda, live
in constant fear of the day the Covenant decides to
reveal all.

Many members of the Covenant are already pushing
for that day. The coffers of the tower bulge with the silver
and gold from its exploits, and its libraries fill with pages
of the dealings of Renaissance society. The Dux Nocturna
resists the other magi's demand that the Covenant make
its grab for power, knowing that the tower must move
slowly and secretly. He realizes that they have caught the
attention of other supernaturals and powerful nobles,
and if the Tower Nocturna does not move correctly, the
Covenant may lose everything.

The Childhood Glen

The Tower Nocturna sits in the middle of a lightly
wooded, rolling hill in northwestern Florence, surrounded
by trees and lush countryside. The glen is roughly circu-
lar. The tower has no direct connection to a major road,
with only a small, worn path leading to the highway to
Florence.

The weather is mild, with cool summers. A soft
breeze blows from the nearby Tyrhennian Sea. The
woods that surround the secluded glen are expansive. On
a clear day, manor houses can be seen in the distance,
and at night, the lights of Florence glow softly in the sky.


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

match the tower's true, dark purpose.

Due to no prior knowledge of Lotario, the tower is
built on top of a moderately powerful Cray. The Verbena
cult, now long since gone, worshipped in the glen be-
cause of the Quintessence it provided. This unexpected
windfall adds tremendous power to the small Covenant.
Already more beneficial than Lotario had hoped for, the
glen serves as the perfect hiding place for the Tower
Nocturna.

The Grounds

At Sirst Glance

The tower structure itself is unassuming. Though
built as a defensive fortress, it appears to be a rural
manor keep rather than a military stronghold. The
six stories into the air, with window slits
along its sides, and a battlement on top to watch for

tower reaches

anyone approaching.

The Manor

The manor house is built very much in the typical
Florentine design. Here, various Covenant members

come to read and relax, to play a game of chess or

checkers, or even to pray. The manor house is the first
part of the tower that the rare visitor sees, and it is
designed to be as typical and inconspicuous as possible.
Also, the Covenant likes to have a small portion of the
tower available for relaxation in noble luxury, away
from the demands of work. The manor house is a
welcome change from the dank, darkened atmosphere
of the tower itself.

The Tower

The entrances to the tower are in the back of the
house. Magickal wards attuned to members of the Cov-
enant insure that unwanted visitors never make it further
into the tower. No matter which room in the tower a
person is in, it is damp and cool, even in the summer

months. All the walls are built of the s
\\ pale stone, and the floors are unadorned wooden planks.
Candles and lamps provide some light, but shadows fill
every corner and room.

ame featureless,

The first two above-ground floors are devoted to
training and study. A Renaissance.
nates the first floor, used in the creation of toxins and

tyle laboratory domi-

poisons. The remaining space holds meditation rooms
devoted to teaching the magicks of Mind (one of the
most valuable tools of the tower magi).

The second floor is constructed much like a training
dojo. This floor is used as a physical training facility for

the members of the Covenant and contains the tower's WS

armory.

Floors three, four, and five provide the living quar-
ters for the Covenant. Few cabal members spend more
than a week or two per month actually living in the
tower. The sixth floor and the roof battlement have at
least one servant or Covenant member on watch for
unusual happenings in the surrounding forest. They have
several crossbows and other missile weapons ready in
case anyone tries to attack the tower, which hasn't
happened so far, but the Covenant profession is one that
constantly breeds paranoia.

The Lower Levels

Underneath the tower are two below-ground level
which are the most important areas of the entire struc-

ture. The walls are made of hardened clay, reinforced
with rock and wooden timbers. The air feels drier than in
the tower above, but much more stale. Rats constantly
scurry across the stone floors. No outside light reaches
, and candles and torches
provide the only palest, flickering light.

the depths of the lower levels

The first sublevel contains the infamous library of the
Tower Nocturna. A portion of this room is a library of
al texts, aiding the Covenant members in their

magic
enlightenment. But the rest of the room holds the tomes
of handwritten notes on the information the tower has
gathered.
The lowest level of the tower is the access point for
ery
materials, and ample open space for elaborate magickal
incantations. The magi of the Covenant come from no
single background or tradition, so this level must cater to
the diverse needs and beliefs of its members.

Cabals

The Tower Nocturna Covenant consists of three ca-

the Covenant's Cray. It contains numerous ritual sor

bals. Each cabal is responsible for its own recruitment, and

each oversees a specific aspect of the tower's missions.

The Lords of Nightfall

The Lords of Nightfall cabal, led by
sharing his title, oversees the Covenant as a whole. All

Lotario and

spying and assassination contra
assigned by the Lords. Profits from these contracts are
funneled into the tower's coffers through the cabal. In
addition to controlling the flow of gold and espionage
contracts, the Lords' scribes are responsible for recording

$ are approved and

the information that the Covenant dis

‘overs.

The Lords of Nightfall were fashioned under Lotario's
direct control, binding the other two cabals under its
influence. He knows that many, including Lucien


CHAPTER IV: | By oe

make a grab for power as soon as possible. Lotario realizes
that fear is the only thing that holds these nobles back
from trying to destroy the tower. Once the tower begins
to maneuver into powerful positions, the nobles might
decide that their secrets are not safe, regardless of whether
they attack or not. The Tower Nocturna could not
protect itself against the onslaught of all those who
might oppose it.

Lotario has also discovered another threat. The Ver-
bena cabal that worshipped in the tower's glen has long
since moved on, but a nomadic Garou pack has noticed
the spiritual energy of the area. They see the Cray as a
sacred site, and they abhor the Covenant using (and
polluting) its power. Lotario knows that the tower has
little it can use to satiate or fend off these animalistic

and he wonders if they will move on or
yenant when the time is right.

Gionni Lotario de Conte,
the Dux Nocturna

Background: Lotario snuck out of his bedroom at
night during his childhood, roaming on horseback. The
woods had a strange calling to him, as if some force pulled
him deeper into the forests. He found a small clearing,
and each night he spied on a cult of witches that wor-
shipped there. He watched their odd dances and mystic
rituals. Their celebrations tugged at his heart, and the
feelings awakened the Daemon's voice within him. His

world changed.

The Verbena took the young Lotario and taught him
magick by night, hoping that he could be saved from the
clutches of the Catholic Church. At times, he was

swayed by their beliefs, but ultimately Lotario stayed true
to the Church's teachings and to his father's daily influ-
ence. He hid his new abilities away, not wishing to alarm
his father... or the Church.

When his father died, the world changed again. He
lost his family's lands and wealth to corrupt contadini.
Many pretended to be his friends or allies, only to betray
him at their first opportunity. Others simply took what
they wanted and left Lotario destitute. He fled to Flo-
rence and crafted his plans for the Tower Nocturna.
From then on, he dedicated himself to its realization.

Image: Lotario shows his Italian heritage strongly.
He has dark, well-groomed hair and a long Roman nose.
He wears the height of Italian fashion and carries a rapier
and dagger at his belt. The scent of rich cologne hangs
heavily about him. His face is beginning to show the
deep lines of stress and age, but Life magicks keep Lotario
young and vigorous. His eyes, however, betray his wor-
ries about the Covenant and its uncertain future.

You built it, organized it, and guided ies devedopment to
bring you back what you lost. You must take your power
and prestige back from the very nobles that robbed it
from you. You are patient and careful not to let these
desires overcome your reason. You know the tower must
move methodically and with care. Several of the other
Covenant members don't agree with you, but they don't
know everything that you do. If it takes all the determi-
nation you have, you must hold this Covenant together
to see it attain what you dream.

Quote: "Our time will come, but for now, we must be
content to wait in the darkness."

The Night Hand

The Night Hand cabal is in charge of the assassins of
the Tower Nocturna. Its duty is not to gather informa-
tion, or to spy, or to act as an informant. Its duty is to kill
— as quickly and effectively as possible.

Lucien Meyreaux

Background: Meyreaux is French. He lived in pov-
erty, without a family for much of his childhood. He
survived in the slums of Paris until he was old enough to
work as a deckhand on a sailing ship, and he escaped
France as soon as he was able to get on a trading vessel.

He Awakened and trained under the tutelage of a
Chakravanti, who had booked passage on one of
Meyreaux's ships and noticed the boy's potential. The
Chakravanti took him from his life of poverty and adopted
him, traveling throughout the Mediterranean and teach-
ing him magick.


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

Meyreaux and his mentor eventually parted com-
pany, and the young magus settled down in Florence.
Without many opportunities for employment, he began
operating as an assassin for the nobles of Italy. He, like
many Chakravanti, felt the pull of Jhor, and justified his
actions as removing the worst men from society. But it
was a lie; he killed because bringing death by his own
hand thrilled him.

However, his existence had little higher purpose
until Gionni Lotario de Conte approached him with a
proposal. Meyreaux readily agreed to the idea of the
Tower Covenant and joined Lotario's forces as the leader
of the Night Hand.

However, the tower's progress was never rapid enough
for him. He argued with Lotario, trying to speed up the
Covenant's timetable, but Lotario refused to be swayed
from his own personal plan. Meyreaux, frustrated and
disappointed, began turning to ways of deposing Lotario.

Several assassins could see the plans that were form-
ing in their cabal leader's mind. They approached him
and told him that they had allies who could help Meyreaux

take power. He agreed to their offer, and never red,

even when those allies were revealed to be demons.
Meyreaux is not fully under the sway of the
Infernalists and their masters. He has many plans of his
own and is positioning himself to strike at the unsuspect-
ing Lotario and give the Tower the attention it deserves
Image: Lucien Meyreaux is tall and lean, with a
neatly trimmed mustache and goatee. His eyes con-
stantly dart from side to side, watching intently. He

dresses plainly. He always carries a saber at his belt, and
at least three knives on various parts of his body. He
moves with grace and speed, like a predatory animal |
watching for its next kill.

Roleplaying Hints: Lotario is a fool. He doesn't
understand the power that the Tower Nocturna holds...
but you do. The time for waiting is over. The Covenant
needs to move, to force its way into Italian politics and
carve its own place of control. But you don't have
enough power to remove Lotario yet. You have plans,
though, and as long as you can keep Lotario from discov-
ering them, you will have the Tower Nocturna in the
palm of your hand.

Quote: "Perhaps we can help one another

The Gwilight Whispers

The Twilight Whispers cabal controls the espionage
and spying of the Tower Nocturna. The cabal's ears are
everywhere, and even the slightest whisper of a secret is
remembered and brought back to the Tower.

Isabella Paulini

Background: Isabella Paulini is a native of Florence
and grew up knowing only poverty. She had an innocent
beauty, and her mother forced her into prostitution to
help support her family. Young Isabella hated the smelly,
ugly, drunken men she had to feign lust for, and most of
all, she hated her mother.

A Seer of Chronos became a frequent visitor to
Paulini's room, and he took the nascent magus under his
wing. She despised him, too, for he still seemed the same
as the countless other men she had been with. But he
taught her how to find pleasure in everything. He helped

her to cope with her life, and she stuck to the Seer's
teachings and ideas even after he left her for parts
unknown.

Paulini discovered a way to escape her dismal life.
She had gained a certain notoriety, and her beauty had
grown since her younger days. Men of greater stature and
importance started to visit her. She got many of them to
talk about their businesses and affairs while in the throngs
of her manufactured love, and she sold what she learned
to others.

It was then that Gionni Lotario de Conte found her.
He asked her to join in his Covenant, and she agreed. It
let her escape from her former life as a whore, though it

he wishes to be

was not the freedom she had dreamt of. $

free, even of the bindings of the Covenant, but she never

regrets leaving her earlier life behind


CHAPTER IV:
INDEPENDENT
COVENANTS

a

Image: Despite her early years of prostitution, Paulini
retains much of her beauty
ored hair and brown eyes. She wears elegant dresses and
seldom adorns herself with more than a few pieces of
jewelry. A slight floral fragrance surrounds her, and she
speaks in a smooth, melodic voice.

as long, auburn-col-

Roleplaying Hints: You sometimes abhor yourself.
You are in charge of the spies of the Tower Nocturna, and
many of the eyes under your care act under the guise of
prostitutes. You try to protect them from the ravages that
you suffered, but you feel that you act like your mother,
using young girls to support yourself.

You see the building feud between Lotario and
Meyreaux. You feel a certain obligation for the man that
saved you from your mother. You agree with Meyreaux
that the tower must act sooner rather than later. You will
need to make your choice soon... the coming storm is not
far away.

Quote: "Come my dear, there is time enough for the
worries of the world later."



CHAPTER V:
OTHER PLACES
OF NOTE

Che Benedictine Monastery
of Saint Gregory:
ACragedy of faith

he Monastery of Saint Gregory is a
Benedictine foundation, situated in a
remote valley in the French Alps. It
has stood here for centuries now, and

for most of that time, it has seen noth-

ing but generations of devout monks
in prayer, contemplation and labor — in obedience to
the long-established Rule.

Its present tragedy began a few years ago, when anew
prior was assigned to the place. Father Robertus was
devout and sincere, but a wise observer realizes that he is
prone to the sin of excessive enthusiasm. The Benedictine
Rule enjoins moderation and a balanced life. Robertus
was obsessive, demanding that each part of the day be

spent in precise, vigorous acts of devotion or obedience

He was also deeply concerned with the capacity of the

younger monks for sin and distraction. When he took 4

confession, he spent long periods questioning them about
their impulses toward disobedience. The penances he
imposed were severe.

In a fervid atmosphere of hidden fear and confused

impulse, two youths Awoke — and instantly plunged

into Quiet, dragging the entire monastery with them.

This act in turn may have blasted other monks' Daemons

into insane wakefulness; it is unlikely that removing any Vy

mere minority of the monks restored sanity. Wy
The monastery has become a kind of Maraud ///

Chantry, as well as a monument to obsession. Anyone (i

approaching the place is drawn in. The monks, too,

appear unchanged when first encountered, although

they rarely put back their hoods. The regularity of their

days has been replaced by an arbitrary schedule of


chapel that echoes with discordant chants. The only
work that any perform now takes the form of back-
breaking penitential labor.

\\
\\
WW

The monks themselves all pursue their private ob-
sessions and fears, with frequent flurries of sin filling
their hours. Visitors are assumed to be agents of every
outside force that the monks fear and hate. The influ-
ence of the monastery's psychic aura is liable to lead
many such visitors into at least some of the sins of which
they will be accused. Anyone moving a short distance
from the monastery can find a jagged spire of rock or a
terrifying precipice, and somehow, confrontations occur
in such locations.

And yet, no monk dies — at least, not permanently.
Several brothers are engaged in what they believe is true
necromancy and demonology (although the beings that
called forth this "magic" are constructions of their insan-
<J ity, not true Umbrood). Those not "brought back" by
"magical" activity survive apparent death by extraordi-
nary coincidence, or they are saved by other monks for
their own twisted purposes. Visitors may or may not be
similarly fortunate, depending on the insane (and un-
thinking) whim of their hosts.

The monastery is now riddled with secret passages
and spy-holes, which the monks find instinctively. (In
fact, a brother's secret wish creates such passages.) Visi-
tors become trapped in the brothers' private nightmares
and obsessions with sin and betrayal. Sleepers are doomed
to become part of the chaos, eventually taking up the
robe (perhaps convincing themselves that they can de-
stroy some threat within the place, in response to its
mental influence). Even mages are hard-pressed to fight
its effects. Once drawn in, they might have to work
through to the heart of the mystery — the abbot's cell,
where Father Robertus alternately tortures himself and is
scourged by others.

{_——_ > 9 SSS 1)

The people of the villages around the Monastery
believe that the place was destroyed in a great storm,
which they assume triggered a landslide that swept the
entire building away. Distortions in the landscape have
largely blocked any paths leading to the site, and one or
two persistent visitors simply failed to return. Likewise,
apair of priests sent by the local bishop didn't return, and
the church is inclined to take the villagers' judgment as
the best explanation. Alternatively, magickal Aware-
ness might identify something amiss about this area,
drawing mages into the matter.

CASTLES = am
AND GOY =
COVENANTS =

The Island of
Koraghiss

omewhere out in the Aegean Sea south

EXY3 : .
es eames of Greece, in territory sometimes dis-

84} puted between Christian and Turkish
navies, lies an unusual establishment
— a substantial Disparate Chantry.
The island of Koraghiss is ruled by
independent magi who work carefully to keep it as
neutral ground in the wizard wars.

The Founder

This Chantry was established by Hajji Abu-Umar
Abd-Allah al-Khanan, a Turkish mystick of the Bektashi
order of dervishes. Al-Khanan, whose magick uses an
eclectic blend of dance, sacred Islamic chanting, formal
scholarship that draws on a dozen ancient cultures, and
insight, is a powerful mage who was once approached by
Sh'zar the Seer himself. The Seer had a request that al-
Khanan aid in the foundation of the Council. However,
following days of debate, al-Khanan replied that Sh'zar's
ideas could easily lead to chaos. He later had dealings
with representatives of the Order of Reason and told
them that although he agreed with many of their aims,
he could not support their methods. Because he made it
very clear that he would not oppose them, the Order
made it their policy not to challenge this potent magus
on his home ground.

Al-Khanan's philosophy is that each human being
must find their own path to enlightenment within a
framework of order and just law. He tends to view both
the Council and Daedaleans as prone to arrogance,
which does not mean he won'taid any who seek mystickal
lore or advice. On the contrary, he is a friendly and
outgoing figure, although he is prone to aggravating
indirection (in the way of the most enlightened). His
regard for "good order" is serious, although idiosyncratic
and personal; al Khanan holds that it is wisdom to follow
some rules, however arbitrary, and that submission to the
law of Allah is the highest morality. He is courteous to
followers of other religions, seeing each as a possible path
to enlightenment, but he argues that polytheism and
paganism are dangerously twisting, overgrown paths.


CHAPTER V:
OTHER PLACES
OF NOTE

The 1laad

Koraghiss is a small island. However, it does have a
very adequate spring, and it can grow enough olive trees
and fruit and vegetables to support a small community.
The mages in residence trade for food with larger islands
within a day's sailing time.

Koraghiss is also a useful Cray, albeit subtle and hard
to exploit without careful study. Al-Khanan sometimes
extracts Tass from this source, in the form of ordinary

looking sand from the beach. Identifying what sand to
pick up, and when to do it, seems to demand al-Khanan's
extraordinary insight.

Che Chantry

The inhabitants of the island are all Disparate mages,
s. They

dwell in an assortment of whitewashed cottages, one or

about a dozen of them, of various power |

two of which house substantial laboratories and libraries.
The community changes fairly frequently, as members
are free to come and go as they choose.

Visitors to the island are greeted politely, but they
are not allowed beyond the beach until the Chantry

members have had time to assess them. Applicants for
membership are examined even more carefully (but just
as subtly), and must disavow any ties to the Council or
Daedaleans. Would-be raiders may underestimate the
Chantry fatally (if they are not sensible enough to listen
to widespread rumors in the Awakened world).

Although the community is studious and its mem-
bers address each other as equals, it is dominated by
al-Khanan's philosophy of personal enlightenment, good
order, and detachment. Its members mostly consist of
Disparate magi who wish to avoid the brutal entangle-
ments of magickal conflict, along with some who primarily
wish to learn from al-Khanan or other senior members.
Magick worked by this group can take almost any form —
some members seem to verge on Marauds — but vio-
lently extreme spells are rare, as others of the community
may complain. Individuals seeking to practice major
Forces castings may take small boats off to other, unin-
habited islands.

Plots

Koraghiss can serve many roles in a game. Disparate
characters might come here to learn, or even to join


CASTLES
AND
COVENANTS

permanently, while members of active factions might
seek knowledge (members of the Chantry are usually
willing to trade for their lore), or even aid — although al-
Khanan's policy of neutrality is almost certainly
unshakeable. (The Chantry gives free advice and quiet
assistance against serious. Infernalist threats if asked)
Renegades and old enemies might take shelter here,.at
which point, wise characters are well-advised to'suspend

the feud — although it might be possible to convince the |
Chantry that they are nursing a viper.

The island could be a particularly good stopping-off
place for expeditions heading in to the Ottoman Empire.
Actual magick aside, the Chantry includes members
from East and West, and several are especially knowl-
edgeable about magickal lore and current secret politics
of the Turkish lands.


astles

and

ovenants

ya ee Bs "
c r Nar Nar 4 Po r
Not Storm, Nor Steel, Nor Sorceress Power...
In the Dark Fantastic age, a sorcerer's home is literally his castle. From
the storm-blasted halls of mighty Doissetep, to the craggy reaches of Portus
Crucis, to the ornate majesty of the White Tower of Langudoc, the Awakened
cast their spells, gather their minions and secure their power.

mae z < mie ing ; Py
Shall Breach These Walls While J Vet Live!

Castles and Covenants is a packed guide to strongholds, the magi who
reside there and the ins-and-outs of castle life in the Dark Fantastic world
of Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade. This book allows you to design a fortress-
home for your character, and it is the foundation for every battlement and
keep that your magus will ever stand atop — or face in the fury of battle.

Gastles and Govenants features:
¢ A collection of important mystick sites
¢ Details of Covenant building, maintenance and politics

© Masters of the Arts, Skyriggers, dark intrigues — and more

WW4

sc
