# File: Celestial Chorus.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


IA iN
THE HEIROPHANT. oe

Make a Joyful Noise Unto the Lord ORE
— Psalm 98:4 pw

By James Estes, Looking Eagle oe
2 a a yea) a a a a (2 | a a ai
NA MCAA AAALAC ALS AAS AA SAA NAARIEAZAM

y f) y > 2)
NOOBS LENS LIS LISELI SIRI LIISA

Se
ADMIT SIZLOV PIZIOV LIZIOV PIZLOV LIZID
aR SINCE INDE INDIES
PRO RO GO EO ES
DQ]
Se :
Bs S Credits

lent in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas

irectors: Larwrence Snelly and Aileen E. Miles

1D Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles
Art: Vince Locke, Paul S. Phillips, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook,
Andrew Trabbold
Front Cover Art: Michael William Kaluta
Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

SUITE 100
g 780 Park NoRTH BLVD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

CAME STUDIO

© 1996 by White Wolf. Alll rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Mage: The Ascension and Celestial Chorus are trade-
marks of White Wolf Game Studio. All names, titles,
characters and text herein are copyrights of White Wolf

unless otherwise noted.

The mention or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader

discretion is advised.

Ww PRINTED IN CANADA
BSL, 2 Lest Chorus 7
$ > > > >
Year E20 ZE2yZ
ISN AZIM RAZA LAL
ESNO ANNI

a a a
AMAA MAAR NAARNAPINAL

2 oo
WIGaR
y) SREP SE PISS

i=]
GASES

Very Special Thanks To:

Jennifer Hartshorn, whose fierce vision lingers beyond her
departure.
Trace o'Conner, who brought grace and humor to a thank-
less job.
Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, who set the standard for those
who dwell in Darkness.
Remy Blaine, whose succinct observations reminded us that
even the quiet ones have teeth.
Lisa Charlton, who still holds her head high among The
Great Unwashed.
David Remy, who gave so that others might survive.
Cindi Mayberry and Roger Smith, who left us all too few
expressions of their great talents.
Sean Bajar, whose dreams came and went too soon.
Bruce Butkovitch, who left to tour a little sooner than
expected.
Lori Sanders, former den mother for the Rage gang.
...and Elizabeth Folkes, who needs the Goddess' blessings
more than most, it seems,

On Black Wednesday, Icarus fell to Earth. All of you

made the sacrifice that allows this book, and future ones, to

see publication. Everyone will be missed. We are poorer for
your departure.

Author's Dedication and Thanks:

This work is dedi

cated with love to:

Kimberly Hausbeck, Red Bird Woman — with my
deepest gratitude for a summer of Awakening.

Climbing up on Solsbury Hill,

I could see the city light.

Wind was blowing, time stood still;

Eagle flew out of the night

— Peter Gabriel, "Solsbury Hill"

Thomas Walker — for having shared seven years with
me, in joy and in sorrow.

If I ever hurt you,

I never planned it that way

Until tomorrow,

Live for today.

— Cicero, "Live for Today"

Thanks go to Shari Hausbeck, for her role in our
Montana summer; Phil Brucato, for his continued support
and gentle dentistry; and fellow game-designers, Graeme
Davis and Keylan Q:

encouragement and sense of humor.

, for their professional advice,

Finally, special thanks are due to Steven D. Long

SINS

gq

Contents ORAD

Prelude: The Book of Ages . 4 %&
Chapter One: Theogony thistory) \
Chapter Two: The Enéhiri di crcichind? 26 Sx
Chapter Three: The Palatine SyllAbus (opinions) 38 We
Chapter Four: Hagiography 48 oe
Appendix: The Song of Songs 62 &

oo
o
S.



Pye|Ydey z
MeBOK* eS, oe

(- : :
THe anles, ©
"th ;
"ONE" 2

1 will give thanks to the Lord with my whole heart; WV
I will tell of all thy wonderful deeds od
I will be glad and exult in thee, Ons

I will sing praise to thy name, O Most High. ww

— Psalm 9:1-2 We

Preface to the First English Edition OAD

o
Our esteemed Pontifex Maximus, in his infi- unfolding actions within and throughout history. Let these Truths WE
G nice wisdom and goodness, deems that our Holy bepropoundedacross the lands,fortheyare theteachingsofthe First OSS
Writ should be translated into the English tongue, Singers themselves, passed down through the generations from "I
hike Les UE BEtRRE GROERSOA GcRGeathis worKL, ‘Singer to Singec unto ws now, es.we preoare to.wemsheciiectine ON
and other Skeptics. We
learned in the hearts and minds of all Choristers, not We exist as the One's emissaries, and we have been entrusted ox
q merely thoseamong the educated elite;and that our and empowered by Him to bring the straying flock back into His fold. Onto
1 Writ may be freed fromthe tyranny ofthe Hermetics, If we may do so through kindness and mercy, then our Lord be Ni

that these words and songs may be more easily — Promethean Order of Reasc

Ysa who would use Latin, a most venerable and ancient praised. But let His burning fury immolate any who dare speak Yo
AMMA cic, as i vicars of hiding arcane secrets and) teainat Him or who standin the Way of AREDSIOR. X io
obfuscating the Truth. Thy will be done, Amen. ORD

Let Chorister and Catechumen alike read these words and Dw

learn from them, for they are the manifestation of the One's NOS

Xe

|

_ (gOS

. ii K # = a PrcirdeThe Bank of esr The Thenphasinx hse anthisS3
2 bf bf sb sb obG sb sb opG sb pO pp ONAbey
VLA AAA AACS ANAT AYE
REINS SSCS RO SRN SCRE NS SCRE SSCS IDS SSNS SSNS SCREDS SENSED SSCS INANG

sd
x

KV

OY

SZ
—
>

9;

ZS

CAR
SGN
iow

{=}
aH

oy
WG

SS
wy
eX

S
%

2D

at

SOBSSCSGASSALGASEASS

3

iS

Al

J

= 6

u

(4) a a
SIA
EAA AAS)

YASS ASSO ASS OVALS SSS,

DEN QOeNhraw
CNBR Val

Preface to the Fourth English Edition

Ithas been 150 yearssince publication of the last
YG official edition of our Congregation's scriptures, and
in the minds of many, it isan act long overdue
the last edition, a plethora of new songs, visions and
manuscripts have been unveiled and r
Congregation, and no small handful of them have

led to our

stood the test of time, now demanding equal space in
our canonical readings. The Book of Ages, or The
Theophanies, has long called out fora new edition, and) ®
4 our Office is delighted and proud to fulfill this mission."
The purpose of this edition is not to enforce a canonical
acceptance of certain texts over others, but to show what is most
commonly accepted by the mainstream of our Congregation. It is
regrettable that a number of hymns and manuscripts had (© be:

omitted for this purpose; while such works — particularlyeheé Hymn ©

of the Spheres, the Rape of Lilith and the Byzantine Apocryphon — have
proven to be remarkably inspirational or infldential for limited
groups of Choristers, they have not as a whole been commonly,
accepted. These and other texts will be in an authorized collection)
of deuterocanonical works in the near future.

Textual History

We of the Celestial Chorus consider our Book of Ages to be a
living, growing document. We believe in an ongoing creation and
a continuing revelation. The One does not speak once and remain
silent forever after; we are the notes of His Song.

Withoutadoubt, many ofthesongsandstoriesin The Theophanies
predate their written variants by countless generations, surviving
oral tradition and transmitted through generations of Singers. Howe
ever, the collection of these stories into the form that would be callled
The Book of Ages probably began during the later pattof the second
millennium B.C.E,, as Mentu-hetep began unifying théidisparate
bands of Singers into one Congregation with a unified mission.

From that time, The Theophanies grew as individual communi:
ties contributed their stories and songs to it. Eventually, some
these tales would fall by the wayside, while others would bee
accepted in wider and wider circles. In this manner, The Book of
grew, and continues to grow to this day. The fact that these text
psalms and hymns come from a variety of original tongues and
languages, from Old Persian to contemporary American English, is
a testament to our Congregation's universality and plurality.

Translation History
"The first English translation of The Theophanies

from the Latin manuscript of the same collection. It wi
practice for most educated individuals in the Middle Ages to be versed
in Latin; this was particularly the case with members of our Congre-
gation, due to our deep ecclesiastical ties with the Christian Church.

As such, it was natural that Latin, the lingua franca of the
churchman and the intellectual, would be the chosen language for The
Theophanies. In the early 1300s, however, with a movement away from
tion —

ranslation

common

Latin toward vernacular languages beginning in our Congre;

and ultimately spreading throughout various churches as well — it
ry- Awaken-

became apparent that vernacular editions were a neces
ing was not limited to the educated.

Celestial Chorus a
>
AES)

@

individuals in our Gs

Many individuals within our Congregation worked indepen-
dently on translation projects, but finally, in the early 1400s, an
officially sanctioned effort was underway to present a variety of
vernacular editions. The English edition was one such result, along
with German, Italian and Spanish editions.

The Second (1645) and Third (1838) English Editions of The
Theophanies were modifications of the First Edition, with some correc-
tion made when it appeared errors in translation — either from the
manuscripts' original languages to Latin, or from Latin to English —

Riad been made. The Third Edition Revised (1929) was a nominal

‘attempt at best to include a few newer documents, but these had not
found universal acceptance among our congregation, and this sub-

on was not widely approved.
owever, with the Fourth Edition, we have gone back to the
eI ages and translated them anew into more fresh,

2:
* It should also®

recognized that this edition demonstrates a
oader inclusivity andi

orical understanding than previouseditions

an English that are

e of such antiquated jargon is
ntirely unnecessary.

fm for them to grow. However, with the fourth
under the auspices nd blessings of the Pontiff
‘uria — have chosen to translate the original
Pipts into current colloquial English. We have attempted to
tain the original poetic quality of the documents wherever
le, but some loss in translation is always to be expected.

Some critics of ourapproach argue that the previous editions had
tic quality which outweighed scholarly conventions. While all of
ir Congregation should appreciate qualities of rhythm and meter, we

"should not neglect the value of scholarly exactitude. Frankly, some of

the previous editions were based more upon poetry (or even ideologi-
cal bias) rather than upon history and original meaning. We have
returned to the original meanings, and we remain confident that our
edition is not entirely lacking in graces of its own.

Of course, the true poetry of any of The Theophanies is how they
are made manifest in our lives, not what form they take on paper.

New Texts

A number of texts, including the Letters of Genevieve and the
Song of Bernadette, are recent additions to the canon. The process of
determining canonical status is discussed elsewhere and not the
concem of this introductory text. Suffice it to say, though, that
majority usage isa valid enough argument for canonical acceptance.
With no less than a dozen new books, psalms and songs in current
use since the third edition, a new edition was necessary.

Introductions

In order to contribute to the education of our Congregation —
an education, some critics say, that is deteriorating rapidly under the
onslaught of the Skeptics — we have chosen to adda brief historical
introduction to each of the various components of The Theophanies.
These are not meant to be exhaustive; they serve only as points of
reference for the original document, placing them within some
historical context.

Variant Texts

While we, like editors of previous editions, have chosen to
include only those documents that are most commonly accepted by
our Congregation across the globe, we do understand that the sam
text may, over the course of generations, take on different for
different nations.

We have indicated some of the more important variat
brackets, that our readers might have a greater understandip
appreciation of the text in the many forms it may take

Book of Ages: The sai
Catechumenate:
Curia: The Choi
Dark Singers: Technic
plied to any ill-willed mage.
Enchiridion: (Greek, "handbook'

One's purpose for placing humanity on the Earth
First Singers: The first, and most powerful, tm
The Four Ages: Concept which divides history in

each representing a different epoch in Chorus' history:

© First Age: The earliest days, the time of pre-hist
when the First Singers (q.v.) walked the Earth; ended in sea

century B.C.E.

© Second Age: The time from the establishment of ¢
Congregation, in the second century B.C.E., to the Battle of th
Milvian Bridge (312 C.E.).

© Third Age: The period of Christian ascendancy within
the Congregation, from the Battle of the Milvian Bridge to the

Declaration of the Ivory Tower in 1325.

© Fourth Age: The reign of the Technocracy, from the
14th century to the present day.

Great Adytum: The Chorus' seat of authority and main
Horizon Realm.

Longaevi: Alternate term for the fae.

Messianic Voices: The Christian faction within the Congre-
gation which, starting in the fourth century C.E., rose in power to
become the dominant voice.

Pontifex Maximus: The central authority for the Chorus.

Metempsychosis: The ancient belief of reincarnation.

Prelude: The Book of Ages or The Theophanies of the pag os
Zoe LBRO

ZA RACY
PLN RI IIIS

a a a
S S S S
IAAI AA

Conclusion

The documents that make up our sacred scriptures are the
living testament of all those who have gone before us, that they may
guide us in wisdom towards reunion with the One. Ourscriptures are
nota closed book or some dead manuscript; instead they are a living
history, ever growing and building as generation upon generation
manifests the One's glorious Song.

There is a maxim in religious studies — and anyone who has
studied religious history to any depth can attest to this — that
orthodoxy is often defined only in the face of heresy. Li
ongregation's growth after the Promethean upheaval to the
hurch's growth after the Protestant Reformation. It was the growing
ofheresy that forced the codification of orthodoxy andorthopraxis

en our

atholic

If this is true, then it might even be surmised that the contem-
face of the Chorus owes much to the Technocracy for
gating such radical change and forcing us intoa different future.
ilefiany,cheologians among the Chorus might disagree with this
ent, andiwould prefer to bemoan our loss of status some 500
after the faet, they cannot deny that who we are today is

ined by what happened to us then.

Gfithe Many who struggled against the One's
jation: The End Times, when all Creation shall be
re One's followers willie rewarded, His opponents will
destroyed. Sor . AWar will occur.

© Sacred City: The goal of the Congregation — a world which
Peveres the One and places religion at the center of society.

Congregation vs. Chorus
regation applies to the gathering of like-minded
.. who shared a common ideology

as unified and named the
horus sees itself'as the

Chorus in 1461. However, since the

‘or of the Congregation's mission, it continues to call itself "the
sgregation." Only context can determine whether the term is used
escribe the historic antecedent or the current body.

ariant Terms

The following terms are typically used within the Congrega-

tion in favor of the Council of Nine's common parlance.

Adytum: Chantry. This term may vary from place to place:
Sanctuary, Temple, etc.

Catechumen: Apprentice

Exarch: Master

Praecept: Mentor

Presbyter: Adept

Singer: Mage

The Song: Magick

B.C.E.andC.E.

The Chorus recognizes that not all of its members view the birth
of Christ as an axial moment in time. Thus, B.C.E. (Before the
Christian/Common Era) is preferred to B.C. (Before Christ), and C.E.
(Christian/Common Era) to A.D. (Anno Domini, Year of Our Lord).

SNS


CHaptiy One: |

Then I saw the lucent sky, in which I heard different kinds of
music, marvelously embodying all the meanings I had heard before .

I heard the praises of the joyous citizens of Heaven, steadfastly g Sxq
persevering in the ways of Truth; and laments calling people back aN

to those praises and joys; and the exhortations of the virtues, NOY
spurring one another on to secure the salvation of the peoples WY
ensnared by the Devil. And the virtues destroyed his snares, so that agsy

the faithful at last through repentance passed out of their sins and
into Heaven.

And their song, like the voice of a multitude, making music in
harmony praising the ranks of Heaven, had these words...

— Hildegard of Bingen, Scivias, Vision 13

The Creation Hymns ass
The Hymn of the One

Easily the most well-known Creation hymn comes tous QO

How great is the power of God! His mere will is
creation; for God alone created, since He alone is
truly God. By a bare wish His work is done, and

— Clement of Alexandria, Exhortation to
the Greeks

This edition includes three of the many Cre-
ation psalms and songs our Congregation has
adopted. We believe that in understanding our Creation myths we
understand ourselves, but let it be clear here that by saying
"myths," we mean not fabrications or lies, but stories containing
within them principal truths. These Creation hymns have been
composed throughout our history, but we have followed the
example of previous editions by placing them at the beginning of our
Book

Qa a a a

> > > >
AMAA MAAMAZ we
SSS IS SINS SIS SSIS

composed in Avesta. Many versions of this text have been
passed down through oral transmission, but this particular
text is easily the earliest recorded variant. Preserved on a
scroll by a small sect of Singers in the Urals who had been oot
isolated from the rest of our Congregation until the 15th D
century of the Common Era, the scroll is currently dated as
over 2,500 years old; the number of redactions it went
through before being recorded, and the hymn's true age,can. AOS
only be guessed. It is one of the earliest known recorded Oaeto

manuscripts of our Creation hymn, although our South Asian ‘i y
brethren insist that theirSanskrit version is 1,000 yearsolder.  LW@8

While most European Creation hymns refer tothe Cre- 54d
atorasa "He," this particular manuscript identifies the One's YO@nO

gender as feminine. Earlier editions chose to revise this in
favor of the male gender, but we have decided — despite some XN
protest — to return to the original gender designation. ae.

Chapter One: Theogony

MAA)

DSOECIAOSYAOSY

The One Sings

In the Beginning was the One.
She Was, from the time before all time, but She was alone.
She looked into the Void — a cold, dark, silent place.
And it came to pass that She desired light and sound.
So the One Sang
A single, perfect note,
And it was good.
Her note filled the emptiness of the Void, giving it life.
Shi
And
ang many different notes, pleased equally by the
sound of them all

g again, and this note was good as well

Sang once more, creating another note.

But it was not enough to produce single notes,
So She Sang two notes together,
And then three.
Note by note Her melody grew, until finally She Sang
forth an entire Song!
Her Singing filled the Void;
Where once was silence, was now Her music
Still there was the darkn nd the All-Singer was
displeased.
So She filled Her Song with fire and light,
Making it a fevered burning hymn,
Majestic and bright and pure.
And the Void was empty no more,
Filled instead with all things good and beautiful and true,
Her Song burning away the dark cold of the Void as the
sun dispels the morning chill.

The Birth of the Many

But still She desired companionship.

So She Sang again, giving life unto each note, until She
gave birth to the Many, born into music and light.
The One Sang to them, and they learned that they too
knew Her Song, that they were lesser reflections of Her:

Faint, dim images, still bearing within the seeds of the
One's Song and Her light.
It came to pass that the Many gathered,
Singing in concord the One's Song, and radiating Her
splendor.
They gathered their multitude of voices and Sang together;
while each was singly beautiful,
Together they were a magnificent harmony.

Both song and light were lesser than the One's, yet still
they were worthy.

They Sang and then they shone, and the One was pleased.

They praised Her in Song, for she was their All —
Creator and Composer, the First Note and the First Song.
She was the All-Singer.

The Lesser Creations
As the One created the Many, so did the Many create;
And as the Many were lesser reflections of the One, so
were the creations of the Many even lesser reflections.
Yet in all things there still existed the spark of the One,
And Her Song was the heartbeat of all Creation.
The Many gave birth to the myriad worlds,

And to the lands and seas upon these worlds,
And to the many creatures which inhabited them:
Creatures that lived in air or water,

On the land or beneath it,

Creatures which walked, or crawled, or flew, or swam.
And the One watched, and listened, and was content with
the works of Her children.

For time immeasurable She Sang to the Many,
And the Many Sang to Her, and they Sang together,
With One as melody and Many as harmony.

And it was good.

The Dark Ones

But discontent crept into the hearts of a few,
And they desired not to render the Song of the One,
But instead their own.

Some did so out of pride,

And others because they were weak and easily swayed,
But others out of malice, or spite, or anger.
These rebellious few met and conspired to create their own
song
Even greater than that of the One
— Which cannot be!

But they rose their voices in a song of their own,

A harsh, raking noise like the shattering of rock,
Or the breaking of bone,

Lacking beauty, filled with power.

Their dissonance grew, and where it filled the heavens,
The One's light dimmed,

And darkness reigned.

And these nether-regions were black and dismal,
Filled with a cacophony of sounds,

A symphony of pain, and hate, and greed, and all things
terrible.

Where once there was harmony, was now discord.

Chapter One: Theogony Ll (ESS
See NA
DK RI

BOSSE ASSEASS DSSS ASSN

am ay Z "Ue QZ
VAN CAN ZANRZANRBZANGANRD
ZOMNGST GST GST GST GSO

Se P
SSS The War in Heaven
AN The One was displeased, and Her Song rose in anger.
ING Her loyal children Sang with Her,
day And their combined Song dwarfed the discord of the
by Rebels,
PANY Driving their voices into silence.
DYNZ But the One was merciful, and She forgave the Rebels and
ada the Discontented,
pe d
Bs offered unto them a chance to rejoin the celestial
0 NY choirs which Sang in harmony together with Her.
LING But these Rebels smoldered in their pride,
GWwSD And were sullen in their ange
a anger.

bye And again they sang,
PANS A discord so loathsome that the Faithful covered their ears

A ING and wept, while other
seg0 Our Mother's anger was terrible
AN Her Song to:

VN? Her voice shook and the Heavens trembled under Her

iT might.
geo The Defiant rejoined against Her,
PAN Hoping against hope'to overcome Her Song with their
» NZ own dismal noise.
Reap [Her Faithful took up their arms,
oe Seeking to restore the harmony that once reigned supreme.
RX NI And others wavered, incest overcome by fear and

weakness.

day And their War shook the celestial firmament,
ON With competing Songs vying for dominance.
caw ‘And finally the One smote the malesineenty,

A ‘ Shattering them, and exiling them from Her presence.
Qe

EXSY She banished them to the world of forms, the lesser realms
PAN of their own creation,
I» NZ That they might learn and grow and come into Her Song
doty of their own desire.

— With them, She sent those that wavered; these too had
PAN Shattered,
RIN? For they lacked the strength to support Her Song.
QD And with them She sent the Faithful, who were also rent
Bye asunder,
9 NY That they might guide the banished,
LN? And protect them from the Defiant who even still sought
WwSD to usurp the One's glory.
ON The Many, now a multitude,
K \ ‘, And the One silent once more.

N
Weap
D>) SO!

SCm 12 Celestial Chorus

Be ob, > b&b
WAM AA AZM ACMA

AWS AS SCSESINGSERCINS SSD SSIS

LISA a {i % a >,
WAKE AROE NOP NACE NACo Nace lageglagegleggNeegiiw
qq) daQ7 988 qq $aiQA qaQ7 QaQFI QnQQI qaQF 4aQFI Be

"ONS
. r <\
Excerpts: The Book of the First Age tex
oN
When the gods created Gilgamesh they gave him a 9 These few heard His distant Song and traveled the Wy
perfectbody. Shamash the glorious sunendowedhim lands, giving, caring, protecting and avenging, acting as 3G
with beauty, Adad the god of the storm endowed him beacons in the night, providing warmth and safety. ORD

with courage, the great gods made his beauty perfect,
F) surpassing all others, terrifying like a great wild bull.
Two thirds they made him god, and one third man.
— The Epic of Gilgamesh
4 The First Age is the Age of prehistory, when
the First Singers wandered the Earth, and their
deeds were recorded in myth and legend. It spans thousands of
years, from the beginnings of humanity to the second century
before the Christian era.

The Book of The First
Singers

Of the early songs and texts to comprise the Book of the First
Age, this particular document is perhaps among the most compre-
hensive. Many other books are testaments to individual Awakened,
extolling their virtues and detailing their exploits, but rarely placing
themin the larger context of the First Singers' mission; forexample,
some of those heroes barely mentioned in this text (e.g., Mitras and
Bhishma) receive hymns of their own and are treated even further
in the un-Awakened's literature.

Verse numbers were added to the text for the first edition,
although the practice was neither widespread nor popular for The
Book of Ages. Itis possible that this text's prominence grew as our
identity was challenged by the rise of the Traditions and the Order
of Reason; it was a means of demonstrating our primal origins, and
how the Celestial Chorus was the inheritor of a Divine purpose.

|. The Early Days

1 After the Shattering came Time,

2 when the Multitude lived as creatures of flesh and
bone, as beings of frail mortality and a short life that could be
measured in days and years.

3 The Song was quiescent within them, still a part of
their very being, but now clothed in matter.

4 For matter has the power to conceal spirit,

5 and beings of matter may be blind to the spirit
within them, regardless how great or powerful.

6 And in these bodies, the sparks of the Maker lay
dormant, Sleeping.

7 Butsome of His Children still remembered, and the
shards of Divinity glowed brightly within them.

8 These were the First Singers, the first mortals to sing
the Maker's Song, to radiate His light and power.

IBS ENS SB SIS LEIS LEIS SSIES

10 They lived many days and performed wondrous
deeds, ever striving to make the Song of the Maker be heard
by others.

11 The few who remembered the true Song, the Song
of the Maker, walked the Earth —

12. Mitras and Gundar, Enoch and Bhishma — many
bright and powerful voices were of this number, ministering
to all the One's children.

13 And we were like unto gods then, for there was little

Il. The Exiled

1 Those of the Multitude in exile were a difficult lot,

we could not do.

though;

2 for those whose Song was quiet were like children,

3 unable tocomprehend the truths of their elders or to
see the right way before them.

4 And so the First Singers had to nurse them.

5 [Many of the Sleeping ones had to live whole
lifetimes again and again before they ever heard the Song
within them, and these ones the First Singers gently cared for
lifetime after lifetime.]

Ill. The Rebels

1 But the Rebels were also banished,

2 and even after the Shattering many among their
number continued their dark ways.

3 These too had been clothed in forms of flesh, their
origins forgotten,

4 buteven these continued their dark deeds, however
venial in nature.

5 Even to these the First Singers ministered in the
hopes of bringing them to the Maker,

6 — but too often they met with failure.

IV. The Skeptics

1 And then came the Skeptics,

2 those who doubted the Maker's existence and ar-
gued against it,

3 and they strove to turn the Sleeping children away
from the One.

4 "OurMakerisdead," said they, "for we created Him out
of our own weakness, and now we need this phantasm no more."

5 Where they went, they spread their disbelief, and
where they went, hope died.

Chapter One: Theogony

a
S
ZA »

Pale)
LEAR ASS
A

CAIRN DAN ROANRCANRCANRCANRCANZANRBOZNRCANRCANRCANY
eengs GQ AEA EQ BA EQ aA BA QA XQ QA
SO
asa V. The Dark Singers 4 But there were also those who heard His Song as if
bNe | <Anilihen the Dark Sing ajocenea through wood or stone, distant and distorted;
o ANY 5 ae 5 and they too sought to guide the Slumbering ones,
NNO 2 those who remembered their celestial origins and
AN? were vengeful and biter. 6 _ but too often the One's Song was ignored.
Ges 7 And though they were not the enemies of the First

= 3 And they sang their songs, filled with rancor and ill
will, and they too worked powerful acts,

Singers, nor were they their allies,
8 for two cannot stand both against and beside each

Ng 4 but not in the name of the First Song;
ANS other.
MEU 5 _theyspokeofallegiance to Others, false gods which : ; ;
Base they said rivaled the Maker, VII. The Passing of the First Singers
o NY 6 and granted their followers powers to dwarf those of 1 The days wore on, and the years,
DING the Maker's own children. 2 with the First Singers slowly guiding the Sleeping
Sesh 7 And many great deeds were done in these days, as children,
SS

our earliest champions fought the evils of the Dark Ones.
8 These Dark Singers wrestled with the First Singers,

3 and the Lost and Straying singing a different Song,
4 and the Dark Singers ever attempting to snuff the

RINT promising the Sleeping children powers undreamt of, bar- sid ‘danipenithelMakiee Sone

San om Har aela ak a light and dampen the Maker's Song.

os oe ere cscputbe Rises Siaagh ean 5 As the First Singers slowly died, or disappeared, or

cans came back into unity with the Maker,
Fy ANY both earthly and unearthly, sometimes seducing them into page u ean eaneesviss ie
» NZ the service of the Others. u re replaced by their disciples, who, like their
Aap f 4 ; predecessors, heard the Maker's voice and strove to guide all
SS 10 And the Dark Singers were a blight on the face of toward reunion with Him in celestial harmony.

the Earth.

VI. The Lost Ones

eD 1 Notall of the First Singers stayed true to the One's
Song.
RANG 2
LIN? 3

There were those tempted by the Dark Singers,
and they were lost to the Maker.

7 But these Singers found each passing generation
weaker and weaker,
8 until the time of the now,

9 when we are but mortal men amongst mortal men,

10 surrounded on all sides by our enemies.

Qed

Bey

#q Excerpts: The Bookof The Second Age
RN

Goat Kings may rule the world, but the wise rule Kings. discovered singing a radically different variant — recorded else-
Bes — Shekel Hakodesh, 18 where — which greatly expands upon the verses alluding to the

The Second Age runs from the Chorus' early
organized beginnings to Constantine's embrace of

Reconciliation.

The Desolate Days

Bead f] the Christian faith. Assuch,itcoversroughly 1600 4, Fe the land of the buming sun, the scorched sand
a. ‘years, during which the Congregation slowly grew : Si a
NY ‘ and the muddied waters, Sang aman named Mentu-hetep; he
PAN in power and influence. The documents from this " :
é , 4 was a priest, who worshipped the All-Singer by the name of
DIN time reflect both the growth of faith and the increase ‘ a
Noay sevionxininatiioll neste Aten. Born in the ancient city Iunu', he served the court of
SS ees 0 the Pharaoh Amenhotep LV, in the city of Thebes. Mentu-
ON he Testament of hetep, who had accepted the supremacy of Aten early in his
youth, was one of Aten's most faithful followers. In these days,
DAN
a Mentu-hete p the Singers were many, but few of their number remembered
SoU We ha stably Uile<from thexenillesesdays of our: "SO HUES ONY:
ANI & epitionts Fors henthe Eeyptian TA cdenaiCrreremred Mentu-hetep had traveled much in his days; on his
eer 5 : journeys, he met many Singers, those who sang of power and
i» ING Mentu-hetep first began uniting us, but his Testament is botha
dean sieisfedintand well lenox piece frond this ena, Ieawas wicse likely distant beauty, yet did not themselves hear the All-Singer.

recorded in hieroglyphs of the 18th dynasty, the time which it
0 details. However, if it ever existed in such form, it has been lost to
NT us. Much ofi was preserved in oralhstory, with he earliest record
Reap found written in Demotic. A small Druze congregation was
ENG
BS ee i a=)
GRAV Sap, goa SS S
DS NUOM YAZMAAM AAA
ESRC EISEN Se

Celestial Chorus

ey

He spoke with those who sang of blood and life, and theirs was
a sanguine and unwholesome threnody; and he met with
those who sought the Song only for personal gain, and theirs
was a bloated and self-serving paean to greed; and he talked

1. The Biblical city On, called Heliopolis by the Greeks and Romans.
of ob oh ob ob
ASAE) ACM ACH CAAA

ANS LIBS LIS EIIBELES

OS2LOVO. Vy WA
SOVSSQSSOT SSO IOUS SY
SSSI ONES SAIN
SSS SESS SS (ZZ AZZ oue a) ARB
Dea APM OD ENMOD NS QAM BQA 4s A ON:
AIS)
4 ra The Second Age, in Brief
The Second Age, in which the Congregation first gathered and grew in Power, began in the late second millennium
BCE. —during the 18th dynasty and the teign of Ikhnaton, Until this Point, Singers were either lone figures orsmall bands
of like-minded individuals. The solitary Singers rarely operated together, and communication between the small groups was
minimal at best,
Some time during Ikhnaton's Teign, Mentu-hetep, an Egyptian Singer,
assembly. Finally, after many years of:

hada vision of the Divine and called for a grand
» the disparate roups and Io
cohesively as a "Congregation" of the Faithful. A

1
ne Singers gathered together and vowed to work J
Grand Council was formed of Teptesentatives from different religions; )
although it had little authority, it tried to facilitate Sommunication between the various members and Stoups of the 4
Congregation. Likewise, the first Adytums were established as combination temple-library-hostel for our Singers, and those PA
Adytums built in locations of civil Power ultimately sew in prominence and influence. q
Of course, the destruction of Akhetaten also resulted in the destruction of the first Adyctum, and with this event we v
tealized that we could not fully tie our authority to any Earthly place. Thus we began construction of the Great Adytum, our x
Horizon Realm which now acts as the true seat of our authority. (0)
Nonetheless, various mundane Adytums waxed and waned in power, and it Was from the most infl uential Adytums that a
our leadership grew. As Egypt's power, ebbed, Greece's influence rose; ultimately, the Roman eagle spread its wings. With each w
of these shifts in Power, the significance of various Adytums shifted as well. At first, the Adytums in Thebes and Memphis ‘wl
played the most Prominent roles; in turn, the Athenian and Alexandrian Adytums grew in status (particularly after Alexander 6
the Great sacked Thebes), and finally, Rome's Adytum became the leader. ES
Likewise, as various Adycums grew in influence, so did Various groups hold sway. At first, the Theban C "ircle was the most Ni
influential 8roup; these Singers were the inheritors of Mentu-hetep's authority, and they were significant in holding together Nd
the fledgling Congregation, With the rise of Alexander's empire, the Alexandrian Chorus reigned Supreme. During this time, aX (A)
the Chosen of Abraham — insular Hebrew singers — held together the Peoples of Israel; not only did they ensure their own PS
ethnic and cultural Survival, they also Provided for the theologically fertile grounds which would give birth to Christianity, ab
Their Adytum, the Temple of Solomon, reigned supreme in its area, untouched by the changing tides of fate and fame, until N J
its destruction (in its second incarnation) in 70 CE N (A
By the time of Christ's birth, almost the entire membership of the Grand Council was Roman. Rome was seen as the Ssh
Supreme power of the world and the Council felt that the Congregation's future lay with it During these years, the BN
ngregation's organization began to take on more Roman characteristics, until finally the Council was renamed the Curia. 2 NOS
The High Councilor became the Pontifex Maximus, and what had once been a role of Parliamentary leader soon became We
almost absolute authority. RG
The centuries following Christ's birth saw a radical change in the make-up of the Con,
the Holy Land came the Messianic Voices,

: OBS

, Flom he inbraced Christianity, the outcome was clear. Although the Messianic Voices were DN

stilla minority in the Congregation, they were the largest of all the Various groups. By the year 324 and the Nicene Council, We
the Pontiff and almost the entire Curia were Christian. a6
Timeline Reto
*¢, 1353-35B.CE Amenhotep IV (Ikhnaton) Promotes monotheistic sun worship in Egypt. Disparate societies oN x

of Singers gather into one Congregation, Ws
* 965 — Solomon becomes king of Israel; begins building Temple in Jerusalem, Ost

* 800 ~ 500 — Growth of Greek city-states (e.g., Athens). Expansion of Congregational activities into Europe. NY

* 478 —Temple of Apollo built at Delphi. A

* 509 — Foundation of Roman Republic, 3

© 33423 Alexander destroys Persian Empire, begins consolidation of Greek world and Hellenistic age. Alexandrian ORD

/ Adytum rises in Prominence. DN «|
bs *c.4 BCE — Probable birthdate of Jesus Christ. WV a
°c. 30 CE. — Career of Jesus Christ, =

° 312 — Battle at the Milvian Bridge. RUN
* 313 — Constantine the Great grants freedom of worship to Christians. S SS
S DIV,
Q oye RyVLZZarDZO Vi

NNN NCE Ce
2 oe IAN AZ INS LEISSASISS
NRCC NON
ae

ENG

7

6.
Zee
ORES oD sty? ty any
Se AOA
een bal Mir

with those heard the voices of spirits in all things, and theirs
ofthe All-
Singer by any name, and they mocked Mentu-hetep for his

was an ephemeral measure. Yet none of these knew

submission to Hea

en.
And Mentu-hetep despaired.
And this disconsolate Singer went into the desert and
wandered and fasted for 40 days and 40 nights. He prayed to
Aten for guidance, and the All-Singer appeared unto him as
a burning corona, illuminating the night sk

ked Mentu-
hetep, penitent before Aten, humbled by His majesty. "What

"What is Your bidding, O my Master?"

would You have of me?"
"Gather my children unto me," said the All-Singer. "For
they have drifted.
"For millennia youand your brethren havesungunto the
peoples of the Earth; but with each passing generation, more

have fallen from my ways. Even the faithful have forgotten
the meaning of harmony. Too often you sing alone, and you
must now sing together, as one.

"Send forth for your brothers and sisters, those who
remember me by any name,

"Gather together in unity, that your purpose may be
given new strength.

"Sing together in harmony, that my Song may be per-
petuated!

"Many more will fall by the wayside, and they shall be

spurned as they have spurned me.

"But converged you shall give each other strength and
wisdom. And then you may guide the Slumbering children
toward me, and all shall be One once more.

"Your voices will fill the air, and your chorus shall fill the
heavens. For you are celestial in origin, and your song heav-
enly.

"Let your celestial chorus unite!"

And the vision of the All-Singer left, and Mentu-hetep's
eyes were seared from their sockets, and he was blind for ever
more.

The Gathering

Upon his return to the city of Thebes, Mentu-hetep sent
forth a summons to all his brothers and sisters across the
world, asking that they gather and meet in Egypt.

Far and wide went hissummons, through means magickal
and mundane, from the land of the Great Mountains in the
furthermost East to the lands across the Great Waters in the
West, he called out to those who still heard the Song.

16

celestial Chorus
9

2 7.9

ene ane een ocean

Mentu-hetep was assisted in his efforts by the Pharaoh,
who had been led to Aten by Mentu-hetep's ministrations.
As the blind Singer sent forth his summons, Amenhotep IV
—now called Ikhnaton — abandoned Thebes to build a new
city dedicated to Aten. [And this displeased the priests of the
land, the priests who taught of the many gods. And they
foretold a terrible fate for this city.]

Many rejected Mentu-hetep's summons, but many an-
swered. In time, these Singers came, slowly gathering in
Akhetaten, the Pharaoh's new city; from across the seas and
over the mountains, from distant nations and from lands still
unheard-of they came. Some arrived singly, and others in
pairs, while others came in groups, the smaller congregations.
All these remembered the All-Singer in one form or another.
The nearby Knights of Aten came first, followed by the
Chosen of Abraham; then came the Mazdeans, Gilgamites
and Mithradites came from the East, the Canerites and
Delphians from the North, the children of Bhisma and
Vallana and other disciples of the Maker. All were glad to
come and sing of the One, the All-Singer, the First Note, the
Creator, the Universal Harmony.

For many days these strange visitors came to Ikhnaton's
fledgling city, some under cover of night lest their strange
manners draw forth the criticisms of the Pharaoh's enemies.
Finally, after all guests had arrived, the many Singers met and
sang together of the One and the Many, of the celestial
harmony that had once been, and would be once more. And
Mentu-hetep, the blind Singer, sang unto his brothers [and
sisters]:

In the beginning was the All-Singer, and He was unity.
The First Note became Many, and still there was unity,

A beautiful, glorious canticle heard throughout the cosmos!
Until the Dark Ones broke the harmony

With songs of anger and pride,

And we scattered across the Earth

Like grains of sand in a desert wind.

And the assembly sang with him, and it was a wondrous
hymn. And Mentu-hetep sang again:
In the days long past,

When the First Singers roamed,

We sang alone; separate, yet still one,
Joined by our memories

of ancient days,

and celestial origins.

Acting apart, yet still in concert,

we praised the All-Singer!

Recall your heavenly origins, and gather your voices
In one beautiful melody,

and let our Song be heard from now

To the ending of all time!

And the assembled sang with Mentu-hetep, and it was a
wondrous hymn. And Mentu-hetep sang once more:
It shall pass, in the days yet to come,

That there shall be a great and terrible war,

In the Heavens and on the Earth,

Between the Singers of Light and the Singers of the Darkness
We shall take up our arms,

and marshal our forces against the Dark Ones.

Our losses will be many,

and we shall cry out to Heaven for respite!

And at the end, after our victory,

All shall be One again,

The Dissonants crushed,

Broken into utter nothingness,

And all others shall Sing in harmony!

The many notes shall be one heavenly Song once more.

And such was the strength of Mentu-hetep's holy words
that all were in accord with him. So clear was the voice of the
All-Singer that the Singers pledged to Sing together once
more, for lone Singers could not attain the chorus of Heaven.
And the scattered groups united, recognizing that we knew
the same Song, and that we all worshipped the Creator, who
may have a multitude of names and forms but still remains
One; and each pledged to honor the faith of his brother, for
it was good.

Many years passed, and the Sacred Congregation grew in
the strength of the All-Singer.

7 Chapter One: Theogony

17 (es

pf 8 pe wy
LEGS

OSD LST OPPS OVrNVarye. 9, ow
ge eo ge oe a Aras
And the assembly sang with Mentu-hetep, and it was ON
wondrous hymn. And Mentu-hetep sang again: ORD
But now, in these trying times, we Sing alone. DN
We work singly to fulfill our mission, V Ms
And on our own we can do little. sx
Ina vision the All-Singer Sang to me, and I Sang to Him! net
He has declared that these days are past, " x!
That where one is strong, many are stronger. Wy
Let us unite in His glorious name! x
" nso
Let us Sing together to Him, DY
Cast aside our differences, and join in a just cause! V %
Let our combined efforts usher forth a new era, a
Where all humanity sings of the All-Singer's glory! Opetb

x
S89

Ley
aang
PAWISASWEsSeS
WAN CARES IN ZSQV SZLOVASZSE
BRUIMEAA hea SESS ELIS CIRSAOI Oo
sthe Globe TEES)
all nations; and chen shall the end comes JaqQe

ld for a witness unto

The Chorus Acros
And this gospel of the kingdom

_— Matthew 24.14
mon misconception that our Congres
roots. While our most noticeable e:

man Empire of Christian Europe, itis naive

shall be preached in all the worl
gation's history is exclusively Eurocentric, inspite of apparent
xpansion was synonymous with the rise of Hellenism, the Roman Empire
to believe that we were utterly absent elsewhere.
itclear that the assemblage was global, ashis summons crossed the "Great Waters"
obably the Himalayas): However, the document does
‘of theories have been

the "Great Mountains to the East" (pr
after their return. A number

sponded, or what happened

| oral traditions.

Itisacom!
and Middle Eastern
and ultimately the Holy Ror

The Testament of Mentu

he Atlantic) and
hof these more distant Singers res}

.d upon both archaeology and local

-hetep makes

(most likely ¢
notstate whic
put forth, base:
¢ The Americas
Apocryphal texts tell of Mentu-hetep sending an ex]

shores. Very little evidence supports this.

pedition actoss the Atlantic to spread the Congregation to the far

continents have hada remarkable history of Singer activity; although effectively

Regardless, we know that the American c
show acommon goaland ideology. Singer activity ranged from

a isolated from the Congregation's main body, some native songs
s the tribal elders of the North Americans to select priesthoods and cults in the Central and South American Indian empires:
wD To this date, we are sti ient Middle American' Singers who responded to Mentu-hetep, and to what

UI slowly learnin,
K extent our teachings may have pert ¢ American Singers did respond to the
i ication afterward,

‘me:
summons, though, neither party mai raditions developed.

at
Ng Without a doubt, though, our activity in who were more in touch

B
aD: with what the local people desired and what the land needed. Missionaries sent actoss the ocean with European explorers,
EQN conquistadors and colonists caused disaster. How mat \bers of our own. Congregation —

\
t
¢
r)
b
id
c
%
¥
Kl

ny of our missionaries killed potential mem!
ance, but Singers of the One Sons Christianity?

b \ separated by time and dist: g nonetheless — merely because they refused to accept
F
have more incommon with than we often choose to acknowledge) diedasaresult of our actions?

g SS How many
. May the Lord forgive ws.
N © Africa
Sa As was the case in the Americas, the spirit-ways took root in Africa
SS own Singers Strangely, considering our organizational origins in Egypt,
ADE did not successfully foray vouch remains a mystery. We did, later on,
N Congregation's faltering presence in that nation) and Ethiopia, ultimately helping the Ethiopic peoples
er loannes contributed to the European legends of the ‘African priest-king Prester John.

AN, Legends ofthe mighty Abyssinian Presbyt

Dreamspeakers (whowe
and became more prominent there than were any of our
we did not have a stronger presence in ‘Africa. Why we
follow Coptic Christianity into Egypt (reviving the

build a great empire.

ions which have reflected

sions — tens)
Singers into their

ic and political ten

RS The Middle East
ey ANY The Middle East has always been @ crucible of religious, ethni
in the Chorus. The Chosen (Hebrew Singers, followers of Abraham) have long resisted excursions of other
f the Crusades (which only heightened tensions between Jewish, Christian and Muslim
with any strength into the

d to Congregational reluctance to move
es alongside Batini mages.

ANZ territory. In addition, the debacle o}
¢ the Ahl-i-Batin les
Middle East, sometin'

es Singers) and the seeming hegemony o
op NG Holy Land. However, peripatetic Singers have been known to Sing in the
¢ Jerusalem
stern world, central to Judaism, Christianity and Islam. King David built
d his famous Temple here; Jesus was arrested,

+ now rests; and

NG
Jerusalem is by far the holiest city of the We
and King Solomon constructe'
Sepulche

Qelh
Be Jerusalem upon the Canaanite city of Urushamen,
d (according to tradition) resurrected here where the Church of the Holy
me city. Ruled alternately by Jews, Romans, Ottomans and Europeans,
hatred and bloodshed. Various groups held

SOR wed crucified an
Muhammad ascended unto Heaven from this sai
Ceth contested over by the three great faiths, it also lies at the very heart of religious
S sway here, from the Chosen of Abraham and the Messianic Voices within the Chorus, to the Batini mages (who far
bered Muslim mages in the Congregation). It has seen its share of religious, political, ethnic and magickal strife.
» but the Chorus has finally established a steady presence. The Jerusalem Adytum

oD outnum!
)\
» ING Violence still remains in the "City of Peace,
heap is jointly run by an uneasy lance of Jewish, Christian and Muslim Singers.
= © Asia
Q
RANI Due tothe widespread and pervasive influence of the Akashic Brothers, theearly Artificers (ancestors of Iteration X) and several
RAZ groups of Imperial Chinese magicians, our Chorus had few successes in Asia. Although we have had a relatively strong presence in
ain
Cred South Asia, with thousands of ‘un-Awakened accepting the Divinity of the One inthe Godhead, the Akashic influence in Buddhism.
BS ou j
NAG and Taoism — among the many native Asian traditions — limited our effectiveness. Our members in the Indian subcontinent still
D (Tox remain somewhat disenfranchised from their European counterparts, due to the European missionary activity in India and what they |
) Dy
goal Hy claim is our apparent disregard for their own. sacred songs of the One, many of which may predate those found in The Theophanies.
SKANK
SVOS wom ees
VSIUSS LAIR A AK > or a
AWS ree, VAAN ACMEAAGNAZ 2 eB eB
EN ENO Be Coes
WEIL IBLE, LAA RAG
SESS RINSIEEN

I OSPLOV PSZIOV PIZLOV PSZSOV ASTSOV ASSO,

OOP SOE MOON

IP IIe lO NANA

MRE RO BRO GRO
The Commentary of
Antonius

Antonius (220 — 313 C.E.), one of the latest writers and
Singers of the Second Age, studied the many years before him and
analyzed them with remarkable perspicuity; he was not only
Awakened, but remarkably intelligent. The fact that he lived to see
the repercussions of the Battle at the Milvian, and even wrote afew
short letters to the reigning Pontiff regarding the Council of Nicaea,
has prompted a number of Choristers (even some of our own
Office) to argue for moving his corpus under the Third Age rubric.
However, we defer to tradition and maintain his writings in their
current place, since their bulk was composed during the Second

Age.

Mithraismvs, C

Mithras, God of the Moming, ‘waken

Rome is above the Nations, but Thow rc
— Rudyard Kipling, ji

Historically, and SPD oa

Mithraism can

But the con:
With the pr
Mithraism. The Mithrai
; Had fate worked a ti
een felled in battle bya
* Mithraism and th

Mithrais; i

'M survives to thi:

Pts i \ is day as at

ms Vority of its worshipers are membe fthe

. erates the First Singer M, ei

ee for Julian's untimely de:
ut should these allegations

close; in 307,
Constantine, j

ny bit differently —hadC

narrow through

the eye, the
1¢ Congregation

itras. Some Mithrai
‘ath and Constantin
ever be proven,

hristianity: And the Winner Is
Thow art over allt |

onstantine died at the b;

pis teligion;
_ :
ey specifically,
‘© historians suggest that
© s success. Few of the Son
some unpleasantness would

DOP N IDI ISERIES,

Antonius lived in an interesting time; as a Son of Mitras, he
was no doubt prepared to see his religion, Mithraism, rise ascen-
dant through the Roman Empire. Instead he witnessed his religion's
wane as it was replaced by Christianity. This alone would have
explained the critical eye he frequently turned toward Christianity.
His criticisms of the Messianic Voices and the Nicene Council
were most likely considered inflammatory; in addition, he wrote in
favor of religious tolerance, a custom well-ignored by many of our
members during this Age.

All these factors compounded, ultimately leading to his fall
from popularity during the Third Age, and the subsequent exclu-
sion of his writings from the first and later editions. However, we
have come full circle now, and Antonius' popularity has risen
tremendously, even among Christians, who appreciate his keen
eyeand candid voice. We are pleased to restore some of the writings
of Antonius to The Book of Ages.

select few,

an d attle of Milvi
religious history of <a A ala

the general Public is unawar
the Sons of M:
the Messianic

is beara grudge
develop.

Chapter One: Theogony

a a

IXY OA.

was still
Jestis— could not

had Julian not
, quite different,

te of its survival, and the
itras, a fellowship which
Voices were responsible
towards Christ-Singers,

> of do ~pGMmx
EGAN AANA NARS
ZS ASSES ASSEN NWA

i f Mithra appears as
mEra, veneration of Mithra had

Xp aly typically aft
‘9 sete widespread than Christishiey,
eg ilitant symbolism. It bore certain

ASSO LVe—

7

es

CS)
SSCS The Letter to the Cilicians

AN (excerpts)

SNe This letter includes Antonius's reflections on Salvation —
Reap which, by this time, we now understand to mean Ascension.
by * On Salvation (Ascension)

What is Salvation, my Brothers in the Lord? This is a
worthy question; foritsanswer defines our very existence: We
of the Congregation have long argued and debated the
meaning of Salvation from the first days when we gathered in
Akhetaten. While we have few easy answers, we can at least
discuss some beliefs which are universal in our Congregation.

Salvation may be seen on the individual level. Itis when
the'Singer's sense of self becomes inseparable from thei
vine. He no longer says "I" referring to himself — he sayaal"
knowing that he and the Creator are one and the same! This
is not to say that we are gods, though, or that we'are equal to
the Creator; it is to say that what makes us alive, and who we
are, is the Divine Spark itself. To fully ggftze this — nde
simply acknowledge it or agree with iti is the meaning of
Salvation. It is when Singer and Song become one.

But we may speak on a univerfilfscale as well. This dal
has multiple aspects; the first the widespread appli-
cation of the previc . Where all the Created come
into harmony with ator. Cettainly thisispossible, and
one need not have Awakened t0join with the Creator. Many
holy men throughout the Ages have been Saved, we believe,
who were un-Awakened.

‘Thesecond aspectorunivers
BSS itis whenall humanity comes to accepethe One as Londand
BANL Creator. Some in our midst believe that should all mankind

accept the One unanimously and universally #iigiall shale
Saved. Not all in our Congregation believe this, but we doy
agree that it is still a goal to pursue, as it allows for a greater
chance of individual Salvation to occur.

ec ‘Alvarion is more passive;

* Diverse Religious Sympathies

ting the One as Lord and Master is the truest way
tion. It is well-accepted by our Chorus the rejection.
of the Creator by His rebellious children was the cause of our
current state; thus, for us to be reconciled to the Creator, we

must all accept His dominion.

Our Congregation's founders, we must note, came from
many varying and divergent religious traditions, for it was
known then that the worship of the One took on many
customs according to each nation and peoples. But the
questions arose: "Isany one religion more fitting to Salvation?
Are any religions less worthy?" Ithas long been the resolution
of our Congregation that all religions stand on equal footing
and each may lead to Ascension. Thus I, as a Son of Mitras,
have no lesser or greater a chance of Salvation than do my
Christian or other brothers.

© On the Coercion of Belief

Some question whether religious beliefs can be forced
upon an unwilling people. This has provoked much debate,
and has never been fully resolved. I, for one, am opposed to
this sentiment, for a religious devotion born of terror is a
fleeting and intangible thing. The Lord wants His children to
come willingly, and if they must live lifetime after lifetime
until they make the first step, then so be it. Other, more
zealous members of our congregation, however, more con-
cerned as they are with purity of thought, care little for free
will.

The Letter to the Bogomil
Congregation (Excerpt)

Of great concern to our early founders was whether we
shouldyplay prominent roles in leading the citizens of our
nations. Some argue that we should remove ourselves from
the mundanities,of civil rule, and instead contemplate our
own spiritual growth, or act as models of faith and piety.
Those who support this claim believe that any marriage
between the Congregation and the civil authorities is bound
to end in catastrophe. Lunderstand that this is your view, and
that you poingité the disaster atAkhetaten for evidence.

Asiwe know, Mentu-hetep's formerstudent, the pharaoh
Ikhnaton, seemed to fulfill our.goal of building a society
dedicated to the One. Unfortunately his introduction of
widespread monotheism in Egypt was hasty, and we, in our
youthful enthusiasm, supported him. When he began con-
struction of a city dedicated to the Aten, we rejoiced.
Akhetaten became the site of our first Adytum; indeed,
Akhetaten itself means "Horizon of Aten," and we saw it as
the first manifestation of the Sacred City.

When Ikhnaton abandoned the other gods and built
temples to Aten in locations sacred to other gods, we still said
nothing. This was our mistake; it is folly to enforce our beliefs
on others while showing disrespect for their own native

traditions, and itis disastrous to utterly cast aside the old ways
in favor of our own. This was demonstrated when Akhetaten
was destroyed after Ikhnaton's death.
You argue that this calamity is eviden:
when our Congregation develops allianc

+ of what happen

authorities. However, let not your caution cross the border
between circumspection and fear. What was wrong was the
way we allowed Ikhnaton's rebellion — for such is what it
va ed. Many in our Congregation
argued against this, but their warnings went unheeded.

in truth — to go unchec!

We learned from this that we cannot force people to
accept the Creator. Our mistake was not so much an act of
hubris as a lesson on unrestrained growth. This does not
mean, however, that we must entirely abandon our attempts
to lead humanity in favor of an isolated hermitage of self-

Boy

Ge 0 ots Chonts im = = és = = A Ab
ALAA o 2 >a, 23a DF; SS OF SF SF; SE SS Sa;
DSN AZM AC AA AA RAZ AZ RAAT AZ AAA,
[RC EHSESEASSASNSSCEIS SS ISSO SISSIES IS SEIS

contemplation. One of the surest ways to nurture the un-
Awakened is by guiding the entire society in which they live;
we must be helmsmen of their ship, that we may direct it
toward the port of salvation.

The Letters to the Pontifex
Maximus

© The Congregation and Christianity
Your Eminence:

Thope that my letter finds you well, and that the blessings @ conversion was as a means of

of the Creator are upon you.
Ihave heard tales that our Emperor, Constantine, cla
to have received a vision before his battle at the Mil
Bridge, instructing him to put the name of Christ upon]
standard and thus assuring him his subsequent victo
battle. Asa result, | am told, he will be adopting Chi
as his personal faith. While I am pleased f (

tion — I am somewhat troubled by this e
portends.

First, let me explain. Some in o}
that the figure of Jesus was mere!
either a Jewish Singer or even an'
case, as he certainly,shares certain

he worked miracles, he @alled. people to Fi

& 4
ir Congregation believ.

believe that the figure of,
and that his incarnation wi necessary rasom to free hu b
ity, which had become "hostage" to the dark powers. While
nothold to this particular creed, I donot begrudge my t
brethren their beliefs.

However, | have noticed something disturbing. It
that a good many Christ-Singers have become blinded
their own Faith; while they still bel in the Congregation '3
teachings, they also assert that the Cl

valid Faith for Salvation. It is as if all other beliefs have fallen

by the wayside with the triumph of Christianity.

Certainly, not all Christians in our Congregation claim
this; many still see the workings of the Creator in every
religion. But there are increasingly more intolerant and
closed-minded Singers in our midst, and I fear what might
happen should this minority ever become the majority.

In closing, I wish to refute the allegation that some of my
non-Christian brothers have made, that a cabal of Christ-
Singers forced Constantine's vision upon him, as well as
working the Song to bring about the victory at the Milvian,
thus ensuring the Emperor's adoption of Christianity. I, of
course, have no evidence for my refutation, but I cannot

NDS LEIS LENSE

imagine any of our Congregation beguiling and manipulating
one of the un-Awakened in this manner.

¢ The Council at Nicaea

Your Eminence:

1am confident that this letter finds you in good health,
and that your sacred duty is more joy than burden.

Thear that you have recently been baptized a Christian.
If this is your heartfelt desire, then | congratulate youand wish
you the best. Pay no heed to those who insinuate that your

ning some political leverage
over the growing number of Christ-Singers.

I must confess that | am disturbed by the events of the
ncil recently held at Nice alled Arian
sy. Is it not strange that this Council should so cle

r debates taking place among the Messianic Voic

wracking our membership, in favor of
ersonal contemplation and pursuit of the Creator, so per-
Gaps my knowledges wrong. Please follow me while I repeat
the situation as I believe it to be the case, and you may correct
any errors.

Some in our,fellowship.do not believe that Jesus could
One Incarnate, butthathe was a mortal like all
roclaim, however, that he was Chosen by the
rea @sake of redecmingthe world; as s
xalted position, but he is not "one in being" with the

"ertainly not uncommon for our own arguments to
rate the un-Awakened communities, but the speed with

ing. Is it possible that Christ-Singers are using the
rch to determine orthodoxy and to define heresy, simply
order to force their beliefs upon those Voices they consider
"deviant?"

While I do not recognize the names of any of the
Nicene Council's participants as having been members of
our Congregation, I am not alone in wondering what role
Christian Singers played in this Council. If it is proven
that any of the Congregation manipulated the Council to
our own advantage, instead of allowing the Faith to take
its natural course, then I will demand justice for those
Singers whose Faith has just been branded illicit, and who
have in turn been anathematized by the very Church that
they love and support.

A A craps One Theoggay A J
> > > >
NANA AANA AAS

Si

3
UNC UINCKIINA


IAZENRCENA CANAZN NACE NAC ENP NAO DESI
BRR ERO ERO ERO ERO ROO EER

In hoc signo vinces.

By this sign shalt thou conquer.

— the vision of Constantine at the Battle
of the Milvian

The Third Age began in the year 313 of the

Y /EWSS Common Era, after Constantine embraced Chris-
LZ, | tianity. This was an absolute triumph for our
BN Congregation, and it represented the fulfillment of

q =

State and Chorus was a complex and almost symbiotic affair,
documented and analyzed thoroughly elsewhere.

This was, without a doubt, the most productive period for the
European Chorus. An unparalleled number of songs, hymns and
sermons were produced during this period. Although arguments
vary over when the Fourth Age began, it has long been tradition
that the Third Age ended with the Declaration of the Ivory Tower
on March 25, 1325.

RN? many years work. The interrelationship of Church,
edd
an
a : away by the pens of
} 2 in Brief me ious heresies were SWEPE tion.
b The Third Age,in 5 vie codification of Christianity, 3 Varice' ity chroughout the ConeretA
ind Age represents both the Soc 1 resents the expansion jon. Many other groups ‘
5 ‘Te he swords of ‘Crusaders. Likewise, it TP! clearly the majority in the: Pa tines..The Sons of Mitrasand
B theologians or the 81 janic Voices were c'eat Y thrust into the st t theentire
» Soon into the Third Age, pel She rising gianc of Christianity, oy die, Eventually, the Pontifex nga Voices
A i ir vitality sapped by ther valiantly and thenfinally all. In time, the
Qk disappeared, thei eched' theirfaithsfight ya tg would rise supreme OVE
By many other pagan. er ae the future was clear: Christianity ‘ed oven IRE the un-
> Christian, and by is dissent spil
Bh vere paar with the Congregation: sent continued. In some Se oo cegation. What beeen 5
wel in ices, though, i Congrega' *
at Even within the Messianic Melee with the Sleepers and me cas ie NE, or theological lines. Issues roup of
BS Awakened, while in orhier cases ee number of groups divided alone <8 ethat the Cabal of Pure Thought, a8
yi akened, % H a i is point
RAN ee, the Messianic pisos with violence. It was a es ee fell into bis Eee
» WY orthodoxy were worke siete unified Church, rose in power Pi Europe. Although not ate The Congregation
he Singers who opens the rising hope for a unified Christ 4 many disparate lands and peoples:
> ith Charlemagne came «fing and Christianizin f ‘
ar. pe nificent attempt at both unifying sed City was close. ne Eastern and Western churches,
RN it wasn me d that the vision of the Sact on. As the rift grew between. " ion quarrel. Those of the
Dy rejoiced, for it ean trife almost tore apart the Te so did the Singers of the Seas vs co-equal status: The
Qed Unfortunately, st Rome and Constantinople hhile Eastern Singers argu nity, and thus to
bey inating in the schism between SOW Te arrers theological, while "0 a5 a serious threat to unity ate
ro) culminating macy of Rome in @ ‘Western, saw the schis ia, ina moment of wisdom,
a .d for the supre! xclusively . ff and the Curia, in admit.
RN West 2 wee Cabal of Pure Thought, race e Byzantine Singers: The pone eng theologians Were able toa
ANY ones d argued for the subordination Rene ‘and Constantinople that
» aN ‘ en Rot A at
Be ignored hems ase rae a comin ae vasned in belief was ig Soauale Voices, but it was = ety cae
‘ i still in sight, ; int for unity among jon, became the enemy, an ¢
AN The Sacred City wa? e another rallying-point for eof the Congregation, S z ‘i for the Cabal o!
first a victory
RNZ The Crusades ee Muslim Singers, never fully spa Crusade proved to be beats € the Cabal from the
gtSap, marginaliingnon-Chest nme the victor's prize. The a eecsle led to the official ousting of the
bse watched theit own 211 feat; the repercussions of f them. the Declaration
op, a del hy for {n 1325,
z yht, and then : §ll harbored sympathy of Reason. In
og Pure Thought, ough many Singers still hat merged as part of the Order
Fn? Co : an Jater, the Cabal of Pure beers City slowly began tumbling down.
neh Lessthanacentury 11° 4, and the walls of the Sa
oS Ivory Tower was araites
oD, of the Ivo
RON Timeline
imelin :
KN © 325— Cope of Sees Holy Roman Emperor.
Bey 800 — Charlemagne
ZN os cae ae ee against the Cathars in France
RNZ + 1208-1244 — ADiBS Tower.
i f the Ivory 10%
doap 1325 — Declaration 0!
B wH
BC LL Celestial Chorus
ia pala > > Qa > a Ne > a of > a a a (| a
a (7 [=] 7] > > > >
SNE AZZ AA AZZ PAAR NAAM EAAAARNAAR
PNW ACSA ACSA AC UC KC Sy AY OY KIKI,
IWS ASSESS ASSCSE ASSESSES SSNS SRS SES SESSIONS

ASZLOV PSZLOV PIZLOV PIZLOV PIZSLOV PSZLOV PIZSOQV PSZSOQV PSPS PSPS OVI OF
LSS ONS ON ONE ONE NOSE NOSE SNS
IRONS NRC N ALON NRNRAN RANE ZN GZ NAONGAS
Es AGN eA GNasZ GN ae ZN aaE GO eG" "05 ea aZJ, DS
MRR NBA WERE AI eaQA agQ e Q OQF S eet]
Si
The Aachen Manifesto Though, the society of Awakened (once lied wth ow Cone YAS A
gation) who may have contributed to the Inquisition's success QaeNd
Early in the ninth century, a militant offspring of our group 1 This vision of the Lord came to me. NY
relocated from Rome to Aachen, the capital of Charlemagne' s empire. 4 ‘Uoea moune cherererazell'many-cheepy Some NW
=

These priest-knights , Christian Singers who excelled equally in the arts
of war and magick, gathered at Charlemagne's palace. The Palatine
Knights — who have since come down in history and legend as the
Paladins — swore holy vows to protect humanity and all Creation
from the soldiers of darkness. Their creed has remained a model and
inspiration for all who would take up their name and their cause.

Note that their use of the phrase "Chorus Celestial," although
common in oral lore, was one of the first such written formulations.
No doubt, it was influential in 1461 when Valoran reunited us as
a Tradition of the Council of Nine.

The Palatine Creed

We, of the Sacred Congregation of the Chorus Celestial,
assembled in the Sanctuary at Aix- apelle, do pledge on
this day, the 11th of November in the 800th year of Our Lord,
to become true Protectors of Mankind.

We take now these Holy Vows, in the name of the Father,
the Son and the Holy Ghost, that no creature of Infernal
influence or vice kind shall pose a threat to Humanity:

1. From vampires, discarnate spirits and other evil dead
shall we safeguard Mankind;

end Humanity;

IIL. From demons, succubi, incubi and any other dark
spirits shall we protect the Innocent;

1V. From sorcerers, thaumaturgists, warlocks and others
who traffick with dark forces shall we shield the Powerless;

V. From the Dark Singers and all who would desecrate or
pervert the Lord's good Creation shall we preserve the Earth.

Let our War Song be heard and our battle cry be trumpeted
across the world, fora powerful army unto the Lord shall we be.

In the name of God, Amen.

The Visions of Lucien

Lucien ( d. 994 C.E.) was one of the most enigmatic — and
prophetic — voices of the Third Age. He wandered into a monastery
at Lyon; his past was, and still is, unknown. He was famed not for
his mysterious origin (almost common during the Mythic Ages), but
for his Song-delivered prophecies. Unlike many millennial prophets
who foretold the coming of an imminent Apocalypse, Lucien foretold
other days that would be just as dark and dire. His visions were
collected and numbered almost immediately after his death for future
study. 21 of his 49 visions and prophecies have been fulfilled, although
not all are of the same magnitude.

Xllth Vision: The Blood-Soaked Days

These prophecies now speak clearly of the Inquisition. It is
presupposed by some that the "hard-hearted shepherds" represent

grazed neara cliff, close to the edge from which they would fall
to their doom, while others grazed far from the dangerous
precipice.

3 Some ate grass, filling their bellies with the food of
life, while others ate rocks and thorns, till they bled and
bleated.

4 And there were many shepherds for these sheep,
and they watched over them; standing guard with crooks and
watch-fires, they were to guide the sheep away from the cliff
and the rocks and thorns.

5 Butsome shepherds saw only the word of their duty,
and notithe intent, and they hardened their hearts. They
punished those sheep that did wrong, though the sheep are
but animals.

6 While some shepherds would gently pull back from
the precipice those sheep who were too close to the edge,
others smote the sheep with their crooks, splitting their
skulls. And while some shepherds healed and nurtured the
sheep who ate rocks and thorns, these other shepherds split
their bellies and let them bleed.

7 "For such isthe price of disobedience," they said.

8 And then came the time when these shepherds
would beat and kill those sheep whom they suspected of
approaching the edge, or eating rocks and thorns. And finally
these shepherds came to burn and smite those of the flock
whom they suspected did desire to approach the cliff or to eat
the rocks and thorns.

9:

10 And finally these same shepherds looked to the other
shepherds, and questioned whether they were harbored sympa-
thy for the disobedient sheep, and were lax in their duties.

11

and watch-fires and turned on the other shepherds.

"For such is the price of disobedience," they said.

And these hard-hearted shepherds took their crooks

12. "For such is the price of disobedience," they said.

13. And the owner of the flock came to the mount, and
saw that he had no sheep, and that the mount was covered
with the blood of sheep and shepherd alike.

14 And he wept for the wounded and slain, and his
lamentations seemed endless.

15 And the owner turned on the hard-hearted shep-
herds, cursing them and all their progeny. "I asked you to care
for my sheep," he cried out, "but you have destroyed them,
and your fellow shepherds!

16 "And in so doing, you have destroyed yourself. For
such is the price of disobedience."

17
are the shepherds, and a time of blood is coming, when some of

And the Lord said to me: O man, you and your Singers

either those mortals who led the Inquisition, or the Cabal of Pure your midst shall punish the flock instead of guiding them. os G
Q
a is a a 5 a 5 a {Chapter Ones Theogony B JESS
SSS
Se IC RIC ICI NACA CASUICAAR NAAR ING
PICA MAA AaaemPBaryvi-AgryAgyyvVAZiy AC VAZad AZo) QALY
SE NN INNS GING PII ENNIS

IA

) Vall
PALA of
SOs

(se8 Gohbssew'

RS
Nn. 4

XXVIth Vision: On the
Promethean Uprising

While the activities of the Prometheans — not yet known as

the Order of Reason had continued unabated, they were
generally met with mixed success. Still, their eventual paradigmatic
revolt in the 14th century was unforeseen except by those who
listened to the words of Lucien — one of whom was Valoran, who
regularly studied these prophecies

1 This vision of the One came to me

2 There was aman, bound toa rock in an endless sea,
immobilized save for his writhing torment. He was here as
punishment, for daring to steal the fire from Heaven:

3 Three eagles flew above him, circled him, each
taking their turns at striking his liver. And itcame to pass that
these eagles turned to speak to each other while aloft

4 The first eagle spoke: "We are here to follow the
dictates of the King of the Skies, He who placed us here, for He
is good and just, and this man attempted to usurp that which
belongs to our King."

5 And when he was through, he again dove to strike
the chained man

6 Thesecond eagle spoke: "We are here to understand
the secrets of flying and the mysteries of nature. We question
why lightning strikes as it does, and we desire to control it. I
know not of your King."

Celestial Chorus

y
WSIS

a
S S
EAE MAZR NAA

7 Contemplating this, he ignored the chained man

8 Thethirdeagle spoke. "We are here to experience the
joy of flight, to thrill at the beating of our hearts, to draw power
from the blood of the chained man. I know not of your King."
9 Contemplating this, she ignored the chained man
10 The first eagle spoke again. "You are both wrong."

11 Totheseconde:

he said, "You desire only power

ut not wisdom."
gle he said, "You seek the dark

and secrets and knowled;
12 And to the third
thrills of physical life and not the lessons they offer."

13. The first eagle ignored the chained man that he

Fi

might argue with the others, until it finally came to pass that
all three eagles fought each other in they sky, ripping and

rending at each other until they could barely fly, and they

went to the chained man's rock for rest

14 And when they alighted, they saw that the chained
man was free, for they had forgotten to watch him.

15 Weakened as they were, they could do nothing,

16 and he chained them to the rock,

17. and he reigned as king.

18 And the One said to me: O man, you and the many
Singers are the eagles, anda time of tears is coming, when you
shall no longer fly and shall instead be imprisoned by those
which you should have contained

Excerpts: The Book of the Fourth Age

The Kingdom of Godis like this: a woman journey-
ing homeward failed to notice that her cracked jar

Book. Since we now live in the Fourth Age, hymns, texts and
psalms may yet be written that can be added to the canon. As

trailed grain until, by the time she finally arrived, it is, the current statements of ou are produced during OBA
@ the jar was empty, the grain lost. this Age, and among the most significant documents of our DW
— The Gospel of Thomas history have come aboutsince the ascendancy of the Order of We
The living nature of our Book of Ages is Reason. a
nowhere more evident than with the Fourth One¥o
sy Nii
4 Dis igm of 4
A e of Reason, the paradigm N
F rth Age, in Brief tion. With the rise of the ae ng
The Fou od for the Congtega _ started crumbling. imes  QESN
‘Age was a tumultuous Pet Jowly working to (sometimes verbally, sometint Bee
uae aH the Congregation syne from without. Externally it hie i the Messianic Voices a Ns
the Sacred City — ¥ - divided within and under s¥ itches of the Verbena. niet ts tion. Meanwhile, 0
‘The Congregation 0 withthe Hermetiemass a eles ea ame Verbena blamed ane
i sci ix hile non-Christian indiscriminately. it nD
physically and somettr er Christian theology, while heretic alike, almost it ‘ble time was had by al Bey
{fered from divisions o" taking Christian es. And a miseral : loranwas DW
the Inston' ae ae we Conreetion® ey panes: and reunification; ch et oe isparate NV
whl F : t, ynaged to
the Congregation, even rion was in desperate NOS" 9 is charismatic cleric ma! veinalized Non 3G
id-1400s, the Congres! angel Gabriel, ¢ d draw back the margina : ox
By the mid-1400%, Citing a vision of the arc ics and Verbena, an‘ Council of Nine under Ons
as a Godsend. Citing with the Hermeti ified face to the Cow <i}
ee the Messianic Votes ne Congres jon was able ve Brera eal to Valoran. efanches NY
Cian oe eee * an ancient name, rarely se ks re Protestant Se os es of the aS
the name the Celestia' Ta sion within the new Chorus: S71 a orus. Thankfully, 1 yGerman JRONp
: Unfortunately, this did not oe ‘i eae new stresses developed ts together. Tales tell of t¥0 ea coal nearby Dw
entered away from the Roman ear Ihe Nephandi managed tokeep the nO polityyuponhearingofat Tate eeieee NOS
ae trengthened Order of Ress ands z a inconstant stifeover denon yetheans—and then resumed their a Ee N va
newly-streng! » Catholic, eng! ‘ and dealt with the Pro nas essing age, humal = g
heranand one! heir forces and dea json. With each progress ‘ ed ON
Adytums,one Lu con, the Singersallied fature on the horizon. heotherwise-opposed BEAD
f the Order of Reason, te Chorus saw a dark fut tobringtogether the ather YW
Ponts Order of Reason ee si aon hase these external hee a a of prestige and ian = ia N .
and further away fromreligion "| agregation still Iams ical arguments fell to the .
tured further ame Certainly, some within ost, however, theologic! ion of hope- SS
jons within the Chorus. Cert? inly the minority. For most, ROWS TG the restoration ss
attic over theology; a eee "The true battle was for jhumanity's salvatic Ni
( emed irrel -
religious differences s¢¢ Ne
c i S- 16
Timeline > tion; Congregation reunited as Celestial Choru =
© 1466 — Grand Convocation: Besos, ‘ ab
" sate formation begins: . 5 tion. oN
#1517 — Proms an < Pgent and the Catholic Counter Reforma We
1545-63 — Counc Iseenowa perfect City, built noton selfishness and egoand a
pride and greed, but on the love of the Lord. Are we not on the ee
. verge of founding this City? Does not the common man tremble LYN x
e Sacred City omens
under the fear of God, and quake for the love of Him? Isnot the WYQa
Thisanonymous tractisknown foritsclavty;itsumsupinafew  Lordatthe centerofourhearts,ourminds,our thoughts? [tisnot Na
short pages what many other Christian philosophers and theologians enough that the Creator resides within us — within us all, QRS)
would agonize over in any number of books and summas. It speaks Awakened and un-Awakened alike — but that we acknowl- Dv
of the sacred paradigm built in the Middle Ages, when the Congrega- edge His presence, that we pi and glorify Him. When the V uF
tion twas at its zenith. That it was written during the beginning of the whole world, andall its citizens, share an equal love and respect a6
Fourth Age, when this paradigm was collapsing, is ironic. It is often for the Divine, then shall thi d City be built, and then QO;
8 B Ni)
said that we shall not appreciate what we had until we have lost it. shallaall Ascend. Even now we are working toward buildingthis Awl |
Diy, brick by brick. And each soul we turn towards God shall We
be a brick of this City, and it shall be a glorious sight! 2G
S285
Chapter One: Theogony 5 (EAS)
DO 62 »2 »2 »2 »2 »2 DISS
& a & a > % Ss > > > a
ae LOR ee LU ea oe Ute ee eU Ny
NOSES AOS DOSES DS SCS NO SESSIONS SSIS ENS DSSS NW


CHapth' ‘Two:

ThoERCHiNIGiO
(Teachings)

The Lord is my sun and His rays have lifted me up
| And chased all darkness from my face
In Him I have acquired eyes eS

and seen His sacred day.

— Odes of Solomon, 15.

§ Introduction

The Enchiridion's author, Sister Genevieve (1879
1957), one of the greatest Choristers of our century, was
known equally for her devotion to the Christian faith, her
loyalty to the Chorus and her almost limitless love for the
un-Awakened. Settling into a comfortable old age, she
tured to instructing less-experienced Choristers; never
taking on the role of Praeceptor, she nonetheless was free

|. The Principia

with her advice for any member of the Congregation. Her associates
collected transcripts of her various talks and combined them into one
manuscript which she edited shortly before her death

Her Enchiridion (from the Greek term for "handbook," or
"manual" is broken into two parts, the Principia and the Congregation
The first part discusses the essential truths of the Congregation — our

beliefs on creation, cosmology, our Divine role and so forth. The second WV 3
half is far more mundane, discussing the organization of the Chorus and 166
other relatively worldly affairs ORD

We begin first with a discussion of the principle
truths of creation, on which we of the Chorus have
the deepest of insights and inspirations.

A. The One

— Sefer Yetsirah

The One is our Creator, called many names: he
is the Lord of Lords, the King of Kings, the First
Cause, the Ens Entium, the Author of our Being, the
Great Mana, the King of Light and the Lord of Greatness. He is the
All-Singer, the First Note, the First Song, the Endless Symphony.

Heisthe Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End, the Be-
all and the End-all.

I. On the One's Gender

Our Creator is genderless, but for the purposes of our limited 8G
comprehension, the One manifests to us as male. Some in our QReND
Congregation contend that the One is female, or neuter, or both. |
pay little heed to such arguments.

IL. On the Symbol of the Sun

Asthesun shines in the sky and illuminates our day, so does the ges
Lord God burn in the celestial firmament. It is for this reason that
itis right and proper that the One and the sun be ever linked, for the
sun is the only visible symbol of the Creator which all may sense}

sd
Q
ee ee ee ol ee ee JESS
SoD
eee DNR ACR ENA AACA NCAT NINA
AZM AZM PAZ AZM AL ALN AA AZ RAL AZ RAZ AY)
BSNS INNINGS IIIS EINES NS

those with sight may see this symbol, and even those without sight
may still feel its warmth.

The sun is likewise the bringer of light, that light which dispels
the darkness and drives away the myriad evils that thrive under
cover of night. Let those who would dedicate their lives to combat-
ing the Nephandi and their ungodly ilk remember the power of the
sun, and like the sun, let them burn away all that which is wrong!

However, let us be mindful that the sun is symbol, not object,
and that we should not descend into the banalities of sun worship.

B. The Many

The Divine Light rays out immediately upon the Intelligences, and
is reflected by these Intelligences upon other things

— Dante, Il Convito, Ill. xiv 2

The Many also have a multitude of names: angels, daemoni,
devi, demigods. These names are irrelevant compared to their
reality. Just as the One is viewed as the sun, some within the Chorus
liken the Many to stars. While modern astronomy understands the
stars as distant suns, our cosmology understands them as the human

eye perceives them — smaller lights suspended in heaven but
dwarfed by the light of the sun.

Our scriptures read, "The few who remembered the true Song,
the Song of the One, walked the Earth, ministering to all His
children./And we were like unto gods then, for there was little we
could not do." Our origins and our mission are clear, as bright as the
sun itself, We were like gods; the other Singers — be they circle-
drawers or herb-collectors or any other Tradition — may have
powerful Songs, but we represent the Lord. As He showed mercy to
His foes, so should we. But as He
those who continued their dark ways, so too do we have like rights
and responsibilities.

The Many are also called the Pure Ones by the demented
scholars of the Hermetic Orders, who ever sought to replace one
valid term with another in their desire to wrest away our stewardship
over the Slumbering ones.

C. The Soul

The soul continues as an instrument of God's harmony, a tuned
instrument of Divine joy for the Spirit to strike on.

— Jacob Boehme

We must begin our discussion with a contemplation on the
nature of the soul. For it is the soul, the burning spark of God within
us, that defines who and what we are.

I. The origin of the Soul

It is an indisputable truth that the origin of the human soul is
the Lord. He created, as we are taught, the Many from Himself, and
the Many became a Multitude and were given worldly form. As the
Multitude came from the Many, and the Many from the One, and
as we are manifestations of the Multitude, so then do we understand
that we come from the First Cause. Our soul is that shard — called
by some an Avatar — of the Lord carried within our mortal sheath.

IL. On the Awakened

As fragments of the Divine, we all contain the power to Sing,
to create. But in most, this power is diminished, the Song unheard
For some, the ember of the All-Singer burns greatly, for others only

re

Iso showed terrible justice unto

within them is silent, their Avatars sleeping. Such humans —
Sleepers in the common parlance — make up the bulk of humanity.
But in a few, such as you and me, the shard Awakens and yearns to
Sing again, to create, to shape reality.

The Chorus recognizes that Awakening may occur in one of
two measures: through deliberate action on the part of a Praeceptor,
or through spontaneous experience. Either method brings about the
same result: the Avatar Awakens and the individual fee
stirrings of the Divine within. Although our Congregation prefers
the former method (which is typically compounded with guidance
and instruction) that the Singer may be taught the truths of our
history, we recognize that some Avatars cry forth of their own
accord.

III. On the un-Awakened

That we all come from the same Many who were participants
in Creation cannot be disputed. However, there are many who
would thus set ourselves above the flock which we tend. This is as
great a heresy as that which drove the original rebels to sing against
the One.

While we do hear the Song of God more clearly than do the
Songless, and we do possess miraculous powers, and we do guide the
common man, we should mindful that the common manstill
houses a Divine spark which one day may Sing as loudly as the spark
within us.

D. OnAscension

The thought of you stirs him so deeply that he cannot be content
unlesshe praises you, because youmade us for yourself and our hearts find
no peace until they rest in you
—St. Augustine, The C
It is the goal of all Creation to return to the Creator, to be
restored to its primal state of perfection and bliss. Ascension is

the joyous

mfessions

nothing less than Apotheosis and reunion with the Divine. Some
may reach it individually of their own efforts, while others must be
guided slowly toward perfection. The un-Awakened soul may As-
cend ifshe has liveda pure and virtuous life; however, this Ascension
most commonly occurs after death.

Every member of our Congregation should have two goals: to
lly, and to guide others to that same goal. One
all comea time

Ascend individ

ive todo both, however, and there s

cannoteasily

when a choice must be made.
Icis more glorious to reach Ascension than itis to guide others.
But it is more virtuous to halt one's own growth in order to assist
others. We believe that the truly virtuous may have Ascension
thrust upon them by the One as a reward for their merit.
1. On Metempsychosi

Our congregation has a multitude of teachings on the issue of

metempsychosis, known more commonly as the transmigration of
souls, or reincarnation. Some argue that the soul goes through a

yele of incarnations in its Path to Ascension, while others claim
that we are given a single opportunity during which we may reach
this goal.

A Chorister must come to this answer of her own accord, and
not begrudge her fellows for a variance in opinion. One's personal
religion often is a guiding influence, but not exclusive

consider myselfa devout Christian, yet I believe in metempsychosis
as well.

alittle. So many mortals do not realize their own potential; the Song

Celestial Chorus

epala 4 64 of
CONAN AA AANAZE

Op AGO GAR GAR GAR GAR GARG
sy p YRAC KALE RAC KAZ KAZ KA
ORS EASESS ASSESSES SEEDS SEE IS SEIS SESE SSSI SEIS

Rae NRE
aa Aa Aa eae
Bm GIA "QF BAAN ISON DDS SAS SIIASS
AMEN BEZN RENN ROD Mie ESONG
E.On Religio PROGR BOREAS
iS n belief which yokes a human to the Di " ws Be
that the root of religion, is re cues en tone OG

From the moment you came into the world of be
ng,
ligare, wm ig Gq
;

A ladder was placed befor
— Dn SME 3 hat mi ape Balas aaer which binds man to God, and our ety § BND
iericsteaeontteman, ejineorheriosincncte ns Qa
cy on them than they showed tourer?" ase
DS

"The Many-Tongued Fires of Faith
Or, the Chorus and World Religions ISS
by the formerty Al/Awakened, and that the path follow. Ni

; Thave sen the ancient Way, the Old Road that was taken
| Samyuttacnikaya, Il. 106

"= would be pointlesstolistevery seligion and how ithas figured intothe Chon' Jonghistory (andvice versa). However, since religion 3
"Ties at the heart of the Chorus' teachings and beliefs, asummary isboth useful and necessary. Do not assume that the absence of any religion PND
tte indicates that religion's intrinsic value — only I relative impact within the Chorus I Wy
* Ancient Faiths iy NOs
"The Celestial Chorus is the last repository for many faiths which the world atTarge consigns ro antiquity and history books, with no XG
er of smaller Christian heresies that managed ‘0 varvive the fires of the Inquisition just enough C0 sy
Ni
0%

followers left. This includes a num!

continue on in the form of an occasional Singer.

Some of these practitioners seek out new Catechumens who demonstrate deep spirituality not yet ‘committed to any religion, and N
attempt to persuade them to join their ranks. Other teligions may simply be adopted upon Awakening as a newly Awakened Avatar cries 0
out for a certain Path. Of course, these are always among the minoritys most ‘Choristers remain the faith of their childhood, but conversion Bt

wb
of

does happen.
ent of Chorus teachings, with its emphasis Kl

* Baha'i
Some consider the Baha'i faith — which originated in Islamic Persia — to be the fulfillm
‘onasingle world religion and its attempts to unify all faiths. This religion has relatively few followers in the Chorus, however, particularly @
e
q

because of its minimal missionary activity.
Christianity
tsiders asan exclusively Christian organization. Thisisacommon misconception, thanks

The Celestial Chorus isconsidered by most out 4
nship with the Christian' ‘Church. That the Chorus is predominantly Christian is true, but even so, a remarkable q
likely to bea Mormon, a Quaker ora Copt as he is to be a Roman. Catholic. And it 0

1

)

to the Chorus' interrelation
amount of diversity exists; a Christian Chorister is as
js not uncommon to find representatives of these disparate churches quibbling over denominational discrepancies.
This division has gone back as long as there have been Christians within the Chorus, from the days of the Gnostics, Arians and other
heretical groups to the present day. Both the medieval itinerant warning the Church of its greed and the Dominica
Chorus. Zealous, closed-minded Christians are and have
ity view. How

itinerant for heresy might both have been members of the
their numbers were greater) but they hardly constituted a majori

Chorus. Even during the Inquisition,
and too often they are perceived as the true face of the Chorus.
has long proclaimed i

.ctively shut outof the!

n Inquisitor judging that
been aminority in the
ever, they are a loud

tselfa champion of religious pluralism, itcannot be disputed that during the Middle
"Tradition" of the: Celestial Chorus

‘Congregation's leadership. The founding of the"
hin the

{ the disparate parts of the Congregation and the beginning of the

minority,
Although the Congregation
Ages, all non-Christians were effe:
in 1461 was in facta reunification o}
fellowship of the Faithful.
¢ Hinduism
The Congregation has had a long, rich history in the Indian subcontinent. Indian Cl
songs that predate many of the commonly accepted Western counterparts; some conform in message to
are unique and offer their own. insights. Contact between East ‘and West began with Mentu-hetep and wasstrengt
movement into India. From there it diminished, so that only minimal ‘communication passed between the two

restoration of ecumenism wit

horisters have their own hymns, scriptures and
the Western scriptures, while some
ened by the Alexandrian
Congregations during the

e Chorus. These Singers

mation by Valoran.
chat remains within th
lly finding

Mythic Ages, until the Tradition's for
However, Hindu Choristers are understandably angered by the Christian hegemony #
still fight for their ideological and cultural survival, and after many ‘centuries of being ignored by their European brethren, are final

their voices in a global Chorus.

¢ Islam
The goals of Islam and the Chorus are almost identical, in that both 'see submission to the Divine as the means of Salvation. It is not
surprising, however, that so few Muslim Choristers exist.
Bae Zt ekh& a U@
20 ZAR GE ZS a Cha ' sad
YSN Bee ee ee (Ss
2 VLE CO nei 28 oe Ne
ON

IS LEIS Pai

B \7,
AAI ESB OV RSBIOT AS OTANZSOTASZ

SV ASZS OV ASZIOQV AAO 9 8 = Be
( % % % GSM SL
ZONA TAZA NMA NaI inline rene teindardit 777)
4 o ap sc lands, with the Batint pla vesionaries tended tO
C= Q in traditional Islamic lands, janie Voices (whose missionani®!
‘ sence in EN Messianic ten
( eBatin have had awell-established pre the missionary activities of the N Tro the Chorus. The height fate!
t The Ahl-i-Bati 2 tendom. Moreover, tim A' inimical "aiitthe! Congregation argued
a Congregation played in Christet agen) many Muslim: fallof the Batini, many within the C tursions have occurred:
Bae, oreven tii their Ban PSST on Singers With eae pezaton previ' amEO SUT IDSAT Tustin
b cee even further, a5 ener However, wiser eee the Middle East (or converts), Si Th Chorus itself is slowly
cede . However, : .
g fullscale Se aia Choristers are those sae She andonly infrequently tee Muslim converts.
; For now, most Mus! wrin their own fellowships, ight eventually
i anon 10 a re ae closed fist, and anew tactic as ing Hebrew prophets who: eas
relearning of the open ib Bee gta  agback tothe earliest ofthe wandering ‘Awakened — from Abraham
in @ Judaism son to drawon in Jewish history, 20108 9°78 es in the Torah (0 ib ‘and he is credited for having
bs The Chorus hasa lene ee ‘and Christians alike consider mi ora Sanctuary for Jewish Singers,
d God. 3 sJe, the most. my .ks and then
2 their peoples toware re omon built his famed remap!» days when first Greeks at
R and onward. Sol "history — from the days f sinfulness for
fa a} eis many esoteric Works: those hurt the most by the Se caer: Voices who accused tae sand Christians.
Suir rely, the Jewish Singers 2° upon the captive Jews, £0 bloodily trade hands between
be Unfortunately, "+ culture and philosophy ched theirhomelands
ey nN Romans tried to impose dhe srsades,the Chosen of Deseo egation. from the medieval Jews. Choristers
-ecting Christ- During ig ience within the Congre! ‘cal speculation comes from Middle Ages and its
eee overs have had an unfortunate ¢xPe «greatest metaphysical SPe ands its contents. The M Jhical, cultu
CUS, Sev Srue a af because cho Kabbalah belongs and who Bett rr banners, serving as Philos A
= guest day over whose purview the cersted, uniting under he Chorus, but a few rernain as 18013
OY Hermetis argue (0 ae rors for Jewish Singers, But they PETE joined the Celestial ,
RON Christian ideocracy bas . ‘ si ‘Awakened. In 1461, most of these gt Jigions that tie their origins (
ah for the Je' hose religi jis 4
Ha a ny et Movement led "New Age." Some traditionalists argue re hui approach for ewes :
ne «The , "New Age' ‘enothing more -religi
oe The Chorus remains split over ae ae theNew Age movement i ena Snothing more than @ pseudo-t |
g N Divine revelation canbelp one sith, Some critics even pe ater away from the Chas ney poinetothegrowingnumber )
Ne of dedicating Dire ete or even the Nephandi, os A e movementisavalid Sa paNamteeal or religious ritual. :
Seal the Order of Bee Pe, however, contend ua aes s-Awaken without formal instru'
aS ~ Others within the from a New Age background, snore typically drawn 10.
BAN among the Chorus ye oa fricans or any other indigenous oetal setae politics and history
RINT * Tribal Religions Jey Native Americans, cai there exist a number of triba .d under the One.
iN if — be they shied However, be unite ¢
a tribal religions 1% inspiration. ‘at all peoples must f essianic
Gest Followers oT inks or visionary insp) d who believe that all peor} ons, By the time of the Mess
a the Dreamspeakers through cul sion ofthe Choris a eth pienso oer ios BY DENS), Some
9g ‘ ore clearly committe: bal singers may have been Cana ecm pagan literally means
S NY aside, are m tribal sings primitive (the

Early in the Congregation's history,

fl ignedtothesidelines,

Ny i ly, they were consigned (0 OT ee
ges one suinal conversions to Christianity, bu os
OX foetal day share a role as eq!

ey NY Tribal Singers hope to one day

S N of Chorister society.

‘* Zoroastrianism

theirreligionsseen as
till retained many @

ners in the Tradition'

e-dominant faith in Persia

their original faiths.

che fringes
eae leadership. Until that day, non the

they remai

a the Chorus, but its role in 7

J
om — is amino uuenced both Judaism and |
j
'

until the coming of Islat Bat bale

a i jon of an imperfect

aS i eee | crian eschatological and cost transformation o

Seah Zoroastianis — an ancy believe that Zoroas Ace emakinge fresh," the Renewal) eaten Maa, the Wise Lord
NI gious history is se gersbeli e frasho-kereti (o * adi, will rejoin wi panne:

Q religious history is sign"! believe that the fras M he Nephandi, wi ! a Sy coe

aN, Christy 22. nd chat al, ever the Tenn ing tly called Mag Men) va visited the newborn Jest:

into a heavenly ideal, a ein tage cotwilege Of Maat" (or "Wise '

B aes c unique linguistic F ners, the same "Magi

ea Zoroastrian Singers oe ie ess, astol0ges 2 ‘d diviners,
= f h— ancient Zoroas

OD, Persian magus

2 ANY

7 :
NG |. On Scripture
& Members of our Congregation are frequently confused over how
todetermine how the truths of our Creation text should be interpreted
against our own religious upbringings — whether the "In the begin-
Dp ing." ofourCreaton Hyman is closer tothe truth than the "In the
SOM beginning..." according to Genesis, or even Darwin. It has been easy
to avoid such matters by wrapping them incomprehensible philo-
sophical wranglings until we are no closer to the answer than we were
at the beginning of the question, while still producing some thousand
Beg pages of thetoric, In the Middle Ages, itwas convenient toassume that
Ww
BG 30
CONS, eS oe 8
SAAS es
ic OC OLSSAB ASSESS ASSES ASS

Celestial Chorus

[=]

ZEIQL

Qa QaQ
ZZ
RAZ)

AS

our own teachings were anagogical while the Biblical texts were literal;
in other ages it was almost compulsory to abandon one in favor of the
other. I personally belie' at both speak of principal truths, and any

inherent contradictic e either illusory or irrelevant

Il. On Heterodoxy

We of the Chorus should bear in mind that the One lies within
each of us, and that our manifestations of belief should depend more
upon our personal experience with the Divine than upon the
decisions or dogmas of others. Let those Singers who wish to accept

the tenets and doctrine of organized religions do so out of the

o@ a a 4
LENA A LRAT

SESS SESINSSSINSSCESINO SCS SSIS

NEXZSOV ASZSOV:
INANE
i $979

‘a

gladness of their hearts and the conviction that they are right — not

out of fear of reprisal. Likewise, let those whose personal religions
deviate from the accepted norm also do so joyfully. The heterodoxy
ofan individual is merely her personal expression of faith. Let their
beliefs only be judged in the merit of their actions; as youshall "judge
a tree by its fruit," so shall we judge the religions of others.

Ibelieve that the diversity of religious opinion within the Chorus
—much more commonly accepted now than during the dark times of
the Middle Ages — isa testament to the many ways in which the One
may sing. That we have practitioners of long-lost faiths in our group,
and that we have followers of religions otherwise alien to our world are
all proofs that the One speaks to each of us individually.

a. The Inquisition

Too often in the history of humanity, people have confused piety
with orthodoxy; the Inquisition was one tragic example of this confu-
sion, whena single-minded belief was imposed upon people, and those
who dissented — or were even believed to dissent — were punished.

Sadly, the more
Inquisitorial tendencies, and more than one Singer has worked to
suppress other beliefs. However, ithas always been my belief thatthe
ily without the meddling
of Choristers or those narrow-minded zealots from the Cabal of Pure
Thought. Humanity is capable of great evil and destruction without
the help of mages. Some would say that the Chorus pushed the cause;
I say we only rode the wave.

b. The Reformation

T have heard it said that the Reformation was pushed by the
Order of Reason as a means of removing secular power from the
religious authorities and as an attempt to further divide the Church.

lous members of our Tradition fell sway to.

Inquisition could have happened quit

any valid religious reasons for the Reformation, that it may
beena vehicle for grace. Even within the Catholic Church, many are
grateful for the Reformation, for it prompted the Council of Trent
in 1545, which began the process of codifying and reforming
Catholic doctrine. In addition, it opened up a flowering of new
Christian groups within the Chorus — Christians who were more

tice their own beliefs.

, While the Reformation certainly had some impact in
our own community — and did, at times, threaten cohesiveness — I
see itasa natural progression in the history of the Church, and an event
in which un-Awakened and Awakened alike wer

Isee the Reformation for what it claims to have been: a Reforma-

tion of the medieval Church and the beginning of a new era.

Ill. On The Sacred City

This is the vision I have: that one day, all the world shall be a
Sacred City, built on the love of God. In the Mythic Age
ofa Sacred City. This City, | believe, was built on ignorance and fear,
and so it could not stand.

«qual participants.

our Sacred City to the Skeptics and the
hem the keys. But when we do have the City
be one of love, in whichall people are willingcitizens,

I
sharing in the glory of the Lord.

Many critics decry the breakdown of religious barriers, the
opening of new religions, the syncretism of so many current faiths
This "world religion... is a farce and a sham," according to them
They dispute the validity of any such efforts.

Chapter Two: The Enchiridion

a
3)

a a
Bp, Zee ZF
YAY KA

ZB
SAGAS: SZ

ZNSE

But is this not what we seek? A common love of the Divine, in
which Christian and Muslim may share the same vision of God?
To look upon the face of God and see that, despite doctrinal
differences, we see the same One? I look forward to this day. I

speak this as a devout and pious Christian who prays every day for
my Muslim and Jewish and Hindu allies; not that they may see my
Path toward the One, but that they be granted success on their own.

F. Onthe Nature of Evil

And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the
pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened
by reason of the smoke of the pit.

— Revelations, 9:2

Itpains me to speak of those first children who rebelled against
the Lord's glorious and just vision. Error is always a possibility when
one has free will, and the Many were not created as mindless
automatons; thus God created children with the potential to rebel,
and some chose to act upon it.

We must simply accept that evil exists, and it exists solely as an
of goodness, beauty and truth, for these are principia of

Creation. Evil, mali Jid not come from the
Song of God, but from an abs z and a desire to sing
something better. So let us not fall into the trap of the dualists who
argue that good and evil are equally opposin, s, some necessary
"yin and yang" in the metaphysicks of the cosm:

abs

ci

On the other hand, neither can we deny the reality of evil, for
itis stronger now than ever before. We must be on the guard against
its baleful influence, lest we walk the same Path as the First Singers
who went astray, and we must be vigilant against evil for the sake of
the helpless.

G. Onthe End Times

In those days the earth will give back what was entrusted to it,
Sheol will return what it has received

and Hell will give back what it owes

For in those days the Elected Ones will arise

and choose the good and holy from those who died.

The day has come when they are to be saved.

— The Book of Enoch.

We of the Congregation believe that at some indeterminate time
in the future, all shall be rejoined; the Multitude shall again become
Many, and the Many will rejoin with the One. We call this time the
Reconciliation, the Reckoning, the Apocalypse. Some believe that
the Reconciliation shall be a complete unity, with God absorbing All,
and all the Multitudes dissolving into the One's burning light. Others
of our Congregation — and I fall into this lot — believe that our
reunion shall be one of Harmony, echoing the original Song; we shall
each have our own voice, but we shall all Sing together.

Atthis point, the Lord shall choose who shall continue to exist.
Those He favors will be allowed to continue Singing, while others
He shall turna cold eye to. And they shall be snuffed out, to exist no
more; as He created them, so shall He uncreate them. Those who
have come to recognize God in their hearts and to live virtuous lives
in accordance with His will, shall be chosen to stand by His side.

Many visionaries within our Congregation speak of a great war
that shall be the sign of the Reconciliation, when all the forces of good

and darkness shall clash once more in a great fury of destruction
sweeping hall be the proving
ground; those who fight for Heaven shall be among the redeemed.

Those who turn against the Lord have already determined their lot.

I tell you this: it is my personal belief that there are no
guarantees as to who shall stand on which side. There are some
within our Chorus who may in time choose to stand against Our
Maker. And there are those creatures of Infernal origin who may
ultimately surrender themselves to the One for His mercy. Let us
notrest on our laurels, content in our seemingly assured salvation,

e Congregation

We turn

our Cong

w to an understanding of the body of

gation, which propounds upon the

offered in the first part of our

Enchiridion

A. Our Mission

Lo! Good deeds annul ill deeds. This is a re-
minder for the mindful

— Qur'an, XI. 114

Ifithas not been made clearand evident yet,
then let the following words suffice: the mission of the Celestial
Chorus is to shepherd humanity toward Ascension and to prepare
for the Reconciliation. Wedoso thr

by instilling pie 1 Faith in

owers of dark-

on free from
id argue that
the sacred para-

er and corruption. Others w

Chorus has different missions: to r
ourselves upon the Technocrats, what have you.

Selfish and less important missions, subordi-

nate tothe Lords true purpose. A broad variety of lesser

upings,

minor orders and sacred societies exist within our
support the goals of any of these (and other) missions, but we,
regardless of our personal goal, must never forget our threefold

task

B. On Catechumens

One man spends seventy years in learning
And fails to kindle the light
Another, all his life learns nothing
But hears one word
And is consumed by that word.
— Ansari, The Invocations

Catechumens, or those learning how to Sing, are among the
most precious resources in our Chorus, and should be carefully
gathered and taught. These are the future shepherds of the flock,
ing prepared for a most noble mission. There are

and they are
chumens.

many ways by which we find our C:
Our Singers are taught to recognize that the One may be ready
to Sing in anyone. We must be vigilant, lest these Singers be

5
NOSE ASSINS SENSIS ISIS ERI BLE

7,
SSOGFOSOGASSOGSSSNG.
PACS AZUSA Za

Sedo,

SASS

=.

fo]


misguided by other Traditions or warped by our enemies. We look for
those who are of kind heart, noble purpose and resolute steadfastness.
They must care forall humanity, desiring tohelp those in need and ever-
ready to protect the weak. In older days, we searched for our members
among the priesthood and the religious orders, but we now look across
all of society. Social workers, activists, missionaries — anyone con-
cemed with bettering the human condition is a valid candidate.

Of course, some sense of the Divine is a ne
candidate need not be a dedicated church-goer, but must show some
spiritual awareness. This can only be determined through extensive
communication with the candidate, who must not be aware that she is
being primed for a higher purpose. If the potential Catechumen does
not display an inherent recognition of the Divine, we may still rely
upon her foraid and assistance, and may watch her for spiritual growth,
but realize she is not ready to Sing. Here we see how fine the line
between acolyteand Catechumen runs; the only difference forusis that
the Catechumen is an acolyte who has touched the Divine Within

ary requisite. The

Once we decide an individual is worthy of preparation, she is
slowly inculcated in the idealsof the Chorus, until she isfinally ready
for the Truth. When she has accepted the offer to join the Chorus,
she enters the period known as the Catechumenate, and learns the
history and sacred texts of our congregation. This rigorous period

OSPLOVOSPLOVAWPLE
, (A % GISSISSOMREZESS
BAAN BAA ORAZ ORAA BAA

often lasts years, until the student has proven herself ready to Sing.
When her Praeceptor deems that she is at last ready, the slumbering
shard of the One is roused in the Rite of Awakening.

however, that the our Lord rouses
some individuals of His own accord, and these people begin to Sing
bereft of any moral or theological instruction. Finding such people
is especially important; we must guide them in their formative
rs, lest they fall prey to ignorance or temptation. Some few

We must also recogniz

Singers in our history have come into our fold after Awakening
spontaneously and being taught — through revelation — of our
mission and history. Most spontaneous Singers need some remedial
instruction, but let us not look down upon them for their seeming
ignorance. Instead, let us hold them in high esteem for hearing the
One's Song without our intervention!

While we actively seek new blood, Our Creator guides many of us
toward each oth

stray meeting between strangers, a chance
conversation, can be valuable opportunities to meet future Catechu-
mens. In many cases, v

becom

ware of the promising soul through
e these come from the Avatar yearning
to be Awakened, contacting us as it stirs within the mortal sheath,
while others believe that these come directly from the One Himself.

dreamsand visions. Some belie

hip in any of these societies

\bers!
f 4 horus é {igious origin or both. Mer
4 Factionsin the C win dhe Chorus allied by Meloy
>) ‘There are any number of eam Choristers remain outside rd their own Salvation, and
% is purely optional of course, an «po believe primarily im working (OWare from the world
Anchorites 4 those Choristers WHO 7 Even though they separ: hermits do venture
i A iaieler to the extreme, fe ak time to rayne median fora cll ei cetn to learn or duty
iS jre into seclusion tO ' Masters have: " .\ they have some val
v imately retire into he Chorus i i if they feel they
D ice the real world," though, i , ey their Anchoritic pursuits. ‘Ged religion isthe means
Dn ts perform before they can continue "Thought, which advocated asingle, te apart pilgrims
ought, as knights WI a
Gre # Cabal of Pure bes vfervon oie calledthe aaa ¢ religion. The Templars originally knil :
BEN Lester from al bom na Chistian ge apparent destruction deh attacked by the Cabal as cae Bi
to Ascension. This! Z led by the 5 . d themselves being sve attempting to influence 4
iN in the Holy este 9 ae ee Singers within the ae that it would be ae Se cngenain Crusade (against
Ake: Unforcunately, many of the O° ing divisive. Soon this soc imental, ifcovert, force in Sasa
oe che Cabal soon develoed arene? srauingwithothet Se daa vn the establishment of the _ Cabal were revealed,
jpulate the un-Awakened an ny sent dualistic heresy) ane "he clandestine ations of the Cabal Wey
BONS manip re rance, inerirors of an ancient duc ministered In times the rs walked out of the Cone on
ANS the Cat ecame clear that the flock yee - V censuring the Cabal: in respon Iyeenment, the Cabal ultimately p
Irsoon becams égur Edict (1245), ce f the Enlighte! 2
Bes and the Pontifex issued the Siete ofthe Order of Reason, iene Onder was born. 1 Chorus, a branch who did not wal
2 Jess than a century i and in time the New ; nin the Celestial Chorus 2 and force asingle,
0 ANY to reappear Jigion as a unifying means, 1 Cabal still exists withi anipulate the Church an
rior to religion >: of the original ; Jy attempts to manip
LNG oe me tle eee aiden rveyorsof Reason and whostl covery
<I ‘th their brothers, who never Dee f this self-
os out with the 5 humanity. do the members of y
istian belief upon lew the Dragon, so de verful martial
BON, ign ofS Ge gasokrcomamen he A ha nh
\7 ‘ e — who members of vampire and hisilk. They are" Je they hunt the occastona' Tt din thei
LNY Just as Saint wae ieee thehorrorsof eae ene destroying the wolf. Whil oo these knights are fairly focused i
wah professed knighthood cerned with tending the shee © Ho not Lump all evils into the sam i
SS ni ydo
ON er omen tear eee mr scone Gane stutwthbeDeen h
out of their centrate on the evils 0 .d the true meaning 0! ain ° der of Knights, ded cates i
R NW mission, and prefer t0 com <chts totally misunderstand the hint at a clandestine orc
ean Esorerists allege that Hee eee of the spirit; these same acim
ZZ be viewed symbolically a rc hidden knowledge sfch century and the Frankish
DK. jon, masters of ancien! i alves to the fifth cent fairly
DSW self-perfection, jired Kings dating themselves echumens, and are fai
EoAl © Merovingians, the ner that it is a hereditary i Sony familial relations as Cates
<i z i jque in the Chorus in 1 powers. They take on 3
SAR This bee a veeiedl with strange and mystical Po' ie DesSy, RAL
(SESSS Merovingian dyes _ Le BOLOEAGATSCGA SECS ASSESS ASSEME

ow
OPLOVINHSS
9D! PSE OSS SS OS ry KY A
7 ~ TAS PONTOTZLOV AZ A PLM PY
mass

Clannish and secretive in their relationships
WAZ sometimer an "the Lon

Merovingians prefer
The Merovin
duty is to act as an

with other Singers, refusi
1-Haired Kings" i i

to let their hair grow for th
gians are known to take positi in business and Politics.
anchor for the Congregation i

ies might assist the occasional
* Septarians
Among the most consery,

‘ative members of the ‘Chorus, these fundamentalists argue against inter-Tradition equality. They believe ina strict

Separation— hence the wall, Of septum — between the Chorus and other Mages, insofar as fighting the Technocracy, orany of the Traditions' other

foes. For them, a Virtual Adept is as loathsome as any Technomancer, and the Hermetics and Verbena are the teal reasons the sacred paradigm

was lost. This group has minimal influenes among the Chorus, but it is steady and long-standing, and not likely to disappear any time soon,
* Latitudinarians

The Latitudinarians are less a society than a it

ASecsouue

8rOup with a common goal: the breakdown of the Chorus's hierarchy, which has not changed
much since its inception during the days ofthe Roman Republic and. codification during the Mythic Ages They argue fora radical reform, resulting 5
inaless centralized leadership and more tolerant behavior toward other Traditions. For the Latitudinari ins, the Chorus' history has been along,
slow one of growing intolerance and bigotry. That legacy, they maintain, must end before the Reconciliation fires consume the whole Tradition, ‘!
* Monists ¢
While some within the Chorus eve against the breakdown of denominational differences and condemn religious syncretism as insulting $4)
to the integrity of religion, the Monist. Npresent the extreme opposite view. This Sroup argues that the world would be best served by a single RY
slobal religion in which all divisions are dropped. Critics of the Monists say that this is an unreasonable goal, but the Monists are quicktopoint —- YX
out the results of their work: the World Council of Churches, which attempts to reconcile the many Christian denominations and the works M5
of religious teachers and thinkers who ty to demonstrate parallels between Hinduism and Catholicism or Christianity and Zen Buddhism, a
These unifiers tend to work diplomatically; rather than forcing a conversion,
inspired by their pious example 4

they attempt to convince ther fellows tog change of heart aD
reat speakers with prodigious debating skills ancl sterling character. XY

and persuasive logic, Most Monists are
* Sisters of Gabrielle
Gabrielle, a leading ancient Chor

rister and master of Umbral lore, fou
the Tellurian from

We
inded a sistethood of Singers whose Primary mission istosafeguard SOO
the horrors of the Nephandus, the Infemoles and the demons with whom they truck. iD
This exclusive group, open only to female Choristers ofall religious orientations, stresses martial magicks, combat skills anda thorough WY
knowledge of Otherworldly opponents Fa Choristers outside this Sistethoodare allowed entry to theirprivate Horizon Realm, called Neon V x
Delos, but those who have gone there ‘spor tha it sil reflects the splendor and grandece of ancient Greece. 206
* Alexandrian Society IBD
Once called the Thehan League, this society of Dhilosopher-priests contends that the divisions between religion and science are ony
artificial, imposed by the Technocracy Their solution to overcoming this wall nx not by ideologically bludgeoning science (as seen in the NOs
ettationists vs. evolutionists debate), but by acceptingscience into the fold ofreligious thought. Members of this rOup master both accepted N (A
(physics, mathematics) and esoteric (alchemy, quantum physics) sciences t, better prove religious doctrines (eg. the existence of the soul), =

and push for a revival of sacred science. Ta them, religious truth and scientific hypothesis ar

* Sons of Mitras

Sy
r2
© not as different as they might seem. Joey
The Sons are a small but ancient group which identifies Mitras,
they consider themselves the guardians of tradition and the
underground by theend ofthe fifth century. With the
the sacred Congregation from its many ener

» one of the First Sin,
Current military leaders of
Chorus' reunion in 1461 showever,

gers, as their founder

0
*. Asomewhat militant group, We
the Chorus. Due to

ties, they went Ss

J
they re-emerged and pledged to defendsand protect peto
tmies. These warriors typically look for Catechumens with a military background or interest, and WA
Ms among the more regimented and disciplined faceore within the Chorus. Wi
* Children of Albi
Inheritors of many of the Cathar teachings, this misunderstood
Pe Ctetstons, bur se "Constantinian Christia

One God, but in two "kin,
anti-material dualism se
considered apocryphal
out on this). Their me:

ond
group isa minority within the Chorus. They consider themselves XD
ns" — they are not followers of the Path which Constantine helped codify. They believe in the oN <j
isdoms" — the kingdom of God and the Kingdom of Satan (the evil material world, in which we are trapped); this NYO
*s them apart from many other Choristers, They follow the Gospels, in addition toanumber of other works typically 360
" and stand utterly opposed to any marriage of Church and State (their history of persecution certainly heart them

bers, in fact, are not allowed to hold any form of civil employment. Dw
The Children of Albi were forced underground asa result of the Albigensian Crusade and the Inquisition; they only reluctantly joined NOs
the mainstream Chorus, and only because of Valoran's sincere and urgent promptings. To this day, though, they remain hesitant to fully N €0
trust the Chorus, remembering all too well the fate of their ancestors. x

* The Nashimites

7 This small s

ORS
ct originated in the Middle East, and formea senor fora number ofancient Gnostic beliefs, with few interpretations iN N
OFtheir own, Thissect argues that the One Go} ontainsallpossiblitiesincludingthe capaci forevil—bynomeansanunusualargumere We
They also assert that Unity contains duality, and that either good or evil may one day become the predominant characteristic. The sad
Reconciliation will bea frightful batle, the Nashimites argue, because the outcome } Rot fixed — every soul that tums away fron good = QN0
helps tip the scales further in the direct of evil, andthe One God may, inthe end, hoe evil. j beso
hey aes within the Chorsscoffat thisparicularnan esseneo¥e similar toabelifheld mong Chor barb who proclaim SANG
that they are the future of the One J AWA
ANWSAVA
D oO sep BERGA KLEUR SEUSS GIN SSNS 0s
ZPerz Gas (VAG SONI
RENAN OSI
SOILS

C. The Hierarchy

The man of refinement turns his thoughts bac

Li Chi, Chi Yi, sect. 2

The Chorus is steeped in tradition and I
extensive administration. Some within our(
this is a boon, for our leadership has centuries of experience to rely
upon; others argue that it isa hindrance, old and out-moded. I myself
rend to ignore such matters, for they are trivial details at best, which

pale next to our true mission.

|. The Pontifex Maximus

Our Chorus is led by the Pontifex Maxi

the oldest ranking

Chorister alive. The Pontifex, "he who prepares the way," is rarely

anything less than a Presbyter in the Sphere of Prime. In addition to

magickal mastery, he must have displayed wisdom, prescience anda

deep love of God. The position of Pontiff is traditionally a lifetime

one, although it has happened that a Pontiff might abdicate in favor
of the Anchoritic lifestyle, or to become an Oracle. When the seat
becomes vacant, all the members of the Chorus gather at the
Celestial City to select a new Pontiff. Some Choristers engage in

debate, others in prayer and meditation. Finally, votes are cast and

a new Pontifex is chosen.

The Pontiff les and instructs the Chorus, but does not
command it. We do not place infallibility on him, nor do we consider

him the living Voice of the One we all have that capacity. Our

Pontiff is seen as a senior elder, and one whose advice should be
heeded, but we are not bound to obey him

Il. The Curia

The Pontiff does not act alone in leadership. He belongs to the
Curia, the ruling council of elders and Presbyters of our Congrega-
tion. The Curia meets regularly at the Great Adytum to discuss the

Chorus' mission and how it might be bettered. The Pontiff most
typically comes from this group, just as the Primus
tative at the Council of Nine

our represen-
is selected from among this body
The Curia has, in its history, acted in concertand claimed the right
of magisterium, or the authority to instruct and define certain matters of
faith. In the Middle Ages, the Curia was quite busy. We have thankfully
put much of that period behind us. While much of value was produced
during that period, the majority of the Curia's proclamations were little

more than punitive pronouncements of little metaphysical import

One of the current Curia's primary responsibilities is to keep the
peace within the Chorus, reconciling the various religious and ideo-
logical factions, lest they tear us apart. If we cannot find reconciliation

within, then we certainly cannot find it without

D. The Great Adytum

How awesome is this place! This is none other than the house of God
and this is the gate of Heaven

Genesis 28:17
The G:

central leadership. It is not of this Earth, residing instead in what is

at Adytum is our ancestral home and the place of our


currently called a Horizon Realm — a pocket of reality set just
beyond the confines of our own world. Our first Adytum was built in
Egypt, in the city of Akhetaten, by Mentu-hetep. When it became
clear that the Congregation could not remain physically locked into
‘one nation lest it wither and fail, the original Adytum was moved in
its entirety to this Horizon Realm.

In its history, it has gone through many changes, having been
called everything from New Akhetaten to the Eleusinian Fields to
the sstial City to New Jerusalem, based upon whatever religion
ned to hold the most sway among Singers at the time. With each
ance, as well; it
toaglittering

name change came changes in physical ape

changed from a classical pagan temple toa monaste
city of light. Now it is a juxtaposition of styles and landscapes,
reflecting the current diversity and plurality of our group.

The Adytum consistsofa central structure — the Oratorium —
containing chapels for the Pontifex and the Curia, in addition to
massive assembly halls for our greater gatherings. Surrounding this

edifice lay various structures and halls built as places of worship for
the many faiths that make up our membership. Each of these
structures, in turn, has portals that connect to various temples,
churches and synagogues across the world. A number of Choristers
make the Great Adytum their home, including the Pontifex, a few
members of the Curia and a diverse assortment of other Singers

This is a wondrous place, where a guest may praise the One in
glorious Song or quiet contemplation. Here It
ched the Knights of St. C
\d conversed with practitioners of rare and little-

ve read countless

rain with the

sacred scriptures,
Sons of Mithra
known religions. Our gatherings here are joyous occasions, and a

testament to what the Chorus may achieve when we act in concert

I have heard rumors of a dark and secretive Horizon Realm
called the Celestial Temple of the Sun. I have never seen evidence
of such
aplace de itis not in the character of our Congregation, and
I would be fearful of the motives of its inhabitants.

myself, and so choose to ignore these rumors. If such

With the plethora t
E of religi 5 @
Ba Some religious deen in the Chorus, it is not unfa 5
igion, Choristers share punked rae another. In addition to thos ae. to observe that the Chotus altua My
Soa Solstice olidays in common, ¥s celebrated by the members of, ce ge iG
¢ longest "day" of th spective 0
Chorus' most festi ue year — when the sun, bo! w
See ive holidays, filled with feasting aes | of the One, remains visible late i ate
'y of the Martyrs a multitude of joy filled into the evening — jg one of, SN
‘ ee on November 1, this holi "choral presentations, ne of the V3

ofthe , oliday ci y
‘Adytum, ae Petey Marauder, Nedlands ote all those Choristers who Spe ate xa
see far tale wish to include amon, 2 nocrat. It is a solemn occasion, Afi died in battle against the enemie. ay
aa, is should include those fighti ee martyrs those who died durin, ‘= ed by a Requiem held at theG ¥ \
Th ae eee ‘@hting on the side of orthodoxy or ried ¢ Inquisition; unfortunately, a \ 0
ee vi i NO oO)

é shore dayPof the eat re ictimized for heterodoxy, ae PS

Prayer. As soon as the
the sanctity of their missioy oristers gather together to

* Feast of the Gatherii
i rin;
This holiday celebrat h

Fe 9 res thi
‘orus in its earlies e frst ga

tales of the earliest members of the Con,
igregal

* Other Holidays

Tatu

tituals, oe a belie, various factions an,
isters,

for the decline of the cate faces observe a day of,

Y a solemn litur,

fa a a a a a
\ S S S > >
PWIA AZ KAZ AZ RAZ AG

the sun seems barely present at all

" theri ,
t manifestation, Mest ahs of the disparate Singers by Mentu

. rgy at the Gre:
tion as they struggled to un, ify Aree the

—isal

‘ Iso a ti
quietly médirare jade te of deep contemplation and silent

ole of the One in their lives, and upon

-hetep, the acknowledged

feast features serm
¢ name of a common mis:

"founder" of the

‘ons recalling the
sion.

dd splinter ‘thi

Stoups withi

Mourning on March oe Chorus may gather to observe their own rel
ig

lists every single holiday she Che wc is little chance that a comprehensive |
erves.

annit te
versary of the Declaration of the Ivory Toner

© liturgical calendar could ever be compiled wh h
icl

Chapter Two: The Enchiridion
ot
Gay

4D, OS

IW SNIFF ENS SES CORI LESAN

a a AUS
NCCAA

LB (hie


QV OSPLOV AYZLOV SIZLOQV AFZLOV AIZLOV PIZLOV AIFS QV PIPL OV PIPLOV SPOT REVO,
MXN SSG OSG EOE SGI ESSE OS SSSI
VADANADQENR CANON RQANRGAN GAN RGZANeANRBAN YA: s
MECN ERAN ER NEN AMR MER MERE ERIN DS
OA
ZN aj
‘S
Qneyo
F Dy
Cl 4 It | e : xe
PN

the PalatiNe ,SyLlabuS
(OPiNienS)

4
get
We
Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's goss
clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. Rat
— Matthew, 7:15 A ‘
Ne
Opeto
AN
WV %
2G
Sy
With the growth of the Technocracy came the Syllabus, first written in the early 1930s but frequently revised, aero
resulting vise of the Traditions; in the face of was one such rsule. Although the anonymous piece is obviously ON
1 opposition and ideological slavery grew the unity the product of an ultra-conservative author, it epitomizes the We
BEN of the Council of Nine. However, our Congrega- standard by which the Prometheans and other Traditions are ASA
SANG tion has always had a history of viewing the mages judged to this day, in addition to the various supernatural crea- Opeth
NY of the Traditions as misguided and even untrust- tures that we frequently encounter. Although the document DS}
worthy. As we were forced through ourexperiences claims single authorship, it was likely written by a group of We
to work together with them, we were also forced to individuals, claiming for themselves the teaching authority of the SX
B formulate our thoughts about them. The Palatine Chorus. See
= Ye
Introduction to the Syllabus owe
BSD
| To those who Sing with God, Curia, nor even as a Presbyter or Praecept, I speak with impu- NK
WY Hail and Well Met! nity, for I do not offer any new revelations or innovative theories We
W [am buta humble member of the Congregation of! only speak from the millennia of experience and tradition behind xd
the Chorus Celestial, ome who has seen much but the Chorus, and as such, I represent her Voice. Heed my words, One
spoken little. Now, after many years of silence, I that you may walk the right Path and Sing with the Lord now and Wi
offer these words to the confused and beleaguered for all eternity. We
forces of the One who must contend with the In the Name of the One, ox
growing armies of the Adversary. Although I do Signed, One
not speak as Primus or Pontiff or member of the an anonymous servant of God Nt
Ne
> Ses
5 = A of w= of wae ie ae wal it §sS3
FI S Sa =]
UCU EARS Uy ER UR et URIS,
DSCREN LINO NS LISI ISIS ISSEY,

The Supernatural

This portion of the Syllabus discusses the
"supernatural," a highly relative term used by this
author to describe all those miscellaneous inhabit-
ants of Creation, from ghosts to shapeshifters.
There is often dissent among the Chorus as to how
to treat and comprehend these creatures, and The
Palatine Syllabus shows us one such approach.

Q: What are the

Supernatural Creatures?

A:The Chorus teaches, in Her infinite wisdom, that the
various supernatural entities which make up this Tapestry
are all among the Children of the One. Whereas those of us
who carry the Lord's Song are the manifestations of those
Many who supported the All-Singer in the Celestial War, it
is also commonly accepted that the creatures of darkness are
among those who, in their pride and rebelliousness, sang
against or failed to support Him.

Q: What is their Origin?

A: Itis taught that the Creator's children fell into three
classifications: those who supported Him, those who resisted
and those who wavered. Those who wavered and those who
sangagainst Him were both banished to this worldly form, in
order that they might learn the lessons of humility and
loyalty.

The creatures of the supernatural — be they shapeshifter
or vampire or any of their kith and kin — are customarily
counted among those who did not support Him. It should be
recognized that as there are various degrees of rebelliousness,
so too did these manifest as the different entities — some
farther from human goodness and closer to diabolical evil.

Q: What is Their Nature?

A: It is also commonly accepted amongst our Chorus
that these supernatural creatures exist in a shadowy realm
between the Awakened and the Sleeping; their Avatars
have been awakened to wondrous powers, but because of
their own sinfulness, their nature has been perverted into
something dark and sinister, limiting them to certain static,
inflexible forms. Hence, despite their power — which often
ingers, even less

is truly overwhelming — they are not true $
so than the Dark Singers.

Q: What of Vampires?

A: The Undead rank among those who were the most
rebellious and hateful of God's children; their pride and
anger have twisted and warped them into wicked inhuman

Celestial Chorus

co) vy

CERNE of 58 8 op
UMA AAAS
ENON

beasts. The nature of their hubris grants them what they
most sought: power, strength and dominion over others.
However, it also forces them to feed off helpless Sleepers —
and others — as cattle.

On certain rare occasions, the Infernal taint may not
have taken root entirely, and some small bit of the vampire's

humanity might remain untarnished. In such instances, it is
believed that the Oracles may be capable of cleansing the
taint, but this is a true rarity.

Some contend that the Undead are actually victims,
ted against their
own wishes; thus, while they are sinister in nature, they

having ultimately been chosen and perv

re
not responsible for their condition, nor can they be auto-
matically considered among those who rebelled.

I argue that while a vampire's creation is usually not a
voluntary process, it is naive to assume that they are merely
victims; I propose that the very reason certain individuals
are chosen to become heirs to this vile her
darkness within them calls out to those alre:
as we know, like attracts like.

Q: What of Shapeshifters?

A: We must remember that there are two forms of
shapeshifter: those Singers who use the Life Arts to alter
their human form, and those creatures who share two
tures, one human and one animal. This Syllabus is concerne:
with the latter assortment. Many such shapeshifters exist,
some with the form of wolf, others with the form of cat, and
even others that share the natures of coyote, or bear, or a
myriad collection of animals.

Shapeshifters, like vampires
who rebelled in Heaven. Howe'
sheer wickedness than out of some quality of their nature
that sought conflict and strife. As such, they should be pitied
more than vampires. Let us not forget, though, that their
flaws remain powerful enough to warp them into savage,
uncontrollable beasts.

This deformity is one that, unfortunately, is carried with
them lifetime after lifetime, repeatedly manifesting itself just
after adulthood, twisting these poor souls into embodiments
of violent rage. In addition to such physical deformity, their
nature leads them to spiritual deviance; they come to think
of themselves as the embodiment of some Divine wrath, that
theyare the protectors of this fading tangible thing called the
world. This spiritual abnormality has built up, generation
after generation, until it has become a culture unto itself.

are counted among those
er, they did so less out of

Fortunately, such souls are easier to guide to salvation.
If they can be contacted, and persuaded (by Song, if neces-
sary) to abandon their reckless indulgence in violence and

SHIRG
recant their heretical beliefs, the hope that they may be LING

reborn into something purer remains. RN
Bey

Q: What of the Longaevi? Ns

A: These creatures have many names; be they fae, ot
fairies, or changelings, or Longaevi (as some in our Chorus One
still refer to them, in reference to their extended lifespans), DWV
they are a confused and confusing lot WV 1

Many in the Chorus believe that these creatures are a
separate and distinct species, like man or animal. Unlike QED

, though, they house within their breasts a shard of DN

the Divine. Some Choristers argue that these creatures have W
been given a different forum in which to work out Salvation,
separate from, (but not morally distinct from) humans, GRAD
lesnisrd char chinfallyTieiersethearuncenaor DW

the early Fathers of the Messianic Voices who, after much WV 5
deliberation and meditation, came to the conclusion that ¢
these changelings were wicked and mischievous children, QWRED
who rebelled not so much for the sake of pride or power but WN
because they felt it strangely humorous to do so. Their We

caprice carries on in this life, wrenching their forms and

Sed
making their mischief that much more powerful. The fact QR
that these entities often ally with shapeshifters is further YY
proof of their shared origins as Rebels. AV

0

Onthe Spiritual World as

A: Spirits, like animals, were among those creations oN
brought forth by the Singing of the Many during the Lesser V
Creation. These spirits mirror the intentand motive of their, G31
crearossome arerbencticial. actierare wischievous,jand' 4 a
some are truly baneful. An entire hierarchy of these spirits a

ranges in power and influen

Remember this warning: exercise caution when dealing ax
" oO
with any spirits that appear friendly or even "mostly harm-

less" — demonic phantasms easily befuddle! w

XN 4

Q: What of Angels? 38
A: We believe that not all of the Many were shattered neta
Some, those closest to God, remained in their pure forms DN.
that they might better aid those banished to the world of We
forms. These we call bya variety of names: the Seraphimand 4S
Cherubim, the Thrones, Dominions, Virtues and Powers, S820

the Principalities, the Devas, the Archangels and Angels DW
These are to be revered, but not worshipped, for theit We
closeness to Heaven and their primal purity. Theyhavebeen 53
known to appear to the truly devout and pious, to lend aid SB@4D
and counsel, or even to protect against the powers of dark- BI W)

Wee Ws

5 a apie Tee The Pats Syllabus ie se
SI > > > > Pe)
y EAE ANAC

SSIS SINS DSSSIIN


FAMQNG iz] go
CSc) :
aS G@: What of Demons?

AN A: There is much that could be said about these entities
The most authoritative work is Sister Gabrielle's Treatise on
IN, the Infernal, a most praiseworthy call to arms against the
SGU Diabolic. However, let me sum up the basis of her work:
Qy beser demons are the spirits that were created by the first
WAN Rebels. They can be dangerous, and should be destroyed
aN when the opportunity presents itself, but they are not the
Cel
peg truest threat
Dr We must be ever-vigilant against the works of the
iN \y greater demons, those of the Many who were the most
Qa wicked and baleful and managed, through force of their own
BOY ill will, to survive the Shattering and linger in their original,
NY powerful forms. They did not escape the Lord's notice — for

PONS nothing could — bur were hanished to nether-ralms and
{7 Internal regions with many names: Gehenna, S
QeAh

WG' the Inferno.

heol, Hell,

ON Of the greatest of these is Lucifer, sometimes called the
{NS Satan, the Adversary, Belial, Eblis or Abaddon; he was the
DING :

Sa leader of the Rebel Singers, and the greatest in pride and
GeS0 power. He is revered as laldabaoth by the Nephandi, and
0 some Dreamspeakers call him the Wyrm:

EQN ‘

NG When confronting demons, be warned! The inexperi-
Aap enced cannot tell the difference between the lesser demons
BSSY and the greater. Let this reminder serve as caution: the truly

Dr powerful and wicked demons are subtle beings, and the ones
WS to be:mose Feared, for thelr apparent: weakness. can leadia
Chorister to his own pride-filled downfall

aN Q: What is the Endless War?
i \y, Ar The Endless War is:yet another epithier for the
QAR, mission of the Chorus; for while some among us believe that
BSD oursacted duty is merely to coddle the Sleepers until they are
Ont ready to accept Heaven, others among us recognize that
i WS Ascension can never occur while Lucifer and his legions
ANZ have astrangle-hold on the soul of the world. The War that
GSO was begun in Heaven never ended. Although the Many
Ay. shatered and the Dark Children were exiled, the War
continues, albeit on a new battlefield with new players.
ING Those active in the Endless War, those dedicated to
8eSD spiritual combat, shall live a truly difficult life. The advances
ONT of the Technocracy are paltry compared to the threats posed
PANS — by the Infernal. Even worse than physical danger is the
DING threat of temptation ‘and ‘corruption, for nothing pleases
Hell more than to subvert one of Heaven's own

sw
SESS SSL SSS SSS SS SSE ESO NING
NET AMSW EMSAM SANNA RINGS
Th a IE?, go og go iw] Ta
€ Celesti LIRA
stial Chorus and OSG
aving our abode, then €mon 3
Spiritual forces of wicket) ns heavenly things, that 5 s Q
i of wickedness seeking to d 'S, walking in the spiritual K
— Saint A i 2 raw us ay command; »
ugustii way from Iments of G,
The Chorus, ine of Hippo, The Chrisian Contes our iod, we should war against %
% tus disagrees on m:; Ri p
Necessity of ares on many different j é s
z cnet with its influence. A firme all Choristers concur about the mal Y
Regardless, th ae like to lump a Spirits into fen exists over the role ofan " ee of the Infernal and the of
demonic hierarch, ¢ "horus as a whole has h monic category, but this j tral spirits"; some of the m ©
y (many of th as much to say (and much . is not a universal phe ore
to undermi: n em contrad: uch to writ phenomeno J
E syd hentai defeat demonic eo) seeeueral exhortations BS Si I femal: from Galaga of the RY
S that concey 3 mal, to manuals y
tales sh ‘ntrate on Storytelli; ‘als on the mea
ae Lane ee on temptation and ates ie the Eternal War. should be dark and gri rae %
‘al, and on the Nephandi Infern: uman weaknesses and spiritual Himphs Bi Not just spiritual slug-fests; such a

Q: What of Ghosts?

A: We turn now to the poor discarnate spirits of the
dead, be they called ghosts, restless souls, wraiths or any
other epithet. The nature of these entities is at first easily
enough r pure
pose, having died, are locked in Limbo. They h:
Ascended — as may happen sometimes after death if the
individual was a virtuous and obedient servant of the Maker
— nor have they gone on to another cycle of life in which
they may be given yet another chance to come to God of

{; they are mortals who, for whate

© Not

their own choice.

Some contend that these entities perhaps remain in

such discarnate form through some deep conviction that
keeps them from moving on, or because of some task unful-
filled. Even within our Chorus, some argue that this form of
afterlife is merely another stage in which the recently dead

may attain Salvation.

‘Or more information ¢

The Book of Madnes.

pn demons
8.

L answer that this is naive. It is foolish to assume that a
woman killed on an errand to the post office would exist in
some afterlife because of the urgency of the letter she was
unable to mail, or that an old man's affection for his favorite
chairis strong enough to keep his spirit on the premises. This
is blatant and unadulterated folly.

No, the magisterium of the Curia offers the truth on the
natures of these wraiths. They are individuals who still waver
from accepting the All-Singer out of some inherent weak-

ness of heart, and because they have not fully denied Him,
nor have they accepted Him, they still linger on. Theirs is a
truly miserable lot, for their own destruction shall come from
weakness of spirit. They shall wither away of their own
accord, unless they can come to accept God and be released
from their bonds.

The Disparate Singers

This portion of the Syllabus discusses the
other Singers, be they our allies or our enemies
For many within our Congregation — including
apparently the author of the Syllabus — there is a
clear division between "us," the Celestial Chorus
and all other Singers. This statement — like the
rest of the Syllabus — represents the most conser-
vative viewpoints. When reading the author's
thoughts on the other Traditions, for instance, we
can assume that he would have counted the late-coming Virtual
Adepts alongside the Sons of Ether, if not with the Prometheans
they once belonged to, had he added his thoughts to a later edition

Q: What of The Council of
Nine?

A: We must, of necessity, currently count them among
ively so. Let it be clear that we do

our allies, but only te

of the "Traditions" as full partners in

remedial allies. Our beliefs are perennial, having been mani-
fested by Singers throughout the Ages, and are the truths
behind all of their misbegotten fallacies. Their sins, at least,

as the Promethean hubris of the

are nota
Technocracy

anything, these mages are closer to the un-Awakened who

design of the Nephandi. If

have wavered, and who have forgotten the Song of God.

6}

Os

xy % is % a ny Chanter vee Thefalatine Slabs & Jess
©F 3 ooh geo Gea Gee eee ay LE ay Oey DOIN OO
OMA AMAA ALM ACWALN AE WAL NAZI AZ RS
US SENSES INSPIRES EISSN

Some among the Council have been our opponents
throughout history. The Verbena are among the worst, for
they would deny the transcendence and holiness of the All
Singer, looking for the sacred in blood and passion. Their
sanguine song has long been an affront to us, but for now we
must be tethered to them by our circumstances.

NY The Order of Hermes has also long been a rival, al
though it has gone through many names. The Hermetic
mages are the epitome of the pride-filled sorcerer who seeks
to wrest control of creation from God in order to satisfy his
NY own insatiable hunger for power and knowledge. From the
days in Egypt when they first sought the mastery of creation,
to their theft of Solomon's name for their hidden magicks, to
the Middle Ages when they were almost feudal lords, power
NY has ever been the name of their Song
The Dreamspeakers have, like the Verbena, forsaken
the supremacy of Heaven in favor of more trivial metaphys-
ics. They see not the Supreme Spirit, the One, and instead
dally with the spirit realm — a sometimes trivial, and often
NY dangerous occupation. Some among our own Chorus are so
obsessed with the spirit ways (particularly those from back-
water cultures and heathen religions) that they might well
be Dreamspeakers in disguise. We must watch them care-
fully.

BaxZ Celestial Chorus
[A

K&S
aN

ics SOLSSAGASSEASSGASS

S b& od bE sb S
Ny} 230 G30) G30), G35 Gse
Naz Ve ZA, Vas DARLEY,

The Cult of Ecstasy is an unfathomable lot, the canaille
of the Council. They cannot be accused of ignoring the Lord

it is hard to "ignore" what one cannot even see through

an opiate stupor. While some of them seem gifted in the

prophetic arts, these seers seek only the thrill of the day, and

as such are perhaps spoiled children. Although this group has

a long history, as a whole it still must mature. Then it might
see the error of its ways.

The

within; while the One is at the heart of all, He still reigns

Akashic Brothers seek too much the Divinity

supreme and transcendent. The Akashics have mastered
their own Divinity, but see this mastery as their sole goal.
They do not realize that we have a purpose beyond merely
self-absorbed meditation.

The Euthanatos foolishly believe that they can perceive
when an individual has lived past his allotted time, and
assume that by pushing a soul toa speedy reincarnation, that
soul has a greater chance of Ascension. But how can the soul

Ascend if it is not given a sufficient chance to practice self-
perfection, and instead is rushed through a cycle of valueless
lives? And who are the Euthanatos to determine what is
sufficient?

The Sons of Ether are a trivial and paltry lot. They

obsess over their scientific toys and have avoided the

Promethean heresy to a degree. We can ignore them while
they huddle over their playthings, but we should also be
aware of their possible betrayal.

Q: What of the
Technocracy?

A: We have known this group by many names and in
many forms: the Skeptics, the Atheists, the Prometheans —
all those would put the will of man above the Will of God and
who would deny His Existence. Some among our Chorus
dispute who poses the greatest threat: the Nephandus who
would corrupt and taint the Sleeping soul, or the Technocrat
who would deny soul's very existence. I cannot argue
that either is worse, for they are both sinners.

That we have fallen from the Mythic Ages is true; that
our vision of the Sacred City, once so close but now just a
memory, cannot be disputed. That we have the damnable (if
notalready surely damned) Order of Reason to blame for this
loss is also true. Once they were but a thorn in our side, a
minor annoyance, an irritant. Now they are among our
greatest foes because they oppose not just our acts of salva-
tion but our right to perform them. They have led the
Sleepers into the most abominable wasteland, the desolate
s and despair. For this they must be

realm of faithless:
punished.

There are many Conventions within the Technocracy,
just as there are "Traditions" within the Council. We care
not for these artificial divisions, for they are all to be despised
equally. Be they gene-splicers, electricians or mechanocrats,
they all share a vision with no room for the One.

Q: What of the New World
Order?

A: We do pay special attention to the New World
Order. This Convention may be traced to the Cabal of Pure
Thought, a group of Singers who nobly tried to instill a
uniformity of belief and thought in the Middle Ages, until
they fell sway to the errors of Reason without Revelation.
They now stand among our greatest ideological enemies.
While other Conventions hold to the Promethean heresies,
it is the duty of the New World Order to actually promote
disbelief and skepticism among the un-Awakened. For this
heresy they must fought on every front.

QO: What of the Nephandi?

A: There is little to say about these Luciferian mages
that has not already been said. They are a blot upon the Earth
and shall be expunged. They should be actively sought out
and destroyed, that their vile purpose be halted. We know
them to be our ancient enemies, from before the time we

lious children who fought against us and our sovereign
master.

Fear these Dark Singers, my children. They seek to
destroy our bodies and pervert our spirits. Nothing pleases
them more than to turn one of our own to their dark cause.
They are not content with leading those Sleepers who
would, as an effect of their own vile nature, turn toward evil
anyway. These souls are paltry morsels on their table, little
more than fodder for their cause. Their true delight is the
seduction of the innocent.

If you come across any Chorus barabbi, do not engage
them in combat. Notify the Curia, that they may call down
the fires of Heaven upon these abominations.

Q: What of the Marauders?

A: These Singers have been warped by the power of
their own Songs. Lunatics, they cannot be held fully respon-
sible for their actions. However, exercise caution around
them, as they leave madness in their wake. Some might be
useful soldiers against the Nephandi or the Technocracy, but
they could too easily turn against us or destroy our own ranks.
Some argue that the Marauders are the harbingers of the
Apocalypse; as their madness spreads, so approaches the
time of Reconciliation.

Q: What of the Others?

A: Not all Singers can be easily classified. Many in the
early days of the Council remained equally dissati
the Order of Reason and our own proceedings.
are what are now called "Crafts," while others defy descrip-
tion.

Such Singers can only be judged on an individual basis.
Some may be splinters of our Congregation from the distant
past who failed to unite with us in a time of need. We must
pity them and try to bring them into our loving fold.

Others represent the same sins and errors of the Tradi-
tions, and as such should be treated with caution. Offer each
of them the chance to Sing with us, and judge them by their
answer. Some may yet be brought into our fellowship, while
others will clearly fight against us during the Reconciliation.

Q: What of the Ahl-i-Batin?

A: The AhL-i-Batin, who once Sang alongside us, are a
special case. That they turned their backs on the Nine
should not be held against them; there are some who to this
day argue that we should not be allied with the other Singers
as "equal partners."

Regardless, the Batini are frequently men of Faith, and
should be respected as such. Although they have drifted from
our true mission, they are the group closest to us. In time, we
hope, their piety and devotion to our Maker shall lead them

even walked the Earth; they are the Dark Ones, the rebel- to fully understand, respect and appreciate our mission. Now We
is]
ON
4 5 5 - A 4 py Coventree Thelin Sylabus 45 JES
en
Zo Ze Zea Pory Gory Gor GBx Doar Dorr oro noe
MALE SAC IAC NAL AL ALS AEA AY
LASS IN NSIS IN I IIS NN

CARBAMAZEPINE INCA IRC ORC EIRCOM ONAL EIEIO
2.
COI SO GSA RO GSA GRA BRO GRA GRO ERO BOGE
ee
aN} <u that they have disbanded, they are leaderless and without a
Bye home; we should use this weakness to gather them closer to
0 NY us. When and if they finally join us, our ranks will have
DING people of strong arms and stronger faith.
QedD Until then, we must always be ready to remind them of

their neglect, and attempt to persuade them into righteous-

ness.

Q: What of Orphans?

A: Orphans count themselves as unaffiliated mages,
members of no group, be it Tradition or Technocracy or any
other such association.

Our treatment of them must be simple: guide them to
the Lord. Otherwise, consider them as one would any of the
Traditions — lesser allies. If they prove to be antithetical to
our cause, then eliminate them and let God judge
them.

Q: What of Hedge Magi?

A: Hedge Magi are children playing with
matches. On their own, they can do little damage, but
they hold the potential for great destruction. Some of these
minor sorcerers — Gypaies, folk doctorsiand what have you
— command only limited ability, and limited potential for
destruction. However others — particularly those who seek
the practices of ritual magic and other emasculated arts of
the Hermetic Orders — can grow too swiftly in power
without maturity or morality to wield their magics without
harm.

Some within the Chorus contend that such magic must
be judged in the light of the person wielding it, and that it is
not, of itself, inherently evil. | answer that this is naive; such
relativism will be our downfall. Those who seek magic are
granted it, and not by Heaven. Very few of these Sleepers
have reached their powers through recognition of the Di-

vine. Instead, their darkest wishes for power are granted by

the Adversary to lead them toward damnation. They are like
those of the Many who sought their own song purely for the
power of it, and they must be watched carefully

Q: What of Infernalists?

A: The Infernalists, the Diabolists, the demon-
summonersand devil-worshippers, the Satanists — these are

the very fulfillment of the threat of hedge magic. They are
Sleepers who have had their Divine Shard simultaneously
roused and shackled, who have sold their immortal souls in
exchange for the powers of witchery.

Remember this: every soul bartered to the Devil is
another piece of the One which will be absent during the
Reconciliation. Some apocalyptic visions even speak of a
Reconciliation in which the Enemy is the victor, because he

enchained enough souls to dethrone God. Of course, this
not possibly be, but such tales serve as reminders of what
we must prevent.

When you encounter would-be Infernalists, steer them
clear of their intended Path. When you meet up with
committed Infernalists, immolate them.

Q. What of the Inquisition?

A: By this term I refer not to that historical period, but
to a group of mortal witch-hunters who have taken for
themselves the mission of protecting their kind from super-
natural predators. This group includes the Society of Leopold,
a religious order affiliated with the Catholic Church, and a

disparate grouping of like-minded associates.

Of this phenomenon I have two things to say. First, this
is akin to the sheep guarding the sheep; while they may
develop formidable teeth, such guardians are still ill-pre-
pared to fight the waiting wolf-pack. Their Theurgy — the
only marginally acceptable hedge magic — is still a candle
compared to the bonfire of our might. Thus, witch-hunters
are to be commended for their piety and their bravery, but
should not be encouraged in their mission.

This being said, I must also add that the Inquisition has
produced many firmly committed soldiers in the army of
Heaven. This may be part of the Lord's grand plan, and He
is even now shoring up his Hosts. Likewise, some of

these mortals show such faith in the Divine that their
faith is a weapon itself. Even now, some few of our
Chorusactually came tous from the Inquisition, and
these are among our greatest soldiers.

Praise be to God!


Craptt' four
HagigevaPhy

Allah hath not sent a Prophet except with a beautiful voice

— Mohammed

The Celestial Chorus, like every other Tradi-
otypes. And as is
ay bear the

tion, suffers from negative

| often the case, these stereotype:
grain of truth in them. Too often, Choristers are
portrayed as narrow-minded zealots who wish

and
iews on others, through either persuasion or

nothing but to enforce their own belie

coercion. And typically, Choristers are seen as
Christian fundamentalists, Bible-thumping fa-
natics who would deny freedom of belief to all in favor of a
simplistic, overly moralistic "fear of the Lord."

Are any Choristers like this? Certainly.

Is this the norm? Certainly not.

While religion is the heart of a Chorister's life, ideology
and avocation, do not assume that "religion" automatically
means "organized religion" or "orthodoxy." While the Third
Age was an unfortunate example of how power can corrupt
religion, people too often overlook the fact that many

NSIS SISSIES

Singers were consigned to the flames of the Inquisition.
Those who wandered the countryside, preaching nothing
but a simple love of God and eschewing all political favor
and material gain, were just as suspect of heresy as were folk
healers and crones.

But realize that the Chorus is far greater than the
stereotypical closed-minded religious zealot; just as it is
theologians and crusaders, it is also humanitarians, social
activists, protectors of mankind, teachers and caregivers.
The Celestial Chorus is an anomaly in the World of Dark-
although it recogy the darkness within the world, it
sees the light unnoticed
thirsting for it, and repres
otherwise hollow and meaningless world.

so many. It offers hope in a world
nts a beacon of safety in an

This chapter portrays some of the diversity within the
Chorus, both in the form of notable Choristers throughout
history as well as templates for starting mages which may be
used by Storyteller:

s or players.

Chapter Four: Hagiography 49

D ZESe0 ge
ges

UN

cS

0, peewee
DiargdZr

AW)

SOD
WA,

Inaccordance with the uswal rites of their order, they engage Asyou grew, you also learned how your people had

themselves in study and the observance of vows}... they

were expert in athletic feats, adepe in archery, learned

in the scriptures, and skilfl in fighting with club, s
sword and shield... They shone equally in history, KS
mythology, and many other branches of learning, A \\ \\
; : AW\iN\\

WHC \\ Ts

wit

reall

— been alternatively ignored or dismissed by your
> Western counterparts, who grew fat in the luxury
of their power. But the Brahmins also said that

your destiny would take you to the West, where
dark powers were stirring and your talents
and mastered the inner meaning of the scriptures. would be needed.
— The Mahabharata, Adi Parva VII
Quote: Don't give me any more of your
parochial Western snobbery. My civilization is far
older than yours, yet you consign us to your "Third

World."
Prelude: You still remember childhood,

i Concept: You are the embodiment of the
\ ancient Indian philosopher-warrior, trained in
scripture and warfare, thought and action.
Magick is more difficult in the secular West,

where Reason reigns supreme. Unfortunately,
the ethnocentrism of many Western Choris-
ters is just as chafingas the sexism of many

re Indian Singers.

\\ ‘ Roleplaying Tips: You are

sitting at your father's feet as he read from
the Vedas, the Ramayana and t
Bhaghavad Gita. And you remem-

now an ambassador to the

ber feeling fear on the morning
your mother woke you early, I) West, and you treat this posi-
and walked you through the tion with pride and dignity;
twilight streets of Benaras, occasionally haughty, but
City of Light, toan unknown

temple for your formal pre-

with good reason. History
insists that your people's
\ age of glory is long past.
Thus, you rarely ignore an
opportunity to prove the
superiority of ancient

sentation to an ancient
Brahmin priest

Youlookedaround the

crumblingtempleforother
shildrani<— schoolmates Vedic ways. Although

neighborsand playmates— Hindi is your native
tongue, your English is

superb — probably bet-

but recognized none of the

handful of youths present.

You were surrounded by ter than most native

strangers; even Mother had speakers can manage.
Magick: Yourmagick —

typically consisting of Sanskrit

disappeared in the moment you

glanced away from her.
chanting —isancient, rooted in

the Vedas and other books older

Over the years, you were taught

the sacred sciences, the mantras of
than most Western scriptures. You

have tried to diversify yourmagickal
studies, but excel in Prime, the stuff

viously unheard of — in theirancient
tongues, ayurvedic healingand other of creation.

Religion: You practice the

Hinduism of your ancestors. Your

practices long ignored by the "mod-
em world." The Brahmins taught of

holy symbol is a sun-encircled im-
age of Vishnu, the Preserver.

the single unifying reality behind the

multiplicity of forms and of the sing-

ing Avatar of the Godhead within all Equipment: Mace, saber,

aspects of creation. You learned of the luxury car, incense, library of philo-
true Song of God, and discovered you sophical and religious works.

were one of His Singers.

Sa}
YS 50,52 BNP ANNE ONIN,
ERALZIAVAZ: ZA RAC RAAT RAGS)
OSS EE SINISE

WA||= sence
HorU

Talents

Bre vil

Dodge. ee
Expression__

Instruction__
Intuition__
Intimidation

Streetwise

Entropy.

Forces,

Subterfuge

Correspondence.

@0000

OO0000
@@000
OO0000
00000
OOOO0O

O0000

OOO00O0

____ 00000

OO0000

@0000
OOO00O
@0000

Backgrounds
‘Resources ©0000
OOO0O
OOO00O

Combat

Weapor Difficulty | Dan
Mace + |Sert2
Sabre 6 [Sutt

MAGE: The Ascension™
\] Name: Nature: Judge
N Player: Essence: ‘Oynamic
\ Chronicle: Demeanor: ‘Gravo
= Physical Social
Strength @@000 Charisma @@000
Dexterity. OO Manipulation__ @®O0OO.
Stamina __@@@00 = Appearance. @@000

_e

Conce pt: "Ks hatriya
Mentor:
Cabal:

\obuLes——_____|

Mental
Perception
Intelligence
Wits

T_T CS

Skills Knowledges
Do, OOOO0O Computer OO0OOO
Drive. @0000 — Cosmology___ @@@00
Etiquette. @0000 Culture @e@000
Firearms. OOOO0D - Enigmas. _@@000
| @@000 Investigation OO0000
Meditation, _ 900 Law__ @0000
Melee @@@00  _Linguistics_Sanskric_ @®OOO
Research, OOOOD Lore. __ 00000
Stealth. OOOOO- Medicine ®OOOO0
Survival OOO0O0O — Occult —_ ®0000
Technology. OOOOD - Science __ @0000
dees —————————————e
Life @0000 Prime @@000
Mind OOOO - Spirit OOOO0O
Matter. OOOO0O0 | Time____ OOOO0O
———— SE ————
Arete Health
e@e@eo0000o0od0od Bruised oO
, Hurt -- oO
* oc ae 6 Injured lO
sees soooeo — —
auled "é
Quintessence Crippled Sab
o° og % Incapacitated oO
g be)
Qa Oo 26 a
‘a Q Experience
© 9
© Cnn 3?
Paradox


Tribal Visionary

As a child I understood how to give, I have forgotten this
grace since I have become civilized.

— Chief Luther Standing Bear

Quote: Your words are wasted on me. You say one thing,
but your deeds prove otherwise.

Prelude: You always felt pressure from your people, the
Crow — pressure to conform, pressure to be one of them.
Why leave the reservation? Were the old ways not good
enough? You looked around at the despair and desolation
and thought, "These are what the old way:

ave brought us."

So you abandoned your native culture and went off to
Chicago to study information science and multimedia de-
sign. The Web, Perl, CGI, HTML — these were the w
you. In four years, you graduated cum laude and were
a promising job at an up-and-coming online firm. The future
was yours!

So why make that one last trip to the reservation? Why
visit the town elder, who had always tried to send you on
visionquests as a child, to teach you the way of the eagle and
the bear? And why agree to that one last visionquest to Pretty
Eagle Point — just to prove the futility of the old 2

ived
ppear-

There was no way to prepare for the visions re:
during the four-day period. Your Avatar awakened,
ing asa Plains warrior from the past, teaching the ways of the
Ah-badt-dadt-deah, He Who Maki Things. You discov-
ered your medicine, met your familiar spirits and learned
your power song. The old ways, you now know, did not bring
your people their fate; abandoning those ways did the deed.

You turned the job down and now travel the country-
side, bringing hope to other native peoples, ushering them
into the 21st century and restoring them their ancient past.

Concept: You're young, hip and full of attitude; most
people just pass you off as a tattooed "urban aboriginal."
That's fine. You know you have what it takes,
if you don't "look the part" of a medicine man? There are
more important things than filling a stereotype, and you
know that the wine is more important than the bottle. You
have the spirit and knowledge of a shaman, if not the

appearance.

Roleplaying Tips: Keep people on their toes. Your
concern for folks is honest, but you won't put up with
nonsense. You can see past peoples' facades, and expect
others toas well. While few things perturb you, certain issues
bring you to a sudden fury.

Baty Magick: The Spirit world holds many keys to the ways
BSS of flesh and matter. You've already gained a reputation
Q among other Singers for your Spirit wisdom.

7 Religion: You practice the tribal beliefs of your people,
Chelly though you understand those beliefs better than do most of

your tribe — the interrelationship of people and
nature, the Creator's place in all things, and the
sacred nature of all reality. Your holy symbol is a
medicine bundle, con
taining (among
other things) the

feather of

tez an

eagle — the bird
which flies clos-
est to Heaven.
Equipment
Laptop com-
puter, medicine
bundle, herbs,
knife, sun-

XY

Ge 72 oats Chorus ‘3 2 A ,
CGAL g>ah et oh ea c

SAVMYIGAVI ARIZA Gay Ge 3b,
SN Ae oe ue OI Keay

iss


he Ascension™

Name: Nature: ‘Visionary Concept: Tribal "Visionary
N Player: Essence: ‘Oynamic Mentor:
N Chronicle: Demeanor: ‘Rebel Cabal:

oDuLes————_____

= Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000_ Charisma @@000 Perception @e@0@00
Dexterity, @@000 = Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence @e0e00
Stamina______~®@®OOO Appearance. @@0@00 Wits ___ @@@00
rr
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness__ @0000- Do__ OOO0O0O0 — Computer. @ee@00
Athletics. @@000 Drive OOOOO — Cosmology. @@000
Awareness, @@00 Etiquette OOOOO — Culture @@000
Brawl @0000 | Firearms OOO0O0 ~ Enigmas @e@0@00
Dodge. @0000 Leadership OOOOOD Investigation. OOOOO
Expression, OOOOO — Meditation. @@000 ss Law__ OOOO0O
Instruction. OOOOO Melee — @@000 Linguistics Latin @0000
Intuition @@000 Research —O00000 Lore OOO00O0
Intimidation OOOOO _ Stealth ____ 00000 Medicine @0000
Streetwise OOOOO - Survival —_ 00000 Occult @0000
Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology. @@000 Science. OOO0O0O0
————=—=—==———E—EO——§———
Correspondence___OOOOO __Life a @0000 Prime @0000
Entropy OOO00O Mind OOOO - Spirit @0000
Forces OOOO0O0 Matter —@0000 Time 00000
Backgrounds Arete Health
Avatar eee@D @@e@O000000 Bruised oOo
"Oream eeee0 ' le Hurt ele)
Mentor @0000 4, on So oo ited 10
OO00O Wounded 20
ooo09 POROOOOAOA pautes 20
. Quintessence Crippled 5 0
Combat : O° Bo % Incapacitated oO
te g ie)
\Knife g o ;
oO ia Experience
% a
Gone
Paradox


Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive, it
isn't.

— Richard Bach, Illusions

Quote: Just relax. Leave this to me

Prelude: Born to an irreligious family, you grew up an utter atheist,
debunking anything religious or spiritual as superstition or stupidity — until
the night you drove home drunk from a party, and had the accident that
should have been fatal. The car wrapped itself nicely around a dented
street light, flinging your body across the street. When the paramedics

\

i surrounding you, healing you, silently announcing that your life

had greater purpose. The only word you actually heard was
8 { / \
PONT y
{ /
DING \
Cet
oS
r NY (

organized religion still reeks too much of the holier-than-thou attitude

came to the accident scene, you were unhurt, save for a few tears in
your clothing

You could pass off anything to luck, but this was too much.

And nothing could explain your vision: a brilliant burning light

"Believe," the same message you saw in the classifieds of a

newspaper a month later, accompanied by a phone number.

You called the number, and a woman spoke with you. She told
ofa dream she had, a vision of a young woman whose hedonis-
tic ways came to an end after a near-fatal accident. |

You still don't know what healed you that night; perhaps
awandering healer, or the direct power of the One. Either way,
you understand your duty now, and travel the country with few
belongings and fewer needs, offering your healing voice and

soothing touch as itis required; sometimes to the wounded body,
but just as equally to the ailing soul.

Concept: Although you recognize how wrong you once were,

that turned you off to the church. Likewise, your relationship with the
Chorusis fragile; it has the best mission, but it also has the spottiest history.

Roleplaying Tips: Listen more than you talk. Offer a helping hand,

not admonishments ot recriminations. People will either learn lessons

from their own lives or they won't — giving them lectures won't help.
Try to be a good example of open-mindedness and acceptance. You're
less concerned with kicking ass than with getting people back on their

feet.
NY i C 1 hose tk hich mak
Reap Magick: Your focus is Mind and Life — those things which make us
ows what we truly are. You had always been remarkably perceptive to other

peoples' feelings; you now recognize that empathy as the first stirrings of
Mind magick.

Religion: Religion is personal; at best it could be called "New Age,"
at worst it could be called indiscriminate. Whatever! You believe in God,
see His (or Her?) hand in creation and feel pretty much in touch with the
Almighty. Everyone has their own Path to the Divine, and it doesn't have
to be in an established religion. Your holy symbol is a simple gold sphere,
pure and lacking ornamentation, like your own beliefs.

Equipment: Used Jeep Wrangler, casual traveling clothes, medical
supplies (antibiotics, bandages, etc.), a few Richard Bach books:

ke

rlyal
ie ay Zoey 3S, ge ba, bo, BS 50, BS 50
MAWIZ WIGAN AAR NAAM GA AANA AAR
SNACKS. PSION LIS ISIS LIS

ise

MAGE: The Ascension™

VA\|= C= __/ >

& Name: Nature: Ocviant Concept: Itinerant Healer
N Player: Essence: ‘Oynamic Mentor:
N Chronicle: Demeanor: Loner Cabal:
x ——h—a—_——_————E
=a . .
— Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000- Charisma @e@0@0@0 = Perception. @0ee0
Dexterity, @@000 Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence @e@0@00
Stamina____~—®®OOO Appearance. @@000 Wis ©@@@OO
—_—_——— |) EE
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, @0000- Do OOOO0O — Computer. OOO00O0
Athletics OOOOO0 _ Drive @0000 = Cosmology @@000
Awareness. @@0@00 Etiquette 00000 Culture. @0000
Brawl OOOOO - Firearms OOOO00 © Enigmas @0000
Dodge OOOOO _ Leadership @0000 Investigation OOO00O0
Expression. @@@00 = Meditation @@@00 Law OOO0O0O
Instruction OOOOO Melee OOOOOD Linguistics. OOOOO
Intuition. @e@0@ = Research @0000 Lore OOO00O0
Intimidation OOOOO - Stealth @0000 = Medicine. @@000
Streetwise____ Ss ®@OOOO Survival @@OOO Occult SS OOO00
Subterfuge. OOOOO _ Technology______OOOO0 Science OOOO0O
dee s——————————eeeee
Correspondence___OOOO00 Life @@@00 Prime @0000
Entropy OOO000 Mind @@000 Spirit OOO0O0O
Forces SES OOOO00 Matter OOOOO Time EO OOOO
Backgrounds Arete Health
Allies @@000 ee @0000000 Bruised 0d
Arcane @ee@00 . Hurt 10
Avatar @ee@00 wie ee 00 Injured -10O
"Oream @00e0 Wounded 20
OOOO0O ooo00000o000 Mauled 20
Combat nes Guibeied ‘asi
— } > Incapacitated oO
g ©
Qo o . .
Oo a Experience
© 9
Ly — 0°
Paradox


LN? O people, listen to the Sibyl in all chings as tégardlessof whetherornotth
Gee she pours forth erue speech from herholy mouth.
N —The Sibylline Oracle, Book 4

Quote: | offer not opinion, but revelation.

Unfortunately, you can't al
whether what you offer is personal

opinion or Divine inspiration.

Roleplaying Ti
fer your opinion. Ifpeople find
later that they should've lis-

Prelude: Everyone always thought
GREET sou were a weird child

ANI They were right.

SANZ You learned early enough to stop
A Say. talking about your bizare dreams, filled
BOY with vivid images of conflagration and
PAN overwhelming destruction. Soon enough,
ANT your parents got used to your enigmatic

py. Visions and private rev

|
\ |
yourself. Until the mail began —

PANY each hand-written and illustrated \
BONG notepostmarked fomifferentparts i
(Sap, of the country with no return ad-
BOY dress, discussing in great detail your

of

nor

tened to you, shrug
noncommittally. Occasion-

allysputterforthast

of unannounced vi-
\ sions. Even though
you're concerned

with people'sdes-
you knew that they, like most

ANI people, were so blind that they not

only couldn't grasp the truth, but
WAG on F
ANS

couldn't even recognize it was there
Qed °
sea0 to be grasped!

tinies, don't act
like a sidewalk
fortune-teller.
You frequently
zone out, and most

) And so lt went; growing
AN Ando it went, growing up on peoplerhink yo'te

iw 7 the fringes of socie

eeping your onrdriies

Magick: Sibyls

traditionally focus on

ations to

Timeand the prophetic

arts. Youialso have some
interest in the Mind, real-
izing that it could aid you

ry most private dreams.
gg

in your understanding of

ior __ nae eae tge ieee ecples wivations, BE
dea events that would happen, from mii ea aauraen,

BESSY events and chance encounters to more Relig sl cucietllis
RAN significant incidents. Finally, when you were ;

NV convinced you were insar

is pretty cool; you just don't toe
tive note arrived in the mail, requesting your
ap

lic, you still think Catholicism
another decora- \

first it felt un-

the party line.

presence at a certain park at dawn. ,
usual reconciling'

RAN You went fearfully, eagerly, hoping to find

NG answers. The answers were there in the form of four

agan prophecy"
with the Catholic Church, until

you learned about the Christian

apy women in long robes and hooded veils, who greeted Sibplline Oracles, Your holy symbol is

BESSY you with a Song that grew in strength and power. A
ONT Song which you too began to sing, even though you
i \ knew not the words. In time, you would learn the lan-
qh e, but what mattered most was that

a small round disk with the head of
Christ surrounded by a burning corona.
Equipment: Latin dictionary, robes

qep e andyouheis and hooded veil (for ritual use), candles,
Bes? you finally found peace. various divinatory aids. Thumb-tings and
RAN Concept: You're a Sibyl, a spokesperson for the Di- hiker Liprewel, jeans and abtves for
pS Ne vine, a prophetess in the tradition of ancient Rome eeralar We ie

AlN and a sistethood of seers that lives = :

2 . ;
88D ononly in the Chorus. Your visions

ONT now have meaning, and you regu-

\; larly offer your observations and
iN consultations to those in need —
An]

Ww
EN 56 Celestial Chorus
CPANZ oO 6G
SAW IAI GZRIS
ies IS OASIS.

HorU

MAGE: The Ascension™

VAIS (Clot) —=z_ meee.

Name: Nature: Survivor Concept: Sibyl
Player: Essence: Primordial Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Avante-Garre Cabal:
——————
Physical Social Mental
Strength__ @@000- Charisma @@000 Perception @ee0ee0
Dexterity______ (OOO Manipulation___@®OOO Intelligence @@000
Stamina____—=——S @®®OOO Appearance. @@000 Wits _____— @@@@O
———
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @0000_ Do OOOO0O — Computer OOO00O
Athletics _OO0000 Drive @0000 = Cosmology__ @e@e@00
Awareness. @@@00 Etiquette. OOO0O0O — Culture @@000
Brawl OOOOO - Firearms OOOOO ~ Enigmas e0ecee0
Dodge OOOOO Leadership OOOOO Investigation. @0000
Expression. @@000 = Meditation. @e@0@00 Law OOO0O0O
Instruction. OOOO0O Melee OOOOO _ Linguistics_ Latin _@OOOO
Intuition, @@@@0 = Research OOO0O00 Lore OOOO0O
Intimidation OOOOO - Stealth @0000 Medicine OO000
Streetwise OOO0OO - Survival OO0O000 Occult @@000
Subterfuge OOO0O0 _ Technology. OO0O000 - Science OOO00O
——[—[_[_ [_—_—_—————— I ——_—_—_—_—_—————
Correspondence OOOOO | Life OOOOO Prime @0000
Entropy. OOO00O0 Mind @@000 Spirit OOOO0O
Forces____———SSSS OOOO Matter. OOO000 Time____—/- — @®@00
Backgrounds Arete Health
Allies @@000 @@@0000000 Bruised oO
Avatar eee0e0 F le Hurt 10
"Oream eeee C, +. oo inne 10
Sanctum @@000 Wounded "2
oocog FOOOOOONOO  yrauted 2 (El
. Quintessence Crippled 5 0
Combat ob5g Incapacitated o
g ©
g o .
o oO Experience
© g
° ona 3?
Paradox


Y Then the Lord raised up judges to rescue them from the
marauding bands

— Judges 2:16

Excerpts from the
Book of Ages

The Book of Ages is filled with the lives of the saints,

those men and women of the Chorus who have gone before

N aif us and whose lives serve as models of inspiration to us all. We recognize that
Ww = we all have human limitations that we must struggle to overcome; no one is
0, perfect in behavior and temperament, and we must accept that we have

= faults. There are some texts tha indicate that Valonan was a times an
aSay \ irascible coger, but this does ie 1 dminish the overall igficance of hs
role in the unification of our Chorus.

LER The First Age:
~s Mitras,theShiningSon |

The names of many of the First Singers are legend |
among both Awakened and un-Awakened alike, as tales of
their mighty deeds passed down through the generations.
Among the greatest and most-beloved of the First was Mitras,
the Shining Son, the Protector of Truth, the Light of the
World.
His soul was noble, and pure. His memories of the Before
Time, when the Many sang with the One, were the most vivid
of all his fellow Singers. He spoke often of the Celestial War

as if it were yesterday; his followers claimed he had been a

general in the Hosts of Heaven and our Maker's favored
Singer, sent to Earth in almost-pure form to marshal His worldly

forces in anticipation of the End Times. Mitras' travels took him

many places across the world, but his career was mostly spent in Asia,

with his most noted deeds in the ancient lands not yet called Persia,
around what would be dubbed one day the Zagros Mountains.

Mitras' voice was clear and strong, and when he Sang the

mountains trembled, He was skilled at arms, but no simple warrior;

he was just and honorable, a champion of truth and order.

Many hymns were composed in his honor, immortalizing

his glorious deeds. He gathered many of the First

Singers under his banner, and they spread his word

across the land. His name took many forms, and

0 he was honored by many epithets. The most
well-known of his many deeds was the slaying

Qed \ la : .
of the bull-demon. Some tales claim that he

died from mortal wounds received in battle,

OD!
Zi

while other tales insist that he lived on. Yet

other tales indicate that his mortal flesh did

indeed die, but his Shard was so great that he

rose again in the same flesh.

Mitras had many devotees among the un-

p NZ Awakened, from Persia to the early Roman empire. He
dou Ny has always had a T hin the Cl
wh 1996 has always had a strong following within the Chorus; at


one point, his followers rivaled those of Christ's, and only the
smallest twist of fate prevented our Third Age from being Mithraic
ted only by the
who proclaim

and not Christian. Now, however, hi
Chorus, particularly by the militant Sons of Mitra
that Mitras' return shall herald the Reconciliation, when he will
ainst the forces of darkness.

ains ve

once again lead the armies of God 2

— introduction to The Paraphrase of Mitras

The Second Age:
Gabrielle

Her past is a mystery; she appeared to the
Roman Adytum early in the third century
of the Common Era, fully Awakened but
withnoknowable background. Gabrielle
professed no particular creed, but was

strong in her faith and devotion to the

Creator, whom Gabrielle (oddly for that era)

referred to as "She

many followers.
Gabrielle claimed ancient roots. She reported
Aeneas,

having sailed from the burning city of Troy wit

but was not herself a Trojan. She was a master of many

ancient tongues, which she claimed she learned from expe-
rience, norstudy. But she talked little of her roots or her earlier
years or her homeland; she instead spoke of her travels and her
duty to the All-mother. Gabrielle was a tall, dark beauty, both
strong of arm and strong of will, with long ebon tresses and equally
dark eyes — eyes which, sadly, had seen countless horrors.

Her narratives included her journeys into Infernus and the
hellish realms of the High Umbra. She fought many Umbral horrors,
demons and devils and all manners of diabolical entities, and spoke
of the shadowy times when these horrors would run amok on Earth,
leaving blood and tears in theit wake. Her voice, usually steely and
without tremor, would quaver at times when she spoke of what she
had seen and learned.

Eventually she formed a militant sisterhood, a sorority of arms
dedicated to combating the horrors of Infernus. Her manual, The
Treatise on the Infemal, has become standard reading on the
Umbral hells, She and her sisters rose every day at dawn to honor
the All-Motherand practice at the skills of warfare and magick. :
Their Songs were battle-hymns accompanied by the clamor of WY ) aS 206
\ ORD
Gabrielle disappeared after serving for 10 years with the § Q*ers poz zt") Dw
Roman Adytum; she was active long enough to establish her i 0)
sisterhood and see it grow. Her fate is unknown. Some say that she
was forcibly taken to Infernus by one of her many enemies, while
others assert that she still travels to other worlds, warning their
inhabitants of the dark times to come and preparing them for the

arms

Good Fight
— introduction to The Treatise on the Infernal

Chapter Four: Hagiography 9 (DOD

a
NANA NCAA NAAR AAR NAZR ADS AANA ANY
NOISE IA EIB ENDS IIB IBS LESSENS LISS,

, The Third Ase:

Sic, Giacomo of Padua

Many are the martyrs of the Chorus

7g Qe Celestial, and the loss of each one is a
| in \= heartfelt blow; the names of Singers who
GY _ have died for their Faith are said tobe sung
)
RN? q ( J __ inperpeniurmion the torigues ofangels: None
SSD hurt more, however, than those who suffered
<S

at our own hand during the dark times of the
Inquisition, when some of our number allied with
D Church Inquisitors
Giacomo of Padua was one of our itinerant
brothers who felt the stirrings n his heart to travel Europe and
spread the good news to those in need. Though deformed in
body, his frail mortal sheath crippled and bent under hereditary
illness, his spirit was pure. He owned little, but shared what he
had with those who had less. He did unto his neighbors as he
would have done unto the Lord, for he truly saw the spark of God
in everyone. And those who were in his company soon felt the
stirrings of our Maker's love, for Giacomo was love incarnate.
Unfortunately, his travels led him to Languedoc, and he
took to the Albigensians, the dissident Cathar sect which advo
cated strict celibacy and vegetarianism and claimed the world

was a battleground between the evils of the material world and

the glories of the spiritual world. It is unlikely that
one of the Sons of Albi; he had little interest in doctrinal
matters, but was no doubt attracted to the spiritual intensity of
the Cathari. He helped care for them, healing and guiding
them as they needed. And his life was happy and filled with

omo was

joy.
Until the Inquisitors came.
Our records show little of this period of his life, but we
suspect that Giacomo was actually identified by one of the Cabal
of Pure Thought, who feared that the presence of the Sons of Albi

would further prc te the Cathar dualism which was hotly

contested even within the Congregation.

Why did Giacomo not fight those who

answer; he saw that the Inquisitors were follow-

came for him? Some would say that his paci-
fism was utter and complete, and he could

not harm another even in self-defense. But
one of his own letters reveals a more likely

ing their own hearts, and were being true to their
"We are called by the
Lord to a duty," he said, "and that duty may be to

own religious convictions

live as the sacrificial lamb, the offering of another to
® God. So be it. My soul is my Maker's, and it shall
return to Him as He calls for it.

Testimonies reveal that when one group of
athari was put to the flame, they sang a song of

forgiveness for the Inquisitors. And loudest among
them, according to one Inquisitor, was "the deformed
heretic, whose ugly face was twisted into a monstrous parody of joy
as he sang."

WY) : — Intec ts THA LAR of Giacine
NY = : fa! 1996
Cos 60 Celestial Chorus

REALE bof db ve >
SON CANAAN EN EE CEN NAA

[ENS CASSASSASSSSASSALEIS SEAS DS SELES SELES ISSA

The Fourth Age:

Maria Vasquez

For some, Maria Anna Vasquez was among the greatest

Singers of the modern day, and a shining example of what the
Chorus can still accomplish. For her critics, she was a loose
cannon more likely to ignite controversy and strife. We have
included her in this volume, despite the protests of the conserva-

in our midst, because thather life has much to teach our
generation and those to come, in spite of any of her personal faults.
Maria was the product of two religions and two seemingly
disparate Traditions. She was the daughter of two Singers whose
holy union servesas an example of what we have ever striven to
accomplish. Her father was a devout Christian Chorister; her
mother was a Dreamspeaker, one of the last practitioners of
a religion. These two met in Central America, and

classical M
after an initial period of argument and conflict, they soon saw
al differences to a common,

past their religious and ideolog

greater goal. In time, they married and Maria wasbom, raised
ayan-Christian fusion who strode the line betw

as
two Traditions. Brought up in the emerald forests of
America, she learned the way of the spirits from her mother
while her father taught her to love the One. In time, she began
to see Ixchel, the Mayan goddess of fertility, as yet another
est shards,

manifestation of the One, perhaps one of His (or Her) gr
and she grew angry at humanity's careless devastation of the planet.

67

Jp

[Flr t ok Oe

Given this upbringing, it was no secret that she would

declare war on the soulless mechanistic facilities of the Tech-

nocracy which had systematically raped her homelands for
decades. That she would do so by bombing one such facility was
unexpected; some
of innocent life, considered her actions an outrage.

horisters, particularly those who feared the loss
Aaria rebutted

that this particular factory reeked of corruption and malfea-
sance, and no innocence was anywhere to be found.

Maria ignored her detractors, and soon hered a
coterie of allied Choristers and Dreamspeakers in addition
to Garou and Bastet (wolfen and feline shapeshifters) who

he constantly pressed the Curia for more

shared her vision.

decisive action against "those who defiled the land," tying the

destruction of the Earth's ecology into the upcoming decima-
tion of the Reconciliation. She, in turn, was accused of

spiritual eco-terrorism and was given any number of injunc-

tions to act with more restraint. Maria was summoned by the
Pontiff to the Grand Adytum, where she participated in aseries
ate spread through-

of debates on the ecological crisis. The d
out our Congregation, finally forcing everyone to consider the
spiritual ramifications of environmental destruction

Maria disappeared in the early 1990s in a strike
against a Mexican factory. Most believe her to be dead, a
martyr to her cause. Some contest that she is in hiding,
covertly directing her operations until December 24,
2011
according to the
forthe Reconcilia

the traditional end of our current cycle of
alendar, and the date she predicted

‘dless of her true fate, her value
cannot be disputed. Many Choristers carry on in her name,

and her legacy remains. We now must contemplate the interrela-

tionship of spiritual and ecological wholeness.

— introduction to The Gaian Debates

\


The SONS * SONS

Then Jesus said to the centurion, "Go your way and as you

have believed, so let it be done for you."

— Matthew 8:13

The Spheres of Magick

Each Tradition views magick in a slightly
different light, with unique interpretations
and emphases. For the Celestial Chorus,
magick is the Divine Song, and the various

M5 Sphere to be Unitas, or Unity. Through the
ultimate union of all things, anything is possible. Whether
or not the Divine Will really wants all things to be one
remains open to debate.

Correspondence — Sacred Pattern

Everything is part of a pattern, Chorister mages insist,
though the pattern is not always apparent. Everything is
linked as though by strands of a web, and each of those
strands plays a role in the cosmic drama of Creation and
Reconciliation. Through this manifestation of the Song,
symbols are imbued with the essence of the things they
represent, even if they do not seem to be so at first glance.

Forces — The Elemental Powers.

The First Singers were supposedly masters of the el-
emental powers, able to command them at a moment's
notice for either boon or bane. Tales tell of pillars of fire

manifest inthe modern world, and few Choristers attempt
such displays even if they have the knowledge to do so. In
oristers still remember how to

extreme peril, however,

draw down the might of Heaven in all its fury.

Life — Vis Vitalis

The body is the temple of the soul, or so the maxim goes,
and the Life Arts are means of tending to this temple —
rebuilding it. repairing it and improving it if necessary.
Although Chorus mages'rarely master all variations of the
Life Arts, they are among the most renowned of healers.

Matter — The World of Forms

Matter commands the material world, which is our
prison and our home. Some Choristers say Matter is evil,
while others retort, are our chains evil for binding us? Though

i 1 =
Spheres are nothing more than attempts to summoned by prayer or storms calmed by comforting words gay
understand the many ways in which that Song — Unfortunately, such miraculous powers are too dangerous to DY

; : J
Entropy — The Path of Destiny the Chorus as a whole regards the study of Matter as a study Orato

For many Choristers, Entropy is nothing more than
understanding destiny and the Divine Will. Some still refuse
to dabble in the Entropic Arts, however claiming such
magicks are the antithesis of the sacred order. Decay, they
maintain, is abhorrent to the One, and comes from the
Rebels instead.

ew Choristers master this Sphere, claiming
that the material world is an ephemeral distraction.

Mind — The Divine Intellect

There is only one true Mind, that of God. Our own
minds are merely reflections of the Diyine Intellect, fleeting
bits of thought and consciousness empowered by the mind of

of all Creation,

RON
- A A A A A A 5 Appendix TheSongof Songs 63 Se
2B eh ES ER LS Ry Ry LE ey LO ey Ry RABIN
BR ewer Ger GAMA GAM AAMAC BAM GAA) AGAR SoA
CON NN NNN GING IRIN EI RENESAS

Val | Qa &
> > >

AZZ ALS

OASSESG BASSES ASSESSES ASSAD

God. The Chorus believes that peeling away the ego and
confronting the Divine/Intellect lies,at the heart of Ascen-
sion, so many Choristers focus on Mind magick as part of
their spiritual pursuits: In reaching one's own inner mind,
however, a person leams'how tortotich others' inner minds
and control theit THOUPHTS Less Serupuldus mages use such
magick to indoctrinate new converts.

Prime — The Divine Essence

God is all things, 4 thingsare of God. His essence
lies at the heart of all ereation, and dealing with Prime is
dealing with the powerofGod in Tt purest form. The mages
of the Chorus claim thatio other Tradition understands
Prime as they do; they alone remember the Divine. Studying
Prime, they argu in effect studying all magick — for it
alone lies at the heart of reality.

Spirit — The Heavenly Choir

To understand Spirit is tofcomprehend the Hosts of
Heaven, Hellandsthesmyriadstoflds:berween. The rituals,
songs and chanesthatdeal With Spirititiagick — often wildly
divergentandeven contradictory—are among the Trad
most ancient workings. An individual Choriste:
i dS0F course, upon his rel
forexample, mightbe more concerned
with angelic and demonic Realms and enti while a tribal
Chorister focuses on theynore-neutral spirits.

Time — The Eternal Now

Mages of the Chorus view Timeas one of the symptoms
of human imprisonment; "ef6té" the Shattering there was
no Before, and "after, the R&congiliation there shall be no
After. No tomorrow or today @%1sts in the Lord, and becom-

ing one with Him m S Stepping out of time. The Chorus
often views Time-relat magick in terms of prophecy rather
than divination — as recel ying the gift of a vision, as

opposed to actively seeking the future.

Rotes

Some Traditions distinguish themselves by the magicks
they pursue. Despite its extensive history, the Chorus seems
to prefer improvisational Effects to studied rotes. This pref-
erence reflects their overall viewpoint of the Arts: The One
will provide whatever becomes necessary. Writing down
your contributions smacks a bit too much of hubris for most
Choristers' tastes; it's like saying "I did this," as opposed to
"God did this." All the same, a few rotes have proven useful
or popular throughout the Tradition's history.

Fiat Lux — "Let There Be Light!" (¢¢ Forces,
or #** Forces, #* Prime)

iew of

Perhaps the oldest magickal Effect in existence, this
rote dispels darkness. A simple application may increase
nearby light sources' power, while greater versions produce
illumination from darkness itself.

Celestial Chorus

AS ACIAS.

> o>
WAZA

LOOGGASOGSOSSGSSSGSSS,
AMEN N NN

[The lower-powered version intensifies existing light,
doubling its power for every success gained. More experi-
enced Choristers can produce light from nothingness. A
single success produces the light of a single candle, while five
or more rivals a halogen searchlight. The caster decides what

form she wants this light to take — low-level ambient
illumination over a wide area, an explosion or a narrowly
focused spotlight beam,

[Sudden bursts of light may disorient opponents for a
turn or two. Such blasts last a moment, then go out. Intense
light may drain a normal power source quickly. Beings
susceptible to sunlight might take one Health Level's worth
of normal damage for every success over the fifth, at the
Storyteller's option. This Effect does not duplicate the

effects of sunlight, though can it be used to intensify existing

sunshine (add one more Health Level for every suc
Death Song (¢¢ Life, ¢¢ e, © Prime, * Mind)
The Theophanies tell of Mentu-hetep's final Song, when

he chanted the tale of his life for nearly two hours before
perishing. Forever after, the Death Song became an impor-
tant way to pass confessions, visions, plans or histories along
to future descendants. The most famous ones include
Valoran's Epiphanies, The Testament of Ahu and the Song of
Bernadette

Choristers with no hope or desire to prolong their lives
may sing such a Song before passing on to their reward.
Doing so is a good way to preserve your last remembrances
and assure yourself a place in later histories. Although such
confessions are usually kept within Chorus lore alone, a

proper dispensation from an archivist or confessor may

release the Death Song to the Council at large (as was

with the testimonies of Valoran and Bernadette). Bert

final Song was recently collected and published by Hermetic
Master Porthos Fitz-Empress in The Fragile Path: Testaments
of the First Cabal.

[While using Life Arts to prolong his life and control his

races backward through his memories
An additional
n, pg. 209) al-

and compose them

breathing, the Sing:
with conjunctional Time and Mind Effects
Multi-Tasking Effect (Mage Second Edi
lows him to sort through the memories

into verse. Prime lets him draw upon his inner strength until
he finishes. Naturally, the better he is at composition (his
Expression, Artistic Expression or Singing rating), the more
memorable the song will be. Occasionally, Time may extend
his vision forward, granting the mage a dying prophecy.
Once the Death Song has begun, it cannot end until the
Chorister stops singing, at which point he dies.]
Speaking in Tongues (¢¢* Mind)
A common missionary gift, this rote is
The Travels of Ecumenidies, when that respected prophet
ts by singing to them in Gaelic,
ard their dialect before. Since

st recounted in

calmed a mob of angry

even though he had never I

then, ithas kept travelers in good stead, especially during the

IMP NRCP NACE NALIN PIANC ANAC ANAC I MUNGAS
NBAZNBRZN BRAN RAZ NORA BANA NERA ARR WANDS
G9 lw) go go eAPAds

a oN

turbulent days of the Grand Convocation. Valoran himself 220%
was said to have mastered it, though hisemissary, Bernadette, QReNp
never learned. DN
[This rote allows a Singer to speak in her native lan- Ws
guage while her listeners hear her speak in their own, 39

Conversing with more than one person at a time requires ORD
several successes (see Mage Second Edition, pg. 165). This NY
translation lasts for the spell's duration, even if the mage We
stops speaking, so long as she speaks to the same person or

=
people.] ORS
Eternal Flame (¢¢¢ Prime, ** Forces) NY
Since the days of Akhetaten, a devotional flame has We

been a fixture in most Chorus sanctuaries. Such fires often
remain lit long-after any sort of fuel has been consumed. OB
[By channeling Quintessence into the fire, this rote XG
keeps it burning. The caster must gain at least 10 successes Wy
onan extended roll to keep the Effect perpetual. Although 04
the Prime Force may be channeled into otherthings without QO
extinguishing the flame, an act which cuts off the flow (such DW
as Node draining, a massive Quintessence shunt or isolation NY 4
from other sources of energy) will put out the flame forever.] a
Wrath of Heaven (++ Forces, ** or #** Prime. ) Spero
The ultimate weapon of crusading mysticks, this fire OW
column often sweeps from the skies, incinerating the target Ws
Variationsinclude exploding powder magazines, laringbon- Se
fice, icy windsand bolevof lightning: Although theobvious! "SI
application remains vulgar in most societies, God works in Wi
mysterious ways. V "3
[The extra success level from Forces magick makes this WSN
Effect quite potent. With Prime 2; the fire (orotherelement) aero
created inflicts normal damage; Prime 3 intensifies the OW
Quintessential flow, raising the damage toaggravatedlevels. WV
ady take aggravated harm from ox
regardless of the power AREY
cigconsidered the mack, .ONY
nger — and a Paradox magnet We

Naturally, creatures who ali

ampires) suffer the

use of this dramatic

of a weak and clumsy $
See the Light (*** Mind, ¢** Entropy, ass
or ¢¢¢¢e Entropy) B: i)
This insidious rote is said to have originated within the
Cabal of Pure Thought, and is rarely used within the Chorus, Ws
which prefers genuine conversion over coercion. Typically, yee
itdestroyearival'/chinkingprocdasiuntavelinghislogi¢and "4 aN
giving the Chorister the upper hand in a debate. One priest, ONwi
Diocletes by name, was said to have been punished severely VV
by Valoran for using the spell during the Convocation
debates. When he tried it against Nightshade, she revealed OB@¥E
his manipulation and nearly withdrew the Verbena from the PW «}

Council on the spot. WV "8

[By disrupting the usual flow of the target's thoughts, the _~63a

Chorister can turn her normal reasoning to mush. This net

usually triggers insecurities, which lead to further gaffes,and ON

so on. Meanwhile, the Chorus mage remains free to reason We

sd

Xo

is s _ 5 A 4 s " Append: TheSongoFSons 65 JES
; > > > > > > > > > > > e273)
EB NCASR NAAR NAZAR IAA AANA AMARA AZM

0) QAWY
SDSSAIASZ PRI RI LIRR I I LINCS

KAMNNG o lw] o o
Seah
gs as he will. The higher rote level, which involves only

Entropy; actually distores the targers ability to reason coher-
NU ently. Neither version leads to:acrual religious:conversion

RN? without further mental manipulation. Although a defeated
SLL] subject will be more susceptible at first, she'll soon begin to

question her devotion.]
Re.
RN Foci

Although light, fire and prayer are the most obvious
ON Chorus foci, many clerical mages use different ones, which

ANS can be grouped into a few common categories. Each charac
Ng

ter should choose appropriate foci for his religious beliefs and

Gre personal background.

PS

PAN Prayer

NC Many prayers are already memorized from childhood
(ay Such declarations vary in language: Latin, Greek or a ver-
BSS nacular language for Christians, Hebrew for Jews, Arabic for

D Muslims, etc. Some prayers may come from sacred scriptures,
YIN F

PYRT others from tradition (e.g, the "Hail Mary," composed of
(Sap various Biblical verses but not a prayer from the Bible), and
SOY still others may be unique

PAN Song 7
» NG Song itself is a metaphor for Creation and magick. This
iv focus need not even be "music" per se, but may be poetry, the
Cell F

accord

music of language. Songs vary in style and langu
RANI ing to a Chorister's religious or personal inclinations
BONG Christ Singers may use gospel music, Gregorian chants or
AB ap even folk music ("Kumbaya!"). Hindu Kshatriyas will rely
OY upon Vedic and Sanskrit chanting, while the Chosen of
ONT Abraham prefer traditional Hebrew psalmody (which corre
Ny sponds to musical notes when sung)

Srey Fire

<S Fire is the light of heaven, commonly used as both focus
RAN and weapon. Typical fire sources include ornate braziers or
DYNC__bonfites tor formal ritual work, although more portable forms
Reap (atorch, or a Zippo lighter in a moment of desperation) are

Be" acceptable
AN Tacense
ANG Incense smoke wafting to heaven isa traditional symbol

GeSD of the embodiment of prayer. Chorus Adytums often have
Bes incense burners, although a handful of herbs tossed into an
DY

K NY open flame will also suffice

PING Water

wel A common symbol of purity, water forms a focus for
many kinds of magick. Exorcists may require a vial of holy

AY water (for Spirie), healers may rely upon a baptismal font (for

PAN? Life), and prophets may actually immerse themselves in

Realy large bodies of water (for Time).

deal

Ww

BSG Lets Chors
ZOANS of 8 8 8 pS
SAW YI GARI GAM GAA GAM Aas
PC

Holy Symbol

Choristers almost always use a holy symbol as a focus,
often for Forces or Prime. These symbols may range from the
common (across for Christians, a David's stat for Jews) to the
uncommon (a medicine pouch for tribal shaman, a lingam
for Hindus).

Touch

The healing touch, "laying on of han
nels befit helpful Life magicks (although
sily bear harmful effects). Touch also

" — such chan-
ck-hand or

punch may just as
works as a conduit of Mind magick; as two bodies physically
link, the connection between two minds becomes infinitely
stronger. Manipulative Choristers may use a friendly touch
to establish a link for Mind magick.

Fasting

Fasting is often done asa preliminary to prophecy (Time
or even Entropy), as a requisite for Spirit work or a ne y
condition for healing (Life).

Gj % % % % iG
WA NACANQQANRCANROA NAW
Qi Qi Qi Qi Qi AD
IQA mq BQH aq) Ee) Sq

Others

Miscellaneous Foci may develop from a Chorister's
religious or ideological beliefs. For example:

Hair: Merovingians often use their own hair as a focus
for Prime, hence their association of hair with magical
strength.

Tattoos: Certain Choristers — particularly tribal ones

ks. Symbols of

— rely upon tattoos as foci for various magi
animals or mythical creatures are common: an eagle for
Prime, an owl for Spirit, a snake (as agent of change) for
Entropy, etc.

Weapons: Militant Choristers — e.g., Paladins or the
Knights of St. George — may choose certain sanctified
weapons as foci for Forces or Prime. These are typically
e weapons with some historic association; Pala-

archaic mel
dins may bear broadswords as symbols of Durandal (the
sword of Roland), while Sons of Mitras might wield maces
patterned after the weapon they believe their founder wielded.

Recommended Readings

1 would be remiss if I did not mention a few
pertinent references. A truly va le list would
be many pages long, so this partial listing must
include only those works which I found imme-
diately useful or inspirational.

Sacred Scriptures

It would be hard to fully understand a
Chorister without reading something from
this category.

* The Bible — Enjoy the King James Version for the
power of the language, although the New Revised Standard
Version is recommended as a better translation. Other
candidates include the New Jerusalem Bible or the Revised
New English Bible. A scholarly Bible (e.g., the Oxford Study
Bible) is useful for its maps, introductions and footnotes.

¢ The Koran —A number of translations abound,
though I'm not qualified to recommend any in particular.

© Apocrypha —These are the books that didn't make it
into the Bible. (Some works have made it to deuterocanonical
status, and can be found in the Oxford NRSV Study Bible or
any Catholic Bible.) They can still be edifying, and various
collections can be found that contain such morsels as the
Book of Enoch.

The Bhagavad Gita, or the Song of God — Krishna's
discourse to Arjuna on the field of battle. De rigueur for
Hindu Choristers.

© The Other Bible (Willis Barnstone, editor) — a
useful compilation of various Gnostic and Apocryphal writ-
ings, including the Gospel of Thomas.

Mythology

© [ recommend almost anything by Mircea Eliade; in
particular, The Myth of the Eternal Return, about the axial
role of mythology in primitive/ancient societies.

¢ J.F. Bierlein's work Parallel Myths is an interesting
introduction to mythology, discussing common themes,
images and meanings.

World Religions

A number of primers on the religions of the world can
be found, including:

* Huston Smith's World Religions is a cursory though
insightful examination of various world faiths.

* Geoffrey Parrinder's World Religions: from Ancient
History to the Present is a useful text on the history of
religions.

Religious History

© A notable entry for the discussion of the early days of
Christianity and the religious crucible of the ancient Near
East is Howard Clark Kee's The Origins of Christianity:
Sources and Documents.

© Morton Smith's controversial work Jesus the Magi-
cian is a scholarly work asserting that Jesus appears in some
early documents as a sorcerer.

* Jane Bobko's Vision: The Life & Music of Hildegard
von Bingen is useful reading, and comes with a CD of her

music (somewhat... modified). If anyone in history was a
Chorister, it was Hildegard. A number of Hildegard's visions
jas) are available as well.

, ae , ,Zdo

a a a a A A = Appar ThgSongot Songs fi Ss
See te aie se Ne te ee aA
ZO MAAMAEN AACE WAC ALN AC ALM AZ AZAR
SIRI IES III ILIA

Perennial Philosophy
Works under this category posit a transcendent unity of
DING © Whitall N. Perry's A Treasury of Traditional Wis-

pilation of sacred sayings which show common

BPR themes em om the mystics of various world faiths.
RON ¢ S. H. Nasr's Knowledge and the Sacred isa discussion
LNG ofithie:sacred:role:of knowles
GAD those centered ona religious (non-secular) tradition, such as
R{_melievl Chritendom or the Islamic. world

¢ in "traditional" societies

CedD
BY.

DSW= 68

CDA fa] sa = a a &
KEOMNAAN AAR AA AARIAAS

Miscellaneous

¢ Richard Bach's Illusions: The Adventures of a
Reluctant Messiah talks about personal enlightenment be-
reft of religious orthodoxy

© Paolo Coelho's The Pilgrimage is the tale of a man's
journey across Spain in pursuit of self-mastery. The subject
matter floats somewhere between "Religion," "New Age"
and "Occult."

¢ Ency dia articles on "Mithraism," "Cathars,"

khenaton" and more:

"Gnosticism
Go in Peace.

— James Estes, Looking Eagle


MAGE: The Ascension™

N Name: Nature: Concept:
N Player: Essence: Mentor:
N Chronicle: Demeanor: Cabal:
OT
— Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000 © Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence. @0000
Stamina @0000 = Appearance @0000 Wits @0000
EQN ee
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. OOO000 — Do. OOO0O — Computer__ OOOOO
Athletics. OOOOO | Drive OOO0O0O — Cosmology__—=—S OOOO
Awareness OOOOO _ Etiquette. OOO0O0ON — Culture OO0O00O0
Brawl OOOOO - Firearms. OOO0O0 — Enigmas. ___ O0000
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership OOOOO _Investigation_ 00000
Expression. OOOOO Meditation. OOOO0 — Law. OOOO0O
Instruction, OOOOO Melee OOOOO Linguistics OOOO0O
Intuition, OOOOO _ Research OOO0O00 Lore. OOO00O
Intimidation OOOOO - Stealth OO000 Medicine OOOO0O
Streetwise____OOOOO © Survival____ ~~ OO0O00O0- Occult____—S SS OOOOO
Subterfuge OOOOO _ Technology. OOOOO - Science OOOO0O
Correspondence OOOOO _ Life OOO0O0 Prime @0000
Entropy. OOO000 Mind OOOOO _ Spirit OOO00O
Forces, OOOOO Matter. OOOON Time. OOOO0O
————— AVE L WIN) Q
Backgrounds Arete Health
00000 OO0O0O000000 0 Bruised oo
00000 P . Hurt 10
OOO00O 00 iy sae 0 Injured lO
00000 ie) QO Wounded 2 0
OO00O ONOO0OROOOO pated 20
Quintessence Crippled 5 0
. o04g capacitate
Other Traits ° o, Incapacitated Oo
OOOO0O ia) Oo = .
OOO00O0 ‘oO Qo Experience
00000 © o
00000 gg go?
OOOO0O Paradox


.7 | [Gre __4
HorU

Vicrtis ¢ -lays———_——_—___}

\ Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus

Preferred Effects

Name Level |Arete |Quintessence [Appearance

EE QQ ) )  ———

Weapon Difficulty Range Conceal Brawli ‘ab
Maneuver Difficulty Damage

Punch Strength

Grapple Strength

Kick Strength+1

Body Slam Special

Armor:


MAGE: The Ascension™

FS panded Back Sr OUND

Contacts, Sleeper Contacts, Awakened

Influence, Sleeper Allies, Awakened

Resources Mentor

Familiar Chantry

Node(s)

Gear (Carried) Equipment (Owned)

Faith/Style


MAGE: The Ascension™

————E>—E——_=

Awakening,

mC lest) —
HorU

Goals/Destiny

Seekings. Quiets

EEE | Se
Age. 7

Apparent Age = __
Date of Birth — " =
Age of Awakening

Hair.
Eyes
Race.
Nationality. Appearance/Nature of Avatar. =
Height
Weight
Sex

fF ______ F711
Cabal Chart Character Sketch


t voices se of the One. Healers,
ysticks have t side resistance

heif long ari he ultimate union:
