# File: Chaining the Beast.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A character supplementfor vampire: The Masquerades

By GAVIN BENNETT, TREVOR CHASE AND JAMES HILtev
VAMPIRE CREATED BY MARK RetIn® HAGEN


CREDITS Speciat THANKS:

Weitteniiy GaviBenneraulrance Chareend Wil Flachsbart, Ellen Kiley and the Meatnog Gang

James Kiley. Vampire and the World of Darkness
created by Mark Rein® Hagen.

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark

Reine Hagen

Developed by: James Kiley

Editor: Ken Cliffe

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Mike Chaney

Interior Art: Vince Locke, Andy Trabbold,

and Kirk Van Wormer

Front Cover Art: Andy Trabbold
Front & Back Cover Design: Mike Chaney

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-

a 1554 | } served. Reproduction without the written permission of the
 ] P| ITTON R publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
és reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be

STONE MOUNTAIN GA reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the
,

Masquerade, Vampire and World of Darkness are registered
30083 trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-

served. Clanbook Assamite, Giovanni Chronicles, Sins of

W HITE W OLF the Blood, Blood Magic, Blood Sacrifice, Nights of Proph-

USA ecy, State of Grace, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Chaining
the Beast, Mind's Eye Theatre and Revelations of the Dark
Mother are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All

rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

PUBLISHING

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is
advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.


‘TABLE ORCONTENTS

PRoLoGue: THE END OF INNOCENCE
INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER One: THE RIGHT ROADL ost
CHAPTER Two: RIGORS OFTHE WAY
CHAPTER THREE: DATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT
CHAPTER Four: KNOWING THE WAY

APppeENDIx: FELLOW TRAVELERS


trabhald

Something is eating babies in El Barrio.

Yes, you heard me right. Eating. As in, "Cracking the skulls
open, slurpingoutthe brains, suckingdown the eyeballslike grapes,
and leaving a mess of gnawed bones and skin."

One of ours? Why, yes. Well, vampires don't usually eat
people. But a few do. The crazy fetishists choke it down and then,
vomit it up later. It doesn't do them any good. It's the act itself
the ritual — that sates whatever need they have.

Yeah, it is pretty "fucked up." Damn, I can tell you'te justour }

ofthe ground, using talk like that. Once you hayen't used yourdick
for a decade, that kind of shit will fade:

So what's next?

No, I'm asking you/.. what's next?

Noches‘nias, I get the fucking pick of the litrerevery fucking
time. Yéaly | said "fuck" so | can sounds ficking stupid as you,
motherfucker.

Okay, try this/ Someone is killiag and eatinigkine- babies in
Sabbat stomping grounds... and/4t isn't one of ours "And: the
bishgp, sh@:cOmes to, me, and do"you know what she says"

Tdidiv'c thik sd. $0 Tnvthrough asking questions. Get your
Red Flowefman-cub, We're going hunting.

On the way, I wantyou touse youreyesand earsandbrain. Not
like before I changed you. Consider this nighta metaphor. A night
of the soul, like when I was teaching you. We're going to look into
theabyss, we're going to take a big swig, and then we're going tospit
it up onto this little bitch who hunts where and how he shouldn't.

Take the machete. Strap it to your back. Hide it. No, no guns.
Nouse, anyway. Wedon't have enough money. Andno, we'renot
driving. We're walking.

Damn, even dead, it feels like my clothes are sticking to me.
Hotasa bitch. They say this summer's not as warmas the last two.
Not so's you'd notice.

That's okay. It's like a little crucible of Hell. Suck it up,
internalize it, and be ready to give it back to that puta.

See, his killing, it's bad enough. Some of our kind don't give
afat'sass about yanking a bum out of a subway station and sucking
him dry. Ir's a waste of resources, but we have to be tolerant. We
canforgivea stumble, justnota fall. Even our kind makes mistakes.
TPS Ones like-this thing, though... still going through the old
modtionsashe tries tocling toanything tostop the fall. The fall into
iheBeast's mouth.

He probably.thinks he's helping people, we moron. Take a
tight on 110th, here>

How do] knowhe'sa "he"? Wall, Agent, in my yearsas Chief
‘of? = ahh, I'll give youthis one. You'téyoung. It's athe" begause
they're all "he's." He's trying to hide what he's becomejin who he
was beforeyand destroying himself and everything atound him in
the process. I've seen it before:

¥er to the side, into the shatlows, Good, Het your shin kind
of, .. go. Exactly. You've gota way with that) Even |¢an barely see you.

You see them all around. Adam's Blind "idiot children. We
walk unseen in the spaces between. We don't need some artificial
Masquerade. It's not necessary. We are malanoches— nightmares.
We come as stealthy and silent as. a dream, and we teach terrible
lessons in our wake. But there's nothing to be taught in what this
one is doing. Tur up this alley.

Speak of the Devil. Here's our purpose right here. It's a bit of
a distraction, but worth making a point.

The old gentlemen in the suit is Big Business. The ones you
see in the news. He gets an eight-figure incentive bonus for laying

ProLocue: THE END OF INNOCENCE

5


off 25% of his workforce. Then there's all his fraudulent account-
ing, but he'salready setupa VP in front of the SEC train. Hecomes
up here a couple times a week. It's the only time you'll see a Lexus
here unless it's being stripped for parts.

The girl he's got pinned up against the wall — who knows?
Hecallsthem "filthyspiccunts." That'shis thing. One of his "little"
sins. Not so awful, I suppose. It's just that the $5 bill he's shoved in
her mouth came out of his employees' pockets.

Nowwait. Waituntil... there we go. Takedown those $5,000
pants, grease up that withered thing with spit, pry on the rubber
and... that'sit, shove it in hard, just like you do to your employees.
You like the pain in her eyes, don't you?

You haven't seen anything yet. Watch and learn.

First, [call upa bit of blood into my palm. Now. .. yousee that
shadow stretching out, nuzzling forward like an eager dog? Here it
comes, lapping at my hand. Now I tell the shadow to slither out,
take that girl's blood the way it took mine.

Regrettable that she gets to escape this world unknowing, but
even the mortals' God decreed death for whores.

You see what we're teaching him? You see him lose it as his
$5 fuck screams, withers and tums toa bloodless sack of skin with
himstill inside her? He fucks the rest of the world and drinks itdry.
It's time he knew exactly what it feels like.

That's the fastest I've ever seen someone run with his pants
around his ankles. He won't get it up again this side of five-figure
therapy.

This is what we do. This is what we are. We are angelos negros
— black angels. We're harbingers and icons of sin. We sit on the
left side of depravity. The girl? A necessary evil.

ae

Here we go. El Barrio. Spanish Harlem. East Side, vato. Just
‘cause you're pale doesn't mean you have to be so damn white, ese.
Oh, lighten up.

Okay, watch out. Here itcomes, righton time. Step back and
watch the bus. The old 10:12. Look at the dregs it vomits out. Each
one bloated with anger, despair, sin, hopelessness.

Thatone... the one with theslumpedshouldersand thedead
eyesin the young face, almost like one of us. He's Anibal Gutierrez.
Heworksataconvenience store 70hoursa week tosupport the girl
he impregnated three years ago, and the brood she's popped out
since. He's lucky tonight. Someone else got double shifts and he
cancome home early. Good, responsible husband. So young to be
so responsible.

Such a dull, plodding life. Let's make it more interesting,
hmm?

Watch this. This isa trick I learned from our brethren below.
You must learn it someday, though it's not easy. In an instant, I
change my looks, coarsen them, become stocky, grow a mustache.
And now I step out, and brush past Anibal like so.

Did yousee him flinch? Turn? But wasalready gone. [moved
faster than his conscious mind — what little he has — could
register. But his inner eye saw his shift manager, who he despises,
whose form I took.

A little nudge, that's all it takes. A little stick in the anthill of
rage. No Cainite mind magic. A test, like the thousand mundane
ones we face every day. He's free to shrug off the tension. Or more

CCHAINING THE BEAST

6

likely he's free to go home and try tofill up his dead soul with cerveza
and beat the shit out of his wife and children.

I know which one my money's on. Good Catolico that he is,
perhaps he hasa guardian angel to undo my work. That'sokay. We
don't tamper with the work of the Creator. We carry it out.

Unlike this fool we go to find.

Intheoldnights, thisnever would have happened. Not to this
extent. Butthose timesare gone. New York iscrazy now. Eversince
the Camarilla came and killed so many of us. Then there was that
kine mayor. He thought he'd clean up the city. Sent the police
tumingoverrockstheyshouldn'thave, goteverythingundemeath
squirming. Perfect for those of us who were left. Decades-old
domains disrupted, food chains knotted up, tensions at crazy
angles. We didn't care. We don'tneed domains. We eat where we
want. Fewer street crimes, more police atrocities. It's all the same
to us, as long as we've got a place to put the bodies.

That mayor, they call him the Rock now. But there are still
some rocks he didn't turn over, some things still squirming in the
deep dark. So occasionally, we have to be the exterminators.

You look confused. What's the problem?

Well, yeah, we're supposed to feed on mortals. But we're
harvesters of their bodies and souls. That's the role you've been
chosen to play.

Here we are. Finding this fool's haven was a piece of cake. I
could have guessed even without asking the dwellers below. He
leaves the lights on, on a weeknight, well after hours. Even the
police should be able to solve this case.

Don't be so nervous. Yeah, it's a church. You think you're in
themovies? Nothing's gonna happen. God isn't going tosmite you
with a lightning bolt. He's got a more important plan for you.

The door is locked, but that shouldn't stop you, right? You
were jacking cars and up for B&E well before I found you.

Thank you. Now, be quiet when you open the door, and stick
to the shadows.

Itsbeenawhilesince I wasin one of these places. Candelabra,
apse, nave, pulpit. ... Where's that kid screaming?

Hah! Yeah, that'shim, and with thekid! Anothercollarwith
penitence issues. They make ‘em from priests sometimes—always
amistake. There's that whole guilt thing, and the whole transub-
stantiation issue takes on... well, you see what the poor, deluded
bastard's trying to do.

He's still hung up on his God. He knows he gets power from
the blood, but rather than just accept it, he has to filter it through
his old life, through his own ego.

So he figures if he can just transubstantiate itall, then it's like
he's reenacting the Last Temptation or Supper or Eucharist or
whatever. That he's really not killing them. He thinks he's saving
them.

I won't even get into what goes through his head when he
pukes up the chewed mess. What was that movie a while back?
Yeah, The Exorcist.

Strange? Nah, pretty typical, actually. Guilt can be a bigger
burden than the Curse. But not for us, of course.

What you're seeing, understand, is the Beast. It's the fate of
every weakling in the Camarilla, with their Masquerades and their

talk of humanity. They're so stupid. It's like trying to catch a tiger
in a paper bag.

This is what I've been trying to show you, so youdon'tend up
the same. To master the Beast, you can't cage it, or nail it to some
cross or pretend you're in control. It's like Strength in the Tarot.
You can ride it, but you can never break it.

We know the Beast always wins, unless you understand and
revere its master. So we pledge ourselves, body and soul, to the
darkness. We don'tstare into the abyss, we are the abyss. And if we
accept it, swallow it deep enough, even the Beast gets lost till we
decide to let it out.

Anyway, hislittle midnight Mass isalmostover, and the child
is about to be the wafer and wine.

Let's move.

Pretend to inhale, three shallow, three deep, like I showed
you. Yeah. Yeah. Doesn't feel good, does it? That pins-and-needles
feeling all over your body is the blood awakening your cold, dead
skin.

Watch this. Ifyoumove yourhands between the not-breaths,
just so, the shadows come coiling round. They're expectant.
Hungry. They know they're drinking pure 150-proof sin.

Don't underestimate him. He's one of them, but he's got
Caine'sbloodsameasyou. They look like pussies, but they're tough
as $3 steaks.

Now here's what we're gonna do. Stay in the shadows and
move to the vestibule. I'll step out and wrap the night around me,
all dramatic-like. I'm gonna give him some song and dance about
how I'm Satan come from the pit of Hell to claim the soul of the
innocent. And while he's filled with doubt and the Beast starts
clawing up, you move. Don't worry, he won't be looking at you.
Callupthebloodlike showed youand use the machete. Youwon't
get much more than one or two chances.

Got it? Then go!

aeok

Not bad, but damn, he was strong!

Drink up before it all goes dry.

Better?

Okay, get the kid.

The kid. Get the kid.

What? We're taking it back to its mother.

No, we're not going to feed on it. Think. What have I been
teaching you? What happens to the kid if you kill itnow? Of course
it dies, but I mean the essence, the soul?

It'sababy. Itdoesn'thave the knowledge to cover itsdick, the
knowledge to wipe its own ass. Hello, Original Sin, anyone? It'san
innocent. If it dies, it's saved. It gets its little wings and flies off to
Heaven. Our master, the Watcher in the Black, goes hungry.

Support his head, like this.

Ifwelethimlive, hegrowsup, and every dayhissoulgetsalittle
more stained. The world isa shithole, a spiritual toilet. By the time
he's 12, he and his vatos locos are gonna have a record a mile long.
Let him live. Let him bloat like a ripe fruit. Let him get so swollen
withsin youcould practically pop him. Then wecome back forhim.
Then we harvest him for the Pit.

Provocue: THE END OF INNOCENCE

it



THe De&ATH OF

MORALITY

Humanity. A guide to behavior for the undead. A
fading memory of what it once meant to be alive. A fleeting
concept to which vampires cling for fear of becoming

mindless, ravening predators. There's something not quite/

right about the notion of humanity. There are plenty/af

mortals out there who can't abide by the strictures of being'

humane. Look at the evening news. People inflict crimes/
indignities and the cruelest punishments upor'each other

all the time. What's good or decent or moral about them? |

Take an average mortal; give him eternal hunger, ‘a min@
less Beast andAmmiortality, and never let-him see the sui
again. Then'see how Jong-he holds onto the ethical can:
straints"Off his daytime, existence. Aa he claimgta
humane any longer?

For the rigors of ternal anlifeys ‘the shatelagOGHupaRe
ity asa moral code arén't quite right. How can humainethics
persist fora being that no longér abides by the rules‘6f the
living? As longaas the childéf of Caine have fought tokeep
the BeaStat bay, Some have fallen from the way of Human-
ity to alternate moralipaths. After all, why should bein;
that are no longer alive and human still pretend to be
There are countless Paths of Enlightenment — means by
which the undead can struggle to retain their identities, if
not their old morality, and stave off the Beast. Chaining the

Beast looks closely at more than 20 of these vampire
callings.

As much as Vampire: The Masquerade is a game for
mature audiences, Paths of Enlightenment are not for the
faint of heart. Paths challenge players and Storytellers to
accurately portray characters who are inhuman monsters.
Depicting these kinds of characters isn't easy or trivial, but
the insights a troupe can gain from roleplaying paths can be

\iyaluable. You get to truly explore the foreign existence of

ainpires; how they literally fail to remain human and
\be&ome something else.

© Playersand Storytellers of Mind's Eye Theatre should

\ get plenty out of Chaining the Beast, too. While this book

ish't eXplicitly aimed at thé live-action audience, it doesn't

Wefogus specifically on game-'ystem material, It explores the

depths of vampire consciousness, morality ahd identity —
what<roleplaying the undead is all about; whether
ina roleplayihy or live-action game.

Ep NLIGHTENMENT AND Mystery

ing the Beast iSintended ‘as a'sourcebogk for

Hoth players and StorytellerssPlayers geya primer on

running path-driven characters)and a,good look at the

grewards and challenges of doing '86./They-also receive

guidelines to help portray the moral @6urses their charac-
soters take.

Storytellers get a tool set for depicting characters from

the more esoteric Paths of Enlightenment, as well as guide-

lines on handling players with characters who answer

[nrRODUCTION

9


various callings. Some paths are suitable for player use,
while others best serve Storyteller characters or the charac-
ters of experienced and mature players.

Chapter One: The Right Road Lost is an overview of
Paths of Enlightenment in Vampire, including a look at
where they generally came from, and which Kindred can
use them.

Chapter Two: Rigors of the Way walks a Cainite (and
player) through the disillusionment and degeneration that
accompanies a plunge from Humanity onto a path, allow-
ing a character to rise through the ranks of self-awareness.

Chapter Three: Paths of Enlightenment describes
each of more than 20 paths in detail, including history,
current events, ethics and morality.

Chapter Four: Knowing the Way has advice for
Storytellers on subjects ranging from mentors to advance-
ment along a path to ways of challenging followers to
keeping players from abusing their characters' newfound
dedication.

Appendix: Fellow Travelers contains descriptions
and basic game information on different vampires who
have resorted to morals beyond Humanity. As Storyteller,
you can drop any of these characters into a chronicle and
spin subplots around them. Some could also function as
mentors to Cainites who are new to Paths of Enlighten-
ment. Others might serve as fellow students or rivals on the
same course.

THEMES

There are unspoken common threads throughout many
of the Paths of Enlightenment. To some degree, they
represent the vast unanswered questions of Vampire cos-
mology. As player or Storyteller, you may wish to take
advantage of some of these themes and truisms to help
define a character's philosophy.

Adam and Eve: The First Mortals play a remarkably
minor role in most paths, which is strange. They are the
parents of the Sire of all Vampires. They're the zero-th
generation, as it were. If the biblical creation myth is to be
believed, Adam and Eve are the direct, hands-on children
of the Lord God Almighty. They're the bridge between
vampires and God. So, what does their absence from a path
mean? What does it say about vampire self-perception and
origins?

Death: Not even vampires are sure where ordinary
mortal souls go after death. Some might stick around as
ghosts, and others could go to Hell. But the rest? Do they
return to any "great cycle"? Do they just go into nothing-
ness? As the undead, do vampires even have souls any
longer? Are they lost, recycled, or sent to Heaven or Hell to
allow the undead remains to persist on Earth? What does
the relativity of death mean for beings seeking direction
afterward?

Diablerie: For some paths, diablerie is the ultimate sin
(just as murder is among mortals). Other paths accept
killing one's own as a warrior's just reward or the ultimate

DISCLAIMER FOR THE MORALLY CONFUSED
You are not a vampire. You don't live by an inhu-
man moral code. The Paths of Enlightenment in this ©
book are descriptions of the activities of wholly fic-
tional creatures and characters. Even when you're
roleplaying a character devoted to one of these prac-
tices, keep the real world and real morality in mind.
These paths are not intended as any kind of behavioral ~
suggestions for you. If living any of these tents seems —
like a good idea, make an appointment with a mental- ©
health professional. f

honor paid to another Cainite. Scholars disagree as to what
happens to the soul of a vampire taken by diablerie, or if
that soul might even overpower its new body. What does a
path's prohibition against or encouragement of feeding on
other undead say about the morality of those who adhere to
the course?

God: Who? We last heard from God either 2,000 or
10,000 years ago, as far as anybody can tell. If He really did
curse the First Vampire, where's He been since? Can the
Kindred get His attention? Is He doing all this to them on
purpose? Or does God even factor into a Cainite's exist-
ence? He supposedly created man in His own image, after
all. If the undead are no longer "man," does biblical justice
even apply to them?

Golconda: Some paths suggest that there is a meta-
physical point of moral perfection, a stage of enlightenment
at which human, vampire and Beast all stand on equal
footing. Other paths consider the concept to be a blas-
phemy concocted to fool the weak. It isn't as though there's
any proof either way; the existence of Golconda is a matter
of faith. The question of whether particular paths are best
suited to reach Golconda or find another way is a matter of
debate, to say the least. The question is, what does a
vampire seek at the end of his path? Is there a metaphysical
destination or is walking the road its own reward?

Heaven: In ways that are perhaps more foreign to
vampires than the existence of God, the existence of
Heaven is (pardon the pun) up in the air. Some Cainite
scholars posit that the world is decayed because, while there
is a Hell, there is no Heaven. Few paths address the
existence of Heaven, except insofar as it corresponds to (or
isa metaphor for) Golconda. But what if Heaven does exist?
Is salvation even possible for vampires, despite the legends
of Golconda? Do creatures who turn to paths turn their
back on forgiveness? Is accepting the Curse of Caine worse
than having been afflicted with it?

Hell: It's depressing yet somehow unsurprising that
while many Cainites are unsure of the existence and nature
of God and Heaven, some are certain about Hell and its
inhabitants. The Path of Revelations glories in contact with
Hell, while most other followings eschew demonic realms. In
most cases, Cainites avoid Hell not because they're afraid of
its evil or distance from God, but because they fear being
enslaved or losing what little soul they have left. But can
even demons find redemption if they only seek it?

CHAINING THE BEAST

10

UsING DaTHs

Paths of Enlightenment are not for every player, nor
are they for every troupe. Players who find a certain poi-
gnancy to the struggle for Humanity may find that paths go
too far. A vampire on a Path of Enlightenment has decided
that Humanity just doesn't work for him. As a result, the
character is likely to engage in activities that certain groups
may find distasteful. A level of discomfort is to be expected
whenever these concepts show up in a game. After all, we
are humans, and most of us believe that we follow fairly
conventional moral schemes.

Paths of Enlightenment aren't for troupes with imma-
ture players. Some troupes may have a hard time getting
past problems with characters on the Path of Doing What-
ever | Damn Well Please. This problem is addressed in
Chapter Four, but if you as Storyteller aren't confident that
a player can handle a path, you're encouraged to veto it.

Indeed, your entire troupe should probably sit down
and discuss Paths of Enlightenment as soon as they become
a possible issue in your game. Players may have points of
discomfort — perhaps they don't mind violent murderers
such as characters on the Path of Blood, but they may find
Cathari (who take pleasure in flesh, drugs and other sorts of
debauchery) wholly unpalatable. Pick a level of play that
makes everyone comfortable with the chronicle.

As part of that discussion, be sure to talk about the
appropriate level of roleplaying that the troupe wants to
explore. One group may prefer to portray every event
explicitly, including torture, sex and abuse, while another
troupe might agree that the Storyteller can gloss over such
events. ("You torture one another for hours, and you learn
that she has a higher pain threshold than you do.").

Lastly, as silly as it might sound, be aware of any
listeners when you play. Are you gaming in someone's
dining room? Keep the gore and vileness toa minimum. Are
there small children around? They may not be able to
distinguish descriptions of depravity in a game from con-
versations about real life. Use your brain. Try not to offend
those nearby who don't take part in your game, or who have
little to no idea what you're up to.

Source MATERIALS

There's really no limit to the fiction available that
describes characters who have been forced by environment
or circumstance to adopt a code of morality unlike our own.
Some examples include:

Ronin. A film about what happens to old spies who
have nothing left after the conflict that had been the core
of their lives collapses from under them. Surely you can
imagine some vampiric parallels.

The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant, by Steven R.
Donaldson. Like a follower of the Path of Paradox, Thomas
Covenant does not quite accept the reality of the world in
which he finds himself, and commits crimes against its
inhabitants as a result.

Schindler's List. Oskar Schindler simply cannot adhere
to the apparently common and everyday morality of Nazi
Germany. He must transcend the behavior of those around
him in order to adhere toa higher morality and to retain his
sanity.

Blade Runner. There's a group of people out there who
aren't human, but who believe themselves to be. Then
there's the protagonist who believes himself to be essen-
tially human, and his job is to kill the first group. But his job
grinds away his humanity. Or maybe he isn't human, after
all.

The Elric series, by Michael Moorcock. Elric of
Melnibone is the prince ofan ancient and decadent society.
He's willing to make bargains with demons, kill casually
and wield a soul-drinking sword, all in order to acquire
power and to ostensibly help his people.

The Amber series, by Roger Zelazny. There's this fam-
ily, see, full of insanely powerful immortals. And to them,
our world is just a shadow of their true world, and we only
barely exist as independent beings. Begin.

Apocalypse Now. Captain Willard is sent into the
jungle with orders to kill the apparently insane Colonel
Kurtz, who has set himself up as a god in Cambodia.
Madness surrounds Willard and slowly changes his percep-
tions and environment until he begins to abandon his
sanity and become more like Colonel Kurtz.

The Godfather. Having left his family's criminal life
behind to attempt to join the world of ordinary folks,
Michael Corleone is drawn back in against his will. By the
movie's conclusion, he has abandoned the life he craves
and accepted the Mafia's code of ethics.

Time Enough for Love, et al, Robert Heinlein. This
quasi-series of science-fiction novels takes place in a future
distant enough that mores regarding sex and incest are
quite different from our own. The series smacks a little too
much of Heinlein-as-dirty-old-man, but it's a quick read.



Go into any bookstore and you'll see it, probably near the
middle of the shop: the marketable, lucrative category entitled
"Self-Help."

Tony Robbins sells his Seven Lies of Success. Falwell and
Falani, Pageand Covey—all ofthemare happy tosell youanswers.
Allofthemagree that tobelievenothingisto, inthe wordsof Hunter
S. Thompson's lawyer, "sink like a goddamn stone."

And these are only humans we're talking about. The conse-
quences ofa few people's spirals into pain are, in the span of history,
inconsequential. They're the sum ofa decade or three or five speny
in unhappiness, unfulfillment, poverty, lovelessness — and thén.
the release of the grave.

ForCainites, it'snotnearly so easy. Once the BeasttakeShald,
there'snoway back. Nohalfway house, nogoverhment subsidy, rio
12-step program. The consequences Can_last-not just for-years Or.
decades, butcenturies, millérinia, maybe until thesunswallowsthe:
Earth. For all practical purposes, eternity.

Mortalsre advised to believe in something. Cainites‘are
mandated to do so.

PATHSOF
ENLIGHTENMENT

Here are the factssHtumanity doesn't work. Vampires who
attempttoretain their human soul act at direct cross-purposes with
the behaviors mandated by their new forms. Vampires, by their
very nature, can almost never gain Humanity and are in constant
danger of losing it.

But if they do lose all that makes them human, they fall prey
to the Beast, the personified urge toward savagery and predation
that dwells within every vampire's being. The creature loses all

capacity to control his behavior, becoming little more than a
corpse with an animal's brain —a liability to human and undead
society alike.

So, since retaining Humanity is intrinsically unnatural, yet
losing it is a one-way ticket to damnation, Humanity must be
replaced by a stronger structure — one that works. For many
vampires, the answer isa Path of Enlightenment. Paths of Enlight-
enment are codes of philosophy, morality, ethics and behavior
specifically designed to address the needs of the Kindred. Devel-
gped over centuries, sometimes millennia, paths enable a vampire
t\reorient himself in relation to his environment in a way that
accepts and builds on the intrinsic physiology and psychology of
the species. Paths don't tell a Cainite that "sucking human blood
is wrong," high-handedly ignoring the fact that the creature must
suck: blood to sustain"unlife. Rather, they acknowledge that a
vampire must drink blood, and then presentways of incorporating
that concept into.a worldview,

STRUGGLE
ANDSTRIVE

"Woo-hoo! I'm on the Path of Metatnoshosisif can run
around and, like, pull people's faces off! Yeah, ¥eah! And
then I can stick their faces on, likeyadog's-butt, and I can

¢suck, like, a million people's blood an@-spend all the points

to cast a ritual that summons bat-demons from Hell, and
then! can drink ademon's blood and have, like, super blood
points and now my Strength is 12 and I can kick this elder's
ass and take his treasure and that RULES! Paths are cool!

Umm... settle down. Contrary to some gamers' beliefs,
practicing path is not synonymous with "I have no Humanity so

Carter One: Tue Ricet Roap Lost

13


C'mon, Guys —It's Nor THAT DirFeRENT!

"Humanity" isa pretty broad, encompassing term. Mother
Teresa, Nelson Mandela, Bill Clinton, Kenneth Lay and John.
Wayne Gacyall fall or fellsomewhere in the spectrum. Frankly,
vampires aren't really all that "alien," are they? They all are —
or were — people. Aren't we splitting hairs here, saying that
honoring the Golden Calfof Metamorphosis instead oftheTen.
Commandments or the Eightfold Way is going to save souls?
When you think about it, the fact that this book is written and
read by humans means that we can Conceive the tenets of these"
"alien" paths. Then what's the real difference between adevout
follower of the Path of Power and the Inner Voice and, say,
Richard Nixon?

Frankly, at the lowest levels, not that much, A vampire
with a rating of 2 in the Path of Caine is, more or less, the same
uncaring, self-absorbed, predatory bastard that a vampire with
a 2 Humanity is. They both take the easy way out. They both
live forthe moment. The both offer endless rationalizationsand
excuses fortheirfuckups. They both failanddo stupid shit. A lot.

One could surmise, in fact, that humans could train
themselves in a Path of Enlightenment as readily as vampires"
could. Theoretically, a mortal who didn't have to undergo
constantsocietal indoctrination, who had the copiousamounts
ofspare time, the cultural impetus, and the sheer callousness to
discard traditional superego training in favor of the tenets of a
Sabbat path could do so. Yet it never happens, except among _
Revenants, who only barely qualify as "mortal."

On some level, too, playing a game requires a certain
degree of shorthand as regards the "unspeakable" and "unimag-
inable." Even H.-P. Lovecraft, the master of Incomprehensible
Horror, had to present his material in terms that readers could
comprehend. He'd constantly talk about how the Great Old
Ones were. polydimensional entities completely beyond the
capacity of mere humanity to comprehend. But when his back
was against the wall, he held up Great Cthulhu for inspection,
and it wasareally mean, jumbo-sized plate of calamari. None of
us would want to run into ol' Squidhead in a dark alley, but
"unimaginable"? "Beyond the ken of human imagination"?
Hardly. Butwe want to beentertained andscared, so wesuspend
disbelief. Likewise with Paths of Enlightenment. Like the worst
of the Necronomicon, the most vile and esoteric secrets of the
paths might have tostay "off camera." Your characteris privy to
mind-twisting and soul-blasting secrets that even you, the
player, aren't meant to know!

Atany rate, for the purpose of keeping the game on track,
we presume that the tenets of Humanity are the default codes
followed by all mortals, and that significant — well, any —_
advancement on a Path of Enlightenment is the sole province
of Cainites.

Icando whatever the Chaotic Evil fuck I wantand not suffera lick
of consequences [make the ‘devil sign' and insert badly hummed
rifffrom ‘Iron Man' here]." Infact, beingona path isarguably harder
than retaining at least a modicum of Humanity.

Humans don't have to try to have Humanity. It's hardwired
into us. Different people have different levels of intrinsic or
cultivated stability and compassion — some are naturally high,

others low. Most fall in the middle. But we all have it. It isn't an
effort for us to simply be.

Even vampires, for whom Humanity is unnatural, still re-
member what it was to be human. After ages of nocturnal
existence, they might go through the motions, but they've gone
through them since coming out of a mortal womb, so it isn't
necessarily unnatural.

Paths of Enlightenment, by contrast, are artificial through
and through, and might be a better fit for the realities of the
vampiric condition and society. Butneonate vampires aren't born
with them. The undead have to adopt these philosophies, usually
through a harrowing process of spiritual destruction and rebirth.
Andatbest, apath isaspiritual machine, an unlife-supportsystem.
Like any machine, it must be rigorously maintained.

Thus, a path follower has to try a lot harder to stay on her
course than a Humanity practitioner does to maintain night-to-
night existence. For us humans, it takes as tremendous an effort to
completely collapse our Humanity as it does to exalt it. For
vampires, collapsing any spiritual construct into the abyss of the
Beast is frighteningly easy. A Kindred must gauge every action,
word and (at high levels) thought against the dictates of the only
system keeping her from spiritual breakdown.

Accordingly, Paths of Enlightenment gatherings often re-
semble occult fraternities or dogmatic cults rather than libertine
orgies. Practitioners —especially new ones—are rigorously tested
through debates, puzzles, laborsand tasks. Adherentsmustdemon-
strate unswerving respect toward vampires higher on the path,
even if (as is the case with paths like Typhon and Power and the
Inner Voice) these vampires are rivals and potentially to be
brought down. Cainites belonging to a path must adopt every
tenet, every teaching with every fiber of their undead being. To
doubt, tostumble, to erris to potentially dislodge a gear that brings
the whole path-machine crashing down. (Storytellers who wish to
strongly enforce this particular aspect of paths should take a look
at the sidebar "Optional Rule: Harsh Hierarchy," on p. XX)

And once the rubble clears, only the Beast remains.

PRACTITIONERS

Few vampires in the Camarilla practice Paths of Enlighten-
ment. In fact, one of the core tenets of the Camarilla is itsemphasis
on retaining one's Humanity. To ascribe to a Path of Enlighten-
ment is, in the sect's judgment, to accept that one is a monster.
Most practitioners are either in the Sabbat or in one of the
independent clans.

The most infamous and ardent path practitioners are found
in the Sabbat. The entire sect is structured to enable vampires to
"be themselves" externally the way the paths enable Cainites to
discover themselves internally. Thus, thesectcomplements paths,
and vice versa. Numerous philosophies and teachings mingle.
Some adherents become rivals, while others find common ground
and occasionally even develop hybrid courses. Neonates are
presented with a bewildering variety of existence choices. Indeed,
most philosophical breakthroughs about the vampiric condition
come from Sabbat vampires.

This is not to say that all Sabbat practice Paths of Enlighten-
ment. The majority still follow Humanity, albeit at low levels. It is

CHAINING THE Beast

14

CAMARILLA PATH PRACTITIONERS

Not every vampire in the Camarilla follows the "Path of
Humanity." Some Camarilla vampires predate the Camarilla
itself, and some of those holdovers retain their old moral codes.
Others might be spies or turncoats for the Sabbat.

Those within the Camarilla who retain paths from the days
before they joined the sect need to walk carefully. They must still
obey the six traditional laws of Caine. In many cities, if they wish
to remain on the prince's good side, they must at least pay lip
service to the ideals of Humanity. Vampires who must follow a
non-Humanity path ina Camarilla-influenced town must avoid
situations in which their own moral codes conflict with Human-
ity. A Camarilla vampire who follows the Pathofthe Beastshould
avoid a city's Elysium, for example, lest he be drawn into politics
that he can't handle. One on the Path of Blood needs to avoid all
other vampires except when absolutely necessary, lest his calling
drive him to kill ina fashion that violates Kindred laws.

Camarilla princes deal with this issue individually. Factors
weighing in their decisions include their age, their own morality,
and the political standing and utility ofany offenders. Princes old
enough to remember the days before the Camarilla may see path
followers as less objectionable than young rulers, who have spent
their whole unlives with nothing but Humanity. Very conserya-
tive, ancient princes, however, could see a path follower as a
threat, even if that Kindred is loyal to the sect and the prince
himself. The rare leader with a high level of Humanity may see
nothing wrong with letting another vampire find his own way,
while*a prince with a low Humanity might consider a path
follower's presence too much ofa reminder of his own temptation.

the Sabbat, though, that exalts Paths of Enlightenment and their
practitioners. Ironically, it is this act that causes many neonate
members to lose themselves to the Beast, attempting to adhere to
apath before they're ready.

By contrast, paths among the independent clans are uniform
and ancient. They're typically clan-specific, passed down when
necessary from sire to childe (or, more likely, elder to ancilla). Few
new discoveries are made — the Path of Typhon is practiced as it
has been for millennia, for example. Moreover, practitioners in
independent clans tend to be splinter groups, perhaps even
marginalized within theirclans. NoteverySetite practicesthe Path
of Typhon or every Ravnos follows the Path of Paradox. Nor are
such adherents necessarily accorded the most respect or status.

CHARACTERISTICS

Some of us have been part of an "elite" group in our lives,
whether formal or informal: military branches, support groups,
fitness or sports programs, honor societies. Others of us have sat on
thesidelines ofsuch groups, vaguely envious of the motivationand
discipline necessary to belong.

Forapath follower, eternity is work. Each night providesgoals
to be accomplished, truths to master, objectives to meet. Existen-
tial, club-hopping angst is the sign of an immature unlife, and
ultimately a slow tailspin into oblivion. Let the anarchs revel and

tosuccumbto the Beast: And, given that) Sepia
are pragmatists, any of the above guidelines can be discarded for
an old friend, an old enemy, or a Kindred who's proved himself
trustworthy and useful. For these reasons alone, followers of the";
Path of Honorable Accord can sometimes find shelter :
the Camarilla. In all cases, very conservative Camarilla leaders _
who preside on the border with Sabbat territory may find it
simplest to just declarea blood hunton path followersand let th 2
chips fall where they may.

The majority of Kindred who follows paths in Camarill
society are old Gangrel who honor the Beast (and they
remain on the outskirts of their cities), and cunning political
vampires on the Path of Power and the Inner Voice. Some ~
Cainites on the Paths of Honorable Accord or Typhon. can
blend in with Camarilla society without too much work — the ~
corruptors because their way encourages subtlety in action, and. 1
the knights because the Code of Milan does not wildly deviate —
from the Traditions of Caine. The Ashirra have few problems
blending in Muslim Camarilla cities. Few others can manage to
function in Camarilla society. For instance, those on the Paths —
of Blood and Paradox have a difficult time avoiding Camarilla ~
laws against destruction or diablerie, while those on the Path of ©
Metamorphosis cannot help but violate the Camarilla's Mas- |
querade if they wish to answer their calling: 4

No known Camarilla vampires turn to Paths of Enlighten
ment and remain wholly and comfortably in the sect. They are
surely unable to find a mentor, and the Sabbat trusts naught but?
its own with such secrets.

rantand posture. Path: plereamillshee eee so-called
"free people" have reduced themselves to gibbering, maddened
wrecks.

This is not to say that path followers are dour and humorless.
Typhon and Cathari adherents can tear it up with the most self-
indulgent Camarilla Toreador or Brujah. Even here, though, there
are lessons in pleasure and debauchery, if one cares to lear.

Regardless of path, all practitioners believe ina "higher" state,
even if (as with Typhon, Revelations and Night) that state is
servitude to an evil divinity. Regardless of direction, there's a goal,
not just an existential drift into chaos. All paths present a steadily
evolving lattice of increasing spiritual development, not merely a
meaningless existence of stalling soul decay.

This climb away from the Beast is everything to a path
follower. There is a dark nobility of sorts to this goal. Temporal,
transient pursuits such as wealth, power and even blood are means
toagreaterend. It is often necessary to acquire these thingsas tools
orevenaslessons, but they should not be valued for their own sake.

Path followersarealsoknown for theirstrength of will. Merely
beingonapathdenotessuccessat substantial spiritual trials. Asone
continues to progress, the tests and tribulations grow more stern,
the penalties for failure more harsh. Undisciplined and weak
vampiressimply can't keep up; they stumble, fall andare lost to the
Beast.

Charter One: Tue Ricat Roap Lost

15


PRACTITIONERS
AND THE WORLD

Like many fundamentalistmortals, practitioners tend to view
"nonbelievers" with suspicion. Even if a vampire intellectually
understands that there are many means to find truth, she is
emotionally bound to the one that sets her free from the Beast.
Thus, it's hard for her to truly accept that an alternative means of
salvation can work.

This is less true for members of the Sabbat, for whom many
paths mingle and ideas are shared. Followers of different visions,
having common cause and living space ona nightly basis, learn to
bear each other's views with tolerance if not respect. In fact, there
isan increasing demarcation between "disciplined" path followers
and the "do as thou wilt" rank and file. Clustered in their elite
orders, with their special ritae, path followers look down their noses
attheirignorantbrethren who think thatall ofunlife isa vast party.

Inanyevent, pathadherentstendtoview undeadstill "yoked"
to Humanity as untrustworthy, potentially even dangerous. A
vampire remembers how fragile the currency of Humanity was for
her and what a near thing her own fall was. It's difficult — and
perhaps enraging — to imagine that someone else could maintain
what she could not. Certainly, it seems that many devotees treat
Humanity-following vampires with veiled or overt contempt.

Such suspicion is even more intense for beings who claim to
seek or have achieved Golconda. In fact, many path followersscoff
at the very notion of such a state, deeming it a vampiric fairy tale
oramachination of thesinister Inconnu. One of the primary tenets
of some paths is the impossibility of attaining Golconda — a
vampire must be a vampire, not a part-vampire aberration. Path
walkers viciously test and try undead who claim to have attained
this state. In fact, some make it their duty to bring Final Death to
those "blasphemers" who would mingle human and vampire in
one being.

Path followers havea greater understanding of the Beast than
most other vampires do, but such comprehension doesn't always
translate into sympathy. Paths that stress Instinct advise avoiding
Beast-ridden creatures; there are temptations enough tofall. Some
ich. as Orion and Blood call for the destruction of bestial
vampires. The fewer examples of failure, it is said, the less influ-
enced the undead as a whole will be. Adherents of other ways,
remembering their own plight, take pity on the lostand try to help
them as best they can. Over the millennia, path followers have
tried to aid their Beast-ridden brethren, hoping through example
to guide them to the salvation ofa calling. The effort usually ends
disastrously, though, as bestial beings exploit, eviscerate and feast
on their erstwhile saviors.

PRACTITIONERS
AND MORTALS

Path followers know that they are things apart from mortals.
Camarilla vampires and the weak (or lucky) Sabbat who pursue
the Path of Humanity fool themselves and the mortals around

course:

CHAINNG THE Beast

16

them into believing that the creatures are just other people. Path
followers make no such pretense.

In general, path followers have little to do with mortals
beyond gaining sustenance, and that's probably best for the
mortals. Having shed their own humanity, the dedicated have no
empathy for kine and both parties can quickly grow distracted and
uncomfortable after even brief conversations. Moreover, the self-
sufficiency often instilled by paths means practitioners are less
likely to care about material comforts, entertainment and other
"concerns" of the daytime world.

Each path tends to have its own stance toward mortals, but
none recommends treating mortals as valued teachers or as
creatures to be emulated. The paths typically fall into one of three
camps. Many (such as that of the Beast and Death and the Soul)
consider humans to be cattle, freely available for slaughter, torture
orotherabuse. Others (Bones or Blood) suggest that mortals have
anecessary place in the worldand are not to be murdered orabused
indiscriminately. The third group, including devotees of the Path
of Caine, holds humans in no particular regard, concerning
themselves more with vampiric affairs.

CEREMONY
AND RITUAL

Every Path of Enlightenment is an artificial, ritualized guide
to behavior. It is easy to believe that the courses began in ancient
timesasCainites crazed with hunger orfear looked fortouchstones,
shepherds that would help them avoid the worst of the Beast.
Superstitions arose around particular behaviors or ideas that
helped keep the Beast at bay. Many vampires found that adhering
to their mortal morality served them well, but those who tried to
transcend that humanity, or who nearly lost their personal battle
with the Beast, had to take other roads. Cainites of the most
ancient times were able to pull one another out of bestiality and
‘onto a Road of morality.

By the Dark Ages period, many of the Roads (as the paths
were then known) assumed achurch-like roleamong the children
ofCaine, ordaining dark abbots, priests and cardinals, and holding
their own services and sacraments. Dark Ages Roads often as-
sumed communities of their own, to hear the ancients speak.

In the years after the Anarch Revolt, the Roads frag-
mented. The most experienced elders found themselves on
the fangs of their students or enemies; many ancient teach-
ings and rituals were lost. Within 50 years of the revolt,
Roads that had been communities of faith and discipline
descended into wildly varying half-remembered traditions,
superstitions and new philosophies. In this fashion, the
coherence of the Roads led to the disparate paths.

In light of this fragmenting of ancient ways, players of
path followers should come up with a litany of ceremonial
behaviors that follow their own logic. Each path has had
thousands of practitioners in the centuries since it was
developed (and truly ancient ways like that of the Beast go
back millennia). It therefore stands to reason that any
adherent has acquired a set of ritual behaviors from her
mentor and these minor traditions might never be seen
outside of that forebear's teachings. Such minor ceremonies
or taboos might include pronouncing the Latin names of the
major arteries of a victim before feeding, an elaborate bow,
enameled paintings on fingernails, never touching a rose,
never using the word "human," or whatever else you devise.
You're encouraged to come up with your own, with Story-
teller cooperation and permission.

Clever Storytellers can use these little rituals as hints of other
students' paths. In a way, these trappings represent a ceremonial
lineage. All students of the Metamorphosist Zara Slatikov might
prepare themselves for daily sleep by adding a new, temporary
piercing, for instance, and any student of Slatikov could recognize
another by that activity.

CREATINGA
PATH FOLLOWER

With the Storyteller's permission, youmay createa beginning
character on a Path of Enlightenment. Creating a follower in-
volves slight changes to the Vampire rules.

Alternative Virtues (Conviction, Instinct) begin atzero, not
1. Alternative Virtues, being unnatural and "built from scratch,"
don't get the free starting dots that Conscience, Self-Control and
Courage do. These "lost" dots are just that — lost. They're not
replaced or moved elsewhere. Thus, a character on the Path of
Night (Conviction, Self-Control and Courage) starts with Con-
viction 0, Self-Control 1 and Courage 1. A character on the Path
of Metamorphosis (Conviction, Instinct and Courage) starts with
Conviction 0, Instinct 0 and Courage 1. Players get their normal
seven starting dots, but must use some of these dots to raise all
Virtues to a minimum of 1.

A path follower must also begin the game with a
Willpower of 5 or greater. All starting path devotees must
have either a Courage rating (and thus a Willpower) of 5, or
freebie points must be spent to raise Willpower to 5. If the
character wasn't strong-willed, she never would have over-
come degeneration and the Beast.

A beginning character may not start the game with a
path rating above 5. This is true even if the combination of
Conviction + Self-Control/Instinct would indicate a higher
score. High levels in a Path of Enlightenment take decades,
sometimes centuries, to achieve.

Cuarter One: Tue Ricet Roa Lost

{7


trabhatd

So, you've decided to play a follower of a Path of Enlighten-
ment. Cool, and good luck. It'sa tall order, though. Evena vampire
who retains some of his human nature is by no means an easy
subjectforoneofushumanstorepresent. A vampire who'snotonly
lost his humanity, but deliberately striven to replace it with
something else. ..? Tough, indeed.

And that's where this chapter comes in. Here we explore
whathappens toa Cainite along the lonely road intoand outof the

THe DESCENT

All vampires were human at one point. Even the mgstalien
undead minds in existence built their postmortem perceptions ont
the foundation — perhapsthe ruins — of human thoughts aiid'
feelings. It is thfis as‘impertant to understand the starting point of
the journey into darkness as.it is to realize the destination.

In Vampire: The Masquerade, "Humanity" actually repre-
séntsa broad 2 I st-century paradigm of what people in the Westetm
First World consider #healthy"'and "good." Thar-said, thetenets
espoused in the Humanity code arereasonably universal: Whether
onéisaChristian, Buddhist, Wigdah, Taoist oratheist, a tradition>
alistior postnddemist,\a consgtVative or liberal, we tend toagred:
that"Ehou 'shalt,not kill"48°a correct code of behavior. Some
disagree or atleast amend, but for purposes of game play, we cany
assume Humanity isthe default condition for mortalsin the World'
of Darkness, regardless of creed or culture. We can also assume that
failure to adhere to this code represents degeneration rather than
difference. Serial murderers don't following a unique but equally
valuable philosophy, they're just sick.

(Itis interesting thatin thenew millennium, Westem society
gives an increasingly overt and unapologetic acknowledgment
that following the path of "goodness," "decency" and "emotional
maturity" does not always lead to material success and security.
While this book is not a work of social, political or economic
criticism, itcould make an interestingstory tocontrast the behavior
of a vampire with that of, say, a ruthless CEO who made millions
defrauding his shareholders and employees.)

Psychotherapy tends to view the human condition as a
‘WHtinuum, much as the Humanity Trait does. We ascend toward
holistic wellness, or we slide toward sickness. We seek to reach a
stat of "self-love" in which we acceptand encompass ournegative
qualitiés, burwe-don't glorify them or seek to augment them.

By, contrast, vampifes-Qn_a path reject some or all of the

)pfurdamental tenets of the Humanity,code. What is positive for

kine is not necessatily so for Kindred, and whatis hegative for kine
tmight be expected behavior fora vampire. A quality thata mortal
‘6rhigh-Hunianity vampire would cdhsider a personality disorder
might Well be the governing drive of a "healthy" path,vampire.

Icisimportanttopointout that, whilémeasure of moralityand
Wellnéss-amon¥ mortals mostalways be Considered subjective,
wampiresface the very real and Sbjective threat of the Beast. The
Beast is neither imaginary nor subject fo, postpAGder' moral
relativism. Whether Cainites believe ifithestoryof Caihethe Fall
and the Curse from God, they must acts ifthey doorrisk'madness
ahd damnation. For all intents, undead must think of the Beast as
@ demon lurking "around the comer" of the soul, ever ready to
pounce. Some psychologists argue that it is possible for the very
worst of us humans — the tyrants, serial killers, abusers and other
sociopaths — to be reformed given the right treatment. That is
impossible for Cainites lost to the Beast.

Carter Two: Ricors oF THE Way

19


AutHor's Note
Some of the material in this book uses psychological and

therapeutic terminology. We're not psychologists or therapists,
and we don't particularly espouse this material as true or even
accurate in an out-of-game context. We certainly don't intend
for the material in this book — interesting as it is to study —to
be taken as gospel. That said, if "pop psychology" can offer a
convenientshorthand todevelop fictional charactersand game
situations, it's as valid a tool in the Storytelling tool kit as any
other. Just don't consider this manual a textbook to diagnose
yourself or your friends (or enemies). Refer to a therapist or a
book written by an expert in the field.

THE DOWNWARD
SPIRAL

In game mechanics, most vampires (and by extrapolation,
most humans) start existence with Humanity ratings of 5 to 10,
with 7 being the norm. This range represents the minimum (and
maximum?) necessary to function in "polite society." The kind of
persona vampire was before being Embraced hasa greatimpacton
her eventual outlook.

Even within the "acceptable" range, there is a broad differ-
ence in wellnessand outlook. Many people spend their entire lives
overcoming the traumas ofa low rating, just tomove up one or two
levelson thespectrum. Puta person with Humanity 6anda person
with Humanity 8 in the same organization, and others will
eventually remark on their difference in warmth, happiness and
attitude.

Ironically, vampires who fall from the highest Humanity
ratings can make the most devout path adherents, as they desper-
ately strive torecoverthe innerpeace they onceknew. Conversely,
Cainites for whom "it was all a bunch of shit anyway" even as
mortals might not expect much from self-improvement. In fact,
they mightjust hoverat low Humanity levelsuntil the Beastfinally
wins.

Humanity RATINGS

The following isa breakdown of what each level of Humanity
rating can mean in vampire outlook and behavior, divided into
approximate classes of control and decline.

10: A person at this level is either exceptionally (perhaps
naively) innocent and pure, or has taken considerable pains to
advance himself spiritually. If the former, the person might well
have levels of True Faith or otherwise have been "chosen by God."
Ifthe latter, he's undertaken a systematic program of self-improve-
ment, meditation and/or therapy.

Inanyevent, someone at this level of Humanity isnoticeably
different from others, and he may have as hard a time fitting into
the imperfect world as do those with low Humanity ratings. He
probably choosesacareerrelated tohisspiritual development, such
asbecomingaminister, sifu, teacherorhealerofsome kind (doctor,
nurse, therapist). Alternatively, he might "wander the Earth"
doing good. It is probably hard for this person to abide wickedness
or unpleasantness of any sort.

This level of Humanity is practically impossible fora vampire
to maintain. Such a creature may become autarkis, assuming his
sire lets him continue to exist. He may seek Golconda relentlessly
and tries to harm nothing during feeding. Because he may have
been a paragon of human nature, the reality of his unnatural state
can be dreadful; he can't see the "good" in immortality. Characters
at this level sometimes opt for a sunlit suicide if they don't or can't
seek Golconda.

Ironically, vampires who fall from this level and find a path
often become the most monstrous members of their chosen
courses, because their free-fall into degeneracy is so much more
intense than most others'.

9: Thisis the highest level at which a person seems "human."
Characters with Humanity 9 stand out in groups, but can still
function within them. Thesubjectisnotonly nice, she'snicerthan
nice. Sheneverhasabad word foranyoneand loseshertemperonly
when provoked beyond any reasonable limit.

Ironically, while the person with Humanity 8 seems like a
trusted friend, this person seems like a role model and can thus be
less approachable.

A vampire at this level is still horrified by her condition, but
is more likely to remain within undead society — the better to
"reform" it (orsoshe tells herself). She retains enough ego to, deep
down, relish the thought of eternal life... for the sake of goodness
and compassion. Atthis level, the thought of all the good one can
accomplish can justify the means. It's just a thought, a sliver of an
idea easily put out of one's head... but also the first chink in the
vampire's spiritual armor.

8: A character with Humanity 8issignificantly more compas-
sionate, balanced and stable than the norm. This is the person to
whom youcanconfide your problems with perfect confidence that
you'll find sympathy and not be taken advantage of — the person
who "everyone agrees is nice." In fact, this person seems more
approachable than others with higher Humanity levels, because
she also has minor, "human" flaws. Even her peccadilloes display
aconsiderable difference in degree. While she might get angry at
someone or indulge in gossip, doing so almost never deteriorates
into true malice or hatefulness. In any event, people with lower
Humanity don't feel as uncomfortable "letting it all hang out"
around this person the way they might around those with Human-
ity ratings of 9 or 10.

A vampire at this level still desires relationships with mortals
(and his own kind). He's still a compassionate, empathetic crea-
ture, so he tries to befriend his victims, disguising the Embrace
throughsex, accidentor Dominate. Thefirsttime he inadvertently
killsa victimcan be maddening, blastinghimdown more thanone
Humanity level at a time.

This is the first step of the "excuse stage." Vampires at higher
levels never excuse or try to justify their sins. Ifthey commit them,
they take full responsibility. This is the level at which the fatal
words, "I wasn't myself," cross the Cainite's lips. In some ways, this
is true — but by objectifying and personifying the Beast as
something Other, the vampire only strengthens it.

7: This rating is the default. A person with 7 Humanity has
experienced the vagaries of the "human condition" — the peaks
and valleys that you, the reader, know well. He's "normal." He'll
give a homeless person some change (if he has it to spare and is in

CHAINNG THE Beast

20

therightspirit), call 91 1 ifheseesan injury (butmightnotgetmuch
more involved), or give to the office charity (it's expected... and
maybe there'll be a karmic payback). A lot of this person's "causes"
depend on personal preferences and mood. He might dismiss
others' financial woes, but can't stand to seea child suffer, or might
take a strong stand against racism, sexism or homophobia while
caring little for the plights of "privileged, white, redneck breeders."
Humanity 7 types tend to have a concentric moral code, with
themselves and their loved ones receiving first priority, friendsand
acquaintances receiving variable consideration according to their
closeness (or usefulness), and strangers being in last place. Like it
ornot, the adage about "not cutting off one's own pinky to save all
the people in China" is true for most of us.

Fora vampire at this level, the "excuse stage" comes into full
bloom. She does things that intrinsically violate her moral and
ethical code, yet lacks the compassion to care as fully as more
spiritually developed beings might, so finds it remarkably easy to
justify her behavior "just this once" — over and over again.

6: A person at this level of Humanity is noticeably "colder"
and "harder" than is typical. Such an individual displays a degree
of detachment from others. Perhaps she had distant, unapprecia-
tiveorimpossibly demanding parents, orshe wasseverely ostracized
orpicked on by childhood peers. Maybe she was just "born mean."
She's functional, and she forms more or less normal relationships,
but there's always some social background noise for her —
depression, alienation or frustration. Gossip fromacharacterat this
level can be genuinely vicious, intended not only to vent frustra-
tion, but to inflict harm.

This level of Humanity can also represent a person of
reasonably healthy upbringing who's spent years ina desensitizing
environment. Anupper-level corporate executive who'shad to lay
offthousands of workers and play cutthroat politics; a soldier who's
watched his friends be maimed or killed; a petty criminal who's
been in and out of jail; a lawyer who's seen (or helped) the guilty
gofree. Inany event, this person, while byno meansa monster, has
developed a layer of emotional callus. She tries to help out those
she deems worthy of help, but they've got to help themselves, too
—and if they don't, well, not everybody makes it.

At this level, excuses are tossed off casually. A vampire at a
higher level of Humanity "wasn't herself." A vampire at this level
starts to think that maybe, just maybe, a victim deserved it. While
itwasn'trightthatshe fed on that guy, he was kind of creepy —and
wasn't he like that guy who always hung around the playground
during her mortal days? Maybe he was that guy, some kind of sick
pedophile who should have been tried and convicted, anyway.
Not that she'll ever kill again, of course...

5: A person with this level of Humanity is the product of an
upbringing and life that's not only hard, but downright brutal.
Childhood traumas mightincludesevere verbal, emotional, physi-
calorsexual abuse from parents, authority figures or peer groups. At
this level, the person has difficulty forming and maintainingmuch
more than superficial relationships. She's largely "given up" on her
species and can be seen as misanthropic, sometimes hostile. Even
casual acquaintances comment about this person's "coldness" or
"antisocial" behavior, and workplace relationships can be tense
and competitive.

One of the primary differences between Humanity 6 and 5 is
the former's attitude toward healthy, positive people. The person

at Humanity 6, by and large, sees higher Humanity as a quality
worthy ofrespect. Those at Humanity 5, by contrast, often respond
with contempt and scorn toward "goody two-shoes," or believe
that "betters" have ulterior motives. For these people, not only is
cynicismasign of toughness, butcompassion isa mark of weakness.

Not even a criminal career is out of the question. Theft
(white-collar or straight-up armed robbery) and assault are not
beneath a person at this level, although rape and murder are still
taboo.

The problem fora Cainite at this level is that, while killing is
still forbidden, it's going to happenas the vampire frenzies. Because
the vampire has yet to deteriorate to the point at which it's
acceptable to kill, but is too callous to muster up a lot of empathy
for victims, it's often easiest to just let frenzy take over. These
vampires often pick isolated spots and/or convenient targets —
"thescum ofsociety,""the enemy" oreven "useless yuppie whores."
Killing isn't "fun" yet, and the frenzy still terrifies them, but the
Beast is stronger. At the halfway point to monstrosity, these
Cainites know they have to let the Beast out from time to time.

INTO THE ABYSS

The low-end Humanity levels aren't so much fun, are they?
We all know — maybe are — people like that. Well, buckle up,
because it's about to get a lot worse. The preceding Humanity
ratings represent where your character was before the Embrace,
and depict any degeneration that occurred afterward. These show
whathappenswhenall hopeorconcemislostorabandoned. Thus,
starting location on the Humanity scale matters, just like it matters
whether you fall out ofa fourth- or 20th-story window. No matter
what, though, it still hurts.

4: Humanity 4 marks the point at which someone starts to
have serious trouble in daily social life. At this stage, personality
and character defects are apparent, even after brief interaction. A
person certainly displays one or more disorders. Casual acquain-
tances describe him as "unstable," "twitchy or "creepy." If he has
high Social Attributes, he might get a superficially favorable
reaction, particularly from weak-willed or dependent people. But
even here, most people of average or higher Virtues, Humanity
and/or Willpower perceive something seriously wrong with the
subject.

More importantly, at this level it's hard to make this person
see thathisbehaviorneedscorrection, because he's lost much ofhis
capacity for remorse and guilt. He might spent a lot of time
brooding on dark, ugly, painful things. This is the level at which
adjectives such as "twisted" are used in all seriousness. Not only is
the person indifferent to others' pain, he might even take pleasure
init. Inanyevent, the person's "issues" have developed tothe point
thathislifeisgoverned by them. Hecan'tkillsomeone casually yet,
but his response to the murder of even a closely known person or
former friend is likely to be a shrug.

From a gameplay perspective, roleplaying characters at this
level and below is not easy. There is a real danger in allowing a
character to tum intoa brutal and monstrous stereotype. Remem-
ber, at Humanity 4, a character doesn't just murder someone
randomly. There's still some hope. He is aware that he's losing it,
butit's probably not obvious how he can sidestep the chasm at his
feet. The character might search for a way out or a means to get
some peace. He may devote himself to a solitary activity, or he

Cxarrer Two: Ricors oF THe Way

21


mightstill be devoted to certain friends or loved ones. Take a look
atamovie like Ronin that revolves around a character who has lost
almost everything that matters to him,and who clings to that one
last important thing. That saving grace could be a loved one, a
sense of honor or a duty to the character's lord, but he may have
somethingleft that youcanuseasaplayerorStorytellertokeephim
from turning into a stereotypical maniac.

3: Thisis it, the "murder level." At Humanity 3, a personcan
kill without blinking. Not in self-defense, not "the enemy" in
battle, but a random, innocent stranger. The person might not
murder for no reason, but can kill on the slightest pretext.

In game mechanic terms, it's quite likely that a character at
this level has a zero in either Conscience or Self-Control. Think
about that: This character undergoes a serious psychic struggle
(Willpower points must be spent) to avoid doing whatever she
feels like, whenever she feels like it. Ifshe hates somebody (and she
does), it's a draining effort not to walk over and beat the shit out of
the object of her wrath, regardless of the consequences.

Characters like this are challenging to work into an ongoing
chronicle. Ifa character reaches this point, she's either in search of
a path toward recovery or near the end of her useful roleplaying
career. At this stage, it's hard for the character not to attack friends
or other members of a coterie when they irritate her. (Thankfully
forthe Sabbat, the bonds of the Vaulderie keep packs largely under
control.) The player of a character at this level needs to be aware
that the rest of the group may have no choice but to destroy the
vampire, whether for their own safety or in response to one of her
outbursts. A character flailing for a path may be able to hold it
togetherat thispoint, butonecontinuingtofall maynolongercare.

Atthispoint, acharactercan move from Humanity toa Path
ofEnlightenment. Those whodrop belowa Humanity of 3 butwho
try toretain their Humanity essentially become unplayable. Their
inhuman monstrousness makes them a liability for any coterie or
pack that would otherwise have them.

PERSONALITY
DISORDERS

Real-world psychologists have identified 10 primary person-
ality disorders, also referred to as "character disorders." These
ailments are not true psychoses on the order of a Malkavian's
derangements. As some murderers have discovered to their dis-
may, personality disabilities are not grounds for the United States'
legal definition of insanity. Most people display at least mild levels
of one or more of these dysfunctions; to purge one's self fully of all
of these qualities is the work of a saint or spiritual guru.

Character disorders are aberrations or facets of personality
that detract from one's capacity to cope emotionally, socially or
financially. Unlike clinically insane people, those with significant
personality disorders can function in society, though often at a
much more limited level than people with low levels of these
challenges. For example, a person with an avoidant personality
disorder might never attain significant success in her professional
endeavors, despite having all the cognitive and skill "tools" to do
so. She lacks the social skills or confidence to display her capabili-
ties fully. By contrast, a person with antisocial or narcissistic

personality disorder mightattain considerable financial and mate-
rial success —all the while hurting other people, alienating lovers
and friends, living life entirely in superficial terms, and wondering
why he's so empty and unhappy despite "having it all."

In game terms, as Humanity is lost, one or more of these
disorders might become dominant. The person routinely behaves
in an unproductive, even destructive fashion. People with these
dysfunctions are not necessarily isolated or unsuccessful, however.
Indeed, strong personality disorders often goad people to extraor-
dinary success and fame, though probably not happiness or inner
peace.

Since personality disabilities often cause or accompany the
loss of Humanity, and since all vampires on a Path of Enlighten-
mentattained that state by losing most orall of their Humanity, it
stands to reason that most path followers displayed or continue to
display some of these characteristics. The difference is that rather
than try to clear away the emotional rubble of a personality
disorder, many paths use itasa foundation on which toerectanew,
alien structure.

Thus, while a schizoid or avoidant character might have
difficulty interacting with non-Sabbat or non-clan members, she
can function with her sect or clanmates. Of course, the Vaulderie
helps here, too; packmates are less like friends and more like a
dysfunctional family, trapped in the same hell but needing each
other in lunacy.

Even in the human world, "negative" personality qualities
can be cultivated and rewarded, such as the emotionally stunted,
socially retarded, spiritually empty, abrasive workaholic who's
beloved by his bosses because he works 14 hoursadayasasubstitute
for "having a life."

Below we describe the 10 personality disorders, and how they
might reflect upon the full-fledged derangements established in
the Vampire rulebook. We also give examples of how path
vampires might use these disordersas instrumental components in
rebuilding their personalities.

ANTISOCIAL

This label might be considered a misnomer, as people with
Antisocial personality disorderare notnecessarily shy or reclusive,
nordotheylacksocialskillsasschizoidsoravoidantsdo. Oftentimes,
the opposite is the case — a person is very socially domineering,
even aggressive. Antisocial personality disorder refers to a lack of
compassion, empathy and superego/conscience. The person sim-
ply cannot care about any being other than himself, and almost
always places his own wants and needs above those of others.
People with this disorder casually lie, steal, cheat and exploit —
anda few even rape and kill. Most psychologists and law enforcers
consider this the "serial-killer disorder." Ted Bundy, John Wayne
Gacy and other notorious monsters are classic examples of offend-
erswho, while legallysaneandcapableofmakingmoraldistinctions,
simply don't care.

Most Cainites develop this dysfunction to some degree.
Indeed, it can be seen as the flagship disorder of Humanity loss.
Sufferers may transition this condition into the Fugue derange-
ment (Vampire, p. 224) as the worst of their dismissal of others is
blanked out, even routinely.

CHAINNG THE Beast


"Loser"

Very few people with extreme personality disorders are
truly happy. Given that only. the most enlightened path)
adherents truly transcend all their mortal limitations and
"baggage," this leaves a lot of Sabbat, Setites and similar
Cainitesasmiserablecreatures. We'veall been inschool orwork :
environments with frustrated, angry or bitter people who take
toxicdelightin spewingthe venom of theirissues ontoeveryone
around them.

Now imagine you're part of an entire organization of such'
creatures. Imagine having decades or centuries to brood on the |
"unfaimess of it all." Imagine that, in many cases, you actually
were forcibly wrenched away from friends and loved ones and
alife of at least marginal happiness, only to be thrust intoa cold
world of night, hunger and-pain. Imagine centuries of being |
abused and manipulated by beings more powerful, dominant,
intelligent and fitter than you in every way. Beings who can.
break your body, read your thoughts, flay your soul and restore!
you only to begin the process over again. Imagine neverhaving_
the answers, and the only outlet for your aggression is to hunt
and hurt weaker creatures who've been designated as your food
— your former species. Especially the ones who seem fulfilled
and happy.

Thisperspective certainly providesa degree of explanation |
(though not necessarily excuse) for the so-called "random e-e-
e-e-e-e-e-e-evil" of the Sabbat, Setitesand other "nasty" groups,
doesn't it?

Character Ideas

A member of the Path of Power and the Inner Voice who
attempts to insinuate herself into the same pack with potential
rivals, and then guide them into dangerous areas.

Ascholarofthe Path of Blood whoperformsherfunctionsnot
outofduty, but out of pleasure. She loves infiltrating rival sectsand
clans, causing as much mayhem and murder as possible.

AVOIDANT

Avoidant personality disorder is characterized by extreme
social anxiety. Vampires with this condition often feel inadequate,
avoid social situations, and seek isolation in their nightly routines.
They fear rejection and social humiliation, often needlessly so.
They preferroutine and exaggerate the potential difficultiesofnew
situations to rationalize avoiding them. Some display an imagina-
tive bent, creating fantasy worlds in which they are dominant,
lovedortriumphant. Unlikeschizoid personality disorder,avoidant
people yearn for social relations yet feel unable to obtain them.
They are frequently depressed and have low self-confidence.

Vampires with this disorder typically have low Social At
tributes and low Willpower. Uncontrolled, they can succumb to
the Manic-Depression or Paranoia derangements (see Vampire,
pp. 223-224).

Character Ideas

Amember of the Path of Blood whostrives to stay in the
field continually and who has as little contact with other
undead as possible.

aarrer Two: Ricors oF THE Way
2B


A member of any path who feels too worthless to advance
further on it. He strives for solitary self-enlightenmentand goes on
solo "quests" into enemy territory.

BORDERLINE

Vampires with borderline personality suffer from mood insta-
bilityand lowself-image. Constant, sudden moodswingsand bouts
of anger characterize sufferers of this disability, particularly when
frustrated. Borderline victims sometimes take out their anger on
themselves, masochistically inflicting injury or even trying to kill
themselves. They think in very black-and-white terms and often
form intense, conflict-ridden relationships.

Borderline Cainites might succumb to the Manic-Depres-
sion or Hysteria derangements (Vampire, p. 224).

Character Ideas

A member of the Path of Cathari who prefers to live among
mortals, An expert Masquerader, she can dwell among the kine,
stirring up drama and starting/ending relationships for years. The
Sabbat tolerates this behavior because the sect occasionally finds
her knowledge useful.

A member of the Path of Honorable Accord who, while
extraordinarily protective of her pack, constantly creates
drama and otherwise "stirs up shit" among packmates.
(Think "reality TV.")

DEPENDENT

Beings with dependent personality disorder are needy and
helpless. Unlike beings with the Child Nature, they don't neces-
sarily retain a sense of wonder or innocence. In fact, the opposite
is often true. People with this condition can't stand beingalone or
acting on their own. They cling to others and fear losing them,
often jumping from relationship to relationship, even abusive
ones. Theyare overly sensitive to disapproval and may breakdown,
even to the point of suicide when faced with rejection. They let
others make important decisions for them.

A Dependent Cainite may be particularly vulnerable to the
Bulimia derangement (Vampire, p. 223).

Character Ideas

A nomadic templar on the Path of Honorable Accord who
becomes obsessed with one bishop after another. She fanatically
protects her charge for a time, then suddenly loses interest and
moves on, only to repeat the pattern elsewhere.

A member of the Path of Lilith who is held in contempt by
his peers for his need to remain in abusive S&M relationships.

HIsTRIONIC

People with histrionic personalities need to be the center of
attention all the time, often interrupting others in order to
dominate conversations. They use florid language even when
describing mundane events, and they seek constant praise. They
may dress provocatively or exaggerate injuries in order to gain
attention. They also tend to inflate social relationships, believing
that everyone loves them; they describe the most casual of
acquaintances as "dear friends." They need to be adored and use
and manipulate others to provoke this result. Nothing infuriates
them more than being ignored.

As the name suggests, a histrionic Cainite may develop the
Hysteria derangement, or might manifest Megalomania (Vam-
pine, pp- 223-224). ;

Character Ideas

A vampire on the Path of Lilith who uses Sabbat rituals
as personal floor shows. He is at the center of the most
dangerous ritae, showing off his courage in the face of flames
and pain. He develops new, hair-raising ritae and then
challenges other Sabbat to participate.

A Ravnos on the Path of Paradox who concocts grandiose
thefts, then lets everyone know exactly who did it.

NARCISSISTIC

Narcissistic personality disorder is characterized by self-
centeredness. Aswith histrionicdisorder, people with thiscondition
seek attention and praise. They grossly exaggerate and distort their
accomplishments, expecting others to acknowledge them as
superior. They tend to be choosy about picking friends, since they
believe that notjustanyone is worthy of them. They tend tomake
good first impressions, yet have difficulty maintaining long-lasting
relationships. They are generally uninterested in the feelings of
others and may take advantage of them.

A narcissistic vampire isa prime candidate to end up with the
Megalomania derangement (Vampire, p. 223).

Character Ideas

Two Typhonite elders who've been engaged in acentu-
ries-long competition to drive the most vampires (Humanity
and path vampires) into the clutches of the Beast. A player's
character can be a childe of one of these elders, every bit as
self-centered and corrupt as his sire. The character seeks to
learn from his sire, carrying out plots against the sire's rival
while simultaneously avoiding both the sire and rival's
attempts to corrupt him. Additionally, the character con-
stantly plots ways to turn the tables on both elders, driving
both to the Beast and thereby winning the "game."

A Sabbat templar on the Path of Caine. Acutely aware
of all the grand and shadowy figures in Cainite history, she
seeks to commit deeds and atrocities on par with the best
and worst of all time.

Opsessive-COMPULSIVE

This is a lesser but serious form of the obsessive-compulsive
derangement (see Vampire, p. 223). People with this disorder are
overly focused on orderliness and perfection. Their need to do
everything "right" and fear of making any mistake often interferes
with their capacity tocomplete projectsand make decisions. They
set unreasonably high standards for themselves and others, and
woe to any who can't meet them. They prefer to act alone or with
Vaulderie-bound packmates, believing others to be careless or
incompetent. They have difficulty expressing emotion. Vampires
with this disorder sometimes display elaborate feeding practices to
avoid "contaminated" blood.

Character Ideas

A vampire on the Path of Caine who comes into the
possession of an important set of texts on Cainite history — or at
least, all but one lost apocryphal chapter. The vampire devotes his
entire unlife to finding the remaining part, spending blood,
minions and even packmates heedlessly. The chapter might not

CHAINING THE Beast

4

even be that important or valuable, but it's the only thing missing
from the texts.

Amemberofthe Path ofthe Bones who meticulously collects
hundreds of corpses in an attempt to have a specimen of every
possible type of traumatic death.

PaRANoID

Less than the true derangement (see Vampire, p. 223), but
destructive nonetheless, paranoid personality disorder causes a
character to distrust and ascribe sinister motives to everyone.
People with this condition tend to trust no one but themselves
(though they trust themselves too much at times). They search for
hidden meanings in everything and read hostile intentions into
the actions of others. They are quick to challenge the loyalties of
friends and loved ones and often appear cold and distant. They
usually shift blame to others and tend to carry long grudges.

Character Ideas

A member of the Path of Honorable Accord who rabidly
adherestothe doctrine of "us" versus "them." Any perceived threat
to the Sabbat is met with ferocious resistance.

A member of the Path of Power and the Inner Voice who
"ealizes" that the factions within the Sabbat pose the greatest
threattoher well-being. She follows the tenets of the path in nearly
fanatical fashion, trying to accumulate as much personal and
political power as possible to protect herself against her "enemies."

ScHIzoIn

Characters with schizoid personality disorder not only have
a difficult time with interaction, they prefer it that way. They
genuinely choose to be alone and do not secretly wish for popular-
ity. They tend to seek jobs that require little social contact. Their
social skills are often weak and they do not show a need for
attention or acceptance. They are perceived as humorless and
distant and often are termed "loners."

A schizoid Cainite who pulls too far away from reality
may develop Fugue, Schizophrenia or Multiple Personality
derangements (see Vampire, pp. 222-224).

Character Ideas

A member of the Path of Typhon who meticulously studies
clan foes, and plans the most elaborate schemes of corruption
imaginable — yet does not actually participate in carrying them
out. He reluctantly gives advice to fellow sectmates, yet truly
prefers to contemplate occult esoterica in solitude.

Amemberofthe PathofBloodanda respected member ofthe
Black Hand. Bland and quiet, she's a consummate sneak and
assassin. She practices stealth constantly to avoid the unwanted
attention of others.

SCHIZOTYPAL

Schizotypal personality disorder might be a lesser form of
schizophrenia (see Vampire, p. 222). While not as severe as a
derangement, this condition is characterized by odd forms of
thinking and perceiving. Individuals often seek isolation from
others, have difficulty concentrating for long periods of time, and
engage in "conspiracy theory" behavior. Their speech patterns are
convoluted, sometimes nearly nonsensical, witha free-association
style of thoughts juxtaposed. Schizotypal speech is not as incoher-
ent as schizophrenic "word salad," but jarring nonetheless.

Carter Two: Ricors oF THE Way
5


Character Ideas

A member of the Path of the Bones who is sure that her
necrotic trophies convey a message to her. She spends countless
nights collecting "just the right" body parts to read "the signs."

A member of the Path of Power and the Inner Voice who
understands that all of the Jyhad's intricate maneuvers are merely
the notes of a larger and more sinister melody. He seeks to place
himself in the center of the action, cataloging all intrigues, no
matter how small, to analyze them later.

Rock Bottom: THe
TRANSITION

Whether through deliberate coaxing, system shock orsimple
degeneration, a vampire can go on a downward spiral into the
abyss. For most Cainites, this is the beginning of the end — the
vampire loses her mind and soul to the Beast. Some pull out of the
tailspin, however, fashioning new unlives and souls.

Every experience is unique, but there are some commonalties
to this process. First off, it's harrowing. A vampire can't take up a
new spiritual direction until she's nearly derailed from her old
track. Asone Gangrel antitribu put it: "It's like skydiving. Youcan't
open the chute too high or you drift all over the place. This wind
hits you, then that, and you end up who-knows-where. You have
to drop a ways — see the ground closing up undemeath you,
contemplate what it might be like to impact. Then, when you
finally pull that ripcord, you're damn glad to feel your chute open
and control to take over."

SWITCHING TOA DATH

Most vampires lose Humanity as they continue to exist. The
endless nights, callous struggles and thirst for blood wear away at
acreature's higher sensibilities. Ultimately, the fate of many is to
lose their souls to the Beast, becoming more of a monster every
night until the last vestiges of morality have all been shed.

Some vampires, like people in the throes ofalcoholismordrug
addiction, havea revelation, a frightening vision of where they're
headed, and they resolve to change. As with addicts, sometimes
there'san "intervention" on the partofa vampire whostayshisown
course.

A Kindred seeking to switch to a path must be in a frame of
mind to do so: almost consumed, but not yet hopelessly lost. In
game terms, your character must have a Humanity rating of 3 or
less, but not zero. She must also have Virtue scores of 1 (but not
zero) in those Traits thatare to be "overwritten" by the path taken.
Avampireforwhom Conscience will be replaced with Conviction
must have a Conscience of 1, for example.

No one shifts out of one mindset and onto another without
goingthroughalongnightofself-reflection, loathingand hope. As
Card XVI of the Tarot, the Tower, instructs, we must undergo a
period of loss and ruin before we can rebuild. Accordingly, your
character must spend a period of time in her debased state,
searching for answers. She is aware of the consequences that await
should she stay on the lost road of Humanity. She begins toexplore
the teachings and practices of an alternative worldview.

TRIAL By Fire re |

Beinga vampire in itself isa test of morality (oracomplete |
dismissal of it). But for Cainites seeking to master a Path of |
Enlightenment, formal ordeals and measures of dedication are i
often required to gauge their "purity." These tests are often "
ritualized means of improving one or more important Virtues, :
Byuindergoingthese ordeals, path followersdifferfromHuman- | x
ity followers. The latter have.no systematic or formal way of © 4
"toughening" Virtues, while the formerhave: many: These tests —
are commonly undertaken as part of a vampire's initiation into
apath, and can be performed later if the creature's direction is _
ever in question. Sample tests follow, based on new Virtues ©
gained on paths. |

Conviction: A common trial among Catharists is for ©
vampires disguised as Inquisitors to kidnap a would-be initiate,
take himtoa "church chapterhouse,"and"try"himasademon.
The defendant's answers to the "Inquisitors" denouncements |
either strengthen or crush him.

Instinct: Tales tell ofa Nosferatu-built Sabbat "labyrinth"
inahidden location. Several starving initiates are placed in the
maze atonce. Atthe center isasingle human victim—enough
food for one Cainite. Throughout the maze are scattered deadly
traps and puzzles. The traps can be avoided and the puzzles
solved only through releasing the Beast (i.e., the difficulties are
sufficiently high that a vampire might not be able to suffer
wound penalties and still overcome them). Of course, nothing
stops contestants from feeding on each other. . iftheycan find
others in the maze.

Courage: This Trait is still valuable to a path vampire,
perhaps more so than to Humanity followers. Common trials
involve being placed in torpor and then awakened Under |
horrific circumstances (re-interred td undergo the Creation. |
Ritesall overagain; surrounded by fireorsunlight), orbeingsent
to/hunt a victim who turns out to be more than she seems (a ©
Lupine, for example). I

=

own ae sreerense

In game terms, your character must undertake actions that
adhere to the tenets of the new path, and you must apply
Willpower to achieve success. Storytellers may deal with this
initial stage as they see fit—charging Willpowerpoints, calling for
rolls or staging the entire routine purely through roleplaying. The
number of any successful Willpower rolls made or points spent
varies. At least 10, maybe 20 constitute an average. The vampire
puts her money where her mouth is, striving to walk the straight
and narrow course. That is, you make Willpower rolls or spend
considerable points for your character to avoid incorrect and to
practice correct (per the standards of the new path) behavior.

Rolls or points should be called for when the character
undertakes any action that is fundamental to the Cainite's chosen
path. The difficulty is based on the appropriateness of that action
to the character's old path, which is to say Humanity. An action
that is particularly appropriate to the new path and not unusual for
those on the Path of Humanity might have a difficulty of 4. An
action that is unheard of for a Humanity follower could have a
difficulty of 8 or higher.

Atcertain points, your vampire might be called on to takean
action that utterly violates his old code of Humanity. It might be

CHAINNG THE Beast

26

murder or rape. In this case, you cannot spend Willpower to
"avoid" the deed. Instead, your character should commit the act as
though on the Path of Enlightenment, and then you should make
Virtue rolls and roleplay to mitigate the consequences.

At some point, after your character undergoes considerable
spiritual trial, the Storyteller allows him to attempt to "wake up"
to the new path. This indoctrination is akin to that sudden burst
of enlightenment known in Zen circles as satori. Your character
must commit or participate in an act that violates his Humanity
code but that is considered "good" by the standards of his intended
path. Followingtheact'scompletion, spenda Willpowerpointand
make a Willpower roll. If your character's current Humanity is 3,
the difficulty is 9. If his current Humanity is 2, the difficulty is 8. If
his current Humanity is 1, the difficulty is 6. Extra Willpower
points may not be spent to modify this roll.

Ifthe roll succeeds, your vampire hears anew calling. He loses
all Humanity, his human Virtues are replaced with ratings of 1 in
the Virtues appropriate to his path, and he has a rating of 1 in the
path itself. If yougetthree ormoresuccesseson your Willpowerroll,
your character gains a rating of 2 in the path. No matter his path
rating, make degeneration, frenzy and Rotschreck checks accord-
ing to his new Virtues and Path of Enlightenment.

If your Willpower roll fails, your character loses a point of
Humanity, fails to understand the rudiments of the intended path,
and must undergo the whole process again. If your vampire had a
Humanity rating of 1, he loses his last point and is irrevocably lost
to the Beast. Failing to comprehend, his mind simply snaps.

Sabbat try to instill their version of satori immediately upon
the Embrace, via Creation Rites. Deprived of the "normal"
Embrace procedure in favor of sudden assault and burial, a victim
sometimes experiences an instinctive shift from Humanity to a
path while digging herselfout of the ground. Indeed, vampires who
don't quickly shed their Humanity following the shock of creation
may never emerge from the earth. The trauma drives them into
maddened torpor, and they remain interred.

ALTERNATIVE
VIRTUES:
CONVICTION AND
INSTINCT

Presumably, we humans all have some level of Conscience
and Self-Control. We grasp the concepts as part of our own
identities and outlooks. Playing a character completely devoid of
these qualities is therefore challenging — it ranges outside our
personal experience. But now consider playing a character who
replaces those qualities, those frames of reference, with something
else entirely. This character becomes truly alien. And yet, that's
just what followers of certain paths are.

It might help to think of altermative Virtues not so much as
Traits that humans can't develop, but as Traits that the human
experience does not usually include or permit. A human who
routinely violates codes of "decency" and "emotional maturity"
loses Conscience and Self-Control, but does not necessarily have

a tutor or outlet to replace those characteristics. She simply ends
up with extreme personality disorders. It's in following other faiths
orcallings, beyond accepted human mores, that Cainites find new
purpose, direction and sometimes control.

CONVICTION

Despite words to the contrary in the Vampire Appendix,
Conviction is notan entirely foreign Trait to us. Most boot camps
instill a certain level of Conviction—the idea that it's acceptable
to harm, kill or otherwise abuse "the enemy." Vampiric Convic-
tion runs on an entirely different order of magnitude, however. It
represents the capacity to overcome or ignore every previous
teaching or urge, whether from any remaining human superego or
the Beast.

AtlowlevelsofConviction,avampirestill retainsamodicum
of basic human nature. He might still perceive a human baby as
"cute" because, as a (former) Homo sapien, he retains a primal
biological drive to protect the helpless who perpetuate the species.
A vampire with high levels of Conviction doesn't feel any such
empathy, though. The baby is simply a squawling piece of tissue.

INSTINCT

Unlike Conviction, Instinctismoreorlessalientothehuman
psyche, and is harder for us to represent in a game.

Some Eastern philosophies such as Taoism and Hinduism
involve similar concepts. Obviously, however, the vast difference
between human and vampiric philosophy is that Eastern thought
focuses on righteous or at the very least non-harmful behavior,
while vampiric philosophy can easily involve killing, maimingand
similar predation.

If you have a pet dog or cat, take some time to observe it. Just
likeacatreflexively swatsatastring toy or passing bug, soa vampire
with high Instinct mightstalkandhuntan "easy meal," evenifshe's
not hungry. She does so simply because the prey is there. (High
Instinctisa Virtue, though. A vampire doesn'tputherselfin danger
merely to "play with her food.")

In terms of frenzy, high-Instinct vampires leam how to
redirect rather than repress. These undead might occasionally
burst into Tourette's Syndrome-like strings of profanity (think of
adoghowlingat the moon), or vandalize property forseemingly no
reason (think of a cat reflexively tearing up furniture). In fact, the
vampire diverts and channels his bestial instincts. Like an aikido
master, the Cainite senses the Beast rising before it reaches full
strength, and "throws" it into less overtly harmful behavior. By
letting the Beast "play" in this fashion, the vampire hopes it learns
to trust him.

Kindred with high Instinct are known to go on "wild hunts"
or "walkabouts." A vampire, upon rising for the evening, tries to
slip into a state of intuitive sensation. Putting his Beast in a kind
of cruise control, he operates without a plan of where to go, what
to do or whom tosee. This is nota full-on frenzy. Metaphorically
speaking, the vampire keepshishandon the cruise-controlandcan
avoid overly violent actions. Still, the idea is to let the Beast "sniff
around," cause controllable mayhem, and guide the character to
whatever destination it will. The vampire trusts his Beast so that
it can be exercised and exorcised. All too often, walkabouts tend
to be tragic for any lesser beings in the vampire's path. A Cainite

Carter Two: Ricors oF THE Way

27


on a wild hunt is on a hair-trigger, and kills and maims on the
slightest pretext — or on none at all.

Ironically, some vampires with high Instinct ratings indulge
in political machinations and subterfuge. These games are often
partand parcel of undead existence, soahigh-Instinct vampirecan
be compelled to practice them. Creatures with high Instinct can
make deadly political foes. They wheel, dealand maneuver "by the
seat of their pants," and can thus be unpredictable.

A New CLIMB

Havingfallen from the higherfaith ofhisone-time humanity,
yet having averted becoming an utter monstrosity, a vampire
successfully navigates the spiritual void. Like Dante entering the
ninth circle of Hell, or Hercules facing the hound of the under-
world, a Kindred confronts the Beast, subdues it (albeit only
temporarily), and continues on his journey.

Strangely, this period might be the happiest time a vampire
knows throughout his bleak and bloody unlife. The being has
accepted his state and looks anew at the world through the eyes of
a predator. Though he's still weak in spirit, it's the weakness of a
battered fighter who's stayed on his feet through a 10-round
pummeling. Many vampires at this point develop newfound
confidence in their capacity to persevere through any trial. (In
game terms, this occasion is just cause to spend experience on an
increase in Willpower rating.)

Existence isstill aslippery slope, though, anda vampire is well
advised to stay close to fellow path adherents during this time. One
errorandhe may plummet into the jaws of the Beast, permanently.
During his first few years on a new path, a Cainite commonly
practices "modeling" behavior, observing path gurus and emulat-
ing their actions as closely as possible.

Vampiresamong the independentclans often remain at their
sires' side, receiving spiritual instruction. Sucha tie has the benefit
of providing a stable role model. Yet some sires barely cling to
spiritual stability themselves, and are far from the best teachers. A
sire with a low path rating can hinder a childe's development as
much as help it.

Sabbat vampires rarely retain sire-childe ties, and the paths
tend to be practiced formally in this sect, so multiple teachers can
instruct a newly turned Cainite. Such relationships can result ina
bewildering array of lessons and viewpoints to absorb, but they
avoid the risks of a single, poor tutor.

Once a vampire has made a bit of progress on his new road,
he's introduced to others on the same course. This introduction
often takes the form ofa ceremony, elaborate or simple depending
on the calling in question. Higher ranking adherents assign tasks
to the novice, some seemingly nonsensical and others of obvious
spiritual significance.

Training is more than just spiritual, though. Each path
upholds certain Traits — Attributes, Abilities and Disciplines —
that all have their place in individual development. If a newly
turned vampire on the Path of Powerand the Inner Voice has low
Social Attributes and Subterfuge/Intimidate ratings, now is the
time to correct those deficiencies.

Notall paths bother with training. Some, suchas Typhonand
Power and the Inner Voice, stress individual achievement. If you

can't keep up, you're left to the Beast. For these paths, it is
imperative that members closely observe others' behavior and
emulate or correct it successfully. Or, they can convince a specific
path member to act as mentor in exchange for whatever arrange-
ments can be bartered.

PATH RATINGS

Obviously, there's a tremendous amount of difference be-
tween vampires with path scores of 2 and 9. Each level of
progression carries its own difficulties, rewards and inspiration for
stories.

Score lto4

Most followers never make it past this range. As discussed
previously, there really isn't much difference between a vampire
with a path rating of 2 and a Humanity rating of 2. The same
rationale presides in both cases: Why bother to behave any
differently? (Why bother to go attain a higher score?) A vampire
with 2 in any path (including Humanity), can pretty much do as
she pleases, right?

There's one thing about the Beast, though: It's perverse. It
wants vampires to fall. Asa player, it's not enough to say, "Okay,
as long as she doesn't commit Stupid Senseless Atrocity X, my
character won't fall any lower on her path." When she's that low,
she wants to commit atrocities. She craves the notion of "getting
away with it." Andall those other people or Cainites. .. well, what
havetheyreally doneforher, anyway? They're all about "thoushalt
not" thisand "thoushaltnot" that, but the whole thing is really just
a house of cards built by a bunch of hypocrites who want to keep
all the money and power and status for themselves. Right?

Well, fuck ‘em. Your character is going to do what she wants.
And what she wants, and wants very, very badly, is to commit the
very deeds "they" say she can't, mustn't and shouldn't do. Simply
to show that she's better than they are.

And when she does, you shave another point off her already
low Trait score. Beast 1, Cainite 0. As with a human serial killer,
the fact that your character got away with it once makes her want
togetaway with itagain. .. andagain. ..andagain...andeachtime
more elaborately and baroquely than before.

In game terms, when your character is confronted with a
temptation toward degeneration, the Storytelleris perfectly within
his rights to insist that you spend Willpower for your character to
avoid committing the act, particularly if doing it falls in line with
her Nature.

Furthermore, especially among the path-centric cliques such
as the Sabbat and Setites, vampires with low ratings don't gain a
lot of respect from their elders. More enlightened ones, knowing
lessers' fundamental instability, don't trust underlings. Vampires
don'thaveaGeigercounter to measure path rating. But those with
100 or more years of unlife have seen just about every shade in the
spectrum of vampiric behavior. They can make pretty good guesses
as to how close a Cainite is to the Beast.

At the Storyteller's discretion, you can make a Perception +
Empathy roll (difficulty 9) for your character to interpret another
vampire's path rating. If the subject is on the same course as your
character, you could get a bonus die. You should also get a bonus
die for a character more than 100 years old, and the Aura Sight
Auspex power offers two bonus dice. One success tells your

CHAINING THE Beast

2B

character whether the target is more or less dedicated than he is
(whetherthe targer'sratingishigherorlowerthan yourcharacter's).
Two successes suggest what the target's rating is, plus or minus one
point. Three successes indicate just how the target will behave (his
exact rating is apparent). A Manipulation + Subterfuge roll
(difficulty 7) can be made in a resisted roll fora vampire who seeks
to conceal his path or score. He behaves inappropriately for his
calling, but hopefully not in any way that reveals his following.

Score5to7

At this range, a vampire begins to understand the advanced
tenets of the path. She presents herself as more "socially accept-
able" within the framework of her alien mindset. She is given
privileges and responsibilities during path gatherings. Indeed,
beginning path practitioners may look to her foradvice, since she's
more approachable than inscrutable elders.

A vampire at this level behaves relatively consistently and in
control, is trustworthy, and is therefore a useful pawn orally. Elders
can have some confidence that the Cainite isn't going to break
down into a ravening creature at her first spiritual trial. They
employ herasanagentinsubtleschemes, "testing the limits" ofher
resolve. If the character overcomes, she may prove useful in the
nights to come. If she fails, there are other minions.

Score 8T010

Vampires with path ratings in this range have and do apply
serious dedication to their spiritual development. Arriving here is
an achievement, and is treated as such.

Inmany ways, a vampire with a rating of 9 is more stable than
avampire with a Humanity of 9. The latter rating is prone to drop
through the possessor'snormal nightly activities, while theformer's
rating represents an accomplishment of will and spirit cultivated
over decades or centuries. Such a high path rating doesn't usually
rise and fall depending on when one has last fed, and how.

Keep in mind that a character at this height has a lengthy
history of progression — and has probably suffered occasional
bouts of regression. This evolution can provide ideas for countless
stories. How many tests did the character pass—and occasionally
fail—to progress from | to 9 in, say, the Path of Caine? What were
the results of those tests? What enemies did he gain and lose
throughout that clime? What allies did he bond with or betray?

Also, certain path adherents such as those of Typhon take
pleasure in debasing and tearing down vampires on other paths
who have high ratings. A character with a rating of 10 is a target
for rivals who would see him fall due to political interest, expedi-
ency or simple jealousy. Depending on your chronicle, the target
might be a victim of demonic corruption or he might be focused
on by the Inquisition, which considers himan "Antichrist" among
the Damned.

Charter Two: Ricors oF THe Way

29



While surely there are individual Paths of Enlighten-

ment that are followed by just a handful of believers, the
advocations in this chapter are the big cults, the codes of
behavior with at least a dozen adherents. Most of them are
well represented in the Sabbat, although some are secret
factions within that sect, or are upheld solely by the
autarkis.

No two paths are organized in quite the same way.
Some, like the Path of Caine, have recognized priesthoods,
ceremonies and rigorous doctrines to which believers must
adhere. Others are highly individualistic — it is a violation
of the Path of Metamorphosis to share knowledge or wis-
dom with another being, for example.

A Storyteller might have already created some of the
philosophy or politics surrounding any of the paths de-
scribed in this chapter. Players of characters already on one
of these should confer with the Storyteller to decide how to
best reconcile what you've established with what's printed
here, assuming you want to adopt any of these concepts. Do
not assume that this information supercedes background or
events that exist in your game. Take what fits your chronicle
best, and revise or dismiss anything that doesn't.

PATH OFTHE Beast

Nickname: Bestials

"Come with me, childe. Leave those foolish trappings
behind. You came here seeking knowledge.... Wisdom, per-
haps? Listen. You can hear the wilderness, can't you? This is
what the old poet called ‘nature red in tooth and claw.' We are
vampires, are we not? Vampires are creatures of the city. In the
city are the herds. In the city, we have strength in numbers. In

the city, we have amusement. In the city, we have safety of a
sort. But outside... out in the wild places, we have nothing.
Outside, in the wild places, the nights are black and long, lit only
by the deceptive light of the moon. Outside, in the wilderness,
things wait for the wary Cainite.

"Only those such as we would come here. ‘Only the
Gangrel go out there,' the vampires say. ‘Only those bestial...
creatures... would dare venture beyond the amber light of the
city sky.' ‘There is nothing out there, nothing of interest to any
vampire,' it is said. ‘Nothing at all.'

"Perhaps not. The modern world, that foolish prison our
fellows squat in, pretending to be something other than what they
are, ends where the cities die. Then their world fades to nothing.
Certainly the things of mortals have reached beyond. Glimmers
of mankind —roads, telephone wires, cars, tractors —but these
things are minor, simple, piffling. They are but small scars on the
face of the wilderness.

"Out here, you know that you are but a transient insignifi-
cance. The poor, small, huddled kine of the cities know that
beyond their circles of light, monsters wait. The people of the
wilds have no names for these dangers. Nor do they have
defenses against them. They acquiesce to be hunted. Perhaps out
of fear. Perhaps because they know that this is the way things are
and should be. It is a simple acceptance. The world belongs to
something other than mortals.

"Only a wild thing would dwell out here. Only a wild thing
would throw away what precious little of himself remains and
become a predatory hunter in the night. Such a thing would have
to acceptits condition as bestial, that the Embrace gives one over
to the predatory world and makes one a hunter. You came
seeking knowledge, childe? Knowledge, I can give. Wisdom?
Wisdom lies at the end of a long road. Follow me."

(Crarrer THrée: PATHS OF ENUGHTENMENT

31


The Path of the Beast demands thata creature exist in the
moment, to give himself to the hunt, to make himself one with
his environment. The vampire is the greatest of all predators,
greater than the wolf, shark or hawk. Brutally honest with
themselves and with others, these undead, so-called beasts,
stand outside petty games of intrigue and politics. They respect
only independence and seek only to survive.

BAsIc BELIEFS

Vampires are predators. They kill to eat and draw
pleasure. Human morality is a lie best forgotten. Once the
night claims you, you are no longer human. To bea vampire
is to belong to the Beast. Inside you, a snarling, drooling
thing waits; the red fury that other vampires hate and fear.
The Beast is not the enemy, seeking to destroy you. The
Beast is divinity, the true face of the soul. The Beast must
be made strong.

But the Beast must not win. A true master of this path
accepts the Beast, but it does not claim him. Rather, he
claims the Beast for his own. No longer the other, the Beast
teaches survival, violence, strength and balance. Some-
times the Beast even teaches wisdom. Not the wisdom of
mortals, but the primal wisdom of the hunt.

The Beast tears away the trappings of the intellect such
as lies, foibles and wishful thinking. To follow the Path of
the Beast is to strip away falsehood and gaze unblinking at
the truth. Masters of the path can rarely be manipulated by
promises of what is not immediately before them. The

beasts or "bestials," as some call them, are fearsome, el-
emental, perceptive creatures. There are few beasts outside
the Sabbat, and bishops know better than to try and directly
influence these creatures with their schemes.

Atits heart, this path exists to sate the hunger within.
Once the Beast is fed, there is temporary peace. A vampire
is a hunter; he hunts to exist, but he also accepts that he is
part of a natural order. If a hunter kills too much, then he
eats well this season but starves the next. Ifa hunter disrupts
the food chain of his prey, his prey will starve. The vampire
must feed from mortals when he is hungry, but must not feed
recklessly or kill randomly. The prey must be hunted,
trapped and killed, and the carcass hidden from the herd.
To do otherwise would disrupt other cattle and make
hunting all the more difficult.

By following these dictates, followers of this path
escape the angst and suffering of other vampires. By indulg-
ing their hunger when necessary, they can exist without the
nagging questions of morality and degeneration. Followers
learn the ways of hunger and do not waste time in idle
remonstration with a distant God. Bestials simply exist. The
moment is all that matters.

The Path of the Beast, in its oldest form, exalts the
vampire as the greatest of all hunters, the pinnacle of the
food chain. True predators rely on instinct, honed by
experience and guided by feral cunning. It has always been
so and it will be so until the Final Night. There have always
been Cainites who have thrown off the useless trappings
and pretty lies of civilization to embrace the truth.

CHAINING THE BEAST

32

As the wilderness shrinks and the cities grow ever
outward, however, the beasts' rejection of civilization be-
comes an illusion in its own way. Some ferals attempt to
retreat, moving as far as possible from the hostile world of
mortals and machines. Others, perhaps wiser creatures,
seek to become masters of that habitat. Nature rewards
those who adapt and discards those who do not. Why
should it be any different for vampires? Some wander
between city and wilderness, hunting Lupines and mortal
food alike, making the entire world their home. These
master stalkers — figures whom students of other paths
would call "paragons" — are the alphas of the path, and all
ferals seek their wisdom.

By accepting one's place as a hunter in the natural order,
abeast accepts that he is subject to what mortal poets call "the
law of the jungle" — that the strong survive. A hunter must
subdue and slay his prey, but he must also defend his ranges
from other predators. Whether those grounds are in the city or
the wilderness, a hunter must know how to fight and accept
that such violent struggle is part of existence. Other hostile
things share the world, too, and they must be driven off to
protect one's own claim on the herd.

Three separate varieties of this path exist in the Final
Nights. The philosophy described above is the dominant
one. Two minor interpretations described below are the
Path of Harmony and the Path of the Feral Heart.

HiIeRARCHY OF SINS
Me

Hunting without usin:

Rating ‘al Guideline

10 innate vampiric
Engaging in political intrigue
Risking your unlife except to slay an enemy

Indu n needless cruelty

Failing to hunt when the hunger demands
Failing

Killing w

Denying

upport your pack
feedin

your instincts

Killing for rea other than surviva

Refusing to kill to survive

ETHICS OF THE PATH

© The needs of the Beast are paramount.

© Survival is one's first concern. Anything that gets in the
way of survival is extraneous.

© Loyalty is an absolute, be it to one's pack or one's self.
Oaths are mere words. Deeds are what count.

© Master one's fears. Confront them to become stronger.

© Don't shit where one eats. Keep political messes away
from hunting grounds.

© Maintain one's haven and hunting grounds well, and
defend them from other predators.

¢ Each aspect of existence fulfills a role — even civilization
has its place. Learn what that role is and abide by it.

* Mercy is for the weak.
¢ Exist in the moment.

The world is uncertain. Always be prepared to adapt to
new situations.

* Good and evil are mortal notions. Ignore them. They
have little practical use.

¢ Adapt. No environment is constant and one must be able
to hunt no matter where he finds himself.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Adherents of this path (or any of its sub-paths) care
little for personal appearance, fashion or ornamentation.
They choose function over style. Some disdain clothing
altogether and wear rags or nothing at all. Alone in the
wilderness, with no one to see them save their food, there
is little purpose for appearances. Some Gangrel who are
adept at Protean spend so much time in other forms that
they consider their human shape as but one of several.
Being undead means nakedness is irrelevant. Cainites do
not suffer from the cold as mortals do, and modesty has no
place. Human strictures about dress and appearance are just
that — human — and are held in little regard.

Beasts are highly territorial and seek to know of every-
thing that happens on their turf. In the wilderness, beasts
tend to make nightly patrols, wandering their claimed
hunting grounds.

Few bestials actively seek the company of others of the
same path. When their roads cross, they speak and exchange
news, but they do not socialize or organize. While certain
beasts have acquired sufficient communal responsibility to
work as pseudo-priests, they are far from the norm. In the rare
instances when beasts do congregate on a "long-term" basis,
they struggle for supremacy and operate on a pack basis.
Whoever proves dominant leads the pack — until she fails
or shows weakness. These packs exist for a specific purpose,
and usually for only a short time. A group of followers that
ranges across a common area might do so to drive out
Lupines, for example. As soon as the need is gone, the pack
disbands. The group may not disintegrate completely, though,
as individual members may elect to keep in contact, but the
pack as a coherent entity is temporary. Beasts do sometimes
join established coteries or Sabbat packs, but they deal with
the coterie only until a desired purpose has been achieved.
And then, with relief, they return to the wilds and their own
hunting grounds. But those are optimal situations: Ferals are
often forced into long-term social accommodations against
their will, particularly in times of war or due to the influence
of the ancients.

Bestials following the more rarefied Path of the Feral
Heart (see below) are commanded by loyalty to theirsect and
by war with the Antediluvians. There are a few all-bestial
packs in the Sabbat; most serve in groups with Cainites of
other paths. Adherents of the Path of the Feral Heart rarely
seek leadership roles, but they fight for dominance if faced
with a weak leader. Bestials tend to serve as foot soldiers and
scouts and rarely partake in pack or sect politics.

Relationships among adherents tend to be limited to
sire and childe, or teacher (one advanced on the path) and

Chapter Turéé: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

33


pupil (one who is less advanced and who is adopted). Other
beasts are ignored or driven off.

When a beast must associate with others, he is honest
and gruff. He does not deign to spare the listener's feelings,
and seeks to keep such contact to a minimum.

Followers of this path are primarily of the Gangrel and
its major Sabbat bloodlines. Some Nosferatu and Brujah
also answer the call. There are a precious few Ravnos
followers extant these nights. It is almost unheard of for
Ventrue, Tzimisce, Lasombra or Toreador to stoop to the
level of the beasts. The Camarilla refuses to acknowledge
that such a path exists. Those who follow it are considered
lost to the Beast, and they best beware in case a Blood Hunt
is called on them. The Sabbat sees followers of this path as
useful hunters, trackers and cannon fodder. Some young
bestials who care little for politics of any kind are labeled
anarchs, but the path and the Anarch Movement have
little in common.

History

The Path of the Beast is merely the latest term for an
ancient phenomenon. There has always been a Path of the
Beast. Any vampire that struggles with hunger and seeks to
satiate its appetites walks this path, at least for a while. In
the Dark Ages, vampire elders spoke of the existence of a
Via Bestialis, the so-called Road of the Beast.

The Gangrel of old codified that Road — in as much
as the philosophy of the Beast could be structured — and
have watched over it through its many incarnations. Even
now, in the Final Nights, the majority of followers are of the
Gangrel clan and its antitribu offshoots.

The path has waxed and waned over the years —
respected and encouraged at times, ignored and dismissed
at others. Since the Gangrel abandoned the Camarilla,
some members of the clan have cast about in search of
purpose. Gangrel ancients have taught many young ones
the Path of the Beast, and some have spoken to Sabbat
templars to learn more of their experience with the hunger.
It may seem strange for a path that appears to be so anti-
intellectual to dwell on origins, but most followers of this
path know that while a vampire is a predator, he is also an
immortal intelligence.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

There is no organized cult or sect philosophy surround-
ing the Path of the Beast. Those who walk this path do so
alone. Cainites who are further along the precepts of the
path choose students as initiates and slowly guide them to
a sense of harmony with the Beast. A mentor rarely stays
with one initiate for long, moving away and finding others
to instruct. Afterward, an initiate must struggle with the
philosophies of the path alone or find another teacher. A
novice is also expected to help those who have just begun
to walk the path.

Followers of the Path of the Beast (or the Path of the
Feral Heart) have no real organization. They have little
need for ritual, tradition or other ceremonial practices.
Ferals are solitary and avoid human contact, except when

hunting. Some Sabbat nomad packs follow this path and it
is reported that when such Cainites gather, they follow the
ancient Gangrel practices of the thing. When these packs
come together, they call for all nearby bestials to gather in
an isolated part of the countryside, where — after scouring
the countryside for Lupines — they feast on unlucky
mortals and revel. Once the revel itself has settled, the
vampires share stories and hard-earned wisdom until sunup,
when most use Protean to submerge into the earth.

The rejection of formal study and emphasis on student-
mentor relationships means that disciples of the Path of the
Beast have a wide body of instinctual and oral knowledge
from which to draw. Much of that lore is contradictory.
Each student must choose which aspect of the teachings
works best for him.

A few Gangrel nomads act as masters and ritualists of
the Beast and attempt to bring some form of continuity to
the path. These storytellers, whether by accident or design,
have adapted some of the rites and roles of the Ahrimane
and Lhiannan bloodlines of times past. Such members are
few and rise into their roles not due so much to their
knowledge as to their charisma and reliability. Their pri-
mary task is to ensure a legacy in a widely scattered and
fractious community, not to preach or to research magic.

FOLLOWING THE PATH

Practitioners of the path must indulge their predatory
natures and accept their roles as hunters. What they should
not do, however, is allow their purpose to overcome them.
Mindless, ravenous things are not predators; they are un-
controlled beings to be destroyed. Like sick, rabid animals,
they are avoided if possible and killed if not.

Followers of this path know that they are predators.
They look at everyone and everything they encounter in
this context. All are potential prey or potential rivals for
hunting grounds. Respect is gained through hunting prow-
ess and the capacity to defend one's ranges. A whelp who
claims too much territory is destroyed unless he can protect
it. If he can, he receives a great deal of respect. There is no
place for compassion or for indulging the foolish (and
consequently, no place for playing politics). Pain and
violence are nature's ways and they are good teachers.

The adherents of this philosophy tend to regard other
paths with a degree of contempt. Some callings, such as the
Paths of Redemption and Paradox, obsess over ephemeral
concepts. These pursuits are wasteful to a feral. More
temporal paths are understood, if not respected. In truth,
followers do not even see theirs as "one path amongst
many." They see theirs as the only sane way to cope with
vampirism.

Virtues

The Path of the Beast in all its forms draws upon
Conviction and Instinct.

Common Abilities

Alertness, Animal Ken, Athletics (Swimming), Brawl,
Camouflage, Dodge, Empathy, Hunting, Masquerade, Medi-
tation, Ride and Survival (Tracking). Most harmonists

CHAINING THE BEAST

34

(see below) also continue to develop Abilities that they
possessed as mortals.

Preferred Disciplines

Animalism and Auspex are highly respected. Fortitude
is valued, but not particularly respected in some quarters.
They say it is "cheating." Such grumbling aside, Fortitude
is valuable. The Gangrel Discipline of Protean is consid-
ered particularly valuable and some young beasts seek an
"apprenticeship" in it with elders. Obfuscate and Celerity
are useful in hunting prey.

PatH OF HARMONY

The Path of Harmony teaches that everything has a
purpose, even vampires. If the Beast is an inhuman thing
that threatens one's sanity, then it must also have a pur-
pose. The Beast and Humanity must therefore be balanced
ifa vampire is to survive. Vampires are not human, but their
passions, intellect and destiny set them apart from the
animal kingdom. Vampires are predators, but they are not
merely predators. The Beast is strong enough to wipe away
all traces of the humane. So, Humanity must be treasured
and indulged far more than the Beast if the soul is to survive.

Followers of this path understand that vampires are not
and can never be human. Being "humane" asa goal isa false
premise, a wasteful philosophy. Mortals are nothing more
than food. A vampire is not part of the herd. But as a
predator, each vampire must respect its prey.

Harmonists believe that everything has a niche in
nature. Vampires are merely at the top of one food chain.
Humanity is the height of smaller one. And the fox, for
example, is the pinnacle of yet a smaller one. That is merely
the way of things. Harmonists respect these structures and
respect their own place within them.

Unlike the core Path of the Beast, the Path of Har-
mony suggests that there isa spiritual element toa vampire's
efforts to balance the Beast. All things are connected,
harmonists say, and by defying nature one can destroy the
fragile, gossamer energies of the world. Over the centuries,
the harmonists came to take issue with the Sabbat's treat-
ment of mortals and its uncaring attitude toward its
environment — and made the mistake of making their
discontent known. Sabbat leaders saw the philosophy as a
sign of weakness and those who did not recant their views
were destroyed. A few survived to exist alone in the wilder-
ness. Gangrel members found some shelter with their clan
members. The rest colored sunrises in Miami, Montreal,
Oslo, Mexico City and places further afield.

PATH OF THE FerAL HEART

The Path of the Feral Heart is a philosophical interpre-
tation of the tenets of the Path of the Beast, aimed to serve
the Sabbat's crusade against the Antediluvians. Like other
Sabbat-developed callings, that of the Feral Heart stresses
the superiority of the vampiric state — hunter (vampires)
over prey (mortals).

The Path of the Feral Heart developed directly out of
a schism among followers of the Path of Harmony. The

latter stressed a spiritual dimension to the vampiric state,
which was incompatible with Sabbat ways.

Adherents to the Path of the Feral Heart see a violent
and vital purity in their separation from the "distractions"
of Sabbat politics and the subtleties of the Jyhad. By
existing only as hunters, the "beasts" of the Feral Heart can
be free of superficial loyalties and extraneous behavior and
simply be vampires as Caine surely intended.

The Sabbat holds the loyalties of these adherents for
the time being, because of the sect's commitment to free-
dom and because such beasts feel that by banding together
they can hope to survive the coming of Gehenna. They do
not dwell on such fatalism, but they know enough of the
future to fear it and take steps against it.

The Path of the Feral Heart differs from the "main-
stream" of the Path of the Beast only by its focus on the
pack. The pack means survival. Alone, one cannot stand
against the Antediluvians or their plans, but as part of a
pack a Beast might survive and prosper. Enemies must be
destroyed because they threaten the pack and the indi-
vidual. Killing in defense of one's self or the pack is not
murder. It is mere necessity.

Sabbat leaders greatly appreciate the Path of the Feral
Heart. Its followers make excellent cannon fodder. Since
the purging of the harmonists, the followers of the Path of
the Feral Heart go to extra lengths to prove their determi-
nation. This turn of events highly amuses some Lasombra
bishops. Once a dog is whipped, they say, he is broken.

PATHOF BLOOD

Nickname: Assassins or Dervishes

The others have all been judged and found wanting.
The judgment has been made and it remains for the execu-
tioner to deliver the sentence. Through diablerie, murder
or blood magic, the Children of Haqim slowly fulfill the
dictates of their clan founder. The war is a holy one; the
vampires are offenses to God and must be removed from His
good earth.

Basic BELIEFS

The Path of Blood is the name given by outsiders to the
set of dictates and obligations followed by the most loyal of
the Children of Haqim. Those who follow the path or those
familiar with the ways of the children refer to the faith as
"the way" or even "the laws of Haqim."

The path is ancient, dating back to the foundation of
Alamut, and its precepts are older still. The course exalts
the heirs to Haqim's blood above all others; they are
descended from the Holy One and gifted with his teach-
ings. This legacy of both divine grace and immortal wisdom
marks the Assamites with a special place in God's plan.

Hagqim's teachings claim that the Children of Caine
are a curse leveled by God on His failing human worship-
pers. Haqim's children are just as damned and just as much
a part of the curse as any other vampire, but they can
transcend their state and rid the world of the pestilence of

Charmer Turee: Paths oF ENUGHTENMENT

35


other Cainites by virtue of their heritage and blood. Staying
the path and obeying the laws of Haqim, the Assamites may
stand apart from other vampires and be judged on their own
actions.

The Children of Haqim believe that other vampires
exist to be consumed, killed and cast aside. By feeding on
the heart's blood of other Cainites, a dervish may quench
the Beast and move closer to God's grace. This is the will of
the Creator, they believe. Caine may have been cursed, but
Hagqim was favored. God allowed him to be drawn into the
night so that he could seek redemption and bring it to
others. To move closer to Haqim (through diablerie) is to
move closer to salvation.

Notall vampires of Clan Assamite follow this path, not
even all among the Loyalist faction do (see Clanbook:
Assamite). All Children of Haqim know how harsh the
path's strictures are and only the most worthy are selected
to follow it. Assamites must demonstrate true loyalty to the
teachings of their father, and excel at whatever tasks the
clan selects for them in order to be chosen.

Other Assamites commit diablerie — be it to satiate
the hunger within or to follow what they know of the laws
of Haqim — but only those on the Path of Blood commit
diablerie for religious reasons. Caine's bastard childer are
considered wicked failures, unable to redeem themselves or
accept their place in God's plan. Their taint must be wiped
away.

The way of Haqim is based on two crucial pillars. The
first is that a follower must understand and make others
comprehend that vampires are evil, cursed things, and must
convert those few worth saving to the service of Haqim.
This does not mean adherents attempt to convert other
vampires to the path, but ensure that their actions serve
followers' interests. A Ventrue's attempt to destroy an
Elysium in Johannesburg can be channeled to be "produc-
tive." Why just destroy the Elysium with a few vampires
inside? Why not convert the Ventrue to the way of Haqim
(or a pale shadow of Haqim's way) and use her as a spy?
Delay the vampire's grand gesture until followers of the
Path of Blood learn everything that they need and then
choose the best time to allow the vampire to proceed.

Camarilla neonates, still wallowing in their angst and
questioning their fate while bemoaning their status, make
easy targets for such manipulation. Some Blood practitio-
ners use packs of young vampires of other clans as blunt
instruments — shock troops to test and destroy a target's
defenses. There is no shame in doing so; when all these
childer go to their Final Deaths, the world is rid of them and
God's work has been done. Some path followers fancy that
by being destroyed in the service of the path, a vampire of
a bastard clan is absolved.

In general, however, Haqim commands that Cainites
of other bloodlines be destroyed. They are not to be be-
friended. They are not to be allied with. There must be a
cogent reason why a vampire of another clan is not slain
outright by an Assamite on the Path of Blood. The assassin
must show fellow followers a valid benefit to the other's
existence. For example, a Sabbat Noddist searching for the

CHAINING THE Beast

36

resting place of ancient Methuselahs might be spared if his
investigation provides clues to Haqim's resting place. A
Toreador antiquarian who lovingly maintains a fallen
Assamite warrior's weapon may be despised, but can be left
alone. A vampire who knowingly aids the Children of
Haqim in their holy war is worthy of continued unlife.

But do not assume that these precepts make the der-
vishes murderous fundamentalists. They understand — as
most other vampires do not — that the moral relativism
practiced by Cainites is a lie. Vampires consume humans
for survival, and use them for diversion, pleasure and as
playthings. There is no debate on the issue: Vampires are
evil. Evil must be hunted down and destroyed. The hypoc-

isy of other Cainites is even more insulting than their
existence.

Followers of this path know that they cannot wage all-
out war on the other clans, though. They tried that before
and failed. As deadly as the Assamites are, with their
sorcery, Disciplines and martial skills, they are vastly out-
numbered. Even adherents of the Path of Blood accept that
there must be limits to the true Jyhad. The dervishes
operate within the bounds of vampiric society until the
time is right, playing at mercenaries and offering gifts of
violence and murder to the highest bidders. The price they
charge is blood, both in potable donations from elders and

in the right to diablerize victims. Some Children of Haqim
believe they both honor and save the souls of targets in this

manner. Others do not hold to such high-minded supersti-
tions; blood is blood and the children must walk the path.

Hie RARCHY OF SINS
Moral Guideline
Killing a mortal for blood
Breaking your word of honor to a fellow
Path of Blood follower

Rating
10

Not bringing the truth of Haqim to others
Failing to destroy an unrepentant vampire
Frenzying

Not learning all about the enemy and its
secrets

Failing to slay and drain the blood of a foe

Refusing to answer the summons of an

Ochekieathianenk bet

Failing to diablerize an enemy

Acting-against anctheppath follower

ETHICS OF THE DATH

© The teachings of Haqim are the gospels of the night.
Follow them faithfully.

© The low clans feed on mortal blood. Assassins are not of
the low clans. Feed from God's children only when
utterly necessary. To feed on humans is wrong. To feed
on vampires is the will of the divine.

© The Beast must be sated. The Beast is a tool, a gift, and
it can be used for good or ill. The Beast is a challenge. It
must be honed to one's will and mastered utterly. To lose

oneself to the Beast is to lose control. Losing control is
the province of the weak.

Watch and listen for anything that can help in the war
against the Children of Khayyin.

Hagqim's teachings hold truth for all vampires. Offer
those who prove worthy a chance to learn of Haqim's
words.

Those who refuse Haqim's words are heretics and en-
emies and must be slain.

Seek out opportunities to draw one's sself closer to
Hagim (i.e., indulge in diablerie whenever possible)

History

The basic philosophies of the Path of Blood can
be traced back to Haqim's teachings when he dwelled
in the Second City. And yet, the calling itself, like
other paths, developed over time. Scholars talk of a
process of "honing" as time, work and the pain of ages
stripped away and sharpened the philosoph
At the beginning of the Common Era, the Path of
Blood had adapted many of the precepts of Zoroastri-
anism, but by the 9th century, it had adopted a great
deal of Islamic teaching. Vampires were obviously
unclean things and a threat to the faithful. The
notion of God as a harsh master who had set a great
task for his followers appealed to the warriors of
Alamut.

In the Dark Ages, the path, then known as the
Tariq el-Haqim, was widely respected among Arabic
Kindred who followed the tenets of Islam. These
Ashirra acknowledged that the Children of Haqgim
followed an older creed than that of the Prophet and
considered followers privy to ancient laws set down
by God. For their part, the adherents of Haqim did
not strike Ashirra who were true to the laws of God.
Haqimite scholars and Ashirra elders discussed their
mutual truths until the dawning of many days, and
there was balance for a long time. Many young path
followers of the time were Embraced as Muslims, or
like the Ashirra sought conversion after they were
born into the night. Both groups shared a common set
of philosophies and goals, and watched over the Em-
pire of Faith as it spread across the known world.

tenets.

But time is the enemy of all things, even for
immortal beings and their beliefs. As the Children of
Haqim continued their crusade to bring their lord's
justice to even the most distant infidels, the path
waned. With adherents stretched between the west-
ern isles and the borders of Taugast, there were few
teachers sufficiently advanced to ensure that the laws
were respected. As the children Embraced infidels,
many found it easiest not to instruct their childer in
the Path of Blood. Heretical interpretations of the
path emerged in this vacuum and it was one such
abomination that may have formed the basis of the
modern Path of Caine.

Harve Turéé: PATHS OF ENUGHTENMENT

37


Following the Convention of Thorns, the de-
feated childer of Haqim almost abandoned the Path
of Blood. Many newly Embraced "Assamites" — as
they were known in the West — clung to the flotsam
of their humanity. A strange, mistaken remnant of
the Path of Blood lingered on, but it was never very
influential. The true path was still taught at Alamut,
but until the waking of Haqim's childe Ur-Shulgi in
1999, little effort was made to extend the path's
influence.

The following is now taught in its purest form in
millennia. Connections to Islam have been
downplayed, though are still tolerated. Ur-Shulgi
demands that Islamic influence be removed, but his
subordinates know that such an exorcism will be
extraordinarily difficult and will take decades if not
centuries to accomplish. The Path of Blood officially
rejects Islam, but there is respect for the Prophet's
words in practice. The Loyalist faction sees adher-
ence to the path as adherence to Haqim's laws and by
extension, loyalty to Ur-Shulgi. Followers now ac-
tively evangelize their way and try to recruit as many
of the Children of Haqim as possible (especially those
who have not chosen sides in the Loyalist/Schismatic
divide) to the holy cause.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

Since the breaking of the Tremere curse and Ur-
Shulgi's ascension to the Black Throne, the Path of
Blood has come into its own. Practitioners actively
pursue their war against all enemies. Followers of the
Path of Blood do not hunt their Schismatic fellows.
They turn their attention to other foes more worthy
of an assassin's blade and a diablerist's fangs. Assamite
warriors and sorcerers seek to unravel the Baali curse
and prepare the way for the great holy war against the
Children of Khayyin. Baali in North America and
Europe have fallen to Haqim's children, and others
cower in their holes, waiting for the end.

Those on the Path of Blood have always sought to
deliver righteous vengeance upon vampires who would
sully God's Earth with their evil, but now followers
approach fanaticism. They still undertake mercenary
work and demand payment in blood, but such "em-
ployment" is a means to an end. Adherents, especially
those of a scholarly bent, focus on converting others
who may be redeemed or used (especially neonates),
and seek to secure and translate occult books and
libraries for the use of their cause.

All, however, spend considerable time in con-
templation, prayer and meditation, seeking to
understand Haqim's teachings and the whispered
legacy of the Holy One. Others seek to know God's
purpose (by whatever name He may be known), and
in so doing hope to find clues to both Haqim's loca-
tion and when he will awaken.

BREAKING THE CURSE f
The Path of Blood struggles on two fronts. Its warriors |
take the battle to the Children of Khayyin, and itsscholars 4
and magicians work nightly in their laboratories and"
sanctums to break the curse laid on the clan by the Baali. _
Ur-Shulgi removed the Tremere curse set upon the §
Children of Haqim, but the Baali's is beyond even his ©
power. Lifting this last hex is a priority for the Path of |
Blood, and provides one of the few rationales for making ~
deals with the Children of Khayyin. In the summer of ©
2003, a representative from Alamut traveled to Mexico
City to meet with three Harbingers of Skulls to see if |
necromancy would serve to weaken the curse. Loyalist _
Assamites have even taken to Embracing mortal occult-
ists in Europe tosee if they can bring new insight into the —
struggle. Others believe that the curse will last only as |
longas the Baali bloodline andhave doubled their efforts _
to hunt down and slay the last of that lineage. i
The most promising development thus far involves
creating amulets that ward off the curse. These items can
sate the hunger for one lunar month and require the ©
expenditure of a blood: point each week. Making an"
amulet is neither easy nor cheap, 50 the devices are ~
impractical to issue to every clan member. An amulet's
effect proves that the curse is somehow external to the
Assamite blood. Sorcerers now want Baali vampires 4
captured. Some Baali somewhere holds the key to lifting _
the curse. It's only a matter of time until the Children of |
Hagim are liberated.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Followers of this path may appear to be fanatical assas-
sins or obsessive scholars, desperately searching for clues to
the End Times, but this view is false. There is an edge of
desperation to their actions, but adherents to the way of
Blood must prepare, must plan and must be equipped for war.
Similarly, practitioners may seem to confirm the stereotype
of "foreign" assassin, terrorist or spy (and likely Islamic), but
followers of Haqim are not "Islamic." The way of Haqim is
older than the law of the Prophet and although the faithful
maintain a particular respect for Islam, few would call them-
selves "Muslim." Only a few path members are Arabs.

Followers of this path still operate as mercenaries for
blood, but now much of that vitae is sent to Alamut to
prepare for the awakening of Haqim. Scholars know that
when a being as old as Haqim awakes, he will be hungry.
They wish to sate their lord's thirst so that he may lead the
clan to victory, rather than be his food. When Hagqim is
satisfied, the final battle will commence and the Children
of Haqim will march alongside God's holy angels.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

To walk this path, adherents must rid themselves of any
moral objections to diablerie. Feeding upon other Cainites is
not the worst sin of the blood. Indeed, it is one of the least.
There's no shame in delivering God's judgment. Nor is it a

CHAINING THE BEAST


crime to steal froma thief. Diablerie rids the world ofa cursed
being and diminishes potential enemies.

Dervishes know that they are the only hope for salva-
tion for the world. Seeking oneness with Haqim is not just
a rationale for diablerie, it means seeking to balance one's
soul and putting the hunger at bay. This oneness is perhaps
aform of Golconda, or perhaps something more. The path's
focus may go beyond a mere balance of Beast and intellect,
and may set an adherent in a new direction, one that will
bring him to transcendent unity with the divine.

Followers of Blood are not Islamic, but they respect the
teachings of the Prophet. Some reject the schism and say
that Haqim was one of the prophets who came before the
Last Prophet — Islam has named Christ and Buddha and
sometimes Zarathustra as prophets who came before. Those
are prophets of the day, of mortals. Why should the night
not also have prophets?

Devotees respect humanity and seek to protect mortals
from the hungers of the Children of Khayyin. Followers
must deal fairly and honestly with mortals, and see to it that
they are not harmed unnecessarily. Some even refuse to
commit an act of violence against a Cainite if there is any
chance that a mortal may be harmed.

Though other vampires are considered cursed, many As-
sassins make exceptions in their holy mission, depending on the
circumstances. Given a choice between slaying a Camarilla
archonand helping her destroy anest of Baali, the follower ofthe
Path of Blood lends his talents to the Camarilla mission.

Targeting Baali and infernalists is always work per-
formed gratis. Assassins do not charge seek payment for
performing a righteous duty. Followers of this path refuse to
diablerize such vampires, though. Some refuse to even allow
these enemies' blood to touch the earth. A favored tactic is
to stake such infernalists and transport their prone forms to
Alamut where Assamite sorcerers can torture the infidels
and ensure that they're disposed of in a consecrated manner.

Like Sabbat Noddists, Path of Blood adherents per-
form intensive research to learn where powerful elders may
sleep — so that they may be slain and diablerized.

ADVANCING ON THE DATH

Path of Blood tutors lead a postulant through the early
stages of conversion from Humanity to truth. Most of this
education takes place at Alamut. An assigned tutor leads a
child through a series of initiations and tests until she is
deemed fit to progress onto the path itself. Initiation is
personal. A tutor sets aside a cell for the student, where the
subject must stay for one lunar month. In that time, she must,
in a strange echo of Sufi ritual, meditate through dancing
while cutting herself with a chosen weapon. At each dawn,
the postulant is allowed to feed from animals provided, and
sleep. As the student focuses, dancing in a violent, swirling
motion, she concentrates on the teachings of Haqim and
contemplates the nature of God. (Thus, followers of this path
are sometimes nicknamed "dervishes," although the Path of
Blood has little to do with Sufism.)

When an initiate is deemed ready, she is branded by a
magical device at the base of the spine, leaving a strange blue

sigil. The sign is the ancient Enochian glyph for death. Such
marking is an ancient practice that fell out of use in the long
nights since Haqim's departure. Only a few truly elder follow-
ers whoare still active bear the original sign. Since Ur-Shulgi's
awakening, the practice has resumed. Not all adherents have
these brands — only those who make frequent visits to
Alamut. Still, young followers have adopted the practice
enthusiastically. Those few Blood practitioners who are num-
bered amongst the "Schismatics" refuse such markings.

As a novice progresses on the path, her markings be-
come more complex. She is allowed progress when she
performs particular holy missions, set as challenges. At first,
a mission may involve learning crucial intelligence. Later, a
candidate may be set to hunt down a Baali coterie or slay a
Camarilla prince. The viziers of the Path of Blood trace long
flame tattoos on an assassin's back. The marks are made with
atool carved from the fangs or claws of fallen enemies. As an
adherentadvances, the tattoos can cover the vampire's back.

Intermingled with the flames, viziers etch the names of
victims. These names are written in either Arabic or
Enochian, are very small and are hard to discern from
obvious designs. Viziers say that they do not glorify such
murder or pay homage to a mere killer, but revel in the
prowess of a warrior devoted to the word of God.

Non-combatant path followers sometimes bear lists of the
great services they have performed for the Children of Hagim.
A scholar may wear the names of texts she has translated. A
sorcerer may beadorned by titles of the ritualsshe has unearthed.

Virtues

Those who follow Haqgim's way must demonstrate
great Conviction and Self-Control.

Common Abilities

As may be expected, combat proficiency — Brawl,
Melee, Dodge, Intimidation and perhaps Firearms — is
incredibly useful for a path follower. Scholarly adherents
practice Academics, Expression and Occult.

Preferred Disciplines

Adherents of Blood seek to refine their control over
Quietus, Obfuscate and Celerity — the Assamite clan
Disciplines. These are Haqim's gifts and effective weapons
in the war against the Children of Khayyin. Assamite
sorcerers who follow this path research their own brand of

Thaumaturgy (see Blood Magic and Blood Sacrifice).

PATH OFTHE BONES

Nickname: Gravediggers

The one commonality amongall vampires —Camarilla
or Sabbat, elder or neonate — is the Embrace. And to be
Embraced, to rise as the undead, a being must shed his
mortal coil. To put it bluntly, he must die. All vampires
have therefore experienced and transcended the greatest of
mortal mysteries.

Or have they? To followers on the Path of the Bones,
the study of death — of that fleeting moment between
living and unliving existence — is the key to the spiritual

Charter THrét: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

39


understanding of undeath. The relationship between death
and the rest of existence — life, undeath and even stranger
and more abstract states — is the central mystery that
followers of this path seek to solve.

This calling has ancient roots. The vampires who
developed the first teachings were ancient nearly beyond
recollection. Currently, however, the path is the domain of
the terrifying Clan Giovanni. These usurpers are infamous
for their practice of necromancy, and the study of this path
certainly facilitates and is facilitated by the necromantic
arts. But gravediggers, as path devotees are sometimes
called, seek more than mere lore. They seek understanding
and comprehension of the forces of death itself, not simply
control over them.

This path is contemplative, although the subjects that
members study can shatter a weak or unready mind.
Gravediggers spend their nights in research and introspec-
tion, and murder and ill fortune can follow these vampires
like a flock of ravens. Even among some Giovanni, devo-
tees of the Path of the Bones are regarded with superstitious
dread. Some Kindred fear that gravedigger studies give
them significant insights into the Final Death of all vam-
pires.

To some extent, this reputation is justified. Adherents
do their best work in times and places where death is
prevalent. The presence of gravediggers often means "some-

thing wicked" is about to happen — death on as large and
grotesque a scale as possible. To the extent that this
predilection works in synch with the goals of the Giovanni,

the clan permits practitioners to pursue their studies. The
relationship between gravedigger and fellow Giovanni is
not so cordial as outsiders might assume, though.

BASIC BELIEFS

Unlike some paths that uphold understanding vampir-
ism as essential to spiritual development, followers of the
Path of the Bones view unlife as tertiary, perhaps even
incidental. Undeath is clearly a part of the whole; it is
merely convenient to have centuries over which to perform
one's work. Without understanding of the states of being
beyond death's veil, nothing will matter when Final Death
comes. Even Antediluvians can fall. The Giovanni know
this all too well.

Still, the Beast can ruin the work of centuries in but a
moment. Meditation is considered essential not only to
comprehension, but also to control the monster within.
Many gravediggers actually consider the Beast to be the
human side of the soul — the frustrated life principle, the
urge to fight and eat and mate that dissipates in the
tranquility of the other side.

Gravediggers play little part in the Jyhad, save as it
serves to advance their own aims. If the Antediluvians exist
at all, they are still infinitesimal next to the cosmic black-
ness that snuffs out the very stars. Thus, the path holds little
opinion on the coming of Gehenna, save that it could prove
to be an impediment to study ora great crucible for personal
development.

CHAINNG THe Beast

40

HieRARCH
Moral Guid

Showing fear of death

OF SINS
Rating line

Failing to study an occurrence of death
Accidental killing

Postpot feeding when hungry

Succumbing to frenzy

Refusing to kill when the opportunity presents
itself
Making

1 decision based on emotion rather than

Inconveniencing yourself for another'
Needle

Actively

y preventing a death

reventing a death

BTHICS OF THE DATH

© Study death in all its permutations. This is the central
tenet of the path. If 10,000 years of civilization and a
plethora of tools from astrolabes to the Internet are
insufficient to define even a fraction of what is knows as
"life," surely death (which is potentially more vast) will
take all the more time and effort to comprehend.
Determine when death occurs; define it. For vampires,
death does not come when the heart stops, when brain
activity ceases. These physiological events occurred some
time ago. Thus, all the medical lore of the First World is
useless in answering the age-old question. The precise
whens, whys and wherefores of the moment between

and nonexistence, vital and inanimate, must

be determined.

awarenes

Search for a purpose for death and the life that precedes
it. In this goal, the path is not so different from other
philosophies and religions, not even those of mortals.
Existentialist and spiritualist thought certainly has a
place in the world of the Cainites, just as it does among
all sentient beings. You simply ask different questions.

© Quantify the differences of death among various causes.

From studies of ghosts, it is clear that means of death have
a measurable effect on what lies beyond. Evidence exists
that, just as different dyes stain clothing with different
hues, so do different ways of passing cause significant and
possibly eternal markings on the fabric of the spirit.
Precisely what this means to those on "this side," or to
eternity as a whole, is a subject for debate. Nonetheless,
the varieties of death and their meaning must be studied
as must any significant phenomenon.
Achieve a comfort with death and life — distinguish
between salvation and damnation. The very terms "sal-
vation" and "damnation" are permuted and perverted by
kine and Kindred's primal fear of the beyond. Vampires
refer to themselves as "the Damned" and seek a false
salvation in the bizarre hybrid-state of Golconda. When
one has confronted the ultimate mystery, all lesser con-
siderations are trivial.

© Hasten death's arrival should it seem to be unnecessarily
delayed. When God cast Adam from the Garden of Eden,

God decreed that death was the ultimate end of mortal-
ity. Since that day, man (and vampires) have devoted
countless hours and labor toward cheating death, flout-
ing God's decree. Thus, it seems fitting that, as beings
seeking to understand the universe's plan, gravediggers
repay a little of what has been stolen from death.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Obviously, the vast majority of gravediggers belong toClan
Giovanni. Many outsiders perceive the path and clan assynony-
mous. Thatisnot the case. In fact, few Giovanni follow the path,
seeing it as a questionable and dubious relic of a dead past. That
said, the clan tolerates and humors path followers, because they
provide most of its advances in knowledge and Necromancy.
Materialistic members of the clan lack the patience and person-
ality to develop the rituals and techniques that gravediggers
eagerly invent and (not so eagerly) disseminate.

Giovanni adherents serve primarily as "scientists" and
repositories of ancient lore. Among the path's libraries is
much of historical and pragmatic value for clan members as
a whole. Gravediggers know this well and like all good
Necromancers are shrewd and hard bargainers when it
comes to exchanging favors with their less erudite kin.

Not all knowledge lies at the clan's fingertips, though.
Many ancient precursor sites are hidden and abandoned,
guarded by fell traps and perhaps worse. Some gravediggers
specialize in "tomb robbing" these ancient sites, and those
with an aptitude for this vocation are often retained by the
Giovanni as a whole for other missions. Say, infiltrating a
Tremere chantry or a primogen haven.

Some followers not only specialize in learning ancient
lore, they talk to it. Gravediggers are the clan's primary
liaisons with ghosts. The path itself has much to learn from
spirits, but the networks that have been developed over
time prove useful for more than knowledge of the "other
side." Gravedigger "diplomats" with the dead often find
themselves thrust into the Jyhad to recruit "allies."

But devotees have ambitions and aims outside Clan
Giovanni, and other Kindred of suitable mindset are occa-
sionally inducted onto the path. Tremere and their antitribu
are the most likely candidates, given their scholarly bent and
aptitude for magic. Nor is it a great leap between the
philosophies of Bones and Death and the Soul, so some
Sabbat neonates "defect." In fact, path followers keep an eye
out (when possible) for promising Death and the Soul
recruits, and attempt to lure them from their sect before their
initiation is complete. Malkavians of all stripes occasionally
have insight to offer about the world beyond, as well.

History

Perhaps the most "religious" of the paths, Bones came
from ancient spiritual practices of vampires who predated
the Giovanni. Rumor has it that these creatures, rather
than playing games of power or Jyhad, sought to reconcile
themselves with the god of life and death who had cast
them into the wilderness of undeath.

Charter Turée: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

Al


The mysteries posed by this path and its followers
might well be as old as Neolithic burial practices. Indeed,
they could predate Caine if the First Vampire came from an
established agrarian community rather than from Adam
himself. It is speculated, though, that the philosophical
bent of this following coalesced during the last millennium
B.C., when Judaism and Zoroastrianism arose while "pa-
gan" writers such as Aeschylus asked deep, dark questions
of the great void.

It is known that by this time, the precursors of the
Giovanni had distanced themselves from the struggles of
the other Antediluvians and Methuselahs, seeking solitude
and communion with a higher power. Much of the ancient
lore that was transcribed into the Path of the Bones suppos-
edly sprang from the litanies and plaints of that line's
Antediluvian, whose name is given as Cappadocius, Lazarus
and Thanatos.

By the Middle Ages, the "Road of Bones" was known
among the Cainites of Europe and the Near East. Travelers
of the Road sought to "complete the journey" between life
and death in order to take their place as the children of
God. They saw their unliving bodies, filled with blood, as
vessels by which the will of God could be made manifest on
Earth. Unlike some other vampires, followers of the Road
of Bones did not seek to actively enact the will of God,
merely to comprehend it.

The Road took a turn, however, when the ancient
bloodline was murdered and usurped by the Venetian
servitor family, the Giovanni. Under new masters, the lore
of the Road largely disappeared. Still, some Giovanni had
pursued the Road and over the next two centuries, they
sought both to make peace with the calling's few surviving
lorebearers, and to distill the following into something with
a more pragmatic bent.

They succeeded only partly. Over the next centuries,
lore was consolidated and redistributed into a new form
suitable for the nascent clan. As the Age of Enlightenment
dawned, the overtly religious trappings of the path were
altered into a more secular study of death. Rather than a
path to the divine, death became a divinity or divine state
in and of itself.

The large-scale conflicts of nation states in the 17th
through 20th centuries spurred the path's development.
Gravediggers haunted the battlefields of the Hundred Years',
Napoleonic, Crimean, American Civil, Franco-Prussian
and War to End All Wars, avidly gleaning knowledge from
increasingly innovative carnage.

Since the development of the atomic bomb and other
"weapons of mass destruction," Kindred on other paths
worry about gravediggers' ultimate aims. Certainly, the
potential means now exist for the greatest imaginable
experiments in life and death ever conducted. Genocide,
too, is now a more commonplace idea than it was in history.
When pressed on these points, most gravediggers tend to
stare calmly, neither confirming nor denying accusations.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

Gravediggers value discretion and secrecy. They ob-
scure their doings from the eyes of even their own clan
mates, to say nothing of outsiders. Rituals, gatherings and
experiments are conducted in out-of-the-way places, with
no (living) witnesses.

The creation of zombies is essential to the practices of
the path, simply because no living servitors can be trusted
to perform tasks correctly and keep their mouths shut.
Zombie creation is also a means of maintaining the "basics"
and keeping one's necromantic skills sharp.

Adherents are contemplative; study and meditation are
central to advancement. Teachers, however, are more diffi-
cult tocome by than one might expect. The greatest mentors
often isolate themselves from the demands of clan and Jyhad,
so they must be sought out by prospective students. Finding
them can be demanding; merely unearthing the locations of
teachers can be a taxing research project.

With study comes experimentation, the overseeing of
different means and processes of death. Gravediggers some-
times set up havens with access to penitentiaries, war-torn
locales, hospitals, morgues and other places where the dead
and dying gather. Some experiments still require the pro-
curement of active subjects, though. Practitioners don't go
out of their way to slay the healthy and vital, but they are
not averse to helping the natural process along — even
rudely and violently if necessary.

Some gravediggers act as agents provocateur, entering
volatile situations such as border conflicts, sect wars or turf
battles, and "stir the shit" to incite violence. These efforts
sometimes coincide with the needs of Clan Giovanni, so
such experiments can occur in parallel with other clan
business.

Conversely, some Gravediggers enter sect war zones as
stabilizing agents. To make for valuable study, death must
not only be present, it must be well orchestrated. Such
meticulous procedure is sometimes not possible in Kindred
(or kine) struggles. Like a conductor, a gravedigger directs
and focuses the carnage, ensuring that it serves his purpose
in uncovering truths behind death as a whole.

In a more direct vein, a few devotees seek to improve
their understanding of death directly, serving as clan war-
riors, mercenaries or assassins. Such creatures are prized by
whatever master is fortunate enough to retain their ser-
vices. With their knowledge of Necromancy, gravediggers
prove to be effective killers (and even better resurrection-
ists). In this task, they occasionally come into conflict with
members of Clan Assamite. Battles between such undead
can be as spectacular as they are brutal.

Nota few gravediggers deal with the spirit world directly,
acting as liaisons (or slave masters) for ghosts and spirits.
Different path followers make pacts with the various castes of
the Underworld, offering favors (perhaps to the living relatives
of ghosts) in exchange for teaching and services. It's rumored
that a few powerful practitioners have even managed to enter
the ghosts' realm, to walk the fabled Iron City — or perhaps to
be enslaved there, never to return to living lands.

CCHAINING THE BEAST

2

A few gravediggers have taken it upon themselves to
understand the relationship between the Underworld and the
fabled "spirit world" of their Lupine foes. Thus far, efforts to
contact or control such spirits have proven of little gain.
Indeed, vampires can barely perceive such spirits, while some
Lupines claim to interact with them regularly. Nonetheless,
efforts to grasp any such aspect of posthumous existence
persist, for there could be a wealth of power there, power of an
unknown but potentially enlightening variety.

One duty that's recently been assumed by path mem-
bers is the protection of certain mortal family trees, most
often those connected to the Giovanni. A gravedigger
"watches over" a family, either disguising himself as a
member or simply observing nearby. In this fashion, he can
oversee the mortals' progress from birth to old age to the
grave, while the family (theoretically) gains a protector and
"guardian angel." In practice, observers almost never lift a
finger to stave off death from any source, though they
thwart the efforts of rival Kindred to control such families.

Obviously, development of Necromancy powers and
rituals is both a means and an end. Proficiency in Necro-
mancy is a sign of aptitude and devotion. Gravediggers go
to great lengths to discover (or rediscover) new, forgotten
or lost techniques in the black arts.

FOLLOWING THE PATH

Taking up the Path of the Bones entails gaining an
intimate understanding of death in all its forms. The first
stages of the path are fairly strictly regulated. A prospective
student is approached and taken through the initiation
process by a group and is then apprenticed to a particular
master. The student performs tasks and errands for her
mentor, learning about death and the afterlife in the
process. A task might involve ridding a mausoleum of the
ghosts haunting it (perhaps by negotiating with them), or
directing the deeds of a serial murderer.

As the vampire grows in age and maturity (and kills
more and more of her own victims), she is permitted to
engage in self-directed research. At this time, she often
leaves her teacher to set up a haven in a different city.
Young members of the path often enter either Giovanni or
Camarilla territory and offer their services in exchange for
welcome and protection.

Once established, research is largely at the discretion of
the individual vampire. Like any other scholarly group,
gravediggers maintain contact through libraries and the
Internet (the latter under several encrypted newsgroups and
websites). Truly grotesque experiments often require the
establishment of a labyrinthine retreat, where failed — or
successful — creations are least likely to attract attention.

Atsome point in their studies, most followers establish
spiritual communion with ghosts. They seek to establish
havens in areas with access to spirits — often in graveyards
orat murder sites. Through careful bargaining with wraiths,
a journeyman refines his knowledge into a sophisticated
body of lore.

The central meeting place of the path is, not surpris-
ingly, in Venice. It is not at the Giovanni clan loggia,
however, but ata small, out-of-the-way villa in the suburbs.
Here, path members from around the world share knowl-
edge, viewpoints and insights. Even the dullest locals know
the place is "haunted," a side effect of the numerous ghosts
and spirits contacted in the abode.

The library of lore at this place is fantastic, even by
Kindred standards. The warlocks of Clan Tremere have
tried for centuries to get their hands on it. Every attempt
has been denied, and path members are suspicious of
Tremere initiates to this night (though, ironically, they
induct more members of this clan than any other non-
Giovanni clan).

Virtues

Followers of the Path of the Bones practice Conviction
and Self-Control.

Common Abilities

Initiates are often called upon for menial labor, leading
them to improve their Athletics Ability. They might also
be put on scout or guard duty, requiring competent combat
Abilities. As they advance, gravediggers need high scores
in Occult, Science and Medicine.

Preferred Disciplines

The Path of the Bones exalts the complex Discipline of
Necromancy above all others. Auspex is too useful a tool to
ignore, and of all things Potence proves useful in hands-on
graveyard toil. A few gravediggers know some Thaumaturgy
and they guard their knowledge carefully.

PATHOF CaAINe
Nickname: Noddists

BAsIc BELIEFS

The key to redemption lies within. Only by learning of
Caine's ways and following his divine teachings can a
vampire learn to be at peace. A Cainite must examine
himself, his desires, his weaknesses and his failings. The
vampiric condition can be understood only through thor-
ough self-examination. Pain and uncertainty must be
confronted and transcended. The agonies of undead exist-
ence are mere penance.

The key toundeath, Noddists say, is that by knowing the
past, one can understand the present. Followers of the Path
of Caine go well beyond that simple aphorism, though.
Understanding Caine and the beginnings. of things is an
obsession beyond all else. Caine is the paragon of all vam-
pires, the Dark Father to whomall vampires should aspire. To
seek such greatness, a vampire must explore all the advan-
tages and limitations of his nature and learn about how these
phenomena came to be. To fully comprehend Caine's bless-
ing, Caine himself must be comprehended and the student
must understand why the dark gift was given.

Adherents of this path are the historians of the
Sabbat. Noddists obsessively search through mortal histo-
ties and the shadow histories of vampires. They are

haere Turée: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

B


expected to be scholars, both to record the epic glories of
the Sabbat's struggle against the Antediluvians, and to
ferret out information that might be useful to the sect's
crusades. The Sabbat expects useful information, but it
also allows Noddists to continue their obscure pursuits
unmolested. Followers' grails are primary sources — the
fragmentary and seemingly contradictory records of Caine,
the First City and the Flood. This obsession goes far
beyond mere historical interest. It borders on the religious
and mystical. Noddists are the theologians of the terrify-
ing faith of Caine.

The true heart of this path is the acceptance of the
curse. But acceptance is merely the start. Vampirism is
considered a gift. By becoming a vampire, a mortal can
come close to the truth of all things and touch divinity.
The undead form and its weaknesses must be fully under-
stood, even as one studies Caine's laws. One cannot
comprehend vampirism without knowing the law. Caine's
gift must also be honed, sharpened and tested, by develop-
ing Disciplines, learning new skills and by challenging
oneself.

Diablerie is sanctioned and practiced by adherents of
this faith — to become closer to Caine. Noddists seek to
approach the Father, not the Antediluvians. Advocates
seek to end the Antediluvians above all other goals. After
all, these elders defied Caine and were punished.

Diablerie is not anything as base as merely stealing
power. It isnot merely a cheap way of learning Disciplines.
By drinking the heart's blood of another vampire, one can

savor another's unlife, another's experience, and grow in
the light of Caine's wisdom. Other vampires all have
insights into the nature of the vampiric condition. By
drinking their souls, Noddists receive blessings from unlife
itself.

This path is not concerned with salvation or with
somehow seeking redemption from God. Vampires are the
result of God's curse, and so the undead should have no
need or desire to seek His grace or to supplicate them-
selves to His power. Vampires are not "evil" — they are
part of the natural order. To be a vampire and not exult in
one's nature is evil. To be undead and not use the tools
that the Curse provides is evil. Sanctity, if it applies to the
vampires at all, can only come through learning Caine's
way. Transcendence, if it is possible, will only come when
Caine awakens and gathers his childer to him. On that
Final Night, he will judge all and bring those who have
been faithful into his mercy and grace.

The Path of Caine is demanding, rigorous and spe-
cialized. It emphasizes scholarship, eschatology, insight
and harsh personal control. Followers are expected to
spend most of their time learning all they can about
Gehenna, searching for fragments of the Book of Nod and
other texts, and defending their theology against doubters
and blasphemers. Other things, adherents are told, can
wait. After all, vampires are undying.

CHAINING THE BEAST

44

HIeRARCHY OF SINS
Rating Moral Guideline

10

Failing to research and study at every opportunity

Failing to instruct other v

Path of Caine

umpires on the
Treating mortals as equals
Disrespecting other students of Caine
Failing to "ride the wave" of a frenzy
Succumbing to Rotschreck
Failing to slay and diablerize an enemy
Not testing the limits of the vampiric form
Failing to pursue knowledge about Caine
and vampirism

Denying the hunger or the needs of the

Cainite form

ETHICS OF THE DATH

¢ The way of wisdom is the way of restraint. Never go to
extremes in anything. Indulgence, passion and mercy —
all these things cloud the mind.
Develop the will. One's will is his greatest tool. Learn the
meaning of inner strength.
Learn as much as pc
cially that whi
fragment and hint about the Dark Father. Learn well
from them.
The vitae of the unworthy should be taken. Always seek
to drink the heart's blood of older generations and
thereby grow closer to Caine. Take the vitae of the weak
and savor their experiences and insights. Caine whispers
in their blood, too.

ble about vampiric history, espe-
h concerns Caine. Search for every clue,

¢ Adapt to the undead state. Exist as a vampire. Do not lie
to one's self and be subservient to mortal laws or moral
strictures.

© Meditate and spend time alone to better understand one's
self.
Do not take the curse for granted. Exult in its power and
beware its weaknesses.
Respect those on this path who have come closer to the
truth than one's self.
Recognize that vampires are of the race of Caine and
humans are of the race of Abel. It is a vampire's right to
take human lives at will. It is the curse placed upon Caine
and all his children.
Fight the Beast. Master it. Be stronger. Will can over-
come weakness. Never succumb to frenzy; always "ride
the wave." The Beast led Caine to murder Abel. The
Beast can force er beings to perform unplanned,
foolish and depraved acts.

¢ Live in peace among mortals whenever possible. Do not
reveal vampiric existence to them. But never forget that
the undead are their betters and mortals are food.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Noddists take their role as Caine's priests seriously. Fol-
lowers of this path are expected to be reserved, dignified and
educated. They tend to dress in somber black, and many adopt
traditional Catholic trappings in mockery of that religion.
Some were religious in life — usually those whose intellect or
perversion attracted the attention of sires in the first place.
Such origins give the priests a rather dubious reputation
outside the Sabbat, as many suspect that followers are prima-
rily disturbed and deranged mortals given the dark gift so they
may practice their sins for eternity. These accusations are not
necessarily untrue, but it is usually intellect, not perversion,
that a Noddist sire seeks. Those Embraced can seek Caine's
truths as a way of finding redemption.

Noddists are often soft-spoken, diplomatic and schol-
arly, but defend their ideals with passion and sometimes
violence. While many have a reputation for non-competi-
tion with others of the path, serious disagreements have
arisen — rifts that have led to monomancy and murder.

Priests do not seek to play games with the universe.
Caine's knowledge has been recorded; Noddists' goal is
merely to find it. They are not philosophers in the truest
sense of the word. Rather, they are theologians. They
debate and study Caine's words and the records of ancient
times to synthesize a theological framework for the Sabbat
in the Final Nights.

The faithful tend to be controlled, calm and intellec-
tual. Many see them as aloof, even arrogant. Noddists
deliberately make themselves unapproachable so they are
not distracted by petty concerns. When they deign to
communicate, they dominate conversations and seek to
test other vampires' knowledge of Caine, and to find out
how others view the same concepts. Adherents are inter-
ested in vampirism as a subject and fascinated by others'
experiences of unlife.

Assamite antitribu are and always have been the great-
est devotees of this path. Ventrue antitribu, Toreador antitribu
and Serpents of the Light are also common followers. There
are a few Tzimisce and Lasombra Noddists, but vampires of
those clans tend to be more interested with the temporal
aspects of power or the occult aspects of the unknown than
with mere preaching and "religious" knowledge. Many of
those Tzimisce and Lasombra are interested in Noddist
lore, but not with the path. Practitioners treat their knowl-
edge as sacred. Gospel and ceremonies are for public
consumption, while the intricacies of Noddist theology and
raw research are beyond the reach of the uninitiated. Foran
outsider to even glimpse any truly important texts is a mark
of respect and trust. For example, one of the world's fore-
most scholars of Noddist lore is Sascha Vykos, who is a
necronomist. While the Noddists respect the necronomists
for their dedication, few are granted such immense trust

Noddist libraries says much about the creature's impor-
tance to the Church of Caine.

Cxarrer Tee; PaTHs OF ENLIGHTENMENT

45


History

The Path of Caine arose among the Assamites as a
heretical cult among the Children of Haqim, following the
discovery of what they thought to be the original Book of Nod.
Never a powerful or popular cult, the original Noddists re-
mained an obscure faction amongst the viziers until the early
nights of the Anarch Revolt. When the Assamites swept into
Europe on their own Jyhad of murder and revenge against
"Khayyin's" false childer, that obscure cult served the cause
well. Anarchs, fractious, poorly organized and motivated by
fear and uncertainty, were eager listeners. To worship Caine
and his ways, to cast down his weak and oppressive childer and
to grow close to him — those were strong words.

The Sabbat claim that the Assamites "flocked" to
Gratiano's banner. The Children of Haqim know better.
Their Noddists united the anarchs and made thema weapon
against Europe's elders. When the Convention of Thorns
humiliated the Assamites, these few Noddists formed the
core of the rebel antitribu.

The actual path, as it is now understood, came about as
areaction to Renaissance concepts of humanism. Humanism
was a set of 16th-century social mores, influenced by the
rediscovery of "pagan" texts such as the philosophies of the
ancient Greeks. Humanism promoted secularism and repre-
sented a departure from the Catholic notion of life as a "veil
of tears." Renaissance humanism was empowering to the
kine, but horribly limiting for vampires. As undead moralists
and philosophers debated this new concept, certain crea-
turesreacted. Vampires are not mortals and need no theology,
philosophy or dogma of the kine. The Assamite antitribu put
forward their Caine philosophy asa suitable alternative. The
path did not take root immediately, but formed the basis of
a number of Sabbat philosophies. By the time the path was
formalized in the early 16th century it was but one of a
number of Sabbat doctrines. The burgeoning path was re-
garded highly due to its ancient pedigree and its utility in the
Anarch Revolt, but it was never widely adopted.

In time, the path began to dwindle. It was too rigorous
for most vampires to follow. The core Children of Haqim
rebels who introduced the faith were at their peak in the
17th century, but as time passed the Curse and constant
warfare took their toll. As the Assamite antitribu focused
more on strengthening the Black Hand and struggling with
the Camarilla, they had less time and interest in promoting
their small sect. Those other vampires who came to the
philosophy came to it by their own means.

The Enlightenment, like the Renaissance, led to a
change in the way Cainites viewed followings, and the Path
of Caine fell out of favor with young vampires. The calling
became an obscure philosophy, practiced only by the priests
and scholars of the Sabbat, and was considered irrelevant.
The few remaining truth seekers were respected, but few
others were encouraged to join their ranks.

Since the 1700s, however, the Noddists have estab-
lished themselves firmly as the theological and intellectual
heart of the Sabbat. Like the mortal Roman Catholic
Church, they see themselves as beyond concepts of "rel-

evance." They are not out of touch, they deal with eternal
truths. They have not lost contact with the world, the
world has lost contact with them.

Covens such as the Librarians in Montreal and Las
Hermanitas de Zila in Mexico City were respected for their
dedication to vampiric history and Noddist scholarship.
Recent years have seen more neonates join the path as the
Sabbat selects fledglings rather than Embracing randomly in
times of war. New Sabbat with scholarly inclinations have
much to learn, and Noddist status has increased as a result.

The recent implosion of the Librarians in Montreal (see
Nights of Prophecy) has caused an uproar in Noddist circles.
Other scholars, normally said to be staid, quietand academic,
position themselves to claim the Librarians' status.

Tue Cainite Heresy

The Path of Caine has also been linked to the survivors
of the medieval Cainite Heresy. The heresy, which claimed
that Christ was the Second Coming of Caine, was the spark
that set off the Inquisition (if vampire historians are to be
believed). It was, in its own way, responsible for the Anarch
Revolt. There is some support for this argument. Followers
of Caine believe that the vampiric form is divine and that
the Father's words and teachings hold truths beyond those
revealed to mortals.

The heresy, however, was a product of its time and
place and has little relevance to Cainites in the Final
Nights. It does, however, make for a lively, interesting and
diverting discussion among Noddists in need of a distrac-
tion from more pressing issues.

The Cainite Heresy was an eschatological sect that
foresaw the great winnowing of the Inquisition, the Black
Plague and the Anarch Revolt. The prophets of the heresy
expected these events to lead to the end of the world. There
is little more useless than a prophet whose Apocalyptic
declarations pass into history. Yet the Cainite Heresy is said
to have left a body of knowledge, prophecy and theology
scattered throughout the libraries of Europe, disguised as
so-called "Cursed" or "Black Bibles" — books whose obvi-
ous typographical errors made them anathema as scripture.
Many of these books were kept as collectors' items and
curios. The Noddists of the Final Nights would dearly like
to find such lore. It is rumored that some if not all of this
scripture is not merely blaspheme against the Christian
Church, but heretical against the teachings of the Path of
Caine. If that's true, then faithful Noddists may seek to
destroy these books.

Current PRACTICES

Path members have a primary role in the Sabbat: They
are the priests of Caine. All those who would follow them
are expected to know the Book of Nod by rote and be able
to give spontaneous sermons on Caine's teachings.

Followers of this path tend to be quiet and reserved,
and seek to spend much of their existence alone. They do
gather with fellow adherents, though, to debate and social-
ize. A Noddist's primary loyalty is to her pack. The way of
Caine is the closest thing to an official religion within the

CHAINING THE BEAST

46

THE MNEMOSYNE AND THE JOCASTASIANS
Most Noddists belong to the Sabbat, but there are
two other cults worth mentioning. The best known is the"
Mnemosyne, a coven of Malkavian scholars who are
compelled to record the hidden histories of vampires.
Although the Mnemosyne aren't strongly associated
with the Camarilla, the Jocastatians are a specifically
Sabbat offshoot. Both groups use ritual diablerie to-pass
on the learning from elder to childe, when an elder feels'
her time has come. The original source of the conflict"
between the cults' founders has been lost to antiquity. ~
The predilections of both of these bloodlines tend to
bring them into conflict with Cainites of all sects. Vam-"
pires thrive onsecrets, and the Mnemosyne and Jocastians
exist to find and record them. Neither cult feels acompul-
sion to share what it learns, but most Mnemosyne are.
willing to make the information they uncover available
to undead society, when pressured or threatened. They
typically do so in such a way that glorifies their intelli-"
gence-gathering capabilities. The Jocastians are more_
careful about sharing their lore — all the better to save"
their hides — but they tend to consider discoveries to be
the property of the universe rather than themselves. ©

Sabbat, so Noddists are frequently called upon to speak at
sect gatherings or to lead Cainites in prayer before crusades.
What sets adherents of the path apart from other Sabbat is
their willingness to commit their unlives to the lore of
Caine.

Noddists do not Embrace randomly. They study candi-
dates well and act only when a subject demonstrates the
intelligence, commitment and single-mindedness that the
priests require. Students are educated in cloisters, learning
the catechism of Caine's church and debating points of
philosophical contention with their mentors.

While most Noddists are austere and scholarly, many
young followers accompany war parties on their crusades
and hunts, so they may prove themselves worthy of Caine's
grace and garner respect within the Sabbat. Advanced
Noddists frequently indulge in sect violence to ensure that
their gifts are suitably honed. Besides, after months of quiet
study, random violence makes a satisfying outlet for the
Beast.

Noddists can also be found traveling with Sabbat
nomadic packs, acting as diplomats (all the better to ap-
proach potentially hostile Sabbat territory with one who
knows sect ritual), and as priests. Many see this practice as
a good way to bring muscle along while searching for
Cainite artifacts. A Noddist simply has to be subtle in
directing a nomadic pack's meandering.

When threatened, Noddists act quickly and violently.
Killing is part of the curse of Caine. Those who do not
participate in such aggression are considered weak. Even
scholars must use the gifts of the Curse when called upon.

Noddists are diablerists. They believe they should take every
opportunity to drink an elder's blood. War parties, crusades and

hunts are all good opportunities to indulge in the practice. Elder
vitae is precious, but even neonate blood is worth drinking.

All priests make a point to study history, whether the
records of vampires or the legends of mortals. Those with
knowledge of ancient languages are particularly respected
for the information they can spread and share. Noddists
should always take risks to garner new information and to
gather insights, but only the lore of Caine is worth risking
one's very unlife for.

FOLLOWING THE PATH

Caine is to these priests what Christ is to mortal Catholics.
Caine is the heart of a vampire's existence, which must be
dedicated to praising him. Noddists should always seek out infor-
mation on the vampiric condition and explore every facet of the
Curse. Caine's gift must be explored fully for the Father to be
pleased. One must study and practice with Disciplines and always
seek to improve skills and awareness.

Diablerie is encouraged. A vampire who falls to a
diablerist and who is robbed of her heart's blood is obviously
weak and unworthy of Caine's favor. Even some of the
worthy grow tired, and taking their blood is merciful.
Noddists who grow tired or appear weak can ask to be
diablerized. That is an honorable end.

Noddists do not usually participate in the wider world of
temporal Sabbat politics. They tend to limit their ambitions
to positions such as pack priest or perhaps ductus, and do so
to better preach to Cainites and to always have enforcers and
protection on hand. Packs also serve as useful eyes and ears
and can be sent to search for knowledge and new materials
while a Noddist must study. Perhaps because of their relative
isolation, Noddists can be called on to mediate sect disputes
or to bring "religious" insights into a problem. Many bishops
and archbishops sponsor small covens of Noddists to ensure
that such wisdom as always on hand.

Priests tend to regard other path followers coolly. They
respect some followers' dedication to learning, but see any
deviation from the most vital of studies — the lore of Caine
and the secrets of vampiric history —as trivial and distract-
ing. Devotees of this path have found themselves in constant
friction with those of the Sabbat Path of Redemption, who
in turn see themselves as the moral and religious heart of
the sect. Noddists are often curious about other Paths of
Enlightenment, but rarely admit to such interest. They
would dearly love to know more about the Path of Blood —
from whence the Path of Caine perhaps developed — but
the Children of Haqim refuse to reveal their secrets.

Noddists outside the Sabbat are few and those that exist
in the Camarilla keep to themselves, rarely drawing atten-
tion to their faith or their practices. Many have beendestroyed
by Camarilla archons for "dealing with the enemy."

Virtues

Vampires on the Path of Caine uphold Conviction
and Instinct.

Common Abilities

All Noddists are knowledgeable in at least some of the
following areas: Academics (particularly the specialties Ar-

Caper Turée: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

47


cheology and Theology), History, Investigation, Linguistics
(ancient languages in particular), Cainite Lore and Occult.
Noddists are not mere scholars, though. They are expected
to be able to defend themselves. Many also believe physical
perfection represents mental perfection. Athletics, Melee
and Survival are encouraged. While Noddists are typically
divorced from Sabbat politics, more than a few are adept at
Leadership, Politics and Subterfuge. Those who take their
roles as priests seriously tend to excel at Expression.

Preferred Disciplines

Noddists divide Disciplines into "natural" and "un-
natural." "Natural" ones are accepted. Blood Magic and
Serpentis are not viewed as "natural" — Caine never spoke
of such things or encouraged their like, it is said. In fact,
many Noddists regard these Disciplines as somehow blas-
phemous and they actively work against those who uphold
these practices. Certain "unique" clan Disciplines such as
Obtenebration and Vicissitude, while never mentioned by
Caine, are considered acceptable. But this tolerance has
more to do with a realistic understanding of Sabbat politics
than anything else. Among the other Disciplines, Celerity,
Fortitude and Potence are particularly respected.

PATHOF CATHARI

Nickname: Albigensians or "Sinners"

The Path of Cathari is ironically named. It draws its
technical and spiritual terminology from the so-called
Albigensian Heresy of the Middle Ages. The path claims to
accept one of the core concepts of the mortal Albigensians
and then, heretically, twists it to its own ends.

THe CATHARISTOR
ALBIGENSIAN Heresy

The Catharist Heresy wasa Medieval flowering ofamuch
older set of spiritual and religious beliefs. Mortal scholars trace
the heresy's development from Persian Manicheanism to
Bulgarian Bogomilism to the more familiar Catharist Heresy
of Languedoc. Manicheanism was a revival of much older
Zoroastrian beliefs. The Manicheans believed that the Holy
Spirit appeared in the shape of an angel to a Persian prince
named Mani. The spirit said that he was the last ina long line
of prophets (including Zoroaster and Jesus). Oddly enough,
this is similar to what the angel Gabriel would tell the Prophet
Muhammad a scant few centuries later.

The Manicheans married Gnostic tradition with Zoro-
astrian myth. God (as both the Tetragrammaton IHVH or
"Jaweh" and the Lord of Light "Ahura Mazda") stood
against Sakhlas (the Lord of Darkness, Satan, the Ahriman).
The Lord of Darkness created the physical world and God
stood outside it, in the spiritual world. God was being
tortured by the darkness. Thus, the Manicheanists said,
those who followed God must suffer, too. They rejected the
flesh — total celibacy, poverty and vegetarianism. Those
who were holy transcended to the spiritual world to be with
God, and the weak were doomed to suffer and reincarnate
until they too achieved holiness.

This heresy survived in various forms until it blos-
somed in A.D. 950, in what is now Bulgaria and Serbia. It
presented itself as a unifying alternative to the fractious
Orthodox and Roman churches, but preached a form of
Manicheanist belief. The term "Bogomilism" meant "dear
to God" but most of its followers merely described them-
selves as Christians. By the turn of the first millennium,
Bogomil missionaries arrived in southern France — at
Languedoc. Their teachings found ready converts. There
had already been a long tradition of Manicheanist belief
there. By 1200, this new flavor of Manicheanist doctrine
was powerful enough to challenge the established church.

Centered on the French cities of Toulouse and Albi,
the Catharists (meaning "those who are pure") spread their
beliefs throughout western Europe. By 1149, bishops held
Catharist Mass in defiance of Rome. The Cathars taught
that the Devil, whom they named as the chief Archon
Jaldabaoth was the Demiurgic spirit that created the Earth
to entrap and enslave humanity. This Demiurge masquer-
aded as God and led humanity away from the beliefs and
spirituality that could free them from the worldly prison.

The Church of Rome called a crusade that saw the
deaths of hundreds of thousands of people in an effort to
stamp out the heresy. Indeed, the crusade resulted in the
official formation of the Inquisition.

BASIC BELIEFS

The Path of Cathari is heavily influenced by the
religious dualism of the Cathari creed. The faith holds that
there are two creators, a good one (God) and a bad (the
Demiurge). The good creator was responsible for the spiri-
tual world. The bad creator was the son or the creation of
the "good" God, and the Evil One created (or is) the
material world. The Cathari believe the body to be evil, but
the soul to be good. They accept the physical world, but
consider all within to be evil.

The path teaches that vampires are Lesser Aeons,
Archonic sprits of the Demiurge. The undead are God's
jailers and torturers, placed on Earth to ensure that human-
ity remains trapped away from the Sophic light of divinity.
As instruments of spiritual imprisonment, vampires are set
above humanity. Mortals are lesser, there to be used.

Vampires are the creation of the "evil" God, or
Demiurge, to try the souls of mankind and force them to
lose hope and succumb to the corruption of the material
world. The God who cast Caine out of the Garden (obvi-
ously a metaphor for the spirit world) was the evil God, who
damned Caine to physicality and mortality. The Sabbat on
this path practice the same philosophies as their mortal
forbears, the medieval Cathari, but they believe vampirism
must be predestined. To have been chosen for the Embrace
means one was fated to be. If you are so fated, one was weak
or evil in a past life. Now, as punishment in this life,
vampires are tied to the material world. The evil nature of
vampirism only adds credence to the belief in the innate
evil of the material world.

CHAINNG THE Beast


As jailors, vampires should explore and enjoy the
"false" world and the decadent pleasures of flesh and sin. By
experiencing the delights of this world, the Aeons work to
strengthen the bonds that trap mortals. By seducing hu-
mans and awakening their innermost desires, the Cathari
ensure that mankind will never transcend this plane.

Followers of this path wholeheartedly accept evil as
innate to their immortal existence, since they are denied
the spiritual plane after death. To the Cathari, Earth is Hell
and they want to make the best of it. They have developed
a religious morality based on original Cathari beliefs on
how to avoid the evil of the world. The Cathari seek out the
evil against which their predecessors acted, and accept it.

Vampires are creatures of hungerand physicality. Their
passion is dark, exploring extremes of eroticism and obses-
sion that mere mortals are incapable of. Perversion is
inherent to undead existence — a reductionism, a state of
voyeurism that demeans the human participant and dis-
misses humanity itself to a mere caricature. The Cathari
revel in this dominance and depravity. It means they are
doing their job.

Mortal victims feel pleasure when fed upon. Are they
therefore victims ofa violation, orare they willing submissives?
Is humanity nothing but food for the gods and devils of the
night? How far does human submission go? Human sexuality
is merely an evolutionary trick to force procreation. It is the
seduction, the trap that vampires use when they steal blood,
soul and life. How could vampires be anything but creatures
of physicality, sin and imprisonment?

The Cathari way is nota specific set of behavioral laws.
It merely draws whatever urges a vampire may have to the
surface. These compulsions are diverse and plentiful. Some
sinners indulge the senses, even to the extreme of tempo-
rarily removing other senses to experience one to the
fullest. They seek out artists and inventors to create new
and more vital expressions of these sensual experiences.
Indeed, European followers of this path bewitch artists and
designers from great fashion houses to create exquisite
things to indulge the senses.

Such pursuits are ultimately tedious, however. True
followers seek to recruit mortals into their games and have
new experiences vicariously through their pawns. Some
have perfected Thaumaturgical rituals that allow a vampire
to "ride" a mortal as she goes about her daily pursuits and
then, slowly, use the insights and secrets gained to lure the
mortal into a vicious, deadly game. Others study the Domi-
nate Discipline to attain the power known as "Possession"
(Dominate 5) for the same purpose. These seductions — be
they magical or purely physical — are intended to play
mortals like violins. Some sinners even collect "prizes" of
beautiful kine who have been completely broken to the
vampires' will. These victims have been stripped of all
dignity and identity and now serve merely to populate a
"harem" of slaves.

Other Cathari are more direct. They kidnap mortals
for sport, using them as "blood" for the "hounds" — other,
young adherents of the path who seek to prove themselves.

Carrer Turéé: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT
49


Some merely involve mortals in torture rituals, seeking to
explore human limits.

Nothing is forbidden, everything is permitted, devo-
tees of this path cry as a mantra. The only things that are
frowned upon are failing to indulge and losing one's self to
the Beast. By struggling against one's vices, the Beast grows
hungry. When the Beast is loosed, the self is lost for a time.
Followers of this path treasure the self above all else.

Cathari seek to spread corruption, torment and evil
out of respect for their beliefs, and because indulgence is a
relief from the stresses of and conflicts with the hunger.

HieRARCHY OF SINS
Rating Moral Guideline
10 Showing moral restraint
Showing trust

Failir

Failing

‘o Embrace remarkable mortal

"ride the wave" of frenzy
Acting against another on the path
Impassioned murder
Being selfles:

Denial of pleasure
Refusing to feed when hungry

Encouraging restraint or virtue

ETHICS OF THE DATH

© Indulge in vice and all that is forbidden. Wealth, excess,
sensuality, material power and sadism are the watch-
words of the Demiurge's world.
"Nothing is forbidden, everything is permitted." The
night belongs to vampires. One is already damned,
already lost to the darkness. Enjoy it.
Lead others into games of sensuality and dominance. As
innocents are corrupted, the Demiurge's world grows stronger.
Choose those with great passion and great potential for
future depravity. Do not fear to Embrace new childer —
they will ensure that the curse lives on and the world's
shackles are never loosened.
Be part of the world. If it is corrupt, be corrupt along with
it. If the world is indulgent, indulge. Expect no less of
anyone else.

© Trust no one. Do not love. A vampire is evil and has no
concept of such things.
The undead are creatures of evil, Archonic creations of
a dark god. Accept that destiny and one's role in the
scheme of things.

¢ The Beast belongs to the individual; he is not bound by
it. Let the Beast prey, but do not let it rule.
Do not hesitate. Act. The Devil take the hindmost.
Death leads to reincarnation. Do not fret over killing
mortals. They will come back. Similarly, slaying weak
vampires serves the Demiurge by making their souls part
of the prison of the world. But avoid death one's self. Do
not be reincarnated as a mortal.

© The undead body is a temple, a potential for utter
pleasure and utter experience. Enjoy it.

History

The Path of Cathari may hearken back to the
Albigensian Heresy of medieval France, but the notion
that vampires exist merely to indulge is far older. The
undead have followed this "Path of Sin" for millennia, as
long as vampires have acknowledged that there is little
reward in fighting the lusts, hungers and temptations of the
Beast. Since vampires are Damned, why bother fighting? If
Heaven is always denied, why waste time and shed tears to
appeal to a reward that's unattainable? No, adherents of
this path have claimed, it is much better to exult in one's
power and satisfy one's every impulse.

As Inquisitors tore through the lands of Languedoc,
putting thousands to death in their quest for religious and
political hegemony, the followers of the Path of Sin (or the
Via Peccati as it was known) found it amusing to identify
themselves with the puritanical mortals who rejected all
sensual pleasure. When the Sabbat defined the Paths of
Enlightenment at the Black Monastery, the Road of Sin
was re-developed as the Path of Cathari.

As previously discussed, the path takes much of its
philosophical and spiritual basis from the Albigensian Her-
esy. During the initial conflicts that became the Albigensian
Crusade, vampires on the Road of Sin took it upon them-
selves to fulfill their destiny as purveyors of the physical
world's corruption. Their efforts to involve clergy and nobles
— on both sides — in their games may have contributed to
the ferocity of the Inquisitions that followed.

Atone point, the path did stray close to infernalism. In
the 18th century, several followers in Germany and the
New World took their worship of the Demiurge too seri-
ously and attracted the attention of dark powers. This
extremity was stamped out by the Sabbat, and the Sabbat
Inquisition has kept a "weather eye" on the path ever since.

The following has, like other Paths of Enlightenment,
waxed and waned over the years, depending on Sabbat
politics and other factors. In the decadent Final Nights, it
is stronger than ever. So strong, in fact, that the course has
undergone a schism of sorts: one heretical offshoot led by
the Widows of Montreal, and a "canonical" path as prac-
ticed by several European bishops. Members of the
"canonical" path are considered "lost" to the material world
by their opponents, while the Widows and their followers
believe there is a reason they call themselves Cathars. The
European elders counter that they are the true heirs of the
Via Peccati, declaring themselves "sinners," and naming
their calling the "Path of Sin" again.

The split, between the influential elders on one side
and the Widows of Montreal and their followers on the
other, could threaten the Sabbat itself.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

All adherents of this path seek to lead others into
temptation, to ensnare them into cruel and sadistic games
of emotional need. Once a victim is trapped, a practitioner
uses him for her own purposes.

CHAINIG THE Beast

50

The faith has a divergent and heretical offshoot, over-
seen by the Widows. This "deviant" path teaches that as
jailors, vampires are God's angels. The undead can unlock
the sleeping divinity inside vampires and mortals by under-
standing and embracing evil and cruelty. Vampirism is not
an excuse to "merely" revel in pleasure and depravity. By
unlocking that divinity within themselves and others, the
Catharists believe they can throw off their lesser forms and
take their place at God's side, as His new angels. This
version of the path plays down the concept of God as the
demonic Jaldabaoth, instead placing God as a harsh but
loving father, a sculptor who seeks to chip and burn and cut
away the dross of His creation. Good and evil are meaning-
less concepts. Sin is an arbitrary, mortal notion, based on
arbitrary, mortal laws.

Those who still call themselves "Cathari" use their
victims as vehicles toward an ultimate enlightenment.
Those who see themselvesas heirs to the old Road of Sin use
their trapped lovers as toys to be played with until broken.

Two particular victims are favored: those who are
powerful and already corrupt, and those who are innocent
and pure. The former are perfect entertainment because
they are so inured to the world, insulated from everything
with wealth and influence. The latter make good toys since
tearing away their illusions and kissing away their tears is
always a pleasant, decadent experience.

The most important ritual performed by the Cathari is
the consolamentum. This rite is conducted by two perfecti
who absolve a vampire of all the sins she has committed,
thus allowing her to suffer Final Death without fear. The
consolamentum is usually performed on a follower on this
path once every few years.

The so-called "sinners" of Europe perform the
consolamentum as a blasphemous joke. The Montreal "Wid-
ows," as leaders of the more spiritual form of the path,
perform their own form of the rite and welcome pilgrims to
their temple and encourage other followers throughout the
world to use the ritual as part of pack Vaulderie. Unlike most
Vaulderie, though, this rite has been augmented with Disci-
plines such as Dominate and Dementation, and with blood
magic. Participants are forced to relive their most shameful
and painful memories. The perfecti are bound into this
emotional trauma and are usually driven into frenzy. They
turn on the credentes — followers — in a violent expression
of lust and pathos. Weak credentes rarely survive this physical
and emotional ravishing. Those who do are absolved of their
sins and allowed to progress further on the path.

As the Widows' variant of the path grows more popu-
lar, credentes from all across North America and Europe
travel to Montreal to participate in the consolamentum. Few
survive, but more always seek to be absolved and still others
search for further purpose in their unlives. The weak are
rooted out and the strongest advance.

In their own way, both factions believe the world is
doomed to collapse into its own corruption, and they take
pleasure in a job well done.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Those who have progressed sufficiently down the path to
become truly influential are called perfecti, again in mockery of
the most pious of the medieval Cathars. (Perfecti have path
ratings of 8 or higher.) Those lower in the hierarchy are called
"credentes" or sometimes simply the "holy." (Credentes have
path ratings of 7 or lower.) Followers of the Path of Cathari are
typically highly materialistic. They usually care little about
spiritual matters — but there are many exceptions to the rule.
The Sabbat is an important outlet to adherents because it
allows them to indulge in an extreme and hedonistic manner
without fear of retribution or judgment. The Sabbat, practitio-
ners say, know they are damned and revel in it. The Cathari
merely take this acceptance a little further.

Lesser members strive to achieve the influence and
power of the perfecti and work hard to gain notice. No
follower of this path is lazy. Sloth is the one indulgence
upon which the Cathari frown. Laziness achieves nothing,
corrupts nothing and holds no interest for one's peers.
Besides, it's boring. All are hedonistic and indulgent. Sev-
eral are noted Thaumaturges — they have worked hard to
re-awaken dead vampiric sexual organs and taste glands.

It is a duty to embody the vices of the material world,
and it is a glorious destiny to use these vices to entrap and
enrapture innocents. Other vampires must force them-
selves to appreciate the depths of Cathari games. If they do
not, they will only become victims.

Followers of this path make no distinction between
elder and neonate. What matters is success in the calling.
An adherent of 13th generation with 20 years in darkness
can be more influential than a centuries-old, 7th-genera-
tion being — if the game is played well.

Toreador antitribu and the Tzimisce, in particular, can
follow this path. The philosophy allows Tzimisce to indulge
in their most perverse desires, all the while crafting them-
selves, spiritually and physically, into potent servitors of
the Demiurge. Some Tzimisce view this path as an oppor-
tunity to hone their zulo form. With its emphasis on
physicality and dominance, the form is recognized as an
extension of the path.

For many Sabbat, the Cathari offer all the best elements
of the other paths, without the hypocritical spiritual baggage.

Followers do anything in the pursuit of pleasure. Cathari
have no qualms about killing since they believe in reincarna-
tion, and Final Death releases the soul from its entrapment in
the evil body. Supporters usually have no wish todie, however,
since existence as vampires is much better than that of mortals.

One of the more notable path followers is Fabrizia
Conteraz, who has written extensively on the subject of
Cathari morality, but whose adherence to the path is
known to be weak, to say the least. At different points in the
last decade, she has followed Humanity (albeit at an excep-
tionally low level) and the Path of Cathari. Both the
Montreal Cathari and the European "sinners" respect her
writings, but she herself is regarded as something of a loose
cannon. Cathari have come to refer to her in correspon-
dence as "Augustine" after St. Augustine (as in "the spirit

Carter Tree: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

51

is willing, but the flesh is weak"). Conteraz knows of these
gentle insults, but remains the Archbishop of Miami and
has better things with which to be concerned.

FOLLOWING THE PATH

The Cathari — be they adherents of the Widows' heresy
or the European "canon" — are all incredibly passionate. This
vigor emerges in many forms; they are sensual, lustful, hedonis-
tic and adventurous. Their emotions ride close to the surface.
They have no time for angst or sadness. When a sinner or
Cathar is upset, she is not sad, she is viciously, violently angry.
When an adherent is pleased, she is not merely happy or
content, she is delirious, abandoned or on a high.

Adherents of this path see the world as a vast play-
ground, and humanity (and lesser vampires) as playthings.
The world is there is satiate one's urges, to feed the Beast.

Members respect other paths but view them as over-
serious and obsessive about the wrong sorts of things. They
regard the Path of the Beast as an interesting diversion from
their own philosophies. The Beast is, after all, something to
be accepted and indulged. Practitioners are among the
most violent opponents of the Path of Revelations and
enthusiastically co-operate with the Sabbat Inquisition to
hunt down infernalists. The Cathari believe in sin, not in
submission to ancient powers. The Cathari are strong
proponents of the Sabbat philosophy of freedom. In free-
dom, followers say, the worst excesses are permitted and
encouraged. Some accuse the Cathari of using the Sabbat
as a tool for advancing their own agendas.

However extreme adherents' behavior might be, they
are all highly social and know how to insinuate themselves
into others' lives, by force or seduction. They know not to
scare potential victims away. Terror can come later, when
a victim has nowhere to run.

Virtues

Cathari characters should be strong in Con-
viction and Instinct.

Common Abilities

Ahedonist may be called upon to feast, revelanddebauch
nearly anywhere, and in so doing is expected to be an enter-
taining participant and a knowledgeable conversationalist.
AreaKnowledge, Expression, City Secrets, Finance, Masquer-
ade, Grace, Haggling and Seduction may all be called for.

Preferred Disciplines

Heretics can take advantage of nearly any Discipline and
do not dogmatically favor any one. Animalism, Domination
and Presence are most commonly seen among their ranks.

PATH OF DEATH AND
THE SOUL

Nickname: Necronomists

The dead do not walk. The dead rot. Sometimes their
souls linger in a tormented in-between state. But eventu-
ally even they pass, to Heaven or Hell or to whatever fate

lies beyond earthly experience. And yet, vampires walk and
vampires are dead. Their organs are rotted, vestigial things.
The Embrace purges out every bodily fluid but one. Vam-
pires are dead, but they walk. How can this be?

The simple, glib answer is that vampires are cursed by
Caine's legacy. Buta mere curse cannot defy the order of things.

Vampires are therefore something else, something not
perfectly understood. Various undead have tried to solve this
mystery. A few have made it an obsession. The necronomists
are among them. Death, the afterlife, the strange anatomy of
vampirism, the science of the soul — these are believed to be
the Enochian keys to opening the secrets of the universe.

If only they could be understood.

BASIC BELIEFS

Vampires are dead things. They are cursed, animated
corpses, but they are dead, cold and unliving. A vampire's
soul is trapped, cut off from the mortal world of life, but
unable to move on. This morbid state has been the subject
of discussion by Cainite philosophers since the nights of
the First City. Fascination with the issue has never wa-
vered and Kindred of these Final Nights still pursue the
secrets of their existence and the knowledge of death.

Vampire existence is a key to all knowledge. Strad-
dling two worlds — the land of the living and the land of
the dead— a vampire must claw the secrets of Creation
from the night. To attempt to unravel such mysteries, a
necronomist must first understand her own state and
know what it means to be undead. Necronomists do not
speak of a "living world" and a "dead world." They speak
of the rational universe and the irrational realm of
secrets, spirits and pain. Students of this path must
develop a deep comprehension of the soul, that spark of
irrational divinity that exists in the rational universe. A
necronomist must discover how the soul interacts with
the body, and how the soul migrates from its clay shell to
what lies beyond.

Necronomists may project a demeanor of cold ratio-
nality, but they believe that powerful emotions — hate,
love, despair — are expressions of the spirit bubbling up
from within. These powerful eruptions are to be trea-
sured and explored. Followers believe the heart is the
seat of the soul; both the metaphorical heart of the
human romantic, and the physical, dead heart of the
vampire. When a wooden stake is driven through an
undead heart, a vampire is paralyzed. Thus, when the
soul is violated, a vampire cannot move. The soul drives
a vampire's corpse. Like the ghosts that necronomists
study, vampires are driven by emotion, by the heart.
Blood flowing from the vampire's heart gives power to
his dead limbs. Blood transubstantiated from base liquid
and iron becomes magical and fuels a vampire's powers.
The blood literally is the life, and the fountain of all
magic and might.

Like several other faiths, the Path of Death and the Soul
seeks to repress the Beast by denying it, and by pursuing
knowledge and understanding againstall else. But the knowl-

CHAINING THE Beast


edge these vampires seek is a scientific comprehension of the
vampiric state and the Beast thatsleeps within. Necronomists
repress the Beast and study death so they may at last confront
and destroy their inner creature. The Beast is believed a
visceral, animalistic thing and is diametrically opposed to
the soul.

So, the soul is the key to a vampire's existence. If the
soul can be understood, a scientist has a key to understand-
ing the irrational universe. It is then his duty to pass that
information along, into the rational world. Necronomists
are therefore a group of academics. Though they are ob-
sessed with death and the world beyond mortal perception,
their interests are not the scrabblings of the occultist or the
ritualism of the necromancer. They seek to categorize,
dissect and experiment.

AVENUES OF RESEARCH

Two very promising lines of investigation into the
soul have proved to involve the Asian ("Cathayan")
vampires and the thin-blooded. Stories claim that the
souls of both of these vampire "species" spend a little
time in the Underworld before returning to life. Some
followers of this path work on a "unified theory of
vampirism" and seek knowledge from Noddists and oth-
ers to establish the exact nature of the relationship
between Cathayans and Cainites. Some necronomists
suggest that Cathayans are actually childer of one of the
so-called Second Generation whose curse has changed
over the ages and miles. Instead of the "blood" being
passed down from sire to childe, the Curse has become an
expression of some predetermined destiny. Before the
Week of Nightmares, when such things were easier,
necronomists recorded ghosts speak of things known as
"death signs." Perhaps these marks designate all Cainites.
Perhaps no vampire is ever Embraced randomly, but
some other force of death or predestination leads sire to
childe. Many vampires dismiss such possibilities, but to
necronomists they remain tantalizing possibilities. Per-
haps a fated Embrace is all part of an Antediluvian plan.

Another issue that the path faces but cannot seem to
resolve is that few ghosts persist as long as ancient vam-
pires. Spirits ultimately "move on" to some other plane or
state, apparently transcending the in-between realm of
the land of the dead. Do they merely cease to be, subject
to some special case of thermodynamics or do they move
beyond science? Is there a Heaven or Hell? Is there aGod?
Other path philosophies declare and define such things,
but the necronomists know what they don't know. Some
path followers claim that the in-between state is a border-
land between life and Hell, and that Hell is close, but
Heaven is eternally distant. Some adherents fear that
their rational investigations and their perfectly catego-
tized understanding is terribly incomplete and perhaps
utterly flawed. Necronomists, despite their incredible
array of sources and in-depth records, usually work from
partial records and second- or third-hand sources. The
power of Necromancy is greatly reduced from ancient
times, if the tales are to be believed. And now there seems

Carver THrée: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT
533


to bea terrible upheaval in the Underworld. Necronomists
would love an opportunity to study that turmoil directly.
Even now, devotees work to perfect methods of viewing
across the worlds so their interrupted studies may con-
tinue.

Scientists also apply their philosophy and research
to the souls of diablerized vampires. The necronomists
have spent decades debating and studying the fate of
these spirits. They have followed Caitiff diablerists and
roamed with Sabbat war parties. The Sabbat tolerates —
encourages — diablerie, but researchers, who are unwill-
ing to taint their objectivity by committing diablerie on
their own, wait until a subject runs afoul of Sabbat
justice. Sect leaders have found that condemning trai-
tors to necronomist laboratories is a useful way of
maintaining discipline. The offender is experimented
on, and nvestigators have developed ways of tormenting
souls to see which is capable of the most response. No
results have been released yet, but rumors and leaks
abound. It is said that a powerful diablerie victim might
overwhelm its murderer and make the attacker's body
and mind its own. If this proves true, then the sect itself
could be in danger. How many Sabbat leaders — the
great heroes of the Anarch Revolt and the wars with the
Camarilla — have powerful spirits inside them, consum-
ing them from within?

By seeking the mysteries of the soul and the afterlife,
students of death explore an array of secrets. There is far
more to the mysteries of the irrational universe than any
one vampire can understand. By obsessively seeking
these mysteries, followers of this path distract the Beast,
but few ever discover enough to conquer it. Some specu-
late that the Beast can never be overcome completely.
Asa result, some investigators perceive destruction as an
escape, the only salvation from the ravages of the Beast.
But until they can lay down that burden, they seek to
understand as much of the road ahead as possible. Fore-
warned and forearmed, they can move on.

N€CROMANCY AND THE GIOVANNI

The Giovanni despise the necronomists. The study
of vampiric Necromancy may be older than the Giovanni,
but that clan claims proprietary rights to it. The Giovanni
do not tolerate family members either contacting follow-
ers of or studying the Path of Death and the Soul. The
necronomists, for their part, would dearly love to gain
access to Giovanni libraries. The scientists are at the
forefront of the search for any lore left by the slain
Cappodocians. Their intricate theories on the nature of
the afterlife derive from what few Cappodocian texts
remain.

Though family policy prohibits contact with
necronomists, the Giovanni would be very interested in
gaining access to the investigators' discoveries, too.
Some clan members have attempted to infiltrate the
Sabbat and the Path of Death and the Soul, but it is
unlikely that any have survived.

HIeRARCHY OF SINS
Aoral Guideline
to the li

Fearing Final Death

Rating

Attachmer ing world
uided by emotion

Frenzyin

Showing an aversion to death

Killi

Preventing

Npassion
without studying death

death

ETHICS OF THE DATH

¢ Beyond death lies the hidden world. The transition
between this life and the next holds clues to the nature
of things. Study that transition.

© As is above is not so below. The physical world is a pale
reflection of that which lies beyond. By understanding
the "irrational" or "astral" world, one can truly under-
stand the hidden physics of this world.

© The soul, even a vampire's soul, is immortal. The vampire's
undead state is not true immortality. Do not fear death,
because true immortality lies beyond.
The mind is the physical twin to the astral soul. By
understanding the mind, one can glimpse the nature of
the soul.
God's plan can be revealed in all things. Attempt to
understand everything. One has nothing if not time, and
the rewards of such studies are bountiful. Everything
contains a piece of the puzzle that is Creation. By learn-
ing, one can assemble the pieces. Learn to isolate the key
truths and ignore the rest.
The vestiges of a vampire's once-mortal self contain
certain clues — in the form of conscience and emotion
— that can allow one to examine the current context of
existence. Explore these emotions as a scientist, but do
not indulge them.
Accept that all belong to a greater phenomenon, be it a
consciousness, a plan or some pattern beyond mortal
understanding.

History

The Path of Death and the Soul was the first faith
codified by the Sabbat at the Black Monastery. It is an
offshoot of older moralities — one followed by the
Cappodocians and another (or possibly several "gnostic" or
vampiric "mystery cult" philosophies all concerned with
the nature of the vampiric condition) now lost to history.
The Tzimisce believe that this path has always been theirs
and that Tzimisce and his childer from the earliest nights
were obsessed with these philosophies. There have always
been Fiends who study death and the limits of pain.

During the Age of Enlightenment, the path adopted
many mortal scientific methods — experimentation, docu-
mentation and empirical discussion — and used them as a

CCHAINING THE BEAST

54

bulwark against the sheer insanity of their investigation.
The irrational universe is not easily understood in rational
terms, they know, but there has to be a series of rules that
can be mapped and understood. By recording their studies,
by obsessively calibrating and re-checking each experi-
ment, and constantly refining their knowledge, the
necronomists seek to distill the formulae and theorems
needed to codify that other world.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

This path has many elaborate rituals. Human and
vampire sacrifices are common. Most necronomist experi-
mentation has a ritualistic quality. Such ceremony and
research seeks to bring the soul closer to the fore, where it
can be examined, understood and dissected.

By testing willing volunteers and human and vampiric
victims, scientists can better understand the spirit as it
suffers. Such "tests" allow one first-hand experience with
the nature of human mortality and suffering. Is there, as
some claim, a state of clarity beyond pain? Does every soul
have access to that rarified state? Is there a final limit to
pain or can a mortal shell be made to suffer endlessly in an
infinite crescendo of exposure? These are crucial questions.
While mortals make interesting subjects for further studies,
vampires are infinitely more malleable and repairable.
Vampires, with their heightened senses and brittle emo-
tions, are perfect test subjects.

Necronomists are not just sadistic scientists — they
also subject themselves to the same rigorous intellectual
and experimental scrutiny. Researchers frequently volun-
teer for experimentation by other interested parties. Indeed,
a teacher may fulfill his role by submitting to the inquiries
of those below him on the path.

Beyond these explorations of the physical world,
necronomists study the afterlife. Of particular interest are
the circumstances by which ghosts are formed. These
wraithly presences seem to be remnants of strong individu-
als, or the last of people who perished with so much passion
or frustration that something remained. Some scientists
play games with chosen subjects before death, by interfer-
ing in the mortals' lives, taking away things that were loved,
hurting them and then arranging one final accident. Oth-
ers kidnap mortal test subjects and use them for experiments
and then, when the time is right, torture them to death to
enhance subjects' suffering. These efforts have proven
effective in creating ghosts, but many seem possessed of a
terrible inner darkness — perhaps otherworldly expres-
sions of the Beast —and need to be destroyed. Necronomists
also study ways to destroy ghosts and some explore Necro-
mancy for this purpose.

Academics classify their ritual practices into three dis-
tinct groups. The first involves public rituals, which are
performed as much for the entertainment and enlightenment
of other Sabbat as for inquiry. These rituals are not totally
without merit, but necronomists do not ascribe much value to
them. The second class is the experimental test. These prac-
tices are somewhat ritualistic, but happen in private and form
part of an extensive body of experimental work. Outsiders are

not invited to watch, although they may participate in some
cases. Finally, those who study the Necromancy Discipline
perform rituals to contact the next world. These are private
rites and are not publicly acknowledged.

Necronomists are loyal to the Sabbat, but like some
mortal scientists, they know that knowledge supercedes poli-
tics. They frequently correspond with like-minded researchers
— mortal occultists, magi, mediums and other undead.

The scholars have moved much of their lore and
activity to Toronto in recent years. That city has always
been one of the Sabbat's prizes, with a reputation for
experimentation and science amongst the undead.
Necronomists there correspond with Malkavian scholar
Dr. Douglas Netchurch. The Bleeding Hearts pack of
necronomists is one of the most accomplished groups of
Sabbat scientists and researchers in the world. Their inter-
action with Netchurch has been fruitful. The Malkavian
has provided the Hearts with several of his papers on the
vampiric state, as well as a copy of the Encyclopedia Vampirica
and a copy of Trimeggian's Encyclopedia Haemovoria. In
return, the Bleeding Hearts have furnished Netchurch with
the results of much of their experimental work, and ex-
tended an invitation to the Malkavian to speak at a
convention of scientists. The pack has also, through
Netchurch, established contacts with other like-minded
vampires in North America and Europe. The Bishop of
Toronto has been asked to extend guest status to these
august investigators, as well.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Most necronomists are curious, objective and some-
what callous. Yet they study human emotions and
conscience, even treating their own fading humanity as the
subject of scientific inquiry. They appear unemotional, but
are actually very controlled. They are not bereft of emo-
tions; emotion is one of the keys to the soul and must be
studied. A necronomist whose emotions run rampant takes
the risk of confounding his work.

Path adherents' detachment is notorious and many
allies feel that in dealing with necronomists, they too are
beingstudied. They are. Followers respect those with knowl-
edge, but they donot form friendships. They are loyal to the
Sabbat, but only because the sect allows them free reign to
study. If the Sabbat were to banish the path, the scholars
would leave without regret.

Many researchers were possessed of morbid faith or
obsession in life, and were chosen specifically to pursue
their inclinations in undeath. Necronomists tend to be
spiritual, but lack any apparent passion for their beliefs.
They study death and the occult as object realities. Indeed,
those with Auspex can even attempt to quantify the char-
acteristics of the soul. Neconomists eschew religious faith
and any belief not based on empirical results. Even vam-
pires of the Sabbat feel uncomfortable around them.

Toreador antitribu comprise the largest portion of this
path's following, after the Tzimisce, but several Sabbat
Malkavians and Harbinger of Skulls are also members.

Caapver Tree: Pats OF ENLIGHTENMENT

55


Some Camarilla Malkavians and Tremere are said to be
interested in the path's studies, but few of them could
abstain sufficiently from Humanity to participate fully.
Some Giovanni study this path, but Harbinger of Skulls
followers have proved remarkably efficient in rooting these
intruders out. Adherents of the path do not dispatch such
interlopers immediately, but take them to a laboratory for
testing and experimentation.

There are a few necronomists among Sabbat leaders.
They typically serve to protect the path and allow its studies
tocontinue, rather than use it to form Sabbat policy. Theirs
is nothing like the influence of paths such as Caine, Cathari
or Power and the Inner Voice. There are a few exceptions,
though. The Bishop of Dublin is respected both as a
temporal leader and a scholar. The Tijuana based philoso-
pher Anisa Marianna Lopez has written extensively on
science, spirituality and Sabbat policy.

Other Sabbat accord quiet respect to followers of this
path. Proponents of Death and the Soul regard codes such
as the Path of Lilith and the Path of Cathari as contempt-
ible, unscientific and weak. That of Caine is respected for
its dedication to scholarship. Orders outside the Sabbat are
ignored, with the exception of the Giovanni Path of the
Bones. Necronomists and gravediggers are rivals, and do
not break into open conflict because few of either group can
operate openly in the cities of enemy sects. Observers
believe that if the Sabbat attempts to conquer Venice, the
scholars of Death and the Soul will get out their long knives
and go hunting.

While necronomists recognize that theirs is just one of

many ways, they donot consider their studies to forma Path
of Enlightenment per se. They believe that suppressing the
Beast is secondary to the acquisition of knowledge about
the vampiric condition. Necronomists do not really con-
sider Death and the Soul to be a moral code; they are simply
too busy with the mysteries of the universe to worry about
good and evil. The path requires followers to maintain their
composure through obsessive study, but it's study that is
important. A vampire following the tenets of Humanity
who seeks to learn the truths of the universe is respected,
despite his moral compass.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

The heart of the Path of Death and the Soul is intense
intellectualism. Dogma, wishful thinking and the reflexive
acceptance of the obvious are all anathema. A follower
should never assume, she must discover. An adherent
should not rely on conclusions drawn from observation
alone. She should experiment, study and categorize every-
thing. Path teachers urge students to remember that insight
can be found in the most mundane sources.

Virtues

Followers of Death and the Soul espouse Conviction
and Self-Control.

Common Abilities

As scientists and researchers of the mechanisms of
death, necronomists need Science (Alchemy), various

kinds of Lore, Medicine, Occult, Research and Science
(Toxicology). As torturers and interrogators of ghosts, they
find Interrogation, Science (Psychoanalysis), Psychology
and Academics (Theology) to be useful.

Preferred Disciplines

The most important Disciplines for understanding
existence through this path are Auspex, Necromancy and
Thaumaturgy. Necronomists have concluded that vampiric
Thaumaturgy is not magic, as it is commonly understood,
but is rather a corrupted power. By understanding the
nature of that "wrongness," followers of this path hope to
further understand the nature of the Curse.

PATH OF HONORABLE
ACCORD

Nickname: Knights
BAsIc BeLIers

From a sermon given by Azrael, Salubri antitribu pala-
din

Cultures have two ways to control their miscreant mem-
bers: guilt and shame. Guilt is based on adherence to a moral
code — ideas of salvation and sin, good and evil. Shame is
fostered by a breach of ethics — deviation from accepted
doctrine, creed or code of behavior. As predators, we have no
room for morality — it is a mortal invention. Guilt falls to the
Beast like a paper screen to a raging tiger.

Ethics are also an invention, but they are far more efficient
in their function. One has only to look at the kine world to see
the impossibility of enforcing morality. The spiral of hypocrisy
and rationalization, the chaos and madness that reign when
morals fail. Ethics fail, too, much of the time, but they some-
times succeed and are clearer and less subject to justification and
prevarication than is morality.

When one looks at the supreme ethical codes among mortals
— the samurai of Japan, the knights of Europe, the tablets of
Hammurabi and the iron codes of Draco —one sees a discipline,
a purity, that is not subject to argument or erosion. Most fail to
live up to these codes, but the failure is of the individual, not the
code itself.

No mortal code is strong enough to govern us. We have the
will of immortals and the passions of the Damned. Only we can
forge a cage strong enough to bind us.

Youhave chosen suchacage, but for youit shall be an armor
of sturdiest steel. You have gazed into your abyss. You know
what lies there. We have dipped our pens into that abyss and
written a code as encompassing as the night sky and as strong as
black iron.

Is our pathalie? No. Willit last until the stars wink out and
the moon spins into the void? Perhaps not. Will we hold this code
as our truth, as the spine and axis and axon of our existence, for
howsoever long as our undeath sustains us? Yes.

The Path of Honorable Accord strives not only to be
different from the way of Humanity, it strives to be better.
Its members would argue that there is no alternative.

CHAINING THE Beast

56

The entirety of the path — and the path follower —
lies in a code of duties and prescriptions known as the Code
of Milan. Though neither overly lengthy nor overly com-
plex, the code dictates its followers' entire existence. The
Beast claims the souls of the Damned by insidious rational-
ization. So, their code of behavior must be so clear that such
rationalization is impossible. The Beast claims the souls of
the Damned through blind emotion. So, any such emotion
must be replaced by the cold logic of the code. Whether
their sworn duty involves protecting an ally — or enemy —
or torturing a child to death, knights carry it out to the
letter. If they give their word that a task will be accom-
plished, it will be or they will reach Final Death trying.

The code upholds truth, courage and duty. In some
ways, this path is the ultimate example of "negative rein-
forcement." Its precepts and followers are cold and harsh —
but those who follow the Path of Honorable Accord are a
thousand times as harsh on themselves as they are on the
world. They take first blame for failure and if it is their duty
to defend someone, they will be destroyed before allowing
her to be harmed. Truth, no matter how terrible, is culti-
vated, for lies are the soil in which the Beast tunnels like a
worm. The soil of the vampire's soul must therefore be
stone.

Make no mistake: While many of this calling's tenets
are "virtuous," they are by no means "good." Love is a lie.
All the Damned know that. Honorable Accord rejects
compassion of any sort. Error leads to flaw, flaw leads to
weakness and weakness lead to ruin. Adherents of this code
must be without error. Nor may they tolerate it in others.
Different paths seek to guide the Beast or to let it run along
prescribed channels. This one would cage it, then freeze it
into immobility. To do that, a vampire's heart must be as
hard and cold as steel.

HieRARCHY OF SINS
Moral Guideline
Failing

Failin

Rating
to uphold the precepts of your grouy
to show hospitality to allies

ciating with the dishonorable

Failing to participate in group rites

Disobe

Failing to protect allies

wing ¢

Placin onal concerns over duty

Sh wardice
Killing without reason

Breaking

in

yur word or oath; failing to honor

igreement

ETHICS OF THE DATH

© One always keeps his word and honors his agreements.
One's word is one's personal Code of Milan. The first
inroads of the Beast are through lies, both to one's self
and to others. The next are through excusing either one's
own or other Cainites' lapses. If one neither lies nor
lapses, the Beast cannot gain a foothold.

© Never show cowardice; overcome fears. Ultimately, best
intentions are useless if they cannot be acted upon. In

some ways, fear is a knight's worst foe, for it is both a
rationalization not to accomplish something anda blind-
ing emotion. Fear is the currency of the Beast. It must be
rejected at all costs.

Duty comes before personal matters. Duty is inflexible,
immutable; personal matters are subject to whim, to
rationalization and thus to the Beast.

Treat fairly and equitably with those of station. Con-
versely, the dishonorable are beneath contempt. As one
does not lie to himself or fellow knights, so he does not lie
to or exploit other noble Cainites. Those who have taken
pains to quell their own Beasts and to set examples for the
Damned are to be respected and honored, even if they
don't (yet) follow the code. Conversely, those who are
clearly doomed, who wallow in their own shame and
weakness, are to be avoided, placed out of sight, mind and
soul. Such creatures can corrupt all around them like a
pestilence.

Always repay debts. This tenet is central to the code. So
long as debt or gratitude weighs on one's soul, there is an
opening for the Beast to exploit. The ideal knight's mind
and heart are on the code and only the code, not on
matters owed to another Cainite. Debts must always be
repaid promptly and in full.

© Support comrades-in-arms in all things, except when
they counsel treachery. Only by being an example to all
can one save others from their own weaknesses. Be a
paragon to packmates, acting as a righteous exemplar
and, if necessary, a punishing scourge.

History

Practitioners of the path are called "knights"; the
origin of this path can certainly be traced to the chivalric
ideals of the High Middle Ages. While individual Cainites
had acted in accordance with this path prior to this time, it
was not institutionalized until about A.D. 1150.

By the time of the late Crusades and the religious
orders of knighthood, the rudiments of this path had been
laid. Church records point to folk tales of "darke knytes"
with supernatural powers seemingly granted by the Devil
himself, yet who would keep their word when overcome by
faithful mortals.

Most Cainites give little credence to the idea that
Jacques de Molay was Embraced at all, let alone became a
founder of this path. Still, the word "templar" was intro-
duced into the Sabbat patois by members of this path, and
Honorable Accord practitioners have had dealings, albeit
transient and superficial, with Knights Templar, Teutonic
Knights, Knights of Malta, Freemasons and similar esoteric
orders and fraternities.

Although the chivalric tradition was dying out among
mortals by the time of the Anarch Revolt, many of the
vampires Embraced during its heyday were just coming into
their own. Many of the newly Embraced (and destroyed and
Embraced) childer that rose during the sects' formation
were sired by ex-knights and similar upholders of chivalric
ideals. Several members of the nascent Sabbat tempered

Harter Turée: PATHS OF ENUGHTENMENT

57


their cruelty and wantonness with a dose of their sires'
teachings. These vampires codified their beliefs into a work
known as the Code of Milan, after the city in which it was
penned. The code clarified the different chivalric ideals of
duty, honor and courage, while rejecting parts of the old
ways unsuitable for Cainites (courtly love, for example).

Followers of the code were not particularly numerous
among the early Sabbat. Most vampires preferred to raven
and rape. But code followers were among the most effective
of the sect's agents. The up-and-coming leaders of the sect
didn't fail to notice that, while these strange vampire-
knights weren't necessarily the most fun to be around or the
most amenable to the sect's "run wild and free" philosophy,
they got things done. And they kept other vampires in line
during incursions and raids. The honorable vampires estab-
lished collective traditions, the ritae, to instill a sense of
camaraderie and unity in the otherwise disparate sect.

Thus, the followers of the code gained an influence
perhaps out of proportion to their actual numbership. This
mitigating force proved good for the sect. Without the
unifying influence of the knights (as the followers of the
path came to be known), the Sabbat would likely have
disintegrated or been assimilated into the Anarch Move-
ment. Other Sabbat, not necessarily liking the knights,
respected them enough to participate in their ritae and form
themselves into crude military-style units — packs.

During the Renaissance, the knights gradually found
themselves brushed aside. Overt warfare between the sects
was increasingly replaced by subterfuge and trickery, acts not
to the knights' liking. While they acknowledged the neces-
sity of such duplicity, they preferred not to participate in it.
They thus gave up or were overlooked when positions of
leadership became available. The knights found their niche
as solitary warriors carrying out the dictates of particular
archbishops or the sect as a whole. This office, known as
"templar" or "paladin," survives to this day. Not all templars
are on the Path of Honorable Accord, but the majority are.

The influence of the mysterious Cathayans means that
relatively few Far Eastern mortals were Embraced until
recentnights. Nonetheless, when Commodore Perry opened
Japan to the West in 1867, path practitioners found them-
selves intrigued by the samurai code of Bushido. In the late
1800s, new amendments reflecting the principles of this
philosophy were introduced to the Code of Milan, and the
path adopted elements of Zen-like philosophy and spiritu-
ality into its heretofore pragmatic precepts.

In the 20th century, the knights dutifully carried out sect
duties even as they grew appalled by the lack of any kind of
ethics among neonates... both Sabbat and Camarilla. Vam-
pireandkinesociety alike took on the finde siecle characteristics
of shallow hedonism, individualism and mob rule.

Some young members of the path, those Embraced in
North America, took an especially dim view of the events
following 9-11, 2001. Fora while it seemed as if the society
of American mortals might truly come together, putting
aside crass capitalism and uniting as a people. The fact that
this didn't happen — that 9-11 became an excuse for
shallow "buy the flag" marketing, politicking and eventual

CHAINING THE BEAST

58

Kraus KONRECHT §

The Alsatian knight Klaus Konrecht is revered byt
the Path of Honorable Accord as one of the first, sterling
examples of its teachings. Embraced in the 11th century,'
Konrecht wandered central Europe for decades as a
roving purveyor of justice among the undead courts.'
Stern, merciless and unyielding, he worked tirelessly tol)
instill principléd behavior and trustworthiness among |
fractured Ventrue, Brujah and Lasombrafiefdoms. Though')
he could foster little unity among' the German Cainites,
he quelled the most treacherous and divisive leaders. He)
also stood firm against the incursions of the treacherous)
Tzimisce to the east. |

When the Teutonic Knights were organized,'
Konrecht saw an opportunity to establish his principles,
among both a political and religious power group. He
joined the order and gained renown among both kine and)
Cainites for his aggressive campaigns against the Slavs"
(and the Tzimisce). Yet, try as he might, he could not)
stem the corruption and greed that consumed the order's)
mortals. Fy

Nonetheless, Konrecht marched with the Teutonic"
Knights against the Slavs of Russia and their ga |
parasites. At first the advancing German hordes met_
with great success, but a combination of the Russian |
climate and the strategies of Aleksandr Nevsky defeated.
the Teutonic incursion. Konrecht never returned from
this campaign: Whether he fell in one of the great battles,
was sacrificed to the Tzimisce rebels in exchange for their
cooperation, or met with some old and terrible power inl
the Russian wastes, the tales do not say:

apathy — struck a chord even among these undead. A
nation of 260 million rejecting CNN in favor of The Anna
Nicole Show... surely this was the mark of a greater Beast, a
Beast of indifferent consumption. Perhaps, these knights
reasoned, the only way to motivate the kine was through
constant terror and negative reinforcement. If righteous-
ness could be achieved only through dread, so be it.
Packs of these knights now take it upon themselves to
terrorize mortals in their vicinity, hoping that such actions
will provoke order and community among the kine. Some
have even considered perpetuating further horrors on man-
kind as a whole, to shock them into realizing the seriousness

of the Final Nights.

THe Cope or MiILan

Like most things associated with Honorable Accord,
the Code of Milan is simple. It's a three-part folio; when
translated into English, it rarely exceeds 72 pages. The
three chapters are the Tower of Duty, the Tower of Honor
and the Tower of Courage. Symbolic links to the Tower
card of the Tarot are obvious and intentional. The Tarot
Tower represents the great fall that one must undergo
before rebuilding one's spirituality in a higher form. The
links between this and a Path of Enlightenment are obvi-
ous.

The Tower of Duty is the most straightforward chap-
ter. Itisasimple listing of various examples, creeds and rules
of conduct governing such things as hunting kine, dealing
with other Cainites and controlling frenzy. It is the most
practical chapter, an "etiquette guide" rather than a spiri-
tual tract. Still, Sabbat templars and paladins learn its
maxims by heart, quoting them as reflexive mantras in
times of physical or spiritual crisis.

The Tower of Honor is the central, spiritual part of the
text. Written as a dialogue between student and teacher,
this section imparts lessons through parable rather than
through straightforward lecture. Six different stories — the
Tale of Blood, the Tale of the Lone Wanderer, the Tale of
the Midnight Court, the Tale of the Kine, the Tale of the
Wolf and the Tale of Dawn — compose the chapter. Each
story impartsa lesson by both logical and intuitive example.

The Tower of Courage is the story of a knight who
wanders through a dim valley, comes to a shadowy tower,
and enters and confronts a monster within. Depending on
the translation, the monster can be adragon, a beast, a great
wolf or some other horror. The story is convoluted —
deliberately so — and allegorical. There are hidden and
coded messages within the text and certain letters, phrases
and sentences can be recombined into other meanings
altogether. Some of the suggestions uncovered in so doing
are downright dreadful, and reading and comprehension of
the story is designed to be a harrowing experience.

Knightsare expected tokeepacopy of the code with them
at all times. Recently Embraced vampires with political incli-
nations occasionally jest about path followers' "little red
books," but the knights take this precept exceedingly seriously.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

Practitioners of Honorable Accord are the primary
creators and maintainers of the sect's "pomp and circum-
stance." The Path of Caine records the sect's history, but it
is the knights who keep the traditions and ritae of the
current nights. Some (especially the knights themselves)
speculate that without this path to provide cohesion, the
Sabbat would have splintered long ago.

As expected, followers are at the forefront of sieges,
war parties and other military operations. They revel in
vampiric struggle, seeing it as an opportunity to display
their courage. In particular, knights seek out "champions"
from the other side (Camarilla, Setites, Assamites) and
attempt to engage them in personal combat. Defeating a foe
of similar power is a mark of prestige, particularly if the
enemy was a noted proponent of another path (high score
in Humanity, Path of Blood, Path of Typhon). Honorable
Accord vampires tolerate other paths, and perhaps respect
them to a degree, but seek to demonstrate their way's
superiority when possible. Path leaders expect that the
Sabbat's most glorious challenges be undertaken primarily
by adherents. In this role, knights often conflict with the
followers of the Path of Power and the Inner Voice. Where
the paths differ is that initiatives taken by knights should be
primarily for the good of the sect, perhaps even at a knight's

Cuarrer Three; Paths oF ENLIGHTENMENT

59


own expense, while unifiers seek to advance themselves
and their status above all else.

Although followers of this path, like all Sabbat, are
pleased with the success of recent campaigns against Camarilla
rivals, they are disheartened by what they perceive to be the
breakdown of all virtues and codes in recent nights. Though
they hold themselves above the kine, knights had hoped for
some degree of their ethical sensibility to carry over into
mortal society as a whole. Instead, the 21st century seems to
be a world of overt individual self-interest, "welcoming
change" (i.e., discarding people and institutionsat the slight-
est pretext), and disinterested third parties.

The society of the night has fared little better in their
eyes. Clan Gangrel, an enemy but by and large a noble one,
has broken its ties to the Camarilla. Clan Ravnos, an
ancient line worthy of respect if not trust, has imploded.
Knights' own sect is riddled with demonic corruption, and
even the ties of blood grow thinner by the night. When the
Antediluvians come, will they find a resisting army or
simply shiftless, apathetic fodder?

Some practitioners now meet in secret, across pack
lines, to discuss potential courses of action. Most suggest
that individual knights must set examples where they can,
performing deeds of such glory or importance that the
Sabbat cannot help but take notice. Other, wilder ideas
include a crusade against the shapeshifters as a whole, an
alliance with the mortal Christian Church, or a coup to
take control of the Sabbat "for its own good." To date, none
of these ideas has been taken seriously.

Upholders of Honorable Accord who use weapons,
particularly melee weapons, grant them a degree of rever-
ence and respect otherwise unknown in Cainite culture. If
a practitioner has a haven, she often mounts her weapons
in display cases or stands, and keeps her firearms oiled and
in pristine condition behind glass panels or otherwise in
positions of value.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Some neonates, proud, honorable and unyielding in
life, seek to find a dark and tragic nobility in their state of
undeath. Most of these vampires strive to cling to Human-
ity and of these, most fail. A few bend — once — to accept
this path's teachings, and having saved themselves resolve
to never bend again. They must not. Neither the Beast nor
their own egos would allow it. But as the realities of unlife
become all to clear, a new code of behavior becomes all the
more appealing.

Followers of other paths see knights as cold, aloof and
rigid. This is true to an extent. The coldness comes from
intense focus rather than disdain — a knight does every-
thing possible to keep his Beast in check through sheer will.
Such an introspective activity leaves little levity or energy
for more sociable activities. Still, knights are known to be
good "foxhole buddies," and their senses of humor can be
sharp, if grim.

Ofall the paths, that of Honorable Accord is most likely
to receive crossovers from rival sects. Its tenets, while anti-

thetical to human ideals of compassion and empathy, are
close enough to qualities that humans think of as "good" that
a formerly Humanist vampire can accept the teachings.
Thus, a fair number of ex-Camarilla, Setite, Assamite,
Giovanni and even Raynos Cainites fill out this path's ranks.

FOLLOWING THE PATH

This is not a calling to study or contemplation. With-
out the capacity to act, to stem the tides of chaos and
duplicity that engulf the sect and world, a member is
nothing. Knights must take active roles in all things Sabbat
— packs, war parties, ritae, sieges. If they do not, who will
set an example?

The pack-based nature of the Sabbat simultaneously
uplifts and frustrates many practitioners. On one hand, a
pack provides a ready-made warrior band, greater than any
one Cainite but small enough to live up toa single ideal. On
the other hand, duty to pack can conflict with duty to the
code if a knight's allies adhere to different principles.
Eventually, many path followers end up in packs together
since no other Cainites meet their standards. Such "cama-
raderie" intensifies their reputation as aloof and obstinate.

The goals of this path and the Sabbat Inquisition often
coincide. Arguably, more Inquisitors are on this course
than any other. In their ruthless purging of disruptive
elements and demonic threats, these followers work to
purify the sect as a whole. Sometimes the Inquisition's
reliance on deviousness and double-dealing can sufficiently
repulse a path follower to the point where she leaves
entirely.

Similarly, path followers prefer the solitary pursuits of
templar and paladin to the ranks of the Black Hand. The
Hand is known for deception and ruthlessness, and few
knights trust it not to have ulterior motives or hidden
agendas. When they can, some warriors maneuver the sect
against the Hand as best they can.

Contemplation of path precepts is more likely to
involve quiet meditation than active teaching. Paragons of
the path lead by example, not by sermons.

The gravest threat to members of this path, as with any
honorable soldier, is conflicting duties. When, for example,
duty to one's packmates conflicts with duty to one's supe-
riors, or when duty to one's superiors conflicts with duty to
the tenets of the code. In these cases, a knight must either
make a choice (suffering possible degeneration for doing
so) orabstain froma choice (which might lead to unwanted
consequences and similar ethical suffering).

Virtues

Unique among the Paths of Enlightenment, the Path
of Honorable Accord espouses Conscience in addition to
Self-Control.

Common Abilities

Followers of the Path of Honorable Accord concen-
trate on learned skills, the sort of physical capabilities that
can be mastered. Given their typical roles in a pack or city,
knights become experts in Melee and Firearms. Many work
tohone theirinnate talents for Athletics, Brawl and Dodge.

CHAINING THe Beast

60

Knights are trustworthy and straightforward, but they are
not fools. Many work hard on their Empathy talents so that
they can more easily tell when another Cainite tries to
deceive them. They often cultivate high Intimidation and
Leadership Trai well.

Preferred Disciplines

Many knights learn Presence to heighten their aura of
command and fear on the battlefield. Most put some effort
into the physical Disciplines of Potence, Celerity and Forti-
tude. Those in leadership positions may learn Auspex both
for its usefulness in the field and to help pierce deceptions.

PATH OFLILITH

Nickname: Bahari (sometimes Lilin — both singular
and plural)

The first woman was not Eve. Eve was a submissive,
pure, behaved creation, designed to satisfy Adam's arro-
gance and to indulge his foolishness. The first woman was
Lilith. She demanded knowledge and equality and was cast
from the Garden of Eden for that sin.

It was in her long years of wandering that she found
Samael, the Lightbringer Angel. He too was fallen. Lilith
gave him her flesh and her love and he gave her knowledge.
Atleast, that's how some tell it. Others say he raped her and
she stole magic from him in revenge. The details do not
matter, only the result: Lilith was pregnant and she had
learned of the power of angels.

God sent the angels Senoy, Sansenoy and Semaneloff
(Snvi, Snsvi and Smnglv) to subdue Lilith and drag her
back to servitude in the Garden. Her first children claimed
that the three angels raped and abused her and put a curse
upon her. If anyone carved the names of those three angels
onan amulet and held it to her or her children and shouted,
"Out Lilith," she (and her children) would be powerless and
would have to flee. Lilith, betrayed again, bleeding and
wounded, gave birth to the angels' children.

In later years, she met Caine, the son of Adam, wander-
ing in the Land of Nod. She took him in, clothed him and
taught him the secrets she had gathered from Samael, from
the angels, from the demons that she had taken as her
lovers, and from the wild ones who had sheltered her when
she gave birth. Perhaps she loved Caine. He too bore a
curse, an exile from God akin to her own. Caine, too,
betrayed her.

In time, Lilith became the mother of many strange and
demonic creatures, but those that were most like her, those
that honored her were the Lilin: those named the succubae
and the incubi. They in turn had children and those spread
throughout the world, born of pain and fire, rape and
betrayal, with the secret knowledge stolen by their mother
tushing through their veins. In time, they came to rule
expanses of the Earth. They preyed on the sons of Seth as
the human race struggled in the time after the fall of man.
They warred with Caine's children.

Eventually, elder succubae and incubi offered their
allegiance to Hell, or traveled away from the Earth. Lilith

(Carrer Tree: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT
61


went into hiding, disappeared or died. Others say she
walked the Earth, stalking the tribes of man as they spread.
"The Dark Mother," they called her, giving her names such
as Kali, Morrigan, Hel and Tiamat. But where she went, her
children followed. Their blood mingled with all the races of
man so that in each tribe there lay the potential for the
dark, beautiful, demonic and immortal Lilin to be born.

Before the Flood, the Lilin ruled huge kingdoms in
defiance of Heaven and the sons of Caine. Then three of
them, grandchildren of Lilith herself, entered Enoch to
offer themselves to the dark gods who ruled there. In the
sons of Caine's lust for the children's blood, beauty and
knowledge, the vampires gave the Lilin the Dark Gift. And
in time, the Children of Lilith bade their siblings rise up and
slay the sons of Caine.

The Bahari say they were the first to walk the Path of
Lilith, and the first vampires to know Lilith's truths.

BASIC BELIEFS

The Bahari (or the Lilin as they sometimes refer to
themselves) are a large, diverse group of worshippers of the
Dark Mother. Many Cainites worship Lilith, but only afew
of those use such worship as the focus for a Path of Enlight-
enment.

Lilith worshippers do not follow any one canonical
theology. Rather, they each follow one of a number of
apocryphal and contradictory beliefs, oral traditions
and fragments of ancient texts. All agree, however,
that Lilith is the Dark Mother, Caine's lover and the
explorer of hidden things. To find her truths, one must
suffer her thorns.

A common concept discussed by the Bahari is the
notion of "the Torture Garden" or "Lilith's Garden" —
a perfumed oasis of pain, suffering, dark sensuality and
enlightenment. The garden is both a mythological
place — spoken of in several stories about her — anda
metaphorical thing. To be a true Lilin, one must dwell
in the lair amongst the sharp, barbed flowers and the
sweet moans of the seekers as they enjoy the Dark
Mother's torments. Fora vampire, one of Lilith's thorns
is the hunger of the Beast.

To progress on this path, one must move deep into the
garden, wherever darker pleasures and sharper agonies
await, At the center of the place lies the Tree of Enlighten-
ment, which by legend Lilith grew from the stolen seed of
God's tree, and which in metaphorical terms is the final
initiation that balances Beast and intellect, pleasure and
pain, intellect and sensuality. By opening one's self to true
experience, suffering and ecstasy, enlightenment and mad-
ness, one can comprehend the truth of reality.

This following has no place for insincere compas-
sion or false conscience. The Mother suffered for her
children's joys and died for their sins. Those who
choose to follow her ways must suffer and endure as she
did. Those who do not follow her ways are fools. Those
who try to follow and fail her tests are chaff to be cast
aside. Compassion is indulging other's weakness. Con-

science is giving free rein to one's own hypocrisy. Only
the strong can follow Lilith's ways. Only those brave
enough to defy God and petty civilized "morality" can
ever strive to enter her garden.

Vampires who follow Lilith's teachings must lust
— no, have a need far beyond lust — for her secrets and
experiences. A postulant must prove that need. She
must demand agonies — be it the torments of whip and
fire, or the rages and depredations of the Beast — before
the Bahari accept her. Only then, when the initiate has
taken the first tenuous steps into the exquisite agonies
of the Dark Mother's love, do the Hierophants — the
vampire-priests — come to her and challenge her.

The Hierophants, the torturer priests of Lilith,
become the student's lovers, and their ministrations
are merciless. From the beginning, an acolyte experi-
ences pain beyond comprehension. If the student's
need is sufficient, the pain draws her deeper into that
metaphorical garden and the Hierophants show her the
Mother's thorns.

In the end, when the postulant has proven herself,
when she has demonstrated her pure, ravenous need,
the Hierophants put away their knives, hang up their
whips, remove the barbs, sheath their instruments, take
her as a disciple and whisper the first secrets of Lilith's
way.

The Path of Lilith is not an infernalist path. One of
its sub-paths strays close to infernalism, but Lilith is no
mere demon.

Some Bahari hold that Lilith is the creator of all
vampires — that the Caine myth is some form of
revisionism — but most feel that Lilith's status as
"mother to demons" is only allegorical. Some argue
that vampirism is an ancient expression of God's dis-
pleasure, that all who are cast from His light are doomed
to darkness and eternal bloodlust. If that theory is
correct, the hierarchies and genealogies so lovingly
compiled by the Children of Caine are false.

The Lilin coven known as the Silent Rose, a group
of six female vampires led by the Gangrel Yasamhain
and based in Croatia, has studied the so-called
"Cathayans." They note that the vampires of the East
describe their progenitors as a man and woman, a dark
father and a dark mother. The Silent Rose has traveled
extensively and seeks to understand Lilith by unearth-
ing as many secrets of the undead as possible. Unlike
other Lilin, Yasamhain and her coven also seek Noddist
lore. By understanding the lies and half-truths of Caine
worshippers, they hope to hone the truth of Lilith.

The Bahari revere the archaic written records of
their faith. Texts such as the Guarded Rubrics, Revela-
tions of the Dark Mother and others are treasured, copied
and compared to one another in order to find hidden
meaning in their intersections. Many Lilin temples are
also home to extensive research libraries.

CHAINING THE Beast


HItRARCHY OF SINS
Moral Guideline
Indulgir

immediat

Rating

10 in instant gratification; feeding
y when hungry
r temporal p
‘false

Nc

Seeking wealth «

Not challenging the f morta

dist

Feeling remorse for the suffering

L religions or vampire

u bring on others
Not participating in a Bahari ritual

Murdering'a mortal or. vampire
Not learning the teachings of Lilith
thers

Not bringing pain and anguish to «

Shunning pain

ETHICS OF THE DATH

* Seek pain. In moments of agony, one's sense
enlightenment is close.

© Bea teacher, lover and bringer of pain and knowledge to
those who would follow the Dark Mother's ways.

¢ As a vampire, the night belongs to the Lilin. Blind
mortals are one's victims.

* Confront one'

Seek out those who would find awarenes
into the truths of the path.

© Nothing is fair in this world. Fairness and sentimentality
are for the weak. The Mother rewards the strong.

Be independent. Be strong. Trust only one's

¢ Share pain and learning with others on this path.

¢ Wealth, materialism and comfort are mere trappings —
foolish things of civilization. Reject them.

¢ Mortal religion merely encapsulates God's oppression of
the Mother. Seek to undo all its rules and teachings.

© God forbids magic and all vampiric Disciplines. They are
the dark gifts that cast off the shackles of His petty rules.

© Prepare the way for the Eschaton when Heaven, Hell and
Earth cease to be, and Heaven is remade.

are afire and

fears. Overcome them. Grow stronger.
and draw them

self.

DESTINIES

This path's catechisms hold that Lilith will return on
the Night of Gehenna, after Caine has awakened, exacting
revenge on him before taking revenge on Lucifer and God
and all others who have used and hurt her. Lilith — the true
mother of humanity and the true mother of monsters —
will then ascend into Heaven and make it her own.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

The Lilin — no matter which road they walk — are
chosen for their intellectual courage, emotional vibrancy
and craving to experience the Dark Mother's truths. Con-
verts are typically young, rarely older than ancillae. Unlike
adherents of other paths, the Bahari are willing to adopt
vampires with high Humanity scores as future path follow-
ers. Coven members donotactively pursue recruits, however.
A prospective mentor may watch several potential students

from afar. She marks these subjects by using a minor rite to
adda tiny, barely noticeable coloration to their auras. Only
amaster of Auspex would notice it, and only Lilin know the
mark's significance. Of those touched, the Bahari approach
a mere handful as part of a long seduction. An elder might
pass a candidate timely information that has nothing to do
with Lilith, or make herself known in a casual manner.
After a few years of interaction, the elder might set small
challenges for the student to see if the subject is a valid
choice. In that time, the Bahari — any in the area— watch
over the prospect and evaluate him. The Bahari look for
intelligence, strength and a willingness to explore. Only
after at least another year does the elder invite the student
to take his first steps onto the path. This approach to
indoctrination has worked for centuries. There have always
been exceptions, though — vampires who are guided to the
way by some other force, be it fate, destiny or curiosity.
These vampires are never turned away. Members prefer to
know such candidates in advance, but they believe that
those who come unbidden have been sent by Lilith herself.

Despite their obvious love of pain, the Lilin have no
interest in associating with truly depraved monsters. De-
based vampires are not enlightened. Creatures that have
lost all humanity and sanity — wights — have been
snagged by thorns on the road to enlightenment and have
been destroyed as a result.

Lilin dress in comfortable clothes, casual yet stylish. When
performing rituals, they wear scarlet robes inlaid with black briar
patterns. They do not decorate themselves beyond this. Lilin
often dress revealingly, however, so that others may see the scars
they have received in honoring the Mother's ways.

FOLLOWING THE PATH

Bahari reject their ties to Caine and claim descent
from the Dark Mother alone. Her vampiric powers and

curses are taints that must be purified by privation, su
and study.

The Lilin consider their vampiric form to be a pale
shell of what will come after Lilith's destiny has been
fulfilled. They will be remade into pure, immortal spirits of
sense and experience. When Caine has been cast down and
God has been humbled at last, Lilith will gather her
children and this dead flesh will be stripped away.

ring

Each of Lilith's followers seeks to flout the "accept-
able" and "moral" and create a new order, whether it be the
heavens-shattering plans of the Path of Awakening (see
below), the hedonism of the Path of the Flesh or the plans
of the Lilith cults. Bahari transgr
against the simple rules of polite society or against the
oldest moral strictures of Caine's vampires. God exiled
pect. Adam
spurned Lilith. The laws of his weak children must not be
obeyed. Caine tormented Lilith. He is her enemy and his
laws must be undone. Children can be kidnapped or tor-
tured to death. Neonate vampires can be diablerized. The
most forbidden of secrets can be read, all in Lilith's name.
Obedience to others' moral codes represents weakne:

ions can be made

Lilith. His laws in particular deserve no res

Chapter Tree: PaTis OF ENLIGHTENMENT

63


The Sabbat Inquisition considers this path heretical.
The Camarilla is largely ignorant of it. Bahari have, on
occasion, been forced to defend their practices before
Sabbat councils. More than a few have fallen to the Inqui-
sition. Path members must practice in secret and they
confide only in other path members.

Lilin Hierophants eschew the Sabbat. They do not
forbid other members to join that sect, but they understand
that the Sabbat worships Caine and Caine is an enemy of
the Dark Mother. Sabbat members chosen as Hierophants
often fake their own Final Deaths and abandon the sect.
Exitsing Hierophants find a new priest a place and attempt
to waylay any investigators. Because the Sabbat has such a
high turnover rate, few such investigations occur.

Lilith's followers must prove themselves constantly
and challenge others on the path. Her temples are estab-
lished in torture chambers and morgues, where initiates are
forced to confront the limits of their existence. Although
Bahari see pain and pleasure as the two constants of unlife,
they are not mere "leather sluts" and rarely indulge in
mortal sadomasochistic practices. They occasionally draw
converts from such communities, but frown on the vanity
of such pursuits. Pain without enlightenment is a mere fact
of biology. Titillation does not enlighten. Enlightenment
must burn. Enlightenment must tear down all illusions and
flay away mortality. Enlightenment is nothing if it's easy.

The Path of Lilith is upheld by vampires. There are,
however, other churches of Lilith amongst the other races
of the night. From what little the Bahari truly know,
different creatures have their own catechisms, their own
scriptures and theirown cults dedicated to the Dark Mother.
Adherents of the path have little time for these foreign
groups, though. Lilith may deliver truths and revelations
upon other races, but those she whispers to the undead are
obviously the most important. This arrogance has brought
the Bahari into conflict with other followers of Lilith in the
past, and may well do so again. The Lilin are particularly
interested in finding out if other offspring of the Mother —
the people of Arikel's tribe — still survive. The search was
never a priority, but as the Final Nights draw close the
coven wonders if its has unknown allies. These humans
may bear knowledge denied to vampires. If the tribe still
exists, the Bahari must know on whose side it stands. If the
humans are enemies, the Bahari whisper, they must be
killed before the Dark Mother awakens.

Virtues

The Path of Lilith requires followers to have Convic-
tion and Instinct.

Common Abilities

The ideals of this path demand creativity and an
analytical mind. Bahari also prize acuteness of the five
senses: Alertness is favored. Other prized Abilities include
Athletics, Empathy, Expression, Crafts, Performance, Aca-
demics, Medicine, Occult and Science. Though they may
claim otherwise, the Lilin tend to welcome converts who
have a high Appearance rating.

Torture is an essential element of the path, so adher-
ents are usually skilled in Intimidation and Melee (with
specialties in instruments of pain), as well as in Medicine.

Linguistics is also favored, although followers are more
interested in dead languages than extant ones.

Preferred Disciplines

The vampiric Disciplines are Lilith's gifts to the Chil-
dren of Caine. These are the powers Caine and his
grandchilder in turn used to destroy her garden and exile
her. Lilin are expected to hone their powers so that her gifts
can be used against Caine and his line.

Powers such as Animalism, Celerity, Fortitude and
Obfuscate are prized, as these are said to be the "purest" of
the Mother's Disciplines. There are rumors of a cult of
Lilith worshippers in Egypt who are skilled at Necromancy.

Ortner PaATHsorLiitH

The Path of Lilith has several sub-paths, many of
which are similar to other Paths of Enlightenment. Some
echo the Path of Cathari, others the Path of the Beast. The
two most important sub-paths are described below.

PATH OF AWAKENING

Adherents of this heretical path hold that the founder
of Clan Malkavian was not human. He was a Lilin, de-
scended from Lilith herself. In the days before the Great
Flood, three Lilin, barely out of childhood, came to the city
of Enoch as treaty hostages — the twins Arikel and Malkav,
and one other. They were given the Embrace, but it did not
curse them. Indeed, it blessed them and made them power-
ful. They defied their elders, defied Caine and led the other
vampires of the third generation in rebellion.

The third hostage is named Nahema in certain texts.
Some worshippers call her the Anti-Muse or Dark Muse,
the Demon Queen of Madness. She is said to be the patron
of serial killers and torturers. The Nahemites, the followers
of the Path of Awakening, claim that Nahema was the
younger sister of Arikel and Malkav. Legends say she
descended into Hell, but never lost contact with her sib-
lings. Her spirit is forever bound to her siblings and their
childer. Supposedly, it is her spirit that whispers along the
cobwebs of the Malkavian "madness network." It is her
spirit that burns in the hearts of the Toreador. Orher
vampires dismiss these stories as fancy. Perhaps they are.
But these tales have some credence among the Lilin. Some
Bahari have dedicated themselves to that spirit, hoping
that by knowing Nahema's way they can come to under-
stand Lilith's teachings.

These cultists seek knowledge by peeling back the skin
of accepted reality. Through blood-magic rites and halluci-
nogen-enriched blood, they turn the violent rituals of the
Bahari into attempts to see past the world. What they
perceive is terrifying and soul destroying. They recognize
the world as the lie it is, and hope to unravel it to set
Nahema's spirit free. They hope to present the devastated
wreckage, freed of God's interference, as a gift to the Dark
Mother when she awakens.

Other Bahari believe the Nahemites to be dangerous extremists.

CCHAINING THE Beast

64

PATH OF FLESH

Some Bahari follow a different sub-path, that of Flesh.
These cultists donot memorize longand involved mytholo-
gies. Rather, they accept Lilith as an expression,
metaphorical or otherwise, of the powerful aspect of the
feminine principle, as an exploration of the dark side of
sensuality. Lilith may or may not have existed, but the truth
of the mythological cycles is irrelevant. She is an archetype
and aspirational vision.

Adherents study legends of Lilith along with biblical
and mythological apocrypha to explore her concept as an
archetypal guide, one who has relevance to both vampires
and humanity. Lilith, they say, is a representative figure of
humanity's worst, chthonic urges. She is everything that
society rejects. By rejecting society's rules in turn, a mem-
ber adopts the urges attributed to the Mother and truly
understands what it means to exist. Society brands so many
things as sinful. It forbids cannibalism, but people have
consumed the flesh of fallen enemies for centuries. Society
forbids self-mutilation, but the soul can awaken by explor-
ing that pain. Society attempts to control and channel
sensual hungers, but abolishing them makes these experi-
ences all the more tempting. Followers of this path claim
that the curse of vampirism has within it the potential for
utter experience. Immortal, possessed of heightened senses,
almost indestructible... what better vehicle is there for
exploring the dizzying heights of pleasure and pain? Denial,

these cultists protest, defies vampire potential.

Advocates of the Path of Flesh seek to placate the Beast
through their explorations. The Beast is merely the hunger
that drives a vampire. By satiating that hunger and experi-
menting with new experiences, practitioners hope to keep
their sanity intact, their senses sharp and their intellects vital.

PATHOF
MeTAMORPHOSIS

Nickname: Metamorphosists or Freaks

Some Paths of Enlightenment are simply specific ways of
looking at the world. They're taken to inhuman extremes, but
they're founded ona human basis. Not so the Path of Metamor-
phosis. The brainchild ofClan Tzimisce, thiscalling concentrates
on alienation, cultivation of inhumanity, and ultimately on
escaping all humane traits the way a butterfly breaks free from
its cocoon.

The basic doctrine of the path is that humanity is but a
precursor to the more evolved state of vampirism, and vampir-
ism is a prelude to something else... sometime wondrous and
terrible. As partly evolved beings, it is Cainites' sacred duty to
continue the process of change and refinement into a state of
earthly apotheosis.

Perhaps characteristically, adherence to this path is an
individualistic rather than communal endeavor. Devotees are
competitive at best, outright rivals or foesat worst. Each vampire
must walk the path by herself. While followers often ally to
accomplish temporal ends or to discuss general matters of

Charmer Taree: Pats oF ENLIGHTENMENT

65


spirituality, receiving more than mere rudiments of knowledge
from other paths is considered weakness and dullness.

Also, unlike many paths, Metamorphosis advocates no
specific route to enlightenment. There are certainly rules to
obey, techniques to follow and prohibitions to honor, but the
following is ultimately a function of intuition and experience.
Teachers understand that a student's destiny might be to fail,
not succeed. Failures are not only expected but occasionally
encouraged as object lessons.

All told, the path sometimes presents an element that the
Sabbat finds unharmonious, even divisive. It is only the influ-
ence ofthe Tzimisce and the usefulness of itsmembers that keeps
the path from being scourged from the sect altogether.

BASICBELIEFS

Like all paths, Metamorphosis seeks to free its members
from the Beast's chains. The creature within is not considered
evil in and of itself, but as a burden that restricts a vampire toa
lowstate of being. The Beastisa fine lens for exploring the world
— thus, metamorphosists tend to have high Instinct ratings —
but it can make an unwary vampire fatally short-sighted.

Most changers belong to the Sabbat, but they view the sect
asa laboratory and tool rather than a holy institution. In truth,
they would not act much differently if they were Camarilla or
independent. Every vampire differs, of course, but as a rule,
metamorphosists view and carry out their sect duties in dutiful
but not inspired fashion.

Though Sabbat, many adherents fear the impending
Gehenna. If it happens too soon, they may not be ready.
Philosophers estimate that it will take at least another century
of experimentation and research before the highest truths of
Metamorphosis are revealed —a century they might not have.
Thus, certain changers do everything in their power to delay
Gehenna. Some seek a sudden, overwhelming assault against
the Camarilla. Others hope to use delaying tactics in an attempt
to stabilize the Jyhad on both sides of the sect divide (which is
treason by Sabbat standards). A few even dare to postulate
approaching certain leaders of the Camarilla, declaring a secret
truce and purging both sects of sufficient Antediluvian influ-
ence to delay if not avoid the impending reckoning.

HieRARCHY OF SINS
Rating Moral Guideline

10 Postponing feeding when hung

Indulging in pleasure

Deferring another for kn:

Sharing knowle with another
Refusing to ki

from it

vhen knowledge may be gainec
hen k |

ailing to ride out a frenzy

Considering the needs of others

Failure to experiment, even at your own risk

Neglecting to alter your own body

Exhibiting compassion for others

BTHICS OF THE DATH

Learn the characteristics of all stages of life and death.
Vampires, as embodiments of both stages' qualities, must
evolve along the tree of death as well as life. Death is
perhaps only the protozoa-stage of unimaginable states of
being, which a truly enlightened Cainite must learn and
assimilate.
One should not overly concern oneself with mortals.
They are a step below the Children of Caine, not a step
above. In retaining bipedal posture, binocular vision,
opposable thumbs and cause/effect cognitive processing,
a Cainite has taken all she generally needs from her
former existence. Mortals sometimes aid vampires by
accomplishing valuable intellectual breakthroughs, but
most such reasoning applies to mortal concerns and is
thus of marginal utility to vampires. At any rate, a
vampire can parasitize his mortal servitors and networks
with little effort, much like logging onto the Internet.
Do not share knowledge with others, as it is too valuable
to trust to a flawed creature like one's self. This tenet is
perhaps more indicative of Tzimisce paranoia than en-
lightened development, as it seems of limited utility.
Nonetheless, the metamorphosist viewpoint is that all
creatures — even other path followers — are ultimately
objects of study. To impart knowledge and enlighten-
ment toa lab rat is to corrupt the experiment. The rat will
not act "naturally."
Indulge the Beast, but deny it. True comprehension of
unlife requires a broad range of experience. The Beast in
and of itself is like any other organ or system. If overtaxed
or if the rest of one's self is allowed to atrophy, it is a
detriment. If assimilated properly into the whole, exer-
cised and nourished but not besotted or bloated, the
Beast takes its place within the framework. Its percep-
tions, while simple, are often correct.

© One should alter and augment one's body. Changing the
flesh might pave the way toward changing the soul. As
without, so within. While altering one's flesh in and of
itself does not lead to enlightenment, the act of experi-
encing the physical world through a different body-lens
can in turn lead to innovative ways of thinking — or
unthinking, as the case may be.

© Do not heed the needs or desires of others. Their lack of
introspection may distract even the keenest intellect. To
remain ever aware of one's own evolution, one must be
continuously self-centered. Because one cannot evolve
another being, that being's needs are by definition an
impediment to the true way.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Metamorphosists are just plain weird. Invariably, they
develop high levels of the Vicissitude Discipline, then use
it to assume ever-changing but always inhuman or quasi-
human forms.

Most practitioners are members of the Tzimisce clan.
The philosophy simply doesn't appeal to very many other

Cainites, even ones who've developed the Vicissitude

CCHAINING THE Beast

6

power. Given that metamorphosists withdraw from undead
society by necessity, the path doesn't take well among more
sociable Cainites.

Still, a few Sabbat and others come forward. Gangrel,
with their Protean Discipline, are sometimes accepted,
then taught the "true way" of Vicissitude. A few Serpents
of the Light answer the call. Generally, metamorphosists
prefer Cainites from stock perceived as "strong" and old:
Ventrue, Toreador, Lasombra and even Nosferatu. Given
their own limitations and animalistic nature, Nosferatu
find the path particularly appealing. Tremere and Panders,
as "weak-blooded," tend to be discriminated against, though
there are exceptions.

Sabbat metamorphosists serve the sect distractedly at
best. The path is simply too individualistic to allow for
much pack cohesion. (At the Storyteller's option, Vincu-
lum ratings for metamorphosists can be cut in half, courtesy
of ongoing rituals developed by elder path followers.)

A schism exists between metamorphosists who serve
the Sabbat and those who do not. The latter, while rare,
exist in Europe and the Third World, descendants of old
Clan Tzimisce or renegades who followed the dictates of
path over sect. Independent changers care little for sect
ideology and routinely hire themselves out to Kindred of
any clan or side if they think they can obtain useful data or
favors in return. Persistent rumor states that a small brood
of Tzimisce metamorphosists serves the Inner Circle of the
Camarilla, despite the surface implausibility of such an
alliance.

The fact remains, though, that elder followers of the
path are among the most intelligent, perceptive creatures
in existence. The Sabbat grudgingly lets these creatures
come, go and do as they please. When elder and sect aims
correspond, the freaks serve as masterminds, strategists and
warlocks beyond compare. When respective needs are not
in synch, Sabbat leadership only hopes that the sect can
keep out of the way.

History

The raw rudiments of this path have developed in the
Balkans for hundreds, perhaps thousands, of years. The
path as it's understood today flowered during the Renais-
sance and was refined during the Age of Enlightenment and
later. It is ironic that those beings who would cast away all
kinship with mortals owe some of their tenets to humans'
development of the scientific method.

Prior to that time, even vampires largely held to the
idea of Platonic forms. While the Tzimisce sprang largely
from pagan stock, the notion of a progression from lower to
higher form was largely alien to them at first. At some point
during the Roman era, a few koldun (practitioners of
diablerie) conceived the idea of "becoming one with the
gods" or "spirits" by consuming divine essence. Since the
gods of the land were earthbound, finite beings, this pro-
gression did not seem as impossible or blasphemous as the
consumption of a celestial being might be.

From this base, the kolduns' thought progressed to
becoming "one with the land," a mystical amalgamation of
life, spirit and blood. Roman soldiers in the Balkans spoke
of the "genius loci," the animate life of the Old Country
itself. Tzimisce kolduns worshipped various genius loci,
sought their havens and consumed them to become the
new masters of the domain. In the process, legend says they
transformed from mere Cainites into vast entities of titanic
power.

For a time, following the coming of Christianity into
the region, this myth-cycle was lost, passed down only
among the oldest bloodlines. The idea of gradual progres-
sion into not only more potent blood, but to a higher stage
of life itself remained dormant for centuries, until the
coming of Darwinian and Lamarckian theories.

Tzimisce elders were attracted to talk of Linnaean
taxonomy, to the great "dragon bones" extracted from
ancient rock strata. Old whispers passed among the war-
tiors of the Sabbat, and elders who had kept their lips sealed
for centuries began imparting tales and knowledge. Like
the dinosaur hunters of the day, though, they kept their
secrets carefully guarded — and thus the nascent path, like
the tree of life itself, branched in dozens, possibly hundreds,
of different directions.

On the European continent, the path continued to
evolve ina very "ubermenschian" direction, possibly influ-
enced by the work of philosophers such as Nietzsche.
Contrary to Sabbat teachings (but useful to the sect none-
theless), metamorphosists actively participated in the worlds
of both kine and Jyhad, using both as weapons in their tests
and struggles. These conflicts were against each other as
often as not, but they also helped the sect clear away some
of the last old-clan remnants in eastern Europe.

Philosophically, the path developed extensively in the
20th century, with that era's emphasis on rapid progress,
lack of objective truth and large-scale carnage. Human
debates on eugenics echoed (or perhaps started) in the
cavernous lairs of the metamorphosists. By now, some
practitioners had progressed far along the path, and a
variety of terrible monsters haunted the early half of the
century. While the Nazi regime was a human-spawned
atrocity, it is fair to say that the death camps of the
Holocaust provided havens and grist for several Sabbat and
independent metamorphosists.

The Atomic Age and beyond have likewise been
fruitful. Advances in human science provide parallels or
precursors for the work of metamorphosists, while Third
World regimes and global hotspots allow all manner of
experiments to continue unabated. While caring little for
human genetics, devotees nonetheless mine the most en-
lightening and useful methodologies for their own uses.
The Internet proves as fruitful for metamorphosist research
as it does for human study. And at least one mighty
metamorphosist has postulated the idea of a great vampire
colony on the dark side of the moon, with kine slaves and
tunneled laboratories.

Carrer Tree: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

67


THe DHRYGIAN CODex

The sole unifying creed among the metamorphosists)
is a small folio called:the Phrygian Codex. The book is.
about 100 pages or so, but different parts were writte!
over centuries, possibly millennia. The first chapters
held to be the writings of the pre-Roman kolduns,.whil
later chapters were added during the Dark Ages an
afterward. 7 i

Several editions exist. Later editions, those va
additional chapters and revisions added by powerful'
metamorphosists, are especially prized. A follower's co
dex is as much her lab notes and journal as it is her,
scripture. Individuals can update, alter and revise their
books to reflect their experiences. A few ancient
metamorphosists have codexes thousands of pages in'
length, penned with centuries of notes, observations and"
experiences. Such tomes are prized by greedy inferiors. {

CuRRENT PRACTICES

All metamorphosists seek to transcend their innate
limitations to become divine — or at least as close to
omnipotent and omniscient as they can manage. The
precise nature of this state varies from teacher to teacher,
but all agree that Metamorphosis must be sought through a
mixture of contemplation and action. In some senses, this
path is not so much a "spiritual" guide as a recipe for
physical and mental development. The soul, while ac-
knowledged to exist, is ultimately a building block in the
whole of vampiric being. It should be preserved, certainly
not lost, but not cultivated to the exclusion of all else,
either.

Aswith any other path, a teacher guides a new student
through the rudiments. These are common to all
metamorphosists and they typically involve mastering the
Vicissitude Discipline to level 4 while simultaneously purg-
ing one's self of human sentiment (raising Conviction to at
least 3). Unleashing the zulo war-form is the first step in an
initiate's understanding of his capabilities and possibilities.
Once the zulo is attained, a teacher generally cuts the
student loose to seek his own way.

A few teachers and their childer-students form cote-
ties, working collectively to research and study. This
arrangement was formerly not permitted until an erudite
metamorphosist scholar pointed out that beings of the same
bloodline might in fact be a communal, "colony" organism
or could become one. Given that none could conclusively
prove otherwise, bloodline-related coteries have since been
permitted to exist under this stricture. In such units, the
eldest and strongest is considered the "brain" and leader,
although usurpation has been known to occur.

Metamorphosists cannot proselytize, but they look
with little favor on Tzimisce who develop skill at Vicissi-
tude without adopting the path. In some cases, changers
might challenge such non-path clan members, posing trials
and favors as tests of their resolve. If the other Tzimisce can
be persuaded to join the path, it is for the good. If not,

perhaps overcoming such a creature is a suitable test for a
true metamorphosist.

The obvious way to transcend is through study. This is
more challenging than it might seem. Because there is little
"standard" doctrine outside of the Phrygian Codex, and
numerous editions of even that exist, metamorphosists
must glean their texts and knowledge through active re-
search. This means traveling to hidden libraries, questing
for lost tomes and stealing needed materials from rival
followers. Adherents encourage this competition. Afterall,
ascholar who can't defend her gains from her fellows is not
worthy of apotheosis.

No studies can be complete without experimentation.
Metamorphosists commonly set up bizarre abattoir-labs,
complete with mazes, dissection tables, cages and other
experiment-facilitating devices. Here they study animals
and kine — if they must. Better subjects are the various
Awakened beings of the world. Thus, metamorphosists
occasionally barter or cooperate with other Cainites (never
other metamorphosists) to hunt and capture Cainites,
Lupines and other creatures.

Ironically, a metamorphosist perceived to be high on
the path can be a viable target for another, lower one. More
than one "enlightened" metamorphosist elder has given up
not only his blood but his flesh, bones, organs and soul to
knowledge-hungry inferiors.

Metamorphosists believe in the standard doctrine of
evolution. "Survival of the fittest" is even more apropos for
them than for other Cainites. Some practitioners eagerly
test their war-forms in combat with Camarilla vampires or
even shapeshifters. The thrill of realizing that one's chosen
direction is equal or superior to that of a Lupine is perhaps
the most human emotion such strange Kindred ever expe-
rience.

The greatest crucible is the Jyhad itself, and thus elder
metamorphosists are exceptionally dangerous. Instead of
retreating to contemplate their philosophies in seclusion,
they actively use their knowledge in the Eternal Struggle.
Sabbat leaders put up with much to retain the services of
these powerful beings — though the metamorphosists dis-
play less loyalty to the sect than archbishops and cardinals
would like.

The mastery of Vicissitude (in conjunction with
diablerie to lower generation sufficiently to develop unique
manifestations) is a primary goal. Animalism is nearly
equally valued, to form bonds of understanding with differ-
ent species (and to attract legions of minions).

FOLLOWING THE PATH

The core tenet of this path is to transcend the undead
limitations of the mortal and undead body and soul. Great
practitioners speak of combining characteristics of life,
death and undeath into a composite entity that controls all
such states. Rather than merely maintaining an uneasy
balance between life and death, metamorphosists must
encompass life and death.

CHAINING THE BEAST

68

THe FINAL STAGE

Raw power and enlightenment go hand in hand i
Metamorphosis. Transcending vampiric limitations ult i
mately means developing the capacity to doso. There are"
few tono 13th-generation metamorphosists with Vicis-
situde 1 who've achieved more than a few dots in the}
path.
Diablerie is therefore a matter of even more urgency |
for metamorphosists than it is for fost Sabbat. Changers |
eagerly attack elders beyond their capabilities, or even
each other to garner the raw strength of blood to achieve |
their goals. A general rule of chumb is that a being should H
have a dot in Vicissitude per dot in the path as a whole
— though that ideal varies considerably, especially in}
later nights.

And what of those beings who do‘achieve ratings of -
8, 9 or 10 on the path? Few know for certain. eal
level 7, metamorphosists begin severing ties to clan and
sect, Withdrawing as much as possible from the Jyhad (at ry
least as the Jyhad is understood by the players of the ]
sects). They wander into Lupine-infested wilds or hide in)
the underworlds of strange cities, there to prepare them-)
selves for whatever enlightenment brings: j

Whether the ultimate apotheosis in fact occurs is"
another subject of debate: Later editions of the Phrygian |
Codex list several infamous metamorphosists who sup-"

posedly "found the true way." Other editions claim that
to date, none have pursued the path to its final end.

¢ satin cto a

In the process, advocates routinely change the compo-
sition of their bodies and brains, the better to experience
existence from a variety of perspectives. Once enough
perspectives have been accumulated, metamorphosists seek
to assimilate, synthesize and combine them into new and
heretofore unknown forms.

(In game terms, metamorphosists often deliberately
cultivate derangements, and then Willpower is spent to
remove them. Only by experiencing eternity from a variety
of bizarre reference points can enlightenment be achieved.
At the Storyteller's option, Blood or Willpower might be
spent to shift one or two dots among Attributes and
Abilities as practitioners mutate themselves physically.
Such accomplishments can't be made on the spur of the
moment, though, say in combat. The Storyteller should
impose a cost similar to a wound penalty until a character
takes a full night to acclimate himself to his new shape.)

Unlike some path followers, who actively seek to
demonstrate the supremacy of their teachings, followers of
Metamorphosis are reclusive and secretive (qualities per-
haps inherited from the path's primary clan). Supporters
hold no public (and few private) gatherings, cultivate no
ritae and do not seek to integrate components of their
beliefs into the function of the Sabbat. Service to the sect
is viewed as a "day job" — something useful, serving a
valuable purpose, but ultimately not the reason for unlife.

High-level members of the calling often retreat from
Sabbat gatherings — the very presence of lesser vampires is
a distraction to their aims. They seek out secluded locales
— often in out-of-the-way parts of Africa and South
America — to set up havens and gather experimental
subjects. They remain "on call" to the sect, but those calls
often go unanswered, much to the anger of the sect's movers
and shakers.

Rumor speaks of a grand laboratory somewhere in the
world. Most rumormongers, knowing Tzimisce territorial-
ity, assume this edifice is somewhere in Eastern Europe or
Russia. A few say the laboratory is deep in the Amazon or
somewhere in the Indonesian archipelago. At any rate, the
facility is said to be a monastic meeting place and haven for
advanced followers. Some of the most alien minds among
vampires go there to escape the wearisome demands of the
Jyhad, and to exchange ideas and experiment on them-
selves and others. This rumor, if true, seems to contradict
the path tenet of "share no knowledge," but practitioners
refuse to enlighten outsiders one way or the other.

Virtues

Followers of the Path of Metamorphosis practice Con-
viction and Instinct.

Common Abilities

Metamorphosis relies on a Cainite's scientific and
medical education. Characters must have good scores in
Academics, Medicine, Occult and Science in order to
understand even a fraction of what goes on around them.
Good amounts of Security are helpful in the modern nights,
both to help keep a codex secure and to help get one's hands
on others' information.

Preferred Disciplines

As discussed previously, Vicissitude is an absolute
requirement of this path. In fact, having it at 4 or higher is
the only way to experience the true glory of Metamorpho-
sis. Animalism and Auspex are too convenient to avoid,
and Fortitude allows a character to survive really gory
attempts at self-modification.

PATH OF NIGHT

Nickname: Nihilists

Among the kine, psychologists, law-enforcement of-
ficers and philosophers argue about the nature of "evil."
Does it exist? Can it be measured? Isn't all action and intent
relative?

The vampires on the Path of Night answered these
questions long ago. Evil exists. It hungers. Vampires, the
Damned, are emissaries and harbingers of Ultimate Evil —
the Abyss, Hell, the dark, all-consuming Void. Only by
accepting their nature and duties as monsters can the
Children of Caine free themselves from the thrall of the
Beast.

Evil, to these creatures, is the embodiment of the forces
that tear at the great order of things. Vampires, as beings
unnaturally suspended between life and death, are the most
unnatural and thus the most evil beings of all. It is their role

(Carrer Turét: PaTis OF ENUGHTENMENT

69


in the system to be the viruses that break everything down.
If the system is strong, it will resist. If not (and it doesn't
seem to be), Cainites will eat it away so that a newer and
perhaps better world can be born. Being evil through and
through, followers of this path would seek to dismantle
even the most exalted of paradises.

This is a lonely and terrible course. Its followers are
among the most Beast-wracked undead in existence; that
within must be truly awful if one must escape it in this
fashion. Vampires dedicated to this way are some of the
most brutal, monstrous, foul beings in existence. Their only
consolation is that they, not some uncontrollable force
within themselves, direct their theater of misery.

Basic BELIEFS

Nihilists filter all their opinions about mortal and
vampiric society through the lens of their perceived duties.
To them, the world isa purgatory and they are Hell's agents
on Earth. Damned by the will of higher and lower powers,
they inflict evil not by choice, but by sacred obligation.

Every thought, word and deed is analyzed for the harm
that it can deliver. They must constantly remember their
duties as satanic pathogens, cancers on the face of the
planet. Only by rigorous focus can they avoid the call of the
Beast — they already commit worse acts than any the Beast
could inspire and they do so for a higher (or lower) purpose.

Interestingly, not all nihilists believe in a Dark Over-
lord, Satan, Beelzebub or Prince of Darkness. Younger ones,
those raised in an age of science, often consider themselves
mere agents of a great void — a malevolent yet empty
nothingness. Their calling is to break down everything,
physically and spiritually. Evil, for them, is nota fiery or icy
Hell inhabited by the souls of the Damned. Evil ultimately
leads to emptiness — a sunless, starless, barren womb
without rebirth.

Some nihilists hope that in pursuing their goals they
will discover peace of a sort. They believe that, in following
their abominable duties to the letter, they will be granted
mercy by some power. These cultists tend to keep such
prayers to themselves lest they be ridiculed by their peers,
but such beliefs are actually pervasive.

Asyss MystIcIsm

Most nihilists are of Clan Lasombra, and most Lasombra
practice their signature Obtenebration Discipline. This
capability lets them conjure and manipulate the stuff of
shadow. Indeed, a cult has grown around the Discipline.
Members, called "Abyss mystics," claim that Obtenebration
in fact allows a practitioner to reach beyond space and time,
into a parallel shadow-dimension.

Mystics teach that the void and the entities within are
shapes predating Creation. When God said, "Let there be
light," it was into the Abyss that His radiance reached. But
He did not create the Abyss itself. It was there before. Thus,
by employing the Abyss, vampires can tap into a power
more ancient and terrible than that of God Himself.

Certainly, the Abyss is not merely a static force. Most
Obtenebration practitioners sense looming "presences" be-
yond. The shadows they call forth display sentience, sometimes
personality and always hunger. Travel through the void, accom-
plished only by powerful Cainites, can be a perilous endeavor.
Occasionally, the Abyss manifests spontaneously around a
careless or powerful user. Unsought things creep through shad-
owy doors into the mortal world, or material creatures or even
places simply disappear.

Formany Lasombra, the Abyss isa tool, albeit a valued one.
There is simply too much to accomplish in the worldly night to
worry about the "cosmic night," too. But nihilists, taken with
the grandeur of the Great Abyss concept, often incorporate its
doctrine into their path teachings. They see the void not as a
mindless dimension, but as the embodiment of evil itself.
Because the Abyss may have existed before God, it is considered
good, not evil. The latter is the fault of the upstart God. By
revering the Abyss, mystics serve and pay homage to the true
source of Creation.

Abyss mystics form a sub-path within the Path of Night.
Though they practice the same teachings and ritae as other
nihilists, they tend to form their own packs and hold their own
rituals, far from the eyes of other Sabbat. Even fellow nihilists
might be shocked at mystics' sacrifices —notdue so much to the
atrocities committed as to the sheer audacity of the tenebrous
forces unleashed. More than one rogue pack has been consumed
outright by the amorphous shapes brought forth.

Recently, with the advent of quantum physics, the old
doctrine of Abyss mysticism has found neonate adherents. More
scientific nihilists, aware of "dark matter," black holes and
similar phenomena turn to ancient Abyssal texts, and wonder.
If the universe is composed largely of dark matter, might the
entire staging ground for the Jyhad be swallowed in an instant?
And might that be a desirable end?

These nihilists occasionally seek out mortal mages, particu-
larly those whose magic leans toward science and technology. In
exchange for services, nihilists learn more and more about the
true nature of the cosmos. It's not an alliance per se, but an
bargaining. These wizards, reviling nihilists as monsters
yet realizing their utility, occasionally let slip more than they
intend. And thus, the power of the cult grows by the year.

unea:

HierRARCH
Moral Guideline

OF SINS
Rating

10

Killing a mortal for food

Acting in the interests of another

Failing to be innovative in your depredations

Asking aid of another
Accidental killing
Bov will

lling

ing to another Kindrex

impassione
another

I

ccepting the superiority of another

Repenting your behavi«

CHAINING THE Beast

10

ETHICS OF THE DATH

© Leave no being untouched by one's taint. All beings must
experience the touch of evil. The weak must be destroyed. The
strong must be destroyed or corrupted. Those too strong or
peripheral to be destroyed or corrupted must at least be scarred
in passing.

Tempt and horrify those around one's self. The weak will fall,
while the strong will be tempered by the test. Vampires, as
creatures of life and death, have been sentas emissaries from the
otherside. Itistheirduty to break down the physicalandspiritual
resolve of all whom they come in contact. Nihilists, however,
recognize that some beings are fated to serve other powers than.
those of evil. If it is clear that a being is as spiritually pure (or
simply different) as the vampire is corrupt, it is partof the natural
order toallow thatbeingto be what itis. Nihilistsare alsosoldiers
of darkness. Just because a foe is respected doesn't mean it can't
be destroyed.

Inspire others to accept their inner darkness. As emissaries,
nihilists are "PR agents" of evil. Every being tumed to its own
darkness is another soldier in the great cosmic struggle between
light and shadow.

Experience every sensation possible, and then some. Just as a
master craftsperson must be familiar with all his tools, so musta
master of evil understand all mediums in which he can work.
Even "good" or"pure" sensations must beexperienced. Itiseasier
to work against a noble victim when one has knowledge of

nobility, a pure victim when one understands purity, a loving
victim when one understands love.

© Death isa means, not an end. A vampire has died, true, but has
not experienced the entirety of what lies beyond death. It is not
one's place to meddle with the planes beyond. If it were, a
vampire would not have been sent back to the living world.
Since it is one's lot to scourge this world, not the next, victims
must bekeptinavampire'ssphere of influenceaslongas possible.
A dead victim is beyond one's reach. A living victim may
experience evil in all its manifestations.
Vampires, as souls damned by God, fulfill their purpose by
preyingon mortals. Few thingsare more horrifying than the idea
of being eaten. For this reason alone, vampires must prey on
mortals. Though the undead must spread as much evil as
possible in the living world, it is sometimes their duty to act as
shepherds, sending a soul to its final reward (or preferably to
perdition).

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

This path was developed primarily by Lasombra, but vam-
pires of all clans are attracted to its tenets. The following
promises power, a commodity that all Children of Caine desire.

Despite the name they've acquired, devotees aren't truly
nihilistic. This path attracts vampires who care deeply about
questions of morality, and who strongly espouse the power of
"evil." Whatever else they are or aren't, indifference isnot one
of their qualities. They see the world asa battleground between

rarer TuRée: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

11


good and evil. Having been anointed by the forces of darkness,
they throw themselves into their roles with rabid zealotry.

Usually alienated in both mortal and Kindred exist-
ence, nihilists find self-worth in accepting and trumpeting
their damnation. They are dark messengers, heralds of Hell,
the black messiahs... anything that sounds impressive,
dangerous and "e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-evil."

Accordingly, many nihilists affect outward poses to
accentuate their "darkness within." Freakish fashion and
unlifestyle choices predominate. They seek to intimidate,
shock, unnerve and above all be noticed. Black clothing
and contemporary (don't you dare say "trendy"!) "freak"
accouterments and symbology mark path members.

All these trappings, of course, hide rampant insecurity;
few nihilists have very high Social Attributes. This path
has been called a "desperate" one, and a cursory inspection
of its followers reveals some of the scars of that tension.
Bitter, fearful and incapable of peace, they finally accept
their own terror and pain as the only forces they can
understand. Little wonder that many Lasombra view nihil-
ists with the contempt they'd reserve for dogs — feral dogs,
rabid dogs, dogs best handled cautiously and at a distance,
but dogs nonetheless.

Some nihilists progress past this point, though, and are
"satanic majesties," indeed. The thought of a "mature
monster" is scary in its implications. Nihilists with high
levels in the path look their beasts right in the eye and do
them one better. They make no excuses or rationalizations
for their atrocities, but carry them out with dutiful, me-
chanical precision. Committing evil isn't a way to lash out
or strike back, it's a job description, one they perform as
implacably and mercilessly as a predator shark.

"Know thine enemy" isamong members' mantras. Like
most extremists, followers of the Path of Night place as
much focus on their sworn foes, the forces of good, as they
do on themselves. Many nihilists have vast knowledge of
and contacts in churches, nonprofit organizations, philan-
thropic institutions, scholarship funds and other charitable
works. Thus, they can act with surprising efficiency to
thwart the best efforts of the "better half."

Interestingly, the path is not nearly so monolithic as
one would think with regard to its beliefs. Two primary
sub-sects exist.

THe WORLD MaGcots

The World Maggots believe that evil should stay
hidden as long as possible. Pointing to corporate scandals,
government conspiracies and monstrous atrocities com-
mitted by "respectable" citizens, they argue that subversive,
"wolf-in-sheep's-clothing" wickedness has the potential to
do far more damage than in-your-face monstrousness. Sim-
ply put, a murderer, thief or child molester who's never
caught can commit more crimes than one who is caught. A
fraudulent executive who rises to CEO can do more damage
than one who's shut down at the assistant VP level. After
all, the Maggots argue, vampires live forever. Why expose
one's plots immediately when one can nurture them for
centuries, like gardens of dark fruit?

In keeping with their nature as deceivers, World Mag-
gots often pose as vampires of other sorts, infiltrating
Camarilla and Sabbat alike. Once ensconced within a sect,
these nihilists foster ill-considered aggression, internecine
feuds and simple poor planning, with potentially horrific
results for undead and kine alike.

Other World Maggots set up shop in particular com-
munities — suburbs or towns. Over generations, they
commit horrors, foster familial hate, spawn crime and
corruption, and destroy industry — all the while posing as
respectable citizens or remaining entirely hidden. Eventu-
ally, the entire community is a degenerate, spiritually void
shell of its former self.

THe BLACK ANGELS

Conversely, the Black Angel division of the path is
dedicated to promulgating open, symbolic evil. Black An-
gels are monsters through and through, and they stop at
nothing to foster as overt grotesquerie and revulsion as
possible. Freakish body modifications, bloodbaths in the
streets, shrieking satanic death-metal bands, genocidal
Third World regimes, mindlessly gory video games, and
cacophonous cries define them. Black Angels aren't inter-
ested in subtlety. One Sabbat archbishop derisively referred
to themas "Marilyn Manson vampires." If the Black Angels
had their way, the world would resemble a Slayer album
cover even more than it already does.

Black Angels aren't stupid or suicidal, merely direct.
They don't mind sneakiness and stealth. They simply want
a big payoff in the form of overt, blatant destruction and
pain. Nosferatu antitribu, with their love of the grotesque,
often become Black Angels. In the cult's worldview, every-
thing that is ugly, heinous, horrific, vile and painful leeches
Cainite and kine spirits that much more.

Taking the same example of the murderer, thief or
child molester, above, the Angels argue that while he
remains free, he's just a criminal. Once his evil is exposed
to the world, he becomes the icon of a dark mythology.
Charles Manson, for example, underwent a metamorphosis
from the hick guru of a few loser hippies to a cult figure for
millions of alienated youth. In the process, he destroyed
much of the goodwill that the countercultural movement
had fostered, and negated much that was potentially good
about their values and goals. In captivity, he became a far
stronger figure of menace and terror than he was while free.

History

Night supporters say their path has existed since the
Fall, and that Caine or Lilith was the first member. Most
tales of Caine's early exile refer to Nod as a "land of eternal
darkness," after all, and similar stories suggest that he found
Lilith already waiting there. Other vampires scoff at this
claim, probably justifiably. The rudiments of the path likely
lie in Persia, with the rise of monotheistic faiths such as
Zoroastrianism. Records indicate the presence of "angels of
Ahriman" who might well be early practitioners of this
path, or a precursor thereof.

CHAINING THE Beast

n

Certainly by the time of Christ the following existed
and its adherents were known among the Cainites of
southern Europe and the Near East. Even among pagan
cultures, supporters represented themselves as emissaries of
nether and demonic powers — dark deities or the children
of titans. By varying turns, members of this path claimed to
speak with the voice of Pluto, Saturn, Nyx and Elder Chaos.

But it was with the rise of Judeo-Christianity that
advocates came into their own. That collective religious
emphasis on the world as a struggle between primordial
good and evil meshed perfectly with the Cainites' own
monstrous nature. To make the philosophical leap between
the undead and ultimate evil was simple enough, particu-
larly for those whose mastery of darkness transcended even
other vampires'.

This path, though open to any creature depraved
enough to walk it, was the peculiar province of the Lasombra.
Fragmentary records dating from the age of the Apostles
hint at an uneasy minuet between the nihilists, the elder
Lasombra of the age (including the childer of the still-
extant Antediluvian), and the early Church.

Still, Lasombra nihilists are unique in their reverence
for the dead Antediluvian. This respect is not doctrinal, but
simply a folk legend of sorts. Nihilist Lasombra occasionally
claim that their clan founder allowed himself to be sacri-
ficed to his childer in a mocking parody of the Crucifixion.
Inthis way, the Antediluvian took the mantle of Antichrist
and descended into Hellas its lord and master. At the heart
of the void, these Lasombra claim, the eldest is now the
keeper of all evil souls and the master of all vampiric beasts.
And on the night of Gehenna, he will rise from the Pit to
wreak vengeance on his unfaithful childer.

Though few among even the Children of Caine were
around to remember, nihilists claim their path influenced
the rise of Christianity over Mithraism in the Roman Em-
pire. Far more opportunities lay in the Christian faith, these
elders say. To this night, adherents seem unusually, danger-
ously attracted to the Church. They flirt with the faithful
who can potentially send them screaming into remorseful
madness, merely to test their own capacity for iniquity.

During the Middle Ages, nihilists fostered the spread
of devil worship, tutoring (well, duping) would-be witches
and warlocks, then sending their pawns out to foment evil
for its own sake. The monsters on the Devil's Road solidi-
fied their beliefs in their own unholiness.

Perhaps these excesses led to the rise of the Inquisition.
Certainly, the arrogant nihilists proved some of the most
visible targets, and though the Inquisition far exceeded its
bounds, it did rid the night of many a nest of evil.

Driven into hiding like the rest of the Kindred, nihil-
ists lay low out of sheer necessity. About that time, the fall
of the Lasombra Antediluvian led to the rise of the afore-
mentioned Antichrist myth, and some covens of nihilists
espoused apocalyptic principles. Though abhorred by the
founders of both sects, it is thought that hidden nihilists
influenced the creation of both. Two vampiric sects meant
double the amount of potential damage that could be

inflicted on the world. And if the two sides warred, why,
there might be no end to the carnage. At least, that's what
some nihilists want other Cainites to believe.

In reality, the history of the nihilists since the early
Renaissance has been coterminous with the history of the
world. Where there is evil, the followers of the path batten
and parasitize. They are not so creative as they think. While
they certainly fanned the flames of New World genocide and
Old World holocaust, African Diaspora and industrial cal-
lousness, they created none of those things. By and large,
nihilists act alone or in small bands, ever skulking on the
fringes of the great sects lest they be uprooted and destroyed.

Still, the past two centuries have proved fruitful and
followers of the Path of Night hope the 21st century will be
the richest prize yet — the last great revel before the
impending Gehenna.

FOLLOWING THE PATH

There is no "one true way" to practice this path's
tenets. It is ultimately utilitarian. Whatever works, works.
At heart, each nihilist must do evil as he sees fit. Were he
to follow an inherited scheme of indulgences, they would
quickly cease to be really evil and would become mundane
transgressions.

Most high-ranked path followers seek to cultivate evil as
a principle rather than as mindless carnage. In other words,
evil must be proved to be inevitable, a natural outgrowth and
end of the cosmic cycle. It must be shown to be an inherent
part of the world rather than an aberration. Anyone can
write off a serial killer or genocidal dictator as a monster, a
freak. That's too easy. To demonstrate true mastery, a path
follower must show that evil is mundane, within all beings.

Simply put, followers of the path are forces that eat
away at the integrity of the natural order. More than
provoke entropy, practitioners malevolently seek to break
down the balance of things, to exceed and shatter bound-
aries of flesh, mind and spirit, and to force others to join in.

And it's believed best to create evil from a perversion
of good. It's fine to use a weapon of war to inflict destruction
ona community, but it's better to cause a power plant —a
force of civilization and progress — to break down and
inflict the same result. In such a way, people come to
understand that everything they create for a noble purpose
can ultimately cause harm and misery.

Another classic "object lesson" is the "getting what
you wished for" effect. An example of this is a nihilist who
rewards a poor but honest worker with vast wealth, only to
watch him turn into the selfsame industrialist tyrant he
formerly despised, and to proceed to inflict misery on others
like his former self.

Nothing earns a follower more respect than setting two
well-meaning forces or persons against each other with de-
structive results. A nihilist might exacerbate tensions between
acompany's creative visionary (who wants to create new and
wonderful advances in products orservices) and that company's
cautious CEO (who wants to ensure the company's solvency).

Carrer Taree: Pamis OF ENUGHTENMENT

2B

The end result might be the needless dissolution of the
company and the laying off of hundreds of employees.

Still, mindless rampaging destruction has its place,
particularly among less advanced path attendants. One must
understand the "how" before the "why," and atrocity for its
own sake is indulged... to a point.

Virtues

Followers of the Path of Night practice Conviction
and Instinct.

Common Abilities

Characters on this path specialize in Abilities that
allow them to bring woe to others and that corrupt the
natural order. Brawl and Intimidation allow them to abuse
others with impunity, while Finance and Law help them
bring down complex social systems from within.

Preferred Disciplines

This path's association with the Lasombra leads most
to learn Obtenebration as early as they can. Their interest
in corrupting others' activities and sowing distrust makes
Dominate and Dementation both attractive, as well.

PATH OFORION

Nickname: Stalkers

BASIC BELIEFS

Vampires, at their core, are hunters. Predators. But in the
modem nights, they often accept the roles of scavengers, preying
on mortal society's castoffs. Rather than relishing in their
glorious destiny at the apex of the food chain, they can cling to
the tatters of their former lives or lose themselves to frenzy.

Most Sabbat vampires consider such debasement pathetic.
They loathe their own kind who do not stand up and seize their
deathright. For vampires on the Path of Orion, Humanity and
the Beastalike are the greatest offenses to the Children of Caine.
Both are impediments to a Cainite's understanding of her
destiny and place in the natural order. Thespeciesasa whole will
progress, they say, only when those who lose their intellect to
passion are wiped from the ranks of the undead. It is the stalkers'
holy crusade to be the instrument of purification, and to test the
extremes of their own capabilities.

Followers of Orion are the hunters of hunters, the kings of
predators. Forthem, unlife itself isa greatsafari,amythic journey
into the wilds of the unknown. By confronting and destroying
the Beast in other Cainites, stalkers hope to confront and quell
the creature within themselves. By facing and destroying vam-
pires who cling to the weakness of their Humanity, they seek to
overcome their distractions of nostalgia and sympathy.

Sometimesacting in packs, sometimesalone, stalkersstand
slightly apart from the ranks of the Sabbat, even as they protect
thesect. They must be ever vigilantagainst the human or Bestial
taint that can bring down the most perfectly evolved predatory
species on Earth. It is not only the Beast within that must be
overcome, but the Beasts that reside in the souls of all vampires.

CHAINING THE Beast

m4

Hera
Rating Moral Guideline
10 Failir
9 Failing to hunt Lupines
childe

Failing to hunt a more powerful fox

JOF SINS.

huntat whelmingly powerful foc

Siring an unworth

Failing to hunt a high-Humanity (8+) Cainite

Failing to hunt a Beast-ridden ¢
Failing

All

1inite

to hunt a vampire in Golconda

ving fren lea

ing cowardice

Hunting only beings weaker than yourself

ETHICS OF THE DATH

© The vampiric species is the height of evolution — it
should always be strengthened, never weakened. While
stalkers accept that vampires have weaknesses and pen-
chants, qualities such as compassion and the Beast are
akin to an appendix — parts of one's self that should
atrophy from disuse. Their urges must be suppressed in
one's self and others. Vampires who have been poisoned
by either "humor" must be corrected or destroyed for the
good ofall. Likewise, vampires who display weakness (not
cunning or the ability to dissemble, but genuine failing)
should meet Final Death.
Those who have fallen to the Beast are atavisms and must
be eliminated. These undead are threats to Cainites as a
whole. They are as feral and dangerous as any predator,
but they are out of control, like rabid dogs. They must be
put down for the good of the species.
The mark of the ideal predator is its capacity to conduct
the perfect hunt. Vampires are much more than killers,
but hunters first and foremost. One's skills can be honed
on the streets, in clubs or in high society, and are always
foremost on the mind of the perfect stalker.

© The Beast is a guide and tool, not a master. It is useful to
a point; it would not be part of vampiric makeup if it
weren't. The mark of a true vampire is one's capacity to
leash the Beast, drawing on its strength without letting it
run rampant. The Animalism Discipline is therefore
prized among path followers.
Vampires who seek to retain ties to their past morality —
or worse, who seek Golconda — are deluded and must be
shown the error of their ways or be destroyed. Golconda
is not only a myth, it is a fatal distraction. It keeps a
vampire focused on ideals directly counter to those in his
best interests — survival, strength and power.
Do not sire needlessly. Vampires are a species in transi-
tion. Best not to Embrace many before the Beast has been
thoroughly purged.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

A marginal calling among the Sabbat, the Path of Orion
appeals to vampires who are alienated loners, even for that
sect. Members find a camaraderie (and Vaulderie) with

similarly minded undead. While both the Path of Honorable
Accord and Path of Orion seek to better the Children of
Caine, stalkers see themselves as lonely outsiders, grim
vigilantes who protect the vampiric race from itself.

Followers come from any clan, but the path has a
natural appeal to Brujah, Nosferatu and Gangrel. Few
Lasombra and Tzimisce assume it, but a fair number of
Panders see the duties of the path as a means to glory and
control. In any event, adherents must be capable fighters
and hunters, capable of acting both alone and in a pack.

The calling is answered primarily by paladins and
templars — path founder Lord Wilkshire is himself a
templar. Few bishops and no archbishops or cardinals
practice it, although some respect its tenets. While a few
stalkers have joined the Black Hand, the Hand considers
them less than reliable — devotees are prone to make
"executive decisions" about choice of targets rather than
obeying orders.

Alternatively, the path has gained status in the Sabbat
Inquisition. To the stalkers, demons are merely another
manifestation of the Beast, or perhaps something even
worse. Lord Wilkshire hasas yet to release an official doctrine
regarding demons, but has acknowledged them as legitimate
targets. Thus, many stalkers serve the Inquisition willingly,
clashing with supporters of Evil Revelations in the proce:

While path followers seek to correct the behavior of
the most extreme "deviants" among vampires, they do not
do much to recruit new members. Most Sabbat paths are
recognized as legitimate expressions of the vampiric condi-
tion so should not be winnowed, and it's understood that
not all vampires are cut out for a stalkers' existence. A sire
whose childe displays aptitude for another path should let
the neonate go with her blessing.

Stalkers are viewed with suspicion by many Sabbat,
particularly by young or degenerate ones (those with low
path scores). Stalkers act as "white blood cells," against other
vampires who have succumbed to the Beast, and these
weaklings can take steps to discredit or harm the judges.

History

The Path of Orion is a relatively recent innovation,

with few adherents. It has its roots in other paths such as
Honorable Accord, Harmony and Power and the Inner
Voice. While some Cainite historians claim to find traces
of its existence during the Sabbat-Camarilla wars of the
17th century, its first known practitioner and guru was the
Brujah antitribu Lord Aaron Wesley Wilkshire, also called
the Silver Death for his practice of hunting Lupines.

The mortal Wilkshire, a member of the British peerage
at the height of the Victorian era, was renowned for his skill
at the hunt. He routinely undertook the most dangerous of
safaris into the darkest depths of Africa and Asia. At home,
the lord was equally reviled as a monied, violent, drunken,
blaspheming, fornicating brute without character or scruples,
the antithesis of the genteel English aristocrat. Only his
lineage kept him out of jail for various assault- and liquor-
related offenses at taverns, gambling dens, brothels and

Carrer THree: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

ik)


other places of ill repute. Some have said that Stevenson's
description of Edward Hyde was modeled on his passing
acquaintance with Wilkshire. In any event, the lord em-
bodied all the ignoble qualities of the literary character. He
was truly happy, truly at peace, when stalking lions in the
African veldt or tigers in the bamboo forests of the Raj.

Like many Brujah, Wilkshire had a strong, nearly
uncontrollable Beast. Unlike many Brujah — and surpris-
ingly, given his temperamental nature— he was profoundly
disturbed by this sway held over him. He was no stranger to
brutality or cruelty, particularly after his Embrace, but he
preferred to be the one directing the carnage, not the other
way around. Thus, he threw himself into the study of the
Sabbat paths with a diligence heretofore unknown for the
impulsive ne'er-do-well.

He dabbled in Honorable Accord and Power and the
Inner Voice the way others flip through a book. Nothing fit.
He could not stomach the regimens of the knights, being
too much like the stuffy ways of the peerage from his mortal
life. He shared the Path of Powerand the Inner Voice's love
of challenge, but the philosophy was too calculating, too
tradesman-like for his savage soul. Conversely, the Path of
Harmony was too animalistic and primitive — he hunted
game, he didn't run with them. While he reveled in the
pleasures common to the Cathari, he considered them
diversions, not sacred rituals. And all the while, he could
hear the Beast howling as his fleeting hold on Humanity
slipped away. Finally, despairing of his miserable soul,
Wilkshire hurled himself into the Lupine-haunted wilds of
Central Asia. No one expected to see him again.

He returned years later, noticeably calmer, bearing
several Lupine pelts and a philosophy.

Darwin had recently claimed that man was descended
from animals, and Wilkshire agreed. The Sabbat claimed
that vampires were superior to kine and again, Wilkshire
concurred. Rather than perceive the categories of animal,
kine and Cainite as separate, distinct types, however,
Wilkshire concluded that he held all these elements within
him.

As Darwin implied, the natural order was in a continu-
ous state of evolution. The Children of Caine were a race
not in decline, but in dawning. Until such time that all
vampires tamed their bestial and human sides, however,
they would never truly know what it meant to be Children
of Caine. Wilkshire had experienced great trials and rev-
elations in the wilds of Turkestan; he had burned away his
remnants of man and caged his Beast. In order for vampires
to survive and prosper as a race, he believed they would
have to do the same.

One must select the fittest among the race of vampires,
Wilkshire said, and the first task of doing so is to purify and
purge one's own species. Since the vampire is a hunter, he
must hunt. The hunt provides a natural spiritual cleansing.
In external tracking, stalking and feeding, a vampire may
undergo a spiritual evolution of quest, trial and reward. But
vampires should not stalk just any prey. There are two
"questing beasts" for which to be alert.

The Beast seeks to make one an animal, and if one
succumbs, he must prepare to be hunted. Therefore,
Wilkshire vowed to pursue those Cainites who fell to their
own souls and the souls of the Damned race. And yet, since
mortals are Cainites' chosen prey, those vampires who
retain too much of their kine nature must also be brought
down. They have chosen to be gazelles rather than lions
and they must not be allowed to weaken the spirit of the
predators around them.

Wilkshire went back to serving the sect and made little
attempt to recruit followers. But a few vampires found
wisdom in what he said. Soon, there were enough Sabbat
on his path that it acquired a name — Orion, after the
mythic hunter.

Since its inception, the calling has had a short but
bloody and glorious history. Followers boldly lend their
strength to sieges and war parties. At least three Methuselahs
have fallen under their fangs, one reputed to be a member
of the secretive Inconnu. Although distrusted as a "cult" by
some Sabbat, members' irrefutable service in purging the
sect of threats within and without has won thema reluctant
acceptance among Sabbat leaders.

Lord Wilkshire still exists. A templar, he wanders from
pack to pack, domain to domain, enacting the will of the
sect's cardinals. He is the prophet and guru of all stalkers,
although Sabbat of greater standing still command him and
his followers. As a founder of his own faith, Wilkshire has
considerable prestige and influence.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

Followers of the Path of Orion are found almost exclu-
sively in the Sabbat. They are templars and paladins and
readily participate in war parties. Sometimes they receive
"special dispensation" to carry out solitary, extended (decades-
long) hunts of particularly dangerous enemies of the sect.

This is not to say that the hunt occupies all of a
follower's nights. A vampire must improve himself in all
aspects of undead existence. As Sabbat, stalkers participate
in Vaulderie, torture, revelry and ritae. They are among the
most devout foes of the Camarilla; members of which they
consider mewling cowards nostalgic for their breathing
days.

During sieges, stalkers have a secondary role: "Talking
down" fellow Sabbat who lose themselves to frenzy. Be-
cause they are good at controlling their own Beast and often
have Animalism, stalkers stay close to frenzy-prone war-
tiors, making sure these vampires direct their rages
appropriately and "snapping them out of it" (preferably by
nonviolent means, but whatever works) if the berserkers
spin completely out of control.

Stalkers are sometimes chosen to stage assassination
attempts against powerful Camarilla figures. They tend to
accomplish such efforts through stealth rather than espio-
nage. Ironically, their rejection of all things human makes
it difficult for them to blend in with Humanity-retaining
Kindred.

Itshould be noted that the teachings of the path — that
vampires are in a state of evolution — runs counter to both

CCHAINING THE Beast

16


the beliefs of most other Cainites, and to what might seem
self-evident. Namely, that the eldest vampires, those em-
braced long ago, tend to be the most powerful and strongest
of blood, not weaker than those who have been created at a
"higher" point of evolution. To this, stalkers reply that given
the scarcity of vampiric blood, elders have simply had time
to hoard it. Even elders who do not deserve their continued
existence may carry on if they're duplicitous enough.

This state the stalkers seek to amend. Like most Sabbat,
they are rabid diablerists. Hunting and killing elders "unfit"
to carry the blood is nearly as holy a tenet as hunting and
killing the spiritually imperfect. The latter supersedes stalk-
ers' drive for diablerie — they are mandated to destroy a
Beast-ridden neonate over a more tempting elder — but
they are otherwise free to indulge in the Amaranth.
Wilkshire himself has fed twice on the blood of powerful
elders, and intends to do so again.

Most stalkers have some degree of capability to survive
in the wild, so they often agree to quests and missions into
rural and unknown territory. They occasionally act as
advance scouts in Lupine country. Werewolves can be as
prized as trophies as bestial vampires, if not more so.

Once every decade, all path followers who can spare
themselves assemble at a hidden location. There, under the
eye of Lord Wilkshire, they hold a great and bloody revel,
featuring dangerous ritae and ritual hunts of armed human
prey. At the end of celebrations, Lord Wilkshire decrees a
"wild hunt" for a particularly dangerous Kindred target —
usually a vampire said to be in Golconda or an especially
savage Beast-ridden creature. The practitioner who can
bring down this target within the next year gains prestige
and bragging rights among his fellows.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

The hunt is everything for those on the Path of Orion.
Their unlives focus on tracking the most dangerous game
— vampires of either very low or very high Humanity,
Lupines and similar prey. The hunt is not always a physical
challenge, however. It can involve decades of subterfuge
and infiltration as easily as a crazed chase down back alleys.
No matter its form, a pursuit must be maintained single-
mindedly. By focusing on the task at hand, a follower can
drown out the call of both the Beast and memories of life.

While most stalkers are Sabbat, the path is very selec-
tive about siring. In this sense, adherents employ something
akin to the traditional Camarilla model of pursuing, Em-
bracing and nurturing a childe. It is important that a
creation be a credit to the vampiric race, and a path
follower who sires poorly loses respect among peers. Lord
Wilkshire himself spent three decades tracking and elimi-
nating one of his own childer who'd dared to stray from the
path in favor of Golconda.

Some Sabbat simply come to the path. Those who do
are typically targets of suspicion among their old packmates.
The path is relatively new, poorly understood, and its
followers are sometimes branded fanatics more interested

LorpD AARON WESLEY WILHSHIRE,
THE SILVER DEATH

Because the founder of the Path of Orion is an: active |
member of the Sabbar, and "only" an ancilla, characters might
have more direct dealings with him than with the hoarier
members of other paths. Characters who answer Wilkshire's
call, given their "survival of the fittest" mentality, could end up |
allies or targets of the templar. (Note that Wilkshire himselfhas
onlya9 ratingin the path. It's possible that a Cainite of superior |
focus and merit could supplant him as visionary of the path.)

Wilkshire earned his sobriquet by hunting Lupines. Char- |
acters ina Werewolf: The Apocalypse game might run afoul
ofthim as well. y

Clan: Brujah antirribu

Generation: 7th (originally 9th)

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Bravo

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6, Percep- _
tion 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3, Charisma 2, Manipulation 4,
Appearance |

Abilities: Alertness 5, Animal Ken 3, Athletics 3, Brawl
5, Dodge 4, Firearms 6, Intimidation 5, Leadership 3, Linguistics
2, Melee 4, Occult 4, Science 3, Stealth 6, Survival 6

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 1, Celerity 5, Obfus-
cate 3, Presence 5, Potence 5

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Status (Sabbat) 4

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 5, Courage 5

Path of Orion 9

Willpower 8

Carver THréé: PATHS OF ENUGHTENMENT

1


in personal visionquests than in the good of the sect. Orion
is therefore most popularamong loner and nomadic Sabbat.

To progress as a stalker, one must understand the hunt
not only in the physical sense, but in the emotional and
spiritual sense. Predation is a metaphor for all of existence.
As one enters the unknown night in search of victims, he
undergoes the hero's journey for spiritual purity. He leaves
the boundaries of the known world behind.

All features of a hunt have mythic resonance. A
vampire must stay alert for the smallest signs, portents or
chance meetings. Each outing has a lesson to teach, and as
a follower accepts increasingly challenging quests, deeper
insights are gained.

Beyond hunting, a vampire must remain alert for
dangerous lapses among his own sectmates. Wilkshire warns
disciples to be cautious and subtle in dealing with others.
Stalkers are not, nor do they wish to be, perceived as crazed
cultists or Inquisitors who accuse everyone of "sin." Only
when they're sure a vampire has degenerated to the point
that the sect and species is in danger do they act — swiftly,
surely and mercilessly. They've proved correct frequently
enough that most archbishops grudgingly give them leeway
to conduct such purges.

Virtues

Followers of the Path of Orion practice Conviction
and Instinct.

Common Abilities

Nearly every Ability in the Talent column is of some
use to a follower of this path. In the modern nights,
Firearms, Stealth and Survival also rank up there. Those
rare modernist stalkers who track their quarries electroni-
cally might get more use out of Computer, Finance and
Investigation than Wilkshire and his cronies do.

Preferred Disciplines

Animalism is of paramount importance to stalkers who
participate in Sabbat war parties. Auspex and Protean rank
similarly. And although most followers of the Path of Orion
would prefer that they never get into an actual fight
(making a perfect kill, instead), Celerity is valuable when
things go wrong.

ATH OF PARADOX
MAvapARISATAYA)

Nickname: Shilmulo or Rakshasas

Its name was Ravnos — maybe. It is said that he (she?)
had 10 heads, 20 arms, and eyes that burned of fire. One
thing is certain: He was the king of the rakshasas. Within
his ancient kingdom of Lanka, he slept. From the forests of
that tainted land to the vastness of the sub-continent, in
and beyond the world, his dreams commanded his children.
They say he was the thrice born, the guardian of the place
between places, and his third death would allow him to
walk again among the asuras of Heaven.

When Ravnos was born, the heavens screamed. Every
other child born that day died, and every mother wept. His

mother was a demon, his father a fallen saint. For a long
time, Ravnos was an ascetic. He prayed for salvation on
mountaintops, but was not given godhood. Instead, he
received invulnerability and power over dreams, fire and
shapechanging. He could take the form of a corpse, rock,
monster or fire from above. He made Lanka his home and
filled it with a harem of captured women, food for his lust
and hunger.

Some of his victims he made rakshasas. Others, he ate.
But ultimately he became a lord of demons, of pale thieves
of the forest who stole children, lives, blood and souls.
Eventually, Ravnos fell into slumber, the death-slumber of
the ancient Damned. But his children continued. These
demons ruled India and beyond for an age.

Some small number of the demons left the domain of
their king and wandered the world. In time, they changed
subtly, no longer the creatures of the woodland night. They
forgot Ravnos'' terrible rites of torture, cannibalism and fire.
The wanderers — whom westerners would later call "vam-
pires" — took their pleasure among wandering tribes of
mortals. The elder ancestors of these Ravnos had little
interest or pity in the lessers' mortal companions, and
hunted down their errant childer over the course of de-
cades. Some of the Ravnos' mortal companions, including
the Romany, thought themselves to be capable of confront-
ing and defeating the ancient monsters from Lanka. Most
of them were wrong, but the fates of the survivors were
forever entwined with the undead among them.

The eldest children of Ravnos sat in their torture pits
and sacrifice gardens, dealing with spirits of death and the
servants of the Yama Kings. Sometimes they reached out to
the wandering prodigals, tempting them with vile deals.
Sometimes the prodigals succumbed. But these masters
passed in the end, too, with no trace of their existence save
for a philosophy.

BAsiIc BELI€FS

The Mayaparisataya Dharma is known as the Path of
Paradox by westerners and outsiders, because at its heart it
asks adherents to accept several inherently paradoxical
arguments:

The elder children of Ravnos bring horrific pain and
suffering and are an instrument of God's grace.

The path offers hope for enlightenment and awareness
beyond the illusion that is the world, but demands that an
adherent understand and totally accept that illusion.

Vampirism is a curse; vampirism is a gift.

Followers of this path say: Within paradox, one finds
definition. By accepting two contradictory truths, one can
glimpse a greater reality.

According to Paradox, all vampires are locked outside
the Great Cycle, the Samsara. Vampires, undead immortal
things, are denied the correct way, the cycle of life and
reincarnation. They have lost their karma and are forever
separate from the proper laws of existence. Yet each vam-
pire has a destiny and a purpose in the Great Cycle. What
that purpose may be depends on the creature in question.

HAINING THE BEAST


To understand destiny, one must contemplate the
falsehood of the world. This illusion, which the ancients
called Maya, is powerful and complex. Everything the
senses may define, everything considered "of this world" is
an illusion. The higher truths of a greater reality are hidden
in the subtlest and least obvious parts of Maya. Since the
illusion only masks the real world, the broken parts of the
illusion — paradoxes and inconsistencies — must reveal
the truth beyond. By seeking incongruities to properly
understand the illusion, a vampire can attempt to grasp at
a perfect state, one that balances the Beast with the soul,
and thus approach Golconda. By meditating on this des-
tiny, a vampire learns his purpose in unlife, his svadharma.

Once a vampire has discovered his svadharma, he must
dedicate his existence to that purpose. A Cainite's svadharma
can take many forms — one rakshasa might be driven to
catalog all the stars in the sky, while another might find
that her fate is to destroy all of her mortal descendants, only
to be destroyed at the hands of the last of them. Others
might learn less of their own specific destiny, perhaps being
confronted with riddles or being shown archetypal roles
that they might play, instead.

Dedication to a svadharma is not passive. It's not
enough to merely know what is required. One must do what
is required by destiny. Vampires who see their fate asa series
of tasks might have a clear course before them. Those who
learn their destiny in the form of a riddle or mythical
archetype often wander for years, trying to find a means to
enlightenment hidden within Maya itself. A vampire must
beware adopting another's destiny; the followers of this
path value freedom. A shilmulo might learn from an older or
wiser vampire, but she must not follow in his footsteps for
too long lest her own goal be obscured.

Once a Cainite takes to this path, the only law that
binds her is her own fate. Each calling is unique, but many
on this path choose to become teachers. Some become
crusaders, seeking to tear away the veil of ignorance from
fellow vampires. And some crusaders grow weary of at-
tempting to instruct others, seeking to inflict that simplest
destiny — Final Death.

Followers of this path understand that they are
rakshasas, the demonic wanderers of the night from Indian
legend. They grasp that their karma is lost and that they are
cursed monsters, but through their curse they become
agents of destiny. By being monsters, revealing others' fate
and enforcing it, the rakshasas fulfill their own purpose.
Adherents know that there is no point in pretending to be
other than monsters.

The Raynos Antediluvian understood the pre-
cepts of this path. Certain of his childer recorded
them in defiance of his will. Followers teach that
Ravnos was both saint and demon, a living metaphor
of the universe. A terrible, hungry thing of death and
destruction, yet a source of wisdom. Some say Ravnos
suffered and gave up his karma, his humanity and his
soul so that his children could regain a little of their
own. Now that the Ancient is destroyed, the time has
come for those who were spared during the Week of

Carrer Tree: PaTis OF ENUGHTENMENT
19


Nightmares to judge the unworthy and whisper the
words of their dead god.

This is not a path of goodness or redemption. Follow-
ers consider themselves beyond good and evil, indulging
in murder and cruelty to "awaken" victims to their desti-
nies. The path rewards freedom and indulges the Ravnos
clan curse.

HINDUISM AND THE PATH OF PARADOX

The Path of Paradox has adopted many Hindu prin-
ciples over the years, but the following is not a reflection
of Hindu culture or concepts. Many tenets and teachings
may be attractive to a vampire who was a Hindu in life,
but many lessons are also monstrous and wicked. Hindus
may say that their Sanatana Dharma is one of peace and
compassion. The Mayaparisataya Dharma urges its fol-
lowers to indulge in their inhumanity and to slay others
like themselves. A mortal Hindu presented with Paradox's
code of ethics might think vampires to be hypocritical at
best, blasphemous at worst. In the end, the
Mayaparisataya Dharma is the creation of vampires and
Hinduism is not.

HieRARCHY OF SINS
Rating Moral Guideline
10 Embracing a woman
Embracing outside of the tribe to which you
were born as a mortal
Destroying another on the true path
Killing a mortal for sustenance
Not killing another vampire

Killing

victim':

1 mortal, unless the death fulfill
lestiny
Failure to help fulfill another's destiny

A llowir
the path

sect affairs to take priority over
Becoming blood bound

Embracing needlessly or out of personal desire

ETHICS OF THE DATH

¢ Embrace only when absolutely necessary and then only
from a selected, trusted, mortal family line (be it a
Romany or Bengali dynasty).

Find and interpret the suadharma of others and help them
fulfill it. If they refuse to accept it, force them.

¢ All vampires are unnatural, cursed things.

© Destroy other vampires who do notaccept their svadharma.

© Seek to know the illusion utterly. Experience all it has to
offer. Then and only then may one peel back the illusion
and behold ultimate truth.

* Deception, theft, murder, lies and pain are tools. They
are trappings of the illusion. Do not fear to use them.

ZAPATHUSTRA'S CHILDREN

Many young, western Ravnos believe they have better
things to do than listen to weird Indian claptrap about dead
gods and demon-kings. They understand the Path of Para-

dox and wish to follow its tenets, but they don't want the
hand wringing that goes with it. Such vampires often reject
the mythology of their predecessors. They identify the
Ravnos clan progenitor to be Zapathustra and accuse re-
maining "eastern elders" of infernalism (although these
young vampires are careful to make such accusations when
safe in Sabbat strongholds).

Such "progressive" adherents emphasize concepts of
personal destiny and the undermining of established laws,
which are regarded as barriers to personal destiny. Instead
of discussing "illusory reality," they debate concepts of
chaos theory — that everything is energy until it is defined.
As wielders of "chimerical" powers, these path followers are
close to that energy. By spreading chaos and destruction
(and killing vampires), they believe the energy of the
universe is released.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

The majority ofadherents of the Path of Mayaparisataya
are Ravnos, but that doesn't say much. There are fewer than
100 clanmembers active in the Final Nights. While these
vampires Embrace childer regularly, few neonates have
joined the path since the Week of Nightmares. Hardly 20
vampires practice this faith any longer. Most are ancillae
operating in the Sabbat, or old vampires who survived the
massacres in India.

Vampires of Clan Ravnos are not the only ones who
follow this path, however. A few Indian undead of Clan
Assamite, Ventrue and Toreador answer the call. Their
numbers are even smaller than those of their Ravnos
brethren. Many path members lived in Calcutta and fell in
the Week of Nightmares; the remaining few belong to sects
known as the Brahmanists and Dakini (see State of Grace
for more information on these minor cults).

Legend names the elder Ravnos Brahmaparush and
Gayal. Those two — and their descendants — are the true
predators of the Indian night, reveling in warfare in Sri
Lanka, Kashmir and Gujarat as opportunities to explore
their pleasures. They call themselves "rakshasas" and may
comprise the largest groups of the children of Ravnos.

Rakshasas who leave southern Asia and join with
greater Cainite society find themselves most at home
among the Ravnos antritribu of the Sabbat. Rakshasas
aren't concerned with the race, color or creed of prospec-
tive childer, but they do want descendants to be young,
beautiful and amoral. They believe that their Embrace
changes a subject completely, wiping away any last traces of
humanity and morality.

Utterly decadent and utterly corrupt, the rakshasas
believe they still rule the Indian hinterlands (although
myriad forces oppose them, including Cathayan vampires,
Indian wizards and tiger shapeshifters). And despite the
decimating effects of the Week of Nightmares, some Ravnos
claim that a few elders (reports vary as to which) still sleep
beneath the earth, guiding followers of the path through
dreams.

CHAINING THe Beast

80


The Saints: There are only a handful of these Cainites
alive in the Final Nights. They are not a formal group and
have no recognized hierarchy; this title is simply applied to
individuals by other path followers. Saints are Ravnos
followers of the Path of Paradox who have achieved their
destinies and reached a state of "Holy Balance" (they
approach Golconda or something like it). Not all "saints"
have reached Golconda, but those who are given this title
are known to be wise and insightful. The so-called False
Prophet, a western half-Gypsy Ravnos named Paul Forrest,
has another spirit coiled around his heart, a spirit that is
incredibly knowledgeable about the Path of Mayaparisataya,
but whose messages are not what other Ravnos want to
hear. For more on Forrest, see p. XX.

The Saddhu: Paradox's teachers, these few Ravnos are
all members of the Sabbat. Other adherents consider them
less enlightened than saints, but more comprehensible and
therefore better instructors. The Saddhu take Paradox's
ideals of freedom and morality to heart. Now that the
Ravnos Antediluvian is dead, the priests claim, the clan
may step forth to lead the Sabbat against the other founders.
The Saddhu seek to convert solitary Ravnos to both the
Sabbat and the Path of Paradox. They have worked hard
since the Week of Nightmares, learning all they can about
the fall of the Antediluvian, and accounting for surviving
clan members. Those they cannot convert, they ignore —
there are too few Ravnos left to kill every trickster who
turns her face from the truth. These holy men particularly
seek to convert peers who function as pack priests (or those
further up the hierarchy) in the Sabbat. By spreading the
path amongst such influential Ravnos, they hope to make
Mayaparisataya a dominant movement throughout the
sect. Several Saddhu make their homes in Mexico City, and
others lurk in the Middle East. Each hopes to find like-
minded Cainites among the clusters of vampires in those
areas.

Saddhu are skilled blood magicians. Such characters
can be created using the Indian blood-magic rules in Blood
Sacrifice. Their power is nothing compared to the magic of
Ravnos elders who still dwell in India, but they have a
critical edge over western contemporaries.

History

The rakshasas ruled the forests and hills of prehistoric
India. Those creatures, cannibals and soul-stealers, haunted
the nights of the cultures that arose in that land. For
millennia, the monsters warred with mortal heroes and the
magicians of the Tal'mahe'ra, carving out domains of flesh
and spirit.

Stories tell of terrible rites that split the sky, as children
and innocents fueled spirit fires. Others describe awful
beings — devils, demons and worse — conjured from utter
darkness. The domain of Ravnos, the stories say, was the
domain of evil.

Over the World Mountains, the Ten Thousand Im-
mortals watched and saw the Kings of Hell, their eternal
enemies, grow powerful and extend vile talons across the
mountains. The rakshasas, with their love for debauchery

and the fiery rites of damnation, allied with the Kings of
Hell. The immortals thus took up arms against the rakshasas.

They warred for decades — but they also traded,
intrigued and parleyed. As they did so, the Cathayans'
paths of morality and insight echoed among the rakshasas
(and vice versa, it is said). Over centuries — well after the
war ended — Ravnos Cainites developed their informal
code of behavior into a deep and subtle Path of Enlighten-
ment, based in part on the patterns they found among the
Cathayan philosophies. The name of the elder who formal-
ized the Path of Mayaparisatya has been lost to antiquity,
although the few learned Ravnos who survived the Week
of Nightmares ascribe the feat to the ancient known as
Gayal.

The eldest rakshasas followed all the tenets of what
modern Cainites think of as the Path of Paradox, but they
claimed that to be a true son of Ravnos, one had to accept
the role of dark god of the night. Far from merely exploring
the nature of the illusion through sin, vice and murder,
these followers tested their own limits, rejecting the shack-
les of any morality, save that of respecting Ravnos. It was
the actions of these vampires that spawned the fearsome
reputation of tonight's Ravnos.

Even without an epic history, the Path of Paradox has
an impressive pedigree. It has a clear relationship with
Hinduism and claims to be the eldest Path of Enlighten-
ment. While Cathayan scholars assert that their principles
had enormous influence on the development on the Cainite
paths, knowledgeable adherents of Mayaparisataya hold
that their path influenced the Cathayan dharmas. Hinduism's
influence can be found far to the east and west; similar
concepts exist in Taoism, Buddhism, Persian magical
thought and Christian heresies.

Parallels to the Path of Paradox can be found in newer
callings, as well. The themes of accepting the world's
illusion and a vampire's monstrous and sensual nature as
divine appear in the Path of Cathari and amongst some
factions of the Path of Redemption. Rakshasas hold that
these eternal truths were carried north and west by Ravnos
vampires, following the great war with the Cathayans.

And yet, even after that war, the Ravnos did not
predominate. Perhaps it was Gayal's formalization of the
Path of Mayaparisatya itself that brought the Ravnos down,
orthe overabundance of young, weak vampires who showed
mortals how the undead could be destroyed. The rakshasas
never hid from mortals as modern vampires do, but they
faded from history. Indeed, centuries of their existence
passed quietly.

When the British came, the Tal'mahe'ra betrayed
India to the invaders, praying that powers behind the
newcomers could break the hidden demons, once and for
all. Demonic sorcerers and rakshasa vampires fought ter-
rible battles in the streets and tunnels of Indian cities, while
British troops raped, looted and burned. Finally, Tal'mahe'ra
magicians performed horrific rituals in the Underworld,
destroying the rakshasa as they slept. The vampires were
defeated and India was broken by the will of the British

Caper Turéé: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

8


Empire. Grievously wounded, undead survivors crept deep
into the mountains and forests, and waited.

Some survivors fled toward Europe ina second diaspora.
Most Ravnos who did so did not truly understand the Path
of Mayaparisatya, and had to develop their own codes in
order to keep their Beasts at bay. It may have been some
memory or remnant of the "true," elder interpretation of
the path that inspired the form of Paradox practiced by
western Ravnos until recently. As Ravnos stirred in his
slumber, Indian elders traveled the world, warning some
westerners that such heresy could not continue. A few
repented. Most did not. There may well still be adherents
of the "fallen" path, but their blatant and violent ways are
no longer tolerable. Such outré deviltry and mass murder
are considered to have no place in the modern world. If
these outcast followers still exist, they practice in secret.

During their brief spate of panicked activity after the
Antediluvian's awakening, rakshasa elders used their pow-
ers of Chimerstry to assume hideous forms and to terrify
mortals. These vampires liberally interpreted their mission
to find and judge others' destinies. Their victims were
obviously fated to be eaten, they said. Otherwise, they
would never have been encountered. Then, like most other
children of Ravnos, the rakshasa elders were destroyed.

Now Ravnos is dead, killed by the magic of his enemies
and the fires of Heaven, and he took many of his chider
across the world with him. If the old stories are true, the
Ancient was destined to have three incarnations. This
would have been his third. With his death, adherents of the
Path of Mayaparisatya whisper that their lord has ascended
to Heaven once more to serve as Gatekeeper of the Celes-
tial World, from whence he fell an eternity ago.

The Path of Paradox — a legacy of fire, death and
murder — is Ravnos' only remaining gift to his children.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

Vampires who follow this path do not merely destroy
other vampires to help them fulfill their destinies. Rakshasas
strive to test all undead with whom they come in contact.
By playing the "stereotypical" Ravnos, followers can judge
a great deal about an individual's soul from her reactions.

These nights, most adherents concern themselves with
survival first and foremost. With so few followers, the path
must grow again if it is to endure. The most likely converts
are fellow Ravnos. Attempts at forced conversion are
known to be violent; after the Week of Nightmares, few
Ravnos are willing to gather in a grand alliance of the clan.

Tue Fate oF THE DARK Gop 3
If the path's faithful-are correct in their assertio:
that their god has progressed toward a new birth, then h
will not be reborn as a vampire Antediluvian. If, in your
game, you decide that Ravnos has ascended to a new
form, the Path of Paradox could become the focus of a
new religion that venerates the ancient Indian deity in
his final, destined incarnation. If not, well, Ravnos is
dead and life and unlife go on. 4

The Blood Diaries — the writings of a path follower lost
in Ravnos' death throes — are distributed among adher-
ents. The book is valued for its insight and as a cautionary
tale on how not to walk the path.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

Members, whether they support the western or eastern
clan, have always held other vampires in contempt. The
undead are considered sins or flaws in the nature of the
universe, and to be destroyed.

In the aftermath of the "liberation" of Ravnos (as some
call it), adherents of Mayaparisataya have become obsessed
with prophecy. They do not wish to be caught unawares
again. They record their dreams and even stoop to using
mortal fortune telling to catch any glimpse of the future.
Many path followers fear that a "second liberation" of the
"mad one" will come one night soon and will herald a
terrible shift in the world and the illusion. Practitioners
have not decided whether to fear this change or anticipate
its coming.

Virtues

The Path of Paradox emphasizes Conviction and
Self-Control.

Common Abilities

Followers are spread all over the globe and do not make
many demands of each other's capabilities, but Alertness,
Empathy, Subterfuge, Stealth and Investigation are all
useful in any situation.

Preferred Disciplines

The clan Discipline Chimerstry is integral to the
teachings of this path. Fortitude is also advantageous for
self-protection. Auspex is common, and blood magic is
practiced by a small number of followers.

PATH OF DOWER AND
THE INNER VOICE

Nickname: Unifiers

A few crippling weaknesses notwithstanding, vam-
pires are more powerful than mortals, at least as most define
"powerful." The undead are simply more capable of affect-
ing the environment, of imposing their will on the world.
Whether that will acts in accordance with what weak-
minded mortals consider "good"... well, vampires who still
cling to their morality from life spend endless nights agoniz-
ing over such questions, and fall to the Beast asa result. The
Path of Power and the Inner Voice seeks to overcome such
dangers by divesting morality from power. Strength, force,
dominance — these qualities are valuable in themselves.
Whether the ego is directed toward altruism, self-interest
or malevolence is irrelevant so longas the will steadily gains
control.

This path promises few mystic secrets. It guides and
tames the Beast through sheer determination. Control of
one's passions leads to control of one's blood, which in turn
leads to control of one's thoughts and control over one's

CHAINING THE Beast

82

environment. As within, so without. Only through self-
mastery can one master the world. If one truly tames the
Beast, one dominates his environment as naturally as...
well, breathing, were a vampire still mortal. Thus, the mere
fact of power intrinsically proves one's worthiness to pos-
sess it.

In some ways, this path isn't so very hard for mortals to
understand. People read self-help books that promise to
unlock the power of positive thinking or the secrets of
success. We can win friends, influence people, make mil-
lions overnight and have it all. Some might therefore argue
that the rudiments of this path already exist among certain
kine. Many path followers would agree.

This calling doesn't really care about being esoteric
and incomprehensible. If kine can comprehend its pre-
cepts, so much the better. Power is direct. Force is direct.
Mastery is direct. A means to those goals should be simple
and clear. This philosophy bridges the abyss of the soul with
agleaming razor blade. Can you comprehend it? Of course.
Can you understand its purpose? Perhaps. Can you walk it?
Ah, there's the trick.

Any instrument, properly honed, can be used to ad-
vance a vampire's standing. The undead are, however,
creatures of blood. They realize that pain and fear teach far
more lasting lessons than love and loyalty. Love can wane,
loyalty can be subverted, but the older, more primordial
emotions are rooted deep in all creatures. Thus, beings on
this path act in ways that, while often considered tyranni-
cal, are simply effective. To coin a phrase, "the end justifies
the means."

BAsIc BeLIeFs

The previously stated "as within, so without" maxim
summarizes this path's philosophy perfectly. External power
is not coincidental; it is as much a reflection of one's
spiritual development as the look in one's eyes or the
expression on one's face. For members of this path, there is
no such thing as luck or fate. Everything can be controlled
by those who have the will to do so. After all, if everything
were the result of chance or fate, would the scales not have
balanced out by now? There are clearly those who earn
more rewards than others, those who impose their agendas,
and inso doing they erase the lesser wishes of the weak. And
that's good. The weak would lead the whole astray. It is the
titans who must forge the stuff of Creation for the good of
all.

The state of the early 21st century causes many path
practitioners to smile. Power, they see, inevitably coagu-
lates toward the deserving few. Economically, the rich get
ticher, the gulf between the haves and have-nots widens,
and the distinction between the great and the mediocre is
broadcast across the globe in microseconds. This evolution
is natural, the unifiers argue. Eventually, the bulk of re-
sources gravitate into the hands of those who merit them.

But material power, while useful, merely mirrors the
more constant, controllable medium of real power. Blood
pirit power. The raw capability to bend the world

power. $

(Carrer Turée: PATHS OF ENUGHTENMENT
83

to one's will. If a mortal spends a lifetime of toil and pain
accumulating a fortune, only to sign it away in minutes to
the first Cainite who Dominates her to do so, who has
displayed the greater mastery? Money, influence, status —
all are worth seeking, but they are subject to the vicissitudes
of rivals or incompetent subordinates. When one has learned
how to rip asunder a steel door or move like the wind or
control another's mind witha glance, one has a weapon and
tool that persists until Final Death.

Unifiers strongly espouse the "values" of negative
reinforcement, of monstrousness and tyranny. They do so
not to be "evil," as do nihilists on the Path of Night. They
simply recognize the benefits of pain and terror as unchang-
ing, effective implements. After all, what is "good" varies
according to culture, age or other zeitgeist. In the world of
an immortal, there is no place for such dross. The best
methods of control are the time-tested ones, the ones that
worked as well in Babylon as they do in Baltimore. Coax a
follower with money and someone else can always distract
him with more money. But find out what a subordinate
dreads and hold that over him and he will serve forever.

Fier

Aoral Guid

ARCHY OF SINS
line
nsibiliry

Denying resp

Treating your underlir
Failing to respect

others whe

Helping

Accepting defeat

Failing to kill when it's
Submitting to the err

Not using the most effective t
N

Jor punishing failure

Turning d

BrHIcs OF THE DATH

© Do not tolerate failure — including one's own. Punish it
visibly and harshly. It is a proven fact that negative rein-
forcement produces greater efficiency than positive
reinforcement. So long as punishment is not fatal, one can
learn from the consequences, then seek to overcome once
more. Failure, by contrast, leads to weakness and weakness
to corruption and corruption to the Beast. And once the
Beast takes hold, the consequences last for eternity.
Be sparing with rewards. Drive followers to excel, but never
let them assume that reward follows excellence. It takes no
blood or eternal life to know this; Machiavelli taught the
same thing to the kine. Followers who go unrewarded for
merit have no motivation, but followers who are rewarded
for every act of merit soon learn to do only enough to earn
a reward. Even animals can be guided to greatest efficiency
in this fashion.

© Strive for control by any means. Dominate the world around
one's self and bend it to the will. Control or be controlled.
If one does not remain in control at all times, he reveals a
chink for the Beast to slip through.

© Use the most effective tool for any undertaking. Hate, fear
and anger are among these tools, but feign benevolence if
necessary. This path is not about the satisfaction of un-
leashed emotions. Such puerile pleasures are the currency of
the Beast. A master guides her words and deeds according to
the needs of efficiency, not gratification. That said, remem-
berwhoitagainst which onestruggles in the Jyhad: monsters.
Use the weapons of monsters against them, that one might
be the greatest monster of all.
Show respect to those in authority, but usurp them when
they falter. By definition, those in positions of superiority
have learned more. They are models by which one can learn
to subdue the Beast. This is true exactly as long as they
remain superior in deed and thought as well as title. Each
case is unique. The first step on the path to mastery is
knowing when one has surpassed one's teachers. When that
happens, continuing to follow is the gateway to degradation,
not advancement. Eliminate any chance of such decline by
eliminating unworthy models.

© Deal froma position of power. Do not show weakness, Or, as
some kine say, "Act as if." Even mortals know that the first

step to true power is to feign that power. If one is weak,
emulate strength. If one is poor, act as though wealthy. If
uncertain, deal from a position of surest confidence.
Oftentimes, such posturing can carry one through.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

This avocation is popular in the current age, with its
emphasis on materialism, status and self-centeredness. Some
unifiers would argue that they merely blazed the trail that
the rest of the world follows.

Not all powermongers are as frighteningly effective as
one would imagine. Most are exceedingly confident in their
capabilities, though. As one Sabbat archbishop proclaims,
"Overconfidence is a temporary condition. Either one be-
comes as good as one imagines oneself to be, or one dies."

Like Honorable Accord practitioners, followers of Power
and the Inner Voice involve themselves heavily in the
Sabbat's superficial dealings: ritae, pageantry and war par-
ties. Unlike knights, who do so in an attempt to strengthen
the sect's cohesiveness and their own resolve, these devo-
tees doso for political reasons. They also seek to demonstrate
their superiority and competitiveness.

High-level advocates understand that true power is
often most effective when hidden or used behind the
scenes, while low-level followers vie for titles such as pack
leader, bishop, templar or whatever they can achieve.
Although it sometimes seems that a disproportionate num-
ber of "titled" Sabbat are followers of this path, the vampires
in question are not necessarily enlightened or particularly
formidable.

Unlike members of many other paths, those of Power
and the Inner Voice are rivals as often as allies. Control, like
other resources, is scarce and finite, so for every gain in
power, someone else has to take a loss. There are few win-
win situations, even when several unifiers collectively
attempt to do the path or sect's bidding. Mongers are happy

CHAINING THe Beast

4


to help out their path mates, but such help always has
strings attached.

Practitioners try to be generalists, but sometimes spe-
cialize out of necessity or because they develop a particular
aptitude. Most try to raise clan Disciplines as high as they
possibly can. No single clan dominates the following;
Lasombra and Tzimisce are attracted to it thanks to being
the "favored" Sabbat clans. An equal number of status-
crazed Panders and overcompensating Nosferatu also take
spiritual solace in the path's teachings. Perhaps the only
clan not well represented is the Malkavians. With the
notable exception of compulsive or monomaniacal types,
the madmen and women are too "internal" and capricious
to do well on this path.

HisToRy

When asked about the founder of their calling, advo-
cates can smile and reply with a simple word: "Caine." The
first step along the path, they contend, was the slaying of
Abel. Caine freed himself from the yoke of servitude, expec-
tations, and from submission to others' hierarchy and values.

Recorded Cainite history, however, traces the founda-
tion of path precepts to about the 16th century, when a
Lasombra named Lord Marcus first made his presence felt
on the stage of the Jyhad. A scion of the turbulent mortal
courts of the time, Marcus brought a heretofore unknown
degree of political sophistication to the (then) crude and
anarchic Sabbat. If the sect did not deign to play courtly
games in the fashion of the Camarilla, Marcus argued, it was
best at least to have the knowledge to counter one's foes —
or to force them onto battlegrounds of one's choosing.

Lord Marcus espoused his principles in a small folio
called the Lexia Tenebrus, or the Shadow Maxims. At first
largely ignored by the nascent sect (which, after all, had
"important" business to take care of such as warfare and
hunting), the Shadow Maxims gained popularity with the
Black Hand. That faction used the principles to wage one
successful siege after another. Lord Marcus himself rose
rapidly within the Hand asa result; he was a dominion at the
time of his untoward disappearance in the mid-19th century.

The Shadow Maxims were not dissimilar to books such as
The Prince or the (as then unknown in the West) Art of War.
Its primary distinction lay in openly acknowledging the use
of specifically Cainite forms of battle, subterfuge and ma-
nipulation (blood, Disciplines, ghouls). Unlike some previous
works, which had primarily focused on gaining and main-
tainingaprincedom, The Shadow Maxims addressed subverting
and bringing down princes and anarchs alike.

At first primarily a practical handbook, The Shadow
Maxims soon developed a cult following of students, who
ascribed philosophical significance to what had until then
been a political treatise. They recognized the maxims as
pillars of not merely external political domination, but as
metaphors for how to govern one's own spirit. Although
Zen was unknown at the time, the maxims assumed a koan-
like significance. The "territory" to be controlled was not
merely a princedom or fiefdom, but a vampire's own soul.

AN EXcERpT FROM THE SHADOW MaAxIMS
On the Vigors of Caine's Vitae
When contesting with another of the Blood,

it is best to call upon the Gift freely; for if one
wins the contest, the vanquished's own Gift lies
forfeit, while if one is vanquished, one can
except no mercy from our murder-cursed breth-
ren. When contesting with one of lesser order,
such as a Ghoul, it is best to call upon the Gift
only to the extent that the situation demands; if
the Ghoul is the Thrall ofa greater Power, sent
to test the Childe of Caine, it is best to dispatch
the minion with seeming ease and thereby pre-
serve the facade ifnot the reality of one'sstation.

The "enemy" was not merely the Camarilla, but the Beast
itself. As one dominated the physical landscape without,
one could come to dominate the psychic landscape within.
This idea of unity between maxims and internal energies
gained momentum among path followers, who accordingly
became known as unifiers.

Did Lord Marcus himself develop all of these innova-
tions? Probably not, though he was certainly savvy enough
to take credit for the rapidly developing path, and to
cement his own standing in the process. Historical records
presents evidence that his rivals who attained status on the
Path of Power and the Inner Voice met with fatal chal-
lenges "for the good of the sect."

The path gained significant momentum during and
following the Industrial Revolution. So many new models
of power — not just nation-states, but economic and
scientific engines — displaced old ideas such as God and
king. Results could be measured, studied, calibrated and
assimilated into greater structures. The nascent science of
psychology began to explore not only what people did, but
why they did it and how they could be manipulated to do
something else entirely. Socialism, imperialism, commu-
nism, czarism, manifest destiny — the world was a veritable
laboratory of struggle, victory and defeat, dominance and
concession. Moreover, these models were no longer applied
to control of a single territory or fiefdom. Winners could
dominate entire countries, continents, empires "where the
sun never set." Or, the unifiers speculated, "never rose."

But the 20th century was to prove the greatest work-
shop of all. World-spanning corporations, Thousand Year
Reichs, Iron Curtains and wars fought across continents...
such complex structures, so rich with opportunity and
challenge, had never been seen before. The Final Nights
are a rich harvest for young unifiers who manipulate data-
bases, elections, cartels and parties in ways their elders can
barely comprehend.

Current PRACTICES

Followers of this path are in the Sabbat. Since the surest
ticket to political power is advancing within the sect, mem-
bers take pains to become exemplars of what the sect states

CCHaprer Tureé: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

85


a vampire should be. Unifiers take care not only to partici-
pate in ritae, sieges, war parties and similar sect activities, but
to outdo other Sabbat in these activities whenever possible.

Naturally, unifiers (especially young ones) gravitate
toward titled positions. If one is in a pack, she makes a bid
to be pack leader, then bishop, then archbishop. It's thus
important that titles remain important in the chaotic sect
and the unifiers take considerable pains to rein in their
more anarchic brethren's disrespect or disregard for hierar-
chy. The Sabbat is not the Camarilla, with its princes,
primogen and elders, but unifiers insist that merit be recog-
nized and honored, even if age and bloodline aren't.

For all their rhetoric of being Sabbat through and
through, path followers often behave in ways remarkably
similar to those of their alleged foes. More so than most
Sabbat, unifiers participate in and manipulate the sunlit
world for their own ends, extending their reach into crime,
business and culture. Other Sabbat acknowledge these
activities as (occasionally) necessary, but unifiers' seeming
eagerness to snub Sabbat supremacy in favor of self-interest
earns them some raised eyebrows from idealistic brethren.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

At the beginning of one's progression along this path,
one follows. This station is accepted and understood. Arro-
gance gained through centuries of success and wisdom is to
be cultivated; blind, foolish arrogance is worthless.

Most unifiers take a mentor. They follow this teacher's
directives in the process of accomplishing deeds of greater
or lesser importance and recognition. Even as a lowly
follower, though, one strives to begin individual progres-
sion. A unifier always look for ways to perform a given
directive better, more efficiently, more quickly than ex-
pected. Vampires who perform only as expected and no
better are probably not good candidates for the path's more
refined teachings; they'll hover at the lowest levels or fall
into the Beast's clutches.

And there are others, others who serve, who seek to climb
the path's ladder. These are rivals — allies in the sect, to be
paid lip service, but ultimately competitors. The first task of a
path devotee is to outdo as many fellow neonates as possible.

Failure at one's assigned tasks is unacceptable. If one does
fail, one should expect — indeed, demand — harsh punish-
ment. If the cause of one's failure lies in the incompetence of
a fellow path mate/rival, that vampire's spiritual development
is only enhanced when her error is pointed out and corrected.
Thus, one saves two undead souls from the Beast.

Eventually, one must cease to follow. The tenet of "lead,
follow or get out of the way" is especially applicable to vampires on
this path. The best way to ear leadership, at least initially, is to
make one's mentor look especially good. Doing so serves three
purposes: it ingratiates oneself to higher-ranked path members, it
causesa mentor to develop so many responsibilities thatshe hasno
choice but to delegate some, and (most importantly) it deludes a
mentor into overestimating her own capabilities. This last is
crucial in ultimately supplanting a teacher.

At this stage, one hopefully comes to lead one's pack or
leaves a pack entirely and pursues the role of templar or

paladin. Unlike most Sabbat, unifiers commonly take ghouls,
using them as minions andas living lessons on which to enact
the teachings (and punishments) of The Shadow Maxims. The
fate of these ghouls is rarely pleasant. A few might survive to
become powerful, brutal, trustworthy minions at best.

At high levels, a vampire has become a leader in his
own right, often with a title (bishop at the least), and
certainly with a wealth of spiritual might. The ideal unifier
has developed capabilities in all things: high Attributes,
strong Disciplines, enduring Willpower and a high path
score. He should have few glaring weaknesses for a rival to
exploit (or they should at least be well hidden).

While unifiers (verbally) stress loyalty to the Sabbat, they
occasionally seem less than cooperative with packmates.
Acting altruistically directly violates the highest precepts of
this path's teaching. Ultimately, by helping others — even
allies—one trains those allies to depend on him. Dependence
leads to weakness and weakness leads to the Beast. Better that
allies try — and fail and suffer punishment and grow stronger
—on their own than accomplish something only through the
help of others. Such a way leads to spiritual dissolution.

The ultimate resource in the Cainite world is the blood
of Caine itself. Unifiers practice diablerie with a zeal
unmatched by any save those on the Path of Blood. Unifiers
and Blood cultists often maintain heated rivalries over
"salvage rights" to the vitae of powerful elder targets.

Virtues

Path followers develop Conviction and, seemingly
odd, Instinct. Although unifiers can seem cold and calcu-
lating, they know that their Beast is ultimately a tool to be
guided, not suppressed.

Common Abilities

Adherents have little choice but to study Subterfuge,
Intimidation and Leadership. Those without find it very
hard to advance along the path. Etiquette and Politics
prove useful tools, as well.

Preferred Disciplines

Dominate is primary for unifiers. Presence runs a close
second, (It's not surprising that these are the top two given
the number of Ventrue antitribu on the path.) Beyond that,
some followers apply deceptive Disciplines such as Obfus-
cate, or alternately Auspex to prevent blood-fueled
deception.

PATHOF
REDEMPTION

Nickname: Martyrs

God has not turned from the Children of Caine. They
are His creations, His dark angels, and a chalice in which
the blood of sin might be transformed into the blood of
salvation.

Vampiric history began in the settlements of
Mesopotamia, ten thousand years ago. The stories of those
people, as they warred, farmed and prayed, gave birth to

CHAINING THE BeasT


myths that endure into these Final Nights. Over time, the
mythology gave way to religion. The human race still
remembers Lilith's hunger, Utnapishtim's Ark, Tiamat's
Hell. These sagas influenced religions: the Magians, the
Zoroastrians, the Jews. And vampires remember these
stories, because they were about the First City, the Great
Flood and the land between the two great rivers. If vampires
exist, then there must be truths to those stories. If vampires
exist, then perhaps God exists.

Yahweh, Allah, Ahura-Mazda... these are three of the
thousand names of the Almighty. God is merciful, but He
is also a hard master and a distant father. Mankind has
disappointed Him terribly, with its weaknesses, its lusts and
its sins. But mankind also has the tools for salvation and the
way to accept God's teachings.

Perhaps there are no angels anymore. Perhaps God
needs new messengers. Perhaps vampires are the new angels
under Heaven.

BASIC BELIEFS

The martyrs hold that vampires are God's punishment
on humanity, an instrument of His vengeance anda tool for
salvation. Those chosen for the Embrace are notselected by
their sires, but by the Curse of Caine itself. Those chosen
are punished for their sins — but they are also tested, forced
through a purgatory on Earth and can be remade intoa new

thing: a saintly servant of God.

To bea vampire is to be denied the ideals that are most
important to a mortal — the sun, love and God's grace. But
that denial serves to make the soul stronger, and a strong
soul can be purged of sin and can enter Heaven and God's
favor. Those vampires who follow this path seek to explore
the limits of their vampirism so that they can know a little
of God's plan. He cursed Cainites and that means that God
is present in the world. By resisting the compulsions of the
Curse, the childer of Caine immerse themselves in the
power of God Almighty. They reject the Beast so that they
may be made pure, that they may do God's work, and that
they may hunt down those who fall to the Beast or the
Devil.

This path draws heavily on the ideals and morals of the
Jesuit order. The Jesuits hold that they are Christ's soldiers.
Martyrs consider themselves Christ's enforcers and de-
stroyers. By purging themselves of sin and bringing terror
and death to God's enemies, followers use their undead
nature to save themselves and others. The Society of Jesus
isascholarly organization that prizes research and scientific
investigation. Martyrs follow suit and use much of their
immortal existence to research mysteries and to master as
many fields of study as possible. To a vampire, this dedica-
tion can mean the practice of Disciplines, the honing of
skills or the study of occult or scientific lore.

Some see the Curse of Caine as a challenge, a penance
handed down. Others perceive it as a tool to examine the
nature of sin itself. Adherents choose progeny depending
ona prospective childe's beliefs. Some Embrace only those
who are faithful (and only those who are faithful Catho-

Charter THrée: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

lics), while others select sinners, but those who have some
spark of divinity burning inside them. Either way, martyrs
believe themselves tested, like Job, by God and His enemy.

Many martyrs espouse that mortal sin is inherent to the
vampiric form. To be a vampire is to be a sinner beyond any
mortal. The Beast is a temptation to mortal sin, which not
even confession can fully purge. Followers, however, strive
to deny these sins. God poses a greater challenge to His
vampiric servants than He does to his human ones.

All path members agree that Caine was the first sinner,
and though worse sins have been committed since his
transgression, it was Caine's prideful disobedience that was
most grievous to God. Caine did not ask for forgiveness. It's
therefore up to Caine's childer to seek redemption for the
Dark Father and themselves.

CARDINAL SINS

Of particular concern to followers of this path are the
so-called "mortal" or "capital" sins. This list does not appear
in the Bible and may have been composed by St. Gregory
the Great (A.D. 540-604). The concept of such "sins
beyond sins" has been cheapened in the modern era, but
that does not detract from their seriousness.

The Path of Redemption maintains that a vampire is
prone to all seven of these sins, that these are part of the
essential nature of the Curse. Devotees use the familiar
medieval phrasing of the sins, but it is likely that they were
identified in antiquity, too.

Pride: A Cainite's natural physical talents

Greed: Acting as domitor to a ghoul

Lust: Siring a childe

Envy: The blood bond

Gluttony: The hunger of the Beast

Anger: The Beast

Sloth: The lethargy of daylight hours

HieRARCHY OF SINS
Moral Guideline
Neglecting
path

Rating

10 your duty; not following the ethic

Putting physical necessity hefore spiritual
Refusing the penitence of the Divine Tide
Refusing to heed the words of those hey
on the path

offer others the

Refusing to tunity

opp«
redemption

Refusing to take or give confession
Blasphemous or heretical act

Allowing a cardinal sin to go unpunished
The murder of innocents
icknowledge the nece

Refusing to

redemption for yourself or others

ETHICS OF THE DATH

© Caine was placed under God's protection so that no harm
would come to him and that he could, in the end, seek
forgiveness and redemption from the Creator. Caine has

not sought forgiveness yet, so all vampires must seek it for

him and for themselves.

Mortal and immortal sins dwell in one's heart. Under-

stand them so that they may be put away and one may

seek forgiveness.

Mortals — the Children of Seth — are truly God's

children. Study them. Drive them to extremes of good

and ill and watch them. Reawaken their understanding

of their place in Creation.

© Embrace only those who have some faith left. The masses

have forgotten God. Choose only those who will use

their undead state well. This faith can guide all of the

undead.

Submit to the ebb and flow of the Divine Tide. By

experiencing the controlled cycle between grace and sin,

one can learn of God's glory and find personal under-

standing.

The vampiric state is one of God's tools. It challenges a

vampire's soul and inflicts judgment on mortal victims.

Understand it.

© Confess sins to those further advanced on the path.
Accept confession from those less so. Confession is
sacred and secret.

¢ Watch those who exult in the curse. They must be
destroyed when the time is right.

© Meditate and pray to God. God shall reveal the way to
wisdom.

© Find those who have faith and teach them the truth.

Those who reject God and turn to the powers of Hell

must be hunted and destroyed.

© The word of God is law. Deus vult.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Followers of this path tend to have been believers in life,
from a Christian, Judaic or Muslim faith. Elders promote
unity by focusingon the teachings of the commonly accepted
Old Testament, with a veneer of Roman Catholic ritualism.
The path has also inherited the Jesuit commitment to
scholarship and learning. Martyrs attempt to study all poten-
tial source materials, including Islamic texts, Mesopotamian
carvings, Hebraic rabbinical texts and Kabballistic records.
They seek both a clear understanding of God's works and a
more complete view of the events surrounding the Flood and
the destruction of the city of Enoch.

Less scholarly martyrs simply seek to gain a little respite
from the despair and horror of being undead. These adher-
ents may not even have been believers in life, but with the
obvious exposure to the supernatural that the Embrace
brings, they seek a higher path and deeper answers.

An initiate is baptized with holy water and swears
before an altar to reject Satan, control the Beast Within
and to do God's work. The vampire is then led to her first
penitential rite (see "The Divine Tide," below). When the
penance is over and the first frenzy has passed, the vampire
is said to have set foot on the Path of Redemption.

CHANNING THE Beast

88

Sabbat adherents support the work of the Inquisition,
rooting out infernalists. Some path followers are Inquisi-
tion members.

Redemption is organized in mockery of the Catholic
Church. Priests minister to followers and lead the faithful
in prayer. Outside of the Sabbat, "ashen priests" are vam-
pires who have progressed roughly to a path rating of 6 or
more. Amongst the Sabbat, priests are those who have both
progressed on the path and have been appointed by the
sect. Some in Europe have even revived the tradition of
sanctuary for the faithful. Vampires make their domains in
active churches, sleeping by day in the rafters or catacombs.
Martyrs claim these churches for their ceremonies. Inside
the Church, followers say, politics has no place. Most take
this prohibition to apply to sectarian loyalties — Camarilla
primogen and Sabbat bishops could sit side by side and pray.

The most important priesthood of the path is the
Shepards of Caine in Montreal, although another Montreal-
based pack, the Scholars, includes an important philosopher,
Father Juan Carlos. In Paris, the Camarilla coterie of the
Order of Ste. Joan conducts High Mass for Kindred seeking
penance.

History

The First City was Enoch's and was named after him.
Enoch who became Metatron. Enoch that was cursed,

everything all at once, the man and the city. It was such a
beautiful place, they say, built as a reflection of the great
city in Heaven. But the Children of Caine dwelled there.
The vampires corrupted the population and promiscuous
mortals lured the very angels down from Heaven and
offered them pleasures of the flesh in return for knowledge.
And all the while, the vampires looked on, pampered and
grotesque. Even in those nights of the First City, some
vampires sought to placate God, to find peace for their souls
and perhaps a respite from the judgments of the four
archangels. Adherents of this path say that Enoch was a
holy man, Embraced by Caine, who plead for deliverance
from God's impending wrath. Enoch gave himself to Heaven,
the curse was burned from him and thus the vampires were
spared the fury of God's wrath.

The Path of Redemption, however it is pursued, is an
attempt to walk Enoch's road, to be purged of the curse and
to walk with God.

In the Middle Ages, such vampires followed the tenets
of Christianity, Judaism and Islam. They turned to Heaven
and prayed as mortals. Those undead sought to save their
souls and save themselves from the Beast through faith.
They said they walked the Via Caeli, the Road of Heaven.

The path itself is a more recent development. It was
born in the town of Ville Marie, on the Island of Mount
Royal, in New France in the late 17th century. Jesuit
priests, Embraced by the Sabbat, kept their faith after their
transformation. This human True Faith in God, infused
with a vampire's insight, searing passion and visions of the
blood, conflicted and eventually synthesized into a new
philosophy.

These early Jesuit converts to the Sabbat provided a
spiritual focus for the sect in New France and codified their
beliefs. Under the guidance of Father Ignace, discussions
became the basis for a new Path of Enlightenment. Ignace,
like many who would follow, was both ambitious and pious.
He was fascinated by the essential contradiction between
being a monstrous vampire and the potential for great
service to God. He saw the Sabbat as a tool of God to both
challenge the Antediluvians — who must have been of-
fered the same opportunities as later Cainites — and to
challenge humanity's weakness.

Apocryphal stories tell of these first converts — three
Jesuit Toreador antitribu Embraced by members of the
Acadiens pack. They emerged from their graves, not as
broken, screaming, mad things, but simply changed. They
were interred in the earth for a full month. When they
emerged, they claimed that God had granted thema vision.
Some would later speculate that God sent His angels to
look over the holy and sanctified men. Other histories tell
of how their sires, Louis Levasseur and Marianne Jibrac,
brought the priests into the night as an experiment. Either
way, they arose from their graves quietly, calmly. They did
not seek to sate their brutal hungers, but began to preach.

The Sabbat Litany records their sermon. The founders
of the path decreed that God "had exiled Caine so that he
could experience the darkness of his deeds and find the
light of salvation within himself." Caine was marked so that
no lesser thing could interfere with his exile or his quest for
forgiveness. The martyrs' canon has expanded in the cen-
turies since, drawing from Jesuit philosophies, the Roman
Catholic Church and biblical apocrypha.

The path began as a North American phenomenon,
but it spread to Europe, South America and Africa, where
it was adopted by Sabbat with ties to the Jesuit order.

While primarily a Sabbat path, this philosophical
system has found favor among some autarkis and Camarilla
elders in Europe. Those few elders who have learned the
strictures and doctrine hear echoes of the ancient Road of
Heaven. The modern path is more unified, however, and
does not suffer from the endless fragmentation or schisms of
the "Via Caeli."

Enoch is a key figure of the Path of Redemption.
Noddist lore names him as the Prince of the City of Enoch.
(Perhaps the city was named for him. More likely though,
his name is a historical anachronism, adopting the Euro-
pean notion of naming a prince for his domain.) Enoch is
also said to have been one of the second generation, those
first vampires Embraced by Caine. The Bible says that
Enoch "walked with God," however, and apocryphal books
go further to say he was "translated" into Heaven and
became an angel. Later lists of angels name Enoch as the
angel Metatron, God's chief messenger. Somewhere in this
contradictory story, scholars of this path believe, lies the
key to redemption for all vampires. The legends contradict
each other. The holy patriarch was a righteous man who
was God's messenger to His fallen, or he was the unholy
patriarch of a corrupt city, a vampire prince of the night.

Caarter Tree: PaTHs OF ENLIGHTENMENT

89


Followers of this path suggest that both stories are true.
What if Enoch's life story is a metaphor for the vampiric
condition? What if Enoch was the patriarch of the First
City and was taken by Caine, later to become God's voice
to warn the angels, and finally translated into Heaven?
What if such a destiny could await other vampires? If that
wasall true, then salvation might be available to all Cainites.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

Sabbat followers of this path form part of the Inquisi-
tion and take their role as God's servants among Cainites
seriously. Non-Sabbat disciples organize into small
"churches" of adherents, gathering to pray and discuss their
plans and purpose under God.

Many martyrs of all sects are scholars and spend time
studying non-canon biblical works and religious texts that
might shed light on the actual events at Enoch. Followers
of this path say that the Flood was not caused by the
vampires of the First City, but by the corruption of God's
angels. These scholars frequently work in conjunction with
various Noddists, but they eschew the latter's obsessions
and seek to find a correct means to return to God's grace.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

To answer this calling, a vampire must accept that he
isa monster in search of God's grace. God knows liars, fools
and dissemblers for what they are. Vampires must accept
their nature and admit their sins before Him. They must
accept the heavy burden of God's judgment and mercy. If
one is found wanting, there is already a place for him in Hell
— perhaps a worse place (betrayers are damned more so
than mere murderers, after all).

Followers of this path are nicknamed martyrs and suffer
for their sins and for those of the Children of Caine.
Temptation lures each of them through the hungers of the
Beast. Those who overcome understand that the old saw,
"A beast I am lest a beast I become," is meaningless. The
Beast must be denied, as Christ denied Satan. Yes, the Beast
must be explored and understood and its ways mastered, but
ultimately it must be defeated, utterly.

Despite their overtly Christian or holy ways, followers
care little for humanity. Mortals may be God's children, but
martyrs suspect that humanity has offended and disap-
pointed God far more so than vampires have. The undead
are God's curse on humanity, after all. Testing, tormenting
and killing people is not merely accepted, it's a martyr's
destiny. Some of the High Masses spoken in "cathedrals"
suchas the tunnels of the Underground City in Montreal or
the Catacombs of Paris have been the scene of vast "sinner"
bloodlettings, all in the name of God.

THe Divine Tipe

The redeemers of Montreal maintain a ritualistic prac-
tice that allows adherents to experience both blasphemy
and devoutness. This sacrament, the Divine Tide, traps the
Beast in a cycle of indulgence and purging, by which the
entity is allowed free reign over time, and then slowly
trapped inside and denied. The duration of this cycle varies

depending on the vampire in question. Some are based on
the lunar month, others the lunar year and still others are
based on obscure calculations. Martyrs who wish to ad-
vance on the path are expected to experience at least one
full cycle.

The Divine Tide is meant to be a daily experience. By
carrying out some seemingly arbitrary pattern, martyrs
follow timetables of piety and indulgence. This approach
has proved too artificial for many vampires, however. Over
the years, an alternative version of the Divine Tide has
been developed. Adherents of this practice are either
staked and submerged in a river or chained to the keel of a
boat on the open sea and left floating below the waves,
where sunlight cannot reach them. The subject is left there
for three nights. In this time of isolation and darkness, the
beast is indulged and purged, and its limits are explored. As
the Beast rages, driven by fear, loneliness and despair, the
martyr prays and struggles with the darkness inside. When
released, he is allowed to frenzy, releasing his pent up anger
and violence. The fury eventually subsides, the Beast is
lulled to sleep and the follower can proceed about his
nightly existence. But this alternative cycle of penance
must be repeated, be it in a cellar, the sea or some other
place, and must occur frequently.

Many vampires have been lost in the Divine Tide and
have moved to other paths or been destroyed.

THE SAINTING

A practice peculiar to the Montreal-based redeemers,
the Sainting is a process whereby an adherent who has
reached the apex of faith is ritually bound and mummified
so that she may be freed of the Curse and made one with
God. No other followers of this path have ever attempted
to imitate this practice and the rite seems to have fallen out
of favor, even in Montreal. Mummified saints, however, are
still on display in the Montreal communal haven.

HiGH Mass

High Mass is a nocturnal version of the Catholic Mass.
Held in Latin, it occurs on the eve of certain feast days
(Candlemas, Good Friday, Easter Sunday, St. Swithins, the
Annunciation and Christmas). The ceremony lasts three
hours and martyrs from far and wide are expected to attend.

Vampires drink holy wine brimming with blood of
"sinners" kidnapped for the event. Being vampires, they do
not take a bread communion, but some ritually consume a
sanctified piece of bread, expelling it before allowing them-
selves to be overcome by convulsions.

OTHER PRACTICES

Certain rituals are followed only in particular parts of
the world or have fallen into general disuse. Many surround
feast days. Some Cainites flagellate themselves unto un-
consciousness as a means of mortifying their undead forms
and punishing the Beast. Others go on a "wild hunt" before
Mass is performed, stalking and killing infernalists or sin-
ners. Still others observe Lent and Advent as times of
privation, drinking as little as three "cups" (blood points)

CHANNING THE Beast


of cold blood a night so they may survive, stay awake and be
functional enough to pray.

Virtues

This path teaches Conscience and Self-Control.

Common Abilities

The calling emphasizes proficiency in Leadership and
Expression in those who would be priests. Those who follow
as initiates are expected to have some knowledge of Lin-
guistics, Lawand Occult (with specific focus on "apocryphal"
religious texts). Others are effective at Academics and
Politics.

Preferred Disciplines

Auspex, Fortitude and Obfuscate are particularly prized
Disciplines. Conversely, blood magic is often considered
unholy or even infernal.

PATHOF
REVELATIONS

Nickname: Infernalists or "Edimmu" (from the old
Babylonian word for vampire)

The oldest rebels turn their faces to Heaven and
prepare for war. Eschatologists believe that the Earth con-
tinues to survive only because of the fractiousness of demons.

Should they resolve their conflicts, they will turn their
faces on the world and move to claim their prize. Together,

they outnumber the Host of Heaven and all those on Earth
who could oppose them. When they kill all the angels, they
will storm Heaven and offer up the charnel house remnants
of Creation to God asa sacrifice, and will take their thrones
as God's new angels.

These new thrones, this new Heaven, this New Jerusa-
lem will be made of bones and lit by the fires of human souls.
And things will be the way they used to be, in the begin-
ning, before the Sons of Clay stole God's love and His
attention. God isa senile father, the demons know, but they
desire His love nonetheless.

At the beginning of all things, the light of Heaven
falling on Creation formed a deep, endless shadow that
stretched through the void. In that shadow, things were
born to the darkness.

Some say these things were older than God, intelli-
gences that waited in the utter night before the Word was
spoken. Others say that these things — called the Qlipphoth
or other, secret names — were shells of God's Creation,
scattered broken and forgotten in the night, away from the
world.

Perhaps these intelligences whispered treason — or
bravery — into Samael Lightbringer's heart. Perhaps he
sought them out in the night. Infernalist poets sing of the
Lord Lucifer surging down the void, finding the empty,
dead world in the shadow of Creation, and there speaking
with the sleeping Dragon.

Chaprer Three: Paris OF ENLIGHTENMENT

91


How Many Hetts Ane THERE?

There are thousands of infernal realms. As far as
vampiric infernalists are concerned, there is one e Hell,
which they call the Inferno.

The Inferno is the place God imprisoned the rebel »
angels and from which the fallen rail against Him. |
Vampires acknowledge the existence of other places,
shadows of Hell, which arecloser to our world, but those
are pale reflections or tributary realms at best. Vampires
do not tend to deal with denizens of these lesser places. i
They prefer to cooperate with upper manage mea not)
franchise holders.

The Edimmu have made maps of Hell over the ages.
The earliest (drawn in the decades before Christ) showed
a great Pit descending into the darkness, cast by the
shadow of Heaven. At the bottom, where the light could " i
not penetrate, Lucifer built Dis, the Hell City. In thef
cold ashen shadows, at the top, those mortal souls who |
were not gathered into Heaven and God's grace were ©
drawn. Some would linger there ‘before fading from |
existence, Others would be pulled further into the Pit. i
As the millennia passed, the maps changed. The Pit
became deeper and the shadows near the surface ex- )
panded endlessly. Ghosts built cities and empires there. »
An abyss of shadow and wind and fire separated the |
surface from the Pit. Eventually, as ghost storms lashed ij
the surface, the gulf widened to infinity. For hundreds of

years now, no soul has been gathered into the Pit, into j
what the Edimmu call the true Inferno. Up near the 5
surface, lesser demons have built realms, fortresses and
dungeons and named these place"Hell." Only mortals |
and other idiots believe them.

The maps made by the Edimmu are in great demand
by many different forces.

en eh |

In rebellion, Lucifer was cast out, thrown from the
light because he demanded knowledge of things that were
forbidden. God denied these secrets, worshippers say, be-
cause they could undo Him or reveal His madness. God hid
these secrets, because all of them confirmed one thing:
That He is a fool, an unjust, grasping father who plays
favorites with His children, and who taunts Creation with
lies.

There are thousands of hells. They are scattered across
the void, places of death, pain and fire. The hells are home
to demonic figures of unimaginable power that plot, coun-
terplot and trade in souls. But they are limited. They cannot
walk the Earth until Creation cracks open before the last
battle. These devils may defy God, but His commandments
are still binding.

The Lords of Hell need souls. Each of them needs to
harvest mortal spirits, not just the poor things made from
their orchards. Souls grown in Hell are blank slates, bereft
of experience, suffering and love. Mortal souls, those of
men and women who have fought and struggled and suf-
fered in life, are far more valuable.

Devils need worshippers to bring them these souls, to
drink of their power. They need influence on Earth, and

strange as it may seem, they need knowledge. The infernal
powers see a lot that happens in the world, but they cannot
truly understand or experience it. By drinking souls, they
participate vicariously in the world that's denied them.
They may not be able to physically walk the Earth, but they
know much that happens there. To a vampiric blood
magician, that is enough. A deal is struck. The vampire
offers service, doing his new master's work on Earth. In
return, a lord of Hell offers power and knowledge.

BASIC BELIEFS

Being "good" does not mean redemption, but assimila-
tion. Being good means behaving. By being "evil," one
pushes the boundaries of morality and philosophy, explor-
ing, living, experiencing and doing. By being "evil," a
vampire transgresses, transcends and learns what the uni-
verse has to offer.

There is evil in the world, but that which others call
"evil" is merely that which is real. Those safe in their
sanctimonious smugness have decided what is "good" and
what is "evil." The real world exists in the shadows; the
truth is hidden and forbidden. Followers of this path aim to
find this truth, explore it and make it their own. This is the
path of moral and intellectual exploration, delving into
these secrets and adopting them.

Enemies of Revelation have described the calling as a
philosophy of submission that accepts that vampires are
servants of old, black powers. The Sabbat Inquisition has
deemed that this path is in conflict with the sect tenet of
freedom. But these are lies and half-truths fostered by those
who do not understand.

Vampires are evil. Vampires were cursed by God to be
His punishment on humanity. Vampires carry within them
the seed of redemption. Vampires can be "good." But
vampires transgress; they dwell in the darkness, they hunt
humans — God's Children — for sustenance and pleasure.
They exist, immortal, against the natural order. Surely,
then, a vampire must accept his "evil." Other paths teach
similar ideals — a vampire must learn to accept his condi-
tion — but the Path of Revelations forces vampires to
confront the inherent damnation and alienation that is
their destiny.

Indeed, it is not enough to merely "accept one's evil."
Cainites on other paths do that. Followers of this course
consider "acceptance" a starting point. By adopting this
way, a vampire becomes a servant of a greater, ancient evil,
that of the infernal. By submitting to the will of Hell, a
vampire can both control his Beast and grow powerful.

DUALISM AND THE INFERNAL

Modern-day occultists construct complex and ornate
theories to describe the universe. "Belief defines reality,"
they say, or "spiritual creatures are the development of the
sub-conscious mind." To these occultists, there isno Heaven,
Hell, God or Devil. Reality is merely what humanity
imagines it to be at the time.

"Bullshit," answer the infernalists. They reject a reas-
suring view of Creation in favor of millennia of recorded

CHAINING THE BEAST


experiences amongst their own kind. Vampires are immor-
tal, after all. Worshippers have a view of Creation that is
not far removed from those of familiar monotheistic my-
thologies. Only the nomenclatures and texts change. There
isa God who created the universe. There is a Satan, the title
given to Samael Lucifer after his fall. There isa Heaven and
a Hell. Others are free to believe otherwise, but most
vampiric infernalists come to the same conclusion after a
while. Worshippers may toy with New Age notions of the
demons they deal with being "spirits of entropy" or "arche-
types of balance," but in the end they all speak of devils and
fallen angels as servants of Hell.
HiaeRARCHY OF SINS
Rang: "Moral Gaiaaine
10 A
Failing tox
A Itruistic
ot g

ing by any laws save those of He

serve the ritualssetd our patron
acts

»bing temporal power or wealth when the
opportunity presents itself

Showing self-interest

Refusing to support infernal atrocities

Failing to serve your patron's

Allowing yourself to be defeated by the enemy, thos
who serve God

Not striving to do infernal work

ence against your patron

ETHICS OFTHE DATH

© One serves infernal powers. If one serves them fully and
well, he will be rewarded.

© Vampires are evil. Accept that. Ensure that others who
do not accept it are tortured and enlightened. Kill those
who still refuse.

¢ The Beast is a tool, for one's self and masters.

¢ Evangelize for one's master and set moral traps for others
into which to fall.

¢ Reject humanity. A vampire has transcended and be-
longs to the night.

© Those who serve "God" or "goodness" or other foolish-
ness are to be destroyed. They are distractions.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

The lords of the darkness have grown choosy. Where
they once welcomed vampires blatant enough to do their
bidding and revel in evil, in the Final Nights demons have
turned their attention to vampires who can serve their
interests in the long term. An infernal lord may offer a
neonate thug a small investment in return for her soul, but
the demon favors older, more respected vampires. Adher-
ents of the path are typically highly intelligent, sociable
and charming. They are rarely obvious targets. Blatant
followers of the path draw too much attention from the
Inquisition to be bothered with.

Devotees are typically of the Toreador, Tremere,
Ventrue or Malkavian clans and their antitribu. Tzimisce

and Lasombra followers are extremely rare; both clans
celebrate vampiric power and consider infernalism to be a
weakness. It is also rumored that demons are afraid of the
Tzimisce and Lasombra. A few Assamite infernalists exist,
but they are the subjects of multiple blood hunts in many
places. The Assamites remember that the Baali were the
most obvious and blatant followers of this path. Since Ur-
Shulgi awoke, the Children of Haqim have been
exceptionally busy hunting these vermin down. Any Child
of Haqim found associating with the Baali or their demonic
masters are to be destroyed.

HIsTORY

Vampires have sought the favors of the darkness since
time immemorial. The Path of Revelations is a distant
descendant of the ancient "Path of the Devil," which in
turn was an extreme version of the Via Peccati. Those ways
sought to placate the Beast through sins beyond mortal
imagination, daring to lure the dark lords from their thrones.
The so-called Road of the Devil ossified in the Middle
Ages, lost followers and was eventually replaced by the
Cainite Heresy. This is not to say that there were no
infernalists in those nights, but the more recognizable Road
lost a great deal of influence.

The Path of "Evil" Revelations dates back to the 1600s.
The first vampires to walk it were a small pack Embraced
from a coven of mortal death cultists whose necromantic
practices had earned the attention of darker things. Turned
by a Brujah as a tool against the mortal Inquisition, the
three vampires soon learned that their unholy patrons had
not neglected them.

After they murdered and diablerized their sire, the
neonates joined the Sabbat and were the subject of much
discussion amongst sect scholars. Perhaps indulgence in a
spiritual evil could offset the evils of the Beast, the philoso-
phers said. The three Brujah combined their sacrificial
rites, traffic with demons and unholy researches into a Path
of Enlightenment. They called it the Path of Revelations.
Their critics called it the Path of Evil Revelations. Other,
older Cainites saw echoes of the Road of the Devil. Many
Sabbat believed the sect's cry for freedom included a
freedom of religious practice. "Vampires are cursed by God.
Perhaps they should name themselves allies of the lords of
darkness," they rationalized.

But as time passed, followers of this path paid too high
a price for their suppression of the Beast. In 1804, the
Sabbat Inquisition was formed in response to the preva-
lence of small covens of demon worshippers throughout the
sect, groups that operated outside leaders' dictates and that
pursued their own agendas. The Inquisition won a series of
early successes against infernalists. The three original
founders of the Path of Revelations were burned in Lisbon,
and a dozen covens were rooted out.

But at the turn of the 20th century, the Inquisition
became more of a political tool for silencing rivals amongst
Mexican and European elders than a means to save the
Sabbat from demon worshippers. The Inquisition came
under tighter control of the sect's elders. And where the

Cuapver THréé: PATHS OF ENUGHTENMENT

93


light didn't shine, the vermin scuttled. Followers of the
path met in secret. Most were neonates brutalized by sect
politics or those whose sanity was lost to the ravages of the
Beast. The constant sect warfare of the 20th century cre-
ated casualties who would sell their souls to the lords of Hell
in return for power, sanity or safety.

Worse, as the century progressed, the Camarillaseemed
more stable, more secure. Crusades became more violent
and less effective. The Sabbat fragmented during its third
civil war. Disastrous expansion attempts in Asia and Canada
sapped sect unity. A steady stream of new recruits sought to
salve the doubt in their souls. With the Inquisition and
Sabbat leadership distracted, and the Sword of Caine
shattered, it was almost pitifully easy for the Path of Revela-
tions to usurp control. While bishops set the Inquisition on
each other, more elders became fascinated by the path's
promises. Infernalist elders could keep the Inquisition at
bay and throw neonates to investigators.

In the mid 1990s, the Sabbat Inquisition sent a series
of quiet reports to trusted cardinals in Mexico City, saying
that infernalist influence had spread to all reaches of the
Sabbat, and that if the extent of the path's influence were
to be revealed, the sect could collapse. A series of high-
profile Inquisition investigations and executions in
Montreal, New York, Hamburg and Milan seemed to con-
firm the worst fears. The lords of Hell had finally turned the
Sabbat into a tool.

But things have changed. Though infernalists may
have secret powers and demonic assistance, they are still
Sabbat and there is what can be euphemistically described
as a "high turnover rate" of Sabbat membership. The
launch of the masterful East Coast crusades in the late
1990s sent a lot of infernalists to Final Death. The Inquisi-
tion grew in influence, and teachers of other paths such as
that of Cathari and Death and the Soul watched out for
vampires with an interest in dark matters, and recruited
them. Sect propaganda changed and the Sabbat quietly
purged itself of the Path of Revelations. Where once the
path could claim two or three thousand True Sabbat
amongst its members, now it could scarcely claim a hun-
dred.

The path has not died, though. There may be few
Edimmu left, and those who remain are elders based in
Europe and other places where the Sabbat Inquisition is
weak. But as the sect becomes more obsessed with power
struggles, the Path of Revelations may be set to grow again.
Gehenna approaches and the infernal lords stir. Old vam-
pires recall the glory days of the Road of the Devil.
Throughout vampiric society, there are a few from all clans,
sects and covens who have quietly given themselves to the
darkness in exchange for power.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

"Infernalists" are not a unified cult or organization.
The Sabbat has largely purged the cult of demon worship
from its body politic, and dealings with infernal forces are
considered a breach of the Camarilla's Masquerade. Most

followers contact demonic masters themselves and keep
their submission a secret.

The most risky time for an infernalist is when she
attempts to bring others into the fold. A demonic patron
rewards a worshipper if she is successful, but by revealing
herself a follower risks destruction or worse. Yet many
adherents do bring others into their patrons' service. Deals
between a demon and new acolyte are usually personal and
kept separate from deals made with other members of the
path. On rare occasions, a small coven of worshippers works
in the service of a single patron.

Path advocates possess the ultimate tools to doom
others. They offer the lure of cheap power, without appar-
ent strings. The possibility of insight beyond that of the
"average" mortal or vampire is a temptation too great for
many to resist. Worshippers are not merchants for their
patrons' favors. Rather, an infernalist uses his own powers
and insights to hook greedy souls into his plan, and then
blackmails victims into serving his demonic masters. When
a victim's usefulness comes to an end, she is fed to the
demons. Followers of this path cultivate dozens of such
"marks," to be used until their utility is exhausted.

The exact nature of a worshipper's rituals and practices
depends on the demonic realm or lord he serves. There are
many demonic powers in the night — the Decani, lords of
disease; the Chykas, the lords of strife; the Dukes of Malfeas;
and more.

FOLLOWING THE PATH

The first hint of a supplicant's journey into darkness is
always his magic, be it Thaumaturgical practices or the way
his Disciplines operate. His rituals work faster, better, more
effectively. But they also become indefinably wrong. The
policeman he was trying to incapacitate suddenly dies,
twitching in pain. The child whose mind he tries to read is
driven insane by the ordeal.

As time goes on, other things happen. The adherent's
eyes may darken to an unnatural, inhuman hue. He moves
differently, walking with stunning grace or staggering like
a drunk. The magician's body changes. Whatever extra fat
the Embrace left might burn away, his heart might beat
again, his skin could turn colder, he may become morbidly
obese or crippled with the weight of the black power inside
him. But vampires on the dark path serve figures of utter,
inhuman beauty. If the change wrought on an infernalist's
body makes him ugly, he may be willing to do another
terrible deed in exchange for elusive beauty.

Eventually, a worshipper cannot walk out into the
night. Plants and grass wilt at his touch. His corruption
spreads like a disease to the world around him.

INVESTMENTS

Infernalists do not sell their souls to a devilish patron.
Souls may be the currency of Hell, but vampires' souls are
damaged goods. They are defaced coins, of little value. But
even as a vampire magician's soul is no prize, a vampire's
service has great value.

CHAINING THE Beast

94

The basic exchange in any agreement is certain ser-
vices in return for knowledge and perks of power. In return
for furthering a demon's plans, an infernalist can be re-
warded with awareness of an enemy's intentions or access
to blood-magic powers that could not have been gained
otherwise. Beyond these playground bargains are invest-
ments. As the name suggests, an investment represents
power spent by a demon on a follower, which the patron
hopes will yield results.

Investments include such benefits as extra stamina and
strength, utterly seductive beauty, bones made into infer-
nal metals, being made mortal again for a day, or senses
heightened sufficiently to see beyond the veil between this
world and the next. A minor investment requires some
small deed, perhaps a few killings ora desecration. A major
investment such as true immortality (free of Caine's curse)
may require some horrendous work — the death of a saint,
the destruction of a nation or the slaughter of a people. A
major investment involves small print, as well. One's soul,
useless as it is, now belongs to the darkness.

SuBMISSION AND DOMINANCE

All adherents are submissives at first, but as they
progress they become more dominant and powerful. The
relationship between an infernalist and her demonic pa-
tron is not unlike the relationship between a childe and her
sire. The patron isa paternalistic figure, but also a rival. The
patron is a mentor and the infernalist is a student, but both
know that the student could eventually become the master.

The currency of Hell is souls, and a patron's debt can
be paid with souls, blood or service. Demonic debts are
binding, but vampires are old, clever and devious; it is not
uncommon for a patron to be usurped by a cunning fol-
lower. The infernal hierarchy does not frown on betrayal.
That is the way of things in Hell. Thus, as a worshipper
grows more potent, she can reach a position where she can
negotiate with her patron as an equal and demand more
investments in return for continued service, or the contract
can be nullified in return for some price.

What becomes of vampires that have bought their
investments back from patrons is unknown, though many
suspect that they join Hell's hierarchy. Edimmu
demonologists believe that several "succubae" and "incubi"
that inhabit the Earth are not, as demons claim, descen-
dants of Lilith, but vampires who have purchased their
bond and transcended the vampiric form.

Virtues

The Path of Revelations upholds Conviction and
Instinct.

Common Abilities

Adherents of this path study Occult. Successful ones
are also capable in Subterfuge, Etiquette, Intimidation and
Empathy. These Traits make hiding amongst fellows easier.
Violent followers are adept at Brawl, Dodge, Melee and
Firearms.

Preferred Disciplines

The most common Discipline found among followers
of this path is the so-called Dark Thaumaturgy. Demons
seem to appreciate the ritual nature of this "true" form of
blood magic. Other worshippers develop Presence and
Auspex.

PATHOFTYPHON

Nickname: Theophidians, Typhonites or Corrupters

In some ways, the Setite-derived Path of Typhon is
seen as the most "evil" of all paths. While practitioners of
Night, Revelations and Lilith mortify and scourge their
own souls, the Path of Typhon teaches that enlightenment
is found not only in self-abasement, but in the active
debasement of others.

Different followings attempt to teach how to rise above
the tides of chaos and instinct. The Path of Typhon
indulges no such folly. As its adherents point out, given a
vampire's (theoretically) infinite unlife, there will be an
infinite number of temptations and opportunities for cor-
ruption. The Beast, even a weak one, is the equivalent of
the adage abouta million monkeys ona million typewriters.
Simple entropy decrees that no matter how strong one's
spiritual structure or foundation, something will eventually
make a Cainite fall.

Thus, the Path of Typhon has a twofold dogma to avoid
or at least delay the inevitable. The first tenet is under-
standing and acceptance of weakness in both oneself and
others. Yes, one will eventually fall, but just as a chronic
alcoholic has a far greater "tolerance" for alcohol than his
body mass might suggest, so by exposing oneself to the
"poisons" of sin and corruption can a Typhonite build up a
tolerance to the call of the Beast.

More importantly, corrupters actively seek to lure
others into degradation. Simply put, if followers of the path
can debase and ruin all other beings before they themselves
lose all vestiges of sanity, they "win." To return to the
drinking metaphor, Typhonites see unlife as a vast drinking
contest, with the Beast as the "shots." Since everyone is a
hopeless, chronic alcoholic, teetotaling is not only a delay
of the inevitable, it makes the eventual drunkenness worse
by reducing the body's tolerance. Typhonites aim to force
all other Cainites into the contest and then drink everyone
else under the table.

The second creed of the Path of Typhon is the preemi-
nence of the mysterious Antediluvian Set. To corrupters, Set
is more than merely an Antediluvian. Set is a god, the Dark
Lord who alone among all beings has mastered the Beast.

BAsIc BELIEFS

Typhonites espouse Set's literal divinity. To them, he is
not merely a vampire lord. One need only lookat the records.
Whereas other Antediluvians are hidden, puling bloodsuck-
ers cowering in their crypts lest they be hunted down and
destroyed, Set has written his name across the very tapestry
of kine mythology. He was, in fact, a divine, immortal being
even before his Embrace. Set, the lord of trickery and

Carver THrée: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

)


cunning, deceived Caine into Embracing him, the better to
manipulate Caine's children into fulfilling his greateragenda.
This plan transcends Cainites' Jyhad. Set would, in fact,
reshape all of Creation in his image. This is his destiny and
right. As the eldest sibling of the Sun-God Ra, he is rightful
heir to the universe upon the coming of Gehenna and the
end of the Sun Age in favor of the Endless Night.

There are other mythical beings in the world, too,
mighty in their own right. Long ago, these beings plotted to
deprive Set of his inheritance. They drove him to the outer
darkness, perhaps a physical place, perhaps a metaphorical
construct of dreams and torpor. This deed is embodied not
in Egyptian myth, but in Greek, in the story of how the gods
united in a treacherous alliance to defeat the thousand-
headed serpent king Typhon. While most myths paint the
gods as heroes, a cursory reading of the myth makes clear
that Typhon is the rightful ruler.

Typhon is destined to rule and only the unnatural acts
and treachery of lesser gods keep him from doing so. For
now, and that state will not last forever. Perhaps Set lay
down willingly, the better to deceive his enemies and strike
at them when the time was right. At any rate, Set has called
his vampiric childer to free him. Just as Typhon has a
thousand heads, so Typhon-Set will use a thousand min-
ions, a thousand stratagems, to enact the will of Creation.
Asa Typhonite, a follower is one of the thousand heads of
the great serpent, the World-Eater, the Hydra. Yes, here
and there a head is lost, but two spring up in its place. To
save one's undead soul one must not only revere and
emulate Set, one must prepare the world for his rebirth.

When Set awakens, he will judge his children by what
they have accomplished. He will destroy the weak and
gather the worthy to be his army in the last battle, the one
in which Set will ascend to his rightful throne as Lord of
Life and Death. Following this, he will remake the world
into a utopian paradise for himself and his childer, and will
either cleanse his followers of their Beast or teach them to
master it — a sort of dark Golconda.

Hie RARCHY OF SINS
Rating Moral Guideline
Pursuing your own indulgences instead of another's
Refusing to aid another follower of the path
stroy a vampire in Golconda
erve a Typhonite religious ritual
oundermine the current social orderin favor
of the Typhonites'
Failing todo whateverisnecessary tocorruptanother
Failing to pursue arcane knowle
Obstructing another Typhonite's efforts
Failing to take advantage of another's weaknes

Refusing to aid Set's resurrection

ETHICS OF THE DATH

© Gather information, secret or otherwise, and learn how
it applies to the resurrection of Set. Clearly, Set has
chosen to leave the world, deliberately posing an enigma

CHAINING THE Beast

%

to his followers, or he has been forced into torpor by the
combined might of jealous inferiors. In any event, the
binding of a god is not accomplished lightly and the
rituals to perform this task must have been the products
of millennia of study. They won't be overcome by pour-
ing a bucket of cold water on the deity's form. Lore and
knowledge have been diluted and spread over the world,
particularly in this new Information Age. One must
gather the far-flung truth and wield itas a weapon against
one's enemies, just as the lesser gods flung thunderbolts
at mighty Typhon in the nights of yore.

Contribute to the clan's greater goal of reviving its
slumbering master. Sometimes knowledge must be re-
placed by deeds. The End Times are near. The time to
strike for Set's liberation is now, not a century or millen-
nium from now. In this goal, even Typhonite elders feel
and project a sense of urgency. All who follow the path
must make it their first priority to take action in pursuit
of this agenda.

Bring others under one's sway, thereby increasing influ-
ence and capability. A nest of vipers is far more deadly
than asingle snake. There is no room for antisocial loners
on the path. To take the necessary actions for Set's
resurrection, one must "be" in several places at once. One
must delegate important tasks to agents. In some senses,
the path is the ultimate multilevel marketing scheme.

The cult of Typhon represents the mythical Hydra, and
the Hydra must always be ready to sprout two heads when
one is lost. This is the holiest of doctrines.

Subjugate the Beast; its reckless wiles serve only itself.
The Beast drives one away from cunning, from society,
from the path of creation. Those who follow the Beast
belong to neither Great Set nor to any lesser god. They
are outcast, lost in the void rather than its masters.
Properly trained, the Beast can be a good hunting dog,
but one must never let the dog determine direction. Set
is holy because he alone among Cainites has mastered the
Beast rather than succumbed to it. All Typhonites must
strive, however imperfectly, to emulate his feat.
Maintain a veil of secrecy, for others look ill upon this
path's means and ends. The Path of Typhon is ultimately
dedicated to war. This struggle may be hidden, fought on
a battleground of words and souls rather than through
overt violence, but it is war nonetheless. All who follow
the Serpent's path must keep their affiliations to them-
selves in the presence of enemies — and all who are not
allies or minions are enemies by default.

Look for Set's hidden signs and act upon them. Even in
torpor, Set is not helpless. The deity's merest thought is
a dark portent upon the world. Learning to recognize
these signs is the hallmark of a Typhonite. The minions
of the other powers are cunning, but Set is more so, and
his cryptic messages to his childer filter out into the
world. Those who routinely recognize them have honed
their minds to within a respectable fraction of Set's own
mighty will, and they are honored accordingly.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Typhonites come from all walks of unlife. Perhaps the
only quality all have in common is that they're sneaky,
through choice and necessity. This path is reviled by Camarilla
and Sabbat alike, and a Typhonite who doesn't learn to
blend in with her surroundings is not long for the world.

Most corrupters, of course, are Followers of Set. While
adherence to the path is not a necessity among Setites, many
elder members of the clan answer this calling. In any event,
existence among Setites is certain to drain one's Humanity,
so most eventually study at least the rudiments of Typhon.

For fanatics, corrupters are experts at putting up false fronts
and hiding their beliefs until the "right" moment. Unlike many
zealots, whose extremist beliefs make it difficult to interact with
more centrist beings, Typhonites have little difficulty adopting the
facade and attitudes of even antithetical groups. They can feign
sympathy and decency with those of high Humanity, then tum
about to revel and raven with vampires lost to the Beast.

Accordingly, there are more non-Setites on the Path of
Typhon than one might think. The Followers use many
tools, and though most are discarded after use, a few retain
value over prolonged periods. Cainite puppets and slaves
occasionally demonstrate aptitude for this path's teachings
— more than one Setite has been shocked by her "victim's"
appetite for depravity. Other vampires, seeing the cunning
and power of the Setites, deliberately seek out their "hidden
lore." If Followers deem such Cainites worthy and if the
Cainites in question can survive the grueling initiation rites,
they can walk the path as readily asa Setite. Asa very general
tule, Ventrue and Toreador are more readily corrupted than
some other Kindred, due to their rarefied tastes. Surprisingly,
a fair number of Assamites fall into the Serpents' clutches.
This is due to a combination of geographical proximity and
the fact that beings from such a rigid culture tend to fall far
and fast when finally tempted to stray.

Corrupted vampires make remarkably effective agents
provocateur. Although fully (orat least tentatively) committed
to the Typhonite way, they remember their old attitudes and,
under the Typhonites' tutelage, learn to project a convincing
image of their "old selves." The Cainites in question might
seem a little more jaded and cynical, at times indifferent and
at others curiously interested in extremes of sensation and
debauchery — but most vampires become so over time, and
this personality shift is little remarked on.

Most Typhonites take an interest in occult lore, though
the degree of their interest varies according to personality
and cognitive ability. Members are expected to understand
at least the "how" behind mystical and occult phenomena,
if not necessarily the "why." It's enough for a vampire with
less than stellar faculties to know that "chanting the Four
Keys of Solomon on the autumnal equinox when Aldeba-
ran is on the horizon will channel mystic energy that aids
us in locating artifacts attuned to Great Set." Typhonites of
sharper mental acumen are expected to delve deeper into
ancient history, mysticism and occult lore. Such vampires
gain commensurate respect on the path.

Carrer Turéé: Pamis OF ENUGHTENMENT

97


History

As with much of Setite lore, the origins of the Path of
Typhon are deliberately shrouded in cultivated ritual and
apocrypha. The path is clearly among the most ancient.
Inscriptions describing it can be found on desert obelisks
and the interiors of hidden chambers in Egyptian pyramids.
Its rudiments were certainly practiced during the heyday of
Egyptian culture, possibly taught by Set himself (if such a
physical being exists or existed at all). It is certain that
many of the Fourth Generation who rose against the
Antediluvians were Typhonite followers, whether in ser-
vice to Set or otherwise.

Followers of the path migrated among Near East and
Fertile Crescent lands during biblical times. Even then, they
had begun their practices of setting up and/or infiltrating
existing cults. Vampires with Christian or Jewish origins
occasionally claim that Typhonites used the cults of Baal and
Dagon as screens for their nefarious activities, though such
claims must be interpreted through the lens of the claimants.

It is thought that Typhonites were particularly preva-
lent during the decline of Egypt and its occupation by
Rome. It is probably overstating the case to say that cult
decadence and manipulation were responsible for Egypt's
fall, but the land certainly provided a comfortable haven
and laboratory for the masters of the corrupt. Some of the
more terrifying names that appear during this time are
Lowly Saatha, Nepthu-Ka and The Black Scorpion.

Interestingly, what few fragments remain imply that
"corruption" and "weakening of one's enemies" were a
byproduct rather than a focus of the cult at that time. Such
activities were primarily political in nature, undertaken for
the necessary but pragmatic purposes of controlling herds,
weakening vampiric rivals, and orchestrating changes in
human cultural dynamics. The inner mysteries of the cult,
it is believed, were aimed at something entirely different.
Some Cainite scholars speculate that the path was origi-
nally martial, one designed to produce warriors rather than
deceivers. Do traces of this so-called Path of the Warrior
still persist? Few Setites follow the closest alternatives —
the Path of Orion and the Path of Honorable Accord — so
some observers wonder precisely where loyal warrior Setites
end up. Certainly the storm-god Set was once feared as a
warrior himself.

It was during the Roman imperial period, however, that
the Typhonite creed first assumed its current form and
tenets. Rituals (perhaps influencing or influenced by Chris-
tian and Mithraic cults of the time) spoke of Set's
"resurrection" or "return." Whereas Set had previously been
merely a teacher, albeit a wise one, now he assumed the clear
function of Dark Messiah. Typhonites, caught up in the
apocalyptic fervor of the age, espoused the coming of Set and
the transformation of the world into a new and better place.

For this to happen, the current era would have to wither
away. It became the Typhonites' primary purpose to accom-
plish that end. They had little difficulty among the decadent
courts and coliseums of Rome's latter years. Whether whis-
pering atrocities in a caesar's ear, arranging to have worthy

Low Ly SAATHA ‘|

One of the most terrifying and revered *Tphonicesd |
was also one of the most ignominious. This creature came» 1
to Rome in the guise ofaslave and spent lifetimes among
the courts of the world's most monstrous tyrants. It is)
thought that Saatha served/used Nero, Caligula and >
Carracalla, among other kine. q

Saatha understood the overweening nature of pride |
as few beings could. His vampiric rivals, when they
appeared in public at all, donned the togas of the patri-|
cian caste and maintained lavish estates. Never would)
they have consented to do their work by lowering them-»
selves to appear as slaves — and they could nor imagine |
that another Cainite would stoop to such a level. Thus
Saatha, by doing just that, rendered himself invisible to!
his rivals, even though he acted in plain sight for centu-
ries. Oftentimes, even fellow Typhonites failed to discern |
Saatha's maneuverings until he revealed himselfand told"
them what to do next.

When Rome fell to the Visigoths, Lowly Saatha'
disappeared. Speculation suggests that he resurfaced, still ©
a slave but with a new name and guise; among the'
Moorish courts, manipulating their efforts against the |
Christians of Europe. This rumor is unsubstantiated, but
most Typhonites believe that Saatha exists to this night, >
doing the Dark God's bidding.

civil servants assassinated, or dulling the populace with
bread and circuses, Typhonites rode the crest of human.
debauchery and helped blind the empire to its own doom.

Ironically, Typhonites encouraged the spread of the
monotheistic religions of Christianity and Islam during the
Dark Ages. They realized that, where there isa God of light,
there is an Adversary of darkness. They knew that a certain
type of person would always be more attracted to darkness
than light. As the churches and mosques spread, the faiths
calcified and added stricture after stricture, offering infinite
opportunities for temptation. Forbidden fruit is doubly
sweet and Typhonites waited in the darkness to lure laymen
and clergy from the path of righteousness, and then exposed
iniquity and demoralized even more people.

No vampire, corrupter or otherwise, predicted or en-
couraged the mortal Inquisition. It's likely that a few
Typhonites used this or that witch-hunter as pawns, as did
many Kindred. Ultimately, however, Typhonites fell to fire
and cross as readily as any other vampire — and their
natural tendencies toward cultivating sin and excess made
them obvious targets if they could be found at all.

During the High Middle Ages and the foundation of
the sects, Typhonites largely retreated or laid low, at least
in western and northern Europe. They preferred to remain
well behind the crescent curtain of Islam, waiting while the
sect wars played out, remaining neutral and only occasion-
ally offering assistance to this side or that.

Such subtlety might have beena miscalculation, though.
When vampires initially spread into the New World,
Typhonites were few and far between among the settlers.

CHAINING THE BEAST

98

Many colonist groups fled oppression and corruption in the
Old World. Typhonites as a group arrogantly assumed that
few opportunities awaited them either on the primitive
continents or among the scattered colonists. They preferred
to search for Set's lore and hone their weapons among the
familiar and ancient surroundings of the Old World.

This is not to say that no Typhonite lurked among the
New World colonists. Vampires of all stripes follow hu-
mans for reasons as simple as blood. But in general,
Typhonites didn't take a serious interest in the Americas
until the 19th century. Certainly, opportunities for corrup-
tion and degeneration existed — colonial Protestant
cultures, by their very strictness, set themselves up for
enterprising tempters. The few Typhonites present found
areas of French-dominated North America to their liking,
particularly the port city of New Orleans and the island of
Haiti. But what was ultimately the point? The vampires of
the New World were on the periphery of the Jyhad and the
keys to Set's resurrection would be found at its epicenter.

Or would they? In the late 18th century, the ancilla
(now elder) Jason Lustrius gave a remarkable interpreta-
tion of a passage from one of the Typhonites' most holy
works, The Thousand Nights of Sutekh. Lustrius pointed out
that Set generally hunted and held court "in the nighted
regions where the sun-barge sinks from the heavens."
Previously, this had been interpreted as the hours of night
itself. But what if it was literal? The sun sinks in the west.
Could Set await resurrection in the unknown continents of
the New World?

Following Lustrius' revelation, Typhonite occultists
crossed the ocean in search of clues. They found the region
to be primitive, but a land of opportunity. New York, New
Orleans, Chicago, the Caribbean islands and the planta-
tions of the South all presented ample herds and social
facades for enterprising corrupters. And the "manifest des-
tiny" of the American people was an obvious blind for
Typhonite incursions into the West.

Thus, Typhonites came to riddle the New World,
perhaps more so than the Old World. Today, a sizable
contingent of path followers resides throughout North,
Central and South America. Over half the followers of the
path espouse Lustrius' revelations and actively believe that
Set will rise in the Americas.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

A Typhonite walks a fine line between zeal and cau-
tion. Despised equally by Sabbat and Camarilla, path
adherents must cultivate patience and deliberation or die.
Even more so than most vampires, they cloak themselves
behind groups of followers and cults. They maintain the
Masquerade religiously — not because they believe in it,
but because it serves their purpose so effectively.

Typhonites divide their time between searching for
occult lore and cultivating temples and cults. They avoid the
inner circles of Camarilla and Sabbat society, instead target-
ingand befriending those on the margins—autarkis, anarchs,
neonates and other relatively clueless and easily misled sorts.

Low- and mid-level corrupters know they can't take down
the sects by themselves — that's not their purpose. Instead,
they chip away a bit of mortar here, a brick there.

Typhonites generally operate though human ritual and
sinfulness. By fostering cults promising power and luxury,
they lure in the pawns they seek. The typical corrupter
operation is three-layered. The outer layer consists of com-
pletely secular fronts — drug dens, prostitution rings and the
like. By observing the clientele (and operatives), devotees
determine which kine are ripe for initiation into the lesser
mysteries of the next level — the religious cult.

This circle, which can be contacted through agents in
the secular circles, promises mystical power (and sex, wealth
and temporal power) in exchange for service. Most of the
beliefs are hocus-pocus concocted by the Typhonites to
appeal to the lowest common denominator. But still, a kine
at this level might receive occasional mystic aid — a one-
shot talisman or the infusion of a single blood point — to
foster belief in the cult's power. Most servants are led no
deeper; they don't need to be.

The core of the cult consists of ghouls and favored kine,
those who have been selected after decades of service. Not
even they know everything about Set, Cainites or the path
(all of which comprise the third tier of corruption), but they
learn enough to be effective operatives.

Typhonites take comfort in Card X of the Tarot, the
Wheel of Fortune. The serpentine and jackal-headed be-
ings ascending and descending on the Wheel are thought
to be emblematic of Set's fall and inevitable return. The
other apocalyptic creatures of the Tarot represent the other
Antediluvians and supernatural powers of the world. These
icons stand vigilant at the corners of the Earth, guarding

q
|

THe SERPENTS OF THE LIGHT j

The "anti-Setites," the Serpents of the Light, are as)
dire an enemy of the Typhonians as one can imagine.
The Serpents are a branch of the Setites that defected to

the Sabbat and are now sworn foes of their former

clanmates. The Seats on, owing the Typhonians as-

at ane survival of |
Pp

corfupters,

c rily of disposable.
pawns, elders_can go intoO™motivating an_
entire Sabbat city in a direction of the Typhonians' |
choosing.

It is all the sweeter when a supplicant of Typhon}
brings a Serpent of the Light into the path's coils. Such)
a creature is perhaps the most devious, cunning double)
agent in all the Jyhad. {

(Carrer Turéé: PATHS OF ENUGHTENMENT

99


against Set's return, but because they fear the Great Wheel,
they cannot fully engage the god on his terms.

THe App'AL- -SOBEK
(SLavesor THe CRocopiLe)

A splinter sect among the Typhonites, the abd'al-
Sobek place emphasis on the legend of the crocodile-god
Sobek, childe of Set. Lesser in power than the serpent-god,
Sobek nonetheless distinguishes itself with its ravenous
appetite. Less interested in pursuing new truths, the abd'al-
Sobek maintain Typhonite temples, promulgate sinful
behavior, and "prune" areas and demographics already
somewhat under Setite sway. Admiring the gluttony and
hidden strength of the crocodile, the abd'al-Sobek foster
excess and inequity at every turn. "The rich get richer, the
poor get poorer" axiom is the muddy pond in which these
monsters do most of their work.

Supposedly, the sect is administered by its founder,
Sobek itself, a childe of Set also known through the ages as
The Great Cocodrill (crocodile). Rumors state that The
Great Cocodrill is an abomination, a horrid hybrid of
vampire and Lupine. A few among the inner sanctum
whisper that even thatis false. While the Cocodrill is in fact
an abomination, it was not a wolf-shifter in life, but a
monstrous crocodile-shapechanger. Forever barred from
the sun and the reptilian solar magic that sustained it, The
Great Cocodrill now serves the darkness. Its hunger is
immense and it occasionally emerges from its lair, assuming
the shape of a monstrous albino reptile.

Virtues

The Path of Typhon honors Conviction and Self-
Control.

Common Abilities

Typhonites favor Abilities that help them achieve
their goals. That's a sufficiently generic statement that suits
nearly any Trait, but followers specifically prefer Empathy,
Intimidation, Streetwise, Subterfuge, Performance, Aca-
demics, Investigation and Politics.

Preferred Disciplines

Theophidians practice the Serpentis Discipline to the
highest level possible in order to best serve Set's will. The
Dark Lord also inspires them to pursue his other favored
powers, Obfus

MINOR PATHs OF
ENLIGHTENMENT

Like human cults and philosophies, vampiric Paths
of Enlightenment wax and wane depending on the
times, contemporary attitudes and the influence of the
sects. Thus, while there are 16 major Paths of Enlight-
enment that are followed by contemporary vampires,
several more exist. These last are followed by only a
few, however. Some are specific to particular factions
and some are specific to minor bloodlines.

ate and Presence.

PATH OF ENTELECHY
Nickname: Philosophers

Basic BELIEFS

This is either a truly old or a very new path. It has
been developed by European Brujah. The philoso-
phers' path is about protecting one's fragile humanity
and finding a light of truth in a dying universe. But
more than that, founding Brujah want to drag their
clan out of the muck of their fallen state and be
named among the princes of vampires again.

This path teaches that the soul is eternal and a
vampire's damned state traps the soul in base matter.
But followers hold that good can come of being undead,
that God has a plan for them, and that an immortal
vampire has an incredible opportunity to learn. The
Beast may gnaw away endlessly at one's sanity, but it
must be defeated. This path offers the tools to force
the Beast into quiescence, and that makes it attrac-
tive to members of Clan Brujah.

The focus of this calling is intellectual explora-
tion. By learning, developing one's intellect and
exalting knowledge, one can transform the vampiric
"condition" into an opportunity. Gifted with incred-
ible powers and enhanced sens a vampire can
accomplish so much.

Followers of this path profess three essential con-
cepts, three truths on which to base their philosophy:
Enkrateia, or inner strength; reie, which they take to
mean courage; and saphrosyne, control of the self.
These were once essential characteristics of Brujah
Embrace candidates. Now they are seen as most lack-
ing amongst the fallen clan. Once, young candidates
were expected to pursue entelechy before the Em-
brace. Now, elders say, all Brujah should strive for
that state. Thus, path adherents constantly hone and
test these qualities through study of philosophy, physi-
cal training and development of one's powers.

Merely following Humanitas, advocates say, is a
passive thing. There is no time for idleness. One must
actively strive against the Beast.

He HY OF SINS
Moral Guideline
Ill-defined or idle thinking
Allowir
Acting on impulse
Theft,

R ARC
Rating
10
ythers to fall to the Beast
robbery or vandalism
Causing deliberate harm to a mortal
Feeding from an innocent by force
Succumbing to the Be violence

A llowir

The murder of innocents

a crime to go unpunished

Aiding a follower of another path

CHAINING THE Beast

100


ETHICS OF THE DATH

* The Beast is weakness. Be strong and command it to be silent.

© Master one's own true potential. Learn all that can be learned
about one's self.

Asan heir to a great legacy, never show cowardice.
© Mortals must not be taken for granted. Feed to live, no more.

History

The Path of Entelechy is a product of the Final
Nights. It grew from the despair of several half-
sleeping elders of Clan Brujah. As they watched,
their childer seemed to degenerate. Where they were
once named a high clan, with undead monarchs and
princes of the blood, now the Brujah are a joke. There
must be more than mere violence and death, they
whispered to one another in their dream state. We
must dedicate ourselves once again, they said. Even as
the Cathayans descended upon the Anarch Free State,
the elders recruited the first followers of this path.

CuRRENT DRACTICES

Perhaps 20 Brujah currently uphold Entelechy.
More than half of them are from Europe, but some are
refugees from the battlegrounds of North America.
These vampires seek to "perfect" themselves before
attempting to recruit more followers. Rumors of the
path's existence have spread, however, and many
Brujah seek the few active teachers available.

Instruction takes place ina series of small ruined temples
innorthern Greece, and on the island of Crete. One teacher
takes at maximum of three pupils at a time. All four of the
extant Cretan teachers are ancillae.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

One sponsor of the path is the Brujah Methuselah
Menele. The elder seems to be in contact with his
contemporaries in Greece and Turkey, and guides
potential candidates to philosophy teachers. Since
the fall of the Anarch Free States, some mendicant
Brujah have heard the call and traveled to Greece to
study at the feet of the masters.

Those who guide the cult look forward to the day
when the Brujah may once again take their place as
leaders amongst the Damned. Some fear that time
grows short and they urge the group to redouble its
efforts. But those voices are wrong. Time has already
run out.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

To walk this path, one must pursue personal
excellence; the Beast is all that is weak and base in
the vampiric form. Lusts, frenzies, hungers and pas-
sions are weakn s that must be purged. The Beast
is not part of one's nature. It is external and must not
be allowed free reign.

Elders on the path constantly seek to test follow-
ers by organizing challenges, driving adherents to

Charter Turée; PaTHs OF ENLIGHTENMENT

101


higher peaks of endurance and accomplishment. Lead-
ers attempt to keep these challenges within limits,
but the possibility of going too far is high.

Virtues

The path extols Self-Control and Conviction.

Common Abilities

Followers are expected to perfect themselves at
Athletics, Alertness and Expression, as well as in
Linguistics, Academics and Science.

Preferred Disciplines

The Brujah "standard" Disciplines of Celerity,
Potence and Presence are favored. By excelling in
can challenge any foe and save them-
selves, and can train the mind as well as the body.

these, neonates

PATH OF THE Hive
Nickname: Who?

BAsiIc BELIEFS

There are things older than Caine, older than the
Flood, older than the Earth itself. These things sleep,
trapped in a world made from their own dreams and
lusts. Some say that these forces are angels cast from
the heavens before Lucifer's rebellion. Others that
they were ancient intelligences, waiting in the dark-
ness, before the Word was uttered.

No matter.

Sorcerers of the first tribe of man, which roamed
the empty plains of the East before the Flood, learned
that names have power. They discovered that the
blasphemous titles of the things that slept beneath
the Earth were especially puissant, and that a little of
that power could be stolen. But they also knew that
should these things awaken, the world would be flayed
of all life. Horrors beyond all imagining lurked in the
sleepers' dreams. Thus, these sorcerers sought to en-
sure that the entities remained asleep.

The Baali bloodline was drawn from these hid-
eous sorcerers, with their carrion wells and torture
pits. Atrocity lulled the sleepers, and atrocity freed a
little of their power. The Baali became vampires, but
they did not forget that there was still work to be
done.

To ensure that the great task would not be lost,
Baali sorcerers developed the Path of the Hive. The
calling unites all of the Baali to ensure that the
sleepers remain passive and trapped.

The Path of the Hive is the ancient ethos of the
Baali clan. It demands loyalty of other paths' follow-
ers, and tireless effort in flattering the sleepers' dreams
and hideous desires. The path is not infernalistic,
although it seems to revel in demonic trappings.
Instead, it pays homage to a concept of the Swarm, as
if the Baali who follow it are somehow special to the
Lord of the Flies.

An apocryphal tale recounts how the Baali woke
one of the sleepers — a thing that spoke in the voice

of the swarm — and consumed its spirit. Perhaps it
consumed them, also. The thing's voice scrabbled in
their souls, but gave them unity and gave them power.
By absorbing one of the sleepers, the vampires could
learn the secrets of others and keep them all asleep.
To follow this path, they say, one must let the
voice of the swarm into the soul. But others whisper
that the swarm knows no loyalty to its host. Perhaps
one night the swarm may cast the Baali aside if they
grow weak — or if their purpose is ever fulfilled.

Hie RARCHY OF SINS
Rating Moral Guideline

1c with another follower of the Path

Hive
sides

Taking
another of the path

with an outsider against
Acting on impulse

Acting against another of your nest

Betrayal of an ally
Feedir
Not

others of the path
Acting
the

rom an innocent by force

haring knowledge or a victim with

for causes other than the cause of

nest

Betraying an elder of the path

Betrayin » whom you are bout

ETHICS OF THE DATH

* Combat the predation of the Beast through the support
of others on the path. Be ready to support one's fellows,
as they must be ready to do the same.

© Loyalty is all. Be loyal to one's own sire, then to coterie
and then to others on the path.

© The sleepers are trembling close to wakefulness. To
ensure their continued slumber, flatter their hungers.
Kill, torture, maim and mutilate, and whisper to them.

HIsTory

This path, developed by Baali cultists a thousand
years ago, has long since declined into obscurity.
While rumor and legend accord the Baali as base
infernalists, those who know better speak of the Baali's
millennia-old obsession with keeping the oldest of
the damned asleep in their stone tombs.

The path was long the salvation of Baali
demonologists, and although their numbers were never
replenished, the joint, coherent purpose of the path
helped the bloodline survive.

In 1998, however, the demon Kupala awoke from
its prison beneath Romanian soil. Surviving Baali
flocked to the region — some to greet the new dark
god, others to attempt to lull it back to sleep. But
Kupala had allies — Tzimisce ancillae, childer of the
Oradea League — and he set them against the
infernalists. None of the Baali returned from Roma-
nia, but in the months that followed several Tzimisce

CCHAINING THE Beast

102


ancillae started practicing this path, trying to free
themselves from Kupala's dominance or perhaps to
gain greater favor and insight from the demon.

These Tzimisce ancillae are as yet disciples of the
way and now travel the world seeking teachers amongst
the last Baali. Those Baali who wish to share the
path's tenets are rewarded. Most refuse. It matters
little. The Tzimisce are most insistent and happily
tear the knowledge free.

It is as if the diseased knowledge of the path
wishes to live on after the Baali are gone, and reaches
out, finding new hosts.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

The Baali have been decimated. The Camarilla
hunts them asa threat to the Masquerade. The Sabbat
hunts them as infernalists. The Assamites hunt them
for revenge. By the time of their disastrous incursion
into eastern Europe, their numbers were perilously
low. Still, some survived. Yet some now say the Swarm
has deserted them and found a new host. This new
"host" — Tzimisce of the "Old Clan" and the Oradea
League — comprises enthusiastic students who hunt
down other Baali of the path to learn more.

The Swarm seeks to live on, and to live on it
needs to keep the sleepers imprisoned. Followers of
this path study demonology to learn the secret names

and resting places of the old beings. Members of the
Hive accumulate incredible amounts of forbidden
knowledge and seek to learn more. But this knowl-
edge is a means to an end — to learn the names of the
sleepers and to supplicate them for power and ease
them back asleep. Followers of the path are noted
occultists and powerful blood sorcerers.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

This path, guided by the hive-voice, seeks to
ensure that the sleepers remain in their prison-slum-
ber. Followers are all distant and inhuman. They are
influenced by the Swarm and influenced by the needs
of other adherents. Members do not have a "hive
mind," but they do focus on certain issues as a group,
to the detriment of other things. They are not
infernalists; they are demonologists. They seek to
learn secrets and steal power from demons, not to
submit to the powers of Hell. Acolytes do not actively
seek converts, but sometimes the Swarm chooses a
candidate and followers act to initiate her onto the
path.

Virtues

The Path of the Hive revels in Instinct and Con-
viction.

Common Abilities

The Hive emphasizes proficiency in Leadership
and Expression in those who would be priests. Those
who follow as initiates are expected to have some
awareness of Linguistics, Law and Occult (with a

specific focus on "apocryphal" religious texts). Oth-
ers are adept at Academics and Politics.

Preferred Disciplines

Auspex, Fortitude and Obfuscate are particularly
prized Disciplines. Blood magic, however, is consid-
ered a weakness.

PATH OF THE

SCORCHED HEART
Nickname: Unforgiving

Basic BELIEFS

The Path of the Scorched Heart seeks to reject
the Beast utterly by emphasizing logical thought,
cold observation and rational existence. Strong emo-
tion is of the Beast, and such an inner demon is the
antithesis of rational thought. The Beast can there-
fore be opposed and ultimately beaten into submission
by refusing to indulge in its emotional and intellec-
tual weaknesses.

Love, affection, trust — these are all ways by
which the Beast can enter. Hate, rage, frustration —
these are all passions on which the Beast feeds. By
rejecting them, one forces the Beast to sleep. Thus, by
stepping beyond the normal interaction of humanity
and vampires, followers of this path may stay the
hunger inside. With no ties of love, there can be no
emotional frenzy. With no irrational enmity, there
can be no hate.

But this path is not merely about rejecting the
Beast. It's about the pursuit of truth. The world is
ultimately definable. Ambiguities and falsity are prod-
ucts of emotion and wishful thinking. No, the followers
of this path say, by shutting out the Beast, the soul is
open to the truth. By following such truth, reality can
be understood and quantified.

In many ways, this attempt to stand outside the
feints and illusions of the Jyhad has made followers of
this path invaluable to certain factions of that very
struggle. After all, vampires lie. Histories, motives
and thoughts can all be clouded by the Beast and
manipulated by enemies. Free of the Beast and be-
yond the weaknesses that make other vampires easy
dupes, adherents of the Path of the Scorched Heart
can be relied on to provide as rational and factual an
analysis as possible. Only a minority of Kindred have
ever heard of the unforgiving, and even fewer would
ever approach the path's advocates. The observations
that members offer can cut through one vampire's
self-delusions as effectively as another's lies.

Those few Cainites who claim to be the "true"
Children of Troile developed this path. Some say the
Brujah Antediluvian himself developed the calling as
he meditated to find a way to calm his raging anger
and lust. Caine cursed the clan founder, stoking the
raging Beast inside Brujah's soul. Once, he had been
possessed of a fierce intellect and a poet's heart. Now

(Carer Turée: PATHS OF ENUGHTENMENT

103


his intellect warred with the Beast. There could be no
more pointed questions, no more philosophical
musings. The only salvation lay in forcing those
emotions away. Only the "true" heirs of Brujah'
legacy, the unforgiving claim, seek the same salva-
tion in logic.

Followers of this path do no proselytize. Right
and wrong are atavistic emotional concepts, dead
holdovers from the living world. Morality is merely
an impedimen

a conduit for emotion, and not an
effective way of finding truth. This is not to say that
devotees have no ethics; they do. They do act when
necessary. Otherwise, they know t they should
wait, investigate and find out all the facts, and only
then decide what course to take. When threatened,
the unforgiving are swift and merciless.

Those of the Scorched Heart prize near-perfect or
eidetic memory. When selecting potential candidates
for the path, they look for superb listeners, scientists
and others who value knowledge.

HIERARCHY OF SINS
Rating Moral Guideline
10 Makin

Relying on others

Assumptions

Destroying another on the path

Not killing a destructive mortal or vampire

line or knowledge

Killing a mortal for any reason beyond

fulfilling the victim's destiny

Killir

Falling to frenzy or Rotschreck

in innocent mortal

Emotional outbursts

Making

ecisions based on emotion

ETHICS OF THE DATH

* Do not feel emotion. Emotion is itself the Beast. Do not
love; it makes one vulnerable. Do not hate. Reject anger.
It is the Beast's way.

¢ Trust only what one can verify.

Secrets are currency. Knowledge is power and the way to

truth. Seek all secrets incessantly. Finding solutions to

even seemingly trivial secrets makes for useful mental

exercise.

* Trust no one. Ifalliances must be made, know all that can
be learned about would-be allies.

* Do not kill mortals unnecessarily. Survival is essential,
but mortals are free of the Beast and therefore must be
allowed to live.

© Make no precipitous action and know when action is
required. When action is required, act decisively.

History
Many of the precepts of this path were laid down
by Brujah himself and recorded by his childer. But

their methods of rejecting the Beast did not become
a path until the 14th century, and were modeled on
the Sabbat-inspired conversions of Roads to paths. A
True Brujah named Rathmonicus, a confidante of
Lady Zara Slatikov (see Appendix), collected the
alleged Brujah on the matter and compiled various
practices to quiet the Beast. He recorded these find-
ings in a codex called the Book of the Empty Heart.
Rathmonicus has long since been destroyed, but cop-
ies of his work have been translated into Latin, and
lately English. Scholars say that only three verifiable
Latin copies of the book survive. English ones are
known to surface on occasion, but those copies can
rarely be verified. Path adherents seek out such texts,
to be confirmed as accurate or destroyed.

The Scorched Heart is in terminal decline, with
a dozen followers or less. When the "True Black
Hand" was destroyed in 1999, most of the path's
teachers and scholars met their Final Deaths. The
philosophy was never common or influential. Its pass-
ing will not be missed. The recent Final Death of
Nehemiah, one of the way's most influential mem-
bers, has left the path floundering. The True Brujah
have sought alliance and shelter with the Setites in
Egypt, but the Setites' ethics do not coincide with
those of the unforgiving.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

With few practitioners, the path is an irrelevance,
practiced only by those True Brujah who do not dwell
in Egypt. Rumor has it that the Setites murdered the
two path followers who sought refuge with them.
Those dwelling elsewhere still follow the course's
precepts, but it is said that they seek Golconda or
contact with the Inconnu. The "passivity" the path
requires makes practitioners even less visible in the
modern nights.

It is known, however, that some True Brujah —
and maybe two or three followers from other clans —
sell their unique insights and services to the highest

bidder.

DESCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Adherents are observant, quiet and somewhat
passive. This seeming docility does not mean they are
helpless; they simply are not prone to extravagance or
hasty action. The path has a few followers in the
Sabbat Black Hand and at least one Ventrue elder
subscribes to its tenets.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

One of the unforgiving is withdrawn and non-
confrontational. She sees no benefit in blatant displays
of emotion, and little use for argumentative debate. If
presented with a contrary (and by unforgiving stan-
dards, false) argument, a follower seeks to quietly
offer the factual position and merely ignores anyone
stubborn enough to continue to believe otherwise.
But one thing that followers always do is observe.

CHAINING THE Beast

104

Virtues

The Path of the Scorched Heart uses Conviction
and Self-Control

Common Abilities

The unforgiving prize high Alertness scores, as
well as Investigation, Linguistics and perhaps Occult.
Those who follow the path typically strive to hone
their inherent Attributes and develop their
Knowledges. Most unforgiving characters have high
scores in Academics and Lore.

Preferred Disciplines

Auspex is prized for the greater awareness it of-
fers. If Animalism is used intelligently, it can be a
source of knowledge — and defense. Physical Disci-
plines such as Fortitude and Potence are studied, too.
The unforgiving may be observers, but they must be
capable of self-defense.

PATH OF SeLF-Focus

Nickname: Internalists

BAsic BeLiers

Like the Path of Paradox, the Path of Self-Focus
owes a great deal to contact with so-called "Cathayan"
vampires. The path addresses a Taoist notion, one
summed up by the mortal teacher Laozi's concept of
"Wu Wei" — "conscious inaction" or "non-doing."
The path teaches a degree of acceptance of the world.
To use a pop-culture phrase, "You cannot change the
world, you may only change yourself." The universe,
internalists believe, follows it own course and one
must follow along or be destroyed. Mastery over the
world is an illusion. Having purpose is an illusion. If
one "wanders without purpose" and allows the uni-
verse to proceed of its own accord, there is no conflict.
Where there is no conflict, the Beast is quiet.

Internalists teach that meddling in the affairs of
others is wrong. The tao must work through each
person, as it will by nature. By interfering, one rejects
the tao and strives against the tide. If a friend asks for
help, then it is just and honorable to help; that is the
way of things. But if a friend does not call for help and
you interfere, you undo destiny and undo the tao.
Worse, by interfering, one assumes a degree of supe-
tiority over the other and assumes a course of action
that can endanger oneself and the friend.

All answers to all questions can be found within
oneself. The universe has gifted all sentient beings
with the tools to understand all things. If you cannot
understand a thing by looking within, then it is not
your place to know it. But while one may possess the
tools of understanding, one must work to understand
those tools before beginning. By honing self-aware-
ness, can one learn what needs to be learned.

Internalists know that there is no future — what
comes will come, and the past is dead. There is only
the now. Actions occur properly only when they are

spontaneous, natural and the result of the needs of
the moment. Acting for the future is foolish and
acting for the past is wasteful. Vampires on this path
frequently quote Lao Tzu: The work is done and then
forgotten. And so it lasts forever. Such focused,
undistracted action leaves no room for angst, passion
or any consideration other than the moment. Free
from such baggage, the spirit is free of the Beast.

But the Beast is part of every Cainite. Sometimes
it needs to roam free. Vampires need to feed. When
the Beast is required to come to the surface, it should
be welcomed. The horrors wreaked by its awakening
are also part of the tao. It is only when the Beast
comes to the fore, when it is not required, that is
wrong. By knowing oneself, one can know the Beast
and know when it must rear its head. If one is weak,
if one falters, then the Beast rears its head of its own
accord and that isa failure. The destruction so wrought
disrupts the tao and the flow of things.

HIe€RARCHY OF SINS
Rating Moral Guideline
Overconfidence
Laziness — mental or physical
t treating others as you wish to be treated
ing on others
to control others
elf

Restraining the Beast when it must be freed

Seekin

Struggling with one'

Not me iting regularly

Frenzying

Being a slave; submitting to the blood bond

ora boon

ETHICS OF THE Pat H
Live in the moment, with no thought to what has been
or what is to come. Neither can be affected.

© Know one's self, intellect and Beast utterly. The visceral
and intellectual are equal parts of vampiric nature.

© Donot mourn those who fall to one's predation, provided
such predation occurs at the correct time and place.
When hungry, feed. When threatened, kill. To mourn
suggests that the tao is wrong.
Do not be overconfident. The overconfident do not
know their limits. But equally, do not underestimate
one's self.
Judge others (and one's self) by what they do and how
they do it, not by their words.
A being is responsible to itself and only to itself, not
others.

History

Around the time of the Battle of Talas in A.D.
751, when Chinese and Muslim armies fought an
indecisive battle, vampires from East and West met.
Like their mortal prey, Muslim and Chinese vampires

Carter Tree: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

105


fought, but also traded in goods and ideas. The Mus-
lims learned the secrets of making paper. Cainites
learned the secrets of certain Chinese philosophies.
As time passed, these outlooks developed and grew,
influenced by Zen Buddhism and Taoism. Middle
Eastern vampires, especially the Muslim Ashirra, were
interested in such doctrines, but did not fully adopt
the foreign precepts. Rather, a small group of non-
Muslim vampires studied these ways in secret.

They might have died out, too, but for the actions of
the Tal'mahe'ra, who recruited the followers and nurtured
a path's evolution. The Tal'mahe'ra, the so-called "True
Black Hand," believed that by channeling the excesses of
its members into experimental paths such as that of Self-
Focus or the Scorched Heart, they could better work to
defend humanity.

Self-Focus was never a popular path, however, and did
not have more than a hundred adherents.

In the Final Nights, only a few vampires who've had
contact with either the "True Black Hand" or with Cathayan
undead follow the path. Certain concepts upheld by
Cathayan vampires' own paths are similar to the precepts of
Self-Focus.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

Internalists do not seek to increase their influence, and
do not evangelize their ways. They are, however, interested
in both discussion of the "mortal" Tao and the Cainite
equivalent. They have been known to choose Taoists for
the Embrace. Vampiric scholars who show interest in so-
called "Eastern" philosophies are sometimes invited to
study this path. The following actually grows — slowly —
and claims as many as 50 adherents in the modern night.

Several internalists are active in California, acting as
mediators between Cainites and Cathayans, or seeking to
learn from both.

DescRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

Some Kindred dismiss internalists as being slow and
passive, but most have learned to leave the followers alone
—they are more than capable of defending themselves. All
seek to learn from experiences, and hope to glimpse a little
of the workings of the universe from each new sensation.
They are not idle dilettantes. Rather, they meditate on
every new thing and seek to rationalize it.

Internalists believe in God or a higher being, but they
do not fool themselves into believing that vampires are part
of some greater plan. Vampires are there, a part of things,
but nothing more.

Virtues

The Path of Self-Focus draws on Conviction and
Instinct.

Common Abilities

Etiquette, Brawl (Martial Arts) and Expression are
especially prized. Anything that aids in the "knowing" of
one's self and the bettering of one's body and spirit" is to be
pursued. Internalists also typically excel at the meditation
specialty of Occult.

Preferred Disciplines

Auspex is valued, because of its capacity to help tran-
scend the mortal plane and allow its user to experience the
spiritual world. Internalists often learn physical Disciplines
as self-defense. They tend not to practice such powers as
Dominate or Presence.

SHARIA EL-SAMA

Nickname: Ashirra

Basic BELIers

There have always been vampires who would try to
assuage God's wrath and attempt to adopt His laws to the
cursed existence of the undead. But few have stood in front
ofa prophet of the Lord and acknowledged his words. In the
city of Medina, in A.D. 623, a Cainite by the name of
Suleiman ibn Abdullah asked for an audience with the
Prophet Muhammad, thinking to use himasa pawn insome
game of the night. But the vampire was struck by the man's
divinity, and bowed before him.

Suleiman ibn Abdullah became the first of the Ashirra,
the Brotherhood, the vampires who kept God's holy law as
set down by His Final and Greatest Prophet Muhammad.
The Ashirra hold that the revelations of the Prophet coun-
terbalance the raging of the Beast, that the demon within
may be silenced, and that a vampire may seek forgiveness
from God through prayer and unbreakable faith.

Islam teaches that life is about moderation and balance.
No part of human experience is cursed or base; all can be
enjoyed in moderation. It is to indulge in the extremes of such
experience that is forbidden. Therefore, the Ashirra say the
Beast must be allowed a certain latitude. A vampire must feed
when hungry or be violent when threatened. Killing mortals
is frowned upon, but Allah created all things and all things
have a purpose, even vampires. Ashirra acknowledge that a
Beast denied can grow strong, and when that final release
occurs — and occur it will — it is overwhelming.

HieRARCHY OF SINS
oral Guideline
Fail »follow the Five Pillars of Islam, nightly

Not enlightening «

Rating
10
thers outside the faith to the
truth of Islam

when necessary

Failing to be charitable

Embracing an infidel
Enslaving another
Theft
Breakir
Murd

Slaying those under

xan oath

your protection

Turning away from the law of God

ErHIcs OFTHE DATH

© Do not feed from an unbeliever.

© When feeding from a believer, he must not be slain or left
too weak to perform his daily duties to God.

CHAINING THE BEAST

106


It is preferable to feed from animals, but an Ashirra must
never feed from pigs.

¢ Do not Embrace an unbeliever.

¢ Do not Embrace a believer unless he has given his
consent.

© The blood bond is a form of slavery. Ensnare only non-
believers in its trap. If one under the bond shows piety
toward God, free him.

© The enemy has many servants who would prey on believ-
ers. Defend those who follow God's law.

HIsToRY

This path was once known as the Tariq El-Sama, the
Road of Heaven. The Ashirra developed its precepts in the
nights following Abdullah's conversion.

The path peaked in the Golden Age of Islam, when the
holiest of empires stretched from the Iberian Peninsula to
the mountains of Afghanistan. In those nights, when
Baghdad and Medina were the greatest cities on Earth,
thousands of Cainites followed these laws.

As Islam fractured and stagnated, so did the path. As
the mortal descendants of the Prophet and his followers
became more concerned with temporal matters, and Euro-
pean civilization pushed back the boundaries of Islam,
fewer vampires sought to live by this way. The path split
into different sects — Sunni, Sufi, Shi'ite and still other,
heretical beliefs. While the Ashirra attempted to remain
above such quarrels, they were dragged in and the following
weakened further.

By the late 20th century, perhaps no more than a
hundred vampires still retained their old faith. The Ashirra
were mostly concentrated in the lands now called Saudi
Arabia, Iran and Afghanistan.

CuRRENT PRACTICES

The Ashirra do not care for mortal Jyhads or uprisings.
Such distractions are more related to temporal pursuits,
despite loud claims of divinity. Rather, the Ashirra seek to
defend Islam from the predation of vampires and other,
damned things. They rarely seek converts; Islam may be a
powerful, growing religion, but some amongst the Ashirra

remember the first caliphs and rarely believe today's mor-
tals or vampires worthy of their name.

DeSCRIPTION OF FOLLOWERS

There are perhaps 100 followers of this path active in
the Final Nights. They are all elders; the youngest is 300
years old. Adherents are somber, composed, dignified and
thoughtful. They insist on good manners and modest ap-
pearance, but think nothing of striking down a neonate
who offends them. Most dress traditionally: women in the
full hijab and men in acceptable garb. Most, however, know
that the word of the Prophet is not Arabic custom and
ultimately demand respect for God and his teachings, not
for local traditions.

FOLLOWING THE DATH

Ashirra are detached and proper, but are also excep-
tionally traditional and hidebound. Adherence to the
wisdom of the Prophet has saved their souls from much of
the weight of ages, and many are truly old. The modern
world scares them. They see it as a threat to the faith they
helped nurture, and to themselves.

Ashirra always show respect to those who have faith
and to those who seek knowledge. In Islam, the pen is
mightier than the sword. Ashirra once evangelized their
path. Now they just hope to open others' eyes to the jewels
of wisdom of the Prophet's words.

Virtues

The Ashirra maintain Conscience and Self-Control.

Common Abilities

The path emphasizes proficiency in Leadership and
Expression in those who would be priests. All have some
knowledge of Linguistics, Law and Occult. Others are adept
at Academics and Politics. Many have high scores in
several Lores.

Preferred Disciplines

Auspex, Fortitude and Obfuscate are particularly val-
ued. Blood magic is looked upon with suspicion, and
"cursed" Disciplines such as Serpentis, Daimoinon and
Vicissitude are forbidden.

Carter THrée: PATHS OF ENLIGHTENMENT

107


\\

trabhstd Pas

To follow a Path of Enlightenment is to sell your soul

in return for sanity. A path protects one's identity against
the Beast. By sacrificing Humanity, by altering your out-
look, you remain yourself. All it costs is your soul.

Humanity is an overused word in Vampire games.
"Humanity" is not a sliding alignment scale. It does not
merely measure morality. In a crude way, it measures the
capacity to love, feel, empathize, care and to enjoy
experiences. As Humanity falls, a character loses those
capabilities, but more importantly she sees those capa=
bilities as liabilities. Humanity is a precious thing,
holding with it the possibilities of love, redemptiontand
contentment. But as Humanity slips away —and itwill
slip away — the Trait itself becomes a sign of weakness:
The Beast leeches away at‘the soul: It becomes easierfor
a vampire to give in, Himanity carries with it idéalising
dreams, newAvays of thinking. As the Beast takes hold;
stasis sets jh.

Onicé lost, Humanity is almost impossible to regain.
A-Path of Enlightenment offersethe<distant hope of
sdmehow$taving off the Beast, tomaintain something of:
one's. self; But the price is high. Humanitymause bé
utterly rejected, You sell your soul.

‘By starting of a pathy You admit defeat in order to
entémanew contest.

V AMPIRES=— IN AND
OUT OF CHARACTER

Stoker called vampires undead demi-demons. Vam-
pires are products of human fascination with sexuality
and mortality. They are tightly bound to Catholic ico-
nography, fetish pornography and glamour. They're like

old movie stars or the Picture of Dorian Grey in reverse.
Old movie stars get old and die, but their false faces
remain, bigger than the mortal actors could ever be.
Vampires are like that. Forever young and beautiful and
unconstrained, they are true decadents, able to indulge
in anything, with all eternity in which to do it. What-
ever makes them human eventually grows old and dies,
but their false face — their glamorous, seductive and
erotic image — never fades.

Some in the World of Darkness would say the spawn
af Caine are walking corpses held together by the Curse
that animates them. Others speak of a "static" state,
trapped-between life and death. These are valid observa-
tions, but Hone_can define what a vampire is to any
satisfaction.

Either way, one key conceptemerges to define Cainites:
perversion. Vampires.are théessence Of pefyersion.

Plenty of Vampire. players discuss whether the
Damned can have sex,or whether their feeding istape or
im any Way morally justifiable. In the end, the undead'go
Jong past conventionalNnotality. The only vampire to
Stand on-thetmoral high‘ground is one alreadyjdead. To
feed.isito rape, to demean, tkill; to,dominate, to move
‘sO farpast petty concepts of simas to make thé discussion
laughable. The Kindred are evil" Weallknow what evil
is: We know and we pretend we do nor The-Kifidred are
evil and we are their food. Their humanity is an idle
thing, an immaturity, like an adolescent's belief that he
will one day marry MTV's latest goddess or change the
world. Cainites' attempts to reach "enlightenment,"
their obsession with retaining human morality, are noth-
ing more than a sadomasochistic compulsion, a desire to

Cuarrer Four: Known THE Way

10


feel — something, anything. But they become jaded. It
happens a little at first, slowly, and as the years and
decades pass everything gets easier. Lies are difficult to
maintain. The truth is always less trouble. Trying to
remain humane is a lie and lying, even to oneself, is a
challenge. Eventually, all lies fall away.

The key to vampiric sexuality, philosophy and iden-
tity — and the Paths of Enlightenment these things
spawn — is that perversion. In the same way that vampiric
hunger is a perversion of mortal hunger, Cainite biology
is perverted. (Forget concepts of "trapped in stasis" or
"animated corpse"). Perversion permeates them. They
are flesh and blood, but no longer human. It is a hellish
transubstantiation. They are wrong things walking, crea-
tures from the fringes of the forbidden. It's worth
considering what that means. They're not "unnatural"
in the New Age sense, not "trapped away from the Life
Force" or anything like that, although those concepts
are true in their own way. They're simply something that
should not be.

Of course, the paths can ward off the last and worst
aspects of perversion, or make the descent seem like less
of a loss, but once Humanity, the soul, is gone, only the
monster awaits. And thus is the nature of vampirism.

9)
A STORYTELLER S
PERSPECTIVE

Paths make good story fodder. Paths offer motiva-
tion for Storyteller characters. They're McGuffins to
dangle in front of your players to initiate stories, and
they offer ways to explore the stranger elements of the
World of Darkness. Followers of the Path of Caine seek
Noddist lore, and compete with each other as scholars
and rivals. Followers of the Path of Blood seek to out-do
one another in their efforts to serve the teachings of
Haqim and to come closer to the sight of God.

Followers of a Path cannot sit still and wait for
enlightenment. They must pursue it. If a supplicant does
not move forward, she does not move at all. A character
who does not progress is in imminent danger of stum-
bling back down the path. By adopting a course, a player
commits her character to your story and chronicle. Your
challenge is to tailor developments to reflect the
character's newfound priorities. Once you make these
changes, the path character becomes an integral part of
the proceedings. She wants to pursue the goals you hint
at or lay out. Instead of trying to find new ways to
motivating different characters (and their players) to
take action, having a character follow a path is akin to
getting her player to "sign on the dotted line" and
involve herself fully in your chronicle. The character is
obligated to do and act.

Paths of Enlightenment can also be used to high-
light some of the core themes of Vampire: personal
horror, the struggle with the Beast and the relationship

of a damned thing with its god. Say a player portrays a
thug of some sort, perhaps a stereotypical Brujah
gangbanger. They've been involved in the game for a
while. The player has managed to make his character
reasonably interesting and successful, but he's bored. He
feels as if he's experienced everything the character can
do. One solution might be to create a new character, or
the existing character can be reborn by adopting a Path
of Enlightenment. By adopting the Path of Entelechy or
the Path of Honorable Accord, the character can be
renewed in many ways and his motivations can be bound
more tightly to your chronicle.

Paths are also excellent ways of "buying back" accu-
mulated experience points. Particular paths encourage
certain Attributes or Disciplines to be improved. No, the
player can't have his character go off and learn Dark
Thaumaturgy. His Path of Death and the Soul prizes
Linguistics. The character's mentor expects him to learn
new languages. If the player refuses, that's the basis for an
interesting (if painful) story.

THe DATHASA FRATERNITY

Some paths focus on individual pursuits and their
adherents form few social groups. But most are shared
churches of interest, supported by dozens of vampires of
similar nature. Many have pecking orders based on
advancement and internal politics. Others have ex-
tended and baroque hierarchies rivaling those of any
mortal congregation.

Paths are fraternities the way clans are not. Path
members can be expected to support each other, and
they tend to have similar goals. Followers have fraternal
gatherings as well — High Mass for the Path of Redemp-
tion, and celebrations of the words of the First Vampire
for the Path of Caine, for example. These gatherings can
involve all vampires of the same devotion in an area.
And where vampires gather, politics always ensue. A
priest of a path could make a sermon condemning a local
Sabbat bishop who doesn't share the path's code of
ethics. A noted scholar of another course could call for
deliberate action against a "common foe," work to dis-
credit a rival or even ask for help in finding a piece of
information. Some cities are considered important to
certain path members. Even Sabbat leaders are loath to
upset the Path of Redemption in Montreal or the Path of
Death and the Soul in Toronto due to the political
influence of those groups' members. A character in your
chronicle could lead the entire pack into unlife as social
and political forces or outcasts.

Such fraternal politics can add an extra dimension to
a Vampire chronicle. Sometimes, to create a change of
pace or to cover up for the absence of several members of
the troupe, characters on a path might be invited to a
fraternal "conference." Perhaps other roleplayers in your
area could be invited and players could interact as their
characters, debating the nature of their calling. Granted,
such a meeting might not reflect the events of one's
chronicle world, but it would be an interesting departure.

CHAINING THE BEAST


CHALLENGES

One of the hardest things for any Storyteller to do is
create morality-driven obstacles for path characters to
face. No philosophy should be a perfect fit for any
character, given the inherently strange and foreign na-
ture of paths. The unfortunate truth is that many players
choose the Path of What I Was Going To Do Anyway,
leaving it up to the Storyteller to fit the difficult parts of
a character's morality into the game.

Morality has always been at the core of Vampire.
("A Beast I am, lest a Beast I become" was the mantra of
the first edition.) By choosing to take her character
down a Path of Enlightenment, a player implicitly asks
the Storyteller to build storylines and roleplay around
the character's morality. One of the responsibilities of
the Storyteller, then, is to make sure that players are
aware of the consequences. Inform your troupe up front
that if they intend to walk their characters on Paths of
Enlightenment they won't find the experience to be
trivial or easy.

That's not to say that characters on paths should be
abused per se, but in an "ordinary" Vampire story characters
face a minor crisis of Humanity roughly every night — do I
feed or not? A Storyteller might not play up that challenge
during every evening of every story. In general, though,
characters on paths should face minor and ordinary crises as
often as a Humanity-driven characters would.

As Storyteller, there are several general ways in which
you can pose moral roleplaying challenges. You can present
asituation that creates tension between two different tenets
of a path. You can create tension between a path and a
character's immediate goals. Or you can create tension
between two characters on different paths. But be careful.
Don't make each situation too contrived or players will lose
their suspension of disbelief. They'll recognize that "this is
the point in the story when we have to make a moral
choice." Your goal isn't to force the characters to fail in goals
that aren't related to paths, or to cause them to fail in their
callings. Your goal is to encourage meaningful, exciting and
memorable roleplaying.

Goals

Your first and probably easiest choice as Storyteller
is to arrange an upcoming story so that the pack's goals
are in opposition to one or more characters' paths. A
group including Cathari vampires might be sent into a
Camarilla stronghold to quietly spy and gain informa-
tion about the local Camarilla. The nightly restraint
necessary to pull this off is a violation of the level-10 sin
for these characters. Avoiding the sorts of hedonistic
debauchery that the Cathari thrive on is sure to inspire
some angst within the pack.

You need to be aware of the goals of your troupe's
characters in general and once you are, you can set up
situations in which the their paths and goals collide. A
follower of Power and the Inner Voice may need to spend a
year ina city controlled by a powerful vampire who seems to

be a fool. A Cainite on the Path of Night who wishes to
become bishop of a Sabbat city has a hard time coinciding
the necessary politics with his path, and as Storyteller you
should have no problems dropping obstacles in his way.

Of course, many paths are structured so that ordi-
nary unlives are difficult enough for followers. It is a
level-2 violation of the Path of Lilith to fail to dispense
pain and anguish. Bahari must wander around, infliciting
suffering, or they must commit a crime as serious as
casual murder is to a Humanity follower. It is an act of
utter and hideous debasement for a follower Night to say,
"I'm sorry." You don't have to do a lot of work to force
characters following paths to deal with the limitations of
their morality. Again, make sure that players know going
in that their characters will be forced into an inhumanly
nasty code. Forewarned is forearmed.

Tenets

A more complex story possibility is to pick two
tenets of a given path and come up with a situation that
sets them in opposition. A follower of the Path of Blood
must fulfill a contract, but he cannot act against another
one of the Children of Haqim. What if he takes a
contract not knowing that his target is another Assamite?
Perhaps a Metamorphosist discovers that a particular
sort of bodily modification is extremely pleasurable.
Should he stop, knowing that pleasures of the flesh are
forbidden, or continue, knowing that body modification
is mandatory?

Cross Durposes

Members of certain paths naturally come into con-
flict with one another. Their aims are so contradictory
that they cannot help but collide. Members of the Path
of the Bones deliberately kill just to learn about death.
Members of the Path of Night keep mortals alive in order
to let people "earn" more sin. The Path of Paradox
encourages violations of ordinary morality, while the
Path of Honorable Accord focuses on self-discipline and
loyalty. When coming up with story ideas, look for
points where the callings of two or more packmates
could collide, and insert story hooks at those points.

ADVANCING ON DATHS

In game terms, you must spend a number of experi-
ence points equal to twice the desired rating in order to
increase your character's path rating. But in story terms,
it's not that easy. Course advancement makes certain
demands. In most cases, a Cainite must have a teacher to
guide her. She must prove that she is learning and must
undergo a change of outlook. Neither of these feats is
easy to accomplish.

THe TEACHER

A teacher is a vampire who is advanced in the path
and who leads less-enlightened Cainites into the strange
philosophies that they must comprehend. Depending on
his own path, Nature and ideals of a prospective student,
a teacher may require a boon for his services. Generous

Cuarrer Four: Knowinc THE Way

il

teachers or those who wish to evangelize their paths are
unlikely to require payment. Introspective masters or
those confronted with prospective students who do not
appear serious or compatible may demand a great favor
or may refuse outright.

A new student must pass through an initiation to
prove herself worthy of a mentor's time. A Noddist
instructor might force a vampire to meditate on the
Book of Nod, all the while preaching about how the
applicant has failed as one of the undead and is unworthy
of attention. A Cathar teacher could afflict a character
in a particularly intense consolamentum that nearly de-
stroys her, but that somehow equips her to plunge into
her quest to tame the Beast. Such initiations are typi-
cally highly ritualistic — they are a communion with the
spiritual core of a path. Others are highly intimate. Both
may be best suited to occur in downtime, unless a Story-
teller doesn't believe a character (or player) is suited to
a path and needs to be shown why.

Or you can turn the pursuit of a teacher into a plotline
of its own. Ten years ago, the majority of True Sabbat
followed a Path of Enlightenment. Now, perhaps half that
number does. Many may be on an equal or lesser footing in
the sect than your troupe's characters. Some teachers evan-
gelize and recruit followers, while others expect followers to
come to them. The players' characters therefore have to
earn an instructor's time, proving themselves over all other
applicants. Sect politics and intra-clan and path rivalries
also play a factor. A Sabbat teacher on the Path of the Beast
does not adopt a Camarilla Gangrel (though he might
accept autarkis Gangrel). A Lasombra on the Path of Night
does not indulge an antitribu — or worse, a Ventrue student.
A teacher of the Path of Revelations ensures that students
do not associate with followers of other paths. Would-be
students therefore have to demonstrate their worth and
readiness

If a teacher is needed to follow a character's path,
that trainer should be "paid for" as a Mentor Back-
ground. This instructor can join any existing Mentor in
a character's unlife (which could lead to rivalries be-
tween them). The Storyteller could also permit a player
to migrate his character's Mentor Background points
from an old instructor to a path teacher if the character
becomes more reliant on his new guide.

Experienced characters with high path ratings may
themselves attract students, if they answer a call that
encourages the dissemination of knowledge. As Story-
teller, youcan use such relationships to pull longstanding
characters into the politics and activities of newer char-
acters. In most groups, having students is a status symbol,
but characters must be careful what students they take
and how they teach them. Having ignorant or failed
pupils causes a teacher to lose face, too. Players do not
need to spend Background points to represent the acqui-
sition of students, since novices represent work and
provide few short-term benefits to their masters.

PROOF OF ADVANCEMENT

Few teachers take the time to educate a Cainite who
does not truly wish to progress down a path. Ifa sin roll
fails, a student has languished at her current level too
long, or has not followed the rituals and procedures of
the faith, it is hard to convince a tutor to continue. Proof
of a student's good intentions can include participating
in path rituals regularly, and having a damned good
excuse when they are missed. A Noddist who fails to
appear for a ceremony because she's off on a crusade has
a valid — and admirable — reason. A follower of the
Path of Redemption who never attends High Mass be-
cause she is "busy" does not.

A path demands more than simply "following the
rules." It expects effort and commitment on a character's
part. In the write-ups for each of the Paths of Enlighten-
ment is a list of "Preferred Disciplines" and "Common
Abilities." A character who shows promise in these
Disciplines and Abilities is more appealing to a teacher
than one who doesn't.

CHANGING

Before a character can advance down her road, the
player must roleplay her pursuit to the satisfaction of the
Storyteller and (depending on the group's style) the
troupe. This demonstration is not trivial. The player
must have roleplayed the path well. You can inspire
players by encouraging them to read their path write-ups
in this book, and by educating them through the ex-
amples and lessons of any teachers. A caveat, however:
Pursuit of a Path of Enlightenment is a highly individual
exercise. If you ask a hundred followers of the Path of
Honorable Accord to define "honor," you might get 50
different answers. Final judgment must therefore always
come from the Storyteller. It may also prove worthwhile
to consult the player in private. He might not feel that
his character has advanced sufficiently to justify an
increase in rating, even if you and the rest of the troupe
feel otherwise. The player's preferences in this matter
should certainly be paramount.

ADVANCING

You may wish to leave path advancement entirely in
players' hands once the criteria of starting down a course
are fulfilled. Or you might want to use game-mechanic
advancement as a tool. But just because a character has
fulfilled some requirements of advancement does not
automatically mean a precious path point is gained. By
accomplishing her goals, a character can get a note in
the Storyteller's book for future reference. If you need a
plot point ina hurry, a teacher might ask for a small favor
from a character and then acknowledge her progression,
or if s player is absent that week, her character's Mentor
"unexpectedly takes her to a secret haven to teach her
the next secrets of the path." A character's progress in a
path can occur at whatever pace best suits the develop-
ment of events in your game.


AFTER ADVANCEMENT

Once a character advances on a path, her problems
change. By developing, she earns responsibility and her
actions are increasingly restricted. Yes, there's truth and
enlightenment and perhaps the distant hope of Golconda,
and she has established some emotional distance be-
tween herself and the Beast, but she must act in an ever
less humane manner. She has fewer options, less wriggle
room in her decision-making. Her unlife belongs more to
the path than to herself. Each advancement comes with
a higher price in experience points, and a much, much
higher price in terms of roleplaying requirements.

UsING THE HieRARCHY OF SINS

Morality has always been a crucial part of Vampire.
The ultimate enemy in the game is neither the Sabbat
nor the Camarilla. It's not Lupines. It's not the
Antediluvians. It is oneself. You can fight against the
Sabbat or flee from Lupines. You can work to halt the
Antediluvians' waking, but the Beast will always get you
in the end. Vampire is a horror story. It's not about
fanged superheroes. Few undead fight for some higher
cause. Most merely seek to occupy themselves, come to
terms with their natures, and buy themselves a little
freedom in their nocturnal existence.

Cainites must weigh every moral decision carefully.
There is no easy way to escape the Beast, and each action
or decision could trigger a descent toward it. As Story-
teller, you can manage the tension in your game by
carefully choosing the moments that require degenera-
tion checks. Calling for rolls when a vampire does
anything offensive toward his avocation might grow tire-
some. And yet, calling the checks only once per session
takes emphasis off such a crucial element of the game.

A good rule of thumb is for degeneration checks to
happen once per scene, maximum. You might also call
for them each time a character makes a decision that is
crucial to the plot currently underway, but that conflicts
with the tenets of his existence. If in the initial scene of
anight's play a vampire hurts one of her vessels unthink-
ingly, a degeneration check might be appropriate. If a
character commits a minor transgression in the process
of advancing the story (making the game proceed), then
use discretion. If, however, a character comes to after a
frenzy at the climax of a scene and realizes that the
mobster he was interrogating has been torn to shreds,
then that is a potentially dramatic and justifiable time to
call for a degeneration roll.

Discuss the timing of such rolls with your players. Do
not avoid asking for rolls merely because the players say
rolls are restrictive. That's the point of degeneration
checks: Paths are restrictive. Only if the players feel that
rolls hamper the flow of the story might consider their
pleas, and then roleplaying should compensate for true
or wayward behavior.

PATHS AND THE TROUPE
Following a higher purpose can be difficult to
roleplay. Humanity is challenging enough to play con-

OptTionat Rute: Harsu HrerarRcuHy

Hierarchies of Sin work by narrowing a character's
moral choices. If a character is at level 4 on the Path
of the Beast, a degeneration roll must be made for him
if he shows mercy to a dangerous opponent, even if,
there is perfectly good reason to spare the foe. The
logic is obvious. By not following the path's precepts,
the path is of little use in defending one's sanity from
the Beast.

What if Hierarchies of Sin worked differently,
though, inclusively? Human religions tend to expect a
worshipper to accept the whole of their teachings.
Imagine if it was the same amongst the undead. What
if any violation of any of a path's tenets could trigger
a degeneration roll, no matter a character's rating?
Your vampire may be at level 4 of the Path of the Beast,
but what if she slays an enemy that doesn't directly
threaten her? That's a level-7 sin. If you decided that
all tenets of a path are enforceable upon any follower,
all sins might be punishable.

Under this optional rule, the Storyteller may call
for a degeneration roll if a character violatesany tenet
of his path. If the roll fails, there are two possibilities.
If the violation is below the character's path rating,
the character loses a rating point as he normally
would. If the violation is above his path rating, a
second roll is made. If that is a failure or a botch, your
character's path rating is reduced by one. By sinning
against any part of one's path, even at a low rating, a
vampire might doubt his suitability for that calling.

This is an awfully harsh optional rule, but it's
excellent for separating the wheat from the chaff
where followings are concerned. And perhaps that's
how it should be. It should be challenging to resist the
Beast, and characters who pay lip service to their paths
may quickly learn that they're fated for monstrosity.
Storytellers should clarify any such rule with players
before a character adopts a Path of Enlightenment.
Indeed, if you enforce this rule for paths you should
probably enforce it for Humanity as well (unless the
theme that you wish to express is that Humanity is
preferable to any path).

vincingly — its foundations can be so intuitive for us
that we can't grasp how we're human. We just are. That
said, Paths of Enlightenment are exceptionally difficult
to depict. They're recommended for experienced
roleplayers only. The fundamental problem with follow-
ings is that few players can really get into the "headspace"
a path demands. Devious players may have their charac-
ters adopt paths merely to save their heavily "statted"
creations from being whisked away by the Storyteller.
Such players could merely scan the Hierarchy of Sins to
see what they can "get away with." They look at the Path
of the Bones and decide that since their characters are
level 5, there's no choice but for their vampires to kill
mortals indiscriminately. "The opportunity presented

Carter Four: Known THE Way

113


itself," they might say. Such people can be disruptive to
the game.

There are two problems here. Be careful not to
conflate them. The first is the problem of the player
searching for the "Path of What I Wanted to Do Any-
way." The second is the (in-game) problem that a Cainite
on a heinous path causes to his environment, by cal-
lously killing mortals and so on.

As Storyteller, one of your responsibilities is to talk to
players before their characters start down a path. Make sure
thata player who looks for the Path of What | Wanted to Do
Anyway isaware that any calling has roleplaying challenges,
some of them doubtless not exactly what he really wants. If
he still chooses a particular course, don't go out of your way
to punish his character with the "hard parts" of his direction,
but don't stint either. Enforce degeneration rolls. If the
character is on a path that encourages him to kill without
regard for the consequences, make sure to hit him with
Storyteller characters who he ought to kill but needs to keep
alive (or likes). If he's on a very insular path, one that
discourages interaction with outsiders, make sure that elders
and mentors on that path regularly question him about the
time he spends with his current coterie or pack, implying
that the others are not trustworthy or worth his time.

As to the ramifications of a character taking on a
very "liberal" path (one that lets him kill mortals and
Cainites as he pleases), have the word spread in-game
and in-character that the vampire is not to be trusted.
Make it difficult for the character to find support and aid
outside his path. Have other Cainites demand boons in
return for any kind of help. Suddenly the appeal "of
doing what I want when I want" may prove a burden and
indeed a hollow promise.

STORYTELLER CHARACTERS AND DATHS

When running Storyteller characters on paths, re-
member that vampire callings are evil and monstrous (by
human mortal standards). Many paths are purely intel-
lectual pursuits; ordinary emotions are secondary. Play
this monstrosity up when introducing path-adherent
characters of your own. Be distant to everyone. Deliber-
ately (in character) violate decorum and social mores.
When asked a question, pause before answering, as if
barely tolerating the interruption. Have Storyteller char-
acters obsess about their paths' tenets. Ask other players'
characters for their judgments on tenet issues and then
dismiss those opinions. Treat others' ideas in general
with a degree of polite (or overt) contempt.

Write down why your character walks this path and how
it influences his actions toward others. Make aset of guidelines
for yourself to represent the character, based on the Hierarchies
of Sin and path profiles in this book. Define the character's
relationships with others—his following undoubtedly changes
those for the worse. The character's calling drives his agenda,
soitcan bean important plotelement. Your players may be able
to use your character's path against him, or their unfamiliarity
with it may make him unfathomable.

Played well, your character can be feared and mistrusted.

CHANNING THE Beast
114


OpTiIonat Rute: Bonus DERANGEMENTS

Paths are particular, obsessive views on reality. By |
charting a course, it's likely that a character has)
already crossed the Rubicon of sanity more than once.
As Storyteller, instead of subtracting points from a
character's rating when he violates tenets, you might
impose a derangement. In this way, the character!
manages to avoid the Beast for a while longer, but his"
transgressions break something inside. In the Vam-_
pire rules, a failed degeneration roll results in a loss of |
path rating. When a degeneration roll botches, how- |
ever, a character loses a point of path rating and |
Conscience (or Instinct), and gains a derangement..
As an alternative, a character could gain a derange-_
ment on a failed roll instead of losing a point of path
rating. This approach wouldn't have to occur on every
failure. You may choose to apply it only when the
character violates his path when his temporary Will-
power is low, or when he violates one of the core"
tenets of his following (a level 1 to 3 violation, rather |
than a relatively minor violation of the 7 to 10 te-;
nets). If a botch occurs, the normal rules apply.

This is an optional rule, of course. Storytellers
should be aware that it actually applies more strictures —
on characters' actions than the ordinary gain and loss ©
of path rating would. A lost point makes it harder for
a vampire to walk the high moral road, but incurring"
a derangement can impact all parts of his existence.

PATHs AND THE LONG-TERM CHRONICLE

Players and Storytellers familiar with Dark Ages:
Vampire may note a similarity between Vampire's paths
and Dark Ages' Roads. The similarities are deliberate.
Roads are the forefathers (sometimes distant, sometimes
near) of modern-day paths. There are significant differ-
ences between how the Roads and paths work, however.

(Specifically, incompatibilities in Hierarchy of Sin me-
chanics, and the Dark Ages Aura rules.) So what does
that mean for a long-term chronicle? If you and your
group are running a game similar to that of "The
Transylvania Chronicles," how should you manage
changes in morality over time?

Paths are not Skills, Attributes or Disciplines. Walk-
ing a path may be a lonely, obsessive experience, but
they can be social as well as psychological guides. To
follow a course without reinforcement from other fol-
lowers is difficult. So how would an adherent of, say, the
Road of Sin progress to the Path of Cathari? Unless the
character was one of the Sabbat seen in Giovanni
Chronicles 2 who actually sat down and categorized the
Path of Cathari as an "acceptable" Sabbat pursuit, a lot
of Cathari practitioners are new and somewhat unfamil-
iar to a Sin follower. Eventually, sometime long past the
end of the Dark Ages, the character finds himself with-
out support or teachers. The aged vampire can no longer
realistically advance on the Road of Sin. The only
option for future progress is to adopt the similar, but still
different, Path of Cathari. There is a penalty, though.
How much of a penalty depends on the Storyteller and
fellow players, but a good rule of thumb would be for the
character to take up the path at one or three points lower
than his former rating (one for low-level Road charac-
ters, three for high level). Another possibility is to
simply convert Road rating over to path rating and
ruthlessly inflict degeneration rolls for a few game ses-
sions. Alternatively, ifa character's Road rating is not an
important issue or if the character followed the Road of
Kings, Road of Heaven or Road of Humanity, just con-
vert the character back to Humanity at half rating.

Or else, just assume that a transition from a Road to a
related path goes well, and differences between Hierarchies
of Sin are a result of changed focus and not an issue.

Carter Four: KNOWING THE WAY

115


Every Path of Enlightenment has its notable fig-
ures. As opposed to those of most mortal religions and
philosophies, it isn't a given that a path's founder has
died in the centuries since the movement came into
being. Of course, the founders of the most ancient
callings (such as the Path of the Beast) may be lost to

the mists of time. If such creatures still exist, they are
surely in torpor and immensely dangerous to any fool
who dares disturb them. Indeed, many of the founders
of the recognized Sabbat paths were at their prime in
the 17th century and have faded from activity in the
subsequent centuries.

Some of the most influential path followers in
the Final Nights therefore aren't founders, but active
adherents. Some proselytize, spreading the word of
their faith, while others are repositories of knowledge
or masters willing to teach the worthy.

The characters in this chapter can figure into a
chronicle as mentors, students or fellow travelers.
Players who read the following text should not as-
sume that these characters' backgrounds or
motivations hold true in their chronicles. Storytell-
ers are encouraged to change and revise each of these
Cainites to fit their needs.

FerGus ALEXANDER,

GANGREL ARCHON
13th generation, childe of William Luft
Clan: Gangrel
Nature: Masochist

Demeanor: Deviant
Embrace: 1993

Apparent Age: Late 20s
Morality: Path of Harmony 4
Willpower: 5

Quote: Bugger off.

Background: Fergus Alexander was born to a
shit-poor Irish family that had moved from Belfast to
the slums of Manchester. His father was "foreign" —
Turkish, Bosnian or something like that. Alexander
didn't know — his father didn't stick around. The kid
grew up hard as nails, cynical and disillusioned. He
was tough, but he yearned for peace and freedom.
After turning 18, having no other prospects, he left
Manchester and joined the British army.

For the first time, he felt at home. Enduring,
smart and brave, he was just what the army was
looking for. A series of postings followed: Belfast,
Sarajevo, the Gulf and then a tour back in the Home
Counties. Hereford seemed the next stop — a com-
mission and a transfer to the SAS.

But his record was marred by blemishes. Like the
time he caught three Irish thugs knee-capping a 16-
year-old boy for the crime of smiling at one of the
thugs' girlfriends. Or the time he and his squad killed
three Serbian "snipers" in the hills above Sarajevo.
And then there was the fact that he was some kind of
dark-skinned half-breed.

CHANNING THE BEAST

116

So, promotions were delayed. He knew who he
was dealing with when he committed those offenses:
different faces put on the same, old gangsters, all
pretending to follow a cause. He knew that dozens if
not hundreds of people were still alive because he and
his boys did what they did. But, right or wrong didn't
seem to matter. And Alexander's disillusionment
only intensified as the government's soft approach to
the Balkan crisis reduced British troops to mere wit-
nesses to mass murder.

It was on leave, on the rough end of a bender in
a Liverpool pub, that Alexander met the woman who
ended his life. He had been talking to her drunkenly
about Sarajevo, and she said she had been there. She
kissed him sometime later, and when he awoke.

Alexander has been on the move ever since,
going wherever his feet take him. The Ventrue "con-
sultant" Frederick Van Tongeren hired him as a killer
in London, and his success there led to an appoint-
ment as an archon to Gangrel Justicar Xaviar.
Following Xaviar's defection, Alexander worked fre-
quently with Van Tongeren in his role as "freelance
strategist." The pair traveled constantly, helping
Camarilla princes fight off Sabbat attacks. It was
enjoyable for a time, but the constant destruction
took its toll.

Alexander eventually had to face the damage
he'd wrought. One morning, he found himself on a
rooftop in Ottawa, surrounded by piles of dust that

had been Sabbat vampires moments before. It was
then that he realized he was losing his soul. The
others whom he had helped seemed unperturbed.
Alexander instinctively knew better. He went into
the wilderness alone that night and was not seen for
months. In Labrador, he encountered the Cainite
Celeste. She had fled the Sabbat since the purge of
her harmonist path, and she initiated him in return
for his protection. Alexander has returned to Europe
since and has resumed communication — though not
employment — with Van Tongeren.

Alexander is a typical follower of what's left of
the Path of Harmony. He seeks to balance the rem-
nants of his humanity with the powerful urges and
instincts of his undead nature. He has accepted his
Beast, and his feral side, but retains a very human
nature. He is personable if gruff, and has a black sense
of humor. He has not lost his identity, but is deadlier
than ever and has fervently returned to his duties as
an archon.

Image: Alexander retains a little of his father's
dark skin in unlife. He is scruffy; Embraced with three
days' beard growth. His hair is longer than army
regulation, and similarly unkempt. Alexander dresses
in jeans and boots, but keeps his old army flak jacket.

Roleplaying Hints: A former British soldier, you
were tough and cynical. You've always been quietly
confident, having proven yourself to the nastiest of
the Sheffield squaddies. Now you're a vampire —
tougher and stronger than ever before, yet something
of a fallen knight. You were one of the best of the
best... but now what are you? You're quick to anger
and you fight without mercy. If you see gangsters or
bullies or thugs preying on anyone, you can barely
control yourself. You refuse to see this as a weakness.
Yours is not a killing rage; it's cold, methodical vio-
lence. No one has beaten you yet. The Path of
Harmony offers you the freedom to indulge your Beast
on occasion. Speak with a harsh, working-class Belfast
accent. You have a very dry, cruel sense of humor.

AUL FORREST,
ALSE PROPHET OF PARADOR

9th generation, childe of Ganesh

Clan: Ravnos

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Rogue

Embrace: 1997

Apparent Age: 23

Morality: Path of Paradox 6

Willpower: 4

Quote: I don't know for certain who I am, but I
know what you are.... I know only too well.

Background: Forrest was the adopted child of
wealthy Philadelphia parents. He went to an Ivy
League university after a prestigious private school.
He never wanted for anything.

‘Aprenpix: FELLOW TRAVELERS

117


His college years were a blur of shining exam
results, sex, beer, parties and drugs. He made it all
look effortless. Moving on to a well-paying job in
sales at a Fortune 500 company, he was on the way up.
He had a head for figures and a heart for business, his
boss Mike Goran said proudly. Forrest was "his sort."

At least, Forrest was the right sort until he no-
ticed a pattern to Goran's behavior that didn't make
sense. His boss missed whole weeks of work at a time
— said he'd built up a ton of comp time on some big
projects the previous year — and invariably returned
looking gaunt and exhausted. If the time off was
supposed to be vacation, it certainly didn't have the
desired effect. And when Goran was in the office, he
spent a lot of time in late-night meetings with myste-
tious clients whom he never referred to by name —
"the Paris client" and "the Moscow customer."

Then things started going wrong in Forrest's life.
He lost his job — Mike blamed the "new-economy
competition" and "this Internet thing." His credit
rating evaporated. Before long, his savings account
was empty. Then, at the end of his rope, unable to go
on and subsisting in a flea-ridden motel, a stranger
barged his room. The man simply announced that he
was going to take Paul home.

The vampire — "the Paris client" — attacked
Forrest, drank his blood and then opened his own
wrist to a dying mouth. Forrest became one of the

Ravnos. He was told he had all of eternity before him,
but that time was not on his side. The year was 1998,
and things were stirring far to the east. Forrest's sire
owed a sizeable favor to a distant elder. Forrest found
himself dispatched to Kosovo to intercept a thief who
had stolen an important relic from an elder in north-
eastern India. Having retrieved the artifact, Forrest
made the mistake of examining it. The thing con-
tained within — perhaps the spirit of some long-dead
Ravnos — sliced into his soul. It gave him under-
standing. It gave him knowledge. But Forrest existed
in excruciating pain.

He hid in the German city of Bonn after the
Sabbat siege. Each day as he slept and sweated blood,
the thing whispered to him, to his soul, speaking of
the Mayaparisataya and the lord of the rakshasas,
Ravnos. The titan was going to rise, it told him. In
July 1999, when the Antediluvian awoke, the ancient
possessor forced Forrest to witness everything.

Forrest came to understand that the entity seared
into his spirit was once a Saddhu of the eastern
Ravnos. The ancient, its name long forgotten, was a
saint of the Path of Paradox, the true Path of Illusory
Truth. Fate had chosen Forrest to be the voice of the
lost and forgotten following.

The Ravnos are a mere few now, and the old soul
demands that Forrest find each one. He travels Eu-
rope and North America in search of surviving clan
members, sharing with them the secrets that the
thing within him whispers. Some see him as a prophet,
others as a pain-maddened fool. Perhaps they're both
right.

Image: A former 20-something yuppie. The road
has been hard on Forrest. His hair is long and frayed,
and his eyes are constantly bloodshot. The scar where
the spirit invaded his body is evident. A series of
black veins snakes across his chest to his neck.

He still wears Armani suits, though.

Roleplaying Hints: You have not stopped run-
ning, but you are still the wonder kid with a MBA.
You are smart and insightful, and you always keep an
eye on the prize. One night, you'll find some way to
avenge your death and the fate that's befallen you.
But for now, you're a pawn in a bigger game. Some-
thing has its claws in your soul and you've crossed the
brink of madness more times than you can remember.
Yet your possessor's revelations about the true Path of
Paradox and the history of the Ravnos allow you some
focus, something to drive away the insanity — at least
for a while.

Justine CHEN, INNOCENT ABROAD
12th generation, childe of Monique Kim
Clan: Toreador antitribu
Nature: Masochist
Demeanor: Deviant
Embrace: 1999

CHAINING THE Beast

118


Apparent Age: Early 20s (she seems younger,
perhaps mid- to late teens)

Morality: Path of Cathari 3

Willpower: 5

Quote: No, I've never seen anything like that be-
fore. Come here and show me again.

Background: Justine Chen was born in Montreal,
Canada, in 1977 to a conservative Chinese family.
While her parents were successful, they considered
life in Montreal simply as something to be endured
before returning to the homeland. Members of Chen's
family had worked in North America for over a cen-
tury, but always returned to their ancestral village in
Taiwan. Every generation of Chens did its best to
shelter the next from the most decadent influences of
the West. Chen Yi named his daughter Meihua, but
in school she took the name Justine — to flout
tradition and to better fit in among her classmates.
Meihua was educated in French and English, but her
parents never let her forget that she was Chinese.

As the years passed, however, the family business
faltered; it became a matter of pride for Justine's
father. He would return to Taiwan a wealthy man or
he would not return at all. Overhead, taxes and rising
labor costs kept that goal out of reach. Perhaps Justine
would not be forced to leave, after all. Maybe she

could get used to life in Canada. Indeed, when she
entered high school, she slowly, quietly experimented

with the little rebellions that most western kids do. In
time, university brought that rebellion to full flower.
Asa fine-arts student, her experiments with painting
and poetry were frequently diverted by experiments
with sex and drugs. She created intense, disturbing,
poetic plates with perfect English and Chinese callig-
raphy, set against beautiful illustrations of her body,
her dreams and fleeting glimpses of the city. These
works chronicled her emergence as an adult. But her
relationship with her parents had soured to the point
that she was alone and destitute.

That's when Monique Kim found her. Kim was
drawn to Justine's intensity, innocence and compul-
sion to resist conformity. The girl was beautiful and
childlike. The Toreador antitribu saw great potential
for corruption and pain in her. Kim Embraced Justine
and brought the childe into the Widows pack. The
Cainites treated the newcomer as a slave, a times
luring her down paths of depravity, at other times
beating her and using her as a servant.

But in the Widows' lair, packleader Creamy Jade
still encouraged the girl to paint. Her pieces chronicled
the neonate's descent into the Beast. Justine dimly
understood that Jade was making her existence a
work of art, that all the depravity was a performance,
and that the Widows were recording her fall.

Finally, Justine escaped. She returned to her par-
ents, who refused to accept the ragged thing as their
daughter. Justine frenzied. When she regained her
composure, she realized that she had murdered her
family. She took what money and possessions that she
could and fled Quebec.

In the dead of winter, on a lonely road in Nova
Scotia, she sat weeping beside the bodies of her latest
victims. That's where Gangrel Archon Alexander
finally found her. Instead of killing her as he had been
charged, he took the neonate under his wing and
brought her to London. But before long, she fled
again and went to Paris where she fell in among fellow
clan members.

Even now, however, separated by miles and
months, Justine thinks she can feel Monique Kim and
the others touching her soul, tempting her back to
Montreal. Sometimes in moments of weakness she
knows that she was allowed to flee, and her new life,
such as it is, is merely part of the Widows' ongoing
experiment. That experiment chronicles her devel-
opment on the Path of Cathari, but it also measures
just how far she can be lured from humanity — and
how far she can lure others.

Image: Justine is a small, slim girl of Asian origin.
Like many others born in North America, her man-
nerisms are more akin to her white, MTV-bred
contemporaries. She is beautiful, with short hair. Her
eyes changed to night-black with her Embrace. She is
winsome, ephemeral and graceful. She speaks softly,
but with a quiet passion.

‘Appenpix: FELLOW TRAVELERS

119


Roleplaying Hints: You are still a young, un-
tainted vampire. Even with all the horrors that you
have endured — and committed — you are a relative
innocent abroad. This naivete makes you attractive
to other Cainites. It's as if they all want to be present
at your final moment of corruption. This allure makes
others susceptible to your charms. Vampires who

should know better must resist confiding in you.

Lapy ZARA SLATIKOV,
SCHOLAR OF ENLIGHTENMENT

6th generation, childe of Razkolnja

Clan: Tzimisce koldun

Nature: Perfectionist

Demeanor: Director

Embrace: 1218

Apparent Age: Varies wildly

Morality: Path of Metamorphosis 8

Willpower: 7

Quote: You keep asking me questions as if you
honestly expect me to answer.

Background: Zara Slatikov manages to retain
some status as an influential Sabbat philosopher,
despite her advanced enlightenment on the Path of
Metamorphosis — a calling that typically prevents
students from sharing any information. She remem-
bers when the ancient Cainite Roads were codified as

paths, and she continues to be fascinated by the ways
of Enlightenment.

Zara was born to a now-extinct Revenant family
in service to the koldun Razkolnja. The chaos of the
War of Princes impressed upon her the
Metamorphosist philosophy: that the only truth in
the world is constant change. She adopted that credo
even without any form-altering magic. Zara's adher-
ence to a personalized Metamorphosis led Razkolnja
to Embrace her. Afterward, Zara distinguished herself
further by achieving deep understanding and mastery
of Koldunic Sorcery.

Once Zara learned the laws of Caine, koldun and
Metamorphosist philosophy, Razkolnja sent her to
Transylvania as a representative to other Fiends. Zara
spent a great deal of time traveling for one of Tzimisce
blood, and became familiar with Prague, Bistria,
Belgrade and the cities of modern Romania. She
spent time studying under High Priest of Metamor-
phosis Yorak, is said to have visited the Cathedral of
Flesh, and was a contemporary and ally of Radu Bistri.

Though Zara participated in the Anarch Revolt,
she initially resisted joining her clanmates in the
Sabbat, believing that the sect would calcify into a
collection of hidebound elders. Eventually, personal
relationships with some of the Sabbat's founders led
her to become one of the sect's earliest teachers of
Koldunic Sorcery, despite her misgivings.

Her work as a teacher prevented her from pro-
gressing too far down the Path of Metamorphosis.
Zara never taught students out of a desire to see them
learn, but rather out of arrogance. The awe that
younger Cainites showed for her knowledge and en-
lightenment was addictive, and her ego kept her from
becoming truly enlightened for centuries. And yet,
that ego allowed the Path of Metamorphosis to dis-
seminate throughout the nascent Sabbat.

Not long after her induction into the Sword of
Caine, Zara spent some months in the Black Monas-
tery in the Swiss Alps, helping to codify several of the
modern Paths of Enlightenment. As one of the fore-
most experts on the various Roads of morality, both
inside and outside the Sabbat, Zara has received all
the more demand as a mentor. Some of her students
even survive their instruction — she does not toler-
ate failure. Zara has dwelled in Transylvania for
centuries, and her knowledge and mastery of both
Koldunic Sorcery and the Path of Metamorphosis are
profound.

She remains a crucial link between the Sabbat of
eastern Europe and the bloodlines of Tzimisce elders
who still claim the lands between Berlin and Moscow.
She respects them all, and they send their childer to
her for instruction.

Zara has studied — and some say battled — the
dread spirit Kupala for countless years. When Kupala
awoke, the Baali came, some to offer homage, others

CHAINING THE BEAST

120


to quiet the monster. Zara united her fellow Tzimisce
for a time to hunt the Baali down. In the process, she
learned of the Path of the Hive and the "sleepers,"
and how to quiet the spirits. Her hatred for the foul
and degenerate Baali that swept into her lands drove
her to distraction, but she has since overcome her
wrath in hopes of tearing the secrets of the Hive from
her foes' minds.

In the aftermath of the battles with the Baali,
Zara has reached new heights of awareness. She has
contained her arrogance to a sufficient degree that
she no longer feels a craving to teach. But on occa-
sion, she still leaves lessons for younger Tzimisce to
pick up on, even though she veils her points so
thoroughly that "students" who are anything less
than brilliant are unable to understand.

Though Zara is still honored as a master of the
Path of Metamorphosis, other paths fascinate her.
She does not respect other callings — she regards
them as games — but she understands their impor-
tance to the Sabbat. She therefore does her duty and
guides others to followings and mentors that suit
them. Ultimately, Zara believes that all other paths,
when studied to their finite ends, reveal the hidden
secrets of the true course, that of Metamorphosis.

Image: Zara's image is rarely the same from night
to night. Born from peasant Revenant stock, she was
reasonably pretty in life, with ruddy, rural Slavic
features, dark hair and blue eyes. She sometimes
assumes that form now and uses it to deal with en-
emies or with strangers who appear young, naive or
weak. When they fall for that ruse, she demonstrates
her command of the zulo form.

Roleplaying Hints: Reinvent yourself constantly.
Do not tolerate fools, but always remain open to
alternate viewpoints and new debates. A battle- and
pain-hardened elder of the Sabbat, you nonetheless
respect and appreciate the experiences of other
Cainites. You always allow strangers to explain them-
selves, and you excuse any initial gaffs or mistakes. If,
however, someone seeks to study under you there is
no room for excuses. You demand perfection.

VIRGINIE, DRODIGY IN EXILE

8th generation (12th when Embraced, 8th through
diablerie), childe of Alison
Clan: Lasombra

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Child

Embrace: 1989

Apparent Age: 14 (though Embraced at 17)
Morality: Power and the Inner Voice 6
Willpower: 7

Quote: Aww, I'm sorry. Did that hurt?
Background: Born in the 1970s, Virginie was the

daughter of eccentric parents in southern France.
Mistreated and abused, she was taken to England by

an appalled aunt in the late ‘80s. Free at last, Virginie
could "indulge" herself. She fell in with a circle of
tich students — friends of her aunt's — who had
grown bored of their luxuries. They took Virginie in
as a family might adopt a pet. Their wealth offered
the girl opportunities beyond anything she had known,
but precious little freedom. She grew to revel in the
decadence and depravity that the group offered. It
amused them to watch her explore their vices, and
though she was never unhappy compared to her old
existence, her life grew darker through the long days.

Months later, Virginie and her then-lover bru-
tally murdered another of the students in the circle.
A reward was offered for information on the perpetra-
tors of the gruesome crime. Virginie's aunt knew
precisely what had happened. Though neither of them
were immediately suspected of the crime, Virginie
was quietly packed off back to France. Word of the
crime had spread, however, and Sabbat with their
own taste for death identified the girl as the killer.
They butchered her family and took her as a ghoul.
When she proved her usefulness, they Embraced her
and used her as a messenger and spy.

The life-ending change of the Embrace pleased
Virginie. Her warped upbringing allowed her a taste
for killing. Indeed, her cheerful disposition didn't
wane even while she committed hideous murders.
Her newfound powers and strength permitted her a

‘APPENDIX: FELLOW TRAVELERS

121


freedom and safety that she had never known before.
For nearly a decade she led one of the most feared
packs in France, striking at Camarilla cities with
impunity. Several Camarilla ancillae and elders fell
to her claws. So, the choice to save her soul wasn't
made out of fear, but out of a desire to continue her
reign of terror. Thus Virginie found herself on the
Path of Power and the Inner Voice.

Focused by her path and tired of simple random
violence, Virginie discovered that she had a talent
for making tactical and strategic decisions. In the late
1990s, she led a successful Sabbat crusade against
Marseilles. She was promoted to ductus and was en-
ticed with a bishopric of her own should she continue
to prove her worth.

That proof came in 1999, when she led a success-
ful war against Dublin. Members of the Camarilla
"Connachta" fief were slain, and the city was claimed
by the Sabbat. After a ridiculously short existence,
Virginie had become Bishop of Dublin and settled
down to consolidate her gains.

In time, however, she has realized that she's been
tricked. Her glorious crusade has come to naught.
The city is spoiled goods. Something about it is
destroying her subordinates, driving them insane.
Her advancement on the path has saved her so far,
and as a true unifier she seeks to find the source of the
"curse" and overcome it. Now Virginie realizes that
she was never really in control of Dublin at all, but
was set up to claim too grand a title, and the rest of
the Sabbat derides her as a result.

Image: Virginie is skinny and wan, which makes
her look rather innocent and harmless. She has large
brown eyes and a tan face, even in undeath; she
almost seems mortal. She chooses clothes based on
the situation: a beggar woman's costume, a business
suit or a regal dress. Sometimes she wears the hand-
me-down dresses of her youth, torn and ragged as they
are.

Roleplaying Hints: Pretend to be nice. Pretend
to be kind. Pretend to be helpful. Couch all questions
ina "poor little me" manner. But when you get angry,
lose control and reveal your Cainite nature. Ulti-
mately, you are completely ruthless. To those who
have helped or saved you, you give your all. Strangers
deserve nothing.

FATHER JUAN CARLOS,
PENITENT, PRIEST AND EXPLORER

8th generation, childe of DeSalle
Clan: Brujah antitribu

Nature: Masochist

Demeanor: Conformist

Embrace: 1435

Apparent Age: Mid-50s
Morality: Path of Redemption 6
Willpower: 8

Quote: Yes, I understand, but were there any break-
throughs tonight, my child?

Background: Since the demise of the Tremere
antitribu, the Sabbat has lost a crucial edge. Most of
those vampires were destroyed in a conflagration in
Mexico City. One by one, the few who were not
present walked out to meet the sun over the weeks
and months that followed. The Tremere antitribu are
gone, and their knowledge of blood sorcery has passed
with them. The Sabbat claim they never needed the
betrayers, but that's a lie. The sect needed them as a
shield against the efforts of House Tremere. Without
the hated, needed skills of the antitribu, the Sabbat
lost New York, and now their footholds in Toronto
and Boston weaken.

In desperation, the Sabbat turns to the City of
Black Miracles to plumb the occult depths. A new
pack, simply known as the Scholars, has been created
with a simple mandate: Find the secrets of the Tremere
antitribu, learn them, and be rewarded. The Scholars
have been granted safe passage from the Sabbat In-
quisition. And in Montreal, ina dank, broken building
on St. Laurent, the Cainites explore the darkest mys-
teries of their destroyed sectmates

The Toreador scholar Juan
sionary in life, has been chosen to lead the research.
He was made the leader and spokesman of a coven
based in Montreal and Toronto. Juan Carlos works

rlos, a Jesuit mis-

CHANNING THE BEAST

122


out of Montreal, but is more content to deal with
coordination of others' research than with the hid-
eous experimentation in which his fellows indulge.
He keeps the others at a distance, with a personal
haven on the far side of town from the Scholars'.

Juan Carlos was an early convert to the Path of
Redemption, and in these nights he is conflicted
between his loyalty to God and his loyalty to the
Sabbat. His research has led him to unnatural and
unholy discoveries, but he knows that the sect needs
every sliver of magical knowledge it can find to avoid
collapse and ruin.

Carlos' conflict could break his spirit and herald
the Beast.

Image: A kindly, well-spoken priest of Spanish
descent, years of travel and hardship in mortal life
have left Carlos with a dark, weathered face. He still
wears his religious trappings, but has adapted to the
times and wears a black suit and a Catholic priest's
collar. His hair is gray and thinning, and his hands are
callused from hard work.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a priest of God, called
to minister to the Damned. You are also a Jesuit, and
part of your ministry is research. But in the end you
are a monster, and one who wishes to survive. You
pray and encourage others to join you, but you fear
that one night the Beast will win and God will strike
you down. You are a practiced politician, capable of
making others do your dirty work. Yet, you constantly
wrestle with your conscience.

Maror, Hett's Foor
12th generation, unknown sire
Clan: Tremere
Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Embrace: 1652 (though born around 100 B.C.)

Apparent Age: Early 20s, but looks much older in
these nights

Morality: Path of Revelations 3

Willpower: 3

Quote: If you don't leave me alone, I'll tell you far
more than you want to know.

Background: The vampire who calls himself Maior
has been many things in the long years of his exist-
ence: soldier, slave, gladiator, prostitute, magician.
Before Rome's fall, as a young man named Valerius,
he caught the attention of the wrong sort of patri-
arch: a pedophile and infernalist named of Varro, a
member of the Hermetic Cult of Mercury. Varro
groomed Valerius to be a sacrifice. The young man
was taught just enough magic to make him attractive
to a vizier of Hell.

But the sacrifice was refused. Varro's soul was
consumed, and as for Valerius... there are several
stories. Some say he was trapped in a magical sleep for
centuries. Others say he was taken to Hell by the

entire story of Varro and the demon is a lie, and
Valerius was Embraced long before Clan Tremere's
ascent.

No matter what truly happened, Valerius was one
of the most powerful of Clan Tremere's enforcers and
scholars in the 17th century. It is said he was a
candidate for the inner circle of the house, only to
lose his seat to a rival. Valerius was regarded as a
living encyclopedia of magic, from his contact with
the infernal to his master's tutoring.

Then he changed.

He sold part of his soul to a demon. Maybe it was
Varro, or the demon Varro had summoned long be-
fore. It could have been that the grip of whatever
creature dragged him to Hell for centuries could not
be broken completely. Regardless, Valerius fled the
Tremere and joined with the antitribu of House
Goratrix. He never partook in Vaulderie, though.
Nor did he ever "officially" join House Goratrix.
Rather, he was one of a few traitors who sold their
services to the Black Hand.

Valerius was named on the Camarilla's Red List and
hunted by justicars. Try as they might, they never found
him. For a while he worked to gather other vampires on the
Red List together, to assemble an effective force in the
Jyhad. He then worked toextend the Path of Evil Revelation's
influence amongst the Sabbat.

Aprenpix: FELLOW TRAVELERS

123


As the years passed, his corruption intensified, and the
demonic thing inside drove him to greater depths of deprav-
ity and sadism. But sometimes, very rarely, something of his
old personality rose to the surface.

Finally, in 1998 the Tremere antitribu were sum-
moned to Mexico City — and were destroyed. Those
few who did not attend the ceremony were caught on
the wave of magic and were driven to suicide after-
ward. In Valerius' case, the uncontrolled magic tore
the demonic presence from him and left him a husk.

Or so the story goes.

Witnesses now attest to a strange vampire with mis-
matched, hollow eyes, wandering the inner cities of western
Europe. They say the being has no aura. Young, ambitious
blood magicians of Clan Tremere and the Sabbat have
sought this being out to learn who he is and what he knows.
And the thing now called Maior knows a lot. He no longer
has the power or will to apply his knowledge anymore, but
he seems content to share his experiences with the right
audience.

Rumors claim Maior was at the center of a Sabbat
attempt to recover the secrets of Thaumaturgy lost
when House Goratrix burned. Others hold that at
odd intervals he can be found in the Tremere chantry

in Mayfair, London, in the company of George
Hammond, the vampire who apparently saved him
from destruction.

Image: Maior is a gaunt, tall man, with close-
shaved black hair. It was long once, but it burned off
when the demon was driven from him. His eyes are
mismatched, but both hollow and tired. He no longer
stands up straight, but stoops, leaning on a walking
stick. When he speaks, he is slow and hesitant.

Roleplaying Hints: You have seen the face of
Hell and lived to tell the tale. You are a broken, lost,
wanderer, seeking only sustenance and shelter. You
know what is coming. You know what the night
holds. You know almost everything, and that knowl-
edge slowly destroys what remains of you. You can
still hear the screams of Hell in moments of silence.
Talking eases the pain a little, or at least drowns out
the clamor. You don't really care who you share your
knowledge with. You have no power to speak of
anymore, but if someone hurts you, you can retaliate
instinctively with a host of infernal gifts.

Note: Maior has no powers, but he retains enough
knowledge and enough demonic investments to pre-
vent anyone from doing him serious harm.


-—s

-_
>

a a)

=—

ba

noes a vampire
Have a soul?

Not all Kindred follow the sacred Path of Humanity.
Some forsake their mortal ethics, giving themselves
wholly over to the vampire condition. Others abandon
the moral struggle altogether — and find themselves in
the throes of frenzy. How can the race of Caine steel
itself against its murderous impulses?

Bul for HOW Long?

By popular demand, Chaining the Beast explores the <j

Paths of Enlightenment in detail, from the Hierarchies
of Sin to the myriad nightly concerns of a vampire who
upholds them. A resource for those seeking to explore
the alien mindset of the undead, this book sheds light
on the dark corners of the Kindred psyche.
