# File: Charnel Houses of Europe - The Shoah.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

CHARNEL
FIOUSES
OF FUROPE

BLACK DOG
GAME FACTORY

A Black Dog Sourcebook on the Holocaust for Wraith: The Oblivion

OF FUROPE

TLESHOAH

by jonathan Blacke and Robert Hatch

Foreword by janet Berliner



SS

| adi

Authors: Jonathan Blacke and Robert Hatch
Foreword by: Janet Berliner

Additional Writing by: Richard E. Dansky
Developer: Richard E. Dansky

Editor: Ronni Radner

Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Larry MacDougal, Andrew Ritchie, George Pratt
Cover Design: Matt Milberger and Lawrence Snelly
Layout and Typesetting by: Matt Milberger
Cartography by: Larry Friedman

Translation Assistance: Karsten Esser

Note: The information in this book supercedes anything pub-
lished in Berlin By Night.

Apologies to George Guthridge, co-author of Child of
the Light, Child of the Journey, and Children of Dusk.

780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews. White
Wolfis a registered trademark of White Wolf, Inc. All rights
reserved. Wraith the Oblivion, Black Dog Game Factory
and Charnel Houses of Europe The Shoah are trademarks of
White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or prod-
uct in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader dis-
cretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at http://www.white-
wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

Special Thanks
The developer would like to thank the following people, with-
out whom the completion of this book would have been impossible:
Robert Hatch and Jonathan Blacke, for taking on such a
strenuous and important project, and for all of their hard work,
research and dedication to this book.

Janet Berliner, for agreeing to be a part of this project, but more
importantly, agreeing to listen the very first time I dared to call her.

Irene, Saul, Marla and Rebecca Dansky, for the support and
resources you never shirked from offering.

Ronni Radner, Greg Fountain, Phil Brucato, Ethan Skemp,
lan Lemke, Kathy Ryan, Cynthia Summers, Ken Cliffe, Lawrence
Snelly, Stewart Wieck and all of the other individuals at White
Wolf who have supported this project from its inception. Thank
you for allowing me to do this, and for helping me along the way.

Jennifer Hartshorn, for the first steps on the road.

The teachers and rabbis of congregations Temple Judea and
Keneseth Israel, for planting the seeds that flowered into this book.

Wendy Blacksin, for looking at the manuscript when I needed
another critical eye.

Art Spiegelman, creator of Maus, who demonstrated that it
can be done.

And everyone else out there who ever gave a damn about
what happened — you know who you are.

Dedication

This book is dedicated to the survivors of the Holocaust,
who have spent 50 years telling their stories. What you hold
in your hands is a tribute to their perseverance, and in some
small way an attempt to carry on their legacy for the sake of
the generations who will never know them.

Todah raba.

Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah is the sec-
ond offering of Wraith: The Oblivion Sourcebooks un-
der the Black Dog aegis. This book is to be sold to indi-
viduals 18 or older only.

The material contained within this book is intended
for mature gamers only, and has the potential to offend or
disturb. Please exercise discretion in the use of the material
in Charnel Houses of Europe, as some people may find its
content or subject matter to be objectionable. If you or your
players cannot handle the intensity or subject matter of this
book, please put it back on the shelf.


OF FUROPE
"THESHOAH

Table of Contents

Foreword: Mi Yas Labanin
Ghost Story: The Rusalka
introduction

qhe Telling of the Agonies: A Chronicle ofthe Nilions

An Antecharnber of the Damned: The Theresienstadt Ghetto
Behind the Wall: The Ghetto at Warszawa

A Strugele for the Forsaken: Babi Yar

Behind the Wire: Oswiecim (Auschwitz-Birkenau)

mt



ecently, I wrote a story about a girl named
Jennie, a contemporary Jewish American
teenager who was forced to face her heri-
#|| tage. Her response, at least initially, was a
bs] feeling that she was being put upon. She
3| had nothing to do with the past. She was
not involved.

It's not my problem.

All of that stuff happened ages ago.

Why rehash ancient history?

Forget it already.

Forget it? Forget prejudice, violence, ethnic strife, geno-
cide? I don't think so.

So what do we do to ensure that our children and their
children and their children remember? For if they do not re-

Mi Yaeid Labanint
Vi Will Tell
e Children?

by Jaret Berliner

member, the attempt to make it happen again will be repeated,
as it has been this decade in Rwanda.

Which group will be singled out the next time around?
Redheads, perhaps, or blue-eyed blondes?

It's not the "N word" or the "J word," or what's politically
correct and what's not that matters. It's learning that we are
setting each other apart without regard for human dignity and
making it possible for genocide to reoccur when we say things
like, "There's a black man at the door," instead of "There's a
man at the door," or "I bought the car at a great price. Boy,
did I Jew him down."

Again I ask, what do we do about it? What can we do
about it?

The answer is that we must do what we can, each in our
own way — in short stories, in essays, in poetry and novels,

Ee

often using magic realism to define truths too painful and ugly
to be faced in any other form.

Each time I complete a piece of work, I think — I hope
— that I am done with it. That I have paid my dues.

But for some things the dues can never fully be paid.

In a sense, it is like the bodily functions that most of us
perform daily. Each day, having performed them, we feel re-
lief. We feel clean. And then the offal begins to gather once
more and as surely as night follows day, the pressing need for
elimination returns.

So it is with my creative bowels. When I think that I
have written enough, | discover that | must write more. And
while I do, I question if that is in fact the answer to educating
our children's children. The survivors are old. Their children
are growing old. Their grandchildren say it is not their prob-
lem. Many of them do not know about their roots; still more
do not care. What, I ask myself, will work to educate and
inform the children of the new millennium? Will they read
William Styron's Sophie's Choice, will they watch Vittorio de
Sica's The Garden of the Finzi-Continis, or do we have to feed
them horrors in some form that makes it palatable for them?

If we give them a Holocaust Web site, will it serve as a
tool of awareness, or will it simply turn evil into a game?

Before Steven Spielberg made Schindler's List, I was told
repeatedly that no one wanted to hear about the Holocaust.
That wasn't true, was it? His film was a box-office smash, even
in Germany.

Why does that surprise me?

Because | was in Berlin in the ‘70s when the government
insisted that all schoolchildren watch a documentary on
Hitler. The children stomped and sang along and complained,
asking why they too could not march and sing and have "that
kind of fun." I was there in the ‘80s when groups of German
children were taken to visit the sites of concentration camps
and complained because they were not able to see the ma-
chinery in action. I was there in the ‘90s when a game was
developed that invited the participants to devise better ways
of ridding the world of Jews.

On the day that Richard Dansky called to ask me to write
this essay, I had written the last scene of the third book in a
trilogy of Holocaust novels. I was going through my research
materials, packing them away with a sense of relief, when the
telephone rang. As I lifted the receiver, I held in one hand a
precious sepia photograph, the one that gave birth to Jennie's
story. The photograph — of my grandmother with her older
brother and three sisters — was taken sometime around 1929.
The glass had cracked, so I was removing the photograph in
order to put it into a new frame.

"Hello," I said, idly turning the photograph over.
The script on the back was tiny, fine and faded. I used a
magnifying glass to read it:

Siegfried Lichtenstein. Born
1880. An officer in the Kaiser's Army.
Mostly invalid after the war. Applied
to go to Johannesburg, but stayed in
Regensburg, Bavaria, when his wife
was refused a visa. He thought that he
was safe, what with half the bones miss-
ing in his face. He was one of the first
to be deported.

Hedwig Lichtenstein. Born
1882. Married Heimann. Lived in
Regensburg. Immigrated to
Melboume, Australia. Died 1968.

Erna Lichtenstein. Bom 1886.
Lived in Berlin. Deported to
Theresienstadt in 1938 and died in
the gas chamber.

Ella Lichtenstein. Born 1888.
Married Joseph Kahn. In 1932, the
family with two children immi-
grated to Amsterdam, Holland. In
1939, the husband was taken to a
workcamp, the children to an un-
known destination ("For their
safety") and their eight-roomed
home was filled with Nazis for
whom Ella had to keep house. (I
was there in 1960. The neighbors
told me that Ella was taken to
Auschwitz in 1942.)

My darling wife, Recha
Lichtenstein. Born 1887. Married
James Abraham. Arrived safely
Cape Town, South Africa, 13th
June, 1936.

Recha Lichtenstein Abraham.

My adored grandmother. The storyteller of the family,
saved and brought to South Africa through the ingenuity of
my mother — her youngest daughter...

Theard what Richard said on the phone that day through
the keening voices of the collective unconscious of the dead
— my own family and the family of humanity.

Richard explained earnestly what it was he was trying to

do.


I started to argue, to say that the Holocaust was not a
game, but a voice inside my head stopped me. We must teach
them through the tools with which they are comfortable, it said.
Once upon a time, I thought, there were bards and storytell-
ers who passed on the words of the elders around campfires.
Then came the era when the pen was mightier than the sword.

But there are few bards now, and as we approach the mil-
lennium, the pen diminishes in power.

While Richard waited patiently for my answer, I recalled
a day I spent in Nice, in an old stone building overloo!
the Mediterranean. As if it were happening again, I saw m
self being handed a trust by my great-uncle, a Holocaust sur-
vivor who had nary an organ fully intact. Our conversation
switched back and forth between six languages, only five of
which I fully understood — something he did out of old habit
from his concentration-camp days when such devices were
some protection from eavesdroppers. He gave me a copy of La
Deportation. The book was a compilation of black-and-white
photographs which had recently been released from the French
government's archives. They were stark and unembellished
by text, snapshots taken by German guards and "technicians"
in the camps and sent to their families to show them what
their sons and brothers and fathers were doing during their
work day.

"Take this to America," my great-uncle said. "Make them
publish it."

I hand carried eight copies of that heavy book to the
States.

For a year, I devoted myself to trying to get it reprinted
here.

Every copy of the book was stolen from the publishers to
whom I sent it.

The book was never reprinted here, nor do I have a copy
today. My great-uncle is dead. But in my own mind's eye, those
black-and-white photographs, taken with box cameras (the
toys of that time) teach the full lesson of the atrocities of
which humankind is capable of inflicting.

Remembering, | asked Richard to whom he wished me
to address this essay.

"That's up to you," he said. "By whom do you wish most
to be heard?"

"By the children," I said, picturing the Children's Me-
morial Garden at Yad Vashem. It was there, on the outskirts
of Jerusalem, that I had the most profoundly moving experi-
ence of my life. "That is my greatest fear — that when my
generation is gone, there will be no one left who will tell them
the true history of humankind's darkest moment."

Seven years ago, I flew to Israel to meet Ilan Bar, my half-
brother. He was 44; I had just turned 50. I arrived in Tel-Aviv as


ig to a close. Ilan did not have to identify
himself; he looked exactly like my father — his father — had
looked when I last saw him, right before his death.

T had only seen my father twice, once when I was five
and again when I was 17. As for Ilan, I not only had never
met him, but until a few weeks before that moment I did not
even know that I had a brother.

Ilan is a guide. En route to his flat, he told me that he
was leaving the following day to take a party of staunch Span-
ish Catholics ona three-day tour of Jerusalem. Though I speak
no Spanish, they had agreed to allow me to come along. I
toured the cobbled streets of the Old City, covered my head
and arms to enter a mosque and rode a camel into the desert.

Then, together with three other brave souls, we drove
toward Mount Herzl and the Holocaust Memorial known as
Yad Vashem.

There is a circular underground structure at Yad Vashem,
a memorial built by Abraham and Edita Spiegel of Beverly
Hills in memory of their son Uziel, who perished in Auschwitz.
It commemorates the one-and-a-half million Jewish children
who perished in the Holocaust.

One-and-a-half million...1,500,000...children.

The memorial hall itself stands in darkness. It is built in
much the same way as a Disneyland ride. You walk into the dark-

ness through a small anteroom in which three-dimensional pho-
tos of children are exhibited. A railing separates you from a cir-
cular floor. The walls and ceiling are a series of convoluted mir-
rors. Five burning memorial candles are multiplied into tens of
millions of pinpricks of light, symbolizing the souls of children
who perished. Softly the chant begins...a litany of their names
forcing the weight of your body in a circle through the darkness
and back out into the stark sunlight.

I knew then that even if I lived to be 1000 years old, I
could not remove that experience from my consciousness. I
wished that I could take each person in the world by the hand
and lead them into that hall of lights.

Sadly, I cannot do that. So I try to do it with words.

From Israel | traveled to Berlin to visit my aged mother,
who had returned there to work for Die Mahnung ("The Warn-
ing"), the newspaper arm of the League of the Persecuted of
the Nazi Regime. Through them, the search for survivors con-
tinues, as does vigilance against anti-Semitism. This continu-
ing campaign rests mostly in the hands of an incredible eld-
erly woman, Dr. Rehfeld Waltraud, herself not a Jew, but a
lifelong fighter against prejudice and racial injustice. In the
newspaper's small offices in a prewar building on
Mommsenstrasse, the battle against Who Cares and It Never
Happened goes on.

Last week, my mother attended a religious service at the
rebuilt temple in Oranienburg, near the first of the forced-
labor camps. While she was at that service, here in the United
States, where all races should be united against bigotry, Rev-
erend Farrakahn was televised spewing hatred at the Jews.
In this manner, insanity and entertainment have become
interchangeable. We can look at the program guides and
choose to do any of the following: Watch the Disney Chan-
nel; Watch Discovery; Watch a murder trial; Hear David Duke
address his hooded comrades about an all-white Christian
America; See Farrakahn, surrounded by his uniformed guards,
use thetoric and mannerisms almost identical to Hitler's.
Those are the facts as I write this, from Las Vegas, where
a few nights ago, I (a 5'2" weakling) told a 6'2" truck driver

that he would have to refrain from making racial slurs — in
this case against Mexicans — or see me in the parking lot.

While my challenge stopped the man's mouth, the inci-
dent proved to me again that the battle against the worst of
the human spirit is not over. And since that is so, it becomes
clear what we must do. While we must not stop talking and
writing and making films, we must also be brave enough to
make acts of injustice accessible by way of the new
mechanics...be it by way of the Internet and CD-ROM, tours
of the Museum of Tolerance...or projects like this.

Read it and weep.

Read it and learn.

May it never happen again.

—Janet Berliner
Las Vegas, NV
October, 1996


<

Chost Story
te Wak

by Robert Hatch

Show yourself, my people. Emerge, reach out

From the miles-long, dense, deep ditches,

Covered with lime and burned, layer upon layer,

Rise up! Up! From the deepest, bottommost layer!

Come from Treblinka, Sobibor, Auschwitz,

Come from Belzec, Ponari, from all the other camps,

With wide open eyes, frozen cries and soundless screams.

— Yitchak'Kacenelson, "The Song ofthe Murdered Jewish People"


think it was the Englishman Blackwood
who best described the general region
(though, of course, he was referring to the
area south of here, along the banks of the
Danube). I remember lying under the cov-
ers at night, heedless of Papa's disapproval,
feeling the icy fingers under my cotton
gown as I laboriously translated my 1913 edition of "The
Willows."
Then I grew up, of course (though not so very much),
and Papa and I both discovered what real horror w
The place where I stand might have been conjured from
the story's pages — meandering streams di tagnant ponds,
clusters of reeds and matted roots. The air is heavy, weighted
with the scent of rotting plants. Tiny fishes and m:
are the only forms of animal life visible. The Vistula lies open

-snai

beneath the late-afternoon heavens like a sturgeon's maw
look at the gray clouds scudding across the reddening sky, r
membering days not so very long ago. The sky was always red
in those days, and there were gray clouds then, too, though
they were of an altogether different comp.

ition.

If one looks closely, amid the reeds and the mire and the
slime of the Vistula, one may still a matching shade of
gray — the tiniest of particles, countless flakes of ashy detri-
tus eddying in the sullen flow, clotting on the plants. It is not

mud, not silt. "What happened here?" one might ask upon
seeing this. What could it be?

It is almost time.

Here she comes, hurrying along the road to any of sev-
eral villages north of Krakow. She wishes to reach a hostel
before nightfall. The scooter is Japanese, brand new, a gift
from Sweet Grandfather to his favorite grandchild. How un-
fortunate that the motor will fail, that she will be stranded in
the bog. But such is the nature of machin

Not so much to look at, is she? Shock of dirty-blond hair,
wispy frame in denim jacket, wallet of zlotys exchanged for
deutschmarks, Doc Martens, a Los Angeles Lakers backpack.
Globally conscious citizen of a United Europe — may it last a
thousand years. I am almost tempted to whistle Wagner.

It is the face, though, inscribed behind my eyes as indel-
ibly as the number on my arm. Gender and time and genera-
tion have done their best to erase the traces, but the Nazis
were right, in their way. Blood always wins. Blood tells the
tale.

I watched her as she came to the camp. Germans do come,
you know — Adenauer and Kohl and the rest have cultivated
a social guilt bordering on voyeurism. 1 watched as she si-
lently mouthed the words "ARBEIT MACHT FREI." I
watched as she strolled down the lanes between the fences of
tusting wire, the same lanes along which Sweet Grandfather


conducted the march of the skeletons, not so very long ago.
And when she stopped at one particular photograph — when
she turned those shrouded eyes away, ever so perceptibly, from
the frozen stare of one particularly crooked stick-puppet — I
received an almost orgasmic swell of pain.

Take those eyes, strip away the sunglasses and only two
generations, add a film as palpable and miasmic as the gray
scum at my feet, and Sweet Grandfather leers with a gaze like
a scalpel, just as he did during the examinations, the appel,
the injections, the selection.

Well, I have selected her. It is time.

Night drops out of the upper sky, conjoining with a sud-
den belch of stinking smoke. I writhe amid the coils of her
scooter's engine, moving in the manner the Doppelganger
taught me, and the vehicle sputters like the last gasp of an
asphyxiating prisoner. Clouds of exhaust plume into the deep-
ening air, like crematory ashes.

She pulls to the side, almost into the swamp itself, and a
barrage of curses commingles with the splash of frogs and cries of
ducks. She is resourceful; she lights a flare. It blazes red against
the black sky, like flame from a crematory chimney. She shivers,
and her curses gradually subside into cries for assistance.

No one hears her now, just as no one heard us then. The
toad less traveled, the starkly picturesque road she found so
enticing — the consequence is that no one will come. My
hive-brethren gladly enforce this particular taboo. They, too,
are voyeurs. They want to watch.

Thover over the center of one very special pool, and the
gray film coagulates, entwines itself into a ropy strand. It snakes
out of the water, a lumpy tendril wrapping like mummy linen

soil, grin, and flex choking fingers.

I step forward, oozing through the reeds.

"Who is there?" she calls in broken Polish.

I come for her, all wet and charred and carpeted with
weeds. The flare illuminates my welcoming smile.

There is a legend in the East — the tale of the rusalka,
the drowned maiden of the river. The Vistula did not claim
me until after 1 was ashes, but Zyklon B proved an acceptable
substitute.

The legends called the rusalka beautiful. The tale-spin-
ners must never have seen a drowning victim. They certainly
never witnessed the aftereffects of Zyklon B — the bloated,
blue, bloody faces, the purpled lips disgorging blackened
tongues. No, I am not beautiful.

Oh, the poor child! Can she not understand that her
palpitating heart, the screams tearing their way from her gut
— these things only strengthen me? I tighten the ashes around
my hate like a marsh-snail armoring itself in its shell.

I can see the deathmark tattooed on her face — already
she turns cold, still, blue.

As gain on her and scrabble at her fleeing back, my Psyche
feebly whispers this thought: Was she of an age with me, when I
went up the chimney? Then I am on her, and there are no more
doubts; there are only my talons, her throat, the tempest of hate
and ashes sucking us down into the Vistula mire.

And there amid the ooze stare Grandfather's eyes, those
scalpel eyes, now caked with confusion. The child understands
none of this, unaware of why she is dying.

Well, who among us understood?


ees (2

facDousal/ ‘ wed
p< tee <

wo


Whats This Book?

his book is an attempt to do something
M| different with the power of storytelling.
i) In these pages is a history and a series of
stories, detailing things that did happen
and what their effects might have been in
the World of Darkness. The idea is not to
trivialize the Holocaust, to reduce it to the
level of "just a game." Rather, the concept behind this book
is to use the medium of roleplaying as another way to tell the
story of the Shoah, the story that must constantly be told.
The words of this book are not intended to be fun to
read. If you are looking for the opportunity to Skinride Colo-
nel Klink and Sergeant Schulz and change the course of his-
tory, you've picked up the wrong text. Rather, Charnel Houses
is intended as an examination of consequences. What could
such horrible suffering produce in the Shadowlands, were the
Shadowlands real? What heights of heroism — and depths of

duction

villainy — might these events produce in the souls of the
dead? Wraith is about unfinished business and passion, and
surely the 12 million souls who died in the events of the Shoah
had much that they left unfinished.

After all is said and done, the Holocaust was and is a
purely human tragedy. This book does not attempt to move
the blame from where it belongs. The vampires and wraiths
didn't make anyone do it. The Garou and the mages didn't
manipulate events behind the scenes to create the Shoah. In
the context of the World of Darkness, some supernatural be-
ings took advantage of (or perished in) the atrocities, but first,
last and always, the World of Darkness' Holocaust was the
idea and the work of human beings.

Just like in the real world.

Contents

This book is separated into five chapters. The first is a
history of the actual events of the Holocaust, with additional
text indicating the consequences of these events on the rest
of the World of Darkness. The remaining four chapters are


settings, Haunts set on the sites of four places important to
the history of the Holocaust. These chapters (Theresienstadt,
the Warsaw Ghetto, Babi Yar and Auschwitz) contain real-
world historical background material, additional World of
Darkness material, some characters who inhabit the Haunt
and a few sample story ideas.

history

The history set down in this book is drawn directly from
the historical record of the real world. Casualty statistics, de-
tails of atrocities, dates and times — all of these come from
the pages of history. Those details of the "history" included
here that are World of Darkness-specific are set aside as such;
those details of the "history" that are actual history comprise
the rest of that chapter.

In other words, the World of Darkness is a very light gloss
on the real details of what the Nazi incineration machine actu-
ally did to millions of people. Don't dismiss what you read here
because it's "just a game," because it is not. Don't discredit these
details because you read them first in a book derived from a game;
the setting and history are real enough. The depth and quality of
the research that has gone into this book is staggering, with that
effort reflected in the information contained herein.

Yes, information. Once the characters are stripped away
(some of them historical figures, some of them fictional per-
sonalities derived from actual historical accounts), the words
"wraith," "vampire," "Passion" and "Garou" excised from these
pages, what is left is information. Within these covers, that
information serves as context for the stories that we present
here. However, the idea is for you, the reader, to take that
information with you long after you've closed this book for
the last time.

It's all real, and the world needs to know that.

Moral Ambiguity

Charnel Houses of Europe is not about heroes and vil-
lains. While examples of both were present in bulk during
the Holocaust (and after), portraying the events of the Holo-
caust in black and white is to do a disservice to the victims of
the storm. The Holocaust, for good or for ill, was not a simple
case of "Nazis bad, victims good." There were collaborators
with the Nazi regime, even among Jews and Gypsies. The
Vatican was quiet while the Jews of Rome were deported to
the camps and Polish Catholic priests executed, but Il Duce
himself, Benito Mussolini, ordered the details of Nazi atroci-
ties leaked to the West.

To deny these shades of gray is to shortchange those who
were caught up in the Shoah. For if there was an opportunity
to collaborate, to make things a little better for one's self,
how much more heroic does a refusal to collaborate become?

So don't be surprised when you turn the pages and find a
character who may not be as admirable as one might wish.
Just remember that the Holocaust killed a lot of people —
real people, with foibles and weaknesses, just like you and
me. Even within the context of Wraith, they are still that:
people. Real human beings. Don't expect them all to be per-
fect; don't expect them all to be selfless and angelic. Within
the bounds of the extrapolation presented here, some of these
people may very well want revenge. Some may want to heal
the damage that has been done, and some may simply want
to see to their own needs.

Remember that, the first time a knee-jerk reaction to a
character description arises. Remember that, and perhaps that
character will make a bit more sense.

Why?

Why do this book, something bound to be a lightning
rod for controversy and ill will? Something that will displease
so many people, for so many reasons?

Because the story must be told, and told in every way
possible.

Some years ago, comic books were certainly not consid-
ered to be an appropriate medium of discussion of the Holo-
caust. Mind you, stabs at approaching the subject matter had
been made — Marvel's ludicrous origin story for the charac-
ter of Magneto, the somewhat naiveRagman miniseries from
DC — but for the most part, the Holocaust was filed away
under "grown-up stuff" that comics didn't dare touch. Cap-
tain America fought Nazis, but the Red Skull's evil experi-
ments were always directed toward technology, not concen-
tration-camp prisoners.

Then the world discoveredMaus, and whole new ways of
discussing the issue evolved. A whole new set of people who
might not have learned about the Shoah found a way in which
they could become informed.

This sort of new exploration of the story is happening
every day. CD-ROMs. Web sites. Hollywood blockbusters.
Cartoon Jewish mice and German cats. There are new ways
of getting new generations to examine that which has hap-
pened, in order to prevent the lessons of the Nazi regime from
being forgotten. We owe it to history — to the victims and to

the survivors — to explore every possible way to let their story
be heard.


Which brings us to this book. This, too, is a new way of
looking at the Holocaust, directed at people who might not
otherwise find a way to make those stories speak to them. In
some ways, roleplaying the aftermath of the Holocaust might
be a little more intense than clicking through a Web site. In
some ways, daring to put the events of the Holocaust in the
context of a game might by seen as sacrilegious or insulting.

Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah is intended as a
way for roleplayers to learn and then to tell some of the sto-
ties of the Holocaust. It is a way for them to come face to face
with the unique horrors visited upon millions and millions of
people for no good reason.

And just maybe, enough of the horror and terror of the
camps will find a home in the people who use these settings
for their stories. They will take that burden with them when
they leave their Wraith sessions, and because they've found a
way to understand (even a little bit) what happened, they
will find themselves working that much harder to make cer-
tain that it never, ever happens again.

That's why.

Recommended Reading
and Viewing

inema on the Holocaust is relatively rare,
pigy| though in recent years Nazis have become
Roa) chic villains once again. However, there

have been some movies made — some fic-
| tional, some documentaries — that make
positive contributions to the debate on the
events of the Shoah.

Au Revoir Les Enfants

Because of That War

Cabaret

The Diary of Anne Frank
Europa, Europa

The Garden of the Fitzi-Continis
Hotel Terminus

Schindler's List

Shoah

Voyage of the Damned

The list of literature produced on the Holocaust is nearly
endless, thankfully so. Obviously, even on a subject as mo-
mentous as this, not every book extant is necessary, or even
good. Below, however, are some of the books used in the cre-
ation of this one, as well as some of the seminal texts of Holo-
caust scholarship.

The Aftermath: Living with the Holocaust, by Aaron Hass

Against All Hope: Resistance in the Nazi Concentration
Camps, by Hermann Langbein

Against All Odds: Holocaust Survivors and the Successful
Lives They Made in America, by William Helmreich

Auschwitz: 1940-1945, by Kazimierz Smolen (translation
by Route 66 Publishing, Ltd.)

Auschwitz: A Doctor's Eyewitness Account, by Dr. Miklos Nyiszli

Auschwitz: True Tales from a Grotesque Land, by Sara
Nomberg-Prztyk (Roslyn Hirsch, translator)

Before the Deluge, by Otto Friedrich

The Diary of a Young Girl, by Anne Frank

Death Dealer: The Memoirs of the SS Kommandant at
Auschwitz, by Rudolph Héss (Steven Paskuly, translator)

Denying the Holocaust, by Deborah Lipstadt

The Encyclopaedia of the Holocaust

Endurance: Chronicles of Jewish Resistance, by Amnon
Ajzensztadt

An Eye for an Eye, by John Sack

A History of the Holocaust, by Yehuda Bauer

Hitler's Willing Executioners: Ordinary Germans and the
Holocaust, by Daniel Jonah Goldhagen

The Holocaust, the French and the Jews, by Susan Zuccotti

The Holocaust: The Jewish Tragedy, by Martin Gilbert

The Indestructible Jews, by Max I. Dimont

The Jews of Warsaw, by Yisrael Gutman

Kabbalah, by Gershom Sholem

La Deportation, published by the French Government

Maus: A Survivor's Tale, by Art Spiegelman.

Night, by Elie Wiesel

The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich, by William A. Shirer

Shoah, by Claude Lanzmann

Survival in Auschwitz and The Drowned and the Saved, by
Primo Levi

The Theory and Practice of Hell, by,Eugen Kogon

Those Were the Days: The Holocaust as Seen by the Perpetra-
tors and Bystanders, by Ernst Klee, Willi Dressen and Volker Riess
To Be a Jew, by Rabbi Hayim Halevy
Warrant for Genocide, by Norman Cohn



he Teli

Chronicle

Jonat

hati Blacke

<<

he Agonies

he Mil

a~

You would tell the truth...And you know what would
happen?... They wouldn't believe you. They'd say you were crazy.
Might even put you in a madhouse. How can anyone believe this

terrible business — unless he has lived through it?

— quoted by an SS corporal to prisoner Simon
Wiesenthal, near Lwow, Poland, 1944

9] rom their moment of inception, from the
instant the blade of mortality cut down its
first victim, the Shadowlands have always
been a dark and desperate place. They could
be nothing else; every landscape is clouded
g| in gloom, every building is frangible with
rotand decay. Simply put, everyone a wraith
meets and everything he comes in contact with is dead. And the
dead keep coming, every single day — the victims of war and
disease, abuse and despair and indifference. The grand old build-
ings fall out of favor with the world, fall apart, and are plowed
over to make way for newer, slicker, more antiseptic structures.
Only ghosts and memories appear in the Shadowlands, bearing
themselves with a condemned air.

It seems academic, almost stupefyingly obvious, to call
attention to these facts. Of course, many things are all too
clear for every wraith. The power of emotion present in her
Passions and Pathos, imbued in Fetters and barely control-
lable in Thorns, is always visible. So is the danger of Shadows
and Spectres, and the authority of the Hierarchy. The
Shadowlands are life's id, the smoked-glass lens through which
all wraiths perceive the eternity that stretches out before them.
Yet one thing is not always clearly visible to the average
Stygian — the power of the living over the Shadowlands and
the magnitude of influence which theiractions have on the
composition of the Land of the Dead.

The Shroud can be taken for granted by many, its thick
stratum separating this world from the next like a leaden stage

mF [|

curtain. Solid, impressive and prohibitive, the barrier between
Life and Death can often seem so impenetrable, so completely
opaque that nothing from the mortal plane could possibly
breach it. But things do stab through: mundanities like relics
and Artifacts, and something greater in the form of anger and
love, dream and belief. What does pass through the Shroud,
both people and objects, always leaves an indelible print upon
the Land of the Dead. And the circumstances under which
people and places and ideas die and are regenerated in this
gloomy place is the key to understanding the secrets of this
world: how to exist, how to combat Oblivion, and how to
find eternal peace. Hope is the key to that peace — and un-
derstanding the full complement of the human soul and how
it acts in both life and in death, is the key to that hope.
During the last two decades of the first half of the 20th
century, a crime was committed, a crime against a people,
against humanity and against creation itself. It is known to
history as the Holocaust. Its physical legacy is the deaths of
nearly 12 million people: men, women and children, the aged
and sick, Jews, Poles, Russians, Gypsies, Communists, Social-

vy « NY

ists, homosexuals, those with disabilities, those with the wrong
color eyes, those with the wrong sort of grandparents and those
whom a group of evil men and a society of cowards simply did
not consider "useful."

What follows is a chronicle of this crime, and how it has
forever changed the face of Stygia and the Shadowlands. It is
by no means meant to be a complete history. Rather, it is
more of a chronicle of the human heart. It tells of the gashed,
pustular, blackened side of the soul, of the evil that men can
and will do. It also tells of the courage, hope and love that
still courses through the souls of humanity, and of the deter-
mination of men and women that this dark part will never
rise up again.

Come the Darkness: 1933-937

On January 30, 1933, Adolf Hitler was appointed Chan-
cellor of Germany by the country's President, the octogenar-
ian Paul von Hindenburg. It was both a conciliatory gesture
to Hitler and his new, popular Natidnal Socialist party and a

calculated move on the part of the national cabinet. This
august body believed that if Hitler was placed in a position of
enough public exposure, he could be controlled by both the
natural political process and the fickleness of public opinion.

It was a poor idea. Imbued with real political clout, Hitler
and the Nazis began to eliminate their opposition, closing
trade unions, burning books and incarcerating many of the
Nazis' political enemies in specially built concentration camps.
In March of 1933, barely a few weeks after Hitler took the
oath as Chancellor, the first concentration camp was estab-
lished, at Dachau. By the end of the year, 50 of these camps
were in operation all over Germany, within the walls of which
Nazi thug squads beat, tortured, ransomed and sometimes
killed political prisoners outright.

impure Thoughts

It was also during these first several months that the Nazi
party began to introduce its delusionary ideas about a Ger-
man "master race" into the fabric of its society. Pseudoscientific
quackery abounded in "studies" about eye and hair color, nose
and jaw width, all created in the quest for perfect "Aryan"

Mucl

World War I, preached at
of Norse
y (which by

ages of the Ve

Organizatior
lished just atte
m. Hearkenit
leities and Teutor
this f
vtradit
atavistic Teutonic «
ion of a runic alphabe
ind other such acti returning Germar

Many of the

its rightful place

f Thule Societ

f dominance in pe

belief were adopted

¢ SS, who considered themse

the World of Darkness

the Na:

withi yee
i umbrella.

work of Na:

certain groups in the Technocracy, f

by the fledglin: racial sc

specimens. Paranoid rhetoric about the dangers of "poison-
ing" German blood through intermarriage and simple social
interaction with Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals and the handi-
capped filtered throughout the collective mindset — ideas
that simply echoed many others about social Darwinism that
had been in place for over a half-century. The Nazi race-theo-
tists simply took this concept to its "logical" conclusion.

This quackery became law in 1935 with the Nuremberg
Laws, which defined certain groups within Germany — spe-
cifically Jews — as "inferior races" and subjected them to dis-
crimination and the loss of civil rights. Jews were barred from
the civil service, the medical and legal professions and uni-
versity professorships. Jewish businesses were boycotted and
their proprietors harassed daily by Nazi thugs. Many of the
more prominent Jews were sent to concentration camps.

In the following months, persecution intensified. Laws were
passed defining racial characteristics, essentially stating that it
was illegal to fail to meet certain genetic criteria. Concentration
camps began to fill with homosexuals, Gypsies and Jehovah's
Witnesses (whose faith precluded them from swearing oaths to
the state or serving in the military). Families were broken up,
with children sent to special juvenile detention facilities and

World of Darkness: Hidden Agendas

id Iteration X, i

n cugenies research, and

further their own work. Under the

ided support and modest clan
h, publication and even experi
NCE |
N scientists for

vat inv rowiny

The methods

rsedly

sand the eradication of those who claim

f wraiths from the Skinlar

ible to communicate with the Shadowlands. Feedin:

ther undesirables,

I
reir le

he proy ida against Gypsies and

ind utilizing the Nurembe

many Sons of Tertullian

Laws justification
nthe Nazi part

in concentrat

were to

rcisms were conducted on these unfortunates

¢ under "interrogation." Few survived.


Despite their unwanted status, it was exceedingly dif
ficult for Jews to emigrate from Nazi German'
1930s. Many Jews had t

agencies simply t

during the
n private Je 1 welfare
urces for emi

gration, as their been seized by
the Nazi government

ter Germany's annexation «
ports of the dire straits many Jewish refugees f

In re

selves in reached President Franklin D. Roosevelt

ise, he called for an international conference to solve

the problem of the large numbers of Jewish emigrants.
Representatives from 33 nati I
France in 1938 to address the matter. Many Jews were
initially hopeful about the conference, as it was called at
the request of the United States, whose poor track recor'
on immigration was notorious. Observers

the gathering was going to be a turnin:
can —and hopefully worldwide — ime
Unfortunately, they were mistaken

Europe. The dele

the S D
he State

ites in attendat
epartment that

to make significant changes in th
cies. Conseque

discussion and ¢

orphanages. To prevent "asocial" elements from breeding, Gyp-
sies and the handicapped were soon subjected to involuntary stet-
ilization procedures through both surgery and radiation. Men and

women alike were violated by these procedures, ever after un-
able to conceive and give the gift of life to the world.

Sanctioned Hate: 1938-1939

As the 1930s drew to a close in Germany, it was clear
that a growing, virulently anti-Semitic agenda was being
adopted by the Nazi government. The initial boycotts and
renunciation of Jewish rights under the Nuremberg Laws were
only the beginning. Nazis forced many Jewish businesspeople
to sell off their properties and livelihoods at bargain rates, or
the Nazis simply used the Nuremberg Laws as justification for
outright seizure. Segregation intensified, barring Jewish chil-
dren from public schools and their parents from the theater,
cinema, vacation resorts and even certain city streets. To get
around many towns in Germany, Jews were forced to use large

nvened at Evian,

hawing, it was clear that no country was willing to open

itt Jews.

The reasons, if they can be called such, demonstrated

i latent countries in attendance

racism native' to
tin admitted very few Jews, and effectively
ony in Palestine to them as well. Canada
would accept only farmers, thus leaving the urbanized
Jews of Germany and Austria out of luck. Venezuela
would not accept Jews, refusing to upset the country's
"demographic equilibrium." Australia, in a rather frank
statement of prejudice, stated that it "did not have a ra

cial problem," and was "not desirous of getting one." Of

all the countries at the conference, only the tiny Do:
The United States finally agreed, for the first time, to
rethink its immigration policy and accept larze numbers of
Jews. It alsc an Emergency Visitors' Visa Program to:
save distinguished Jewish writers, artists and scientists. Albert
jomas Mann, Sigmund Freud, Bertolt Brecht

y others were given refuge in America and Great

i

Still, even more were turned away. In one celebrated

le, 900 J

e refused admission tc

ard the German steamer
Cuba and the United

to return to Europe. Hundreds of these

vuld Later perish in death cam

wooden bridges constructed along the perimeters of major
thoroughfares, walking above the cities of Germany along a
demeaning skeleton of hate.

Arrests continued throughout the late 1930s. To escape
this, many Jews in Germany and Nazi-occupied Austria at-
tempted emigration. Where they would end up was not al-
ways certain, as the Unites States and many European na-
tions were unwilling to accept large numbers of Jewish refu-
gees. A number of Jews in Germany and Austria were able to
get out, going wherever they could: Palestine, Latin America,
even China. They also went to Poland, Hungary, Romania
and other Eastern European countries — soon to be snared
again by the encroaching Nazi dragnets at the beginning of
the war. Despite the fact that they were obviously unwanted
in Germany, significant numbers of Jews did not leave, either
unwilling or unable to uproot themselves. Here they contin-
ued to suffer abuse and discrimination under the Nazi regime,
or suffered deportation, giving up their savings and property
to the Nazi government.


Broken Glass

In November 1938 the anti-Jewish agenda took a more vio-
lent turn. A young student in Paris, avenging his parents' depor-
tation to Poland the month before, shot and killed an aide to the
German ambassador . In response to this act, the Gestapo and
the Criminal Police organized a massive pogrom on Jewish homes,
businesses and meeting places. On November 9, 1938, this one
night of destruction, called Kristallnacht ("The Night of Broken
Glass"), was declared. A mutual effort of the Gestapo, the SS
and Nazi party militants, the evening's terror succeeded in caus-
ing the destruction of over 7,500 shops and businesses. Thirty
thousand people were arrested and immediately sent off to con-
centration camps, primarily Buchenwald. Ninety-one people were
killed. Over 1000 synagogues were burned, including the one in
the city of Essen, one of the finest examples of synagogue archi-
tecture in Germany.

The Dogs of War

At dawn on September 1, 1939, German tanks rolled
across the Polish border. They took the country in less than a
month, marking the beginning of World War II. It was a war
for Lebensraum (living space), which, according to Hitler,
Germany was in desperate need of. In their racial ideology,
Hitler and the Nazis considered the Slavic peoples to be a

subhuman species, fit only for slave labor under the direction
of the Aryan Germans. Upon securing control of Poland, the
Nazi forces immediately began the first series of large-scale
executions, massacring Polish university professors, writers,
politicians, artists and other intellectuals who might be in
positions to cause trouble. Catholic priests were also targeted;
over 2000 were slaughtered by German soldiers.

Over the course of the next several months, the Nazis
imprisoned thousands of Poles in concentration camps and
forced labor details. Large segments of the population were
driven off their land. Most of them were imprisoned, and their
homes and farms forfeited to German families (who speedily
moved into the vacant regions). Close to 50,000 Polish chil-
dren, whom the Germans considered "Aryan" under the ra-
cial laws, were abducted from their parents and taken back to
Germany. There they were adopted by German families and
underwent assimilation into National Socialist society. Many
of these children were later considered incapable of "German-
ization" and sent to special children's concentration camps.

qhe House on Tiergarten Street

The purging of undesirables from the population contin-
ued back in Germany as well. While Panzer tanks were roll-
ing over the Polish countryside, Hitler signed an order creat-
ing a special commission to begin a program of euthanasia on


Unlike previous conflicts on the European continent
over mundane matters such as land oralliances, the Second
World War led to large philosophical rifts among the vari
ous denizens of the World of Darkness. Observiny

logical underpinnings of National Socialist Germany, many

the ideo:

of the superaturals seized the opportunity to intensify their
own secret wars against each other

In Garou circles, most of the tribes pledged their sup:
port to the Allied powers. The largest schism was within the
Get of Fenris, which separated into several splinter groups
and to the Nazis

lieving in the salvation of Gaia through the annihilation of

over policy in res \ faction of the Get, be
the children of the Weaver, sided with Hitler and his min
ions. These Nazi-aligned Lupines were a minority, but the
damage done by the schism remains a wound still not com
pletely healed

Solidarity was notso easily found with mages. The Tech
nocracy officially supported the National Socialists, whos«
views on social order and racial supremacy within Germany
basic tenets in

found mirrors in many of the Technocracy

regards to the organization of society. The Conventions' in

dividual members were not so stolidly behind the official
policy, however. Nearly half of those in attendance walked
our of the Symposium where this statement was made. Views
s within the (

disagreed with their brethren in Nazi territory, and eventu
ally most Technomancers fought against the party line, The
Couneil also split, siding many Verbena and Sons of Ether
who threw support toward Nazi mysticism and science against

their Council-affiliated brethret

ind the
Holocaust would end up inflicting upon the Shadowlands

The first echoes of the trauma that the war
ind Stygia, however, were not immediately apparent to the
Hierarchy. War had been declared against the Jade Emperor
ind the bulk of Stygian resources was directed toward aiding
the efforts to recapture Western souls from the coffers of Yu

Huang. Mass consctiptions of Legionnaires and any

ied wraiths to fight for the Hierarchy depleted the ranks
of many Necropoli and other Stygian outy

The resulting strain on Stygian resources was felt im:
mediately. Hierarchy Reapers found themselves over
whelmed with double and triple their old workloadsas they
attempted to garner numbers of harvested souls that
matched the Deathlords' predictions and quotas, Many re
sorted toa perverse form of subcontracting their work, tak
ing on unauthorized "apprentices" who were given a per
centage of their "crops" in exchange for their assistance
Black markets sprang up, with many of these apprentices
trading newly Reaped Enfants to fringe groups of Artificers
for forging or Masquers as guinea pigs for their sculpting
art, or simply for Pathos

Asa result, the initial victims of Nazi brutality, thos
who would die from abuse in Dachau and the many other
camps, and those who were marred and killed under the
butchery of surgeons' knives, fell through the cracks in the
labyrinthine bureaucracy of Stygia. Although many other
souls were also lost in the chaos of the "war effort," the
Hierarchy was either unwilling or unable to take responsi
hility for any of the victims of Nazi hate, as the manner of
their deaths raised many questions that no one wanted to

inswer. Halthearted solut

jons were proposed; some wanted

to offer them straight to the forge; others wanted to

aban
don them to the Tempest

Eventually, to the detriment of all, the decision was
made in the highest levels of the Hierarchy to ignore them,
These wraiths

to disavow any knowledge of their existence

were turned loose on the Shadowlands, without st

port or
lirection. Their fates are left to speculation. Some no doubt
succumbed to Oblivion, some became Spectres, some turned
Renegade or Heretic and some remained lost. There are
always some from the ranks of the twelve million who peri
odically take it upon themselves to search for these wan

dering wraiths

vcause that is widely seen to be as lost as
they are

Germany's mentally and physically handicapped populations.
It was called Operation T4, after th
ters at 4 Tiergartenstra

eliminated. Those men, women and children marked by the T4
Teports were transferred to six private institutions in Germany
and Austria, where they were executed by lethal injections or
gassings in specially constructed underground chambers. The
bodies were cremated in oversized ovens. This program of sys
tematic elimination of the disabled would prove to be the pre-
cursor for the creation and operation of the death camps.

address of its headquar-
, Berlin.

Allstate hospitals in Germany were ordered to provide con-
fidential information on their patients to special boards of Nazi
physicians, who would then review the records and decide, sight
unseen, which patients were considered "useless" and should be

26 Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah


In February 1940, after securing their sector of Polish ter-
ritory, the Nazis began a large-scale deportation to the east of
all Jews remaining in Germany to concentration camps and
"ghettos" in Polish cities and towns. Entire quarters of mu-
nicipalities filled with uprooted Jewish families were walled
up. Over three million Jews residing in Nazi-held lands were
deported to hundreds of these ghettos in Poland and lands
further east. Two of the more infamous ghettos, in the Polish
cities of Warsaw and Lodz, received close to half a million
Jewish deportees in 1940, before their walls were permanently
sealed and their captive populations left to rot inside.

Other prisoners of the Germans flooded the already ex-
isting concentration camps, necessitating the creation of hun-
dreds of new camps to handle the surge in the number of pris-
oners. After France, the Low Countries, Norway and Den-
mark fell to the German war machine, Nazi organizations such
as the League of Night and Fog made periodic sweeps of cities
and towns throughout Western Europe in the hunt for mem-
bers of resistance groups and other anti-Nazi organizations.

Sometimes these hunter cadres deported entire groups to a
single camp en masse.

On June 22, 1941, the war took a significant step as the
German army invaded the Soviet Union. By the end of the
summer, the Nazis approached Moscow. Following in the ad-
vancing infantry's wake were the Einsatzgruppen, mobile SS
squadrons whose sole purpose was to cut through the coun-
tryside of Eastern Europe, slaughtering as many Jews, Gyp-
sies, Communists and opposition political leaders as possible.
Invading towns and villages shortly after their occupation by
German forces, these death squads simply rounded up all Jews,
Gypsies, and Communists and drove them out of the town to
secluded fields or ravines miles away. They made their pris-
oners undress, and then simply shot everyone there. The
corpses were buried in mass pits, in many cases dug by the
victims themselves.

Beginning of the End

In September 1941, 250 Polish prisoners and 600 Rus-
sian POWs residing in the Auschwitz concentration camp
were gassed to death, the victims of an experimental method

he Agonies:

if
4 Chronicle of the Millions

=

E SW

World of Darkness: Disorder
The upheaval in the Shadowlands that was the
‘oduct of the War of the Dead gave new life to many
f the fringe groups already extant within Stygian
society. Renegades took advantage of the absence of

iny formidable

Hierarchy bastions

position to step up attacks against
Transports of souls from over
worked Reapers were set upon and sabotaged, and

(oes liberated. Renegades renewed

in Necropoli, as
no longer maintain order with short-staffed patrols
New R le

many

their wraithly car
sporadic fightin Anacreons could
sroups formed at an alarming pace,
hem consisting of recently arrived soldiers
resistance fighters and other insurgents who picked
up where they had left offand renewed hostilities with

Necropoli became

langerous places to walk the streets, and neither roads

their foes in the Shadowland:

nor rails in the Shadowlands were free from roving
Heretic cults also multiplied, the explosion fu
cled by Nazi reli

struction caused by the war in the Skinlands. Catho

ous intolerance and the vast de

lics who perished in the Nazi sweep of Poland formed
old. Ministers and other humanitarians who protested
the terrors of the Nazi regime returned to speak out
gainst the new enemy, the Hierarchy. The more
ipocalyptic-minded wraiths saw the Second World
War as a final cleansing of the Land of the Quick
ind formed Circles to await what they saw to be the

final, encroaching End, the arrival of Oblivion

of execution. In December, at the Chelmno concentration
camp, specially sealed vans that pumped carbon monoxide
exhaust into their cargo holds were also tried as a m of
mass execution, but with horrifying results — the vans were
not completely sealed. When they opened the killing cham-
bers, the Nazis found many half-dead and dying prisoners who
had to be shot to end their suffering. The idea of mobile kill-
ing vans soon was discarded by the Nazis. The idea of mass
slaughter was not.

Nothing Short of Hel: 1942-945

In January 1942, in a villa in the Berlin suburb of
Wannsee, a group of top Nazi officials met to find a way to

World of Darkness: The Partition Accords
As the war continued and the souls of fallen soldiers
on both sides continued to arrive at the receiving cen
ters, the Shadowlands underwent some disturbin
changes. Equitaes and Grim Riders began to notice new
Nilileapenineonen Ucnccreenee tn ineccione ct
the Shadowlands that had previously been both stable
ind sate
Rumors that another Maelstrom was building up flew
throughout the Hierarchy. Some feared thar the Laby
rinth was becoming unstable, and that the war in the
Skinlands was crumbling the barrier between Stygia and
Oblivion As speculations becamewldenand wilder fur
ther reports came in of new wraiths crossing the Shroud,
souls with auras and appearances never before seen in
the Shadowlands. Eyewitness accounts told of new Rest
less, some with strange Deathmarks, some with their
Cauls half-hanging off their physical forms. These new
wraiths journeyed)roithe nearest established Necropoli
seeking assistance from the Restless within, but found
the attitude of many within Stygian society a cruel mir
ror of what had befallen them in the Skinlands. Most
Anacreons refused to admit these tatterdemalion souls.
thers coukethem/(orcomenew (ormoreroresques trom
the maw of Oblivion, and set Doomstayers on them. Most
were simply, denied/entrnee/on|pringinies Somelwer
phystcally;chaved oieby, what Lesionnalnes remained
Many in the Shadowlands had crossed the Shroud
with their old hates, fears and prejudices intact, and had
tittle sympathy for theghostsor Jews: Gypsies and other
victims. More aid and tolerance was given even to the
new Renegades and Heretics who dotted the landscape
old soldiers and freedom fighters commanded more rc
They, afterall, had died fighting fora cause, What

had these new wraiths done that demanded their respect

What purpose could they serve? What had they to offer
They were nothing but fuel for Oblivion, many worried
Soon after the eyewitness accounts reached the at

tention of the Deathlords, these new wraiths themselves

permanently solve the "Jewish Question." Specifically, these
"experts" had gathered to determine what the Nazi govern-
ment planned to do with the millions of Jews still residing in
Nazi-occupied lands throughout Europe. Chaired by Reinhard
Heydrich, the head of the Sicherheitsdienst police, this confer-
ence ended with plans for what was termed the "Final Solu-
tion" to the Jewish Question — the planned mass execution

WAHL

it

They had been br

s by numerous F

appeared at the city gates of Stygia

to the seat of power in the Shado'

k them throu;

en, who he Tempest in sate

with these ragamuffins, bur no one

Charon and his ministers the st of their deaths, and the

truth what was occurring in the Skinlands under cov

war

Charon and the Deathlord

y

though not for the reasons their accus

continued to pour in to the Shadov

the Shroud would very likely weal

lif the harrier between the
n near a Nihil

ly had to be taken, 1

Action cle

structural inte of the Shroud,

with these new wraiths

especially in light ierarchy's
within the city. The Ferrymen retreated to the Tempest, and
the inexorable wheels of bureaucracy began to grin

Still preoccupied with his war ag \

entrusted these new wraiths to the ¢

meeting was called he { their

nost
powerful Anac ( f it drew
vast influx of these new wraiths and the p problems
this tidal wave of new souls might create. OF ¢ none of
the wraiths who had actually died in the Holocaust was party

and nothing more

The agreement that the Deathlords and Anacreons fi

ind divided

rds. Each

nally reached was called the Partition

theseven Deathl

these new souls up equally am

of the entirety of European Jewry. It formalized as official Nazi
state policy the genocide of millions of people.

This plan, headed by SS captain Adolf Eichmann, out-
lined the construction of six camps in Eastern Europe which
would become the sites for the mass execution of Jews, Gyp-
sies and other undesirables. These camps, Chelmno, Sobibor,
Majdanek, Treblinka, Belzec and Auschwitz, were constructed

by the Deathlor

tive

these c

der the Accc

p of Holocaust wraith he given their own ghett:

he wraiths were t protected

hemselves, under the administration of

specially chosen Anacreons who would report directly to the

ld have freedom from Heretic or

in Necropoli walls

Necro}

Renegade m

thermore, Legionnaires would be dispatched to the

the Sh

(through Skinriding and other methods) in order

rve the activities in the Skinlands and determine where

ind when the Sh tbric might weaken. In return for

ith claiming the rights granted un
he oblig

her passage through the Shroud if so

icessions,

o provide information about

the particulars

The Deathlords and Anacreons patted themselves on

the back at th incture, feeling that the Partition Ac
were the end of the problem. H: the combi
of horrors in the vlands anc il maneuver
ing within th | leclawed these agreements.

ind the Holoc

aust worsened, it hecame

sible for Leg:

ibility in the Shroud. Moreover, many of the
Deathlords used the pr ions in the Partition Accords
dizement, shortchanging records of
zoing so far as outright piracy of |
each other's transports. Overburdened Anacreons, facing
from their Necropolis poputations, soon. |

tired of giving these new wraiths special treatment, and

slackened in their protection of these Partition communi

ties. Such dishonorable behavior led to many of the Parti

tion communities breaking up, as disillusioned wraiths left

the Necropoli to make their own haunts elsewhere

within the year. Sparing no expense, the regime equipped them
with the facilities to kill hundreds, even thousands at a time.

Final Stops

In 1942, the six death camps began to operate. The SS ini-
tiated the process of emptying the ghettos of Poland, as well as


ya St
"awiilig 4
sg

Cov

0
y 4
/ 1
\g

0

eS iM
nad NJ
'

8}.

\

SNA ED>. VW

Eastern and central Europe. They transported thousands of the
condemned to the half-dozen death camps, sending them hun-
dreds of miles in cramped, suffocating cattle cars. Those
transportees who survived the journeys were herded off the cars
and separated into groups, men apart from women and children.
The prisoners were led into large underground chambers,
which held approximately a thousand or so people. After sur-
rendering all of their property to the guards and specially as-
signed inmates, the prisoners were ordered to strip naked and
prepare for a "delousing shower." Guards admonished them
to remember where they had placed their clothes in the un-
derground anteroom, where garments were piled in heaps
under signs with slogans such
and "One Louse Can Kill."
The guards then led the prisoners, women and children first,
into an underground chamber with shower heads on the walls and
large room dividers to separate men and women. The door leading
inside was locked and sealed. After they secured the room against
any leakage, SS guards then poured cans of Zyklon-B crystals
form of cyanide) through special vents in the roof. The crystals
released cyanic fumes almost immediately upon hitting the tiled
floors, killing hundreds within a few minutes. It took about 20
minutes to kill every individual in the underground chamber.

"Cleanliness Brings Freedom"

After doing their work, the noxious gases escaped into
the air by means of special ducts. After the chamber had been
cleared, the door was opened and teams of other prisoners

went in to collect the bodies for disposal. Pairs of prisoners
carried out the dead, naked bodies of the victims, their skin
tinged blue from the effects of asphyxiation, into the crema-
torium. Here the prisoners placed the bodies in large ovens
where they burned, the rising smoke tainted with the saccha-
rine stink of death.

Those prisoners who were not doomed to the gas chambers
were singled out by the SS for other purposes. After initial quaran-
tine from the rest of the prisoner population, this small minority
was used for any number of purposes, mostly slave labor. Some of
the prisoners singled out became human subjects in medical experi-
ments. These procedures, run by teams of SS physicians, supposedly
determined whether any viable biological procedure could be found
for turning members of "inferior" races into people with more "Aryan"
features and characteristics. Procedures such as injecting dye into
eye pigment and surgical procedures designed to change facial char-
acteristics were common, as were as behavioral experiments and
electro-shock treatment. Thousands perished or found themselves
irrevocably deformed as a result of this experimentation.

creatures were not immune to
the I leashed by the creation of the death
camps. Unlucky Kindred, Lupines and other creatures

were ca 1¢ nets and transported to the

camps. Under the direction of Himmler, a top-secret
ration called Project Werewolf was implemented

in the camps to deal with those supernaturals who

had been imprisoned. Lupines were the subjects of ex

perimentation by specially selected Project Were
» performed procedures on these beit
any that Mengele and his ilk had ever
of these experimental subjects sur
Werewolf also studied the few Kindred who

een imprisoned — primarily Ravnos and Gangrel

h similar results. However, members of all clans
sect selves making accommodations
the Nazi war machine; the camps served as a veri

table banquet of vitae. One more desiccated corpse didn't

matter to the camp guards, so Kindred of all stripes fed
yon the inmates Afterall, with

gluttonot ifthe camps.

r souls doomed to the ovens anyway, what did

if one here or there 1a little sooner?

imors can and do persist of Tzimisce involvement
in the activities of Project Werewolf (not to mention
the other experimental stations scattered throughout the
Reich), but the only conclusive evidence of Awakened
involvement in scientific exploitation of the camps in
es workers of magi ong the Conventions, the

research performed by Iteration X and Progenitor mages
Juring Mengele's ascendancy is well-documented. What

less well kn

f the Euthana

1 is the fact that the House of Helikar,
tradition has been tapping Quinte
f Dachau for decades, exploitin,

nance of the suffering there for their own put

nce from the site
the Re
I
Needless to say, the wraiths of the Dachau free
camp s than pleased with this state of affairs.
Reliable sources indicate action on the matter will

come


Private men and women throughout Europe risked and
often lost their lives in attempts to safeguard Jews from the
Nazi roundup. Men such as Raoul Wallenberg, Oskar
Schindler and Joop Westerweel personally saw to the safe
transportation of thousands of Jews to neutral countries. Dan-
ish clergy and private citizens managed to save almost the
entire population of Danish Jewry from the Nazis by hiding
and transporting Jews out of the country to neutral Sweden.
Where governments and diplomats could not help, many pri-
vate individuals sheltered Jewish families in hideouts, base-
ments and upper rooms.

While the death camps were operating nonstop, deter-
mined men and women fought an underground struggle in
the face of insurmountable odds against Nazi oppression. Re-
sistance movements were present in practically every camp
and ghetto in Europe, and the year 1943 saw a series of re-
volts by Jewish and other prisoners against Nazi forces. In the
Warsaw ghetto, from which Jews had been regularly deported
to Treblinka, a group of young Jewish and Communist fight-

ers hid the entire population of the ghetto, close to 60,000
people, in bunkers and rose in revolt. For three days in April,
the 700 or so fighters staved off attacks from over 2000 Ger-
man soldiers backed up by tanks and artillery, with only afew
dozen pistols and grenades. Resistance continued until the
Germans finally overcame the fighters by burning down the
ghetto building by building.

Despite the predictable failure of the uprising, the cour-
age exhibited by the Warsaw group helped to inspire other
tevolts, most noticeably within two death camps. On Octo-
ber 14, 1943, a rebellion of the prisoners at the Sobibor death
camp lead to its closure. In August, a revolt by the prisoners
at Treblinka destroyed much of the facility. As a result, the
camp was shut down in November.

Destroying the Evidence

By late 1944 Germany had irrevocably lost the war. Al-
lied forces were approaching from the west, riddling German
cities and towns with heavy saturation bombing. Russian
forces, having stopped the German advance at Stalingrad in


Many of th

zis in resi
tanec 1 when they
ed into th st numbers of former

¢ fighters bar seth Xenegades and

| casedbted he

enemies. (

resistani
1 ind
ling

emselves the Army of Fire, these

we many headaches for many

hom the f Fire accused of harbor

brot

le searchit

of Fi ffectivel he an end

the Partition A Ye Variou:

which had heen created under the
rds. What the fi
f wraiths set

ropulace |

sian society. It kc

communi
thrers saw were spc
f the

tatu

ipart from the
their indefinable
sked far too familiar

within St

Army of Fire infiltrated these communities and

I
vem

[min,
TOF

ler their protection. The | ionnair

numbered the Army's rag-tag brigades, but did nothing

to stop them — many Hicrarchs felt thar the sooner

wraith their
of wraith
ind joined uj

the Shad

eM

led them int »search for other

f their brethren.

1942, began pushing the Panzer divisions back and breaking
into Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe.

Fearful of having their atrocities discovered, the SS be-
gan a widespread evacuation of all death camps and concen-
tration camps in the easternmost parts of occupied territo-
ties. They feverishly shipped thousands of starving and dis-
eased prisoners west in trains and trucks and on foot, barely
ahead of the advancing Russian forces. The evacuees were
sent to concentration camps further west, where they were
packed into already crowded living conditions. Starvation and
epidemics of typhus and other diseases soon felled many thou-
sands of prisoners in the western camps; never having been
equipped to deal with such conditions, these concentration
camps fostered conditions that made them death camps in
their own right.

The SS tried to cover up their activities in the death
camps before they were overtaken by the Russians, usually by
attempting to destroy evidence of their execution facilities.
After being evacuated, the death camp at Chelmno was razed
to the ground and planted over with small trees several years
old, in a vain attempt to fool anyone who later reported the
existence of an extermination camp at the site.

Eventually the camps were liberated by Allied forces in
late 1944 and early 1945. What the soldiers saw when they
opened the camps beggared description: thoroughly emaci-
ated prisoners clad in rags, their skin lesioned with disease
and jaundiced with illness; piles of hundreds of corpses in half-
dug burial pits rotting in the sun; makeshift crematoria still
full of partially burned skeletons. General George Patton, vis-
iting the camp at Buchenwald, physically vomited upon see-
ing the horrors uncovered. It was a nightmare made flesh, the
detritus of humanity's worst impulses — the monstrous acts
of devolved men living out their darkest hatred upon other
human beings.

Punishing the Guilty

Scores of high-ranking Nazi party officials were captured
by Allied forces in the waning days of the war. Many of the
top Nazi brass chose suicide rather than face up to their deeds;
Hitler, Goebbels and many others elected to take this route.
Many of the Nazis whom the Red Army captured during the
fall of Berlin were summarily shot; the Russian forces felt it
the simplest route to take with those party officials taken into
their custody.

In 1946, an international military tribunal comprised of
the four victorious Allied powers convened at Nuremberg,
Germany. The purpose of this tribunal was to try the highest-
level Nazi officials in their custody for war crimes. Hermann
Gé
government were found guilty of war crimes and crimes against
humanity, including the attempted genocide of the Jewish
populations of Europe. Most were sentenced to hang or to
long terms of imprisonment; a select few, mostly economics
ministers and the like, were found not guilty.

After the Nuremberg trials, the various Allied powers
partitioned Germany into several occupied military districts.
There the individual countries' military courts proceeded to
try for war crimes those Nazi officials of lower ranks in their
respective custodies. In these cases, imprisonment was the
usual punishment; many of the defendants were considered
too far down in the chain of events to warrant execution.

ing, Rudolf Hess, and several other members of the Nazi


"The ea vr ha ha ers

The rounds of trials in Nuremberg and

cones after t

he war by no means put the matter

f Nazi
J others, slipped through the

nent to an end. Hundreds fficials, for

ory. Hiding

ince of local col

in plain sight in German villages with

nals were re-assimilates

trian society after th
mization created by the Nazi
ODESSA, w

Gestapc

is chiefly resy
men in escaping
these former Nazis emigrate
ean countries where t
tion. Some retreated int
4 their lives in peace

twar

Yet many others refused t

Wiesenthal were determined

1

find the murderers who had escaped

to bring them to an accounting of their cr

on the flimsiest of leads ani

Y 1
track down and bring int
been SS commandants
tion and exterminatior

Many

had

: The Shadowlands

he end of the Second World War left

Stygia and the Shadowlands in tatters.

During the years of conflict, wayward souls

reached the Shadowlands in unparalleled

j| numbers. Haunts based in major battle-

fields and cities throughout Europe swelled

in size and population. The great death-

toads teemed with un-Reaped souls, many of whom fell vic-
tim to rampaging Spectres or became Spectres themsel

The breaking point in the Shadowlands came with the oc-

rating

of the Third Reich
aptured former Nax
sin the Allic

ns, and were re

put the terror

ind them. Several c s were found

on technicalities. The
lucrant to help

German and Austrian states

I

mnewalled Wiesentl le at ever

Fichmann

The arrest and trial of

al and his peop! turn

Adolf Eichmann sent a st

ave throughout Germany. Simon Wiesenthal we

ing the whereabouts of Eichmann thr

lly became known to him that Eichmann had
made h y to Argentina, where he resided under a false
identity its and Weisentha

volunteers, ur ing to let Ld Na:

ment fot

ion of Israeli ag
i escape pur

s Aires

ann fre om uen|
In 1961, Eichmann. n trial in Jerus

hiscrimes, abducted Eichr

in 19¢
tem, the

man given urying out the "Final

Solution," y cank it his trial. He named names

places, dates and actions carried out by SS officials in

natiot
igh ut Germ:

the Nocine im

the hatred

of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by atomic bombs. The Labyrinth
cracked open and released the great Malfean Gorool, who
failed to destroy Stygia because the apparent sacrifice of
Charon himself.

After Charon's disappearance, the Deathlords scrambled
to restore order to the Shadowlands. Anacreons, overburdened
with the continual arrival of souls, found their facilities inad-
equate to deal with the sheer number of wraiths. Many souls,
turned away from the gates of Necropoli, found themselves
even more lost than they whereupon their first arrival in the
Underworld. The major sites of destruction in the Skinlands
had given rise to many more Nihils, arid the already-weak-
ened Stygian forces lost a good portion of their strength in
the battles to stave off Spectral incursions.


And in the middle of the disorder in the Shadowlands
walked the victims of the Holocaust. Vast numbers of
Mortwights, created by Skinland ovens, wreaked havoc upon
Necropoli and long-established Haunts. Angry wraiths at-
tacked random trainloads of newly arrived souls, furiously
searching for their Nazi murderers. And millions of wraiths
pushed haphazardly together into their own little Circles,
wandering the highways in directionless masses. They were
accompanied by no Reapers, no Legionnaires, no Ferrymen
— only by the acrid smell of burning. This stench was a mas-
sive, unmistakable Deathmark upon their numbers.

qhe Voice of Conscience

After some semblance of stability returned to Stygia, the
Deathlords sent invitations to all known Circles of Holocaust
victims, old Army of Fire battalions and Renegade pockets to
meet at Charon's vacant palace, the Onyx Tower, to work to-
ward a solution that would satisfactorily address the concerns of
all of the victims of this secret war against the Jews, Gypsies, and
other groups condemned to elimination by the Nazis. Thousands
of wraiths who fell victim to the Nazi evil gathered in the most
hallowed place in Stygia, the inner sanctum of the great Charon
himself. The seven Deathlords, the Ladies of Fate, high-ranking
Anacreons, Overlords and Marshals were in attendance, as were
as the most powerful Stygian magistrates. In an unprecedented

al Ferrymen also made a strong pres-
et for th

The leaders of the Circles and Renegade pockets had
come prepared and went straight on the offensive. They ac-

assembled to make history.

cused the assembled power structure of Stygia with the will-
ful and willing neglect of the souls in their care. The
Deathlords had horribly mismanaged the treatment of these
wraiths and their fellows, and now reparations would be made.

By ignoring those wraiths who were the first victims of the
Holocaust, the leaders stated, the Deathlords had denied the full
care and support of the Hierarchy to souls in need. This willful
neglect had very likely fed Oblivion as well. By attempting to
palm off the growing numbers of the arriving victims on reluc-
tant Anacreons by means of the toothless Partition Accords, the
Deathlords and Anacreons had abandoned these wraiths to their
own devices, and fueled the rage that had led to the creation of
the Army of Fire —not to mention their attacks upon the vari-
ous Necropoli. By underestimating the impact of the events in
the Skinlands and the resulting physical effects upon the Under-
world, the Deathlords and Anacreons had caused the loss of many
ctres that had in-

victims' souls to the Nihils and roaming
fested Europe. And by engaging in acts of piracy and fraud among
them:
Deathlords had treated these vulnerable wraiths as nothing more

with regards to the collection of victims' souls, the

than an inanimate commodity to line their own coffers with.

—_

The spokespersons for the victims were indignant. They
had witnessed the actions of the Hierarchy, and found no dif-
ference between the treatment of them and their fellow vic-
tims in death and the treatment of their living selves by the
Nazis in life. According to the assembled wraiths, it was evi-
dent that by their own actions the Hierarchy was either un-
willing or unable to successfully deal with them and their
brethren.

The assembled members of the Hierarchy were nonplused
by the accusations, partly because they were true. But mostly
itwas because of the single voice of solidarity that drove their
accusers — here the Deathlords saw before them thousands
of wraiths, all victims of the most heinous crime perpetrated
on the human race. They represented millions upon millions
of souls who were essentially unaccounted for in the
Shadowlands. Circles, Renegades, Heretics and vagabonds all
had come together to speak as one voice, a voice that bel-
lowed forth from the depths of their collective being, a voice
that cried out for help, for justice — for worth.

It was a voice that the Deathlords, insecure in their new
authority, could not ignore.

The Covenant of the Millions

The product of the convocation in the Onyx Tower was
an agreement providing for the establishment of a series of
free ghettos for the wraiths who perished in the Holocaust.
Called the Covenant of the Millions, it was signed by repre-
sentatives of all those present — the Deathlords, the Ladies
of Fate, the lost souls of the Shoah and the Ferrymen.

Holocaust wraiths could establish free ghettos in the
Shadowlands at sites of the major atrocities, where high lev-
els of ambient Pathos were present. These camps would be
connected to each other by the Shadowlands manifestations
of the old rail-lines and highways which had connected death
camps and execution sites during the war; the Allies had
bombed most of this segment of the infrastructure straight
into the Shadowlands.

The ghettos were total sanctuaries, where wraiths Fet-
tered to them could make their own haunts and go about the
arduous process of coming to terms with their deaths and the
Shadowlands. There these wraiths could work to resolve their
Passions, undaunted by outside distractions or interference.
Also included in the Covenant was the right of the Shoah
wraiths to the pursuit, capture and punishment of any and all
former Nazi wraiths. By the letter of the Covenant, no one,
not even the Deathlords, could stand in the way of this hunt
for vengeance.

Stygia was prohibited from exercising any control or au-
thority over the free camps. The Deathlords were to divest

themselves of any interest in the populations of or wbingcoht

within these camps. The Hierarchy was also not allowed ac-
cess inside the camps, and any intruders on camp territory
would find themselves beholden to the justice of the camps'
inhabitants. The camp leaders were responsible to no author-
ity but themselves and their charges. Total autonomy was to
be guaranteed.

In return, the leaders of the free camps would search for
and take in their fellow wraiths still wandering the
Shadowlands. They would work to reunite families and com-
munities. They would seek ways to close the Nihils that had
cracked open at the sites of death camps and other places of
mass murder. They would also, in accordance with the idea of
reuniting of groups of victims, take it upon themselves to find
those wraiths who had crossed the Shroud as Spectres, and
search for ways to tear them from Oblivion's grasp.

The Covenant of the Millions proved to be a landmark event
in the history of Stygia. For the first time since the treaties be-
tween Stygia and the Dark Kingdoms of Jade and Ivory, the Hi-
erarchy officially recognized a population of wraiths as indepen-
dent of Stygian rule. The establishment of the several dozen free
camps paved the way for the evolution of a totally separate soci-
ety in the Shadowlands, the equivalent of a free empire of
Necropoli coexisting with the ancient regime.

life in the Ghettos

Although the several dozen free ghettos are equal in stat-
ure with each other, individual environments differ greatly
from camp to camp. Depending upon the location and
amounts of raw Pathos and Angst available, the societies and
government of the individual ghettos are often very dissimi-
lar.

Some of the largest ones, in places such as Auschwitz
and the other extermination centers, are sinkholes of chaos.
Perched over huge rifts in the tapestry of the Shadowlands,
they teem with Spectres and dark emotion. The wraiths who
haunt these sites spend as much time simply holding back the
hordes of Oblivion as they do trying to resolve their own per-
sonal demons. Other ghettos are more stable in their design,
and function as crossroads for the millions of victims of the
Holocaust. These provide shelter and emotional succor for
those wraiths who live within.

A number of the free ghettos are not "ghettos" in the
true sense of the word, but rather areas of the Shadowlands
where a Circle or group of Circles have become de facto war-
dens of vast reservoirs of Pathos. These-places, which have
usually formed from the emotion generated at scenes of mass
Einsatzgruppen executions or burials, are sparsely populated
(if they are populated at all) in the Skinlands, and often serve

=I)

=


as lodestones for Mortwights and other such creatures of
Oblivion. The guardians of such Haunts, who are mostly
groups of Renegades, patrol their charges resolutely. Wardens
of these "undesirable" sites tend to occupy themselves with
rescuing any of their fellow victims wandering through these
parts of the Tempest and leading them to safer regions.

The labyrinthine bureaucracy of the Hierarchy is not
present within the free camps; Stygian models are eschewed
in favor of much looser forms of administration. The setup

RT OEtheIA common to many camps features a sole leader, chosen from
among the wraiths present, who has authority over a large
lions has been mixed throughout t main Circle or groups of smaller Circles of wraiths within the
feared linc oncind. am This individual often also has the responsibility as serv-
ing as the camp's point man in any dealings with Stygia.

igning of the Cover

perlevel mer
vidual Deatl s, have alway r he
Paarelinto heamesmenr he consort Depending upon the camp's size and complexity, the leader
lmrenuetorithehavinecbenteantpeorthe mlert of a camp is often surrounded with a group of trusted wraiths,
ihe Emiircanen Weaver ; ae consisting of important members of the main Circle or individual
COCR Gharonitechminn é I = leaders of the smaller Circles. These wraiths act as representa-
nthe Cav Eee 1 tives of their own groups and advise the leader as to their con-
eat : . , stituents' particular agendas. Liaisons between the leader and their
Bleretics anulichacie poe ee 2 fa own charges, these counselors provide information to their con-
HesDIcHE NATIT atthe Rcomeriniener stituencies and assist them in whatever way they can.

Stygian power is AGUEHTE the SOR Information about the locations of other wraiths, Fette
Gntenintave ? F erat beneficial relics and Artifacts, and sightings of Spectres travels
Andechenklier fi vita betpatetionint constantly around the various camps. Couriers from among the
echeinerloenihenarccmencet: | rank and file are trusted with conveying information and ensur-
ing safe passage for wraiths between Covenant sites, and many of
the larger ghettos are often liberally sprinkled with these mes-
sengers. Complementing the work of these couriers, periodic
convocations of the leaders are held to exchange data and brief

The Smiling | those assembled on new developments.

In addition to the interaction among the various ghet-
tos, the protocols contained in the Covenant of the Millions
provide for each camp to receive, at periodic intervals, a single
ety | i delegate from Stygia. Each delegate is received privately by
Whence j eae eee ‘ each individual ghetto leader, who provides lists of missing
: By wraiths and other news regarding the growth or recession of
Oblivion in his or her area. In return, the delegate provides
the camp leader with information regarding the whereabouts
of wraiths or other individuals being sought by the popula-
tion of the camp, and communicates any concerns of the Hi-
erarchy to the camp leaders.
weheahed There are also groups of soldiers, remnants of the old Army.
capture' Naiewitl | of Fire, who still patrol the relic rail lines between free camps.
Caiecks These wraiths, often with a subtle assist from nearby Ferrymen,

serve to protect wraiths moving from camp to camp from Spec-
tral — and wraithly — interference. More than one instance of
slavers attempting to hijack Shoah ‘wraiths has been recorded;
after the first few kidnappings the Holocaust wraiths fought back.

In practice, the ma
hettos lies where it usual

rpowering bureaucracy: at the |

many

mation to
some Renegade

munities in their regions
et in bucking the system),

verus, Perryman


All the free ghettos have several common goals, the first of
which is the safety of their own people. Safety for these wraiths is
predicated upon the physical integrity of these camps, which
hinges upon the memories and emotions of the Quick — those
who survived the Holocaust and those of future generations who
seek to learn the truth and guard against the recurrence of its
sins. Both personal and collective action by those still living are
a significant influence upon these communities in the
Shadowlands. Many of the ghettos have suffered damage from
attempts by those in the Skinlands to forget the terror, or erase
the evidence or tamper with the truth of what happened. Each
wave of denial by the Quick attacks the structure of the ghettos
and results in manifestations of a physical nature. Walls fade away.
Relics are lost. Wraiths themselv: ipped of any memory of
their death in the land of the Quick, can suffer agonizing
Harrowings and submit to Oblivion.

Positive action by the Quick, on the other hand, serves
to strengthen the camps and their populations. Many of the
Holocaust memorials that have been built within the half-
century following the end of World War II have benefited
the victims' wraiths — records of their deaths have been made
public; exhibitions in museums and memorials displaying per-
sonal effects have saved many Fetters from destruction; and
works of scholarship and art fuel Quick emotions and memo-
ties that have further solidified many of the communities in
the Shadowlands. The free ghettos have endeavored to work
through the Shroud to further these positive vy the Qui:

By tapping into the emotions that spiral upwards from the
memorials and remembrances, they hope to provide enough
collective energy for their own selves to resolve their P:
sions and pass from the Shadowlands to a better place.

In addition to ensuring their own safety, the wraiths liv-
ing in these free ghettos have pledged themselves to locating
the souls of the millions of victims of the Holocaust and bring-

ing them into the fold. The idea of one vast community of
souls bound together by their singular experiences of death is
one of the prime movers behind everything that goes on un-
der the free camps' aegis. The ghettos are constantly on the
lookout for fellow victims of the Holocaust, lost souls travel-
ing the darkened paths of the Tempest, hiding out in rarely

‘ed Necropoli or attaching themselves to random packs of
Guild wraiths or Heretics. They are also searching for those
victims who have already fallen into Oblivion and been tra
formed into Spectres or other grotesques; many camps boast a
group or Circle who have assumed the dangerous task of
searching for these creatures and trying to aid them in achiev-
ing Redemption.

The wraiths who make up the Circles in the free camps sin-
cerely believe that the damage done by the Holocaust can be
tepaired in the Shadowlands, but only with the strength and

qhe Role of the ferrymen

The events surrounding the arrival of the Holocaust
wraiths and the signing of the Covenant of the Millions
mark the first time in centuries that the Ferrymen have
stepped out from behind their arras of secrecy to play a

significant role in the direction of the Shadowlan

er
rymen made it possible to bring the first of these wraiths
to the attention of Charon and the Deathlords, which
led to the Partition Accords, Many Ferrymen were vis
ibly active in aiding the Army of Fire when the Accords
fell apart, guiding the Army's battalions to Partition com
munities and traveling the Byways of the Tempest to col
lect dispersed groups of Holocaust wraiths

The exact motives of the Ferrymen have long been

debated, particularly in the wake of

it is seen to he

lecidedly partisan actions on behalf of the Holocaust
wraiths. Theories are as numerous as the Ferrymen
themselves. Some think that, the Ferrymen, havin
always been outsiders in Stygian society, are acting out

of an intangible connection to the indefinabl

tatus

of the Holocaust wraiths. Others believe that the Fer

rymen have become reactionaries, tired of the ¢

tion and back room dealing of the Deathlords, and arc

on the verge oust the

of making a power play

Deathlords from their seats of power, If this theory is

first steps towards establishing an independent power
hase, and suddenly the aid rendered the Holocaust
wraiths takes on chilling new proportions. The notion

What no one seems to take at face value is the posi

tion of the Ferrymen themselves. The exp:

lation an
Ferryman gives (when one is lucky enough to find a Fer
rymen who will talk openly on the matter) issimple: They
have always been bound by their Oath to safeguard he
man souls with every ounce of their being. Keeping that

Oath does not end with simple combating of Spectres or

ferrying souls safely across the Tempest. Instead, living up

to that pledge is a matter of ensuring the freedom of any

wraith to exist free from danger by any foe — he ita Spec
tre from the Labyrinth or a corrupt Anacreon from one
of the most solidly established Necropoli. Saving souls,
regardless of the direction of the threat, is what the Ferry

Ttodo, and is what they are

doing still
Ar least, that is their claim. Some wraiths believe
it, some do not, and there is very little that anyone

can do to further the matter

A Telling of the Agonies
4 Chronicle of the Millions


ing and dead souls. To these wraiths, each missing soul retards
the healing process for the individual and the community of vic-
tims. Each family still torn apart by the disappearance of loved
ones encourages despair and brings Oblivion a step closer. Every
wraith who has given up his or her quest for peace and submitted
to the entropic mass strengthens the power of the darkness, and
makes his or her death an empty sacrifice. If true victory over
Oblivion is to be achieved, both among the Quick and the Dead,
it can only be reached by the efforts of the collective conscience
and hope of the millions of individuals.

Outsiders

The existence of these independent communities of Ho-
locaust wraiths has been received with mixed feelings in the
rest of the Shadowlands. Despite the granting of official sta-
tus to these free camps of wraiths, suspicion of and opposition
to their perceived motives does exist throughout the many
levels of the Hierarchy. Several members of the Stygian bu-
reaucracy and military organizations have expressed concern
over surrendering to these ghettos the responsibilities of moni-
toring the nearby Nihils. Questions have surfaced regarding
the amount of training and ability necessary to repel the forces
of Oblivion successfully, and if these relatively young wraiths
possess sufficient skill with which to do so. Many wraiths in
the Hierarchy have openly stated that the combination of
delicacy and determination required to offset the innate power
of a Nihil may not be present among these communities. Re-
sponsibility for such an important task, critics say, should rest
with the vastly more experienced wraiths of the Hierarchy.

In Jewish m
who ha
person. Sometim«
evil
thin
fer. It all depends uy
Following th
Iybbuh
|

tical trad
returned fron

ometimes th

stright, and somet

lions, the na
the Holocaust

wraith:

ten, they deser

Other Rest
ind made it their own, transt
urce of pride. Today

fer to themselve

ion intoa

ind their peer

RE,

een aed

The guarantees of the total independence of these ghettos
from Stygia has also been an ongoing source of tension between
the Hierarchy and the Holocaust communities. Despite the ex-
plicit terms of the Covenant of the Millions, the existence of sev-
eral dozen Circles of wraiths acting under an umbrella of a totally
clandestine nature has worried Anacreons and others, who sim-
ply do not trust these wraiths. What are they doing in there, the
skeptics ask. Anacreons with Necropoli near (or in many cases
bordering) these free ghettos have enunciated feelings of reluc-
tance and mistrust concerning these outsiders' doings. Servants of
the Deathlords who were required to cede some of their territory
to groups of these wraiths during the failed Partition Accords have
been especially vocal. They fear the possibility of attacks on their
Necropoli by platoons from these ghettos as revenge for their part
in the Deathlords' shoddy management of the entire affair.

The Covenant communiti

' attempts to coordinate Re-
demptions of fallen wraiths have also made many in Stygia
curious, mainly about the success of such endeavors. Word
about these efforts has slowly leaked out over the years, and
at this point the Shoah wraiths have ceased denying it. Of
course, if the Holocaust wraiths have developed a working
method to effect a successful Redemption, many within the
Hierarchy feel that they have a bounden duty to share this
information. If, on the other hand, these touted Redemptions
are failing, what are the potential consequences of such in-
tense long-term contact with Spectres?

There are also a select few Hierarchs who believe that the
communities of dybbuks have joined together in a conspiracy to
unleash the power of all of these Nihils and Spectres all at once.
According to these wraiths, the Shoah Restless have entered
into secret negotiations with a Malfean to aim the effluvia of
Oblivion toward Stygia and the Deathlords in revenge for what
the Hierarchy was accused of during the sessions in the Onyx
Tower. The proponents of this theory are very few in number,
but their paranoia has managed to creep into other places within
the Hierarchy. Slowly but surely, the opinions of many towards
the Holocaust wraiths are cooling.

The matter of the souls of former Nazis has also been a linger-
ing bone of contention between the free Holocaust communities
and the Hierarchy. The Covenant of the Millions provides for the
delivery of any wraith conclusively shown to be a former Nazi to
the justice mechanisms of the free Circles. It also allows for wraiths
in these Circles the freedom to move unhindered through the
Shadowlands in order to investigate and search for the where-
abouts of these criminals. Yet it has been'said by the leaders of the
free camps and Renegade groups of Holocaust wraiths that the
Hierarchy has been harboring the souls of former SS men and
other Nazi officials within their administration. Rumors persist
that certain Deathlords and Anacreons have given shelter and


Swe S
THYANS oS A,

Plan of the Major Cities, Extermination and Concentration Camps.
° 200 } * Leningrad
Thies
|
CONCENTRATION and I
EXTERMINATION CAMPS | ‘Moscow
Ld
ies I Vilna,
earns Minsk
London ¢ "Amsterdam Bete Warsaw, BEBLINKA
CHELMNO @ SQBIBOR
BUCHENWALD mw CROSS-ROSEN EMAJDANEK ——eKiew
"Paris AUSCHWITZ m ¢ Krakow
MAUTHAUSEN .
‘THERESIENSTADT
= Vienna®
U
ie ‘Budapest dessa
"Bucharest

immunity to many of the Holocaust's worst criminals. Top offi-
cials of the Third Reich, with the tacit approval of Stygian ad-
ministrators, have been furnished with new names and identities,
and in some cases had their features Moliated to escape detection.
There is also said to exist an underground Circle made up of former
SS men, called the Nebula Group. Supposedly, this organization
has played a huge part in procuring new identities and positions
for former Nazis, as well as disseminating misleading information.

qhe Future

Nothing like the Holocaust had ever before been imag-
ined. Its legacy in the form of millions of new souls and innu-
merable chasms created in the Tempest forever changed the
shape of the Shadowlands. The endless streams of wraiths who
were its offspring transformed irrevocably the society and gov-
emment that had been in place for so long. It was a revolu-
tion of death, a twisted uprising of primal hate that had ig-
nited the ovens in the realm of the Quick and had shattered
the world of the Restless Dead.

The bond of the Covenant of the Millions provided not just
an opportunity for a vast group of tortured beings to confront the

reality of the netherworld. It provided an opportunity for rebuild-
ing, not just for the millions of wraiths who make up the free
Holocaust camps, but for the entirety of Stygia. The full scale of
horrors visited upon humanity by the Second World War de-
in the Skinlands and unleashed
the Fifth Maelstrom, the awakening of Gorool, and the ultimate
sacrifice of Charon in the Shadowlands.

stroyed communities and liv

Many wonder whether the Shadowlands are capable of surviv-
ing without the presence of Charon. Some are convinced that the
next Maelstrom will be the one that unleashes the full potency of
Oblivion and swallows all existence, Quick and Dead alike, in its
nothingness. The Holocaust wraiths feel that the Shadowlands can
survive, that Oblivion can not only be stopped, but finally defeated.
The quest to gather together all of their millions of fellows is the
guiding beacon that emboldens their actions and invigorates their
resolve. These communities believe that the full pool of their emo-
tions — fear, love, anger, confusion, revengé, introspection, deliv-
erance — has the power to reach back across to the living world and
plant the seed of tolerance and courage within humanity, ensuring
that the foul blackness will never again reign over humankind' heart.
It is this, they say, that will bring about the truth and the hope
necessary to achieve nothing less than Transcendence.

A Telling of the Agonies

A Chronicle of the Millions



ODDS SO0c

Antechan

he Damned:
he Theresienstadt Ghetto

by jonathan Blacke

n the wake of the fall of Poland to the
German forces in September 1939, the
Nazi party moved quickly to round up the
f Ly Jewish populations of Eastern Europe.

Keissys)) They interred them within their own cit-
ies and towns, creating specially estab-
lished ghettos in the historically Jewish
sections of these municipalities. Hundreds of these ghettos
were constructed in Poland, Romania, and elsewhere through-
out Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe, high-walled prison camps
that cut right across major city streets. Thousands of Jewish
men, women and children were deported to these places, cor-
doned off from the outside world and exposed to overcrowd-
ing, contagion, abuse and outright murder at the hands of
their Nazi wardens.

Theresienstadt, a small garrison town in Czechoslovakia
left over from the Hapsburg Empire, was one such place. What
was once a fortified barracks for the grenadiers of Joseph II
became, under SS control, a place where Jews from Czecho-

slovakia, Germany, and other regions in central and Western
Europe were transported. Unlike Warsaw or Lodz, however,
Theresienstadt was to be different. Billed by Nazi propagan-
dists as a "model Jewish settlement," it was supposedly a town
where elders and prominent members of Jewish communities
across Europe lived and worked freely, maintaining the singu-
lar cultural and societal traditions that had distinguished the
Jewish quarters of European cities for centuries. To the rest of
the world, represented by a delegation from the International
Red Cross who visited the camp in 1944, Theresienstadt was
everything the Nazis proclaimed it to be: Jewish families liv-
ing and praying together; a Jewish council of elders leading
the town in total self-government, and even a flourishing
community of artists, musicians, and playwrights culled from
the cream of European Jewry existing inside the walls.
Nothing could have been more false. During the three-
and-a-half years Theresienstadt was in operation, it received
over 140,000 Jews, who existed in a real working concentra-
tion camp. Within two months of the camp's inception, in

mmber of the Damned
Theresienstadt Ghetto

ber


January 1942, the first in an unbroken chain of deportations
of Jews farther east — to the killing centers — began. The
little garrison town that had once moved Joseph II's troops to
the front lines soon became a waystation for a different sort
of transport: that of its Jewish population to Auschwitz. Dur-
ing its lifetime, Theresienstadt saw over 88,000 Jews deported
to the premier death camp. Another 33,000 died within the
ghetto's high walls and festering alleys, the victims of disease,
torture or execution as a pustular tapestry of fear and lies and
pain and death was woven within the shadows of its ram-
parts.

In the Shadowlands, the citadel of Theresienstadt still
stands, a pulsing outcast of a structure in a rarely traveled
region of the Shadowlands. It has become, in death, the an-
tithesis of what it was in life — a free Circle of wraiths, Jew-
ish and others, who have banded together to establish this
camp as a place of healing and sanctuary, of support and re-
membrance. The ghetto's wraiths have assembled a commu-
nity of rebuilding in this land of the Dead. They have pledged
themselves to reuniting families torn apart in the destructive

confusion of war, to assisting wraiths in locating long-lost
Fetters, to finding wandering victims and provide a guiding
center for their existence beyond the Shroud — in short, to
provide a place of salvation for the thousands of innocent
victims who still wander the broken roads of the dead.

The Citadel Theresiensta

heresienstadt sits in the middle of a softly
| hillocked plain near the Ohre River in
Bohemia. The fields and trees along the
riverbanks stretching to the Middle-Bo-
hemian Hills, spotted with orchards and
vineyards, lend an uncharacteristically
idyllic backdrop to the camp itself.
Weather and time have discolored the surface of
Theresienstadt's jagged, star-shaped ring of walls into a trun-
cated spectrum ranging from dark red to purple all along its
perimeter. Combined with the slate roofs of the barracks in-


side, the entire complex has the coloration of an old, deep
wound, marring the verdant landscape even on the brightest
of spring days. In the Shadowlands, the wound is real and
tangible, a gash in the earth leading straight to the whirling
chaos of the Tempest. The garishness of the colors is even
more pronounced here; in some places the walls appear to
smolder, in others to decay, and in others to bleed.

The interior of the camp is laid out in a typical military
grid formation, all squares and angles, ostensibly to facilitate
the movement of troops inside the walls from one part of the
fortress to another during an attack or siege. Gray and square
and unblinking in their solidness, barrack houses make up
the vast majority of the buildings, taking up whole blocks in-
side the fortress. Built to house a total of 3,500 soldiers during
their garrison days, these buildings held an average of at least
30,000 Jews during the ghetto's tenure, and at one point as
many as 50,000. They loom over the narrow streets of the
Shadowlands citadel, many of their sides marked with haunt-
ing murals drawn by a wraith known only as Butterfly.

In the center of the citadel stands a small square, bor-
dered by the dead trunks of trees that ringed its perimeter in
life. The square fronts the camp's small church with its tower-
ing steeple and the military headquarters' buildings, flanking
it. The Skinlands church, auspiciously named the Church of
the Resurrection, now serves as a backdrop for the assemblies
of the population of Theresienstadt, who come to the square
to voice their opinions and vote upon business that affects
the entire Haunt. Behind the church stands the central hos-
pital, where Dr. Richard Holvenbach and a small group of
nurses struggled against the epidemics of TB and cholera that
rampaged through the camp during the war. In the
Shadowlands, the hospital is a meeting place for the hun-
dreds of wraiths who fell victim to the diseases brought on by
overcrowded, unsanitary conditions. They look to Dr.
Holvenbach as their spokesperson in the camp, and he takes
the great responsibility of representing them seriously.

To the east of the hospital is the Magdeburg Barracks,
which housed the Judenrat, or Jewish Council of Elders, dur-
ing the Nazi overseeing of the camp. It is now the seat of
leadership in the camp, headed by Solomon Eisenfeld. A
former member of the Council in life, Eisenfeld runs the camp
with a fair and caring hand. He seeks to make the dark for-
tress a beacon of hope for the millions of victims of the Nazi
war machine. No one knows more than he how difficult such
a task can be.

Despite the best efforts of the wraith population of
Theresienstadt to cleanse this garrison of the hateful, fearful
memories attached to it, many reminders of the abominations
that transpired within the walls are flagrantly evident in the
Land of the Dead. Outside the bleeding walls of Theresienstadt

lies the Small Fortress, an annex built across the Ohre River |
to defend both banks from attack. This squat, unassuming
brick outpost became its own death camp during the war. Here
hundreds of Jews were imprisoned, tortured and summarily
executed by the SS for breaking the rules of the camp. In the
Shadowlands, the Small Fortress stands sleek and dangerous
— it is positioned over the opening to a Nihil that leads im-
measurably down to the heart of the storm. This Nihil is a
constant threat to the integrity of the Theresienstadt fortress,
for it is not unknown for Spectres to appear and attack the
walls or grab unprotected wraiths. Occasionally, the more
adventurous wraiths will set out to try and fight with Spectres
who hover in the abyss, but such campaigns are seen to be
only for the braver — or crazier — wraiths.

history

qhe Preparations

At dawn on November 24, 1941, an activity all too fa-
miliar in Nazi-occupied territories repeated itself, as 342 young
men from Prague were herded into boxcars at the Masaryk
railway station in the city and taken away, never to be seen
again in the capital. Five hours later, the train and its human
cargo arrived at the town of Bohusovice, where the men dis-
embarked and walked the couple of miles to the leering, solid
ramparts of an old garrison fortress. Surrounded by a wide
moat, its ancient battlements were ringed with very modern
soldiers and weapons. The transportees marched inside; the
gates closed behind them and gendarmes from the local Czech
police were posted outside the walls.

Thus began the operation of Theresienstadt, a chronicle
of infamy which would last until the end of the war. It was
originally created by Reinhard Heydrich, the head of the
Gestapo, for the elderly Jews of Europe: those over 65 years
old and those who could not bear the strain imposed upon
them by full resettlement in Poland. Heydrich's propaganda
promoted the Theresienstadt camp in a favorable light, call-
ing it a "model ghetto" and billing it as a sort of "Jewish reser-
vation." With rumors of the horrible conditions in Polish
camps freely circulating in the Jewish communities of central
Europe, the advance publicity about the Theresienstadt camp
began to assuage some of the fears that had spread through-
out local Jewish populations.

Jewish leaders sought active participation in the initial con-
struction and organization of the ghetto. Siegfried Seidl, whom
the SS had appointed as camp commandant and leader of the
ghetto operation in the summer of 1941, ordered the local Prague
Jewish community to assemble a team of workers and techni-


cians to prepare the fortress town for its transformation into the
"autonomous ghetto," as it was touted by Nazi accounts. Over
400 people, mostly volunteer Jewish laborers with a small core of
administrative types, were collected to ready the camp. They
expended a great deal of energy and enthusiasm in their work,
and Seidl and his men played further on the promises of autonomy.
He extended "privileges," permitting the Jewish population its
own guard, technical and legal sections and finance department
with its own type of currency. These bills showed a picture of
Moses bearing aloft the Tablets of the Law.

On November 30 and December 2, 1941, two more trans-
ports totalling 3,000 people came from Prague to the camp.
These included the hand-picked Judenrat (the Council of El-
ders, the administrative Jewish body of the camp chosen by
Seidl), another 1,000 young volunteer laborers, and a great
many older Jews from Prague. All had signed "transfer of resi-
dence" agreements with the local Nazi constabulary — agree-
ments that forfeited all of their property to the Nazi resettle-
ment authorities for the purchase of a place in the
Theresienstadt ghetto. The agreement was to guarantee them
food, clothing, shelter and medical care for life.

qhe Reality

It was soon evident to all of the residents of Theresienstadt
that what they had heard about and hoped for from the estab-
lishment of this ghetto was nothing but a delusionary miasma.
Almost daily, prohibitions on behavior and possessions were
handed down by the SS through the medium of the Council of
Elders. Men and women and children were segregated in sepa-
rate barracks and not allowed to fraternize with each other or the
small population of non-Jewish denizens of the ghetto. All uni-
formed personnel had to be saluted. A strict curfew was imposed
upon all of the Jewish residents. No one was allowed to walk on
the pavement of the little town, to smoke, to sing or whistle, to
pick wild flowers, or to communicate with the outside world.
Children were often not allowed out of their barracks at all, ex-
cept for on Sunday, when they were marched two at a time un-
der armed escorts to visit their mothers in the women's barracks.

Punishment for any transgression was swift and severe,
consisting of beatings with a cane for small offenses (carried
out by one's fellow prisoners), imprisonment in the Small
Fortress for up to several months for larger offenses, or in the
case of attempted contact with outsiders, with hanging. On
January 10, 1942, nine prisoners were hanged for sending il-
legal messages outside the walls. Seven others were hanged
for the same crime less than a month later.

These incidents, however, would not be the worst evil
inflicted upon the Jewish prisoners. On January 9th, the day

before the first group of executions, 1,000 persons were de-
ported from the camp to Riga, in the Soviet Union. The
Judenrat was given the ignominious task, five days before, of
selecting the individuals to be deported, according to certain
guidelines from the SS. People, called by their prisoner codes,
assembled in an area behind the barracks, clutching bedrolls
and small valises, waiting to be taken to the station at
Bohusovice. From there they were loaded on trains and trans-
ported to Riga. None was ever heard from again.

This event immediately revealed the true nature of the
ghetto, the very thing that these people had given up their lives
to supposedly avoid. It was a collection point for the trains east-
ward. In irregular instances from January 1942 until the fall of
1944, orders would come down instructing the numbers and cat-
egories of people to be shipped east, to Chelmno, Sobibor,
Majdanek, Treblinka, and the main point of arrival, Auschwitz.
At first, those inmates still in the ghetto were given meliorating
postcards from relatives who were now in the "family camp" at
Auschwitz. These postcards were written at gunpoint from fam-
ily members who, by the time the postcards reached
Theresienstadt, were very likely:no more than ash. Eventually,
even the specious postcards stopped coming, no longer able (or
worthwhile) to fool the prisoners of model camp.

qhe Conditions

In the summer of 1942, the Nazis evacuated the entire
non-Jewish population of Theresienstadt, just in time to make
room for a huge surge in transports of the elderly to the camp.
As well as effectively closing off all contact with the outside
world, the flood of new transports soon filled Theresienstadt
with over 53,000 Jews; the fortress had been built to hold a
maximum of 8,000. The Hanover Barracks, whose capacity
was 1,900 persons, housed 3,250 by the end of August. Dresden
Barracks held 4,430 instead of its listed capacity of 3,500;
Podmokly Barracks' 700 spaces were filled by 1,851 inhabit-
ants. Czech law mandated a minimum amount of living space
for any one in an apartment building or similar large dwelling
of eight square yards per person. In Theresienstadt the pris-
oners averaged two.

The effects of this virtual suffocation were immediately
realized. Streets became so crowded it was only possible to
walk down them sideways. Thick, bacteria-laden dust cov-
ered every surface. The barracks stank like a sewer, the pris-
oners' threadbare mattresses serving as nests to flies, lice and
bedbugs. Light in most barrack rooms was given off by a single
weak bulb swinging from a naked wire in the ceiling. Stair-
wells were ankle-deep in waste and trash; latrines overflowed
with slime and human shit. To walk into one of the crowded

barracks was to be assaulted with a barrage ot horrifying sen-
sations: the sights of dimly lit, half-hallucinatory shapes of
men, women and children, scarred by whips and covered in
lesions; the sounds of their moaning and shrieking, vain de-
fenses against their own internal nightmares; and the stench
of filth and disease, and starvation — the stale, cloying, un-
mistakable smell of the human body undergoing the paradoxi-
cal parasitism of feeding upon itself.

Rations were reduced in the camp because of the sudden in-
flux of Jews; most of the slave laborers were given nine ounces of
bread, two ounces of potatoes and a watery gruel each day. It was
even less for those too old or infirm to work. Pneumonia, TB, scar-
let fever, typhus, cholera, dysentery and cerebrospinal fever were
some of the diseases that feasted upon the wretches in the barracks.
The death toll just inside the camp from disease and sickness rose
1032 deaths per day in July 1942, 75 per day in August, and 131 in
September. When a member of the Judenrat reported these statis-
tics to Seidl, his response was, "The clock is going right." Hundreds
of men were conscripted day after day to dig mass graves, wherein
they piled the corpses of their dead friends and loved ones. Their
burden was lightened only by the completion of the camp's crema-

torium, whereatter the majority ot the dead were consigned to the
flames —a frightening foreshadowing of what would await most of
the prisoners, much later, at the terminus of a train ride east.

In spite of the deadly conditions and regular trainloads
of deportations, there did exist a community of men and
women, scholars, writers, artists and thinkers who endeav-
ored to create some semblance of a microcosmic culture in
the very shadow of extinction. Original operettas and musi-
cal compositions were written and performed in the small
church courtyard in the center of the camp. Poetry readings
were held, and both the old and young alike drew and painted
sketches of ghetto life. Yet much of this activity was always
tempered with the harshness of the inmates' plight, especially
in the paintings and poetry of the young children, and even
in their daily games. One of the most popular was a grotesque
parody of Monopoly called "Ghetto" where the Go To Jail
square was replaced by a square called Schleuse (Deportation).

qhe Embellishment

In the summer and fall of 1943, as the death camps oper-
ated at peak efficiency, the flow of prisoners through

Fe
hamber of the Damn

heresienstadt Ghetto

Theresienstadt increased under new camp commandant
Anton Burger. List numbers increased and exemptions
dwindled as Jews from the Netherlands and Denmark were
deported to Theresienstadt. When the lists of deportees were
found to be short several dozen victims in the fall of 1943,
Burger ordered a thorough count of the entire population of
Theresienstadt. At 7:00 A.M. on November 11, 1943, the
entire Jewish population of Theresienstadt — 36,000 men,
women and children — were marched out of the camp into a
large meadow near Bohusovice and forced to stand in groups
of 100 while the SS guards counted and counted them, and
then recounted them again. The Jews were forced to stand in
a freezing rain for nearly 16 hours as they were enumerated by
their jailers. Many of them thought that this was the end,
that they would all be packed onto trains that very day. Close
to 300 people died right on the field from exposure.

During the winter of 1943, rumors about the extermina-
tion camps in the east prompted many international organi-
zations to protest the treatment of Jewish prisoners in Nazi-
Tun concentration camps. With the intent of mollifying in-
ternational opinion, a delegation of the International Red
Cross was allowed to make a visit to Theresienstadt in the
summer of 1944, to see for themselves the full realization of
the "model ghetto." Anton Burger's replacement, Karl Rahm,
immediately set out to turn Theresienstadt into what the N:
press offices had trumped it un to be.

A monumental change came o
tral square was resodded and planted with over twelve hundred
razebo was erected, and concerts

there twice an evening. The gymnasium was transformed into a
Jewish prayer hall, and one of the hospitals became a library. The
mess hall was beautified with linen tablecloths and floral center-
pieces and pretty waitress

s, and in the windows of the butcher
shop hung substantial sausages, canned meats and wursts. A
children's pavilion, replete with sandboxes, swing sets and giant
wooden animals was built — although the children would only
be allowed inside on the day of the Red Cross visit. The head of
the Judenrat was provided with a chauffeur-driven limousine and
his own apartments.

The Jews in the ghetto were taken aback at the total re-
versal of atmosphere. Mandatory saluting of SS men had
ceased. Food rations increased, as did general space, although
this was mainly due to increased transports east — the popu-
lation of the ghetto was 34,000 at the time, and to show the
world that Theresienstadt was a ghetto for the aged and pri
leged, 3,000 young, healthy prisoners were sent to Auschwitz
to reduce the numbers and correct the age demographics.
Barrack space, however, did not increase. Since the delega-
tion was only going to be shown the ground floors, all barrack
occupants were crammed even more tightly into the upper
floors of the housings while the show floors were repainted
and refurbished.


Many of the prisoners had previously witnessed Burger
at work in Prague, where his reputation for cruelty and cold-
ness was nearly unparalleled. Few were so naive as to believe
that this "bliss and comfort" of Rahm and the SS would re-
main after the Red Cross left; many were sure that conditions
would worsen egregiously after the official visit ended. Still,
the Judenrat took advantage of the relaxed regulations to try
and better the prisoners' conditions. It was generally felt that
the "embellishment," although pointless, was a small respite
while it lasted.

It was to be one of the largest and boldest ruses of the
Nazi regime. The International Red Cross delegation was
treated to a soccer game, rock gardens, professionally run bak-
eries and butcheries and pharmacies, a restaurant, fire and
police services, a hospital, a theater and the children's pavil-
ion. The visit took six hours, and the IRC delegation fell for
the embellishment completely. Glowing reports were sent to
the IRC offices in Stockholm. A propaganda film, made by
the Nazi government in the wake of the Red Cross visit,
showed the world what the IRC delegation had seen: a com-
munity of Jews living under the benevolent auspices of the
Third Reich.

After the delegation had left, the pavilions and gazebos
were destroyed. The flowers and tablecloths disappeared, along
with the nourishing meals. Those who were part of the docu-
mentary film, as well as the entire membership of the Judenrat
and nearly all the children, were deported to Auschwitz.

The Final Days

Eleven thousand Jews remained in Theresienstadt after
the widespread purges of the summer and fall of 1944. The
ghetto was emptier than it ever had been, but it would not
remain so for long. In the winter, transports continued to ar-
tive, full of half-Jews from Germany and Austria. In the be-
ginning of 1945, a completely different sort of transport
reached Theresienstadt — from the east. Trains, trucks, and
forced marches brought thousands of prisoners from other
camps in the east, such as Buchenwald, Belsen and Dachau,
to Theresienstadt. The concentration camps and death camps
were being evacuated, barely a half-step ahead of the Russian
army pressing westward.

The sudden arrival of these people from the east — ema-
ciated persons grossly infected with typhus, heavy fevers, and
convulsions; nearly mad survivors of the death camps reduced
to gibbering shells of sentience horrified the prisoners of
Theresienstadt. The rumors of what was happening in the
east, heard and half-believed by many, now solidified into a
real, unforgiving truth with the arrival of these thousands of

survivors.

The population again swelled, to over 33,000 people in the
spring of 1945. With the war definitely lost, the actions of the SS
wavered from one day to the next. Guards increased food allow-
ances and spoke courteously to prisoners, afraid of their punish-
ment after the war. Karl Rahm, the commandant, took a differ-
ent tack. Under orders to destroy all records, he ordered boxes
upon boxes of prisoner cards and deportation lists burned, as well
as a huge pit dug outside the gates, large enough to hold the
bodies of over 10,000 Jews. Workmen were dispatched to seal off
all doors and ventilation shafts leading underground. Plans were
made to gas the entire camp population.

Fortunately, this effort came too late. On May 11, 1945,
Theresienstadt and its population of 32,000 inmates was liber-
ated by the Russian army. Between November 24, 1941 and April
20, 1945, over 140,000 Jews across Europe had been deported to
Theresienstadt. Of these, close to 87,000 had been deported to
the death camps; fewer than 3,000 of this number survived. Over
33,000 people had died within the walls of disease, starvation,
beatings and executions, more than had died at Dachau in its 12
years of operation. Perhaps the most repulsive statistic is the num-
ber of children who were deported to Theresienstadt, nearly
15,000, and the number of those who survived — less than 100.

The Ghetto Circle

The citadel of Theresienstadt in the Shadowlands is home
to several hundred wraiths, bound together in a community
called the Ghetto Circle. When the citadel's smoking, bleed-
ing walls first appeared in the Shadowlands, the wraiths who
were first drawn to its edifice found themselves arrived at an
unstable, menacing structure, its foundations charred, crum-
bling and rank with rot. The streets of the little garrison were
tipped up, and in many cases heaving from small eddies of
Maelstrom; the remnants of barracks and administration build-
ings were wrecked and barely corporeal.

The first wraiths who arrived were, to put it in the mild-
est possible way, wary about venturing back inside the
Shadowlands husk of the camp, their former prison and death
house. Spectres swarmed through the cramped avenues, and
hallucinations of friends and loved ones long dead palled the
atmosphere of these souls' ironic homecoming. Panic set
deeply in the new arrivals' minds; many wrestled with the
idea fleeing the site and taking their chances in the Tempest.
Some wanted to destroy the entire edifice, although how this
was to be accomplished was anyone's guess — the dead here
had even fewer tools than the living. None of the wraiths
who found themselves staring once again at the garrison's
massive, forbidding iron gates and gangrenous walls ever
wished to cross its damning threshold again.

Yet they entered.


Tt was partly a lack of anywhere else to go, partly out of
curiosity. But each and every wraith who did and does jour-
ney to the haunt at Theresienstadt has come guided by a com-
mon wish — to put right, for themselves and their fellows,
what was destroyed. In the beginning, the pilgrimage into the
old fortress was simply a matter of survival. The Nihil that
sits beneath the Small Fortress was much larger than it is to-
day, teeming with Spectres and other effluvia of the Tempest.
The first group of wraiths to appear at Theresienstadt con-
cerned themselves with simply beating back the abysmal
hordes and closing the Nihil as much as possible. It was a
long and dangerous fight; many were lost and much was de-
stroyed. But as other souls made Theresienstadt the end of
their journey, the wraiths' numbers grew and the Nihil was
effectively beaten down to its present dimensions.

The wraiths founded a Circle within the walls, drawing
up a community and a charter. Many of them had wandered
fora long while before finding Theresienstadt, and had picked
up various talents from people and groups on the fringes of
Stygian society: some had been taught a few impromptu Guild
talents, some had picked up other skills on their own. It was
agreed by all that the wraiths who formed this community,
called the Ghetto Circle, would individually and collectively
utilize their talents, their energies and their Pathos toward
reconstructing the families, the communities and the memo-
ties of all those who had passed through the gates of
Theresienstadt in life.

Such a pledge often proves formidable. Though solid
enough, the walls of Theresienstadt are not free from fading
away to nothing: the surrounding population of the Skinlands
garrison rarely journeys to this genocidal reminder.
Theresienstadt is remembered in memorials and exhibits in
other regions of the Skinlands, to be sure, but these instances
of remembrance are far distanced from the actual site of the
horrors. Tapping into the emotional energy of the Quick to
strengthen the integrity of the Haunt, therefore, requires an
enormous amount of effort and Pathos on the part of the whole
wraith community.

Most of the trappings of the Ghetto Circle bear little re-
semblance to the workings of the ghetto during the war. In
fact, much of the meticulous organization of Nazi regulations
is, understandably, absent in the structure of the Circle. The
government of the citadel (which is essentially equivalent to
the hierarchy of the Circle itself) is rather loose.
Theresienstadt is presided over by a wraith picked by the en-
tire Circle. He or she is vested with the leadership of the Circle
as well as the responsibility of communication with the out-
side world, with other free haunts as well as with the Stygian

bureaucracy under the provisions stated in the Covenant of
the Millions.

The present leader of the Ghetto Circle is Solomon
Eisenfeld, a rabbi and member of the Judenrat during the camp's
existence. Eisenfeld does not keep a structured cabinet, but
does consult with a group of informal advisors, many of whom
have had the ear of Eisenfeld for so long that they comprise a
de facto cabinet all by themselves. Eisenfeld meets frequently
with this group of wraiths, who inform him of the wishes of
their "constituents." He also holds regular meetings with the
entire Circle, convening these gatherings in the central court-
yard of the camp. Here, decisions that affect the whole com-
munity are discussed and put to vote, and news from the other
free camps or Stygia is disseminated as well. Once a month,
Solomon Eisenfeld journeys outside the walls to receive a lone
delegate from Stygia, whose job it is to maintain the relation-
ship between Theresienstadt and Stygia as outlined in the
Covenant. The two remain outside the fortress while they do
their business, the representative leaves as quietly as he came,
and Eisenfeld returns to the camp. It is an occasion that leaves
many members of the Circle with a feeling of uneasiness —
Eisenfeld included.

Different groups exist within the Circle, delineated ac-
cording to their duties and wishes. The most sizable group of
wraiths is concerned with the Circle's program of Redemp-
tion — tracking down those wraiths whose death within the
camp was so violent that they crossed the Shroud as
Mortwrights. The wraiths involved with Redemptions con-
stantly seek the key to tapping into the Psyche of the
Mortwight and initiating the process of a Redemption, in or-
der to cut the chain which binds the Mortwight to Oblivion
and return him to something more like his former self. The
Redemption programs are overseen by Richard Holvenbach,
a camp doctor in the wartime ghetto. Holvenbach has en-
listed a great deal of help in his efforts, much of which comes
from his former patients.

Other groups, although nowhere near as large, also help
comprise the Circle. The artists and musicians make up their
own sect, as do many of the laborers. There is also a small
group of wraiths, no more than a dozen in number, who do
not consider themselves to be part of the Circle group but
who are still members of the camp's society. They are the del-
egates from the Red Cross visit, who have in Theresienstadt a
strong Fetter and a source of guilt for their roles as fools dur-
ing the war. Many of them have come to the Circle asking for
forgiveness from the wraiths there, or time to walk the streets
and come to terms with their guilt. Eisenfeld has welcomed
them inside, but many in the Ghetto Circle have not; despite

Eisenfeld's assurances of support, some of the delegates are as
much pariahs than penitents.

"ater"

Her real name, some think, was Rachel, but no one in
Theresienstadt knew the young Jewish artist as anything but
"Butterfly." She was born in Berlin in the spring of 1915, the
inevitable product of a young army lieutenant's farewell to his
secret sweetheart before he was sent to the blood-red Belgian'
poppy fields. Her father's family, born from proud Prussian stock,
soon found out about their son's extracurriculars with Butterfly's
mother, and were duly scandalized, more because of her mother's
lower-class station than her Jewish background. The pressure of
the family was too much for Butterfly's mother, who succumbed
to their wishes and surrendered her ‘born to the local or
phanage, the only home Butterfly would ever know. By the time
Butterfly was a teenager, the Depression had hit Europe, and the
orphanage was soon forced to close its doors. At the age of 16,
Butterfly found herself turned out onto the street.

Wandering the alleys of Berlin, desperate to find someplace
safe, Butterfly soon joined a commune of street artists — young
people like herself — who drew and sketched and played music
in the city's plazas for a few precious pfennigs to make it to the
next day. Butterfly could draw, and she quickly became one of
the more successful sidewalk arti etching pleasant scenes in
bright chalks on the pavements of Berlin even as the daily duress
of the city unfolded around her. She drew these scenes as well,
alone at night: dank sketches of haggard bread lines, wild-eyed
students, and the thuggery of the new National Socialist Party's
"Brown Shirts." A tense, gloomy atmosphere was echoed in her
haunting, fearful night drawings.

Asthe country fell further under the spell of the Nazis, people
like those in Butterfly's commune quickly became endangered.
They went further and further underground, as escalating ten-
sions and Gestapo brutality made street life for such "non-Ary
ans" a terrifying prospect. The war came, and the purges increased,
and soon Butterfly was picked up and crowded into a dank, dirty
boxcar. She was sent to Theresienstadt in the fall of 1942. From
her moment of arrival, this young Jewish woman was not fooled
by the trumped-up propaganda of the "model ghetto" —she knew
well that this was where she very well might die. Butterfly inter-
acted little with the other women in her barracks, and less so
with the men. She preferred to spend time with the children in
the ghetto, when they were allowed time in the women's bar-
racks to visit their mothers. She would often tell them stories, or
sing to them, or draw pictures of the surrounding countryside for
them, filling her sketches with brightly colored butterflies. Hence
her nickname, given to her by the children.

far and Loathing

Conflict exists within any Circle of wraiths, be they

Heretic, Renegade or conformist, and the Ghetto Cirele is

no exception. Internal disagreement and dissension is

present within the bleeding walls of this ghetto; the
\

nature of the camp magnifies the tension. Theresienstalt
Way a prison, pure and simple. Despite any Nazi-created
urtifices in life or appearance of conformity in death, the

because of their loss: the loss of freedom, identit

sanity
hope and ultimately life that they all suffered within these
walls. The quest for harmony and peace among the wraiths
enstadt is a constant, nerve-wracking clash of
Id hate new uncertainties about their individual

ind collective plights.

aiths within the Ghetto Circle har

up of wraiths who were part of the Red
ation and are Fettered to the camp are often

f hack-alley sc

ners see these souls as n

irgets n and insult from many former

tter than the Na:
ind discrimination, provoked
»wed through by many, occur frequently

st block of wraiths within the camp, the "pa

tients" led by Richard Holvenbach who ¢ nin the

Redemption program, are often a powerful force within

the ghettos community. More often than not their sheer
them (and by definition Holvenbach) t

licy for the Circle. Many wraiths in the mi

rity resent this tyranny of the majority, particularly when

1 German doctor as its point man

try wraiths in Theresienstadt. Despite
Holvenhach's unending quest for the key to reconstitut

ral form, he has not yet met with

Whispers in the camp about the deta
ospital. Whether or not the visitors Holvenbac
sare indeed Artificers is anybody's gues
cted purpose frightens many other wr

ions. Holvenbach has categorically denied any such thin,

t wraiths in Theresienstadt still tear for their own s«
id of ending up on the doctor's table — and later on as

change in his pocket


Butterfly was one of the many artists who was co-opted
to work in the Zeichenstube, the drafting room set up by the
Nazis where prisoners reproduced idyllic works of art or scenes
from the fictional "life" of the ghetto. She still did her secret
drawings, darker and truer than ever, hiding them from the
SS guards. This secret life lasted until the beginning of 1944,
when the preparations for the "embellishment" were under-
way. During a random search of the barracks, soldiers uncov-
ered Butterfly's real drawings. She was immediately arrested
and taken to the Small Fortress, where her jailer looked at
the young woman and offered leniency in exchange for sexual
favors. She refused, whereupon the brute decided simply to
take what he wanted by force. She again refused his advances,
and he savagely beat her, cracking a few ribs and several bones
in her face, and finishing by stomping on her drawing hand
until it was crushed to a bloody mess. No longer attracted to
the broken thing lying at his feet, the guard pulled out his
Mauser and shot her in the head.

Butterfly has been roaming the roads of the
Theresienstadt Haunt practically since its inception; in fact,
no one in the Circle can ever remember her not being there.
She has a singular communion with the crumbling structure
of the Haunt, and is so attuned to the flood of raw emotions
in the area that she can literally feel the battle between the
wraiths in the Circle and the forces of Oblivion. Her draw-
ings cover the full spectrum of heightened emotions she ex-
periences. Sometimes she draws buccolic scenes of the

Skinlands countryside, other times she depicts Bosch-style

representations of the tortures of the camp or the internal

struggle between her and her Shadow. Butterfly can be seen

working endlessly at her sketches, but since she speaks only

to a very few, the meanings of her eternal scratchings are of-

ten lost. Many wonder if she has the strength to keep her

Shadow in check for any real length of time, or if this

Butterfly's wings will unleash a storm straight from the mouth

of the Void.

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Loner

Circle: The Ghetto Circle

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Artistic Expression 4, Awareness 4,

Empathy 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Meditation 5, Performance 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Area Knowledge 3, Astrology 2, Lore 3

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Eidolon 3, Haunts 1, Notoriety 2, Status |

Passions: Convince the Circle to believe what she can de-

tect from the power within the camp (Acceptance) 4, Hone

her art to the point where her images inspire emotions ben-

eficial to other wraiths (Hope) 4, Search for some of the chil-

dren whom she used to watch over in life (Devotion) 3

Arcanoi: Castigate 2, Fatalism 4, Keening 2, Lifeweb 2, Pan-

demonium 1

Fetters: The camp (especially the Small Fortress) 5, Sketch-

book 4

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 7

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shadow: The Abuser

Angst: 6

Thorns: Dark Allies, Freudian Slip, Shadow Call, Trick of

the Light

Shadow Passions: Convince Butterfly that no one cares about

her communion with the forces of the camp and make her feel

worthless enough to embrace Oblivion (Fear) 3, Annihilate

Aaron Dahlcek, a fellow wraith in whom Butterfly confides

(Hate) 4, Delude Butterfly into thinking that the Circle would

benefit from her sacrificing herself to Oblivion (Deception) 4
Image: Butterfly appears to be inher late 20s, with curly

black hair and dark brown eyes. She has a thin, fragile body,

and her destroyed right hand looks to have been Moliated

into a sort of drawing stick. This is the instrument she uses to

cover the houses and walls of Theresienstadt with her unmis-


takable work. She moves quickly and silently throughout the
citadel, dressed in flowing muted garments. A look of fero-
cious vision is always ensconced upon her young face; only
Dahlcek claims to have ever seen her smile.

Roleplaying Notes::You' are!consumed bythe forces rag-
ing within the walls of the fortress: The Haunt seéms to speak
fee ittanidsyoucry:co express its 'choughis however: inad>
quately, in your murals. You, tend to shun most contact with
four fellow wraiths, but-are‘occasionally able to confide ina
ee neuplesYour:most recent confidant is'a:carpenternamed
Aaron Dahlcek, one of the earliest to have been sent to
rifeeslenstadt This place hasgiven you aspectalinsight into,
the true conflict between hope and Oblivion being waged,
and {tis an insight riot widely comprehensible to your fellow
Circle wraiths, not even Dahlcek.

Solomon Fisenteld

The question of what happens when God's teachings and
man's reality collide was always on the mind of Solomon Eisenfeld.
Arabbiin a modest part of the Jewish section of Prague, Solomon
Eisenfeld's sermons were so original and thought-provoking they
attracted listeners from all parts of the capital to the steps of his
tiny
their questions, and tried to give the best counsel he could to any
who crossed his shul's threshold. As the decade of the 1930s drew
toaclose, more and more people, tense because of the encroach-
ing Nazi regime, came to see him, They came asking him to help
their spirits in the face of the storm many could sense coming;
they came asking for guidance. Moved by compassion and obli-
gation, he obliged as best as he could.

agogue. Eisenfeld received them all, listened intently to

While many were silent, Eisenfeld spoke out from his
pulpit against the N:
acquired a few silent supporters, but more vocal enemies —

is' treatment of Jews in Germany. He

Jew and non-Jew alike — who tried to keep this local
soapboxer from stirring up trouble. After the events of
Kristallnacht, Eisenfeld's own synagogue was broken into and
vandalized, his listeners were bullied away from attending to
hear him, and his own life was threatened. This only made
Eisenfeld more determined.

The dangerous dance went on for nearly two years after
the Germans rolled into Czechoslovakia, until the local Nazi
government finally had enough of Eisenfeld's presence. He
was arrested late in 1941 and deported almost immediately.
His destination was Theresienstadt.

Upon the opening of the newly created camp, Solomon
Eisenfeld was hand-picked for a seat on the Judenrat. He was placed
onthe Transport Committee, a position of no more discernible func-
tion than simply another vote on the council, until the beginning
of 1942. Only then was the true nature of the Transport Committee's

responsibilities spelled out: the selection of groups of Jewish in-
mates to be shipped to the east — and to death. For almost two
years, Solomon Eisenfeld sat on the Transport Committee, hearing
the tearful pleas of thousands upon thousands of prisoners. Many of
them had sought his counsel back in the little synagogue in Prague.
Now they were overcome with hysteria as they begged him not to
be put on the next train. He could do nothing but sit in chilled
silence as whole families ranted and raved and cried and collapsed
with exhaustion in search of just 24 more hours together.
Eisenfeld fought hard for every case that came before the com-
mittee, as vocally as he had opposed the Nazis all those years ago in
Prague, but the trains had to be filled. He knew as much, and loathed
himself for it. Every pair of eyes that locked upon him as he filtered
through the cramped streets were full of terror or contempt. No
one envied him. No one sympathized with him. In this fortress where
people slept six and seven to a bed, Solomon Eisenfeld was com-
pletely, utterly alone, sure he had been abandoned by both man
and God alike. In the summer of 1944, when the Nazis were plan-
ning the "show camp" for the visit by the Red Cross, a cruel twist of
fate befell Solomon Eisenfeld. Somehow, his name came up on one
of the lists for the train east. At dawn the next morning, the rabbi
boarded an already overcrowded train, shunned, drained, and bro-
ken by the Nazi war machine. He did not survive the afternoon.


Solomon Eisenfeld reached the dark fortress in the
Shadowlands a mere wisp, hardly corporeal enough to be any-
thing more than a bad memory. Over the years, he has man-
aged to find forgiveness from some of the wraiths who remem-
ber the kind rabbi from the little temple in Prague, and who
can perhaps find some compassion for the haggard man who
died internally every time he sent another eastward. These
few mercies have strengthened him over the years and re-
kindled the warmth that fired the soul of the young rabbi of
Prague. Finding the strength to reconstitute himself some-
how, Solomon Eisenfeld has been the leader of the Ghetto
Circle, and the voice of Theresienstadt, for many years now.

His position has not been an easy one. Many wraiths who
begged him for salvation in life, and were denied it, hardly trust
him in death. The importance of the Redemption program makes
Dr. Holvenbach an unignorable voice, and often the two men
do notsee eye to eye. Add to this the vocal opinions of his fellow
wraiths from the Judenrat, some of whom would rather they were
in charge instead of Eisenfeld, and the weight of the strain on
the rabbi begins to mount. Inevitably, these worries produce fis-
sures in the rabbis psychic armor, weaknesses which his Shadow
is always willing to exploit.

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Judge

Circle: The Ghetto Circle

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Awareness 3, Diplomacy 3, Empathy 4, Expression
3, Instruction 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Leadership 3, Meditation 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Law 1, Linguistics 2,
Politics 2, Theology 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Eidolon 2, Haunts 3, No-
toriety 2, Status 4

Passions: Protect the members of the Ghetto Circle (Duty)
4, Obtain forgiveness from those wraiths who he could not
save in life (Hope) 4

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Castigate 3, Fatalism 1

Fetters: The camp 5, The street in Prague where Eisenfeld's
synagogue stood 4

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 6

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shadow: The Paranoid

Angst: 5

Thorns: Bad Luck, Death's Sigil, Tainted Relic (the trans-
port list with Eisenfeld's name on it)

Shadow Passions: Rule the camp with as brutal a hand as the
SS overseers did (Hate) 4, Break the provisions set forth in
the Covenant with Stygia (Deceit) 3, Convince Eisenfeld that
he is a horrible leader and depress him enough to succumb to
Oblivion (Fear) 3

Image: Eisenfeld is a thin, middle-aged, slightly balding
man who looks like everyone's favorite uncle. He has dark
hair and wears a gray three-piece suit with a watch chain in
the breast pocket. The image of the harmless rabbi is com-
pleted by the round glasses which he wears, even in death.
Despite his pleasant appearance, Eisenfeld's guilt over his ac-
tions in life has manifested itself as a musty, cloying odor about
his person, which becomes stronger whenever his Shadow
appears to gain a bit of ground.

Roleplaying Notes: You are extremely protective of your
position as the leader of the Haunt, not only because of the
responsibility involved, but because you feel that this is the
only way you can come to terms with the crimes you feel you
committed in life. It is the only way you think you can purge
yourself of the remorse that constantly gnaws at you. Although
you are very watchful over both the camp and each wraith in
it, this can become obsessive at times, as dedication can eas-
ily be mistaken for (or lead to) charges of being stubborn and
singleminded, both by Stygia and your fellow Circle wraiths.

Dr. Richard Holvenbach

Ever since he was a little boy, Richard Holvenbach loved his
country. He was German bom and bred, the youngest son of a
respected civil servant who served during the Second Empire un-
der the auspices of the great Chancellor Bismarck. When Richard's
father retired, he moved the family and five-year-old Richard to
their southern home, in the Sudeten mountains of Czechoslova-
kia. Then the war came, and Richard lost an older brother at
Verdun. Soon the war was lost, and Richard and his family found
themselves, along with many fellow Germans, cut off from their
fatherland, on the wrong side of the Versailles Treaty's line. Yet
Richard never lost hope that his family, and those Germans who
lived around him would one day become part of Germany again.

When Hitler rose to power, and spoke of rejoining all
Germans under one banner, Richard, now a doctor, listened
and cheered. He had heard some rumors of domestic unrest
in Germany, something about some Jews. being harassed, but
thought nothing of it. When Hitler was given control of
Czechoslovakia, Richard Holvenbach was on the streets of
Prague to welcome his tanks. When war came, Richard
Holvenbach enlisted, becoming a camp doctor.


Richard Holvenbach's entire world was shattered in the
summer of 1942, when he was transferred to fill a need for
camp doctor at Theresienstadt. His new assignment was the
care and treatment of over one hundred SS guards and close
to 30,000 imprisoned Jews. The conditions in the camp filled
him with revulsion: human beings suffering malnourishment,
overcrowding, and being forced to sleep in their own waste,
while the comfortable, brutish SS men beat, shot and deported
hundreds of people at a time without the slightest twinge of
regret. Holvenbach was charged with keeping the inmates just
barely healthy enough to break their backs at slave labor or
tobe ushered onto the transport trains, and the guards in tip-
top, Aryan condition to continue their ritual abuse. It shamed
him to learn what his country had become, to see what his
fellow human beings were doing to one another.

Along with a few dedicated nurses, Dr. Holvenbach
worked feverishly to stem the rising tides of disease and death
that were swamping Theresienstadt. Disease knew no theory
of master races, as both jailer and jailed succumbed to epi-
demics of cholera and TB that periodically ravaged the popu-
lation. When Holvenbach was admonished by the SS for not
giving primary attention to the guards, he began to hoard sup-
plies of penicillin and other medicines for his Jewish patients.
This dangerous practice increased the strain on the doctor,
even as he tried to bring word to the outside world of the
conditions in the camp. When an International Red Cross
delegation arrived on a fact-finding visit in 1944, Holvenbach

took one of the delegates aside and told him of the crimes
being committed. Alas, his pleas fell on deaf ears.

Realizing that no help would come from the outside, Dr.
Richard Holvenbach redoubled his own efforts against the
foulness of the ghetto. The struggle lasted until the end of
1944, when he himself finally succumbed to the cholera
against which he had so fiercely battled.

Holvenbach's wraith came to Theresienstadt determined to
try and save those persons in death whom he could not save in
life. Accepted by the primarily Jewish residents of the camp in
recognition of his good works when alive, the doctor is a power-
ful voice in the Ghetto Circle, speaking for those who perished
from the conditions inside the barracks (whom he calls his "pa-
tients"). Holvenbach is also a central figure in the camp's Re-
demption program, toiling diligently in death to return those
pathetic souls who have become Spectres back to their true selves.
Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Driven
Circle: The Ghetto Circle
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 3, Expression 2, Interroga-
tion 2, Intimidation 3
Skills: Etiquette 2, Hypnotism 2, Leadership 2
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 2, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Medi-
cine 5, Poisons 3, Psychology 2, Science 4
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Eidolon 2, Memoriam 1, Notoriety 2,
Status 4
Passions: Help Mortwrights achieve Redemption (Love) 4,
Represent his constituency of "patients" (Duty) 3
Arcanoi: Castigate 4, Flux 2, Mnemosynis 2, Phantasm 1, Pup-
petry 1
Fetters: The camp hospital 5
Willpower: 9
Pathos: 8
Permanent Corpus: 8
Shadow: The Workaholic
Angst: 7
Thorns: Doppelganger, Freudian Slip, Tainted Touch
Shadow Passions: Sabotage the Redemption program and use
it to create more Spectres (Hate) 4, Foment dissension within
the Ghetto Circle about Eisenfeld's integrity and leadership
abilities (Lust for Power) 3

Image: Dr. Richard Holvenbach is frozen forever in his for-
ties, a great bear of a man with closely trimmed salt-and-pepper
hair and a neat mustache. Even in death, he looks overworked.

His bright blue eyes remain fixed in a mask of determination
that barely hides a feeling of desperation with is situation. De-
spite his size, Holvenbach is a precise man, gentle with his "pa-
tients" and others. This has made him an invaluable asset in the
Redemption programs undertaken by the Circle.

Roleplaying Notes: Apart from Eisenfeld, you are prob-
ably the most powerful wraith in the Circle, and this fact is
not lost upon you or your group of "patients." Because you
control the most powerful voting block in the camp, you can
sometimes be suspicious of Eisenfeld's motives, as his exclu-
sive contact with Stygia makes you wonder exactly what he is
up to. Although you are mostly a gentle person, and dedi-
cated to your work within the Circle, the Redemption pro-
gram can seem futile at times. It is at these times that your
Shadow's whispers of doubt creep in.

jean-Claude Leclereq

Diplomats are practiced in the delicate art of compro-
mise, and Jean-Claude LeClercq was no exception. A former
banker with Zurich Internationale, LeClercq was appointed
to a diplomatic post with the Swiss government in 1937. His
first major assignment was as part of the delegation to the
Evian Conference in 1938, where the delegates in attendance
debated and eventually refused to make special allowances
for Jews fleeing the Nazi regime. Like most present, LeClercq
had heard rumors of abuse by the Nazi government, but re-
mained noncommittal when it came to action.

Ina few years, LeClercq found himself in Geneva, a city
where the intelligence channels of both Axis and Allied coun-
tries frequently came together. It was a city where informa-
tion was freely available to anyone who cared to listen. Now
on the executive board of the International Red Cross, Jean-
Claude LeClercq was privy to more and more rumors about
the treatment of the Jews in Nazi-held lands. Stories of slave
labor camps and forced marches traveled along diplomatic
channels, along with unthinkable rumors of camps in the east
where Jews and others were being slaughtered wholesale.

What LeClereq heard was literally incredible. That a civi-
lized nation in the 20th century could be guilty of such atro-
cious activity was too much to comprehend. LeClercq could
not believe it, did not want to believe it — he decided it must
have been some vicious strain of propaganda gone totally out
of control. When the executive board of the IRC decided to
send a delegation to a few of the concentration camps in or-
der to observe the treatment of prisoners, LeClercq volun-
teered to go on one of the expeditions, more to quell his own
fears than anything else. He was chosen for one of the delega-
tions. Its destination was Theresienstadt.

LeClercq arrived at the ghetto camp with the rest of the del-
egation in late June 1944, unable to guess at what he might see
there. Nothing he had imagined, however, had prepared him for
this. The dwellings and streets were clean and well-kept. The mes
halls boasted a wait staff and good linen. Small children played
soccer in the little square while their adult counterparts enjoyed
outdoor concerts and plays in the shadow of the garrison's steeple.
No guards or soldiers were in sight. Ther was no filth, no over-
crowding, nothing like the reports of places like Warsaw or Lodz
in Poland or Dachau in Germany. It seemed too good to be true.

When LeClercq visited the infirmary, the attending phy-
sician hastily took him aside and told him that he was exactly
right — the entire setup was a scam. The delegation was be-
ing played the fool by the SS. Theresienstadt was a stopover
on the way to Auschwitz, the major killing center. The truth
had to be told, the doctor had said, and LeClercq had to doit.

But he did not. Jean-Claude LeClercq returned with the
IRC delegation to Switzerland after the visit and could not bring
himself to confront what the camp doctor had said. It was too
evil, too unbearable to contemplate. He told himself that the
doctor was crazy, or deluded, or a spy, or any number of rational-


izations that came to mind on a given day — anything to avoid
opening his eyes and looking at the violent picture before him.
When the war ended and its legacy came to the fore, LeClercq's
self-delusion gave way to self-hatred. Furious at his cowardice
before the war and driven to madness by his remorse, he drank
himself to death in the winter of 1947.

Jean-Claude LeClercq came to the blackened husk of
Theresienstadt a virulently hated man, nearly refused entrance
and initially forced into isolation. Dr. Holvenbach has not for-
given LeClercq for his cravenness in life, and has influenced the
opinions of many of his "patients" against the IRC delegate. The
former banker has dwelt in the shadows of this reminder of his
own mortal failings, but with one solitary goal keeping him from
Oblivion: to obtain the courage he lacked in life by achieving
forgiveness from those whose plight he ignored.

Over time, LeClercq has found some degree of tolerance,
if not acceptance, from the wraiths in Theresienstadt.
Solomon Eisenfeld has been instrumental in allowing
LeClercq to remain within the camp (and some whisper that
the two collaborators belong together). The rest of the camp,
however, is divided over the issue of the Red Cross wraiths
who kept quiet about this hell among the living. Though
Eisenfeld may make efforts to accept (and even forgive)
wraiths such as Jean-Claude LeClercq, old emotions still
bubble to the surface time and again, especially over matters
like the insult of the Red Cross visit.

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Circle: The Ghetto Circle

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Awareness 2, Diplomacy 4, Empathy 1, Expression
2, Intrigue 3, Style 2

Skills: Etiquette 3, Leadership 1, Misdirection 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 3,
Politics 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Eidolon 1, Status 1

Passions: Gain acceptance from the Circle, especially from
Holvenbach (Desire for Respect) 4, Find the SS men who
fooled him and his colleagues and get even (Revenge) 4, Look
out for his fellow IRC wraiths and help them to deal with
their personal demons (Fraternal Devotion) 3

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Fatalism 2, Intimation 1, Usury 3

Fetters: The camp 5, Red Cross offices at Geneva 3
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Permanent Corpus: 7
Shadow: The Rationalist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Infamy

Shadow Passions: Find and then lead the ghosts of SS to the
camp (Treachery) 3, Discredit Holvenbach as payback for his
distrust of you (Revenge) 3, Lead Spectres from the Nihil into
the camp (Hate) 3

Image: Jean-Claude LeClercq is short, about five-seven,
with sallow features and hollow eyes. He looks as if all the
trust has drained out of him. He is jaded and cynical from his
experiences in life, and neither the Shadowlands nor the hos-
tility of certain wraiths has done much to ameliorate that.
LeClercq spends a great deal of time aimlessly roaming the
ramparts of the camp, often staring for long periods into the
sulfurous clouds bubbling up from the Nihil that marks the
Small Fortress outside the walls.

LeClercq is enigmatic to the point of evasiveness. This
makes it hard enough for others to simply talk to him about
mundane matters, let alone poke through his barriers of self-
loathing with genuine offers of help.

Roleplaying Notes: Consumed with guilt, you are usu-
ally given to moodiness. This can be off-putting to those who
genuinely want to help you. Occasionally you emerge from
your shell with offers of assistance, attempting to achieve some
sort of personal and worthwhile redemption, but these mo-
ments are infrequent — the contempt you receive from people
like Dr. Holvenbach is a physical force beating at you, and
the position he holds within the camp can at times make the
Nihil seem a better (and more appropriate) option for you.

Aaron Dahleek

Aaron Dahlcek was one of the very first to be sent to
Theresienstadt, part of the group of over 300 laborers who came
to erect the facilities of the ghetto camp. Dahlcek had been a
carpenter in Prague, a large, strong young man with a particular
genius for working with his hands, and he had fallen under the
hypnotic spell of the "model ghetto" propaganda. He volunteered
to go and prepare the camp in the late fall of 1941. For a week
after arrival he and his fellow laborers were busy gutting and re-
building the old barrack houses, the garrison hospital, the mess
halls and shower buildings. After a week, the first transport of
women, children and the aged arrived to take up residence in
these rebuilt structures, their new housings. The arrival of more
SS guards and Czech police soon after confirmed for Aaron the
truth of the other, darker rumors he had heard fluttering around
the streets of Prague: Theresienstadt was a Jewish prison. And
like any prison, it had no way out.


Dahlcek was a worker, and work he did, performing back-
breaking labor under the gaze of SS gun barrels around the camp,
in the forests nearby, and often far away from Theresienstadt. One
morning before sunup, Dahlcek was rousted out of bed by the camp
commandant himself and crammed into the back of a truck, where
he and 30 other prisoners were driven for what seemed like an
eternity to the still-smoldering ruins ofa little village named Lidice.
They were herded out of the truck to a scene of burned-out build-
ings, torn-up streets, and crushed and broken human bodies. For
the next 36 hours, without food or rest, Dahlcek and the others
buried the families of the little community in mass graves. The
workers broke and burned down anything left standing and effec-
tively erased the hamlet from the earth. The men were then herded
back into the trucks and driven back to the camp, under orders
not to speak of this to anyone under pain of death.

Though he kept silent, Aaron Dahlcek could not erase the
memory of what he had been forced to do. In the spring of 1944,
Dahlcek was part of what was left of the disease-scarred labor
force that was ordered to prepare Theresienstadt for a visit by a
committee from the Red Cross. Aaron Dahlcek constructed out-
door gazebos, planted flowers in public squares, and in short re-
built Theresienstadt again. He had the faintest ember of hope

that conditions might improve after the Red Cross came, but
when the delegation of outsiders left, Aaron Dahlcek was set to
undoing all that he had done. He had worked to build nothing
buta sideshow for the SS to fool the outsiders. Thoughts of Lidice
came back to haunt him, and he realized that he had to get out.
Two weeks after the delegation left, while working with another
detail in the forests outside the camp, Aaron Dahlcek attempted
his escape. He tore through the thick woods barely ahead of his
SS pursuers and their Dobermans, and was finally run down by
the soldiers. Taken back to the camp, he was executed by firing
squad outside the Usti barracks at dawn the next day.

Aaron Dahlcek has never felt totally comfortable with the
ghostly community existing in Theresienstadt. Every crumbling
structure in the camp mocks his work in life, stabs at his guilt,
and reminds him that it was his own hands that helped to create
this place. He has found sympathy and support from an unlikely
source, the young woman called Butterfly, and has developed
(very private) feelings of affection toward her. However, her sym-
biosis with the emotional pool of the camp is lost on him.
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Traditionalist
Circle: The Ghetto Circle
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Scrounge 3
Skills: Crafts 5, Drive 2, Empathy 1, Melee 1, Repair 3
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 2, Occult 1, Science 1
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 1, Eidolon 2, Haunts 2, Men-
tor 1, Notoriety 1
Passions: Protect Butterfly (Love) 4, Assist Holvenbach in
the Redemption program (Hope) 3
Arcanoi: Flux 4, Inhabit 2, Moliate 2
Fetters: The camp 5, Tool kit 3, Lidice 3
Willpower: 8
Pathos: 8
Permanent Corpus: 7
Shadow: The Perfectionist
Angst: 6
Thorns: Shadow Call, Pact of Doom, Tainted Touch
Shadow Passions: Abandon Butterfly (Hate) 4, Convince
Dahlcek that his labors made everything here his fault, and
goad him into accepting Oblivion (Fear) 3

Image: Dahlcek looks 30, a simple man with black hair and
eyes and a strong face sitting atop a burly frame. Like Dr.
Holvenbach, Aaron is measured and patient in his movements de-

spite his strong frame, befitting one who was a carpenter. Despite
his awkwardness with the Circle, he always gives his full attention
and concentration to the words of his fellow wraiths. Furthermore,
hedelivers on his promises — he knows no other way of behaving.
Roleplaying Notes: You are wary of people such as Eisenfeld
and Holvenbach, who can appear more concemed with sniping at
each other than working toward the betterment of the camp. You
have always been an honorable man, and the fact that you were,
however unwillingly, part of such deceptions as the eradication of
Lidice and the erection of the "show camp" scars you. The fact that
much of what you built in life has crossed over in death precludes any
arrogance on your part, even if you were the sort given to such postur-
ing. tis probably what caught the attention of Butterfly, and why the
two of you have become friends. Stay focused within yourself and
your own code of behavior, for the fear of losing Butterfly because of
deviousness or politicizing is too painful for you to contemplate.

Sory ideas

© Dr. Holvenbach's "patients" have captured a Mortwight and
ask the characters to assist them in enacting a Redemption upon
the bound Spectre. In the middle of the process, however, some-
thing goes wrong and the creature is destroyed. The characters'
suspicions are aroused, even more so when Holvenbach accuses
them of sabotage. The characters must clear their own names as

they work to uncover the truth of why the experiment failed. Mat- §
ters are further complicated by the arrival of the wraiths of the
Mortwight's family. How will they react to the news of what their
loved one had become — and the fact that he has been destroyed?

© A troubled Eisenfeld approaches the characters secretly and
makes them aware of his suspicions that there exists a mole within
the Ghetto Circle, someone who is in contact with a clandestine
group of wraiths who are former SS men. The characters must
attempt to discover the identity of the double agent before he or
she can damage the integrity of the citadel. however, Eisenfeld
himself is in no position to support the Circle, as the suspicion
about his dealings with the Stygian liason have come under fire.

Butterfly and Dahlcek have grown very worried about
LeClercq, who seems even moodier than usual after another con-
frontation with Dr. Holvenbach. Looking to talk with him, they
discover that he has left Theresienstadt and taken a few of his
former Red Cross fellows with him. They ask the characters to
accompany them outside the walls to locate LeClercq and his party
before they do something foolish or self-destructive and convince
them to return to the Circle. If they do manage to persuade them,
there is also the matter of dealing with the very vocal Holvenbach,
who wants LeClereq gone by any means necessary. Can the char-
acters tread the line between compassion and justice, or must they
choose one or the other? And what will LeClercq's Shadow, poi-
soned by self-hatred, have to say on the matter?

Plan of the Theresienstadt Ghetto within the Inner Ramparts.

>

Magdeburg Barracks; the

seat of Jewish
‘Administration
Hanover Barracks
Vechlabt Barracks; the
Central Hospital
Dresden Barracks
Podmokly Barracks; later
German billets
Usti Barracks; checking
station, and German stores
inthe later petiod
‘SS Headquarters in the
carly period; later Post
Office
‘SS Headquarters and
prison ‘in the later period
(Children's pavillion during
theémbellishment
Roads leading to the Sriall
Fortress
Building yord
Church ofthe Resurrection

mo ob

Q

= ©

arA

Workshops

er of the

he Theresienstadt Ghetto



here is a picture with which the reader is,
perhaps, familiar: a small boy, hands up and
eyes wild with terror, staring wildly ahead
as Nazi soldiers train their rifles on him.
This picture, like many of World War
II's less savory photographs, depicts the
denizens of, and daily life in, that Nazi-

Behind the Wall
he Ghetto at Wars

by Robert Hatch

Die! For my mother, for my father, for my children, for our
life! I am aiming at you! Oh God, please let the shot hit its target!
— diary of Noemi Szac-Wainkranc, a Ghetto fighter

created inferno known as the Warsaw Ghetto. And while the
boy in the photo survived the Nazi juggernaut, all too many
of his schoolmates, friends, teachers and relatives did not.
Some of those less fortunate residents still haunt the area into
which the Nazis crammed them like rats. For the Restless denizens
of the Warsaw Ghetto, the motto "Never again" is a slogan that
they will hurl defiantly — even into the maw of Oblivion itself.

ee
ZR WWE

Flittleys
7 )

(0)

You are going into battle against the dregs of humanity... the
Jew-Bolshevists... You must be relentless in exterminating this
SCUM....

— General Jiirgen Stroop, to his troops, during the War-
saw Ghetto Revolt

tory

n September 1, 1939, the Nazi Fall Weiss
blitzkrieg cut a swath of carnage through
the Polish countryside. The gallant Pol-
ish troops — with their horses and their
sabers — found themselves hopelessly
overmatched against the Panzers of the
Wehrmacht and the Stukas of the
Luftwaffe. By September 17, Soviet troops rolled in from the
east, and Poland was as good as conquered.

Poland's capital city, Warsaw, was not so easily bested.
The city held out until September 27. The citizens' defense
was urged on by Warsaw's courageous mayor, Stefan Starzynski,
who broadcast anti-Nazi speeches from a mobile transmitter
—at least until he was captured and hurled into a concentra-
tion camp. There Starzynski was brutally tortured and finally
shot in 1943.

And so Warsaw, cultural center for three million Jews
and home to over one-tenth that number, found itself firmly
in the grip of the Nazi fist. Gestapo swaggered down the an-
cient cobblestone lanes, citizens were forced to register for
bread cards, and everywhere sprouted the signs saying VER-
BOTEN — "forbidden."

Warsaw's 300,000 — soon to be 500,000 — Jews shortly
discovered that as far as they were concerned, very little was
not verboten. In December 1939, the Nazis required all Jews
over the age of 12 to wear armbands — but not "too high" or
"too low," lest the wearer receive a beating. As the invading
regime tightened its hold, the list of things that were made
verboten lengthened exponentially. Education was verboten to
Jews (illegal home schools were still operated by courageous
educators, who were often shot for their pains). One profes-
sion after another became verboten: publishing, law, medicine.
Business ownership was verboten — Jews were forced to sell
their assets to Nazi profiteers at bargain rates or simply stripped
of them outright. Ritual slaughter of livestock became ver-
boten, rendering kosher meat virtually impossible to obtain.

Even the basic necessities of life eventually became ver-
boten. In Nazi-occupied Poland, not all bread cards were hon-
ored equally: While Aryan Poles received a ration of 2,500
calories per day (no banquet, but adequate for existence),
Warsaw's Jews were forced to make do with 184. (By way of
illustrating just how scanty this ration is, the author is eating
a Snickers bar and drinking a Mountain Dew while writing
this passage, and he cannot help but notice that this snack's
calorie content is approximately double that of a Warsaw Jew's
daily ration during the occupation.)

Obviously, this meager fare had to be supplemented to
avoid starvation. And indeed, a booming black market sprang
up in Warsaw's underground. Wealthy Jews and those in ser-
vice to the Gestapo could often obtain comfortable rations
and goods. Their poorer counterparts were forced to squabble
for bread in the streets, eat the bark from trees or, all too of
ten, starve to death. The sight of emaciated bodies lying in
the gutter, often stripped naked by people desperately seek-
ing clothes for barter or warmth, became a common one in
Warsaw's Jewish areas.

With all of these things verboten, it was inevitable that
some Jews would deliberately or inadvertently violate the
Nazis' rules. The Nazis responded to these transgressions with
punishments inconceivable from a people deeming themselves
civilized. Jews were beaten or forced to perform such humili-
ating spectacles as cleaning the streets with their tongues —
and these "transgressors" were the lucky ones. Others were
taken to Warsaw's Pawiak Prison and mowed down by firing
squad, or simply shot like dogs in the streets.

Worse yet was the policy of collective responsibility.
When Jakub Pinchus Zylbring, a petty thief, shot a Polish
policemen, all of the residents of his flat were shot in retalia-
tion.

But the Nazis had better things to do than oversee the
conduct of this subhuman Jewish scum, and so they appointed
a council of Jews to govern their brethren. This council, the
Judenrat, was a group of 24 men chosen largely for their pas-
sivity and servility to the Gestapo; its Obmann (elder), Adam
Czerniakow, was a former engineer with absolutely no stand-
ing in the Jewish community prior to his appointment.

Ostensibly created to govern Warsaw's Jews, the Judenrat
proved to be a mere tool to facilitate their brutalization. Us-
ing the Judenrat as the thinnest of blinds, the Gestapo and $$
were able to register the city's Jews in preparation for their
eventual deportation to the ghetto — and from there to the
death camps. The Judenrat also enrolled people for periods of
forced labor, although even in this regard it was hopelessly
compromised by wealthy Jews, who bribed their way out of
their shifts at the expense of their poorer brethren.


——
The Wall Rises
During the year 1940, Warsaw's citizens, Aryan and Jew
alike, apprehensively watched the construction of a great red
brick wall that enclosed an entire neighborhood. This wall crept
forward implacably, shutting off a section of the city. The citi-
zens of Warsaw, particularly the Jews, could not help but notice
that the neighborhood thus surrounded was one of the poorest
and most squalid areas, and one into which many Jews had al-
teady been forced; the Nazis tried to quell the rumors of a ghetto
by saying that they planned to use the neighborhood and its
barbed-wire-covered wall for training urban commandos.

This lie was not one of the Nazis' better ones. Few were
surprised when on October 3rd of that year — Rosh Hashanah
— the Nazis finally made the long-anticipated announcement:
All Jews must be in the ghetto by October 31 or face deporta-
tion.

And so October of 1940 hosted a bizarre flurry of activ-
ity, as the city's half-million Jews scrambled to move them-
selves and their possessions into a 100-block, 27,000-apart-
ment neighborhood. Oftentimes forced to leave their posses-
sions behind, the panicked, destitute Jews were forced to bur-
tow into cramped dens, shared with several other families.
Other families were forced by necessity to separate so that
every family member might have a roof over her head.

The worst incident, perhaps, was the clearing of the hos: f
pital. The Nazis insisted that the patients of Warsaw's Jewish
hospital, even the critically ill, be transported to the squalid
Ghetto hospital across town; however, they refused to pro-
vide ambulances for the move. Doctors were forced to watch
helplessly as patients suffered and died in transit. The worst
was yet to come, however: Once the ghetto hospital was
reached, so inadequate were the facilities it contained that
the living often had to share beds with the dead.

And so November dawned, and the long-dreaded Ghetto
had become reality. 500,000 people — 30% of the city's popu-
lation — had been crammed into approximately 2.5% of the
city's area.

qhe hidden Horror

Statistics of America's unfortunate pastime of automo-
tive shootings have revealed an interesting phenomenon: A
disproportionate number of drivers shot at are behind tinted
windows. From this data, many psychologists hypothesize that
being behind a screen, hidden from view, renders one less of a
person and more of a potential target.

The Jews of the Warsaw Ghetto would not likely argue
with this logic. For behind that red, wire-topped wall, shrouded
from the sight of their Aryan neighbors, the Jews of Warsaw
became the victims of atrocities heretofore undreamed of.

ehind the Wall

to at W


Squadrons of SS would dog-trot down the Ghetto streets, ran-
domly beating, looting and raping. Even worse, some SS would
drive cars barreling through the Ghetto's congested
throughfares, running over pedestrians for sport. If this was
not sufficiently entertaining, Nazis would point to random
passersby, betting each other that they could shoot the target
in the hand, the knee, the eye, or the brain.

Even worse than the SS, if possible, were the members of
the OH (Ondnungs-Huter), the Jewish police appointed to "pa-
trol" the Ghetto. Often apostates and anti-Semites who resented
being categorized and contained with the Jews they so despised,
the members of the OH added personal vindictiveness to their
masters' capricious cruelty. They were nicknamed "dachsunds"
by the Ghetto dwellers, an allusion to the Yiddish proverb, "The
dog is more vicious than the master."

The Ghetto itself was divided into three sections. The
Central Ghetto contained the Judenrat building, the SS head-
quarters, and the Transferstelle rail station (soon to be re-
named the Umschlagplatz, the dreaded "Reloading Place" from
which Jews were deported to the death camps). The Produc-

tive Ghetto cc
Toebbens and
shops which produced brushes for the Wehrmacht. On the
periphery of these "civilized" areas was the "Wild Ghetto,"
frightful no-man's-land of bombed-out tenement shell: -
out water, electricity or gas. The Wild Ghetto v
haven for criminals and, later, an
Travel into and out of the Ghetto
Possession of an Ausweis — a pass ind
worker in a Germa
those unfortun:

strictly controlled.
ing that the bearer

Ausweis were subject to all sorts of

immediate deportation to a death camp. Anyone caught try.
ing to sneak into or out of the Ghetto would be lucky t

cape with a fine or beating, and mo:

Despite this prohibition, Warsaw's already thriving black
market boomed. Faced with the prospect of starvation, many
Ghetto dwellers risked Nazi wrath to smuggle food and goods
into the ghetto. At one point, live n were smuggled into
the Ghetto through a combination of inclined ramps and

likely would be s


bribed guards. An ingenious system of pipes was created
whereby precious milk could be poured from the Aryan sec-
tion of the city, to flow downhill all the way to the Ghetto.

It was not enough. Life in the hellishly overcrowded
Ghetto became an exercise in the very Social Darwinism so
espoused by the Reich's scientists. While the Ghetto's wealthy
(and there were still a few, mostly collaborators with the Ge-
stapo) ate at restaurants, drank the night away at saloons and
even attended nightclub shows, their less fortunate brethren
literally starved to death outside. Furthermore, the combina-
tion of openly rotting corpses and lack of sanitation engen-
dered swarms of body lice, which in turn precipitated epi-
demic outbreaks of typhus.

‘Death to the Nazis!"

As Nazi terror tactics intensified and conditions wors-
ened, an undercurrent of anger simmered among Warsaw's
downtrodden. Frustrated by Nazi oppression, and even moreso
by the tacit complicity of the Judenrat and the overt brutality
of the OH, various militant groups formed among the under-
ground.

Inspired by the bravery of Byelorussia's Jews, who had
forced the Nazis to retreat — albeit temporarily — from their
soil, Jews attempted to cobble together a resistance move-
ment much as they had fashioned working windows from bro-
ken shards. Some Jews attempted to join up with their Aryan
brethren in the Armja Krajowa; unfortunately, the Polish un-
derground was as antisemitic as the Nazis they opposed, re-
fusing to aid the Jews and occasionally even betraying them
to their erstwhile opponents.

So the Jews were forced to look to themselves. Zionist
and Socialist underground newspapers sprang up, urging armed
resistance. Individual Jews orchestrated a few counterattacks
against SS oppressors and Jewish collaborators, even going so
faras to shoot the chief of the OH police. The Nazi response
was predictably brutal. Tipped off by spies planted in the
Ghetto, SS soldiers swept through the Ghetto, shooting scores
of Jews in random purges.

The militant feeling among Warsaw's Jews was exacer-
bated by the brutal winter of 1941. Forced to live in squalid
tenements, often with no heat, in subzero temperatures, even
the meekest of Jews were forced to commit illegal acts simply
tosurvive. Those who refused to do so joined the corpses al-
ready clogging the gutters. Nightly, the streets of Warsaw rang
with the plaintive cries of orphaned children, inadequately
clad and without food.

In late 1941 a potential savior came to the Ghetto. The
great chemist-soldier Pinya Kartin, a war hero and member of

smuggled himself into the Ghetto and began the task of train-
ing Warsaw's partisans. Under the alias "Andrew Schmidt,"
Kartin instructed young Jews in urban fighting, unarmed com-
bat and other techniques. Under "Schmidt's" eye, homemade
grenades and Molotovs were laid away for the day of revolt.

The glimmer of hope didn't last. On April 17, 1942, a par-
ticularly vicious Gestapo purge took place. Fifty-two Jews
cluding two- and three-year-olds — were shot in the streets. Simi-
lar outrages continued until Kartin was discovered and captured
on May 30, 1942. The hero was taken to Pawiak Prison and ex-
ecuted, as so many others had been before him.

But Kartin's bravery had inspired many of Warsaw's youth.
One in particular, a young man by the name of Mordechai
Anielewecz, would take up Kartin's mantle... .until the bitter end.

Operation Reinhard

You have no choice for survival but to fight! Once on the road
to Treblinka, you are doomed! Resist! ...Make the ghetto another
Stalingrad!

— anti-Nazi leaflet distributed in the Warsaw Ghetto

That end would not be long in coming. On January 20,
1942, at a mansion in the Berlin suburb of Wannsee, a con-
ference of the Nazi Party's highest officials met to discuss the
"Jewish question." The agreed-upon "Final Solution" was the
complete annihilation of the Jewish race. Reichsfiihrer
Himmler ordered the transformation of several concentration-
camp facilities into "death camps": areas specifically designed
for the large-scale murder of Jews.

Warsaw held the largest group of Jews remaining in Eu-
rope, and so it was only a matter of time before the Final
Solution made its way to the gates of the city. Operation
Reinhard was essentially, a death sentence against the re-
maining inhabitants of the Ghetto (400,000 — of the origi-
nal half-million, 20% had perished from starvation, disease
or random violence), and was put into effect on July 18, 1942.

Operation Reinhard — as the Nazis explained it to the
Judenrat — consisted of the "resettlement" of Jews. All Jews
except the Judenrat themselves, bearers of Ausweisen, and the
immediate families of such privileged individuals were to be
transported to "labor camps" to assist the Reich's war effort.
This relocation would consist of 60,000 persons — mostly
the ghetto's lower elements, the members of the Judenrat re-
assured themselves — and it could only help alleviate the
horrendous overcrowding...

And so, with the blessing of their puppet leaders, Warsaw's
Jews were herded to the Umschlagplatz station and placed on trains
going to Treblinka, to Sobibor, to Chelmno, and to Auschwitz.


Did Adam Czerniakow, the ineffectual Obmann of the
Judenrat, discover the true meaning of Operation Reinhard,
or had he simply tired of his contemptible position? No one
knows exactly what combination of factors led to his suicide
on July 23, or to the final note — "To the Last" — which the
discoverers of his body found beneath his corpse. He was
swiftly replaced with one Marek Lichtenbaum, a Nazi stooge,
and then Operation Reinhard proceeded in earnest.

The members of the resistance movements, more cyni-
cal than their supposed leaders, swiftly discovered exactly what
"resettlement" entailed. Under the leadership of young
Mordechai Anielewecz, the ZOB (Zydowska Organizacja
Bojowa — Jewish Fighting Organization) came into existence
on July 28, 1942. It swiftly began a propaganda campaign urg-
ing Jews to resist resettlement at all costs.

But the Nazis would not be denied. Operation Reinhard
continued throughout that long bleak year, eventually claim-
ing many more than the predetermined 60,000 sacrificial
lambs. Bands of askaris — Ukrainian, Lithuanian and Latvian
antisemite thugs — were sent into the ghetto and sicced on
the populace. The allegedly sacrosanct Ausweis holders had
their cards ripped up in front of their faces. Even the OH
police frantically rounded up Jew after Jew, spurred on by a
lethal quota: An OH member who did not bring in at least
seven Jews a day would take a place on the cattle cars instead.

And so the Umschlagplatz turned into a pen of horror, as
the Warsaw ghetto's masses were beaten, shoved and pushed
into their mobile coffins.

qhe january Days

Mein Gott! Die Juden haben Waffen! (My God! The Jews
have weapons!)

— screamed by the first Nazi soldier to die in the Ghetto
Revolt

Anielewecz was growing frustrated. Though his ZOB had
scored some victories against askaris and even against the SS
during the winter of ‘42-43, a combination of the Polish
underground's stubborn unwillingness to help and his people's
stubborn unwillingness to believe the death-camp stories kept
his group relatively impotent.

By now the Ghetto had undergone a dramatic change. Gone
were the teeming swarms of humanity; most had probably al-
ready gone "up the chimney" at Treblinka or Auschwitz. Of
Warsaw's original half-million Jews, a scant 60,000 remained.

The ZOB could waste no more time. The guerrilla at-
tacks began sporadically, tentatively, but relentlessly.
Anielewecz's lieutenant, Israel Kanal, shot the chief of the
OH on August 25, 1942, and this action was followed by a
rash of attacks against known Gestapo informers. On Sep-


tember 1, the ZOB used a Russian air raid as a screen to at-
tacka German convoy, stealing needed weapons and ammu-
nition. In between, the ZOB and its allied movements did
everything they could to obtain weapons, or money to buy
black-market weapons.

Assisting Anielewecz, though remaining independent, was
an undisciplined mob led by the crazed freedom fighter Moishe
the Bolshevik. This band laired in the burned-out Wild Ghetto
and mounted savage guerrilla attacks on Nazi invaders.

Anielewecz frantically trained his fighters throughout that
long fall and winter. When they were not training, the members
ofthe ZOB were turning the Ghetto into a deathtrap. An inge-
nious series of underground bunkers was constructed, and tene-
ment buildings were linked by hidden second-story walkways.
The Ghetto fighters smuggled themselves and their goods
throughout the city via the noxious medium of the city sewers
(the persistent rumor that Warsaw's Nosferatu vampires aided
the ZOB has been neither proved nor disproved). Fighting bun-
kers, mines, secret tunnels. ..by the beginning of 1943, the Ghetto
had been meticulously transformed into a lethal maze.

This was a good thing for the defenders. Near the beginning
of 43, Reichsfithrer Himmler ordered that the Warsaw Ghetto
be completely liquidated by February 15. On January 18, Nazi
soldiers invaded the ghetto to begin the last roundups...

«and instead met a hail of firebombs, bullets and gre-
nades. From all sides Warsaw's beleaguered Jews poured down
their vengeance upon their Nazi tormentors. With the aid of
ahomemade grenade, 17-year-old Emily Landau was the first
to take down a Nazi — and the first to die, ripped apart by
tifle fire. In no time, the Ghetto had become a battleground,
and, for the Nazis, a harrowing deathtrap.

Anielewecz personally directed the defense and fought like
ademon. Eyewitness accounts tell of him battling his way out of
aNazi encirclement, smashing through the Germans' ranks as
though he were an incarnate hero from the pages of the Ameri-
cans' comics. It was he who provided the rallying point behind
which every one of Warsaw's Jews hurled themselves.

On January 20, 1943, the Nazis retreated to the Aryan sec-
tion of the city. The Warsaw Ghetto had won the first round.

Hood on the Door

Let's give the Nazis a real Passover welcome.

— Mordechai Anielewecz

Himmler was not amused. Untermenschen swine dared to
defy the Reich thus?

Indeed, defy it the ZOB did, all of those last few glorious
months. Weapons, food and other essentials had been stock-
Malice aciege; or a taid: Groups of ZOB snipers turned the

nighttime Ghetto into a terrifying jungle for Nazi troops, and
ZOB soldiers sneaked into the Aryan section to beard the
Nazi tiger in its lair. In the Wild Ghetto, the ragtag "troops"
of Moishe the Bolshevik harried SS men who tried to patrol
those pitch-dark streets.

The SS, of course, would not suffer the "Yids" to defy
them so. On February 16 — one day after the last Jew was
supposed to have been on the train to Treblinka — Himmler
sent in more troops, under the direction of the iron-nerved
General Jiirgen Stroop. To his credit, Stroop was a fearless
warrior and a relentless opponent. Of course, it didn't hurt
that his courage and tenacity were supplemented by 3,000
troops armed with tanks, flamethrowers and machine-guns,
or that his opponents were a mob of 600 or so, armed with
pistols and homemade Molotovs.

On Passover, April 19, the reinforced Nazi army reinvaded
the Ghetto...and was met by an attack dwarfing the ferocity
of the January revolt. Molotovs doused the SS vanguard in
flames. ZOB gunmen sniped from hidden ambush points.
Grenades sprayed deadly shrapnel among the SS ranks.

And once again, the Nazis retreated. The flustered colo-
nel in charge of the operation ran flapping to General Stroop
to report his failure. "The Jews are everywhere!" he cried.
"They strike at us from all corners! The troops are terrified!"

Stroop laughed, lit a cigarette, and went to the Ghetto
to oversee the assault personally. Unflinching amid a hail of
ZOB bullets, Stroop rallied his troops...

..-and, in the end, that proved to be that. The glorious,
hopeless battle continued hour by hour, block by block, alley
by alley. Against the ZOB's homemade cocktails and pistols,
Stroop threw poison gas, flamethrowers, and even dive bomb-
ers. Slowly, methodically, Stroop directed his followers to burn
down the Ghetto, building by building. Those partisans who
were not flushed out by the flames — or leapt to their death
to escape them — were "smoked" out of their underground
bunkers through the use of poison gas.

On May 8, 1943, Mordechai Anielewecz died defending
the ZOB command bunker at Mila 18. He was 24 years old.

With Anielewecz's death, the heart went out of the ZOB.
Yet they fought on...and on...and on.... And on May 16,
1943, Stroop announced the liquidation of the Ghetto.

There was nothing left. Behind the red brick wall where
a half-million had lived and struggled and died for three years,
Nazi tanks rolled over a flat desert of rubble. In 27 days —
longer than it had taken to conquer the entire country of
Poland — the Ghetto had been razed to the ground. The great-
est battle of European Jewry was over.

Obviously there was no need for the Judenrat anymore;
as reward for their faithful service, the SS had the remaining


members of the Judenrat gunned down and their corpses tossed
into the sewers.

The survivors were rounded up, herded onto the trains
and sent to Auschwitz, Treblinka, and all the other abattoirs.
And the war went on — and in many ways the ruin of the
Ghetto served as a harbinger of what was to come to the Reich,
in a time not so distant. But the Warsaw Ghetto had ceased
to play a part in the lands of the living.

Geogaply — Skinlands

arsaw today is a would-be cosmopolis try-
ing as best it may to heal the wounds in-
flicted by over 50 years of occupation. The
populace, by and large, is more interested
in obtaining Levi's and Coca-Cola than
| in dredging up yet more of the city's past
pain. Then, too, decades of domination
by a state which, among other things, allowed the existence
of refuseniks has done little to increase awareness of and sym-
pathy for the Ghetto fighters' struggle.

Despite this, the Ghetto has not permitted itself to be
ignored. Though the Ghetto itself was razed to the ground, a
few monuments have arisen to mark its passing. The Judenrat
building has been restored, and a plaque describing its history
erected. This site is often flooded by swarms of Warsaw's poorer
dybbuks, who cluster around tourists or idealistic college stu-
dents, seeking a dribble of Pathos.

On Gesia Street, near the site of the Jewish Cemetery
where Adam Czerniakow was buried, sculptor Natan
Rappoport erected a monument to the Ghetto Revolt. It was
consecrated in 1970 with a speech from Yitzhak Zuckerman,
Anielewecz' friend and second-in-command. If nothing else,
Anielewecz was thankful for the chance to say good-bye.

At 18 Mila, formerly the site of the ZOB command bun-
ker, a memorial to the organization's struggles stands. It is
simple and austere, as is perhaps inevitable for something con-
structed under the Communists' watchful eyes — but it is
enough for Anielewecz, who likes to come here, light a phan-
tasmal cigarette, and brood wistfully amid the darkness.

But really, when all is said and done, the Nazis did a quite
thorough job in destroying the Ghetto and its residents. The
true monument to the Ghetto fighters' struggle lies all around,
yet invisible. If the living perhaps wish to forget the travails
of the Warsaw Ghetto, the Dead will not be so easily dis-
missed.

nlike the sprawling morass that is
Auschwitz, the Necropolis that is the
AN Warsaw Ghetto adheres roughly to the
Zu) boundaries that defined it in the
Skinlands. Relic tenements teeter above
narrow, filth-choked alleys and winding
labyrinths of streets, much as they did
between 1940 and 1943. This neat concordance was made
possible by General Jiirgen Stroop's block-by-block razing of
the Ghetto, which for all practical purposes blasted the en-
tire community headlong into the Shadowlands.

All the places of suffering and resistance stand, with only
the occasional hole to mark the effects of the Nazi shelling.
Here, at 26 Grzibovska Street, is the building where the
Judenrat took its orders. There, at 18 Mila, is the ZOB com-
mand bunker where Mordechai Anielewecz died fighting.
Pawiak Prison, the Umschlagplatz, the fighting bunkers...all
stand, eternal monuments to the sorrow of the Dead.

The Hibs ot Warsaw

arszawa's Ghetto Dead mingle little with
their Aryan counterparts on the other side.
The Poles were perfectly content to see
4] them behind their wall in life, and so there
fya| they will stay in death. A few Ghetto
| dybbuks, particularly the black marketers
of the Wild Ghetto, maintain relation-
ships with outside wraiths. For the most part, however, the
Ghetto Dead are a taciturn, insular breed. They will not make
the mistake of trust again.

Notall of the Ghetto's victims became Restless, of course,
and many died after having been deported to one death camp
or another. Still, the Ghetto Fetters a fair number of dybbuks,
particularly for such a small area. Anielewecz estimates that
about 20,000 Dead call the Ghetto home.

These dybbuks divide themselves into several groups.
Predominant and preeminent are the wraiths loyal to the ZOB
and Mordechai Anielewecz. These partisans are considered
acutely Renegade by the Hierarchy, but the Partition Accords
and Anielewecz's own formidable power stay the Deathlords'
talons for now. The ZOB dybbuks seek to keep Warsaw a self
contained community and protect it against outside incur


sion. Privately, Anielewecz and his top aides discuss a goal of
forcing the recognition of the Ghetto as an independent Dark
Kingdom (as opposed to the bizarre twilight status enjoyed by
the areas liber ant of the Millions), but
this is never discussed outside of Anielewecz' innermost circle
of advisors. The ZOB remembers Gestapo spies all too well,
and distrusts the Hierarchy even more.

ted under the Cover

Many residents of the Ghetto, of course, were not fighters,
but individuals trying as best they could to survive and ensure
their families' survival. Those of this breed who became dybbuks.
after death are most concerned with finding lost family members
and reconciling their earthly ties. They live in the flats of the
Central Ghetto, often smiling wistfully at Quick passersby who
remind them of lost parent, siblings, friends and children.

As with any Ghetto, of course, Warsaw had its desperate
inhabitants. The beggars, the orphans and the starvelings are
represented here as well, often forlornly roaming the streets
where they collapsed. To look at some of these emaciated
wrecks, one would think them dead in truth, for surely such

faces can belong only to corpses. Only the feral eyes shining
above jaundiced, concave cheeks betray any signs of Restless

- ay Ny ae
NAP te AEN ieee

by, ANN GE = (GaN

"life." A bit of Pathos, a dollop of Usury, and the ghost of a
beggar-child will smile at the alms-giver from ectoplasmic
mouths rendered toothless by scurvy.

Unfortunately, these wretches often fall prey to Warsaw's
true bottom feeders. The Ghetto knew its share of opportunist

In its congested streets, persons of learningand respectability were
forced to bump shoulders with thieves, criminals, profiteers and

smugglers. This continues in death. Such rogues cruise the nar-
row alleys and secret tunnels like sharks, ruthlessly sniffing out
Pathos and bludgeoning it from those wraiths weaker than they.

Even worse are the snatcher gangs. There are few materials
with which to make goods in the Ghetto; most of the neighborhood's
native relics have already appeared and few others will be coming.

And so every once in a while, an orphaned beggar boy disappears

from the Shadowlands streets, and a factory has an extra two weeks'

worth of fodder, and the Ghetto machine grinds on.

The Wall

In the Shadowlands the Wall towers up and up, stretch-
ing on and on and on. In life the Wall kept the Jews of War-
saw in; in death it keeps their enemies out.

Behind the Wall
The Ghetto at Warszawa


The Shadowlands Wall is a monstrous, Gothic edifice of end-
less black bricks, resembling one of the great medieval structures
from Meyrink's The Golem. Travelers who stare overlong at the black
bricks might discern the faintest of patterns marring the glassy sur-
face: Rorschach blots which a very active imagination might be
able to solidify into anguished faces, groping hands or contorted
bodies. And they would be correct, fora few Nazis crossed the Shroud
on the wrong side of the Wall, and their fate was not a pleasant one.

Most of Warsaw's dybbuks view the Wall with mixed emo-
tions — it embodies both their strength and their oppression.
Nonetheless, they need it; Spectres from Aryan Warsaw and the
countryside have raided the Ghetto, hurling their Corpora against
the brick in a terrifying if futile attempt to batter through. The
dybbuks of Warsaw have learned Jiirgen Stroop's lessons well, and
so the Spectres are repelled, while those who are captured merely
serve to reinforce the barricade they so desperately tried to breach.

The Sewers

The noxious sewers through which the guerrillas of the ZOB
stole are still patrolled by their Restless counterparts. Now, how-

ever, the vigilance has a different purpose. Anielewecz has heard
tales of the Spectres' Labyrinth, and fears that the next assault
on the ghetto may come from below.

The Central Ghetto

The Central Ghetto contained the institutions of
Warsaw's Jews...and of their oppressors. It was from these
blocks that the Judenrat council tried to regulate the lives of
hal

a million, and it was from here that the SS so efficiently
murdered them.

The Central Ghetto stands in Warsaw's Shadowlands to
this day, more or less perfectly preserved. Now, of course, it
houses the ZOB government, and at their insistence Warsaw's
dybbuks have turned it into a formidable fortress. Mazes of
tunnels, bunkers and passages provide ZOB members without
Argos access
Darkst
cades stoutly defend the streets against any spillover from
Aryan Warsaw's wraiths.

‘o nearly any part of the Ghetto in minutes.
1 grates block Spectral entrance, while relic barri-


At 26 Grzibovska Street sits the headquarters of the
Judenrat. Recently restored in the Skinlands, the building
serves as a Pathos trough for the dybbuks, though many who
partake of its fare complain that emotions "filtered" through
the Judenrat are weak and muted (like the men whom the
building memorializes, the dybbuks mutter).

Also in the Central Ghetto is the Umschlagsplatz.
Though the station is a rich wellspring of emotion, Anielewe
discourages extensive feeding from this site: The Pathos
nered from this hive of misery is a dark banquet indeed. None-
theless, all too many of Warsaw's desperate dead swarm to the
Umschlagplatz by night, basking in the effluvia of terror and
despair. Warsaw's Spectres — and there are more than the
ZOB would like to believe — couldn't be happier.

Ihe Productive Ghetto/Brushnakers
District

The Productive Ghetto whirs day and night with the
sounds of industry, as busy dybbuks labor on forg:
adapted to do the work of the Dead. Nowadays, of course,
these wraiths labor for themselves, not for the likes of Toebbens
and Schultz.

In theory, all denizens of the Ghetto are to receive the
fruits of the factories' ectoplasmic labors. In practice, materi-
alsare exceedingly scarce, and this scarcity is fueled by Ghetto
dybbuks' distrustful refusal to enter into diplomatic relations
with goyim. Most of the Productive Ghetto's labors must nec-
essarily go to the ZOB and to those who perform useful func-
tions in the community. The street beggars, the grafters, the
hustlers...well, Warsaw's laborers are sorry for them, but per-
haps on Purimfest there will be a surplus.

And so in the mazy alleys of the Productive Ghetto, a
thriving black market has sprung up. Unscrupulous workers
filch forged or Moliated goods from the communal piles and

ind looms

sell them to the shadow merchants, who in turn profiteer them
to Warsaw's bottom feeders.

The Wild Ghetto

And then there is the Wild Ghetto: that trackless laby-
rinth of teetering tenements and black alleys where even ZOB
dybbuks fear to go. Most Restless, preferring the relative com-
fort of the Central and Productive Ghettos, leave the Wild
Ghetto to time and inevitable dec:

This may be one of Anielewecz's few mistakes. Certain
of Warsaw's less savory elements are known to lair deep in the

Wild Ghetto, and rumors of entire Circles of "hidden dybbuks"
occasionally drift through the Ghetto's factories and markets.
Those incautious dybbuks who have ventured into the Wild
Ghetto speak of feeling watched, and some go so far as to say
that the very buildings and streets shift before and behind
them, disorienting them and preventing egress. Then, too,
there are the sightings: half-seen glimpses of bizarre Phanta-
sies and twisted shapes that can only be Nephwracks.

The Wild Ghetto is "ruled" by a bizarre dybbuk claiming
to be the Restless incarnation of Anielewecz's old ally Moishe
the Bolshevik. The veracity of this claim has never been veri-
fied; what is known is that "Moishe" knows the Wild Ghetto
far better than any of Aniel 's dybbuks, and has the sup-
port of a powerful Circle of Spooks and Haunters.

Mordechai Anielewecz

Background: In 1943, temporal and ethical responsibility +
for the fate of the ghetto fell on the 24-year-old shoulders of
Mordechai Anielewecz. Already affiliated with the resistance
group Ha-Shomer Ha'Tzair, on July 28, 1942 he formed the ZOB
and begun the task of training his people for war. Early in 1943,
-d that there was no more time to prepare.

His fate has already been chronicled in the history sec-
tion. When he finally went down to Nazi bullets in his com-
mand bunker at 18 Mila, however, he barely noticed; there
was still so much work to do, and Anielewecz was not about
to let a trifle like death stop him.


Already a remarkable man, Anielewecz crossed the
Shroud as a dybbuk of Hauntlike power. The venal slaver who
tore off Anielewecz's Caul ended up blasted to Oblivion in
two ticks of his ectoplasmic watch, and Anielewecz went about
the task of adjusting to his new form. He did what he could
for his beleaguered people over the next several days, but was
untrained in his powers and accomplished little. Guilt over
this still haunts him nightly.

Quickly realizing that Warsaw's Polish Dead were as un-
likely to help him as were their living counterparts, Anielewecz
instead based himself out of the newly formed Ghetto
Necropolis and took it upon himself to organize the Ghetto's
Restless. The need to balance this work with many other tasks
— diplomatic missions to Renegade Circles and Hierarchy
outposts, rescue missions to retrieve Ghetto souls from death-
camp Necropoli, and personal training exercises — allowed
certain less savory Dead to gain footing in the Ghetto. None-
theless, Anielewecz is by far the most influential dybbuk in
the Ghetto, and most of its inhabitants would die again for
him.

He is a figure of legend even among Europe's somewhat
unflappable Dead, and rumor has it that he has several times
sneaked into Stygia itself, there to learn Arcanoi and Guild
secrets and steal supplies for his people.

Nature: Cavalier

Demeanor: Architect

Circle: ZOB

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Intimidation 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Firearms 4, Leadership 4, Melee 3, Stealth 5
Knowledges: Law 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Eidolon 4, Memoriam 4, Relic 3, Status 4
Passions: Protect the living and dead Jews of Warsaw (Pater-
nal Devotion) 4, Never let a fascist regime threaten his people
again (Idealism) 4,

Arcanoi: Argos 4, Castigate 3, Embody 4, Inhabit 3, Keening
4, Outrage 5, Pandemonium 5, Puppetry 1

Fetters: Plaque at 18 Mila 5, Memorial 3, Entire ghetto 2
Willpower: 10

Pathos: 10

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Martyr
Angst: 5

Thorns: Shadowplay

Shadow Passions: Give up the good fight (Lethargy) 3, Be-
tray the people (Perversity) 2, Avenge yourself against all the
ingrates (Frustration) 1

Image: Anielewecz cuts a striking figure, and in more
peaceable times he would have been quite the heartbreaker.
Short, neatly cropped black hair frames a face that is at once
handsome and rugged, with a wry smile. It is the eyes, though,
that catch and hold the gaze: Of stellar intensity, they blaze
from his sunken sockets and drawn cheeks like black suns.

Roleplaying Hints: Never again. The dybbuks of the
Ghetto are your children, and you must protect them — from
themselves, if necessary. The burden of what you have seen
and done chains you more tightly than any Fetters ever could,
and you project the authority and responsibility of a wraith
many centuries your senior. Occasionally you allow the fun-
loving, playful side of your personality to emerge, but are quick
to put frivolity aside when danger threatens.

Note: If Anielewecz's stats seem inflated, it is only be-
cause history bears them out. By many reliable accounts, the
man was the living embodiment of the larger-than-life he-
roes that so dominated the pulp magazines of the time.

Emily Landau

Background: Emily Landau bears the distinct honor of
being the first Jew to take a Nazi life in the Ghetto Revolt,
and the dubious honor of being the first Jew to die thereafter.

The 17-year-old partisan was an ardent follower of
Anielewecz in life, and since her death she has become some-
what more than ardent. The teenager, whom circumstance
deprived of any chance to experience romance, has become
somewhat understandably fixated on the handsome Ghetto
leader. Anielewecz, so attentive to more macrocosmic con-
cerns, does not even notice her advances, much to Landau's
frustration and other dybbuks' amusement.

What is not quite so amusing is that Landau's Shadow
has used this quandary to grow quite strong. This could yet
prove disastrous: Landau is one of Anielewecz' most trusted
aides, yet lacks the worldly experience to deal properly with
her feelings.

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Cavalier

Circle: ZOB

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 4, Leadership 1, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Politics 2
Passions: Make Anielewecz fall in love with her (Love) 5,
Avenge her death, (Vengeance) 3, Protect the surviving Jews
of Warsaw (Pride) 2
Arcanoi: Argos 2, Embody 3, Outrage 3, Pandemonium 3
Fetters: Site of her death 4
Willpower: 8
Pathos: 6
Permanent Corpus: 10
Shadow: The Pusher
Angst: 6
Thorns: Freudian Slip
Shadow Passions: Make Mordechai care (Codependency) 5,
"Avenge" yourself on anyone who pisses you off (Rage) 3
Image: Emily, once rather plain, has recently employed a
Ghetto Masquer to "touch her up" in the vain hope that
Anielewecz would notice. She is still rather thin, with dis-
tinctive, angular features rendered more striking by lack of
food, but it is her eyes that are her most striking feature: jet-
black and flashing with conviction.
Roleplaying Hints: Try to be all things to Mordechai;
you combine the roles of devoted aide and eager puppy dog
with something less than grace. Still, you are a skilled warrior

and a devout idealist. If there is anyone capable of resisting i}
her Shadow unaided, it is you.

Adam Czemniakow

Background: Passersby who happen to glance toward the
old Judenrat building at 26 Grzibovska often notice a tattered,
shrouded figure walking silently, with forlorn tread and head
held down. This is their former "leader," Adam Czerniakow,
first Obmann of the Nazi-manipulated Judenrat.

Czerniakow tried through suicide to escape his twin dam-
nations — the Nazis' hell and his personal hell — only to
wind up chained there forever. He staggered aimlessly through
the Ghetto for several years until Anielewecz, in pity, gave
him a minor diplomatic role in the ZOB. It is for this pity and
mercy that Czerniakow hates Anielewecz so.

Still, Czerniakow has held his tongue and handled his
role with competence. In his liaisons with other groups of
Restless Dead, Czerniakow has gained more influence than
Anielewecz had perhaps intended. And unbeknownst to
Anielewecz, or even Czerniakow's fragile Psyche, the former
Obmann's Shadow has opened diplomatic relations with Dead
of a rather dubious stripe. Nightly Czerniakow's darker half
waxes stronger. If Warsaw's wraiths do not appreciate you, it
whispers, then I know those who will accord you your proper
place...

Nature: Mediator
Demeanor: Follower

Behind the Wall

to at Warsz

GEN

Na
Hi
qt

WEES,

Circle: Warsaw Dybbuks
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 3, Dodge 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 4, Politics 4, Science 3
Backgrounds: Haunt 3, Memoriam 2, Notoriety 1, Status 2
Passions: Redeem his "good name" (Pride) 3, Atone for the
deaths of the deported ones (Guilt) 3, Keep the community
safe (Selflessness) 2

Arcanoi: Fatalism 3, Keening 2, Lifeweb 3, Puppetry 4
Fetters: Judenrat building 5

Willpower: 4

Pathos: 7

Permanent Corpus: 9

Shadow: The Rationalist

Angst: 7

Thorns: Tainted Touch

Shadow Passions: Get Anielewecz killed (Envy) 5, Force
Warsaw's wraiths to show gratitude for all that Czerniakow
accomplished (Frustration) 4,

Image: Adam Czerniakow's lined, weary face bears a
slightly goggle-eyed expression. This is less from surprise —
nothing moves him anymore — than from the cyanide cap-
sules with which he committed suicide

Roleplaying Notes: You tried so hard, but still they hate
you. What they don't understand is that there was nothing
else you could have done. They whisper behind your back,
calling you a spineless quisling, don't they? Well, if it hadn't
been for you they would have all been shot during the first
week of the occupation! Still, you suppose this whole ordeal
is teaching you patienc
get their just rewards, y

Rebbe Zishe Friedman

Background: Rebbe Friedman preaches in death what
he did in life: nonviolence and nonaggression. As a living
man in the Ghetto, he exhorted the young militants not to
fight their Nazi oppressors, but to resist morally and by ex-
ample. This burden was G-d's will, and only by suffering it
with the stoicism characteristic of His chosen people would
Warsaw's Jews be rewarded in His sight.

One day very soon, everyone will

The young firebrands were not interested in the logic of
the old, and called the Rebbe a "passive sheep." A certain SS

guard was even less impressed, and called Friedman many other
names as he pistol-whipped him to death on Gesia Street.

Now
etic kabbalist cult. Many of Warsaw's impatient Dea
no way out of this purgatory and increasingly disencha
with the ZOB, have begun to turn to Friedman's more spiri-

man leads Shabbat

tual offerings. Friedman himself has made contact with sev-
eral mysterious but obviously learned wraiths of an occult bent;
one may only hope that in his studies he avoids the clutche:
of the Malfeans more readily than he did the talons of the SS.
Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Caregiver

Circle: Talmudic Wraiths

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 1, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Awareness 3, Empathy 3, Expression 4

Skills: Etiquette 1, Meditation 3

Knowledges: Law (Talmudic) 3, Linguistics 4, Occult 4, The-
ology 4

Backgrounds: Artifact 3, Eidolon 1, Relic 1, Status 1 |


Passions: Preserve Judaic faith beyond the Shroud (Devo-
tion) 5, Teach "truth" to all listeners (Fervor) 3, Abstain from
militancy (Pacifism) 2

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Castigate 4, Fatalism 4, Moliate 1

Fetters: Tattered prayer book 3, Forgotten photograph 1
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 7

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Martyr

Angst: 5

Thorns: Pact of Doom

Shadow Passions: Study occult lore regardless of the conse-
quences (Curiosity) 4, Trick people into avenging Friedman's
death (Vengeance) 3,

Image: Friedman presents the classic image of a Talmu-
dic scholar. His tall, gaunt frame is dressed in a severe black
suit, and a long beard hangs well below his collar. His gaze is
beatific and benevolent, and his expressive hands are usually
clutched around a relic prayer book.

Roleplaying Hints: You admire young Anielewecz and
are distressed that he does not reciprocate your feelings, but
his way is not your way. This anger that the ZOB bears is an
affront to G-d — no good, no final peace, will come of it.

§

he Warsaw wraiths become involved in
| the politics of newly democratized Poland,
4)| thus violating the Dictum Mortuum. Ten-
{| sions between the Hierarchy and the War-
jj saw Ghetto flare, and the characters ar-
tive to patch things up...or exploit the
situation for their own ends.

¢ Anielewecz makes a daring raid into the local
Anacreon's Citadel, absconding with a valuable Artifact. The
characters are Legionnaires sent to go over the Wall and re-
trieve the Artifact. But was the thief actually Anielewecz —
or a cunning Doppelganger? And if was the ZOB man who
accomplished the feat, where do the characters' sympathies
lie?

© Rebbe Friedman (or his Shadow) contacts a Spectral
hive, allowing the Shadow-eaten access into the Ghetto. The
characters must "clean house," thereby becoming involved in
a harrowing game of cat and mouse amid the darkened streets
of the Wild Ghetto.

Plan of the Warsaw Environs and Ghetto.

Jewish Council (Judenrat)
Umschlagplatz

Korczak Orphanage
%T.0.S. (Jewish Mutual Aid Society)
Cemeteries

O.R.T. (Organization for
Rehabilitation through Training)
— Ghetto Walls

— Streets

amMOQD>



A Strugele
ot the Forsaken:
Babi Yar

by jonathan Blacke

; The wild grasses rustle over Babii Yar.
The trees look ominous,

like judges.
Here all things scream silently,

and, baring my head,
slowly I feel myself

turning gray.
And I myself

am one massive, soundless scream
Above the thousand thousand buried here.
—Yevgeny Yevtushenko, "Babii Yar"


hen Hitler made the decision to invade the
Soviet Union, he initiated something
much darker than a simple first strike
against the Red Army. As the Blitzkrieg
tolled east along the Ukrainian steppes, in
its wake followed the Einsatzgruppen —
elite teams of SS soldiers under strict or-
ders to infiltrate towns and cities captured by the German
divisions and liquidate the entire population of Jews in each
one. These mobile death squads pierced through the villages
of the western Ukraine region, slaughtering Jews, Gypsies and
Communists in what was the beginning stage of the Holo-
caust, the actual calculated program of the liquidation of Eu-
ropean Jewry that would fell close to six million Jews and
millions of Gypsies, Poles, Communists, Roman Catholics and
Russian POWs.

Babi Yar, a ravine near the city of Kiev in the Ukraine,
was the site of one of the first mass murders of Jews. In Sep-
tember 1941, in the space of 36 hours, over 33,000 Jews were
murdered by German soldiers and SS Einsatzgruppen com-
mandos. For the next two years, Jews, Gypsies and Soviet pris-
oners were rounded up, transported to Babi Yar and executed
— 100,000 in all, in one of the first and worst atrocities of
the Second World War.

le Ste and its Surrounding

abi Yar is situated in the northwestern part
of Kiev, a large dirt-sided ravine, not par-
ticularly noteworthy in its own right. Its
middling-sized hills and slopes undulate
matter-of-factly through the countryside.
Sparse clumps of bushes and bracken in-
termittently break the roll of the land-
scape, their bare, weather-beaten branches doggedly intertwin-
ing within each other in defiance of the unforgiving climate.
The terrain itself is rocky and mostly infertile, its grayish-
brown hue echoing the dull, industrial clouds over nearby Kiev.
At one end of the Babi Yar ravine stands a small centuries-
old Jewish cemetery, marking the end of Kiev's Melnik Street.
Among the crypts and memorials, stand broken headstones
or empty spaces where once grave markers stood. The miss-
ing stones have a story of their own to tell; they were appro-
priated by the execution squads for use as grindstones and
weights in crushing the bones of their victims' bodies.

About a mile from the ravine stands a large monument
commemorating the massacre. Erected by the Brezhnev gov-

ernment in 1974, the 50-foot-high bronze sculpture features
several entwined figures that seem to disappear into the
monument's base. Several scenes are portrayed by the char-
acters. A young girl weeps over the slain figure of her boy-
friend. A Russian sailor shields his mother from attack with
his own body. A young mother, her hands bound behind her
with barbed wire, still suckles her child. A Red Army soldier
and his partisan ally cast their steeled gazes of determination
and patriotism at an unseen enemy. The sculpture is charac-
teristic of hundreds that sprang up behind the Iron Curtain.
Its cast trumpets the eternal struggle and resolve of the So-
viet people, their die-cast Leninesque features implacable and
rock-steady in the face of all enemies of the Motherland. An
inscription at the base of the statue reads: "Here, in 1941-
1943, the German Fascist invaders executed over 100,000
citizens of Kiev and prisoners of war." No mention is made of
why the people who perished here were killed.

In the Shadowlands, the ravine still looks very much like it
did on the day the killing started. The perimeter of the Haunt is
encircled by a barbed wire fence, cordoning off the area in the
Shadowlands just as the clearing at the ravine's edge was cor
doned off that morning. The fence is a tangible manifestation for
the wraiths who flock to this Haunt; it can fade away or solidify
depending upon the area's collective Pathos and Angst. The ter-
rain of the Haunt is dotted by small balefires. These mark the
spots of huge pyres upon which the SS burned the entire morass
of bodies during a mass exhumation, conducted in 1943 to wipe
away any evidence of the massacres which had taken place.

The centerpiece of the Haunt is a giant pit, the mass
grave where the bodies were buried. Along its bottom runs
the unmistakable crack of a Nihil, the eerie humming of
Oblivion resounding off its sleek chasmed walls. The clouds
of smoke that billow up from the Nihil stink with the stench
of blood and charred marrow, an assault of rot and decay that
never seems to dissipate. The area around the pit is patrolled
by a group of wraiths under the direction of Alexander Renko,
a former captain in the Red Army. His troops keep a constant
vigil over the abyss, ever ready to sound the alarm and defend
the Haunt against any Spectres who climb up out of its depths.

history

Kiev fell to the Germans on September 19, 1941. On
that day, a 50-man advance squad of Einsatzgruppen entered
the city; two days later the chief of the operation arrived with
the rest of the unit, 200 soldiers in all. They secured a work-
ing headquarters in Kreshchatik Street, as well as taking over
Kiev's Continental Hotel and the city's doctors' club, which
was converted into a meeting house for German officers.


Five days after taking Kiev, explosions rocked the center
ofthe city. The Kreshchatik Street building was blown up, as
well as other dwellings being used by the invaders. Detach-
ments of Soviet NKVD security police, secretly stationed in
the city, had been ordered to sabotage the German command.
Many of the German forces, as well as inhabitants of the area,
were killed. To address the attacks, on September 26th, Ger-
man commanders held a meeting, at which they decided that
intetaliation for the bombings, the Jews residing in Kiev were
to be put to death. Carrying out the order would be the men
of Sonderkommando 4a, an Einsatzgruppen battalion consist-
ingof SD and SIPO security police, armed men of the Waffen
§S, and reinforcements from local and regional Ukrainian
police battalions.

On the morning of September 28th, the Jews of Kiev
woke to find notices from the occupying force posted through-
out the city: "All Jews living in the city of Kiev and its vicin-
ity are to report by 8 o'clock on the morning of Monday, Sep-
tember 29th, 1941, at the corner of Melnikovsky and
Dokhturov Streets. They are to take with them documents,
money, valuables, as well as warm clothes, underwear, etc.
Any Jew not carrying out this instruction and who is found
elsewhere will be shot."

The next morning, thousands of Jews assembled at the
intersection. Most of Kiev's population of 160,000 Jews had
managed to flee the city before the Germans captured it; those

their children. The young men had evacuated with the re-
treating Red Army. Rumors had been circulated, falsely started
by the Germans, that the Jews of Kiev were to be transported
out of the city and resettled elsewhere. The rumor, buoyed by
the fact that the intersection designated for the roundup bor-
dered on a railway station, seemed plausible to the crowds.

Ushered along by armed guards, the tightly packed masses
of humanity moved along the streets of Kiev. Because of their
sheer numbers, the thousands of Jews did not reach the end
of Melnik Street until early afternoon. When they got to the
Jewish cemetery at the end of the avenue, they found the
toad had been blocked with coils of barbed wire and antitank
obstructions. A narrow passage had been left in the middle of
the barricade, barely wide enough for two people abreast and
guarded by SS and Ukrainian police.

The SS ordered the Jews through the passageway. When
they reached the other side, the prisoners were ordered to
hand over all their valuables and to strip naked. Those reluc-
tant to do so had their garments ripped from their bodies, and
the clothes and valises were placed in two huge piles off to
the side. The naked victims were then forced to run through
a gauntlet of SS men and Ukrainian police armed with clubs
and truncheons and brass knuckles, who proceeded to beat
them savagely through the human corridor. The broken and
bleeding Jews were then marched over to the edge of the Babi


a SSS

Yar ravine, standing in groups of ten on the ledge of a huge
pit dug just the day before.

When the prisoners reached the edge of the pit, a squad
of thirty men with automatic weapons gunned them down.
The dead bodies fell off the ledge and slid down the pit's steep
sides to the bottom. The shooters kept strafing each new group
of ten in the same manner, holding their weapons at waist
height to achieve the maximum number of kills — adults were
shot in the stomach, older children in the chest, and the little
ones in the head. A new squad of gunners was brought in
every hour to relieve the previous one, while SS officers posi-
tioned themselves around the brim of the hole and watched
for any signs of movement from those not within who had
not yet died. These people they picked off with their sidearms.

The shooting continued until nightfall, when it became
too dark to see. At this point, the SS had the ravine dyna-
mited, covering both the dead and the few survivors in the
pit with earth. Those Jews still waiting for execution were
herded into abandoned garages and barns and kept under guard
until the next morning, when the SS picked up from where

they had left off. At the end of the day on September 30,
1941, after 36 hours of wholesale slaughter, the Germans cal-
culated that they had produced 33,771 dead Jews. The com-
mand squad of the German forces then left Kiev, leaving a
few squads of soldiers behind.

Yet the carnage continued. Einsatzgruppen patrols con-
tinued to search the houses and shops of Kiev and the sur-
rounding farms in the area, beating the bushes for any re-
maining Jews. Any who were found were herded into the ra-
vine and machine-gunned to death by the remaining
Einsatzgruppen men. For the next several months, many more
thousands of Jewish men, women and children were seized,
taken to Babi Yar, and gunned down. Many were given up by
the local Ukrainian populations, who flooded local SS and
SIPO offices with letters detailing the whereabouts of Jews.

For two years, the killings at Babi Yar went on; Gypsies
and Soviet prisoners of war were brought to the site and ex-
ecuted as well. Over the 24 months that Babi Yar was in op-
eration, approximately 100,000 persons lost their lives at the
end of SS gun barrels.


Inthe summer of 1943, the German army was being beaten
back by revitalized Russian forces, and the commanders who had
originally initiated the massacres at Babi Yar were sent back to
Kiev, They were under orders by the SS to erase any evidence of
the carnage they had perpetrated. A special team of SS men
brought in over three hundred inmates from the nearby concen-
tration camp of Syretsk and utilized these prisoners in a mass ex-
humation of the thousands of bodies decaying in the covered-
overpits. On August 18, 1943, bulldozers were brought in to open
up the mass graves, and the prisoners were ordered to drag the
corpses to large cremation fires, made from gasoline-soaked
wooden logs from the nearby forests. There the bodies were in-
cinerated to ash, and the ashes sifted by the Germans for any
stray gold or silver. Tombstones were brought in from the nearby
Jewish cemetery and.used as giant pestles to grind down any bones
that would not burn. The mass cremations ended on September
19th, on the second anniversary of the Germans' march into Kiev.

On September 29th, the anniversary of the first wave of
mass bloodletting, the remaining prisoners (recent
transportees, for the most part) learned that they were to be
executed the following morning. That night, they planned a
breakout from their temporary jail, an artificial cave cut into
one side of the ravine. A few minutes after midnight, 25 pris-
oners broke out of their confines under cover of a fog that
blanketed the are. Fifteen men escaped. The other 10 were
shot during the escape or at dawn the following morning —
the last victims to fall at the abattoir that was Babi Yar.

Te Haunt

The 36-hour massacre of the Jews of Kiev on the last
days of September 1941 produced an immediate change in
the Shadowlands: the tearing open of a Nihil in the immedi-
ate vicinity. This released packs of Spectres, who were the
first to get at these dormant spirits. The area was a shambles,
as dozens of souls were almost instantly swept up by the ma-
rauding Spectres. Those souls not snatched by the horde were
hardly able to adjust to their surroundings and the powers
they now possessed before they were forced to defend them-
selves and the still-arriving masses. The fortuitous arrival of a
group of Russian wraiths, formerly soldiers in the Red Army,
added to their numbers, and a great number of wraiths were
able to withstand the Spectral onslaught.

Many of the remaining wraiths split off in every direction,
not caring to remain in the area lest they be attacked again by
any straggling Spectres. Those who did stay guarded the pas-
sage of new souls as best they could, keeping watch over the
hole to Oblivion for months upon end. They were bound to
the site by a driving force, a burning need to help the rest of

the lost souls through the Shroud safely. When the killings at
Babi Yar finally stopped, the Nihil became quiet, and even
shrank. Another surge of Spectres came with the eruption of
the bonfires, during the Nazis' attempt to sweep away their
ghastliness, but Capt. Renko and his soldiers defeated this as-
sault with relative ease. For a while, all seemed calm.

The arrival of officials from the Hierarchy at the Haunt was
greeted with more suspicion than relief by the wraiths residing
there. A few wraiths went with the legates to Stygia, but the
majority stayed put around the Haunt. When their comrades
returned and told them of the multitude of wraiths still out there,
and of the signing of the Covenant of the Millions, the wraiths
of Babi Yar convened and voted to join themselves formally into
two Circles, to give some semblance of organization to their work.
Babi Yar has become a gathering site for information about wraiths
who fell victim to other Einsatzgruppen executions. Rail lines
connect the Haunt to other parts of the Shadowlands, providing
quick movement of people and data to other free Ghettos in
Shadowlands Russia, Poland, and the Baltics. Unlike other free
Ghettos, however, Babi Yar is no more than a way station for
most of the wraiths who come here. It is simply too dangerous,
considering the instability and nearness of the Nihil, to afford to
give long-term shelter to traveling wraiths.

qhe Menders

The majority of the wraiths who remained at Babi Yar
call themselves the Menders. They are the victims of Babi
Yar, the souls of the Jews and others who cry out in the dark-
ness for respect from the Quick and justice from the Dead.
The Menders are also active in trying to bring back all the
souls who scattered during the creation of the Haunt. The
Menders consider it their place to poke through the Shroud
to the Skinlands, and try to move the emotions of the living
to remember and learn of the tragedy that occurred at Babi
Yar. The wraiths of this Circle believe that they grow stron-
ger with each wave of emotion that permeates the Shroud
from the Skinlands, and they wait for the day when the living
will truly mark the horrors that happened during the war, ac-
cord the victims the dignity they deserve. This, the Menders
believe, will seal the Nihil up and bring some semblance of
peace to this part of the Shadowlands.

The fallen Comrades

The nucleus of the Fallen Comrades is a group of Rus-
sian Red Army soldiers from Kiev who returned to the re-
mains of their homeland just after the creation of the Nihil
and the flood of souls from the Skinlands began. They have
since considered it their duty to protect the population of the


LSE

Haunt from the Spectres in the region, and to safeguard the
Haunt from the rumblings deep within the Nihil. The Fallen
Comrades have enlisted the help of other wraiths at Babi Yar
and other sympathetic wraiths, who are willing to stand as
In addition to watching the Nihil, the Fallen Com-
rades often venture outside the Haunt, patrolling the
Shadowlands of the Ukraine for the lost thousands who are
tied to this pl

The Haunt Today

ially a free Ghetto under the terms of the Covenant

of the Millions, the area around Babi Yar is one of the least
impressive of the sites thus demarcated. A rough wall, broken
only by a gate at Melnik Street, divides the Necropolis of
Kiev from the area controlled by the Covenant wraiths. There
me little tra the wall; Mender and Fallen Com-
rade wraiths travel into the city for trade or to tend their Fet-
ters, visitors come from Kiev's railway station out to the ra-

archy wraith still ventures out-
side the city to view the monument and the destruction it
commemorate:

Babi Yar wraiths who travel into the city rarely do so
alone. The ill will that brews on both sides of the wall has
manifested itself violently many times over the yea
every Mender or

sentinels.

's, and not
allen Comrade who has gone to see a Fet-
ter in the city has returned

At the ravine itself, small huts and barra been
constructed from the relics of the logs used in the great burn-
ing. Here is where the Fallen Comrades and the Menders stay,
and here is where they house the Haunt's steady population
of transients. A great many records are housed at the Haunt
as well, and there is a constant of influx of wraiths seeking to
peruse this information.

There are also a series of guard posts around the Nihil in

acto: If. These are constantly manned, and by each

the ravine its
one is an Artifact bell which is tolled at the first sign of Spec-
tral activity.

qhe Massive Soundless Scream
The half-century since the war's end has left the world

its ruling caste has always considered the wraiths of Babi

with the awesc of coming to terms with

ame responsibility
the unspeakable deeds of the Holocaust. Some action

the Quick has strengthened many spots in the Shadowlands

where the free Ghettos are located. These Ghettos, imbued

with the Pathos that filters across the Shroud, have become

more solidified, more real, more permanent fixtures upon

the geography of the Land of the Dead

I 1¢ free community at Babi Yar has nc

tunate. The vast wave of Stalinist antisemitis

ftermath of t

ing fields of Babi Yar were to be
tothe black he

ered treasonous to say that

fici:

signe f denial and cens

in people ha
ian Peof

accomplices in the s The

of the Communists and Russians wh t the sit

The implications of E rendered null

the status Babi Yar a p

The Circle

has manifested itself in many ways, particularly in. the

direction of Stygia. Kiev itself is a small Necropolis, and

fren
(harnel Houses

Yar to be lepers and outlaws. This dislike crystallized in
the wake of the Haunt's wraiths' actions toward those
citizens of Kiev who handed over their neighbors and
friends to the Nazis. Rumors abound in Kiev about the
fate of former collaborators who fall afoul of the Circles
wt Babi Yar
forged into inanimateness or hurled down into the
mouth of the Nihil at the site

that they are seized and immediately

The Menders and Fallen Comrades deny this, claim:
that their purpose is to heal, not to hurt. There is a
monolith of evidence, however, to contravene the Circles'
denial. Standing on the outskirts of the haunt, in an area
known to be occasionally frequented by Spectres, is a
crudely made statue. It isa soulforged representation of
the Skinlands monument at Babi Yar, the statue that i
nores the murder of Jews. The soul-stuff that has been used
to create the statue is that of German soldiers, Ukrainian
police, and former collaborators. The monolith gives offa
nearly unbearable amount of Angst, settling upon the
senses like a humid fog of hatred and deafening one with

its shriek o}

and frustrations, and many within the free Haunt and in

silent agony. Itiva sponge for the wraiths' rave

the neighboring Necropolis fear what this statue might
someday precipitate. In the meanwhile, it stands asa mute
warming to these who have done the hovering souls of
Babi Yar wron:


a
iL
LA

Z
ASS

tfemath

In recent years, the fall of Communism and the breakup
of the Soviet Union allowed the peoples formerly hidden be-
hind the Iron Curtain to begin the process of rewriting their
histories free from the censorship of party overseers. In the
fall of 1991, Ukrainian officials decided to hold a series of
commemorative festivals to remember the tragedies perpe-
trated on their soil. Kiev played host to an international schol-
arly conference and set aside a week of remembrance to honor
those thousands of lives snuffed out in the fires of Babi Yar.

Many former residents of Kiev returned to the city; memorial
exhibits lined the streets; commemorative pins and medallions were
struck. The genesis of reflection upon the evil that happened at Babi
Yar was underway, but it fell short of total acknowledgment. The
subject of those who collaborated with the Einsatzgruppen, who de-
liberately gave their neighbors, fellow workers and friends up to SS
death squads was danced around during the week of remembrance.

The tension regarding the legacy of Babi Yar still exists
inthe Ukraine. Although Holocaust researchers are trying to

make progress in their understanding and acceptance of the
facts, the subconscious reluctance of many to admit openly
that they are a part of this fatal legacy, that their actions were
instrumental in the tally of dead, is still strong. It is a silent,
yet powerful force in the progress of truth (or lack thereof).
Although the wraiths of Babi Yar's burden is slightly eased by
the absence of draconian opposition to the truth, the remain-
ing passive opposition is still a potent force.

Diana Ryachev

Diana Ryachev was Jewish, but married a Russian, a doc-
tor from Kiev, and taken his Ukrainian surname. She had a
good home, a loving husband, and a fun little sideline as an

actress in the local amateur theater, playing modest parts in
comedies and musicals. When the war came and the German
army pushed into Russia, Diana's husband did his patriotic
duty and was shipped off to the eastern front as a medic. Diana
moved in with her parents, who lived on a predominantly
Jewish street. After the Germans marched in and the trouble
started with local resisters, Diana worried for her parents, but
little for herself. After all, she was Russian now.

Diana read the fateful notice that required all the Jews to
assemble on September 29th and hardly slept that entire week.
She and her parents discussed the matter, and they all agreed that
Diana would escort her parents to the square that morning, and
then remain in Kiev. Flight was impossible at this point, anyway.

The morning of the 29th, the streets were filled with the
entire Jewish population of the city, half awake and hurrying
to the departure place. Diana Ryachev and her parents were
in the midst of a sea of people, trucks and carts as relatives
and neighbors saw each other off and wished their Jewish ac-
quaintances well. As the crowds moved closer to the meeting
place, however, the vaguely hopeful atmosphere began to turn
sour. Diana heard the murmurs of those around her, worrying
and confused, and began to worry herself. She finally got close
enough to see what was going on, and her eyes filled with
terror. From a distance she could see the beginning of the
day's horrors. Soldiers were ordering the assembled people to
take off all of their clothing, and stripping those who resisted.
Suddenly, a German soldier walked up to Diana. He yanked
off her fur coat, a gift from her husband, and took it away.

Diana turned around and pushed back through the throng
of people to where her parents stood. They too had seen what
was happening, and told her to go back. Tears welling up in
her eyes, Diana made her way back to one of the guards, pro-
testing that she had been caught up in the crowd somehow,
and that she wasn't meant to be here. The soldier asked for
Diana's identity card, and upon reading it, screamed at her to
get her dirty Jewish hide back in line. Diana dropped her card
and at last understood what was happening to the thousands
of people around her — they were being executed.

Diana had lost her parents by then, but was determined
to get out. She marched up to one of the soldiers and de-
manded to see an officer in charge, repeating her story about
getting caught in the throngs. He asked for her card. She rum-
maged in her purse, and the soldier snatched it from her to
tifle through its contents himself. He did not find the iden-
tity card, but did come across a union card that simply gave
her name, Diana Ryachev. With that kind of good Russian last
name, the soldier thought, she was obviously telling the truth.

Diana Ryachev was escorted to a small hill where a num-
ber of other people were sitting and told to wait. She sat there
all day, watching the same nightmare repeat itself over and
over again: people running through the gauntlet, stripped
naked, marched out of sight behind another hill. And shot.

And shot.

And shot.

By nightfall, Diana could no longer hear the shooting
and the screaming and the dying. She could barely hear or

see anything. Eventually one of the officers in charge walked
over to the hill where Diana was and demanded to know from
the guard who these people were. When the guard said that
they were Ukrainians who were here by mistake and ought to
be let go, the officer barked at the soldier to shoot the lot of
them. No witnesses were to remain alive.

The guard ordered Diana and the others up and marched
them around the hill. They were not ordered to strip, but led
to the killing site in their clothes. Diana and the others with
her, about 30 people, were marched over to the edge of a sand
quarry. Her head swam with adrenaline and the blood pounded
in her skull as she forced herself to look down into the pit.

It was a sea of bodies — men, women and children, na-
ked, broken, and drenched in blood. Some of the people were
not yet completely dead, and Diana could see the hellish mo-
tions in the pit of half-dead human beings. Living souls bur-
ied under dozens of corpses wailed and screamed as they tried
to claw their dying selves up to the surface. Diana could not
move, could not sense anything but the nightmare before her.
A part of her told her to look for her parents, but she knew
she would never find them. Diana Ryachev simply stood at
the edge of the pit, transfixed by the hell before her. She barely
felt the bullets that entered her chest and exploded her heart.


Diana Ryachev entered the Shadowlands so consumed
with guilt and fear that she was barely coherent. Her Caul
was taken from her at Babi Yar by a sympathetic wraith named
Alexander, a Russian soldier who had died on the front lines.
Somehow, she managed to communicate with him what had
happened there that day, and Renko led the counterassault
that secured Babi Yar.

After the Covenant was signed, the area around the ravine
was made independent from the Kiev Necropolis, and a wall built
between the two. As she had been killed for her connection with
Judaism, Diana remained on the outside of the city and joined
the Menders. She continues to search the Shadowlands for in-
formation about her parents, simply to tell them how sorry she is.
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Judge
Circle: The Menders
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Streetwise 2
Skills: Disguise (from her theater work) 1, Dancing 2, Eti-
quette 3, Singing 3, Performance 2
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4, Lore 3, Theater 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 1, Memoriam 1, Status 3
Passions: Find and reconcile with parents (Love) 5, Search
for information on her missing husband (Love) 4, Show grati-
tude to Alexander (Loyalty) 3
Arcanoi: Embody 2, Fatalism 2, Keening 2, Outrage 1
Fetters: Babi Yar 5, The theater in Kiev 3
Willpower: 8
Pathos: 7
Permanent Corpus: 8
Shadow: The Martyr
Angst: 6
Thorns: Death's Sigil, Pact of Doom
Shadow Passions: Convince Diana that her parents will never
forgive her (Fear) 4, Double-cross Alexander so that he will
be swallowed by Oblivion (Envy) 3

Image: Diana Ryachev appears to be 29 years old, with
short auburn hair and a gentle face. Her eyes, though, have
nocolor to them. They are simply two large black pupils eter-
nally trapped in her final, hypnotic gaze into the valley of
death. Her clothes, simple but elegant, are torn in several
places from the beatings she received on her last morning.
Although she seems detached, Diana Ryachev is very aware
and lucid. Determined to find the rest of her family, she sim-
ply doesn't bother with most of the social niceties anymore.

Roleplaying Notes: You are set upon learning a |
you can about the Shadowlands in order to reunite yourself with
your parents. Consequently, you devour any piece of informa-
tion that you come across — ignorance and lies are what brought
you here, and you are not about to be fooled again. The Menders
are appreciative of your knowledge and insight, but sometimes
you feel that they are going too slowly for your personal taste.
Nikolai Dimitrius

Not everyone follows orders. Nikolai Dimitrius was a po-
liceman in Kiev, a simple constable who patrolled many of the
streets in the few largely Jewish neighborhoods. And as with most
young patrolmen, Nikolai knew many of the families and
shopowners in his area well. He didn't really have any opinion
on Jews one way or the other, but was always courteous and pro-
fessional toward them. A lot of his fellow policemen and ser-
geants, however, had very strong opinions about the Jews, none
of them good. Nikolai heard a lot of talk in headquarters and in
bars about the dirty sneaking Jewish this and the dirty sneaking
Jewish that, and after a while some of this hate began to rub off
on him. He became cooler toward the people on his neighbor-
hood beat. Reports of burglaries and vandalism somehow disap-
peared from his notebook. Soon the antisemitism of his police-
man friends seeped into Nikolai Dimitrius, and poisoned his
thoughts. When the Germans took the city, their commanding
officers co-opted the police force to serve as auxiliary guards and
patrols, including Nikolai Dimitrius.


The day it all happened, Nikolai Dimitrius was stationed
in the quieter sections of Kiev, making searches of abandoned
apartments for any leftover Jews. He was walking down one
of the streets when a truck pulled up and the German driver
told him to get in, that he was needed at the assembly site.
When Nikolai arrived, he was led to a group of women and
children sitting off to the side. They were stark naked, and
had been badly beaten. He was ordered to stand guard.

Nikolai looked at the SS man as if he were speaking in tongues.
He looked around him and saw thousands of people, all of them

Jews, being beaten and kicked and stripped naked. He could hear
people screaming and crying, and the steady rat-at-at of automatic
weapons. Nikolai demanded to know what they were doing to the
Jews. "We're getting rid of them, you stupid bastard," was the re-
sponse. The SS man pulled out his pistol and told Nikolai to stand
guard or he'd get a bullet right in his head. Insensate with fear and
horror, Nikolai went over to the prisoners and marched up and
down, up and down, not daring to look into their eyes. This isn't
happening. This can't be happening. I never wanted this to happen.

Nikolai couldn't take any more. While the Germans
weren't looking, he slipped away and made off down the streets
of Kiev. Turning a corner, he saw two young girls, no older
than fourteen, begging mercy from an SS guard. They told
him they were from the orphanage in town, that they had
been brought there as infants. They had no idea what nation-
ality they were. Nikolai watched the two fragile innocents
crouched on all fours, kissing the soldier's gleaming boots,
wrapping their little frames in each other's arms, begging this
towering foreigner to allow them to live. He stepped back,
took out his pistol, and shot both of them in the head.

Nikolai Dimitrius was paralyzed as the soldier holstered
his weapon and strolled away, leaving the two dead children
lying in the street, still embracing each other. Their commin-
gling blood rushed out of them and stained the cobblestone.
He watched for a long while, focusing on the two lifeless little
girls, and was only jarred out of his trance by something tug-
ging at his sleeve. It was a young man, about his age. "Come
on, we found another one," the interloper said.

The man led Nikolai to the kitchen of a farmhouse, where
two women sat, an old Russian woman with a pinched face who
exuded both bitterness and triumph, and a young woman of about
twenty, scared and shaking. They had found Jew, the old woman
said, and wanted Nikolai to take her away. He looked at the man
and the old crone, and walked over to the shaking young woman.
He took her by the arm and pulled her out the door of the house,
dragging her kicking and clawing and screaming to the nearest
side street. It was empty, but he could feel the burning hatred of
the old woman's eyes on his back.

Nikolai pulled his prisoner down a few blocks, then
shoved her into an empty house. He told her to watch care-
fully for any soldiers, and when she got the chance, to run.
Then, turning his back on her forever, Nikolai Dimitrius left
the house and down the street into another deserted alley.
There, he took out his revolver and shot himself.

Nikolai Dimitrius returned to Babi Yar to end his night-
mares. He knows that he cannot repair the damage he did,
but he has joined the Fallen Comrades, willing to help fight
against the Spectres that boil up from this part of the Tem-
pest. Nikolai has proven himself to be an able fighter, but his
dedication and fastidiousness can sometimes be a bit much
even for the Comrades.

Nature: Child
Demeanor: Fanatic
Circle: The Fallen Comrades
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Interrogation 2, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 3
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Lockpicking 1, Melee 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 1, Investigation 2, Law 2
Backgrounds: Artifact 1, Eidolon 1, Mentor 2, Status 1
Passions: Protect the Haunt and the wraiths (Duty) 5, Win
the confidence of the other Fallen Comrades (Desire for Re-
spect) 4
Arcanoi: Argos 2, Castigate 3, Lifeweb 2, Mnemosynis I
Fetters: The streets in Kiev where he walked his beat 5, The
alley where he blew his brains out 4, The station-house 2
Willpower: 8
Pathos: 7
Permanent Corpus: 9
Shadow: The Sophomore
Angst: 7
Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Shadow Call, Tainted Touch
Shadow Passions: Sabotage the Fallen Comrades (Treach-
ery) 4, Release Spectres from the Nihil (Rage) 3, Find the
spirit of the young woman Dimitrius saved and throw her to
Oblivion (Sadism) 3

Image: Nikolai Dimitrius is in his early 20s, with closely
cropped black hair and some vestigial evidence of baby fat in
his young face. He wears a policeman's uniform and cap, and
carries with him a very special Artifact, the armband he wore
as a member of the auxiliaries. It is a memory of the evil he
did that day — and the one instance of good. It is this memory
that strengthens him and pushes him forward.

Roleplaying Notes: You have attempted to sublimate all of
your nightmares into your duties with the Comrades, and as a
resultare very regimented and disciplined in your behavior. How-
ever, deep down inside you are hounded by the horrors of that
day, by the scene of the two dead orphans and the cold hatred of
the old woman. You hold on to the one instance of good you did
that day, saving that young woman, and often wonder what be-
came of her. Perhaps some day she will one day end up here.
Volunteer for practically any assignment; show the other wraiths
that you can be trusted, that you were once a symbol of right and
justice, and can be so again.

Captain Alexander Renko

Alexander Renko was born and grew up in Kiev. His fa-
ther and uncles had fought in Moscow with Lenin on Red
October, and as a boy Alexander loved to hear the men tell-
ing stories about the fight for freedom against the Tsar. The
old revolutionaries would get choked up with emotion over
honor and patriotism and the thrill of a righteous fight, and
Alexander always wished that one day he would be able to
fight for his beloved Mother Russia.

When he was old enough, Alexander Renko enlisted in
the Red Army. He was a bright young man and rose through
the ranks quickly, eventually being promoted to captain. He
was put in charge of a platoon of young soldiers, all from his
hometown of Kiev. Many of them had grown up together,
and arguing about the folks back home and whose family was
doing what and whose sister was the prettiest were frequent
occurrences in Renko's platoon. The soldiers' friendship and
loyalty blurred the levels of rank and made them a real fam-
ily, far more than the sum of their parts. When they were
shipped to the front, the men of Renko's platoon talked of
medals and packages from home, certain that they would re-
turn one day as heroes. None thought they could be killed.

Many of them died at the front, including Captain Renko.
Still, love and loyalty bound the Captain to his men. Rather
than leave immediately, Renko set out in search of his fallen
men. One by one, he located a small group of the boys from
Kiev, each wandering through the hellish Underworld in
search of understanding and companionship. Still full of piss
and vodka, the remnants of the old Red Army platoon reas-
sembled and began to make their way through the
Shadowlands, back to the hometown they loved more than
life. However, the Nazis advanced more quickly than the
ghosts of Renko's platoon walked, and the German army rolled
into Kiev well before Alexander Renko's little command did.

When Renko and his men finally came to the place of
their birth, they beheld a churning, fiery abomination. The
atmosphere was thick with pain and death, filled with the

endless wailing of 30,000 souls. The ghosts of old people and
children lamented and writhed in infernal hysteria. Even as
they gaped at the horror, Captain Renko and his men were
assaulted by a pack of whirling Spectres, and barely forced
them back into the pit they had sprung from, a gigantic, seeth-
ing hole at the base of the old Babi Yar ravine.

Looking at the chaos before him, Renko came upon the
figure of a young woman who had just entered the
Shadowlan: he lay motionless on the cold ground and was.
still covered in her amniotic Caul. He removed it from her,
and the freed woman began shrieking and screaming, telling

Renko the most horrible things — they were killing every-
one, she said, right there in the pit, look at them, for God's
sake. Alexander Renko turned to where the woman was ges-
turing and found that he could actually see through into the
real world. What he saw chilled him. The Germans had taken
Kiev, and were murdering its Jewish citizens, all of them, thou-
sands and thousands of them in an instant. Renko could see
it all like some horrible cinema: the beatings, the executions,
and the arrival of dozens of souls at a time. He could also see
Spectres and twisted monstrosities in the pit, rending open
the wraiths' Cauls and trying to devour as many as they could.
Instinctively, Renko marshaled his squad and started a coun-

ED ee
as we

With the battle ended, Alexander Renko could still see
into the Skinlands. He saw the smoky outlines of soldiers
chasing people through the streets, the Kiev police rounding
up Jews, the citizens of his home willfully handing their neigh-
bors over to the murderers. He was utterly furious at his towns-
people and utterly frustrated at what he could see and hear
and do nothing to stop. At that moment, Renko called his
men together and banded them together to form the Circle
of the Fallen Comrades. They pledged themselves to guard
the souls who would die in this massacre from the demons
who sought to kill them again. Captain Alexander Renko is
the leader of the Fallen Comrades. He and his men are the
main defenders of the Haunt at Babi Yar, the watchers over
the activities on the far side of the Shroud and the Nihil that
exists at the bottom of the dark pit.

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Director

Circle: The Fallen Comrades

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3,
Scan 3, Search 3

Skills: Blind Fighting 2, Camouflage 3, Climbing 1, Firearms
3, Heavy Weapons 2, Melee 3, Tracking 3

Knowledges: Area Knowledge 3, Bureaucracy 2, Military
Science 3, Poisons 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Eidolon 3, Notoriety 3
Passions: Guard the Haunt against Spectres (Duty) 5, Re-
unite the members of his squadron (Fraternal Devotion) 4,
Protect and help Diana Ryachev (Love) 3

Arcanoi: Castigate 5, Embody 4, Fatalism 3, Flux 2, Outrage
1

Fetters: The battlefield where he was killed 5, The house in
Kiev where he grew up 4

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 9

Permanent Corpus: 9

Shadow: The Perfectionist

Angst: 7

Thorns: Bad Luck, Dark Allies, Trick of the Light

Shadow Passions: Sacrifice all the Fallen Comrades to
Oblivion (Envy) 4, Destroy the Haunt and thereby erase the
shame of what the people of Kiev did (Rage) 3

rt
ope: The Shoah

Image: Alexander Renko is 26, but the war and the fight
in the Shadowlands make him look about a million years old.
He wears the traditional olive-drab coat with red epaulets
denoting an officer of the Red Army, and carries both a side-
arm and a short automatic weapon slung over his shoulder.
Renko is a caring man, but stern with those under his com-
mand. His responsibility is too great for it to be otherwise

Roleplaying Notes: You believe that fate brought you
and the Fallen Comrades back to this place, not only to keep
the Spectres at bay, but to atone in some manner for the cow-
ardice and cruelty exhibited by your townsfolk. That statue
in the distance, you secretly think, is justice served to the
murderers who destroyed your town and its people.

You are protective of your brothers in arms, but espe-
cially of Diana, and are always on the alert for some scrap of
information about her parents. Remain professional and alert;
You are the first and last line of defense, and know well that
Oblivion never goes on furlough. You are often seen standing
solo watch over the pit and the Nihil, willing to sacrifice your-
self if need be for the safety of the Haunt.

Marta Karinska

Marta Karinska grew up poor and remained so all her
life. She lived on a small farm in the outlying regions of Kiev
with her husband, an abusive boor who drank himself to death
in their 16th year of marriage. This left Marta and her nine-
year-old son to eke out some sort of living on a patch of ne-
glected acreage that produced negligible harvests. She and
the boy had little produce left over for sale after filling their
own needs, and they were rarely able to get any sort of good
price for her crops in the local Jewish markets in town. Marta
Karinska cursed her husband for wasting his life and theirs,
and she cursed the Jewish shopowners who refused to offer
worthwhile prices to her. It wasn't her fault that the harvest
was bad, so why should she suffer?

For years, Marta and her son Ivan tilled the rough land,
trying to keep from losing everything, and still the cheap Jews
in the city would not give her decent money for her crops.
They care only about their fat wallets, Marta said. They're the
ones who are killing us, she told her son. What right do they have
to take the bread out of our mouths? Since when did their precious
gold become more important than us good Ukrainians?

Marta was in the city the day the notice of deportation
was posted, and couldn't be happier. They were finally mov-
ing the Jews out, she told herself. Now, maybe, she could make
ends meet a little easier. The next morning she sent her son
into town to run some errands while the mass exodus of Jews
was underway. Ivan came running back to the farmhouse

nearly out of breath. They weren't sending the Jews away, he
told Marta. They were just killing them all, at the ravine at
the end of Melnik Street. Marta couldn't believe the news —
and she couldn't believe her luck. The Germans were really
taking care of things in Kiev, she thought.

As she pondered this, Marta heard a noise coming from
the shed in back of the farmhouse. She and Ivan went out
back and found a young woman, a little younger than Ivan,
trying to hide there. Marta demanded to know where she had
come from. She said that she had been on her way back to
Kiev from digging trenches a long way away, and had spent
the night in the shed. Marta was not convinced. The tres-
passer was a Jew, she decided, and she deserved no better than the
rest of them. Marta grabbed the young woman and marched
her into the kitchen and sent Ivan off to find the nearest po-
liceman. Ivan came back quickly, having found an auxiliary
right away.

Marta told the policeman that they had caught a Jew
hiding out in their shed, and asked him to take the Jew away
and shoot her. The policeman looked at the trembling young
woman, and at Marta Karinska. Marta saw something in the
young soldier's look, something that bespoke fright and dis-
gust at her and her son. This was not what she had expected.
She grew indignant, snapping at the policeman to get the

Jewish scum out of her house. He looked at Marta again, cat
took the young woman by the arm and dragged her outside,
taking her down the main road toward Kiev. And even as she
saw him pulling the Jew along, Marta Karinska knew that he
wasn't going to do anything with her.

Marta Karinska died after the war, a horrid and bitter
woman full of spite and anger at the world. When she reached
the Shadowlands, her hatred for the Jews and anger at the
coward policeman pulled her quickly to Oblivion. Flounder-
ing in the Tempest only a few short years after her death, she
became a Nephwrack. Denied what she thought was justice
in life, Marta is determined to wreak havoc upon the assembled
communities at Babi Yar. Half a century later, she is still un-
able to let go of the hate she was so consumed with in life.
Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Conniver
Caste: Nephwrack
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Intimidation 4, Subter-
fuge 1
Skills: Crafts 1, Melee 1, Performance 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 2, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Eidolon 2, Notoriety 1
Dark Passions: Destroy the stinking Jews (Fanaticism) 5, Use
the negativity in the atmosphere to tear open a new Nihil
(Destruction) 3, Lead as many wraiths into Oblivion as you
can (Rage) 3, Corrupt Nikolai Dimitrius and make him fin-
ish the job he failed at (Hate) 3
Arcanoi: Contaminate 3, Hive-Mind 2, Tempest-Weaving 3
Fetters: None
Being (Fanaticism): 8
Permanent Corpus: 6
Angst: 7
Psyche: The Confessor
Psyche Passions: Help Marta realize that the Jewish wraiths
are not the real target of her hatred (Hope) 5, Reunite Marta
with her son Ivan and use the bonds of family to achieve her
Redemption (Love) 4
Fronds: Guilt, Mirror

Image: Marta is a woman of late middle age, strong from
working the land. Her face is ratlike and fanged, the product
of Oblivion's effects and years of living in a shell of hate and
spite and loneliness. She is often seen skulking around the
soulforged statue at Babi Yar, feeding off the negativity di-
rected toward what the sculpture represents.


Roleplaying Notes: The Jews are still around, and they're
playing those soldiers for patsies. Even better, that little runt
of a policeman is with them. How fortunate. All the links are
now in one chain, and all you have to do is find the weakest
one. You can do it. You've got time on your side, and you can
feel the power of their rage coursing through you, swelling
up, invigorating you and the others of your caste, ready to
burst through the Nihil and destroy everything in sight...not
yet, though. Not yet. Let them settle themselves, let the Jews
think that they're finally in control. Then you will strike.

Melki Somokov

Melchizedek Sornokov, known to everyone as Melki, was
a tailor from Chernigov, a town to the north of Kiev. He was
arrested by an advancing German squad and transported toa
concentration camp near Kiev called Syretsk. There, Melki
was given a hard labor detail. He had been in the camp for
almost a year when the commandant put Melki in a select
group of over three hundred men and handed them over toa
visiting group of SS soldiers.

The prisoners were herded into the backs of trucks and
driven out of the camp. They arrived a short while later in a
clearing on the outskirts of Kiev, where the SS had brought
in bulldozers and other large clearing equipment. As Sornokov
watched, the machines rumbled forward and took the top layer
of soil from a large section of terrain. The digging had ex-
posed a giant hole filled with hundreds of bodies, most of them

ss

in advanced stages of rot and decomposition. Other bulldoz-
ers were doing the same thing all over the ravine, unearthing
several mass graves.

Along with two dozen other men, Melki Sornokov was
ordered to climb down into the pits and bring up the remains
of all the dead. The prisoners were to drag the piles of rotting,
infested flesh over to several huge bonfires that were burning
nearby, and do so until all of the pits had been emptied and
all of the corpses had been reduced to ash.

Sornokov and the rest of the prisoners exhumed the con-
tents of the graves in their entirety. For nearly six weeks, Melki
Sornokov dug up thousands of human beings, thousands of
his people. He saw each face, swollen and slimy with decay.
He saw each blackened joint, the grin of each skull. Breath-
ing nothing but the repulsive odor of death, he carried hun-
dreds of bodies out of the ground, maggots covering his limbs
and the smoke from the pyres stinging his eyes. Each night
the men were marched into a small cave cut out of the ravine
and locked inside, and left alone with their nightmares. No-
body spoke of the day's work, or of the morrow. Melki and the
test of the men who worked the same pit knew exactly what
they were doing: destroying the evidence of Nazi barbarism.

The pits were finally cleared in late September. On the
29th, the men were told that they would be shot in the mom-
ing, to silence any witnesses. Melki and the others in his work
crew decided that they had to escape. Someone had to live to
tell the world about what had happened here. That night,
Melki Sornokov and his fellow workers smashed open the lock
on the cave opening and took off across the ravine. It was a
foggy night, and the sounds of German exclamatives and gun-
shots came from every direction. Melki Sornokov was hit in
the knee by a stray bullet and fell to the earth, unable to go
any further. The next morning, he and a few others who had
attempted escape were shot by a firing squad.

Once in the Shadowlands, Melki Sornokov had to see
what had become of the place where he had been forced to
erase the truth. The sight of Babi Yar and its dark hills and
fires did not surprise him. Here was the evidence he had la-
bored so hard to destroy, and a part of him was glad that some-
where it remained. Eager to restore the memories he had been
forced to erase, Melki soon aligned himself with the Mend-
ers. Now he works to ease the destruction in the Shadowlands
while attempting to restore the memory of the truth in the
minds of the Quick.

Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Conformist
Circle: The Menders

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4


Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Awareness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Guile 2
Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 2, Meditation 2, Repair 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Genealogy 1, Linguistics 2, Theol-
ogy 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Eidolon 2, Memoriam 2, Status 1,
Wealth 2

Passions: Assist the Menders in keeping the memories of Babi
Yar alive (Duty) 4, Find forgiveness from the wraiths for what
he was forced to do (Desire for Acceptance) 3

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Embody 2, Flux 1, Keening 1, Puppetry 1,
Usury 2

Fetters: Babi Yar 4, The camp at Syretsk 4, His old tailor
shop 2

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 8

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shadow: The Paranoid

Angst: 6

Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Infamy, Freudian Slip

Shadow Passions: Convince Sornokov that the entire Circle
resents him for his part in the massacre (Fear) 4, Take advan-
tage of Sornokov's discomfort and lure him into Oblivion
(Confusion) 3

Image: Melki Sornokov is in his early fifties, slightly
shorter than average and mostly bald. He is dressed in the
striped tunic and pants of a prisoner, with broken shackles
around his legs. Although Melki is relatively strong, his Cor-
pus is bony and emaciated. His visage reflects the palpable
thinness of undernourishment so prevalent in a concentra-
tion camp.

Roleplaying Notes: What you saw of Babi Yar in the
Shadowlands you considered almost fitting symbolism at first,
but you have since learned that nothing in this world of the
dead is symbolic. It is both very real and eternal. You've al-
ways been a decent and God-fearing man, and are uneasy about
the extremist opinions carried by some of the wraiths in the
local Circles. You are especially concerned with the existence
of that statue; nothing good can come of its presence, and
you're sure that whoever created it has more malfeasance up
his sleeve.

Although you are a real member of the Menders and have
truly been accepted by them, you still cannot shake the
strained behavior patterns you exhibit around your fellow
wraiths. Perhaps this is because you very likely pulled many
of their bodies out of the ground and destroyed them. This
discomfort has led you to entertain thoughts of leaving the

Circle, perhaps to go over to the Fallen Comrades, or to eae
the Haunt altogether.

Sergei Pravdovich

Sergei Pravdovich was only 12 years old when the Ger-
man army rolled into Kiev, but the memories of the Nazi po-
grom just outside the city limits haunted him all his life. He
started a homemade diary to record what happened those two
days in September 1941, and continuously added to its pages
as the killings continued. No one knew of this diary's exist-
ence, not even his parents, and he kept it hidden even after
the Nazis retreated from the city. After the war, Sergei talked
to those who survived the massacres and the SS reign of ter-
tor. Very few people spoke about those days, but those who
did were very open with Sergei. These stories, too, he wrote
down in his tattered diary. With such a weight of evidence in
his hands, Sergei realized that he and his generation were
saddled with the burden of remembering and mourning the
dead. The only way to accord those who were sacrificed the
proper respect, he decided, was to tell the truth.

The Russia of Joseph Stalin, however, was not interested
in letting the truth come out. Sergei held onto his diary until
Stalin's death and Khrushchev came to power. Then, as a jour-
nalist living in Kiev, Sergei Pravdovich began to write from
his diary about the horrors at Babi Yar, demanding that the
thousands of Jews who had been murdered there be somehow
memorialized. He met obstacles at every turn. Censor boards
rejected his essays and articles referring to the massacre of
Jews. Sergei was eventually fired from the paper he worked
for, but continued to speak out about the injustice that the
Soviet government was inflicting upon the memory of the
dead. The future was too important for the truth of the past
to be buried like this, Sergei Pravdovich kept proclaiming.

Sergei endured criticism from his neighbors and harass-
ment by the police for years. His audiences grew smaller, as
people did not want to risk angering the powers of the state,
but still Sergei fought on. Eventually, there came what he
thought was a triumph. Over 30 years after the horrors at Babi
Yar, the Brezhnev government acquiesced to putting up a
monument on the site of the massacre, commemorating those
who had fallen. When it was unveiled, Sergei Pravdovich was
furious at the blatant doctoring of the truth the monolith rep-
resented. In the back booths of bars and the front pages of
underground pamphlets he ranted and raved, bent on expos-
ing this travesty for what it was. He changed few minds, but
was loud enough to attract some unwelcome attention with
his protests. This would prove to be Sergei's undoing.

The KGB had been following Sergei for some time, and
arrested him at the foot of the monument as he attempted to


deface it one November night. The former journalist was
charged with slander against the state and activities inimical
to the Soviet Union, and his trial was a travesty. Shipped to
an eastern gulag, Sergei perished there.

In the Shadowlands, Sergei Pravdovich could not allow
his crusade to end. Mile by frozen mile, he made his way back
to Kiev, only to discover the horror that Babi Yar had be-
come. The first thing Sergei saw upon his return home was
the Shroud-hazed monument, its damned cast of darkened
metal mocking the mass of humanity butchered at Babi Yar.
The second was the sickening glow from the mouth of the
Nihil.

Appalled, Sergei joined the Menders, and has become
instrumental in the dissemination of information from Babi
Yar to other Covenant sites. He has also consumed himself
with the idea of working through the Shroud, hoping to make
the living remember. It is his dream someday to make the me-
morial in the Skinlands a memorial of truth.

Nature: Critic

Demeanor: Driven

Circle: The Menders

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Diplomacy 2, Expression 4, Instruction 2, Intrigue
2, Search 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Fast-Talk 2, Leadership 2, Misdirection 1,
Storytelling 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, History 2, Investigation 2, Jour-
nalism 5, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Artifact (Pravdovich's diary) 2,
Eidolon 4, Notoriety 3, Status 4

Passions: Stick up for the community among the other free
camps and the Hierarchy (Loyalty) 5, Provide a catalyst for
the Menders (Desire for Respect) 4

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Embody 3, Outrage 3, Mnemosynis 3, Phan-
tasm 2

Fetters: The gulag 5, The monument in the Skinlands 4
Willpower: 9

Pathos: 9

Permanent Corpus: 8

Shadow: The Workaholic

Angst: 8

Thorns: Shadow Life, Spectre Prestige

Shadow Passions: Seize the leadership of the Circle and lead
a real crusade for the Haunt's rights against the other Holo-

caust communities (Megalomania) 4, Fill Pravdovich with
despair at his failures and make him succumb to Oblivion
(Fear) 3, Discredit the younger, braver leader of the Fallen
Comrades, Alexander Renko (Envy) 1

Image: Sergei Pravdovich appears to be in his late 40s,
with sandy, unkempt hair and piercing green eyes. He dresses
in a rumpled dark suit and shirt with his tie hanging askew —
the epitome of Iron Curtain haute couture. Pradovich is a pas-
sionate speaker, who holds forth to the members of his Circle
with a booming voice and sweeping gesticulations.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a man possessed by the spirit
of injustice done to the memory of the wraiths at Babi Yar,
and this obsession has colored your opinions about the other
Circles of Holocaust victims. You consider the Babi Yar Haunt
to be your new homeland, and can be very jingoistic about
the importance of its objectives over those of the many other
free camps. For this you've drawn criticism from many in the
Circle. Stick to your guns — the other camps have their own
problems. What matters to you is the memory of what hap-
pened here.


A

Soy ideas

¢ Nikolai is convinced that he has found the woman
whom he let escape, and asks the characters to accompany
him in locating her and bringing her back to Babi Yar. The
group sets off, but has been spotted by Marta, who has gotten
wind of the plan from Nikolai's Shadow and believes this to
be the perfect opportunity to try and destroy him.

¢ Diana approaches the characters and asks them to ac-
company her to the Kiev Necropolis proper, claiming she has
received a possible lead on the whereabouts of her parents.
The group arrives in Kiev to pursue the trail, but meet a cold

Lukjaniwka Cemetery
Jewish Cemetery
Other Cemetery
Melnik Street

Gate to the Ghetto/Kiev Border
Babi Yar Ravine

Rep'yakhov Yar

Lukjaniwka Freight Station
Monument

=H rOMMOOw>

Kiev

seeeeees train lines

© © © routes of Jews to Babi Yar

reception from the local wraiths, who are convinced that the
Babi Yar dybbuks are plotting to destroy the Necropolis.

¢ A wraith never before seen in Babi Yar makes his way
inside the barbed wire perimeter. Nikolai immediately recog-
nizes him as Ivan Karinska, the son of the spiteful old woman
in the farmhouse that fateful day. The former policeman has
been watching for Marta to reappear, and asks the characters
to help use Ivan as bait to draw her out, allowing him to rid
the Haunt of her once and for all. Melki is opposed to the use
of Ivan in this way, and attempts to convince the characters
to assist him in finding a way to reach Marta's Psyche instead.
The characters must choose between the two options — and
who knows what Marta's ghost will say about all of this?

bi Ya


We are told that the American soldier does not
know what he is fighting for. Now, at least he will
know what he is fighting against.

— General Dwight David Eisenhower, upon
liberating the death camps

fi) RBEIT MACHT FREI.

Work will make you free.

This motto, emblazoned in iron over
a gate in southern Poland, greeted over
two million men, women and children
labeled "criminals" and "subhumans" by
the lords of the Third Reich. Of these forc-
ibly displaced immigrants, the overwhelming majority would
not reemerge through that gate alive.

Behind the
(swiect
Auschwitz-Birkenau

y Robert Hatch

For they had come to Auschwitz, greatest slaughterhouse of
the 20th century, and the only way to freedom was "up the chim-
ney": their corpses stripped of resources valuable to the Reich,
hurled into crematorium ovens and carbonized to ash, then un-
ceremoniously dumped into the swamps and bogs of the Vistula.

Here two million people were systematically murdered.
They were murdered with guns, with flame, with phenol in-
jections, toxic gas and phosphorus bombs. Some died from
disease, overwork, starvation, or the blows of a kapo's trun-

SSNZZ

cheon. They were forced to separate from their families, forced
to strip naked in public, forced to stand rigidly at attention
for days at a time, forced to work barefoot in blizzards, forced
to participate in sadistic tortures dubbed "medical experi-
ments" by the Reich, forced to watch their children burn;
but, frankly, such atrocities were tertiary. When all was said
and done, when all the obscenities were hurled and the in-
dignities were suffered and the horrors were inflicted, every-
one died. Kaput. Up the chimney.

For really, when the final tally is made, murder is all that
Auschwitz was about. It was not, strictly speaking, a concen-
tration camp; that term implies a focus on incarceration —
the possibility, however slight, of reform, of eventual release,
of "freedom through work." There was no hope of that in
Auschwitz. According to Nazi ideology, prisoners here were
biologically incapable of reform; no one was released from
this most secret of camps, and the fact that a prisoner was
willing and able to work remained relevant only insofar as it
postponed the inevitable. Once a prisoner passed under the
gates, had his head shaved and had his tattoo number inscribed
in the camp records, he was effectively under sentence of
death. Some prisoners ran the race better than others, but all
were essentially working toward the same end — the same
final freedom.

And so let us call Auschwitz-Birkenau what it was, and
is: a death camp. A murder camp.

Auschwitz ceased its wholesale slaughter in 1945, but its
tuins stand today, a memorial museum in Poland and the single
largest Necropolis in the Western Shadowlands. Those who
visit the museum, even 50 years later, complain of an eerie
ambience, a palpable sense of oppression and apprehension.
And they are correct, for neither time nor death has dimmed
the rage, hate and pain of Auschwitz's incorporeal residents.

Postwar Jews have concocted an ironic joke concerning
the fate of European Jewry: The pessimists went into exile; the
optimists went to the death camps. And most postwar survivors
concede that to stay alive in the jaws of Auschwitz, one had
to cultivate a certain mental and emotional exile, a certain
callousness — indeed, a self-centered will to live that bor-
dered on the vicious. Those who tried to retain their higher
natures (or, God forbid, expected others to do so!), who re-
fused to fight for that extra potato or that crust of moldy bread,
who refused to look the other way when their bunkmate was
brutalized, who refused to step on the heads of typhus pa-
tients in their struggle for the latrine — well, they died.

Auschwitz's Dead know this doubly well, for a great many
of them were on the receiving end of someone else's struggle
for survival. Most of Auschwitz's Dead have taken that last

memory — the rifle butt splitting their skull, the slab of sau-
sage wrested from their enervated fingers by another prisoner,
the treachery that got them ousted from a survivable camp
job in favor of a rival — and cradled it to their incorporeal
bosoms, nurturing the pain as they did the babies whom were
stripped from them and sent to the gas.

As in life, so in death. And thus, despite the best efforts
of a few, Auschwitz today is a seething hive of hate, hope-
lessly compromised by Spectres. It remains to be seen if work
will truly liberate Auschwitz's dybbuks — or if Oblivion will
prove their only freedom.

A History of Hell

Mein freund! Es geht immer weiter, immer weiter! (My
friend, it goes on and on, on and on....)

— Dr. Josef Mengele, in a reflective mood, from Dr.
Miklos Nyizsli's Auschwitz

1940 — Mandate for Murder

n the spring of 1940, Reichsfithrer
Himmler decided on the construction of
a concentration camp in the conquered
nation of Poland. The selected locale
rested in the marshy tracts surrounding the
Vistula River, on the site of what had been
an Austrian stables and barracks. These
barracks lay close to the Polish town of Osweicim (German-
ized to "Auschwitz"), and thus did the institution that was to
become the greatest slaughterhouse of the Western world de-
tive its name.

4

2)

To accomplish this task, Himmler appointed a gray, bland,
banal functionary whom accounts have described as resem-
bling a clerk or grocer. But this man, Rudolph Héss, was him-
self former prison inmate, had served in Sachenhausen camp,
and well understood the dynamics of running a concentra-
tion facility. Under Héss' direction Auschwitz would evolve
from a stables housing a few hundred riffraff to the world's
largest killing center — and Héss himself would become no-
torious as the greatest mass murderer in history.

But all that lay in the future. The Wannsee Conference,
wherein the Third Reich passed sentence on all European
Jews, had not yet been held; thus, the camp was intended to
hold Polish political prisoners. After Hiss had inspected the
site, his subordinate, Rapportfiihrer Gerhard Palitzch, arrived
with Auschwitz's first 30 prisoners — hardened German crimi-


Auschwitz and Sty

The truth about Auschu There is no person who
could tell the whole muth a
Josef Cyrancewize, premier of Poland and former

Auschwitz prisoner

uschwit

The name has left the blue and
withered lips of more than one
| Deathlord, as in their council cham

her, a Moliated pointer glides

wlands

em Poland. The name has appeared in Chanteurs' songs

And

with alarming frequency in Oracles' predictions

frankly, the Deathlords don't know what to d

For the Deathlords rule the Stygian Empire, and to

secure their territory they must maintain at least a modi

cum of control over those Necropoli within the Kingdom

of lron's geographic purview i

' Auschwits unquestion

tally, as souls

phabitant of

cal"), the wraith population incr

trickle in over the generations. The average

icity, even the most violent, dies a relatively peaceful and
untroubled death, orat the very least isnot wrenched from
life untulfilled. And thus can the Hierarchy patiently seru

tinize those few rara aves who become Re Dead, and

diservetly plant its agents according!

nals all. P:

, Bruno Brodniewicz, was appointed "camp senior" and be-
came a great crony of Palitzch.) Thus began the dominance
of the green triangles in Auschwitz, a dominance that lasted
through the camp's history and contributed in no small fas
ion to the future inmates' mi

Seven-hundred and twenty-eight Polish prisoners were
transferred to the nascent camp in short order, and more
steadily trickled in thereafter. Naturally, someone had to keep
an eye on these criminals, and so the original 15
swiftly supplemented by 100 more. In time, the SS would
number over 3,000, and the barracks would become sprawl-

In Auschwitz — in 19 square miles of territory

two million people were slaughtered over the span of a
mere five years. Most of these victims were torn from
loved ones or forced to watch them slain, put to death
in painful and humiliating ways, or slaughtered for of
tenses that can best be described as nonsensical; a gro
tesquely disproportionate number of victims were chil
dren or adolescents, snuffed into death before having a
chance to discover life

In other words, Auschwitz was a breeding ground
for the Restless Dead. More wraiths emerged during one
selektion than are "born" during an average generation
in a European city. The dead fed on the memories of

their living relatives, who joined them soon enough;

relic buildings and goods sprang up like fungi after rain,
ind any hope of gradual Hierarchy control summarily
fell apart in an Oblivion-tainted blitzkrie:

And so today, Stygian intelligence agencies fearfully
of the Dead to

he Western world, and the

reck « the second-largest

on the Camy
Necropolis ir

largest in the West
er Shadowlands. Behind Auschwitz' screaming winds, hiss
ing fencesand soulforged barbed wire may well squat the great
est potential military threat the Kingdom of Iron has ever
of angry, vengeful wraiths
And, the Deathlords muse

ut that Auschwit

faced: tens of thousands —at least

Jeed, wraiths they still ar
irneed not be pointed
wraith, Spectre or hybrid thereof, cannot be expected to lox

ing dens of vice, where German guards feasted, smoked and

drank themselves sick on food, tobacco and viands stolen from
the dead.
As the population grew, so did the buildin;

crematorium — formerly a munitions bunker

The

chimney above the Sola marshes, swiftly followed by the pun-
ishment block — the infamous Block 11. And punishment
was indeed in the works — the first executions of Polish po-
litical prisoners took place there on the 22nd of November.

As of 1940's end, 7879 prisoners had been interred at
Auschwitz. By 1945, out of two million who passed through
the camp's gates, only a few thousand still lived.

Behind the Wire: 95
Oswiecim (Auschwitz-Birkenau)


—

ee
ESD

Lebensraum

hwitz barrack
pped by
en tar-paper. It was model

lesigned to house 50

vtin
ind in normal use, each such stables was
horses. Into this space the

vitwasallowed
11 bunks stacked three
and so vicious fights broke out

bit, kicked and clawed their

1a desperate attempt

Sleep — forthe three]!

high. Three

‘on bunk,

n each
one-pers
among mers, whi
neighk

centimeter

obtain an
Those w

had to sleep on the floor

tra

or two of space lost these
trugel
Sanitary facilities were

had to crawl

reach the

at best a joke. Pris
f hundreds of o

Even this

er the bodies

mates t latrine

problematic, as it was not unknown for

men to come upon prisoners so occupied and, i

firth, s the pissand shit. A

led in and out of the bar

them bodily int

if too many pe
Joor—therely the block senior — she
leclare the bathrooms forbidder
IL or afraid to u

[As the

me r 1

inn
simpl
re latrine
Jed themse would use t
ut their meag

Naturally, under such conditions, prison and

ner hygiene deteriorated in short order. Most

prise
prisoners' bodies disintegrated into canvases
boil-ridden skin and br

bones, and the pris

hare their barracks with

rot unknown

rats, lice and other vermin. It wa:

fora pack of rats to assault a dying prisoner, blo

from a beating, in the middle of the night

1941 — The Perfection of Slaughter

The year started off well for Héss and the SS. Following
meetings with executives of the I.G. Farben Company, the
SS made an agreement to supply slave workers for construc-
tion of I.G. Farben factories in the nearby town of Buna. (To
provide room for the operation, Auschwitz personnel deported
the area's Jews.) IG. Farben agreed to pay a wage of four

Reichsmarks per day for skilled workers and three for unskilled
workers. The wage was paid to the SS, of course, not to the
workers themselves.

Work usually lasted 12 hours a day — after the prisoners'
four-hour roll call. This labor was performed on 1,500 calo-
ties a day and three to four hours' sleep. Prisoners were ex-
pected to march to and from their jobs — often several kilo-
meters' distance — and, to prevent idle hands making mis-
chief, prisoners had to carry five bricks with them on the re-
turn trip (which was made in march step).

Special projects were undertaken by penal companies —
gangs of prisoners singled out for special punishments. Penal com-
panies worked on the camp's most grueling projects, such as toil-
ing in gravel pits and digging canals. Work continued all day
long, even during other prisoners' (admittedly inadequate) lunch
breaks and rest periods, and, lest the prisoners shirk their duties,
the most sadistic kapos oversaw the penal laborers. Those who
collapsed or could not keep up were beaten to death by these
kapos — and the pace of labor was deliberately designed to in-
duce such collapse. Essentially, assignment to the penal com-
pany constituted a prolonged death sentence.

So impressive was the nascent camp's operation — and
so sweeping were Nazi gains in Eastern Europe — that
Reichsfithrer Himmler, following a visit to the camp, ordered
the facilities enlarged to house 30,000 prisoners. Furthermore,
Himmler ordered the construction of a sister camp in the town
of Brzezinka (Germanized to Birkenau), which would hold
no fewer than 100,000 prisoners of war. These prisoners,
Himmler decreed, would work tirelessly for the betterment of
the Nazi juggernaut — laboring in fields of agriculture, indus-
try, crafts, and above all, munitions.

But even as the High Command made plans for those pris-
oners fit and able to work, it concocted darker fates for those not
so fortunate. Though the Wannsee Conference had yet to take
place, the first sprouts of what would become the Final Solution
began poking through the Lager's bloodstained soil.

The killings started slowly, tentatively, like a new lover's
first bashful caresses. The first to die were a contingent of the
ill and disabled, who were shipped to a mental hospital in
Kénigstein and gassed with carbon monoxide. This proved
successful enough that other ailing prisoners began to be
murdered, but via injections of various chemicals — benzine,
phenol, evipan and hydrogen peroxide — into the heart. Fi-
nally, as an experiment, a group of 250 sick prisoners and 600
Russian POWs were herded into the bowels of Auschwitz's
Block 11 and gassed with Zyklon B.

At about this time the SS began mass executions, shoot-
ing prisoners in the back of the neck with using small-caliber


Roll call.

Remember it? It was a fairly harmless activity,

wol functions went. You, along with the other
kids, listened for your name (or not), and when it
was called you said, "Here" or "Present" or whatever
There were maybe 20 to 30 other kids in your class,
and so roll call took about three to five minutes.

Auschwitz also had its roll call — the appel

1 from our sheltered position it is hard to imagine
why thisactivity wasamong the most dreaded of eamp
institutions, But then, our roll call took place in a
heated classroom, not outdoors at 4 A.M., rain orshine,
during temperatures that plummeted well below zero.
We had a couple of dozen persons to account for, not
tens of thousands — and so our roll calls did not take
hours ata time. Nor did we have to stand rigidly, tor
turously at attention through the whole ordeal — and
(one would hope) we were not randomly beaten by
the club-wielding sadists calling our names.

Everyone had to he accounted for — even those
who had died in the night. Their naked corpses were
hauled to the appel and held stiffly upright by their
fellows until such time as the dead were duly regis.
tered and crossed off the camp rolls. Ifeven a single
prisoner remained unaccounted for, no one could
leave — and if-a prisoner had escaped, the entire
company stood there, in a military rictus, until the
fugitive was apprehended. (Those who stumbled,

voided themselves, ete., were usually beaten to

death.) One such roll call lasted 20 hours — in the |

middle of a Polish winter.

bullets. These murders were carried out at the wall between
Blocks 10 and 11, later known as the "Wall of Death."

In retrospect, however, perhaps the most ominous event
of 1941 was the initial construction of the Birkenau
camp, where the vast majority of the camp's gas-murders would
take place. Construction of Birkenau started in October 1941,
tight as winter began to howl over the Polish plains. Befitting
its role as a death camp, Birkenau began to claim victims even
before its completion, as the debilitated prisoners participat-
ing in its construction expired in droves from starvation, ex
haustion, cold and illness.

Behind the Wire
Oswiecim (Auschwite-Birkenau)


LAS
SLD

In its five years of operation Auschwite-Birkenau em

braced staggering variety of prisoners. Jews, Socialists, Com

munists, murderers, thieves, sex offenders, Jehovah's Wit
nesses, Russian soldiers, Gypsies and a host of other "unde
sirables" passed under the gates marked ARBEIT MACHT
FREI

ultimately faced the spectre of the chimney

All suttered, all were brutalized by the guards, and all

But even among the lowest-common-denominator in
habitants ofa concentration camp, not all the victims were
condemned equally; the everorderly servants of the Third
Reich took meticulous pains to categorize the enemies of
the state according to their precise transgressions

Auschwitz, of course, distinguished its prisoners by fore
ibly tattooing their serial numbers on their left forearms, but
in addition adopted the practice, ubiquitous to all KZs, of
classifying the inmates according to the specific infraction
they had committed against the state. These categories were
delineated by triangles of various colors sewn onto the left
breast and right trouser leg of each prisoner's uniform.

Political prisoners — those deemed enemies of the Nazi
philosophy and state — wore a red triangle, symbolizing
Communism (though by no means were all political prison
ers Communists). Various left-wing and other antifascist party
members, as well as members of the underground in occu
pied nations, were punished by internment in the death
camps. The reds constituted the majority of the camp resis
tance movement, and they waged a vicious struggle with
the greens for control of camp institutions that offered their
members a higher likelihood of survival

Criminals — German or otherwise

were marked
with the green triangle, The first 20 prisoners, who were
rewarded with positions in the prison hierarchy, were
Accordingly, the Auschwit

greens. prison government

was largely a tool of the greens — often (though not al
ways) a vicious pack of robbers, murderers and. rapists,
The SS favored the lars

so very different, after all), and the greens returned the

ly Aryan greens (they were nor

kindness" by using their status as kapos to terrorize and

brutalize the other prisoners, especially the Jews

Related to the criminals, but not deemed so much,

thr
the *

y were the wearers of the black triangle: the "asocials,

hiftless elements" — a motley swarm of alcoholics,
wifcheaters, pimps, petty thieves, prostitutes, gigolosand the
like. The blacks, like the greens, were often German citizens
imprisoned for nonpolitical crimes, and thus were consider
ably cozier with the SS than their fellows were

Other colors included the pink triangle, used to de

note homosexuals; the purple triangle, signifying

charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah

<L—_S
ELIE

Colors

ZO

ae

Jehovah's Witnesses; and the brown triangle, for Gyp-

Male homosexuals were treated particularly abomi
nably, even by the standards of camp inmates. (Even the
Jews abused them.) They were assigned to the worst of
the penal detailsand even made to shovel snow with their
hare hands. Camp personnel made efforts to "cure" the

um-fuckers" by foreing them to perform in the camp
brothels, Should this "therapy" not produce results, other
a broomstick shoved

methods were employed — ineludiny

into the "offender's" anus, often leadir

o rupturing and
lethal hemorth

vu. Ironically, child molesters, rapists
and other sex criminals were clsified as green or black
triangles, and thus occupied a considerably higher place
on the KZ status chain than did consenting

u gays,

Jews, of course, were the objects of the Reich's spe
cial attention, and as such were foreed to wear a yellow
triangle in addition to any of the other classification tri

id inverted in relation to it, thus forming the

ingles. This triangle was worn under the classification

trian

six-pointed Star of David. Naturally, Jews were at the

t order (though cer

tain skilled Jews could better their lot just like all the

absolute nadir of the camp peckir

other prisoners). They suffered mercilessly ar the hands
of kapos, who liked to demonstrate their slavish devo-
tion to the SS by beating up any "fucking Jew" in reach.

Sadly, prisoners vented more hate upon prisoners of
other triangles than they did upon their captors. Rage
that could have heen reserved for an uprising against the

SS was directed at the more vulnerable members of an

opposing group. The reds hated the greens; the German

prisoners hated the Jews; the Slovaks despised the Hun-

arians; and, above all, the old concentrationaries held
the sugangi (new arrivals) in utmost contempt. Each group
clawed and maneuvered its members into positions in
the camp hierarchy — even if doing so meant condemn-
ing other prisoners to the gas.

Even more sadly, it was this system of categorization,
moreso than the machine guns or the electrified wire, that kept
the terror machinery of Auschwitz well oiled. Hiss himself
admitted in his memoirs, "In the concentration camp, the ti-
valries were passionately maintained by the camp administra-
tion and constantly fanned in order to prevent any strong move-
Without the help of
these rivalries, it would have been impossible to keep thou-

ment of solidarity among the prisoners...

sands of prisoners in harness no matter how strong the camp
leadership... ‘Divide and conquer' is used not only in high
polities, but also in the operation of'a concentration camp."


The Soviet Prisoners

the Nazi blitzkrieg in the East, and so the camp ¢
similated Russian prisoners of war, Approximately 1

By the summer of 1942, only a few hundred remainec
The fare of these POWs was ghastly even by the stan
Is of Auschwitz. Nazi captors force-marched the prison
rom the front without food. Instead, at intervals
the march, the POWs were turned loose in fields and "per
mitted" to gorge on mice, worms and whatever else they
could scrounge. Not surprisingly, they arrived at Auschwit
is emaciated skeletons.

At this point, the merciful Nazis immediately put them

to work

fl

ind, again not surprisingly, the death rate el

evated stratospherically. Many Russians dropped dead at

their work, even as they crammed turnig

their mouths; others simply staggered aly

starved even to consume the food given to them. The worst

{ the Russians' suffering came during the building «

Birkenau, in the winter of 1941. Forced to trudge half-na
eh knee-deep mire in freezing weather, even t

healthiest of the Russians succumbed to pneumonia, heart

failure and other fatal ailments.
on each other

Cases of cannibalism were endemic among the POWs, and

Nazis to find a half

Some Russians survived by "scroungi

it was a common occurrence for

1H - The Final Solution

With the "discovery" of Zyklon B, Hiss quick
he had hit on something. Execution by Zyklon B was quick,

efficient, relatively cheap, and spared the
having to listen to the scr f

S from actually
cut down by gun-
fire. It was the perfect solution to Himmler's decree that
Auschwitz was to be the industrialized abattoir for the Jews of
the East.

And so, having greased the axles in 1941, the Nazis spun
the wheels of murder inexorably into motion. January 1942
marked an important event: the first m:
pecifically to their deaths. Followin;
ceremony, gassings took place regularly. These murders were
conducted in a farmhouse especially converted for the pur-
pose (the days of the great crematoria were yet to come) and
the bodies buried in mass grave:

ms of prisoner:

ing of Jews sent
this "ribbon-cutting"

eaten Russian corpse carelessly thrown amid Birkenau's

fields or drainage ditches. The starving Russia ycease

lessly fought each other for rations, even gi faras tc

heat each other to death « r into the

electrified wire

The Nazis were more than happy to dispose of those

Russians spared by their fellows. The SS periodically raided

the Russian section of the camp, "selecting" Russians and

so high was the death toll among us
Auschwit2s Krema I (the only one in operation at the

time) could not di

ins that

ise of all the corpses. Instead, they

were buried in a mass grave at Birkenau

Today, the Restless remnants of the Russian POWs

sull haunt Birkenau, primarily in vicinity of Sheol

ind the site of their mas its the horror of

their incarceration and deaths, the Russians became Spec

tres one and dd constitute one of the most feared

Those few Russians who did not
ummarily con
ion-tainted former comrades.) The
ire allegedly led by a powerful Sha

as Koshchei the Deathless. This

Taccounts a monstrous brute, every bit

as cruel as his former captors; indeed, he is rumored to

employed other murder methods as well. Aryan
prisoners in Auschwitz's hospitals and infirmaries still received
phenol injections in the heart, other prisoners were disposed
with bullets to the back of the neck, and in at least one
instance, a group of sick prisoners was herded into an enclosed
section of Birkenau and beaten to death with clubs. But Hé
knew e' saw it, and so Auschwitz gradually
became synonymous with gi ers and Zyklon B.

1942 saw the ially, like a festering
boil on the skin of a typhus patient. Cattle cars came from all
over Europe — France, Slovakia, Belgium, Yugoslavia — to
disgorge their human cargo, and it was during the spring of
1942 that the first women came to the camp. To their dismay
and embarrassment, these women were processed in the same
manner as were the men, and to clothe them, the Nazis pro-
vided uniforms looted from dead Soviet POWs.


As fast as new prisoners arrived at the camp, however,
Auschwitz's personnel worked feverishly to ensure that old
prisoners left permanently. Héss began authorizing selections
of prisoners from within the camp. Selectees were loaded onto
trucks and taken to a detainment facility, and from there to
one of the gas chambers.

It was also in 1942 that Reichsfiihrer Himmler toured
the camp, among other things witnessing a "special action"
from beginning to end. He must have been impressed: He
promoted Héss to lieutenant colonel, and later that year is-
sued a decree that all Jews were to be transferred to Auschwitz
and Majdanek.

Before Himmler left, he ordered Héss to accelerate the
building of Birkenau. It was to be Europe's premier extermi-
nation camp, and there were many, many Jews awaiting trans-
port and death. Prisoners labored feverishly under the kapos'
watchful eyes and ready truncheons, often working themselves
to death to hasten the completion of Birkenau.

And so the Final Solution had truly begun, and too many
optimistic Jews were once and for all proven wrong.

Auschwitz-Birkenau no longer held any pretense of being a
concentration camp — a place where even criminals and
subhumans would at least be preserved and valued as labor. It
was a death camp.

As if Heaven or Hell saw fit to confirm the camp's
newfound role, waves of typhus engulfed the Lager, smiting
prisoner and guard alike. Carriers were quickly quarantined
and killed. Finally, in desperation, Héss had the corpses in
the mass graves dug up and burned (this action also irrevoca-
bly disrupted the Fetters of some wraiths and Spectres who
had begun to prowl the camp).

Poison: For the Destruction of Parasites

Na, gib ihnen schon zu fressen. (All right, give them some-
thing to chew on.)

— Oberschaarfiihrer Moll, giving the extermination or-
der at Auschwitz-Birkenau

The primary method of extermination in the Auschwitz
camp was a lethal gas manufactured by the Degesch Com-
pany; this gas was called Zyklon, or Cyclon, B. The term


"Cyclon" was an acronym taken from the names of the gas's
primary components: cyanide, chlorine and nitrogen. Prior
to its use at Auschwitz, Zyklon B was a pesticide used to ex-
terminate rats and cockroaches. It left a bluish stain when
sprayed, coloring the surfaces of the chambers where it was
deployed.

Though camp kommandant Rudolph Héss, in his mem-
oits, describes the deaths as painless and the bodies as peace-
ful, more unbiased accounts tell a different story. Various
members of the Sonderkommandos assigned to loot and dis-
pose of the dead spoke in no uncertain terms of "lattices of
bodies": mounds of distended torsos and tangled limbs sprawled
to the ceiling, as stronger members trampled their weaker
brethren in a frantic attempt to escape the gas; bodies cov-
ered in bruises, lacerations and welts inflicted by the neigh-
bors who attempted to use them as living ladders to gain a
few more seconds of air; fingers broken and arms dislocated
ina frantic struggle to beat down the walls; blood from rup-
tured lungs and sinuses burbling out the noses and mouths of
faces so blue and swollen as to be virtually unrecognizable;
and the whole tableau stained with urine and feces, as blad-
ders and bowels spasmed in the final death-throes. Death,
though certain, was by no means instant (particularly since
the ever-efficient Nazis utilized the minimum amount of gas
necessary to ensure a kill) and the bloated remnants of the
victims' faces spoke clearly of the agony they had undergone.

Selektion

\rriving Jewish prisoners were forced to under

cattle cars used to transport them, victims were

arrivals to make sure they
The disabled, the elderly, childre

of 14, pregnant women and

were waved to the

~ into the camy
under the ag

leemed tos ntribute

left and subsequently

Further selections occurred periodically in camp,

usually on Jewish holidays, as the ever-vigilant Nazis

sought to guard themselves against typhus epidemies

nd cull the weak. During such inspections, prison
strip and
appear

emaciated were allowed to put

male and female — were required t

jog past an SS physician. Prisoners whe

healthy
their clothes t

and not too
on and go to w Th

fortunate were waved to the gas chambers.

"One Louse Can kill

Those inmates fortunate enough to survive the gauntlet of
horrors that was everyday life in the Lager still had to contend against
alegion of invisible threats. Diseases of all sorts ran rampant through-
out the camp. Foremost among these were typhus and dysentery.

Typhus is a loathsome disease characterized by suppurat-
ing sores, lesions and abscesses; blackened tongues; fever; the
vomiting of blackish sludge; and cranial pressure. It w:
mitted by body lice, which were endemic to the camp as they
fed on blood and pus from prisoners' various untreated wounds
and abscesses. Waves of typhus felled thousands — prisoners
and guards alike — and inhabitants of typhus-stricken bar-
racks were often sent one and all to the gas

hambers.

d by

the body's inability to retain food, which is instead passed as

Dysentery is a gastrointestinal disorder character'

gouts of bloody diarrhea. Sufferers of dysentery display discol-
ored, greenish faces and exude a rank stench. Dysentery is
not so contagious as typhus, but equally as lethal.

1943 —Devouring Flames

In the spring of 1943 the Birkenau Kremas were com-
pleted, one by one. These crematoria — four of them —

dwarfed the one already in operation at Auschwitz proper.

Now the Final Solution could proceed in earnest.

Trainloads of Jews from all over Europe arrived to meet their
doom. Some trainloads were sent one and all to the gas; others
were sent through the selektion mechanism and had the strong
culled from the weak. Gassing and burning continued day and
night (Héss estimated that up to 20,000 prisoners could be ex-
terminated in one day), and so the black smoke and rank stench
of charred human flesh permeated the camp.

Amazingly enough, life in Auschwitz improved — albeit
marginally — toward the end of the year. Héss' actions as
kommandant of Auschwitz earned him a promotion to Inspector
of Concentration Camps, and to fill his jackboots the High Com-
mand appointed SS Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Liebehenschel.
Liebehenschel proved somewhat mild, by SS standards: He made
efforts to curb the kapos' random beating of prisoners; marginally
increased prisoners' rations; and even installed a swimming pool,
with swimming privileges to be awarded to particularly well-be-
haved prisoners (Liebehenschel took over in November — well

into the brutal Polish winter — but it's the thought that counts).

Sonderkommandos

Naturally, the Nazis did not wish to stoop to the odious
task of disposing with the corpses of their victims, and so they
implemented the formation of special squads of Jewish pris-


REIS

Aa

iv.

oners for this purpose. These squads were known as

Sonderkommandos.

Sonderkommando tasks including bathing the recently
killed with firehoses, in order to cleanse them of urine and
feces spewed in the death-throes; cracking open the corpses'
jaws and stripping the fillings from their teeth; shaving the

corpses and gathering the hair for use in Nazi industry; and

actually tossing the corpses into the crematorium ovens.

In exchange for these ghoulish duties, prisoners in the
Sonderkommando were treated considerably better than other
prisoners. They were allowed to choose comfortable and styl-
ish clothes from the camp magazines instead of being issued
the lice-infested burlap rags worn by their counterparts in the
barracks. They received decent and ample food. They were
issued relatively spacious living quarters, and they had a greater
run of the camp than did the typical inmate.

But the Nazis did not wish to take any chances that news
of their crimes would reach the outside world — and so each
Sonderkommando squad had a lifespan of four months. At
the end of that time, the Sonderkommando was led into the
nearby woods and machine-gunned to death. Indeed, the first
duty of each new Sonderkommando was to dispose of the

corpses of their predecess

Rassenbiologie

As the

Nazi war machine devoured enormous

xpanses
of Europe, the Nazi High Command began to wonder about
. One of
the primary reasons for beginning the war in the first place

what to do with the hordes of conquered prisone!

was to gain Lebensraum (living space) for German citizens,
and so the Slav nations of the east were to be colonized and
their inhabitants displaced. However, the Nazi war effort v

in need of slave labor, and the Slavs were not deemed to be
quite so subhuman as the Jews.

The agreed-upon solution was to sterilize the populace
of Eastern Europe, thus keeping the current populace as labor
for the war while preventing them from breeding. Reichsfiihrer
Himmler began accepting all manner of proposal

for quick,
cheap, efficient methods of rendering large groups of persons

impotent. Many such proposals — often amounting to bi
or even fetishistic quackery — were authorized by the "race
biologists" of the Reich, with the living or dead bodies of con-
centration camp prisoners provided as experimental subjects.
At Auschwitz, Doctors Clauberg and Schuhmann went about
the task of conducting steril

ation experiments.

Perhaps the foulest method involved the use of X-rays.
The naked patient was ushered into a lab, and the prisoner's
genital area was surreptitiously bathed with invisible X-rays

No lead shielding was used, and subsequently the patient'
genitals often erupted with burns and abscesses — which then
grew infected due to the filth in which the prisoners lived.
This side effect usually occurred after the prisoner had been
sent back to his labor detail, and because such trifles were not
permitted to interfere with work, those who could not keep
up were summarily gassed. Those victims who were still alive
two to four weeks later were summoned back to the medical

block and physically sterilized, so that their testicles or ova-

ries could be analyzed and dissected.

Clauberg experimented with a different sort of steriliza-
tion process, using women selected from among the Auschwitz
and Ravensbriick prisoners. (Accounts of the selection pro-
cess indicate that physical attractiveness was one of the pri-
mary criteria in se!

ction of experimental subjects.) After

strapping the women into gynecological apparatus, Clauberg

injected caustic chemicals into their uteri. (He must have been

extremely concerned about the thoroughness of the proce-
dure; subsequent autopsies of victims revealed that Clauberg'
injections often penetrated to the end of the ovarian duct ot
even punctured the abdominal cavity.) Many of the victims
died during the experiment itself or from subsequent infec-
tion; those who did not were gassed.

1944 — The Hungarian Massacre

But though conditions in the camp improved somewhat
for Gentiles, the situation for the Jews was about to get much
worse. The Final Solution now spread to engulf Hungary and
its massive Jewish population

The High Command soon realized that such an impor
tant mission of eradication could not be entrusted to the com-
paratively humane Liebehenschel; accordingly, in May of
1944, Hiss was recalled to Auschwitz-Birkenau and given
overall command of the Final Solution in Hungary

Trains rolled in night and day, carrying thousands upon thou-
sands of Hungarian Jews. Joining them were countless thousands
of Poles, survivors of the failed ghetto uprisings in Lodz and
Warsaw. Often the trains' occupants were not given even a pre-
tense of a selektion, but carted away to the gas chambers regard-
less of health or age. Intellectuals and morons; rabbis and crimi-
nals; men, women and children: It did not matter. Himmler had

st, and
destroy them it did throughout that long bleak year. Never was

decreed that Auschwitz was to destroy the Jews of the

the camp free from the stench of burning flesh.

In many ways, 1944 marked the apex of the murders. Neatly
100,000 prisoners crammed amid enclosures of barbed wire, in
barracks designed for a few horses. Entire sections of the camp
were summarily quarantined and sent to the gas, as the Nazis,


fearful of Allied invasion, began to sweep Auschwitz under the
tug. The pace of killing whipped into a frenzied maelstrom, as
the machinery of the Lager frantically sought to devour all of
Europe's Jews before the ever-more-certain end came....

Something had to snap. And in the fall of 1944 it did,
when a plan was put into fruition. The members of the 12th
Sonderkommando were well aware of their limited lifespan;
having been informed by the camp underground that the hour
of doom was nearly upon them, the 12th — alone among
Sonderkommandos — made plans for a desperate escape.

Working with members of the camp underground, the
Sonderkommando smuggled gunpowder into the death cham-
bers where they worked. Their plan was to blow up one of the
Kremas and, using that as a distraction, overwhelm the guards,
make for a section of the wire previously shut down by the
camp underground, cut through, and run for the loop of the
Vistula. Once lost in the surrounding woods, they would at-
tempt to join Polish resistance movements in the area.

Ambitious, yes. Desperate, certainly. But what other
choice did they have?

And so the 12th Sonderkommando rose in revolt, and
two SS guards were hurled alive into the ovens. In a bizarre
turn of events, the SS dogs refused to attack the Sonder men.
(Ghostly intervention, or simply coincidence?) Krema IV

erupted, explosives blasting its roof into the sky. This was the
most tangible victory of the revolt, as the crematorium re-
mained inoperative for the rest of the camp's existence.

Unfortunately, the SS was able to keep the various work-
ers of Kremas II, III and IV from linking up. Scattered and
overwhelmed, the surviving Sonder men ran for the Vistula,
but fled in the wrong direction. They were recaptured and
summarily executed with machine-guns and flamethrowers.
In the end, all 853 Sonder men had died — but they had
taken 70 SS men with them.

The vengeful Dead of Auschwitz could not have been
happier.

qhe Camp Underground

Although from 1942 on, Auschwitz was specifically de-
signed to kill Jews, the camp still incarcerated its fair share of
political prisoners. Furthermore, many other triangles of pris-
oners allowed themselves to be recruited into political move-
ments behind the wire. Accordingly, a large antifascist un-
derground movement sprang up among the inhabitants of
Auschwitz. This organization, which Héss dubbed the "un-
derground," was primarily devoted to the survival of its mem-
bers, but also strove to work against the SS in whatever small
ways it could.

Oswiecim (Suschwitz-B


SSN

The underground played a deadly game of human chess
with the green triangles and the SS. Underground life in
Auschwitz became a continual struggle to place one's "pieces"
— prisoners loyal to the underground cause — in favored
positions in the camp, whereby they could "organize" extra
food and goods, "lose" prisoners too sick to work by burying
them in mazes of bureaucracy, and otherwise keep resistance
members alive. Often this was done at the expense of green
triangles, sadistic kapos or — less pleasantly — innocent pris-
oners whose crime was that they were not members of the
underground. More than one kapo or prisoner who offended
the underground was "mysteriously" summoned to the camp
infirmary and given a lethal injection in the heart.

Toward war's end, the underground stockpiled guns and
homemade grenades, preparing for a revolt should Allied forces
draw near. This uprising never materialized, save in the aborted
escape attempt of the 12th Sonderkommando.

The SS, of course, was swift to retaliate against any
proven, suspected or presumed underground member. The cells
of Auschwitz's Block 11 constantly rang with the screams of
prisoners brutally tortured by SS and Gestapo in search of
confessions or information.

1945 — The March of Death

By 1945, the sound of bombs could be heard roaring on the
horizon, and it was obvious that the war would soon be over. The
machinery of death, which had ground up so many people so
efficiently in 1944, began to grind to a halt. There were no more
selektions; no more gassings; no more executions.

The impending collapse was obvious. SS staggered around
openly drunk, and the crushing terror of totalitarianism was
replaced by a nerve-wracking anarchy. Rumors flew: Would
the SS kill everyone in the camp? Would the Soviets arrive
too late? Would the prisoners all be burned at once, so the
secret of Auschwitz would never be told?

Many things, indeed, began to burn: The camp records
burned, and the storehouses with their plunder from murdered
millions; and then the Birkenau crematoria erupted for the
last time in gouts of purifying flame as the SS blew them up,
one by one. The Oswiecim power station burned, a target of
Soviet bombs, and the camp plunged into darkness.

The prisoners suffered a multitude of fates: Some were
summarily shot, while the weak and ill were left in the camp
sans electricity, food or water. However, most survivors were
rounded up by the SS, herded into ragged columns, and handed
a sausage, a hunk of bread, and a blanket. Auschwitz was be-
ing evacuated, they were told, and they would march into

The Gypsy Camp

Germany's position with regard to the Gyp:

sies was never so clear as it was vis-a-vis the Jews

indeed, a number of ¢ served in the German

army. Nonetheless, in 1942, Himmler gave the ot
der that all Gypsies not of the two "main tribes'

(yet another categorization of Nazi rassenbiologie)

were to be "resettled" in Auschwit

During the war, over 20,000 Gypsies were r

istered at Birkenau — marked with a brown tri
a anda special form of the standard Auschwit

tattoo — and interred in their own enclosure

This enclosure was a cross between a ghetto
ind a 200; filth and disease wrought havoc among

y it did amos

the gypsies the w

the other prison
ers, Hiss wrote warmly of the Gypsies, calling them
his "favorite prisoners." The infamou gel of
Death," Dr. Josef Mengele, enjoyed the company
of Gypsy children. But the fact remains that by the
ummer of 1944, 15,000 Gypsies had died amid the
muck of Birkenau.

The fate of the survivors was no better. On A

gust 2, 1944, Hiss ordered the liquidation of the Gypsy
camp. To trick the Gypsies into the crematoria, the

listributed rations of bread and salami and told

the Gypsies they were heing deported to another

camp. The ruse worked, and so the surviving Gypsies
were gassed one and all. It is interesting to note that
in the World of Darkness, not a one of the Gypsies'
vaunted vampiric protectors — neither Ravnos nor
Gangrel nor Old Country Tzimisce — lifted a talon

to stop their flocks' march to the

Germany. (They were not told, of course, that once in Ger
many they were to be executed, so that Auschw:
might remain forever untold. But most of the prisoners were

secret

already familiar with Auschwitz's ways, and did not need to
be informed of something so obvio

The prisoners did know — very well — that to disobey
the SS was to die. And so they marched. Those who could
not keep up were shot. Those who stumbled were shot. Thos
who paused to attempt to rub warmth into frostbitten feet
were shot. Those who looked as though they were going to
make a break for the woods were shot.


Onward the survivors marched. Many would perish on
that last fateful trek. Some would die in other camps — in
Dachau, in Buchenwald, in Gross-Rosen. Some would live,
ina manner of speaking, as the Allies rescued them from hell
and told them — bereaved, decrepit and impoverished though
they were — to try to forget what had happened and start
anew.

The Liberation

When, on January 27, 1945, the Soviets arrived, they
had crawled across hostile soil and had engaged in firefights
with the camp's remaining SS. They were veterans of the
bloodiest war in their nation's bloody history, and much of
the carnage had taken place on their soil. They were no strang-
ers to death.

Nothing could have prepared them for what they found.

Six hundred scarecrows lay sprawled on the camp grounds,
victims of starvation, chill, or final bullets from the SS. Sur-
vivors — about 7,600 in all — tottered to greet their libera-
tors or groaned their thanks from the pallets on which they

lay. They were a motley band of all nations, genders and ages
—and here the SS had inadvertently disproved its own party's
theories, for in the viewing of that group of emaciated, sore-
covered, filthy, lice-ridden things, who could have told Aryan
from Jew, man from woman, human from monster?

Some survivors could not be saved; some died from the
very food their liberators provided them, as their ruined bod-
ies refused to process the meals that had been so long denied
them. A few lived, and told their stories, and it is because of
their courage and tenacity and heroic unwillingness to let the
world forget what had happened that White Wolf can pub-
lish a book such as this.

And so for 50 years, an Iron Curtain clanked down, sig-
naling an end to the tragedy that was Auschwitz. The grounds
were left more or less intact, a memorial to the two million
who had gone "up the chimney." A museum was built on the
site, and the World of Darkness continued as it always had:
The vampires tallied their wins and losses, and the werewolves
derided the gains of the Wyrm. The mages sadly shook their
heads at the Sleepers' folly, and the changelings impotently
wept at the loss of so much Glamour. And the people — Sleep-

ers, kine, Quick — who had suffered and died and caused oth-
ers to suffer and die: They tried to forget, reacted with out-
rage, told themselves "We Wouldn't Have Done This," and
in countless other ways tried to put an end to the hell incar-
nate that was Auschwitz.

For the Dead it was only beginning.

Geography — Skinlands

uschwitz-Birkenau stands to this day —
at least in part, for much of the camp was
razed in 1945 by an SS desperate to hide
their crimes from the inexorable Russian
advance. Parts of the camp were subse-
S| quently restored, and today the site houses

a museum — the Panstwowe Muzeum w
Oswiecimin — commemorating the victims of the Holocaust.

Auschwitz

The gate, with its ARBEIT MACHT FREI motto, still
welcomes visitors to the museum, as it welcomed the prison-
ers half a century ago. The watch towers still rear to the sky,
and miles of rusting barbed wire still encircle the grounds,
although the machine-guns no longer claim victims, and high-
voltage current no longer crackles along the fences.

The tar-paper barracks and lanes lie silent and sepulchral
in their orderly rows, though the grass grows rampant, no
longer neatly pruned. On particularly calm days, it is difficult
to conjure the roar of trains and trucks, barking of dogs and
guards, shots, screams and wet sounds of metal and wood on
skin and bone that once echoed through the camp. Even more
difficult to imagine, as the tourist inhales the crisp air of a
Silesian autumn, are the frightful smells that once wafted along
these streets — the stench of thousands of unbathed bodies,
many fallen to injury or illness, and over everything the smell
of burning meat.

Here, behind the endless wire, in these barracks where
so many lives came and were snuffed out, the museum's per-
manent exhibits lie on display. Here in Block Four — the
"Extermination" exhibit — is the Hall of Nations, displaying
the flags of those countries whose citizens were shipped to
their death. Here also sits a sculpted model graphically —
luridly — displaying the process of a gassing, from the herd-
ing of the victims to the consigning of their corpses to the
crematoria. Behind one case, a tin of Zyklon B — the pesti-

cide gas used in the killing — lies impotent, its cargo of lethal
pellets spilling like wasp larvae from a hapless caterpillar.

Blocks Five through Seven continue the immersion pro-
cess. Hills of shoes, mountains of spectacles, forests of human
hair swell behind glass cases. In one exhibit hang the rags that
Auschwitz prisoners were forced to wear while toiling in subzero
temperatures — sans, of course, the swarms of lice with which
such rags were invariably infested. Block Six displays the cup of
soup, slab of bread and piece of sausage (approximately 1500 calo-
ries) with which each inmate was expected to fortify himself for
a 19- or 20-hour day of grueling labor.

And everywhere the photos stare: grotesque tableaux de-
picting emaciated, naked creatures seemingly copied from an El
Greco or Bosch painting. Truly it is as if some latter-day Bosch
painted the denizens of Hell: whip-scarred, caked with scabs and
running sores, genitals obscenely mutilated. Only the painful
thinness, and the ubiquitous tattoos, remain constant.

The visitors react as they will; some weep, some stare
blankly, some turn away. Few remain unmoved, particularly
when the camp's former denizens attempt to conjure all man-
ner of poignant Phantasms, hoping for a snippet of Pathos.
Kapo Ficzka contemptibly compares this behavior to the beg-
ging of semidomesticated bears at a national park, but this
does little to deter the ravenous Dead of Auschwitz.

It is perhaps in the notorious Block 11, spiderweb of the
Gestapo's atrocities, that the emotional resonances are felt
most strongly. Nihil tributaries from Sheol web this area, the
site of SS interrogations, executions and punishments. Here
were interred the victims of the Stehzelles (standing cells):
cubicles whose width and breadth were 90 centimeters each.
Prisoners confined to the Stehzelles could not sit or lie down
and were provided with no bathroom facilities; this last in-
dignity soon did not matter, however, as these prisoners were
neither fed nor given water.

Zum Krematorium

Altogether, seven buildings were used to carry out the
Nazis' genocide, although only four — the crematoria in
Birkenau — actually conform to the stereotype of the giant
industrial death factory commonly imagined by students of
the Holocaust. The first and oldest crematorium/gas cham-
ber, Number I, was located in Auschwitz itself and was con-
siderably smaller than Kremas II-V. These enormous edifices,
completed in 1943, were located at Birkenau. Additionally,
two converted farmhouses (the "red" and "white" farmhouses)
were used as gas chambers, but had no crematoria annexed to
them. Victims murdered here were buried in mass graves or
burned in open pits.


Tetwseess

DADS SIO

Birkenau

And Birkenau also stands, and is also open to those who
wish to view the Third Reich's handiwork. It is vaster than f
Auschwitz, befitting its intended function as slaughter pen |
for all of Europe's Jews. It is a gargantuan spiderweb of wood {
and mud and endless, endless wire.

If the overall ambience of Auschwitz is one of stifling,
miasmal oppression, Birkenau delivers a sudden knife-jab of
terror. For if Auschwitz was the nexus of the prisoners' mo-
notonous misery, then Birkenau embodies their mechanistic
murder. It is in Birkenau that most of the camp's Spectres lair.
It is perhaps good that their invisible presence inspires such
unease, for they are strong at night, and travelers lingering
alone or nocturnally at Birkenau may taste altogether too
much of the Shadow-eaten's pain.

It was here, not so long ago, that the cloudless azure sky
of a Polish fall was blackened by volcanic clouds of human
soot belching from four elephantine smokestacks. Today the
sky is once again clear, and only gaping pits remain to mark
the site of the great Kremas — though visitors viewing the
sites often feel as though they are being blanketed by an in-
visible ash.

Visitors enter — as did the prisoners, not so long ago —
through an edifice known as the Gate of Death. This struc-
ture served as a combination entrance and SS guardhouse.

And once inside, the visitor is treated to much the same
view as a newly arrived prisoner: rows upon rows of barbed
wire, signs warning against contact with the now-deactivated
electrified fences, and rows of dilapidated wooden barracks.
Now, of course, a silent tension replaces the roar of trucks
and dogs and kapos and flames; there are no selektions to watch,
no swarms of zebra-striped skeletons, no corpses lying in the
mud.

Only a few sites are open to the public; the rest of the
camp slowly falls apart, as the world hopes that time will heal
even this most grievous of wounds. Far to the left lies an ex-
hibit displaying the suffering and travails of the penal compa-

nies; while poignant in and of itself, its emotional impact is
largely eclipsed by those simple holes in the earth, on which
the Kremas rebuild themselves in the viewers' minds.

On the far side of the camp, visitors may view the Inter-
national Monument Commemorating the Victims of Fascism.
This congeries of inscribed tablets and pillars is a Pathos sink
and a gathering place for the more political dybbuks. Those
dybbuks whose families come to mourn hover like flies around
this area; sadly, they are often driven off by more powerful
dybbuks harvesting Pathos "for the good of the community."


BWW

The pond into which the ashes from Kremas lV and V were
dumped still sits, and the slick whitish-gray film covering and
saturating it has not been thinned by time. Occasionally a Spe:
tral band, empowered by visitors' revulsion at the sight of the
human effluvia, uses a Dark Arcanos variant of Outrage to ani-
mate the sodden mass into an ameboid stalker. Such a manifes-
tation is rare, however, and happens only at night.

Mussulen

The camp has more than its share of drones, spiritual
detritus from thousands of senseless deaths. These will-less
shells of dybbuks are known by the name their living coun-
terparts earned in life

mussulmen: persons who, mentally
and emotionally overwhelmed by the conditions of their ex
istence, retreated into a near-catatonic state. Commonly the
products of advanced states of starvation, mussulmen simply
shambled unseeing about the camp, not caring whether they
bathed, were fed or were led to the gas chambers.

In the Shadowlands, mussulmen are usually the victims
of traumas so intense that the wraiths' guiding will was irre-

Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah

vocably shattered. Though the raw Pathos of their deaths still

chains them to the camp, these mindless ghosts lack the sen-
tience to do anything except repeat the circumstances lead-
ing to their demises. Most dybbuks simply let the mussulmen
wander as they will, eternally reenacting whatever bizarre

tableaux their death-traumas locked them into.

And so, every so often, a visitor to the memorial may be
struck with a sudden, unnatural chill, or from the corner of
the eye, glimpse something hideous yet half-seen, like the af-
terglow of a nightmare. More sensitive Quick have occasion-

ally lived to regret their visits, as ghostly apparitions have

conjured themselves into existence: hurling themselves on
"electrified" fences, sprouting gouts of blood from ethereal
bulletholes, swelling and asphyxiating on decades-evaporated
Zyklon B, or blackening "alive" in the crematoria's long-
quenched flames. Other visitors have been "treated" to sights
of columns of ragged skeletons straggling along through the
mity streets, soullessly staring ahead as one of their number
drops in midstep, never to rise. Still others have clutched their
ears, trying vainly to shut out the mechanistic wails of long-


dead mothers robotically imploring long-dead SS men not to
murder equally long-dead babies.

These manifestations strengthen at night — particularly
when the Spectres goad and orchestrate the mussulmen's dra-
mas —and thus the Quick can find the deserted camp a some-
what unhealthy place to explore after dark.

The Dark Kingdom of Wire

Begniissung

ike other Necropoli, the Auschwitz-
Birkenau of the Shadowlands is intan-
gible, and any sensory data received from
it are as much spiritual as physical. And
so it is telling, perhaps, that the first thing
the Lager's few visitors register, as they
sweep across the cracked clay of
Shadowlands Silesia, is the wind-borne stench — the suffo-
cating potpourri from two million bodies' worth of singed hair,
skin blasted to charcoal, rotting flesh and dysentery-tainted
feces, all mixed with the singular odor of noxious fumes. The
smell precedes sound, outdistances sight, and some wraithly
visitors aver that the odor lingers on the Corpus for days after
departing the camp, despite the best efforts one can make
with Castigate and Moliate. Indeed, a few more somber mem-
bers of the Restless Dead swear that the smell never quite
leaves, and that the winds of Auschwitz carry a measure of
Oblivion itself.

Then comes the sound: murmur-faint at first, like the
whimpering of a murdered baby, occasionally amplifying into
afeverish crescendo. This, too, is a mélange: a babel of voices
sobbing, whispering, pleading, screaming, barking orders, curs-
ing or gurgling in the death-spasm strain to make themselves
heard over a cacophonous accompaniment of grinding gears,
shrieking winds, hissing current and crackling flames. Over
all, as if conducting the disparate sounds into a single pur-
poseful madrigal, echoes a low, endless, oscillating groan, in-
stinctual and animalistic, a sort of whalesong. And perhaps,
of all creatures, only the whales — themselves mechanisti-
cally hounded nearly to extinction — could comprehend the
intricate, mournful monotony that is the dirge of Auschwitz.

The first sight springs on the traveler suddenly, and he
might almost imagine that some waif of the Tempest has
spouted forth here — and perhaps, in some sense, it has. For
surely the roiling ashen thing defiling the Shadowlands hori-
zon is a Nihil or some other form of Tempestuous eruption.

But no, the grayish mass is a monstrous cloud, aioking tt
and opaque as the twin mushroom clouds that — too little
too late for these wraiths! — heralded the end of the Second
World War.

The cloud rises, and settles, and expands, and contracts,
and occasionally extends probing pseudopodia skyward, as
though the residents of the camp were trying to tap God on
the foot and ask, "Why?" But it is never still. And, gazing
upon this phenomenon, the wise traveler becomes aware that
he is preparing to enter that problematic environmental haz-
ard known as the Great Miasma of Auschwitz-Birkenau.

Sometimes the Miasma is the industrial cyan shade of
Zyklon B; other times, litten by pillars of flame from the
Kremas, it glows lurid crimson. Most of the time, however, it
retains the combined hues of its constituent components:
endless flakes of tattooed human skin, charred flesh, ash and
bone dust. And so the traveler who would come to Auschwitz
must literally trudge through a blizzard of human tissue,
clammy and cold as a Polish winter.

At its weakest, the Miasma hovers around the grounds
like a viscous fog. It lies relatively quiescent, though travelers
passing through a thick bank may be stroked by a cold ecto-
plasmic tendril which, though incorporeal, exudes a sense of
sliminess. Occasionally clouds of the stuff will detach them-
selves to float against the moon or over the loop of the Sola
River.

Sometimes, for no particular reason, the Miasma will
coagulate, growing stronger, louder and more odoriferous. The
gas will roil with streaks of other colors, and the flakes will
coalesce into bas-reliefs of unpleasantly groping shapes. It is
wise to seek shelter at this time.

But most of the time, the Miasma allows the visitor to
pass with only minimal resistance. As the traveler nears the
camp proper, shoving her way through the rain of skin and
bone, tangible shapes become discernible. Four cylinders of
darkness tower against the gray sky, and from their tops roar
pillars of luminous radiance, briefly reminding the traveler of
lighthouses seen through the fog. But the light the towers
shed is the infernal scarlet of crematory flames, and despite
50 years' passage, the stink of scorched meat is still nigh un-
bearable.

Auschwitz

And there it is:

ARBEIT MACHT FREI.

Work will make you free.

The motto, cleverly shaped from half-molten weldings
of animate slag, emblazons the moaning sky. Illuminated by

the glow from the crematory pyres, it warns, or beckons, from
a gunmetal gate that seems almost liquescent, like lava crys-
tallized in midflight. And there, eternally fused to the gate,
the half-formed, weeping faces stare impotently, just as they
did at the war-crimes trials. Héss is there, yes, and Moll, and
the Axe Queen of Budy, and others less notorious but just as
brutal. Still others — Mengele, Mussfeld, Grabner — have
thus far escaped the vengeance of the Camp of the Dead.

Work will make you free. That motto was a mantra for
Auschwitz's architect and orchestrator, Kommandant Rudolph
Héss — the mission statement behind every one of the camp's
two million murders — and so, the inhabitants reason, it is
only fitting that Héss's molten, soulforged Corpus be used
physically to inscribe the message that so inspired him in life.

In all directions stretch plains of cracked yellow rock.
Here and there a rock or plot stands in sharper focus: perhaps
the last boulder inadvertently dropped by an exhausted la-
borer who for that transgression subsequently fell under the
kapos' truncheons; perhaps the last stone trod upon by a des-
perately fleeing escapee as a barrage of machine-gun fire tore
him to pieces; even, perhaps, the ground where a "parachut-
ist" broke open his head after a two-story swan dive for the
sport of the SS.

And everywhere, there is wire. It coils in and out of the
fog, sprouting like kudzu over the endless rows of tar-paper
barracks, twisting and groping in every direction and from
the gate to the horizon.

For in the Shadowlands, Auschwitz-Birkenau has burst
its original boundaries, as the putrid core of a rotten fruit will
rupture its rind. If the original camp was by far the largest KZ,
in the Shadowlands it has become a virtual city. Mazes of
wire and mausoleums of bile-green tar-paper weave and wind
in serpentine parodies of streets. Signs proclaiming "Halt-stoj"
shine in the phosphorescent glare of crackling fences.

The camp streets proper are a morass of mud and human
flakes, constantly seething and roiling. At times a half-formed
caricature attempts to detach itself from the stew: a mussulman
drone mindlessly struggling to get up from the ground that
became its enervated living counterpart's deathbed. Occasion-
ally, the muck itself will groan from a spontaneously extruded
face, or grope at passersby's Corpora with pseudopodlike hands.

Boundaries

Brutally utilitarian in life, the wire fences of Auschwitz
beyond the Shroud are clever constructs indeed, even by the
exacting standards of Stygia's Artificers. More than one visit-
ing wraith skilled in the art of forging has expressed amaze-
ment at the ubiquitous growth that winds mazelike through

~ Deahsgt

ght in most areas of the Shadowlands is

not a pleasant thing. Deathsight in Auschwit
much
\

e. Virtually every square inch of
the omplex bore witness to death cither
violent or accidental

sands ¢

ting mild

and to the suffe
rer victims left alive for th

the spiritual residue of two million

victims' worth of blood, brain tissue, skin, diarrhea

and other forms of excrement — encrusts the block

walls. Attempts at cleaning the stuff prov

ile in death as they did in life ind so the

s resident lite tudges through a hum

lybbu

even to clean themselves, and so m

camp's resi

nts spend a good portion

es caked in filth

uterl

juarters of the Lager, particular!

3irkenau, bear blatant taint «
walls turned to sticky green cytoplasm
orne spores sprouting all manner

and the like. Most dybbuks

vare their barracks with Phantasmal ver

unhealthy Phantasies

min, counterparts to the rats and lice with which

they coexisted in life. Occasionally an entire bar

wallowed with its inhabitants

nto the Tempest. Sometimes the unfortunate

barrack returns; sometimes, less pleasant!

it reappears nights or weeks or years later

the camp, twisting here and there and everywhere in crazy
patterns — the filaments of expertly braided and stranded
soul-stuff, spidersilk-thin and diamond-hard; the razored edges
and serrated spikes, which occasionally drip with a viscous
pus; and, most frighteningly, the lethal current visibly crack-
ling in ultraviolet waves down the fences, one jolt of which is
10 times enough to send the sturdiest wraith howling down
into the Labyrinth. When queried, the KZ's taciturn
kommandos mutter of "channeling soulfire," though no Arti-
ficer among the Restless Dead, not even Ember himself, is
aware of such a process. Nor do the baleful energies sparking
from the wires resemble any soulfire known to Stygia's
craftspersons.

Equally disconcerting is the fact that, in Auschwitz, the
barbed wire seems to be endowed with a peculiar animate
quality. No dybbuk has ever seen the stuff writhe and twist,

SOS

OOS SOC ees}
per se, but certainly Auschwitz's residents, upon arising from
Slumber, have been shocked to find kudzulike growths of
razored, spiked darksteel caking entire barracks where the
evening before there had been nothing. Indeed, some wraiths,
awed by Auschwitz's sheer size, have proposing renaming it
the Dark Kingdom of Wire.

Needless to say, Auschwitz's wire is unforgivingly sharp;
most dybbuks bear Corporal scars from accidental contact,
and a few unlucky wraiths have been blasted straight to
Oblivion through stumbling into the deadly vines. Nonethe-
less, Auschwitz wraiths often "harvest" this "raw material,"
weaving it into all manner of vestments, whips and other uten-
sils; this extremely dangerous art is practiced by only a few
dybbuks, and they are valued for their skills.

qhe Blocks

To the horizon they stretch: endless rows of tin and wood
and green tar-paper. Dilapidated, cramped, and in many cases
half-eaten by Oblivion, the blocks where Auschwitz's re
dents suffered in life are the sites they call home in death.

Despite the barracks' repulsiveness, triangles and
kommandos battle incessantly over these Haunts. Auschwitz-
Birkenau is an unhealthy place even for the Dead, and those

who lack the friends, strength or cunning to force themselves

into a barracks are fair prey for Spectres, Maelstroms or erup-
tions of the Miasma.

Nevertheless, there are certain areas of the Lager where
sane wraiths do not go. The Puff is at best problematic, while
the "neighborhoods" around Blocks 10 and 11, Konigsgraben,
and any of the subdivisions near Sheol are frankly unsafe for (
those Dead not in service to Oblivion. Chilling howls and
worse noises can be heard from behind the barbed wire at
night, and incautious dybbuks wandering here after dark of-
ten vanish outright.

Sheol

Auschwitz-Birkenau was a tremendously complex struc-
ture, a Chinese box of horrors, and so it is difficult to point to
a "hub" or "center" of its evil. Was it Héss? Himmler? The
Kremas? Block 11? The selektions? There are as many theories
as there are experts.

In the Shadowlands, however, Auschwitz-Birkenau has
a very clearly defined nexus: that enormous Nihil which swal-
lowed the SS barracks at Birkenau in 1945, and which the
dybbuks fearfully refer to as Sheol.

If other Nihils are rifts in the fabric of reality, Sheol is a
gaping Mariana Trench spiraling down into what surely must

Behind the Wire:
1 (Auschwitz-Birkenau)

be the Void itself. Its bottom cannot be seen, though mutter-
ing, wailing and singing perpetually waft from the deeps, and
Sheol is the jumping-off point of most Spectral incursions.

Though the "eye" of Sheol is more or less centered on
the SS barracks, cracks and tributaries of nothingness peri-
odically wind through the camp, like the questing tentacles
of a squid.

Most of the time the Nihil lies relatively quiescent, rip-
pling, dilating and contracting in disturbing but harmless
pulses. But all dybbuks fear the random but inevitable "erup-
tions" when Sheol's center swells like a vast black tsunami,
anda frightful collective scream rises from the depths. At these
times, Sheol vomits forth swarms of Spectres, and neither the
Quick nor the Dead are safe.

Dybbuk triangles take turns guarding SI
though dreaded, is taken with utmost seriousness by all
dybbuks, regardless of kommando. Such vigilance has cost the
camp heavy losses —and then, too, many dybbuks have hurled
themselves headlong into the abyss, claiming to hear the
voices of parents, children, wives and husbands beckoning
from the other si

Ie Kremas

uschwitz is, of course, most famous for its

crematoria. Blasted from earthly exist-

H ence, these structures were immediately

hurled intact into the Shadowlands.

These minarets to Oblivion tower to the

3) heavens still, jutting above the enshroud-

ing Miasma. Soulfire roars from their

chimneys day and night, illuminating the entire Lager in a
reddish h

The Kremas, though hated and dreaded in equal mea-
sure, are vital components of the camp's economy. Here, in
these infernos, legions of monstrous dybbuks toil, soulforging
Corpora and wire into needed goods for use or barter. Never
is the vicinity free from the blast of the ovens, the roar of the
flames and the screams of the molten.

This is true even at night, though all dybbuks are careful
to clear out of the Kremas by sundown. After dark, the chim-
neys spew flames of a sickly, phosphorescent blue — the same
color as the walls of the gas chambers — and unfortunate
passersby try desperately to shut their ears against the noises
drifting from inside. No sane dybbuk wants to know what
happens behind the Krema doors after sunset; explorers never
return.


1S

In the Shadowlands, one can also find the death cham-
bers themselves: Nihil-ridden, blue-stained rooms through
which dybbuks are loath to tread. Oblivion radiates from these
rooms in waves as noxious and tangible as Zyklon B, and de-
spite being Fettered here, most dybbuks prefer to leave these
abhorrent sites to the night and the Spectres.

These sites are veritable Pathos banquets, but the emo-
tions obtained here are dark indeed, and most dybbuks view
the "drinking" of such Pathos as revolting and blasphemous.
But neither the censure of their fellows nor the darksteel
chains barring entrance to the "blue rooms" stop certain
weaker dybbuks deprived of needed spiritual energy by their
ravenous brethren. These dybbuks, urged on by whispers from
deep within their Corpora — or perhaps from within the Ni-
hil-cracks fracturing the "blue room" walls — sneak into the
death chambers as evening falls, indulging in gluttonous feasts
of lurid trauma.

Certain particularly careless feeders find themselves still
within the death chambers as darkness falls...and their fate is
often ghastly indeed, even by the standards of Auschwitz.

qhe Puff (The House of Dols)

Carnage and carnality often go hand in hand, and so even
the Camp of the Dead had its brothel. Staffed by the absolute
lowest caliber of prostitutes, the brothel was offered as a re-
ward for good behavior; the SS enjoyed the idea of the camp's
emaciated scarecrows rutting themselves that much quicker
into the grave. The whores also serviced the SS (rape of pris-
oners by the SS was harshly punished — not out of concern
for the women's sensibilities, but rather because the moralists
of the SS found it revolting that sons of the Reich would de-
file themselves with subhuman sluts).

The Dead remember many things, and so the Puff still
stands in the Shadowlands. Fueled by copious quantities of
Pathos procured from their services, the residents of this place
have turned the brothel into a den of opulent, if somewhat
garish, majesty. Red lanterns made from the Corporal skins of
deadbeat johns grace the exterior, illuminating barbed-wire
sculptures depicting various prurient acts.

Inside, the House of Dolls is bordello, nightclub and caba-
ret. The main area features'a stage on which a variety of en-
tertainments are performed nightly, from obscene Phantasms
of Wagner operas to bizarre tableaux involving "captive" Spec-
tres and SS Waffengeisten. From this main area, several door-
ways and tunnels lead clients into private subterranean al-
coves, and most emotion-starved dybbuks venturing there do

not register their descent into the Labyrinth until it is at
late. It is rumored that, depending on the whim of the lady
and the client, a visit to the Puff can be ecstatic or a Harrow-
ing-level nightmare.

Despite its dubious reputation and clientele, the Puff is
often the only answer for those dybbuks too weak to assert
their rights to Auschwitz's communal Pathos. All comers are
serviced, though those who cannot pay in Relics or Pathos
must sign their names in the madam's debt book, and the fate
of those whose tabs run too high is perhaps best left a mystery.

The madam of this establishment is one Cecile Gildeau:
a French Jew, a prostitute and a victim of the 1942 Budy Mas-
sacre. Gildeau is a past master of Usury, Moliate and Phan-
tasm. She is also an expert at reassuring nervous first-timers
who might otherwise be put off by the weird entertainment,
or by the fact that Gildeau's head, hacked off by Budy's noto-
rious Axe Queen, whispers seductively from its resting place
under the crook of her left arm. Her Corpus is lush and exag-
geratedly feminine, dressed in diaphanous lingerie. This di-
verts viewers' eyes from the ragged stump of her neck and the
fact that Cecile's severed head is an elaborately rouged and
made-up, but still fleshless, skull. She and Steuben, while not
friends exactly, have reached an understanding, and he oper-
ates his business from the House of Dolls' bar.

« nt "
Konigseraben (king's Ditch)

This murky canal winds its way through Shadowlands
Birkenau, suffused with the Pathos of legions of penal work
gangs who expired during its construction. Healthy dybbuks
don't go anywhere near Konigsgraben's waters, as the entire
area is haunted by Spectres.

Unfortunately, Konigsgraben occasionally comes to the
dybbuks; during Maelstroms and Sheol's upheavals, the canal
often heaves itself bodily from its banks, twisting and writh-
ing like a great watery python. Shrieking Shades and
Mortwights ride the flume, abandoning themselves to
Konigsgraben's torrent even as they empower it. Entire bar-
racks have been lost, as the animate flood crashes on them
like a fist (accompanied by Spectral shrieks of "Time to go to
the showers, lads!") and sucks them into the Tempest.

Auschwitz ii (Buna-Monowita)

The factory camp of Buna is firmly in the hands of the
Collective. It is here that Auschwitz's Artificers forge much
of their steel and their wire, and it is here that captive Nazi
wraiths or Spectres are brought to be slagged for darksteel.

Buna is several kilometers from Auschwitz-Birkenau
proper, and while this distances it from the worst of Sheol's


eruptions, it also means that dybbuks here must often fend
for themselves. This they have done with commendable skill,
erecting barbed-wire barricades and relic walls from shrapnel
bombed into the Shadowlands by Allied air strikes.

The great factory itself is an edifice out of a Fritz Lang
movie: an enormous enclosed structure bristling with pipes,
gears, weaponry and bizarre engines. Through its clanking
corridors and tunnels scurry the industrious dybbuks of the
Collective, performing their tasks with antlike precision.

Unlike its sister camps, Buna has a definite leader: Stefan
Brukovich, an old concentrationery and Communist who survived
10 years in various camps only to be shot by the SS in the days
before the evacuations. The crusty old dybbuk is a political master
and shrewd bargainer, having been a union agitator before the
war. Under his leadership, Buna's dybbuks have gained ample ac-
cess to the Pathos wellsprings of the two more famous camps.

Over the years, the dybbuks of Buna have shut them-
selves off from the teeming throngs of their sister camps. In-
creasingly isolationist and distrustful of the corruption creep-
ing its way through Auschwitz and Birkenau, Buna dybbuks
keep to themselves and their work.

The Forges

The greatest "forges" are the Birkenau Kremas themselves,
Dybbuks who work here turn gray rather than black, their Corpora
encrusted with bone dust and skin flakes. These forges are insuffi-
ciently hot to forge darksteel, but are useful in shaping wire, and are
of invaluable aid in Moliation and soulforging (all difficulties to
"work" with a wraith who has been immersed in a Krema oven are
reduced by one). Needless to say, such a process is hideously painful.
Needless to say, when it comes to working with the Corpora of cap-
tured Nazis, Auschwitz's dybbuks wouldn't have it any other way.

The Shadowlands factory of Buna also has its forges,
which clank day and night. These relics of industrial engines
are hot enough to permit the creation of darksteel, and so the
dybbuks of the Collective ceaselessly churn out darksteel goods
forged from the Corpora of captured Nazis. Obviously, such
material is scarce, especially after all these years (though the
Buna dybbuks are quite inventive in making their "material"
last for decades); accordingly, Buna has "contracted" several
green and black triangles to "organize" raw materials for
them...and the dybbuks of Buna ask very few questions re-
garding the source of their contractors' soul-fodder.

qhe Subcamps

The entire Auschwitz network encompassed nearly a
score of subcamps — smaller blocks of prisoners living, work-

ing and dying some distance from the main camp. In the
Shadowlands, most of the subcamps were methodically cut
off and devoured by spectral hordes long ago, which only fu-
els Buna's paranoia. A few of these camps still house scat-
tered triangles of eccentric dybbuks; how these enclaves sur-
vive in the midst of the Spectre-haunted wastes is a mystery
to the dybbuks of the main camp, who view such outsiders
with great suspicion.

Society

Tt was a world unto itself, a state within a state, a society
without law. Men were flung into it to fight for their naked lives,
for mere survival.

— Publisher's introduction to Eugen Kogol's The Theory
and Practice of Hell

he term "society" is at best a polite euphe-
mism here. Just as there is nothing one
can realistically term "society" in a swarm
{| of flies, though they all buzz around the

}| same piece of compost, so the dybbuks of
4| Auschwitz eschew any sort of concrete
system of government.

There is no Hierarchy here: no Fithrer to beguile the
masses and bark commands. After all, who could presume to
tun Auschwitz? Certainly not those who ran it in life; the
vengeful Dead would hardly suffer the kapos to torment them
anew. The SS? Those few who were not immediately blasted
into Oblivion were hunted down and either tortured and
slagged or shaped into Waffengeisten. And Hiss? Well, the
former Kommandant can hardly be expected to dictate policy
from the slag-gate to which he has been welded, half-molten
and shrieking, for all eternity.

No one has ever bothered to conduct a census of dybbuks
It is rumored that the one time this notion was suggested,
Roza Robota replied sarcastically, "What — would you have
us line up for roll call, mein Herr?" Best estimates indicate at
least 200,000 inhabitants. It is a gering number, but
Auschwitz was if nothing else fertile soil for Restless Dead.

Auschwitz's Dead refer to themselves simply as dybbuks or
geists; the distinction between wraith and Spectre is at best blurred
("What — would you have us wear triangles or armbands, mein
Herr?"). Nonetheless, certain dybbuks feel common bonds of
kinship or profession — or, more likely, feel the need to band
together to protect themselves from their ravenous comrades.
Auschwitz' residents refer to these bands as "triangles" or
"kommandos," in mockery of the Nazis' institutions.


5)

PPT IIS SSO,

SOAS Ped

Triangles of one sort or another fulfill all of Auschwitz'
cultural and social niches, acting as guilds, circles and sects.
Many triangles, particularly those with political or religious
bents, strive to better their members and (in rare instances)
the Lager as a whole. Less savory are the triangles composed
primarily of greens and blacks; these wraiths, continuing the
practices of their mortal existences, often act as gangs of thugs
and extortionists.

And so in death, as in life, a dybbuk is identified by a
bewildering array of symbols. Whether one is red or green,
Polish or Yugoslavian, kapo or victim, can mean the differ-
ence between sustenance and starvation, power and victim-
ization. Those triangles that are strong, important or cunning
enough to enforce their claims to housing, Relics and Pathos
survive and prosper — albeit marginally. It is best not to dwell
on the fate of the others...

Some triangles — such as the Dayan, a minyan of Jewish
Kabbalists skilled in Lifeweb and Fatalism — are groups of
dybbuks bound together by common interest and mutual co-
operation. As the threat of spectral incursion increases, how-
ever, many dybbuks allow themselves to become vassals to a
strong leader — a kapo, if you will — in exchange for protec-
tion and secure housing. Alas, many kapos retain their char-
acteristic brutality on this side of the Shroud, and thus the lot
of servile dybbuks is little better in death.

An exhaustive listing of all the triangles in Auschwitz
would be an exercise in futility; a few of the most important
divisions follow.

Deathmarks

The Nazis were nothing if not meticulous in the categoriza-
tion of their enemies, and so the Corpora of Auschwitz's dybbuks
display a bizarre hierarchy of deathmarks. Even in death, most
dybbuks still bear the dehumanizing numbers inscribed on their
arms (or other appendages), and many Corpora display the col-
ored triangles imposed on them by their captors. (Indeed, cer-
tain Kabbalists skilled in the use of Fatalism perform numero-
logical analyses on the tattoos of willing dybbuks.)

But there is more, for the dybbuks of Auschwitz are a far
cry from the peaceful Dead of most Necropoli. The horror of
their deaths has left indelible marks on their Corpora. Many
of these deformities are so grotesque that Auschwitz's inhab-
itants are mistaken for Nephwracks — and perhaps this judg-
ment is not so far off the mark.

Over these deliberate marks crisscross scars from floggings
(25 lashes on the naked buttocks being the standard punish-
ment for wrongdoing at Auschwitz), riding crops, truncheons,
and other poorly healed injuries, so that many dybbuks are
virtual Frankenstein monsters of suppurating scabs.


Lhe spiritual unneaitn or their surroundings also takes
its toll on dybbuks' Corpora. Most bear palpable marks of
Oblivion: byproducts of being caught in the open during
Maelstroms, stumbling into the camp fences, or simply one
Harrowing after another. Worse yet, dybbuks forced to live in
the filthier blocks often become infested with Phantasmal
parasites: swarms of spiritual vermin similar to the lice they
hosted as Quick.

And many dybbuks, wracked in life by bizarre diseases
nearly unknown in the 20th century, bear their stigmata in
death. Some dybbuks bear the marks of noma, a "dry gan-
grene of the face" producing ulcers that corroded gaping holes
in its victims' cheeks. Others display Corporal epidermises
that even 50 years later peel like paint, testament to the
phemphicus that laid them low.

The Reds

Those political activists passionate enough to go toa Nazi
camp for their beliefs often maintain their fervor beyond the
Shroud. Their specific areas of concern do tend to change;

after all, being macnine-gunnea, gassed or beaten to death
tends to render concerns over the welfare of the proletariat
somewhat irrelevant.

Most politicals have organized themselves into one of
two triangles. The Partja, based in Auschwitz proper, seeks to
impose some sort of stability on the madness that is Auschwitz.
Its sometimes ally, sometimes rival is the Collective, a tri-
angle of Buna-based wraiths who center their activities around
production of goods and equal distribution of Relics.

qhe Para (The Bund)

The Auschwitz-based Partja comprises those reds who still
believe in some manner of social justice — at least for sympa-
thizers to their Socialist-based agenda. The Partja seeks an
end to the anarchic system of rapacious triangles, the institu-
tion of mandatory labor, and the distribution of Relics and
goods to all. They despise the greens and blacks, but are occa-
sionally forced into alliance with some of the less noxious

kommandos...particularly when the Spectres burble up from
Sheol.


qhe calc

The Collective harkens back to the days of the old Com-
munists and the labor parties. Less interested in lofty rhetoric
and more concerned with practical gains for its "workers,"
the Collective can back up its stance by its virtual monopoly
over the production of darksteel goods. Certain dybbuks dis-
trustful of the Collective call it a cabal of opportunists who
sell to dybbuk and Spectre alike. When accused of this, the
Collective's taciturn representatives merely grunt and shrug.

The Greens

One would hope that internment in a death camp, a vio-
lent end, and 50 years of purgatory in a monstrous afterworld
would reform even the most vicious criminal. Alas, such does
not seem to be the case.

Many of Auschwitz's green triangles were made kapos;
those who were not often brutalized their fellows anyway, or
tricked or bullied others out of life-sustaining rations or goods
for their own betterment. Accordingly, upon death they were
forced to band together, lest they join Héss and the other
prisoners of the slag-gate.

Die Eingeisten

Die Eingeisten is a gang of former kapos, brutal opportun-
ists all. These wraiths avoided the vengeance of their fellow
Dead by dint of being "fortunate" enough to be machine-
gunned as a group. Crossing the Shroud at the same time, the
ex-kapos proved tough enough to fend off the assaults of their
former victims, who eventually found more pressing concerns
to occupy themselves. Now Die Eingeisten occupies a Relic
barracks on the periphery of the camp, venturing into "town"
only long enough to bully needed Pathos or Artifacts from
weaker dybbuks.

The members of Die Eingeisten are some of the toughest
dybbuks around, and to their credit are generally at the wire when
the Spectres howl up from the deeps. Due to an accord signed
with Kapo Ficzka in 1948, Die Eingeisten agreed to serve as con-
scripted militia in exchanged for not being hurled bodily into
Sheol. The kapos grudgingly uphold their end of the bargain.

Kanada

Named after (and basing itself out of) the collection of store-
houses where the plunder of Europe's Jews was kept, Kanada is a
green triangle devoted to the collection and distribution of Relics.
Through a combination of guile and force, Kanada acts as a broker-
age service and pawnshop for relics, Artifacts and other goods.

Kanada also serves a darker function. While the dybbuks §
of Auschwitz would prefer to craft their goods exclusively from
Nazi wraiths and Mussulmen, there are only so many to go
around. It is not unknown for Kanada to snatch wraiths from
the Polish countryside, or even fellow dybbuks from the camp,
and barter them to the forges as "captured marauders." The
forge-dybbuks adopt a "don't ask, don't tell" policy toward
this sort of currency, and so some of Auschwitz's denizens end
their afterlives as they ended their lives — as victims.

qhe Sonderkommandos

The 13 Sonderkommandos lived and worked as groups,
and a disproportionate number of them ended up as Restless
Dead — guilt-ridden from their service to the Nazis, not quite
evil enough to go to Sheol. So, in death, they haunt their
barracks as groups, and most work in the Birkenau Kremas by
day (to work by night would be suicide). Most
Sonderkommandos were Jews of no particular color, but their
opportunism has rendered them disagreeable to other dybbuks,
and they are considered green.

A noted exception is the 12th Sonderkommando, the he-
roes who revolted against the Nazis and blew up Krema IV. They
are treated reverentially, and their leader, Kapo Shlomo Ficzka is
as close to a camp leader as Auschwitz-Birkenau is likely to find.

qhe Blacks: Die Scheisspeisten

The wearers of the black triangle tended to survive by
obsequiousness and acquiescence to their Nazi captors; and
so in death they bear the epithet Die Scheissgeisten — the "Shit-
Ghosts" — with fair humor. Bottom-feeders in life, they firmly
root their way into the Shadowlands muck, serving as go-
betweens, smugglers, gigolos and Pathos pimps. Some, Doll
Boys in life, master Usury so that they might metaphysically
continue their profession in death. Some dybbuks aver that a
fecal stench indeed surrounds these wraiths, though others
scoff at this conjecture, pointing out that the entire camp
and everything in it is an affront to deathsmell anyway.

Still, it is foolish to underestimate the influence of Die
Scheissgeisten. From their base in the barracks bordering Birkenau,
the Shit-Ghosts are often the first to hear of rumors or Spectral
incursions. Rumors of Spectre worship among the Scheissgeisten
are generally dismissed. After all, the reds maintain, a Malfean
would have no need for such pathetic lackeys.

Stripling
It happened in the second half of October 1944...The chil-
dren had noticed the smoke from the chimney and they realized


and thither in the yard, in a dead fright, clutching their heads in
despair...

— written testimony of a Sonderkommando prisoner

Auschwitz operated by many rules, and one of the most
ironclad was that only those who could work were permitted
to survive for any length of time. As a general rule, selektion
proved fatal for those internees under the age of 14; most of
these were immediately disposed of in the gas chambers.

Babies, in particular, proved highly diverting for the jaded
soldiers of the Waffen SS, many of whom amused themselves
by tossing "Jewish lice" into the air and impaling them on
bayonets; hurling them into the camp's electrified fences and
watching them sizzle; or, eschewing subtlety or accuracy, sim-
ply tearing infants in two before horrified mothers' eyes.

Those children who did make it into the camp would
probably have been better off dead. Orphaned children who
fell into the clutches of the black triangles often became "Doll
Boys" forced to service entire barracks. Some children were
left outside in midwinter to freeze to death; others suffered
the opposite but even crueler fate of being doused with gaso-
line and burned alive.

It is no surprise, then, that Auschwitz suffers from un-
naturally high concentrations of those Spectral children
known as Striplings. Rare is the night that swarms of Strip-
lings do not screech down the Lager's streets and whirl around
the Krema towers, hysterically mocking the instruments that
sent them across the Shroud.

Others
qhe Pinks

All too many of Auschwitz's dybbuks maintain their ‘40s
moral stance toward the camp's brutalized homosexuals —
somewhat ludicrous, given that these Dead are now quite in-
capable of performing the activities that their counterparts
found offensive in life. These sad, stoic wraiths band and live
together, often in the dangerous blocks near the Kremas. They
readily assist in all manner of public works, labor and military
activities, but are shunned nonetheless. Lurid tales of "Cor-
poral buggery" in conjunction with obscene rites to the
Malfeans, while absurd, have their adherents among the more
puritanical Dead.

Of late, however, certain pink triangles have been grudg-
ingly accepted into Auschwitz's quasisociety by dint of their
impressive and much-needed skills. These pink dybbuks, re-

alizing the Lager's desperate need for ghosts proficient in trades
and Arcanoi of all sorts, have taken it upon themselves to
master various crafts. Some of these triangles have reached
levels of excellence nearly rivaling those of Stygian
Guildwraiths, and such triangles collectively constitute an
increasingly powerful faction in Auschwitz's "politics."

qhe Gypsies

The remnants of the Gypsy camp prefer to roam outside the
wire, but when danger threatens they retreat to a fortified en-
clave within Birkenau. They contract themselves out for various
projects that need doing, and perform their tasks admirably. Still,
like the pinks, they are distrusted, and rumors of Spectral corrup-
tion among the Gypsies sporadically drift through the camp.

Some Gypsy wraiths also serve as messengers, trading news
of life beyond the wire in exchange for needed goods and rel-
ics. While such services make the Gypsies a necessary evil in
Auschwitz's eyes, the frequency of their sojourns beyond the
walls only fuels the incessant tales of Spectral compromise.

qhe Purples: jehovah s Witnesses

A few "Bible Worms" still haunt the barracks where they
died. These characteristically gentle ghosts keep to themselves,
practice a Far Shores-based worship that would probably damn
them as Heretics outside the wire, and are among the voices sup-
porting the lone Carmelite monastery on Auschwitz's grounds.

A few Jehovah's Witnesses have taken it upon themselves
to become Pardoners for all seeking absolution — much to
the dismay of those Jewish dybbuks who still maintain their
faith beyond the Shroud. Certain Jews see the presence of the
Witnesses as a divisive element, and tensions between the
two sects swell nightly.

The Outsiders

Auschwitz was, at its heart, a prison — and, here as in most
prisons, it is not good to do one's time alone. This applies even
across the Shroud; loners are prime targets for Spectres or their
ravenous fellows, and it is far too easy for an unaffiliated dybbuk
to be snatched up by a black or green kommando and sold to the
forges in exchange for relics or Artifacts.

Nonetheless, there are some alienated Dead who prefer
to walk alone. Other Restless fear and distrust these outsid-
ers, branding them spectral conspirators or even Nazi
Doppelgangers. They must often live in the "DMZ" neigh-
borhoods near Sheol or take up residence outside the wire, in
the Spectre-plagued subcamps.


Pisa =

Tainted Humors (point Flaw)

erhaps you were one of the guinea pigs
honored for selection in the Reich's medi-
cal experiments; perhaps you reacted es-
pecially poorly to lungfuls of Zyklon B, or
| perhaps you simply lingered for weeks as
| typhus and dysentery corroded you from
the inside out. In any case, the artificial
or "natural" introduction of some contaminant into your body
so shocked your system that it continues even after death.

Whenever you gain Pathos by any method whatsoever, you
must immediately make a Willpower roll (difficulty 5). Failure
immediately "taints" half the Pathos and transforms it into Angst,
as your Corpus physiologically "poisons" the sustaining emotions.
A botch converts all the ingested Pathos to Angst.

Starving (4 point Flaw)

In life, you adapted poorly to the KZs' characteristic mal-
nutrition, so that even in death you project the image of a

starving skeleton. You have eight Corpus Levels rather ve HD)
the traditional 10 (even in death you are an emaciated wreck).
Furthermore, once you come upon a source of Pathos, you
must make a Willpower roll (Difficulty 8) to tear yourself away.
If you fail, you will simply attempt to suck up as much Pathos
as possible to the exclusion of all else. After all, you don't
know when you'll next be fed.

Die Waflengeisten

Emulating the barghest packs of Stygia, Auschwitz's
dybbuks have constructed their own ghostly watchdogs,
Moliating them from those kapos and SS soldiers deemed not
wicked enough to be punished more fully. These creatures,
dubbed Die Waffengeisten, are viewed as beings in a sort of
purgatory. Perhaps with time and forgetfulness their victims-
turned-masters will relent and restore them to their original
shapes — but probably not.

Those dybbuks of higher ideals treat Waffengeisten coldly
but humanely, refusing to exact vengeance for the crimes they
suffered in life. Criminals and the vengeful, on the other hand,
often brutalize their Waffengeisten, Moliating obscene graffiti
on them, endowing them with grotesquely swollen genitalia
and mandrillesque buttocks, changing their faces to those of
swine, rats and lice (common epithets hurled by the guards),
and otherwise humiliating and torturing their watchdogs. In


nila)
wait

any event, the afterlife of a Waffengeist is far from pleasant;
their masters provide them with barely enough Pathos to ex-
ist, ensuring both perpetual savagery and alertness.

Die Waffengeisten, unlike barghests, are fully sentient, but
vengeful dybbuks prefer to handle them with muzzled leashes
fashioned from barbed wire or bits of skin flayed from the
Corpora of high-ranking SS wraiths.

Dybbuks

85 Oherstunmfurer Baer,
Konmandant" of Die Waflengeisten

ackground: He was only following orders.
Never particularly cruel to prisoners,
Bauer nonetheless displayed no particu-
lar pity or mercy toward the
Untermenschen he was ordered to guard
and herd and kill. He killed no more and
no fewer than would earn him his extra
cigarettes and vodka, and so when he went down under So-
viet fire in the final days and was dragged pleading before the
tribunal of those he had helped murder, the dybbuks deliv-

ered this verdict:

|
role

You have proved to our satisfaction that yor
verse is to be a mindless lackey; so be it. You have shown g
aptitude at hunting and snapping at the heels of your fellows; so be
it. You have demonstrated a slavish devotion to those in power,
and this you would do well to remember.

And so they took him to Buna, and amid the great ovens
of the dead he was melted and bent and reworked. The team
of Artificers and Masquers inflicted no more pain than they
had to...and no les
the absence of his d
seems to be a measure of contentment.

ow Bauer leads the Waffengeisten in
buk masters, following orders with what

Image: Bauer attempts to carry himself with dignity,
which only imbues him with an even greater measure of t

edy. His nose and jaw have been reple

ed by a tusked, por-
cine snout, and a squealing rat's head and forequarters hiss
and writhe between his hindlegs in place of genitals. A pig'
tail swishes over his naked buttocks, which have been
Moliated with a swastika. In painful juxtaposition, his eyes
are beautiful and impossibly blue. About his neck is a collar
fashioned from Auschwit:

s ubiquitous barbed wire.

i
Secretly you hope for redemption and bodily restore-
tion, but deep down you don't expect either. Snatl suspic

Roleplaying Notes: The Dead of Auschwitz are yout
masters now. St

ly at
any visitors to the camp — you've put down your share of Spectres.

Shlomo Ficzka —
Work Boss of the 12th Sonderkommando

Background: No one in the 12th Sonderkommando knew
much about the kapo Ficzka; he held himself somewhat apart.
He was Hungarian — that they could tell from his name — and
acriminal and Jew — that they could tell from his badge. Amid
the forges of the dead, Ficzka worked maniacally, a tireless ghoul.
His strength was legend; he could lift a man-sized corpse under
each arm and hurl it unassisted into the flames. He was cold and
unyielding as marble, and, though not exactly a sadist, he would
not hesitate to punish any who defied him.

Ficzka never spoke much, and so when members of the
camp underground tentatively approached him concerning a
revolt of the Sonder men, he merely grunted his assent. Guns
and grenades were distributed among the partisans, and Ficzka
listened in sleepy-eyed amusement to the politicals' inspired
rants. Something, he knew, would go wrong.

Indeed, many things were to go wrong on October 7, 1944
The revolt in Krema IV started earlier than was planned, trig-
gered by SS suspicion and Sonder panic. The men of Krema Il,
hearing explosions and shots but realizing the escape was not


due to start for hours, gathered around Ficzka. What was going
on? What had they not been told? Who had betrayed them?

Their huddle was cut short by the arrival of an SS guard,
who began questioning Ficzka sharply. The guard was not so
easily cowed as were the Sonder men; disliking Ficzka's re-
plies, the SS man smashed his cane over the kapo's head, with
sufficient force to shatter a lesser man's skull. Ficzka only
grinned from a face turned to bloody smear, then whipped
out a hidden shiv and rammed it into the SS man's chest.
Grasping the gurgling Nazi, Ficzka hurled him bodily and still
living into the flames.

Another guard rounded the corner in time to see a pair of
booted feet disappear into the oven. This was the last thing he
saw before Ficzka's gnarled fist brought him to his knees. Ficzka
lifted the SS man under one arm, as he would a recalcitrant
poodle. He heaved the SS man in the oven, as he had heaved so
many other corpses, and only a couple of onlookers saw him
roughly slap the guard on the way in —a resuscitative gesture, so
that the guard would go into the flames fully conscious.

Then the real fighting started, with the grenades and the
dogs and always the wire. Ficzka got his people through that
wire, and all the way to Raisko, but to no avail. The escape
attempt was flawed from the start, of course — another ex-

ample of poor planning on the politicals' part — and Ficzka
took seven bullets during the recapture operation.

Ficzka came over in the fall of ‘44, when Spectres were
howling about the camp like hyenas. The dybbuks were in
need of strong soldiers, and Ficzka was more than happy to
fight: He met the two guards he had bumedialive — now {
Mortwights — and sent them down again, this time to
Oblivion. Dybbuks flocked to him, and Spectres scattered
before him like tattered rags.

Now Ficzka leads the collected Sonderkommandos, hav-
ing long since sent any rivals to Sheol. He was of the green
triangle, and while he maintains few relations as such with
the criminal triangles, his strength and brutality have ensured
their cooperation, or at least noninterference.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Triangle: 12th Sonderkommando

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 2
Skills: Leadership 3, Melee 4, Soulforging 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine 1, Politics 1
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Haunts 5, Notoriety 3, Relic 3, Status
4

Passions: Guard the weak (Duty) 1, Refuse to succumb to
Oblivion (Pride) 5

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Outrage 5, Moliate 4, Pandemonium 2
Fetters: Ruins of Krema II 4, the entire camp 1

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 10

Permanent Corpus: 12 (he's huge)

Shadow: The Monster

Angst: 9

Dark Passions: Brutalize all beneath you (Fear) 4, Send ev-
eryone to Oblivion (Rage) 4

Thorns: Death Sigil, Shadowed Face

Image: Ficzka is a classic Spook: lumpen, gnarled and impos-
sibly huge. His head and upper body are one amorphous mound
of ectoplasmic gristle, and his face still bears a deathmark-
scar where it was split open. He wears Relic barbed wire about
his arms and fists, having fashioned the wire into crude ap-
proximations of cesti. He is always charged with Pathos —
even at the expense of other dybbuks — and so appears to
crackle with ghostly vitality.

Roleplaying Hints: You prefer to speak in monosyllables and
commands. The folk can do as they please, most of the time,

unless you see that something needs to be done. If that hap-
pens, you step in, and any who balk will learn that you can
make their afterlives as miserable as their lives were.

Roza Robota

Background: Roza Robota had the misfortune to be a
woman, a Polish Jew, and a hard-line Communist during the
Nazi occupation. Nonetheless, through sheer determination, she
clawed her way to respectable positions in the underground and
the camp pecking order. Robota worked in Birkenau's effektenlager
warehouses during the day and for the camp underground by
night. Uncompromisingly political, she was an avid proponent
of armed rebellion, and so when the plot involving the 12th
Sonderkommando was formulated, she eagerly volunteered to
help. With three other women, she managed to steal gunpowder
and explosives from the factory where she worked. Roza person-
ally undertook the dangerous mission of smuggling the weap-
onry to the Sonderkommando men, and neither electrified fences
nor SS guards would be suffered to stand in her way.

The explosion of Krema IV was music more stirring than
any Wagner symphony to her ears, and Roza rejoiced to see

the glorious uprising of the Sonderkommando. Of course, the
plot was quashed, and the Political Department's ministra-
tions coaxed Roza's name from captured participants. None
of her connections could save her then. She and her accom-
plices were taken to Block 11, brutally tortured, and finally
sentenced to be hanged. Her last word on the gallows was
"Nekama" (Vengeance).

Roza fights for her ideals as best she may on this side of
the Shroud. The Soviets' actions in Poland and the Balkans
have eroded her faith in Communism, while constant vigi-
lance against Sheol's Spectres is beginning to fray even her
iron nerves. Her Angst tightens nightly about her, like an
invisible noose, and she wonders whether she should just throw
herself into the Tempest and give herself to the workers' par-
ties down below.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Architect

Triangle: Partja

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Expression 4, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Leadership 3, Melee 2, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Politics 3

Backgrounds: Memoriam 2, Status 3

Passions: Avenge Auschwitz's atrocities (Vengeance) 4, Sup-
port Socialism (Fervor) 2

Arcanoi: Keening 2, Outrage 4, Pandemonium 2, Puppetry 2
Fetters: Site of gallows 5

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 9

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Abuser

Angst: 9

Thorns:

Shadow Passions: Sell out everyone in the camp to the Spec-
tres (Vengeance) 3, Persecute tourists (Outrage) 3

Image: "Red Roza" is all planes and angles. Death has robbed
her of what femininity life in Auschwitz left her, carving her
into a granite harridan. The acrid sting of gunpowder drifts
from her Corpus, and her head lolls drunkenly on her neck in
remembrance of her hanging.

Roleplaying Hints: Vengeance. You have lived and died
through it all, and you will suffer no one to intimidate or sway
you. Deep down, a kernel of doubt gnaws at you, but for now
you defy your Shadow as fervently as you defied the Nazis.


joachim Steuben

Background: Clever Joachim. All the women on
Lutherstrasse called him clever. Even his lovely Mutti praised
him, when he returned from his nocturnal forays bearing
morphine and filial devotion.

Mutti was not clever, no; Joachim could not say that of
her, though he loved her so. She was not half so clever as that
fine SR she tried to blackmail, and so Mutti was taken away
and Joachim never saw her again and that was that.

Maybe it was for the best; after all, Lutherstrasse was not the
place for scheisskopfen, even ones as beautiful as Mutti. And the
young boys Joachim's age — the ones with cajoling ruby mouths
and backs whip-scarred from the officers' nocturnal caresses — well,
they were not half so clever as Joachim, or half so pretty as Mutti.

Poor fools. They needed guidance, which clever Joachim
was happy to provide. In the Weimar's inflation-sodden
economy, sex and lies were better currency than a wheelbar-
row full of marks; and a murder or two, a couple of short prison
terms and countless deals later, Joachim owned Lutherstrasse
— the Doll Boys, the puffs, the cabarets. Soon it was known
up and down the red-light district that Joachim Steuben was
synonymous with trouble.

That lasted until the roundup came. The polizei were look-
ing for trouble that day, and all of Joachim's cleverness couldn't
get him out of that mess. So it was off to camp for clever Joachim.

Well, Joachim knew all about prisons, and the Lager
wasn't half so bad, eh? A few cigarettes to the guard got that
pretty young thing shuffled to the right, and into Joachim's
barracks; and once clever Joachim had taught his pupil how
to perform cleverly, well, then, cigarettes, vodka, meat and
linen were his for the asking. A few more pretty kinder for the
Untermenschen starvelings, and Joachim was living like a gra-
nary rat amid the booty of Europe's Jews.

The problem with syphilis, Joachim decided, is that it does
not respect ambition or cunning. Clever Joachim lay on his back
in the infirmary like all the other fools, and when the doktor
rammed the phenol needle into Joachim's heart, his last thought
was how much like Morphine Mutti he must appear.

What happened when Joachim crossed over in the midst
of the Maelstrom is best left unrecorded, save that Joachim
realized he wasn't half so clever as he'd imagined. But he was
good enough for the Camp of the Dead, and so his new pimps
sent him back to cruise the Shadowland streets the way he'd
sauntered down the Lutherstrasse. Even Oblivion hadn't
stripped Joachim of his ability to size up a relic or a Corpus,
and soon he was one of Auschwitz's wealthiest "merchants."
Now Joachim maintains Haunts in both the Puff and Kanada.
A master Usurer, Steuben is little liked but greatly needed.

Nature: Pusher

Demeanor: Pusher

Caste: Doppelganger

Triangle: Die Scheissgeisten

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimi-
dation 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Leadership 2, Melee 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Finance 3, Investigation 2, Law 2, Linguistics 1
Arcanoi/Dark Arcanoi: Hive-Mind 1, Larceny 3, Moliate 2,
Phantasm 3, Tempest-Weaving 4, Usury 5

Backgrounds: Notoriety 2, Relic 5

Dark Passions: Acquire things (Greed) 5, Acquire people
(Insecurity) 5, Degrade "uptight" persons (Maternal Love) 4,
Satisfy sexual cravings (Lust) 3

Fetters: Ground of camp brothel 1, Site of "Kanada" 2
Angst: 7

Psyche: The Agent

Composure: |

Fronds: Indulgence, Wraith Prestige 1

Image: Joachim has Moliated himself extensively. He appears
as a top-hatted, androgynous dandy, vaguely reminiscent of
Marlene Dietrich in Morocco. A blond mane coils from under

Behind the Wire

ecim (Auschwitz-Birkenau)

AWW

at the hat to his shoulders, and his elegant threads are "tailored"
with barbed-wire "trim." He is accompanied by a brace of his
own personal Doll Boys, leashed to him by barbed-wire
muzzles.

Roleplaying Hints: Even the damned have needs, and you're
here to provide them. Pole, Slovak; German, Jew; dybbuk, Spec-
tre — who cares? Come in, sit down, and let Fritzi here warm
you up witha little essence of lust distilled from the twitchy teen-
ager staring stiff-legged at the photos of naked Gypsy children.
Oh, what do you mean you'll be late on the payment?

Malina Prmystleskza

Background: The past half-century has borne witness to
several strange occurrences in which a Polish parent, roused
from slumber by a ghostly cry, will find her infant in the throes
of crib death, suffocating on a blanket, or suffering from some
other woe ubiquitous to the newborn. In most cases, the par-
ent is able to react in time to save the child — and indeed in
a few instances, the hysterical parent performs the necessary
resuscitative tasks with a mechanical precision, as though di-
rected by an outside force. The parents never tell anyone of
this marvel, just as they do not speak of the ghostly figure
they see hovering over the crib. Most simply assume the ap-
parition to be a hallucination, or an angel.

This "angel" is Malina Prmystleskza, in life a doctor prac-
ticing in a suburb of Cracow. Along with the rest of Cracow's
Jewish population, she suffered through the Nazi purges, be-
ing driven from her comfortable home to a squalid ghetto flat
and finally into a cattle car on its way to Auschwitz. Her little
Andrei and Danuta went up the chimney in short order;
though she never saw her husband again, she heard he suf-
fered the same fate.

Malina saved her sanity by employing her skills, treating
minor wounds and otherwise insuring that some of the women
on her block would not have to visit that abattoir the Reich
dubbed a "hospital." Mengele did not begrudge her the work,
and even honored her by requesting her assistance on certain
minor projects.

Then Teresa came to visit her. Teresa was thin and had
been issued a shapeless sack five sizes too large for her, and so
even Malina — and Mengele — had heretofore overlooked
the fact that she was exceedingly pregnant. How she'd man-
aged to carry the child to term on such a meager diet, Malina
did not understand, but here she was with her water burst and
crying out and — oh, didn't she realize what Mengele did to
pregnant women?

Well, the first thing Malina did was hush the poor goose
up. (If Mengele found out about this—!) Then, with the aid of
several bunkmates, she cleared a hiding place under one of
the beds. Even the blocowa owed Malina favors — she had
saved nearly everyone from the hospital — and so no one
disturbed the block that night, not through all the hours of
labor, not even when Teresa bit down hard on the blanket
one last time and passed out as the child entered the world.

Malina's practiced eye swept over the bloody baby, not-
ing the chubby limbs, the shriveled little penis, the wet strands
of hair, the 10 fingers, 10 toes and perfectly formed mouth.
And then, before that mouth could open for its first breath,
Malina, in perfect silence, gripped the infant by the throat.
She squeezed with her right hand and cut the umbilical cord
with the left, and then she plunged the infant into a bucket
of water she had placed at her side. And still there was si-
lence, broken only by the exhausted mother's gasps and the
feeble splashes of the tiny limbs. She held the newborn in the
bucket until she felt his struggles cease. She looked all the
attendants in the eye, and they stared back, and a deeper si-
lence descended until Malina intoned, "The baby was still-

born." Teresa would cry all night, and then she would go to
work tomorrow, and Mengele would never know.

There were others after Teresa; some she saved, and some
went to the gas to join their dead babies. Eventually Mengele
ordered the liquidation of Malina's section and it was her turn
to go. On the other side, her quiet courage gained her the
respect of red and green alike, and Malina is one of the few
completely trusted dybbuks in the camp.

That might be a mistake. Because sometimes, when
Malina returns home from a mission of mercy, she chances to
pass by one of Sheol's cracks; and reverberating from the
depths, clearly audible even over the Miasma's eternal sigh,
she hears the sounds of gurgling and splashing and singularly
high-pitched cries. Often she thinks she hears Andrei and
Danuta among the voices crying out, and always the sound
draws closer.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Caregiver

Triangle: None in particular

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Crafts (midwifery) 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Medicine 4, Linguistics 2, Occult 2
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Eidolon 1, Haunts 5, Relic 2
Passions: Save children (Regret) 5, Atone for "mercy kill-
ings" (Guilt) 5

Arcanoi: Castigate 2, Embody 4, Moliate 3, Keening 1, Pup-
petty 4

Fetters: Birkenau women's camp 3, photograph in distant fam-
ily album 1

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 5

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Martyr

Angst: 8

Thorns: Shadow Call

Shadow Passions: Harm children (Envy) 3, Make parents suffer
(Revenge) 4, Join the Spectres of the dead infants (Guilt) 4
Image: Malina appears as a strong-boned woman with red
hair going to gray and only the slightest bluish tinge from the
Zyklon B that asphyxiated her. Her face radiates maternal

concern, but if the situation demands it, her eyes can go cold
and dead as a shark's.

Roleplaying Notes: You are an ectoplasmic pillar of strength
for the dybbuks in your block. You are always ready to lend an
incorporeal helping hand or shoulder to lean on. Deep down,
though, you wish someone would do the same for you. You're
on the verge of Spectrehood, and when you go under, the
whole camp may collapse.

exiconl

appel — roll call

begriissung — welcome

blocksperre — a command; when it was uttered, no prisoner
was allowed to leave the barracks on pain of death

blocowa — block senior; the prisoner in charge of a given
barracks

concentrationary — an older prisoner, one who "knew the
topes"

kapo — a "trustee" prisoner chosen to oversee and supervise
the other prisoners

kommando — a work detail

lager — camp

organize — to obtain needed goods through barter or clever-
ness, without directly disenfranchising another prisoner

selektion — the process of picking prisoners to live or die
according to their perceived health

zugang — new arrival

Zyklon B — a pesticide gas used to murder prisoners

Story/Chronicle dea

The characters are former political prisoners who be-
come enmeshed in the Skinland intrigues surrounding the
newly liberated Warsaw Pact nations. By helping their Quick
descendants to build stable, just governments — or at least
ones different from the totalitarian regime that enslaved and
murdered them — the characters may resolve their Passions
and find peace. On the other hand, the Hierarchy may not
look too kindly on such a breach of the Dictum Mortuum...and
tensions between the Dark Kingdoms of Iron and Wire may
flare into outright war.

© The characters are Heretics or other idealistic wraiths
in search of Transcendence. At some point during a story, a
Storyteller-controlled wraith beseeches the characters to ad-
mit him to their Circle, claiming a desperate desire for Tran-
scendence. The wraith proves exceedingly useful (with an

AUSCHWITZ

Q
i LL
i '
A ee 's House
B Main Guardhouse
© — Commandant's Office oO "Pug"
D_ Administration Office P Block 11
E SS Hospital (SS Revier) Q — Walllof Death
F,G Political Section
H_ Gas Chamber and Crematorium 1
I Guard House and Entrance Gate ("Blokfthrerstube")
J Camp Kitchen
K Building to Receive Newcomers ("AufnahmegebGude")
L__ Storehouse of the Property seized from the Victims
M — New Laundry
N_ Prisoners' Barracks

BEES Tal |

Prisoners' Camps

Main Guard-House "Gate of Death"

Bathhouse "Sauna"

Gos Chamber and Crematorium 2

Gos Chamber and Crematorium 3

Gos Chamber and Crematorium 4.

Gas Chamber and Crematorium 5

Storehouse of the Property seized from the Victims ("Kanada")
Pool into which ashes from Crematoria 4 and 5 were

dumped

a ROnmoow>

BIRKENAU

uncanny amount of skill in the Moliate and Castigate
Arcanoi) and seems very

incere.

Then, at some later point, an enraged Triangle of
Auschwitz dybbuks surrounds the characters, demanding that
they hand over their comrade. To the characters' shock, the
dybbuks accuse their companion of being none other than
the Restless incarnation of one of the camp guards at
Auschwitz. Do the characters hand the wraith over or pro-
tect their comrade? How do the characters possibly justify
forgiving their companion — especially to the dybbuks who
suffered so much under his ministrations? Do the dybbuks re-
sort to kidnapping the wraith, forcing the characters to go

behind the wire to rescue him? And, most importantly, is the
wraith at the center of the conflict really a camp guard at all,
an innocent caught in a web of mistaken identity or a clev-
erly disguised Doppelganger?

© The characters are Spectres, probably victims of the
Birkenau Kremas, who inflict misery and terror on the Lager's
wraiths and the surrounding countryside. This chronicle may
prove to be exceedingly horrifying (and short); alternatively, the
characters may gradually overcome their hate and rage, becom-
ing wraiths and possibly even Transcending. Either option can
provide an extremely harrowing and moving chronicle, but this
idea is best used only with mature and sensitive players.

{
t
{
|
}
i
|
|


CHARNEL
HOUSES
OF FUROPE

HE SH@AH

Because the Story Must Be Told

The numbers are staggering. The atrocities committed are unthinkable.
The consequences are unimaginable. And the wraiths of those who perished
in the Holocaust have sworn never to let it happen again.

Never Again

Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah is a serious look at the Holocaust
and its legacy in the world of Wraith: The Oblivion. Inside is information
on the Shadowlands during and after the Holocaust, as well as detailed
setting material on Auschwitz, Babi Yar, Theresienstadt and the Warsaw
Ghetto.

Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah contains:
© The history of the Holocaust in the World of Darkness;

¢ Information on the Dark Kingdom of Wire, the independent Necropoli
of the Holocaust wraiths;

¢ Foreword by Janet Berliner, co-author of Child of the Light and Child
of the Journey and the soon-to-be-released Children of the Dusk.

GAMES FOR MATURE MiNDS

1-56504-651-X

= 4

WA « wy
ee BLACK DOG
The oBlivion GAME FACTORY

I
W
1565"046511

9"78