# File: Chicago by Night, 2nd ed.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


The Faceless City
By Andrew Greenberg

with Steve Crow

Chapter One: Introduction 1

Under the smoke, dust all over his mouth, laughing with white teeth

Under the terrible burden of destiny laughing as a young man laughs

Laughing even as an ignorant fighter laughs who has never lost a battle,

Bragging and laughing that under his wrist is the pulse, under his ribs the heart of the People

Laughing!

Carl Sandburg, "Chicago"


to

Chicago has known upheaval before. Death and
destruction have long been second nature to its
inhabitants. But never has it known a time like
the recent Lupine attack. Never has the carnage
lasted so long. Never have the undead felt such
fear. Never has the Jyhad been so deadly.

Now the violence has subsided. The undead rise
from their holes and look over the wasteland.
Unlives begin again, and plots revive. But the
question is there. Eyes keep looking over
shoulders, and shadows are twice as foreboding
as they once were. No one knows if the war is
over, or if it will begin again.


Credits:

Written by: Andrew Greenberg

Geography by: Steve Crow

Additional Characters by: Kara Chappell, Robert Hatch
Developed by: Andrew Greenberg

Edited by: Robert Hatch, Graeme Davis

Concepts: Steven Brown, Andrew Greenberg, Josh
Timbrook

Chicago Consultant: René Lilly

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Front Cover: Doug Gregory

Layout and Typesetting: Sam Chupp, Michelle Prahler

Maps: Chris McDonough, Rob Dixon, Margaux Schaffer

Art: Timothy Bradstreet, Josh Timbrook, Richard Tho-
mas, Steve Casper, Jesper Myrfors, Robert MacNeil

Coterie Charts: Chris McDonough

Back Cover: Chris McDonough

Dedicated to Thurgood Marshall.
"Death is irrevocable, life
imprisonment is not. Death, of

course, makes rehabilitation
impossible."

©1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Vampire: The Masquerade, Gothic-Punk, Brujah, To-
reador, Nosferatu, Gangrel, Tremere, Ventrue,
Malkavian, Assamite, Followers of Set, Giovanni,
Ravnos, Lasombra, Tzimisce, Sabbat, Anarch,
Camarilla, The Kindred, Neonate, Caitiff, Ancilla,
Methuselah, Antediluvian, Primogen, Elysium, The
Traditions, Progeny, Inconnu, Justicar, Conclave,
Arcanum, Society of Leopold, Book of Nod, The Beast
Within, Diablerie, Gehenna, The Jyhad, The Riddle,
BattleMonster™Center, Chicago by Night, Under a
Blood Red Moon, and The Anarch Cookbook are all
trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.

Disclaimer: All the characters except Capone, most of
the events, and many of the locations described in this book
are fictional. Any resemblance between the characters and
any person, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

The mention of or reference toany.companies or prod-
ucts in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerned.

Due to the mature themes presented within, reader
discretion is advised.

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Special Thanks:

Mark "Does Dallas" Rein® Hagen, for his Texas week-
ends.

Stewart "Home Alone Too" Wieck, for his work on
important projects.

Andrew "Arm in Arm" Greenberg, for his hallway
walks with Benjamin.

Ken "Interruptus" Cliffe, for his amazing ability to get
work down around the printer congregations in his office.

Josh "I'm a Bum" Timbrook, for his excuse for not
taking out the piles of garbage.

Wes "Dataman" Harris, for his input, output and put-
put.

Rob "Eviscerator" Hatch, for what he's gonna do to the
!2@#$% who stole his hubcaps.

Rene "Seduction of Innocence" Lilly, for dragging the
unsuspecting to the Dead whether they like it or not.

Travis "Jacques" Williams, for coming up with really
scary Setite names. Ooh, I'm so frightened.

Richard "Flip Flip Flip" Thomas, for being such a Mille
Borne-head.

Sam "Ground Hog" Chupp, for chopping it up on Feb. 2.

Chris "Spelling Bee" McDonough, for killing two (or
more) words with one book.

William "Bama Boy" Hale, for the fun he had in Stew's
state.

Bill "Howlin' Potty Wolf" Bridges, for his favorite new
toy.

Benjamin "Glory Questor" Monk, Jr., forknowing how
to spend his weekends — and what computer games to play
in the meantime.

Lyndi "Bathroom Floor" Hathaway, for knowing where
to sleep when it happens.

Michelle "Whacker" Prahler, for taking it to the bozos
in her department.

Word from the White Wolf Game Studio

Our first work of fiction, Drums around the Fire, is
gearing up for release. This Werewolf book tells some of
the many myths of the Lupines, and gives them the
chance to explain their own (mistaken) view of the
universe. Of course, we all realize that the vampires, not
those loopy Garou, know the real truth. But more
importantly, it is our first collection of short stories, and
will hopefully become one of many.

Ped 4598-8 STONEGATE IND. BLD.
haat, STONE NTN, GA 30083

'

e)

4

GAME STUDIO


Chapter One: Introduction
Chapter Two: History
Chapter Three: Geography
Chapter Four: The Kindred

Brujah

Caitifi

Gangrel

Malkavian

Nosferatu

Toreador

Tremere

Ventrue

The Sabbat

The Others
Chapter Five: The Coteries
Appendix: Politics

17
29
59
62
78
84
92
103
109
117
124
137
144
153

Chapter One: Introduction 5


~ Chapter One: .
Introduction

Overland

the winds of change consume the land,

while we remain

in the shadow of summers now past

When all the leaves

have fallen and turned to dust,

will we remain

entrenched in our ways?

— Dead Can Dance, "

Vampires no longer rule Chicago with an iron hand
Their authority has been challenged in the most violent and
devastating way. Two short months ago, the Garou and
Sabbat attacked the city, destroying in a few nights that
which had taken more than a century to build. A concerted
effort by the most powerful Kindred of Chicago succeeded in
driving them back, but the damage had been done.

The tide of blood that swept Chicago has ebbed, and the
invaders have crept away to lick their wounds. But the city
will never be the same. Its immortal ruler is no more,
destroyed during the nights of violence. New terrors nightly
creep into the vacuum left by the murders of Lodin and
dozens of other Kindred.

The characters are thrust into this maelstrom, their
survival decided only by their own abilities and those of the
enemies they make. Still, an opportunity exists that only
happens once in generations — a great city has been left
without vampiric leadership, and is open to any and all.

Chicago has no prince, its primogen has split into bitter
factions, and none know in which direction it shall go next
Mortal institutions have lost their puppeteers, and the Mas-

verance"

querade itself may be imperiled as human eyes begin turning
toward events that they have not been allowed to see. The
risk is unparalleled, as is the opportunity.

This sourcebook provides everything Storytellerneeds
to create stories based in the recovering city of Chicago. It is
set several years after the original Chicago by Night, and
mere months after the conclusion of Under a Blood Red
Moon — its companion supplement for Werewolf. Posses-
sion of Under a Blood Red Moon is recommended when
using Chicago by Night, Second Edition, but not necessary.

The City

My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
— The Bible, Psalms 22:1

Prince Lodin ruled Chicago for more thana century, and
his hand marked every aspect of the city. He was intensely
business-oriented, and he and his associates turned the city
into a thriving center of trade, manufacturing and finance
While not artistically inclined, he helped the Toreador build
the city's cultural centers. After taking a liking to Mies van

Chapter One: Introduction 7


der Rohe, the famous Bauhaus architect, he brought the
German to Chicago and set him to work revitalizing the city's
look.

He played a key role in the early growth of the area, and
helped expand the suburbs through Illinois, Wisconsin and
Indiana. While the city's population has been falling recently
(a problem some critics have blamed on Lodin), nearly the
entire area from Gary to Milwaukee constitutes one enor-
mous community. If taken as a whole, it is one of the largest
metropolises in the world.

Lodin's failures, however, influenced the city as much as
his successes. His focus on business at the expense of the
individual helped anarchs make the city a center of labor
unrest. His tightly controlled political puppets stirred resent-
ment among mortals — resentment that exploded in 1968
and again during the 1980s. Finally, his Blood Hunt against
the city's werewolves started the very war that led to his Final
Death.

No one knows how many of Lodin's accomplishments
were his own and how many stemmed from the actions of his
associates (or manipulators). Still, Lodin's touch can be seen
everywhere, and even after his death, the city lives on in his
image.

Chicago in Mortal Eyes

‘Tie city survives despite texmany:signs of urban decay.
Some even think it continues to prosper. Afterall, its skyline,

seen from afar, leaves an impression of towering buildings —
monuments to the ingenuity and prosperity of its citizens.
The frantic activity of everyone in the city leads some to
believe its workers are actually busy, accomplishing some-
thing of value.

A closer view shows a much different city. Huddled in
the shadows of the skyscrapers are hundreds of the homeless.
Far below the penthouses plod the impoverished and hungry.
In the darkest alleys, the Kindred wait for their next victims.

The continuing "prosperity" hides the true face of the
city. Poverty, not wealth, is the common plight of its resi-
dents. Most of the buildings are dirty and gray. For every
modern, gleaming tower there are many more dark and
looming structures. Water runs down ancient gargoyles,
collecting in muddy puddles along the cracked sidewalks.

Though still called the Second City, it has fallen behind
both New York and Los Angeles, losing almost eight percent
of its citizens during the '80s. It now has a population of 2.7
million, and the metropolitan area hosts five million more.
Another 600,000 live in and around Gary.

Behind all this are the city's vampires, divided and still
at war. While all sides have lost important allies, they
continue their struggles, intent on their rivals' defeat. Thus
Chicago's decline continues, for these immortal battles use
mortal institutions as pawns, and in so doing corrupt all they
touch.

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


You once felt it wise to ignore my monition, but now the
danger has grown to gargantuan proportions. Without swift
action, the city is sure to fall to the forces of our enemies. Now is
the time to strike, before they can regain their strength. Our agents
are in place and the prize is there — if we dare to take it.

— deCaligula, letter to the Council

How to Use
This Book

Chicago by Night has been designed for Storytellers to
use ina number of ways. Hopefully, you will be able to use the
information herein to create your own city. Much of what has
been written here is as applicable to Cincinnati or Amsterdam
as it is to Chicago, and Storytellers should feel free to treat it
as such.

Chicago is this book's focus, however, and it contains
everything a Storyteller needs to base her chronicle therein.
It includes the people, conflicts and places that play key roles
in the unlives of the Damned. With this book, the Storyteller
can send the characters right into the heart of Chicago's
insanity, and have stories to last as long as the characters do.

Additionally, the Storyteller can take the information
included herein and adjust it to her own vision of Chicago.
For instance, this design for Chicago leaves the city princeless
and in the midst of a power struggle. If the Storyteller prefers
amore conventional setting, she can create a prince and then
revise the politics and intrigues around him. This method is
especially useful if any of the players have read this book and
are in need of a good surprise.

References

Storytellers opting to change this material for their own
purposes should be ready to do some of their own research.
Even those Storytellers who use this book as written can
benefit from doing their own investigations, as Chicago by
Night focuses on the supernatural aspects of Gothic-Punk
Chicago.

There are many different resources available to anyone
playing the game. Most bookstores and libraries have travel
guidesabout the city. These contain maps, lists of restaurants,
descriptions of important buildings, and may even describe
the city's atmosphere. These same places may have copies of
the Chicago newspapers — the Chicago Sun-Times and the
Chicago Tribune — which can provide you with a feel for the
city and innumerable story ideas.

Beyond these basic sources, there are other books and
movies that can help the Storyteller. Even a photography
book can help the Storyteller describe parts of the city to the
players.

What follows is a brief list of sources for the city of
Chicago. It is not exhaustive, and you probably will not use
all the sources listed. Those that you do use, however, may
well prove invaluable.

Reference Books
Chicago for a Day
Frommer's Chicago
Fiction
The Jungle, Upton Sinclair
Chicago, Studs Terkel
Chicago: City on the Make, Nelson Algren

Dominion, Fred Saberhagen
Carl Sandburg poetry

Movies

The Untouchables (for its view of Chicago's early
crimelord)

Ferris Bueller's Day Off (basically a visual tour guide of
the city)

The Blues Brothers (there can be no better view of Daley
Plaza)

Risky Business (for anyone who needs a reason to destroy
Chicago's suburbs)

Flatliners (a good mix of science and the Gothic in
Chicago)

Marked For Death (the gang influences continue)

Backdraft (gives a good feel for the Gothic buildings)

Candyman (not only an excellent movie, but a superb
look at Cabrini Green and its citizens)

Contents

The six chapters of this book should provide the Story-
teller with everything she needs to set her chronicle in
Chicago. This first chapter introduces and explains the rest
of the book. Chapter Two summarizes the city's history, with
particular emphasis on the role of the undead. Chapter Three
offers a brief geography, and Chapter Four presents many of
the city's Kindred. Chapter Five details the alliances, politics
and schemes of many of these vampires. Finally, the Appen-
dix provides an in-depth explanation of vampiric politics, as
well as hints to expand this part of any chronicle.

What's New

The first edition of Chicago by Night came out two years
before the publication of this volume. Since that time, the
city has undergone dramatic changes. Travelers who have
not seen the city in a number of years would be amazed at the
difference.

Chapter One: Introduction 9

The most obvious differences stem from the death of the
prince. Lodin left his mark on every aspect of the city; his
demise has led to great upheaval. A number of contenders vie
for the vacant seat, and their maneuverings are sure to
involve most of the city's Kindred.

The princedom is not the only important part of Kindred
society in transition. The primogen itself, despite retaining
all its members, is in disarray. During all previous upheavals,
these elders have known who was responsible for what, and
on whose side everyone was. This was not the case during the
attack on the city.

That some Kindred had prior knowledge of what was to
come became obvious. Some of the primogen even left town
shortly before the attacks began, returning only when the city
was again safe. While its members have never had any reason
to trust each other, their distrust has increased dramatically,
further hindering the search for a new prince.

In fact, this higher level of paranoia merely reflects the
increased deadliness of the game behind the scenes. The
puppeteers sense that their long Jyhad is coming to a close,
and will spare no effort to eliminate their foe. No pawn is
sacred.

One group that previously had little involvement in
Chicago's war, the Sabbat, has joined in with reckless aban-
don. After instigating the events of Under a Blood Red
Moon, a number of its members have stayed in the city,
taking on positions of power. Others have come to the city in
the nights since, only to find themselves caught in the
Methuselahs' war.

New Malkavians have also arrived in the city, although
those most aware of them feel sure their presence is not
voluntary. The eyes of the city follow these newcomers,
certain they provide some clue as to who is really behind the
city's intrigues.

There are a number of newcomers whose presence is
even less appreciated. Most normal people believe some-
thing odd has just happened in Chicago, but witch-hunters
are sure of the fact. Some of the most important figures in the
Society of Leopold have come to the city at the same time
that there is no prince to deal with them. Arcanum scholars
are flocking to a newly founded chapterhouse near North-
western University. Of course, the FBI is interested as well.
Finally, all the city's vampires are now aware that Chi-
cago hosts a number of Lupines within the city itself, not just
on the outskirts. While an extremely uneasy truce keeps the
two sides from returning to war, no one feels safe anymore.
Unlike their neighbors in Milwaukee, who have always been
at war, the Chicago Kindred are not used to this sort of hatred
and fear. Another outbreak of violence is almost certain, as
the vampires become more and more conscious of their
uncertain hold on the city, and the precarious nature of their
very existence.

Theme

Chicago is not the city it was two years ago. Then, its
conflicts bubbled under the surface. They festered and grew,

but rarely broke the layer of scum hiding them from prying
eyes. Now, however, the battles have become more overt,
and everyone looks over her shoulder. Suspicions, formerly
silent thoughts, now fuel acts of violent rage. Trust, always a
rare commodity in Chicago, has become nonexistent among
the Kindred. The city's leaders suffer these fears even more
than the average neonate does.

The price of power, then, is the theme of Chicago by
Night. Those Kindred in power have become paranoid,
bitter, afraid to make the slightest move for fear of what the
result may be. Paralyzed by their own strengths, they fear that
everyone else is out to get them — and they are right, for the
layers of intrigue are as deep and as dark as the grave.

The Storyteller should keep this theme in mind while
running the chronicle. While each story should have its own
theme, the price of power should always be a complication.
Thus, as the characters become more of a factor in the city,
they should find they have more to fear.

The more vampires who know about the characters, the
more enemies they have (or will make). The more control
they gain over mortal institutions, the more likely it is that
hunters come after them. While the characters may be
unknowns at the beginning, the longer they stay in the city,
the more involved they will become in its battles. The more
they become involved in its battles, the more they become
pawns of the Ancients, and the less freedom they have.

Mood

As the theme implies, the mood of the city is intense
suspicion. No one trusts anyone else, lies are the norm and
backstabbing is not only accepted, but expected. The char-
acters should never know whom to trust, and may quickly
learn to distrust everyone. Of course, when they become this
paranoid, the Storyteller has the perfect opportunity to hit
them with someone they need to trust, but won't.

No one in the city, be it vampire, mage or anyone else,
really knows what is going on. The more one learns, the more
one realizes that there isstill more to be learned. For instance,
just when the characters begin to learn the identities of the
major candidates for prince, they should begin to see that
each of the candidates for prince is being manipulated by
someone else. If they can't discern the puppeteers, they
should at least realize there must bea force behind the scenes.

As the chronicle continues, the characters should no-
tice just how few of the city's inhabitants truly trust each
other. Not only do the Kindred doubt the motives of other
vampires, but unless a mortal is completely under vampiric
control, no vampire will trust her. This attitude tricklesdown
tothe kine residents of the city, and observant characters will
see how few of them trust each other.

The only vampires the characters may trust are each
other — and then only if they are truly stupid.

Personal Touches

The Storyteller should feel not only free, but almost
obligated to change the material in this book. Herein is the

10 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

rm

WY

yr

material for a chronicle, but it is left to the Storyteller's
imagination and creativity to make it work. Every troupe of
players is different and no two Storytellers are alike. By
keeping in mind the players' desires as well as his own, the
Storyteller can use this material to run a truly memorable
chronicle.

Unless you play around with this material, you will never
really be comfortable with it. Create a new candidate for
prince, or give Chicago a single ruler. Have werewolves run
through the streets every night, or turn the city's government
over to witch-hunters — whatever you need for your own
chronicles.

While these characters have been designed to mesh
together in an intricate Chinese puzzle of conspiracies, plots
and counterplots, individual characters can easily be lifted
from the landscape of Chicago and placed in any situation
the Storyteller sees fit. Use Chicago as an example of what a
city is like —a template for your own city. Don't be afraid to
leave Chicago entirely and use any other city (your home-
town, ora city you know well) as the setting for your games.
The best roleplaying occurs when it takes place in the
Storyteller's own creation — while that can eat up enormous
amounts of time, it is one of the most rewarding things about
storytelling.

The Damned

Chapter Four details most of Chicago's remaining vam-
pires. Touse this book more effectively, however, aStoryteller
needs to understand what is going on in this city. The politics
are torturous and neverending; Final Death is the price of
failure. The intrigues have become more dangerous than they
used to be, and Chicago's vampires more likely to resort to
violence.

Many of the vampires were Embraced in Chicago, and
others have been in the city forso long that they might as well
have been born there. It has left its stamp on them as surely
as they have left theirs on it.

Power Structure

Use power for power

Use hate for freedom

Use money for cruelty

Use money for cruelty

Take control and keep it

— Swans, "Power for Power"

Until the werewolf attack shook Chicago to its core, the
city was ostensibly ruled by Lodin, a Ventrue who seized
control in the 19th century. With his murder, and the deaths
of so many other Kindred, Chicago's power structure is in
disarray. Many contenders for the empty throne have ap-
peared, but no clear leader has emerged.

Chapter One: Introduction 11


Lodin's Laws

Prince Lodin may have met his Final Death, but his
laws live on. Whether out of habit or good sense, most of
Chicago's Kindred still abide by these dictums. As new
blood flocks to the city, however, this is sure to change.

1) None in my city shall kill and leave behind evidence of
their feasting. If your slaying causes an investigation among
the Police, or worse, among the Press, then I shall track you
down and extinguish you — or, if others speak for you, exile
you. Youmustlick all wounds, and dispose of all those you kill
I hold the Fourth Tradition in strong regard and do not take
such violations of the Masquerade lightly

2) Donotharm the travelers to this city, for its wealth is
based upon its status as a center of commerce and travel. You
may feed from such, but do not leave any evidence of your
feast. You should not test me on this, for these folk are the basis
of the wealth of my realm

3) Have nothing to do with any of those among the Press.
They are to be strictly ignored. They are my Domain. Neither
should you attempt to enslave or manipulate the Police of this
city. They are my Domain as well.

4) Keep the sanctity of Elysium, for that is our place of
rest and recreation. No act of violence or struggle shall be
tolerated therein. You may attend my court there, as allin my
city are free to do, but you must not carry your conflicts into
the sanctity of its ground

5) Donot hold commerce with my enemies or those who
seek to usurp my rightful authority. I shall repay treachery with
treachery, rebellion with iron might. Let me caution you: I
know all that happens within my realm. Do not think you can
keep secrets from me

While all the candidates hope they will become prince
on their own merits, the issue will, no doubt, be decided by
the true powers of the city — those unseen Cainites who
direct everyone else. Over the course of the chronicle, the
characters should constantly be trying to discover who these
powers are. Once again, no one knows the whole story.

In such an atmosphere rumors and conspiracy theories
abound. Some believe the Tremere plan a takeover, while
most elders suspect the anarchs are readying to make their
move. Some vampires fear the Sabbat, while others insist
that there are Ancients at work in Chicago, and yet others
fear all these occurrences.

Some Chicago Kindred believe the elder/anarch war
will actually wane with the death of Lodin. Much of the
anarch anger was caused by and directed at his harsh reign.
The anarchsstill exist in the city, however, and have no plans
to curtail their activities.

What escaped the notice of casual observers was that
Lodin served at the behest of the primogen, which was much
more than a council of advisors. The primogen still exists; all
its members survived the Lupine attacks. More than likely,
the next prince will also serve them.

Only an elite few among Chicago's Kindred know of the
dark powers that lie beyond the primogen. Only a handful

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

know of the Methuselahs, and even fewer know their names.
The Methuselahs have been at war for more than a millen-
nium, and they use many of the other Kindred as pawns in
their Jyhad. The city has been divided between them. Princes
and potential princes, elders and anarchs, Camarilla and
Sabbat — any and all are pawns of the two Methuselahs.

None in Chicago know what powers struggle above even
the Methuselahs.

Mortal Society

Either I'm a genius

or I haven't learned

a damn thing.

I can't figure how

T remember

how they look the way I'm

going through people

like a dirty book.

— Taoist Cowboys, "Not Even Johnny"

The vampires have controlled almost every aspect of
mortal life in Chicago at one point or another, but that
control has slipped. Kindred control of the city's civic au-
thorities is in great disarray, as Cainites fight over police, fire
departments, city council members and even petty bureau-
crats.

No area escaped the havoc that wracked the city. Busi-
nesses and unions that have been in the vampires' pockets for
generations suddenly can do as they please. While one
Cainite still has substantial control of the city's papers, even
he has found it hard to cover up the recent horrific events.
Finally, even in those places where the Kindred exercise
dominion, other vampires contest their authority, seeking
more power for themselves.

Government

The mundane government of Chicago is still controlled
bythe old political machine —a political machine unrivaled
inany other city in the nation. Though it was overthrown for
a time by an extraordinary black politician, Mayor Harold
Washington, the manipulations of the Kindred allowed the
machine to take over again a few years later.

To this day the machine permeates down to the neigh-
borhood level. Ward bosses look out for the voters in their
neighborhoods and pass out political favors to those who aid
them. Vampiric dominance of this process no longer exists.
Lodin's death freed many of these bosses to act on their own,
without the undead to say yes orno. Individual vampires have
seized individual wards, and even Lodin's former ghouls are
rumored to be involved.

The prime powers of the city — mayor, aldermen, city
attorney, congressmen, etc. — used to be under Lodin's
influence. Cainites are still jostling for control of these
individuals, but the mortals are beginning to fall into the
different camps and, without a prince, may well turn the city's
government into even more of a gridlock than it is today.

Kindred Influence
Nothing can erase this night
And there's still light with you
Rhapsody
And if we can never see the sun
There's still light with you.

— Siouxsie and the Banshees, "Rhapsody"

Chicago still reflects the taste of the Kindred. Those
businesses used or favored by the vampires (particularly the
elders, Ventrue, Tremere, and Toreador) often continue to
exist even if they do not otherwise make a profit. Over their
long unlives, the Kindred have grown used to having their
own way without argument or delay. Money is not difficult
for them to obtain, and thus their decisions are not dictated
by the demands of the profit motive.

Isa local gang troubling an owner, causing said owner to
lose merchandise? The police quickly raid the gang's head-
quarters, and its members are shot while resisting arrest.

Isa health inspector threatening to close down a night-
club because its restaurant does not meet city regulations?
The inspector is quickly and quietly fired, or transferred to
other duties.

Are those collections of dusty old booksa fire hazard that
a fire marshal wants to see removed? The marshal changes his
mind. He may never remember having seen them.

Because of this, many businesses that may no longer exist
in our world flourish in the Gothic-Punk world of Vampire.
However, the owners are dominated by a clientele more elite
than Chicago's rich.

Vampires' predatory instincts extend to more than mere
feeding. The undead think of a business in the same way they
think of a vessel. Drain it too quickly, and that is one less
vessel, or business, to rely on in the future. Such abrupt and
final action also draws attention — a dead body drained of
blood and a business bankrupted by an unknown client are
both potential threats to the Masquerade.

So important businesses still exist. However, they are
rundown and decaying. The owner is so busy catering to the
Cainites that he has little time to worry about painting and
cleaning. Money is what is important, and that comes from
seeing to the needs of these oh-so-important customers
willing to spend their money freely. And so a vicious circle
begins. A vampire finds a bookstore that has a rare book, and
pays a fabulous price for it. Because the bookstore owner
obviously has certain sources and contacts, the vampire asks
for another rare book. The owner is not sure why, but he is
frightened of his new client. He uses much of his profit from
the first sale to expand his net of contacts to find the next
book. Other Kindred hear about this owner who can find rare
books and come to his shop.

Soon, the owner is making large sums of money. How-
ever, the demands of the Kindred come more frequently, and
for rarer items. The owner is spending money just as fast to
search for these items.

The cycle may take years, but eventually the owner
exhausts his sources and cannot find a particular item. The

Chapter One: Introduction 13


A Tribute to Lodin

We have lost a great friend in the Americas. Most of you
knew Lodin, the Prince of Chicago. Unlike many of our kind,
he was a great traveler, and regularly visited here and on the
Continent. His visits were always a pleasure, and he was the
finest of companions.

Despite the criticism anarchs and Licks heaped upon him,
Lodin acted for the good of all Kindred. Some may have called
his rule harsh, others called him pawn, but our welfare was
always paramount in his mind. He defended the Masquerade
with incomparable dedication and ability, and protected all
those of the Camarilla from our many enemies.

His deathis a loss we all suffer. Kindred have lost a superb
leader, the Camarilla has lost a stalwart protector, and I have
lost a dear friend. The world was made a better place by his
presence, and a sadder place by his loss

—Lady Anne, Prince of London, excerpts from a
speech at a meeting of Ventrue

Kindred move on toanew bookstore, leaving the owner with
less money than he had when the first vampire visited. The
store is peeling paint, gathering dirt and falling to pieces. His
mortal customers, spurned for the free-spending Kindred,
have long since moved on to more pleasant places.

Such is the pattern of supply and demand in any city
that hosts the Damned. Chicago is no exception. This aura
of decay — not just in the poorer parts of town but in the
middle- and upper-class neighborhoods — is what gives the
Gothic-Punk world its texture.

Vital Statistics

Chicago sits along the southern shore of Lake Michigan
in the state of Illinois. The lake exerts a strong influence on
the city's climate and has led to the city gaining the appella-
tion "The Windy City" — though local wags attribute the
nickname to the city's politicians. Average nighttime tem-
peratures range from 25° F (-4°C) in January to 75° F (24°C)
in July.

Chicago is not as windy as its nickname might suggest,
but the breezes off Lake Michigan are as constant as they are
brisk, especially on cold winter nights.

Travel to and around Chicago

There are a number of ways to get to Chicago, though of
course it is simpler for mortals than for Kindred. This will not
be a problem for characters native to Chicago, but if your
chronicle began in another city, you need to know how the
characters can get to Chicago.

The Kindred use nearly all means of transportation, but
each involves certain special considerations. Frequently,
another Cainite controls a given mode of travel, and requires
permission and perhaps tribute before allowing another to
use it. All necessary arrangements will then be made. These
"agencies" offer the safest and most efficient travel arrange-
ments for the Kindred, but a character must be in favor with
the elders in order to make use of them.

Vampires almost never travel alone. Retainers are in-
variably employed by all but the most arrogant. Though, of
course, the "agency" provides its own employees, one's own
Retainers are aware of special needs and arrangements, and
can be relied upon to put one's safety above their own. On
long journeys, meals can be arranged, but travelers are nor-
mally expected to make their own arrangements — another
reason for taking Retainers along. Travel is a perilous thing

for the Kindred, and should not be taken without trepidation
and care.

Road Travel

Agencies can arrange travel in specially sealed contain-
ers aboard freight trucks, but this is a fairly new concept.
Characters can arrange their own travel by car, but this is
particularly dangerous. Stops must be arranged each day, safe
havens found (often simply under the bed in a motel room
with the curtains closed and a Do Not Disturb sign on the
door), and care taken for the safe procurement of food. Some
ake

anarchs regularly travel in this manner, but few elders
such risks.

The primary route into Chicago from Milwaukee is I-94;
it joins the JFK Expressway, which enters the downtown area.
The western leg of 1-94, the Tri-State Tollway, forms the
expressway around the city's west edge. From Madison and
Rockford, 1-90 is the main highway; in the northwest suburbs
it intersects I-190, which then curves southwest and contin-
ues into Chicago as the Eisenhower Expressway. This is the
primary route to the western suburbs. In the south are 1-94

~

14 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

(Calumet Expressway), I-57 and 1-90. All three connect with
the Dan Ryan Expressway, which in turn connects to the city
center. I-90 and 1-80 bring in travelers from the Eastern
Seaboard, and I-94 provides access to the city from Michigan.

Air Travel

Chicago is served by two major airports: the enormous
O'Hare, and the smaller Midway, located close to the down-
town area. The smaller Meigs Airport also serves the city.
Flights from all over the world arrive at O' Hare — one of the
largest and busiest airports in the world.

It is very dangerous for vampires to take normal passen-
ger flights — delays or mishaps can let daylight overtake a
night flight, and the window blinds are less than effective.
Private planes, however, are quite viable, as are sealed con-
tainers loaded onto freight planes.

O'Hare was singled out by the werewolves; their fero-
cious attack shut it down for a day, and full service was not
restored until almost a week later. The attack was blamed on
Puerto Rican terrorists, and led airport authorities to increase
security dramatically. While this might normally be a worry
for Kindred, the airport's security forces are under the control
of the Brujah Tyler. As longas they clear it through her, those
traveling by air should encounter few difficulties.

Sea Travel

The Chicago Harbor hosts numerous seagoing vessels
loading and unloading the goods of the world. While its
passenger travel has fallen over the years, few Kindred find it
difficult to sail into town. There are also docks for private
vessels, and more than one Kindred has anchored a private
yacht in Chicago's waters.

Rail Travel

Trains used to be the safest ways into Chicago, but fears
of Lupine infiltration have decreased the numbers of vam-
pires riding the rails. For some reason, the Chicago junctions
were singled out for special attention by werewolves during
their attacks, and nobody knows how many transient Kin-
dred might have died.

Inother parts of the country, however, the system is still
under undead control. Air travel still makes many of the more
traditional Cainites uneasy, and sea travel is too slow, but the
trains are safe, fairly quick and a matter of tradition. Most
often the Kindred ride in specially designed cabooses, but
when one is not available, they have to settle for a private

room in the first-class coach or a sealed coffin in the baggage
car. They will almost always bring along a coffin or other
sealed container in case of an emergency.

Getting around Chicago

I am the passenger

And I ride and I ride

I ride through the city's backsides

I see the stars come out in the sky

Yeah, the bright and hollow sky

You know, it looks so good tonight.

— Siouxsie & the Banshees, "The Passenger"

Once the characters have arrived in Chicago, they need
to know how to get around. Most characters will have their
own transportation — a motorcycle, car or even a limo.
Those who do not have, or do not wish to use, their own
transportation have a number of options.

Road

Taxis are very common in downtown Chicago, but
become rarer farther away from the center. Fares range from
$5-$50 depending on how far the passengers go. There is also
a fairly widespread bus system, and cars can be rented by
anyone with a reasonable credit rating.

Air

Wealthy Chicagoans, visitors and Kindred often find it
easiest to avoid the city's congested highways and take to the
sky. Recent skyscrapers have been built with rooftop heli-
pads, while older ones have had them added to accommodate
corporate and private helicopters. Helitaxis fly about the
city, and have become increasingly popular for the wealthy.
These helitaxis charge $120 for any ride, regardless of dis-
tance. However, they only serve Chicago, the inner suburbs
and O'Hare Airport.

Rail

One of Lodin's now-deceased progeny developed an
extensive system of trains and subways for the city. Generally
affordable and punctual, these trains can take a traveler
anywhere in the city as well as to and from the outer suburbs.
In the time since the Lupine attack on Chicago, however,
crime has increased on the lines and they have begun running
behind schedule more often. Most people think this isa one-
time fluctuation, but some Kindred suspect otherwise.

Chapter One: Introduction 15


SAY
% Me :

oa Ss


They only dimly recalled the things they had lost and refused to
believe that there had been a time when they were pure and happy
— Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man

Chicago has earned itself a host of colorful sobriquets
during its short but illustrious history. Young by European
standards, the city has become known as Gangster Land, Hog
Butcher and the Windy Ci
cal machine has long been one of the most powerful in the

among other names. Its politi-
country, manipulating politics even at the national level.
However, none of these images tell the whole story about one
of America's most intriguing municipalities. The truth is
concealed in the unlives of the Kindred who control this city,
and who have manipulated its history from its very first days.

This chapter describes the history of Chicago — both
the Vampire version of mortal history, and the particular
history of the city's Kindred.

Early Settlers

The first settlers came to the area during the American
Revolution, when the land was still under British control.
United States forces, under Revolutionary War hero Gen.
"Mad" Anthony Wayne, acquired the land in 1795, and Fort
Dearborn was built in 1803. Needless to say, this did not sit

well with the Native Americans who had called the area
home for generations. Here they had their sacred lands, their
burial grounds and their hunting ranges. Newcomers who
tried to displace the land's older residents found themselves
the targets of raids and war parties.

The army abandoned the fort during the War of 1812,
bur returned in 1816 with more settlers and, eventually,
engineers who hoped to establish a new city at this strategic
river junction. The natives found a leader in Chief Black
Hawk, and prepared to defend their ancestral lands.

The United States Army had been enjoying consider-
able success against America's natives ever since the death of
Tecumseh during the War of 1812. However, Black Hawk
thought he had an advantage in the form of the Pale Wolf, a
white man who had lived among the northern tribes since
before Black Hawk's grandfather was born. The Pale Wolf
was actually an ancient vampire who had been born under
the name Meneleus, and now called himself Menele.

Unfortunately, General Whistler, commander of Fort
Dearborn, was under the Domination of Menele's archen-
emy, the vampiress Helena. She had hunted the Pale Wolf

Chapter Two: History 17


18

across the continent for centuries and was more than able to
tip the balance toward the newcomers. She also focused
attention on the conflict, ensuring that fresh troops would be
sent until victory was secured, no matter what the cost.

Indian Wars

Menele had hoped to turn Black Hawk's people into an
effective fighting force capable of standing against Helena
and her minions. Unfortunately, he had little knowledge of
the destructive power of firearms, and despite his trainingand
his followers' own valor, Helena managed to defeat him yet
again.

The climax came during one tragic midnight cavalry
raid on a riverside encampment. Menele, seeing the cruel
slaughter of the brave people with whom he had lived for so
long, burst into a murderous frenzy. Instead of relying on
pawns to fight his battles as he had in the past, he flew into
the fray himself, charging straight at the equally powerful
Helena. He was shot many times, but nothing seemed able to
stop him. The two Methuselahs met with all the fury of a
whirlwind, and the air turned red with the vast quantities of
blood they used.

None of those watching could follow the swift course of
that titanic battle, but finally they saw Helena dig her claws
deep into Menele's ribs. With a scream of agony that made
the earth itself shake, Menele drove his skull deep into
Helena's forehead. The two separated, both thrown to the
ground by their injuries. Menele's remaining braves made a
last desperate charge to rescue their ancient ally, but could
not reach him before Helena's ghoul managed to drive a
burning stake deep into the vampire's neck. At the cost of
many lives, Menele's allies managed to seize his body and
escape into the woods, while the ghoul carried Helena to the
safety of the fort.

Thus, two of the mightiest Cainites in the New World
fell into torpor under the watchful gaze of their mortal allies.
However, their deep slumber did not mean an end to their
age-old feud. From their sleep, the two called to all their
supporters around the world, and Kindred and kine alike
flocked to them.

The First Prince

At first Helena thought she had the advantage, for the
fort and all its inhabitants were hers to command. She
ignored the growing city, allowing Menele to ensconce his
followers among its leadership.

Maxwell became the city's first prince. Sired by an
ancient Spanish Brujah, he had first come to Chicago as a fur
trader. Excluded from the upper echelons of mortal society
because of his race, he found the Kindred to be somewhat less
prejudiced. Indeed, Inyanga — now an ancient member of
the city's primogen — first became interested in moving to
Chicago when she heard that a black prince ruled it.

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


The Civil War swelled Chicago's mortal population
amazingly; however, few new vampires arrived, as most were
enjoying the spoils of war. With the end of the war, though,
came change. New Cainites began pouring into the city
despite Maxwell's efforts to keep it a Brujah haven. Num-
bered among the newcomers was the Ventrue Lodin.

By 1871, Maxwell and his allies had finally managed to
stem the influx. Then came the horror of Devil's Night.
Flames lit by a suicidal Malkavian swept through the city like
amurderous squall, burning everything in their wake. Amaz-
ingly, few mortals died, but the fire gutted 18,000 buildings
and almost completely annihilated Maxwell's supporters
among the Kindred.

With the city's vampiric establishment in disarray, Lodin
saw his chance. Opting for a night when Inyanga had left
town, the Ventrue made his move. With a small band of
Toreador and fellow Ventrue, he attacked Maxwell in the
Brujah's East Side mansion. Expecting a swift, one-sided
struggle, the usurpers found Maxwell much stronger than
they had anticipated. Many were decapitated by Maxwell's
saber before one of the Toreador managed to tear his arm off.
Maxwell escaped through a window and has not been seen in
the city since. Lodin wanted no rivals among his own kind,
and methodically destroyed those few Ventrue who had
survived the battle. From this point on, all the Ventrue in
Chicago were of his line.

After the Fire

While those Cainites who remember the great fire still
call it Devil's Night, Chicago as a whole actually benefited
from the destruction. Massive rebuilding rejuvenated the
city; within a few years it had surpassed its old glory and,
under Lodin's leadership, became one of the industrial pow-
ethouses of the Americas.

With such rapid growth came unexpected turmoil.
Lodin's power among mortals radiated from the top down,
and he gave those mortals he supported the power and
freedom to increase their wealth at will. He used the twin
powers of money and force (the latter through his police and
special security guards) to keep the masses in line. Still, it
came asa shock to Lodin's ego when the workers upon whose
backs the city had been built began to protest their desperate
conditions. The fact that a vampire could transform that
massive unhappiness into a bid for power also came as a
shock.

The Challenge of Modius

The Toreador Modius seemed to come out of nowhere.
He quickly gained support among the mortal workers and
disgruntled Kindred. Most importantly, he had the backing
of the Gangrel Inyanga, the Nosferatu Khalid and the Brujah
Procet, three powerful elders who had not liked Lodin's high-
handed and violent assumption of power.

At first their battle involved few confrontations; both
sides relied on mortals to bear the brunt of the conflict
through the 1880s. Soon, though, Lodin found his mighty
police force and private security agencies negated by the
workers' more violent elements, and found himself lacking
vampiric allies.

The great institutions Lodin had created to ensure the
stability of his rule began to crumble in the face of spreading
strikes and violence. His hopes that a strong, controlled
economy would create a tranquil environment for Kindred
and kine alike proved illusory. Even with the aid of two new
lieutenants, Ballard and Drummond (the latter of whom was
recently destroyed by Lupines), Lodin seemed incapable of
anything save delaying his eventual overthrow.

First he tried to destroy some of the union leaders during
a protest in an open-air market. One of his mortal agents
threw a bomb into a crowd of police, setting off a riot that led
to the deaths of several union members and police officers —
and death sentences for four union leaders, though none
could be linked to the bombing even in Chicago's kangaroo
courts.

This move, however, backfired on Lodin. The dead men
gained far more influence as martyrs than they wielded
during life, and union fervor rose to new heights. Lodin swore
not to make the same mistake twice, but events took the next
episode out of his control.

Pullman Strike

The Pullman Strike of 1894 is considered to be one of the
great tragedies in union history. A strike against bad working
and living conditions managed to unite black and white
Pullman workers and cripple the nation's rail system — a
direct threat to Lodin's most recent lieutenant, the railroad
baron Drummond. Without even consulting his prince, he
used government troops to attack the workers and break the
strike. Drummond's rash action swayed public opinion even
more strongly in favor of the workers. The incident became
a worldwide scandal and an embarrassment for the city.

Lodin finally concluded that his current arsenal was
incapable of stopping the workers. He began casting about for
a suitable tool to control the workers, and decided upon a
socialist leader, Tommy Hinds. He quickly Embraced the
prominent socialist and used Dominate to force Hinds (who
was also recently slain by Lupines) to turn on the other labor
leaders.

Hinds began by co-opting the union leadership with
promises of personal wealth and power in return for ensuring
the workers' complacency. Industries most at risk were forced
to upgrade pay and working conditions, while recalcitrant
unions began to suffer the first takeover attempts by orga-
nized crime. Modius' forces were slow to react to this new
threat, but when they did it was with a violence previously
unknown during the long conflict.

Chapter Two: History 19


Tired of the seemingly endless battle, Modius' followers
had become impatient and less willing to rely on the kine.
Led by the anarch Balthazar and his sire, they began to seek
out and destroy Lodin's helpers among both Kindred and
kine. Now Lodin knew he had the rebels where he wanted
them. He sought out the eldest Cainites in the city and
stressed the risk being run by the anarchs' violations of the
Masquerade. He also promised to do his best to keep the city
at peace, and received the elders' grudging approval to end
the long war by any tactics necessary.

At the same time, Hinds made his infamous visit to
Balthazar and convinced the Brujah toswitch sides. With the
assistance of Balthazar and the quiet acquiescence of the
primogen, Lodin began a systematic campaign of extermina-
tion. He managed to mask his attacks as a series of Blood
Hunts against violators of the Masquerade and, by the begin-
ning of World War I, had managed to destroy most of his
opponents. However, Modius — with the secret aid of
Annabelle Triabell — managed to fortify himself in Gary,
then a center of union strength.

Cauchemar
Praxis

The next 50 years have become known as Cauchemar
Praxis, atime of peace among the Kindred. Lodin liked to take
credit for this quiet era, but most Cainites think of the time
as the years when Chicago muddled along. Still, even this
relatively quiet period had its share of excitement.

The Creation of Elysium

Lodin learned to fear the growing power of the primogen
during this time. This powerful coterie of elders first demon-
strated its power shortly after Lodin seized control of the city.
Originally, the primogen consisted of those who felt the new
prince had overstepped his bounds. While none had been
able to accuse him of violating the Traditions, at least three
— Inyanga, Khalid and the Brujah Procet — felt that his
actions created a dangerous precedent. They also feared
Lodin might use his new power for ill, possibly by hunting
them for their own ancient vite.

These three threw their support behind Modius, but
found their power checked by the mysterious might of the
Ventrue, the Tremere and the Malkavians. Thus, they de-
cided that the city's true authority should rest in the combined
forces of the elders. Shortly after World War I, tentative
invitations went out, and soon the greatest of Chicago's
Cainites began to gather.

They took their cue from an ancient Toreador tradition
that rendered places of cultural significance off-limits to
violence. Calling these places of safety the Elysium, they met
in the hallowed halls of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
Wreathed in the strains of the Brandenburg Concertos, the

20 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

city's supreme vampires found themselves engaged in what
would become a hallowed tradition. While the first meeting
ended with few tangible accomplishments, all who attended
left with the feeling that they had found a way to settle
differences that might otherwise flare into bloody conflict.

Passing notes, engaging in heated telepathic debates and
carrying on arguments through messengers, the primogen
began to establish a power structure superseding that of
Lodin. As long as they reached a consensus among them-
selves, they were more powerful than he. These ancient
Cainites were utterly unconcerned by the fact that much of
what they wanted to accomplish would require Lodin's
acquiescence — willing or otherwise.

Lodin knew about the gathering, but did not fully
appreciate its import until he moved to make Capone his
newest lieutenant. This conflicted with Procet's own plans to
manipulate the underworld, and put the two on a collision
course. Whereas in the past this conflict might have been
decided by combat or kine manipulation between the two
protagonists, now the question came before the primogen as
a whole. By a 5-2 vote they decided to allow the prince his
new neonate, but on matters of the underworld Capone
would have to bow to his elder.

Lodin shook with rage when he learned of the decision.
There had been no primogen in the land of his Embrace, and
these meddlers seemed bent on ruining all his hopes and
dreams. Again and again he found himself checked by their
might, with no means to resist them.

The Interdiction

Lodin refused to forget the challenge Modius had made
to his rule. As long as no new threats emerged, the Prince of
Chicago's primary goal remained the destruction of the
Prince of Gary. He began what is known as the Interdiction
of Gary — a scheme to strip Modius of power by destroying
the power of the mortals he controlled. To this end, Lodin
gave Ballard and Capone almost free rein to cripple the
Indiana city's economy and destroy union influence. Though
the Interdiction took some time for its effects to be felt, by the
time Modius and the other socialists realized what was
happening, it was too late.

Gary's economy had long been based on steel. Unable to
drive the steel plants out of the city, Ballard attacked the steel
industry nationwide — something he did with astounding
efficiency. By Dominating the mortal leaders of the industry
into making the most asinine decisions, by strangling invest-
ment and by supporting the growth of foreign steel
manufacturers, Ballard managed to drive Gary's economy
into a depression that has thus far proved incurable.

Capone used the forces of organized crime just as effec-
tively. Extortion, hijacking and various other rackets
contributed to the steady decline of Gary. He managed to
place his underworld pawns in positions of power in the
national unions, letting them attack Gary through the unions
which were active there. After a time, they began to attract


the attention of federal officials. On top of this, all the
Ventrue of Chicago combined to keep Gary from expanding
its infrastructure, building a decent airport or thriving in any
way. The Interdiction has been most successful, and Modius
has proved incapable of breaking it.

In spite of the numerous travails with which Lodin dealt
during these 50 years, he found these times to be among the

best of his unlife — especially in comparison to what was to

come.

The Anarchs

The first indications of trouble came from other princes

across the country. Reports of un-Presented neonates, gangs
of anarchs and marauding Sabbat packs began to reach
Lodin. The decades of relative quiet had not been limited to
Chicago, and Camarilla leaders across the country had grown
complacent in their rule. When threats appeared, they either
mishandled them or drastically overreacted.

The problems began in the South, where many black
vampires aided their mortal counterparts in the struggle for
equality. The princes, almost without exception white prod-

ucts of the racist culture they ruled, responded with ferocious
brutality. For once the kine got the best of the Kindred, and
civil rights became the byword of the day.

The anarchs had not died out in America. While the
Camarilla and the princes had managed to keep them in
check, they had been growing slowly but constantly. By the
1960s, reaction to the brutality of the West Coast princes had
solidified the anarchs' hold on the Anarch Free States. Allied
with discontented mortals, the anarchs met the princes'
moves with organized aggression, and violence swept the
nation.

Chicago's anarchs had been badly set back by the fall of
the socialists earlier in the century, but had been quietly
rebuilding through the years. By 1960 they had surpassed the
forces of Modius in both strength and numbers, and they
quickly became a source of constant concern to Lodin.
Through the early '60s a sort of shadow war developed, with
the city's Ventrue trying to drive out the weaker anarchs and
the anarchs trying to steer mortal institutions out of the
prince's control. Still, both sides avoided serious violence
until 1966.

The Night of Rage

In what has become known among Cainites across the
country as the Night of Rage, the whole situation changed.
The problems started when Balthazar went looking for a
neonate Brujah rumored to have entered the city several days
earlier. The prince's enforcer had no luck finding the new-
comer, but did stumble onto a group of Brujah gathering in

Chapter Two: History 21


Lincoln Park. Afraid that they were plotting against Prince
Lodin, Balthazar and his Ventrue assistants attacked, slaying
two of the Brujah.

Unknown to the Ventrue, these Brujah were a major
reason the city had not already erupted. Members of a band
called Urban Sprawl, these vegetaries had become a leading
force among the anarchs because of the popularity of their
music. They counseled nonviolence as a way for the Kindred
to solve their many problems, but found their pacifism no
match for Balthazar's brutality.

The anarchs responded to the atrocity with a ferocity
that shook Kindred society to its roots. Battles raged across
the rooftops and through the sewers of the giant city. The
elders were not safe, even in Elysium, and some were hunted
back to their havens. By the end of the week more than a
dozen on either side had been destroyed or forced into torpor.
Soon the worst of the fighting had ended, but the war had
come out of the shadows once and for all.

The War of Ages

Chicago, as the largest U.S. city under Camarilla con-
trol, soon became the center of the War of Ages.

Anarchs flocked to the city, and the Camarilla sent a
group of powerful archons to battle them. For the next two
years both sides sniped at each other, maneuvering through
the city in hopes of achieving some advantage. The anarchs
made some halfhearted attempts to take control of mortal
institutions, but for the most part they co-opted the youth
rebellion that was in full swing by that time. The old socialists
mostly stayed out of the conflict, but they did advise and
succor the younger anarchs.

As 1968 dawned, it became more and more apparent
that a showdown could not long be delayed. April brought
with it a foreshadowing of the violence to come. The assas-
sination of Martin Luther King, Jr. caused an outburst of
previously suppressed bitterness. While the riots caused great
concern in mortal society, the Cainites had yet to settle their
conflict.

That happened in August. From all parts of the country
and the world, Kindred and kine poured into the city for the
Democratic Party's presidential convention. Tensions steadily
rose throughout the convention. The city was full to burst-
ing, and the blood of nearly every Cainite in the city was close
to boiling as intoxicating aromas wafted from the excited
mortals. At first, the fighting seemed little different from
es — small groups from each side ambush-

ing one another.

The true violence started on April 28th, after Lodin
obtained leave from the (Ventrue) Justicar to settle the
anarch problem once and for all — and it is doubtful that
even she would have given permission if she had known what
Lodin had in mind. As the anarchs and mortal rebels pre-
pared for night and began to head from Lincoln Park into the
streets, the prince launched his assault. Armies of police and

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


elders flooded into the streets and attacked the protesters.
Battle was joined, with much of it shown live on national
television.

Never before had the anarchs experienced an assault of
this magnitude. Faced by mass charges of heavily armed
police, the ranks of the protesters crumbled, and the anarchs
were forced to flee. Once they were out of sight of the
cameras, groups of elders and archons set upon them. More
than 100 vampires from all parts of the world disappeared
that night. Notall were extinguished, but it is said that ashes
covered the streets the next morning.

The prince's forces took their share of losses, but for the
first time in centuries the Camarilla began to feel that the
anarch threat had been crushed. Though many were shocked
at the risk to the Masquerade — some film had to be
destroyed, and certain eyewitnesses influenced or disposed of
— stability was finally restored to Chicago. Not only had the
Chicago Anarch Movement been crippled, but anarch lead-
ers from all over the country had been destroyed as well.
Many cities had the very hearts of their rebellions torn out,
and princes everywhere felt free to launch brutal purges.
Anarchs everywhere were forced into hiding: an age of
repression had dawned.

Chicago had suffered more than any other city; its very
soul had been torn out. Though the elders had won, for years
they walked in fear, terrified of an attack by vengeance-
crazed anarchs. Those few rebels who still lived in the city —
for it was impossible to catch them all — went as far
underground as possible. Those shielded by the mightiest
allies or possessed of the wiliest intellects managed to survive,
but Lodin hunted down and killed as many as he could. He
outlawed siring in the metropolitan area— an edict that was
actually obeyed for the most part. For 10 years the anarchs
played almost no role in the city. They still existed, but only
on the fringes of Kindred society.

The Return of the
Anarchs

No matter how obscene the existence of vampires may
be, they remain a part of nature, and nature abhors a vacuum.
Slowly, anarchs began filtering back into the city or were
created despite Lodin's edict. Confident that his victory had
been final, Lodin began to relieve the pressure he had exerted
for so long. He declared a truce and officially accepted the
presence of anarchs in his city. As long as they obeyed his
laws, he said, they were welcome to remain. However, he
insisted that they Present themselves to him at Elysium.
Though they distrusted him greatly, none thought that he
would risk breaking the Masquerade, and so, slowly, most of
the remaining anarchs Presented themselves.

Despite the new tolerance, it might have taken decades
for the anarchs to recuperate had it not been for the appear-
ance of Maldavis. She seemed to come out of nowhere but,

supported by respected anarchs and displaying mysterious
powers, she quickly rose to a position of authority among the
battered rebels. She began to forge anew Anarch Movement.

The Council
Wars

Even with the addition of Maldavis, nothing might have
happened if Lodin had remained careful. Overconfident
from what he saw as his crushing victory, he decided to
consolidate his power.

He began by making several neonates to help him rule
those parts of mortal society with which he remained uncom-
fortable, and to keep his more ambitious progeny in check.
He desperately wanted to limit the powers of his first brood;
likewise, he wished to gain a hold over the powerful media
and the computer technology that were becoming increas-
ingly important to daily commerce.

The primogen had begun to take notice by the time
Lodin had sired the fourth neonate of his second brood. At
first, only those who had historically opposed the prince
voiced any opposition, so little happened. This frustrated
minority began to support Maldavis' rise among the anarchs,
feeding her their own potent blood and teaching her the dark
secrets of the city. Maldavis never knew who her mentors
were, though there were many she suspected.

Despite all this, she remained but a minor irritation to
the prince until early 1983, when Lodin turned yet another
member of the primogen against himself. This time he
angered Annabelle Triabell, one of the leading Toreador.
While she was not a particularly potent force among the
primogen, hers was the vote that would split the council.
With her changed position the Council Wars began.

As is often the case with Kindred politics, the world of
the kine reflected this fierce struggle. The powerful post of
mayor had been one place where Lodin's authority had never
been challenged, and he had always filled it with mortals
more than willing to do his bidding. Maldavis chose to strike
here first, and after years of preparation she presented a new
candidate for mayor — Harold Washington. Though she did
not control him herself, she did ensure that Lodin could not
tamper with him. Lodin was caught completely off guard, and
the primogen restrained his immediate urge to crush Maldavis
and slay the mortal candidate. On April 15, 1983, Harold
Washington became mayor.

Horrified by what he had lost, Lodin ignored the
primogen's restrictions and attempted to strike back. To his
amazement, he found Maldavis' forces prepared, and was
shocked to find that even with all the Ventrue behind him,
the anarchs remained beyond his reach. For four years the
battle continued, although unlike earlier conflicts violence
played secondary role. The main arena turned out to be that
of mortal politics, as both sides jockeyed for position in hopes

Chapter Two: History 23


of using the kine to do their dirty work. Though some
Kindred were destroyed, no one wanted to repeat the Night
of Rage.

During those years, Maldavis' power grew while Lodin's
shrank. Despite his best efforts, the prince could not discover
her hiding places, yet the anarchs sought out, confounded —
and occasionally slew — his own supporters with impunity.

The Camarilla did not listen to his complaints, as the
sect did not want to provoke another Night of Rage. Lodin's
despair grew when he realized that some of the primogen
supported Maldavis. His remaining pride would not allow
him to beg for their help when he learned that they had
turned against him.

Operation Incubator

Lodin began to respond to Maldavis' delicate machina-
tions with cruder, less sophisticated maneuvers of his own.
For instance, around Christmas 1985, he implemented Op-
eration Incubator, whereby he attempted to ruin some of
Maldavis' key mortal allies through police harassment and
public embarrassment. His plans backfired when news of
these efforts reached the public and a scandal erupted over
the "persecution" of the city government. Somehow the story
had managed to bypass his censorship.

Maldavis' strength reached its peak in the spring of 1986.
During the next year, anarchs destroyed many of the prince's
lackeys in the city governmentand installed their own pawns
into many of the city's positions of power. Finally, desperate
and terrified for his very existence, Lodin threw himselfat the
feet of the primogen and begged their forgiveness right before
Thanksgiving of 1987.

For hours he listened to the elders' complaints on the
wayheran thecity, until finally they reachedadeal. Annabelle
agreed to switch sides if the prince would agree to give one
certain Ventrue remarkable freedom and grant her the right
to make two neonates. Even the primogen had to abide by
Lodin's rule against the Embrace, for it was ratified by the
Camarilla, but Lodin had no choice but to grant the privilege.
Moreover, he was required to attend the primogen in Elysium
on the first Monday of each month, to hear their complaints
and to listen to their advice.

Fortified by this change in fortunes and Annabelle's
revelation of a spy who had been dogging the Ventrue, the
prince set to work regaining his power. Lodin began his
Thanksgiving Massacre with a direct strike against the popu-
lar mayor whom Maldavis had brought to power. The Ventrue
drained him to the point where he died the next day ofa heart
attack.

That day, aided by the capture of one of Maldav
trusted lieutenants, the prince's mortal servants began track-
ing down the anarchs and killing them as they slept in their
havens. The following night turned into one of terror for

most

Maldavis' remaining allies. Lodin's forces watched all their
havens, and nowhere could they find safety.

24 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Once again, the anarchs lost the bulk of theirstrength to
the prince's onslaught. This time, however, was even more
horrifying. Licks would go to sleep in the safest of their
havens, only toawaken at noon as stakes were driven through
their hearts. The mighty Brujah Procet, a member of the
primogen, was numbered among those who disappeared.
The prince almost managed to slay Maldavis herself, but
she managed to survive through means Lodin never under-
stood. Hesuspected continued treachery among the primogen.
He had to content himself with the knowledge that the
greatest threat to his power had been defeated, and set
himself to work regaining his grip on mortal society.

The Unseen
Threat

For several years Lodin concentrated on rebuilding his
strength among the kine. He worked tirelessly to eliminate
theanarch threat, fighting its members locally and becoming
more involved in the Camarilla to fight the rebels around the
country and the world. Perhaps these distractions explain
what happened next.

By the Light of the Moon

On a moonlit night in 1993, a force of werewolves
attacked buildings in the heart of Chicago. The focus of their
rage appeared to be the Succubus Club, a well-known night-
club and secret haven for one of North America's most
powerful Kindred. The attack galvanized the Kindred com-
munity, leading Prince Lodin to call a Blood Hunt against all
the city's Lupines.

Few Kindred were aware of the extent of the werewolf
population in the city, and none expected the sort of response
the Blood Hunt drew. While at first the vampires succeeded
in killing a number of Lupines, their enemy soon struck back
in unbelievable numbers.

This time it was the Kindred who were killed on the
streets, in their havens or anywhere else. Werewolves struck
every center of undead power, including train stations, O'Hare
Airport, businesses, the Tremere chantry, and the Succubus
Club yet again. Pitched battles caused great destruction on
both sides, and few involved in the fighting were left un-
scathed.

Approximately one-third of the city's vampires died
before the primogen could arrange a truce. While many
werewolves were also killed, they still maintain a strong
presence in the city. Most vampires believe there will be more

The Flood

Chicago is constantly wracked by odd events, which
the Kindred automatically assume to be part of the Jyhad.
For instance, in 1992 a rumor spread through vampire
society that the Tremere were trying to discover just how
many Nosferatu were in the city and where their havens
were.

This rumor had just about played itself out when a
flood struck the downtown area. At first most Kindred
thought the flood was of natural origin. Then word began
spreading about the damage done to the Nosferatu under-
ground havens. Investigators also discovered a large
number of homeless people who drowned during the
flood, though their deaths were hushed up.

Putting one and one together, most Kindred in the
know have blamed the Tremere for the flood, which
paralyzed Chicago's core for the better part of a week.
Nobody seems to know exactly why the Tremere might
have done such a thing, but the theories are flying thick
and fast.

For instance, some Toreador like to speak of Khalid
unnerving the Tremere Nicolai at the opera one night.
He entered the boy wizard's private box without being
seen, and only appeared when intermission was over. The
Nosferatu's sudden emergence startled Nicolai, who
jumped out of his seat and embarrassed himself in front of
his Retainers.

On the other hand, some Brujah believe Lodin paid
Nicolai to cause the flood, hoping to destroy his oppo-
nents. Being incompetents, the Ventrue/Tremere team-up
failed, causing more damage to their own financial insti-
tutions than to their foes.

The Nosferatu Elucid told some of his allies that the
flood was not caused by the Tremere at all, but by an
unknown Nosferatu in a bid to destroy Khalid. The
attempt failed, Elucid said, but not before destroying
Khalid's haven and bringing the Final Death toa number
of other Nosferatu. Elucid disappeared during the Lupine
attack, and no one has any way to verify his claims.

trouble soon, and others whisper that the Sabbat was some-
how behind all the carnage. The idea of a Sabbat/Lupine
alliance makes everyone extremely uncomfortable.

Kindred in other cities have also been keeping close eyes
on the events in Chicago, afraid that the Lupines might try
the same thing in their own towns. Some have visited the
Windy City, hoping to learn from its experiences, but have
found the city's power structure in such disarray that they
could learn little.

Chapter Two: History 25


Secrets within
Secrets

In the shadowplay, acting out your own death, knowing no
more

— Joy Division, "Shadowplay"

Most intelligent Kindred of the city suspect that more
goes on than meets the eye. The more paranoid see Gehenna
behind every new incident, but others suspect some all-
encompassing Jyhad played out against the backdrop of
Chicago. These latter hold the correct view.

Both Helena and Menele have remained in the city.
Despite their long torpor, the two have continued their
eternal war, and most (though not all) of the major events
that shake the Kindred emanate from them.

Helena's forces centered around Prince Lodin (before
hisdeath), while Menele controlled the city'sanarchs through
his Blood Bond with Critias and his Domination of their
other leaders — many of whom died during the werewolves'

attacks. Thus far, most of the battles have revolved around

each Methuselah's attempts to kill off the other's allies, and
many Kindred have perished in consequence.

Now, the game has taken on a new and subtler dimen-
sion. Helena decided to rise from torpor in 1990. Weakened
by her long sleep and disoriented by a world so different from
the one she last knew, she moved slowly. While she has tried
to discover Menele's pla s been
tempered by concern over the mystical protections Menele
may have guarding him — and what her enemy's minions
could do to her still-recovering body if they should discover
it.

ce of rest, her search ha

Indeed, she is sure Menele instigated the events of
Under a Blood Red Moon, and was responsible for the attack
on the Succubus Club itself. She is nearly certain he has
penetrated her disguise as the neonate Portia, and has thus
begun to take a more active role in the city, though she still
masquerades as a neonate

For instance, because her pawn Juggler lost many of his
followers during the upheaval, she has decided to organize
the anarchs herself. To this end she has taken over the
Succubus Club and turned it into a rebel haven. By the same

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


token, she has begun directly Dominating Ballardand Capone,
and is trying to decide if she wants to place either in the
position of prince.

She has also begun grooming other allies to aid her in the
Jyhad. She has taken to spending time with Nicolai, the
leader of the city's Tremere. Subtly using her Presence, and
aided by her stunning beauty, she seeks to make the boy
wizard fall in love with her.

She hasalso summoned otherallies to her side, including
one of the city's recent Malkavian arrivals. Through Tyler,
she has brought in a new Sabbat pack to serve her. She now
actively seeks out Menele's haven, hoping to end their
conflict once and for all.

Menele, on the other hand, has slowed his part of the
conflict. While in the past he might have moved at once to
end Helena's rise to power, now he tries a more subtle tack.
Justashe has caused Helena to believe she controls Annabelle,
so he hopes to make her think she has indeed taken control
of the anarchs. This strategy is hazardous — Helena might
actually succeed in taking over the anarchs — but Menele
considers it worth the risk.

He decided on this new approach after the events of the
Council Wars. For a long time, his sleep was plagued with
questions about his actions during that time. He began to feel
that he had played the pawn Maldavis too early instead of
letting her grow to the point where she would have been an
unbeatable foe.

Ashe began to trace the entire history of his great Jyhad,
ahorrible doubt began to gnaw deep within his bosom. Were
his actions his own? Did someone manipulate him as he
manipulated others? Was some older and more powerful
vampire using him in even deeper schemes? Might his arch-
enemy be plotting out all this for reasons unknown? The
thought assailed him and rode through his dreams. Now, he
plays to ensure his own control, doing anything in his power
to prove that he still has free will.

Helena believes she won the Council Wars, but that
Menele sacrificed Maldavis in order to make Helena believe
she had taken control of the primogen Annabelle. Helena
thinks that continued use of her mighty Dominate forced
Annabelle to switch sides. In fact, Menele plans to set up a
number of pieces within Helena's camp, making her believe
she controls them. Then, when he feels the time has come,
he will spring them on her in one brutal move aimed at
ending their Jyhad for all time.

Timeline

This timeline is only a brief overview of the history of
Chicago, summarizing the more detailed history presented in
the rest of this chapter.

1700s Menele makes his way to the Plains Indi-
ans and lives with them. He learns the
ways of peace, and comes closer to attain-
ing Golconda.

1820 Helena finds Menele once again, forcing
him to flee to his friend, Chief Black
Hawk.

1832 Ina great war between the soldiers at Fort
Dearborn and Black Hawk, the Indians
suffer a grievous defeat. In the process,
both Menele and Helena are so injured
that they enter torpor.

1833 Chicago proper is established.

1837 Maxwell takes over as prince of the city.

1871 Devil's Night. O'Leary lights the Great
Chicago Fire. Lodin takes advantage of
the chaos to overthrow Maxwell.

1880 Modius begins his rise to power.

1886 Haymarket Riot.

1894 Pullman strike.

1901-1906 — Unions reach height of their power.

1908 Balthazar betrays the anarchs.

1913 Lodin finally brings the unions under
control and Modius flees to Gary.

1913-1966 | Cauchemar Praxis. Time of peace and
quiet under Lodin's leadership.

1919 First meeting of the primogen and estab-
lishment of the Elysium.

1921 Lodin starts interdiction of Gary.

1966 Night of Rage.

1968 Democratic Presidential Convention.

1983 Council Wars begin. Harold Washing-
ton elected mayor.

1987 Lodin victoriousin Council Wars. Harold
Washington dies.

1990 Helena awakens.

1993 Garou and Sabbat assault the city, de-

stroying almost half the Kindred.

Chapter Two: History 27



Chapter Three: _
Geography

the bowels of the Devil

let me tell you what the sucka eats

its stomach's filled with lost souls

guts made out of steel and concrete

— Body Count, "

The Chicago of the Gothic-Punk world is architectur-
ally little different from the city existing in our world. People
still strive to reach the sky, and 100-story buildings loom over
those below. But the shadows between the buildings are
somehow deeper. Few pedestrians dare to walk the streets
after dark, even in the better parts of town. Those who do
have no good purpose in mind. Even in the heart of Chicago
(especially in the heart of Chicago) it is the lower class, the
criminals and the undead who rule the nighttime streets.

Building styles ranging from Gothic to contemporary
tmiake up Chicago. The builders who left their influence on
Chicago were too full of life and vision for the Kindred to
have had much interest or success in altering their work,
though Lodin was known to have bankrolled some. The
occasional Gothic structure, such as the Chicago Tribune
Tower, still exists, but the vampires are mostly content to let
their influence work in other areas.

After the Great Fire of 1871, the city was seen as a place
to "start from scratch." Several engineers-turned-architects
—mensuchas Louis Sullivan, William Jenney, D.H. Bumham
and David Adler — rolled up their sleeves and went to work.

"Bowels of the Devil"

These businessmen had little interest in European styles of
architecture, and developed a more "functional" architec-
tural style. Adler designed auditoria to distribute sound, not
to look pretty. Sullivan built stores that were practical and
convenient.

Several recent inventions of the era also influenced the
changes. These were the mechanical elevator, the caisson
foundation, and the replacement of load-bearing masonry
walls by iron frames. These innovations led to the beginnings
of Chicago's tradition as "Skyscraper Central." Later builders
like Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and Frank Lloyd Wright made
their mark on the skyline, giving the city a cosmopolitan
flavor all its own.

While Chicago is surrounded by a number of suburbs
(known to Kindred as the Outlands), the Kindred have little
interest in these areas. The suburbs are very much three-
bedroom home, shopping mall, and fast food oriented. An
occasional gang of anarchs may take refuge there, and one or
two Gangrel have havens in suburban parks, but overall the
Kindred are rarely seen here. Therefore the suburbs are not
discussed in this book.

Chapter Three: Geography 29


30

The more "genteel" clans (Toreador, Ventrue, and
Tremere) prefer the culture available to them in the heart of
Chicago, and avoid the Outlands. While the Gangrel view
the central city as a more chaotic place than the sedate
Outlands, the Nosferatu and Brujah eccentricities of appear-
ance and style stick out like sore thumbs in these quiet
neighborhoods. And, of course, the Kindred can carry out the
Masquerade more easily in Chicago itself. In the heart of the
city, no one wants to know where that scream came from, or
who (or what) left those bloody footprints.

Chicago by Night divides some of the most important
areas of Chicago into a number of different neighborhoods.
These include the Downtown, the East Side, South Side,
West Side, North Side and the Outlands.

Downtown

While Chicago is far more than the sum of its down-
town, this area is still the heart of the city. This area contains
both the Loop and the "Magnificent Mile" (North Michigan
Avenue). The Art Institute of Chicago, the Museum of
Contemporary Art, and the Civic Opera House are all
located here. These locales are easily accessible to Kindred of
an artistic bent.

The most sophisticated stores are found along the Mag-
nificent Mile. Many of these cater to the Toreador, who
consider themselves obligated to keep up to date with current
fashions.

This area is also the heart of Chicago's business activi-
ties. Those Kindred who enjoy the world of high finance are
rarely far from such buildings as the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange, the Board of Trade, and the International Mon-
etary Market. Even if they are unable orunwilling to participate
directly, their Retainers are a common sight.

The Loop

This part of the downtown area was so named in the
1890s because of the rectangle formed by the tracks of the
elevated trains. The name also refers to the convergence of
cable car lines into this area, the center of the city. To this day
cable cars still ply the street alongside the Gothic-Punk El (in
place of the bus system that actually exists). However, the
Kindred, particularly the younger ones, have given itanother
name — "the Hive." This is very much the center of the city,
although it consists almost entirely of office buildings, and
not much happens here at night. This is the bulk of Down-
town, though Downtown does extend beyond the Loop.

Shopping
There are several major stores in this area, including
Marshall Field's (111 North), Carson Pirie Scott & Co. (1
South), and Capper & Capper (1 N. Wabash Ave).

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Ve esssnasesoeese (HICAGO AND ITS SURROUNDINGS [SSSss*ssssssc
> iii 7

q 28

Weatwrn Ave,

q
eo)

Wheaton

{33}

Chapter Three: Geography 31


Bookstores are popular in this area. One of the major
stores is Kroch's & Brentano's. The I Love A Mystery
Bookstore (Stevens Building, Suite 810, 17 N. State St.) is
popular with the newer generations of Kindred. It hasa large
collection of mystery, horror and science fiction paperbacks.
Younger Kindred often come here to keep up with their
favorite authors. Older vampires can occasionally be found
here, casting supercilious eyes over the Stephen King shelf.

The older Cainites prefer rare and antiquarian books.
The London Bookshop & Gallery (79 W. Monroe, Suite
1121) is popular with those Ventrue who are familiar with
the good old days of Elizabethan England. Most Tremere and
other Kindred with an interest in rare books will patronize
not only Kroch's & Brentano's, but Kenneth Nebenzahl, Inc.

saaaattlannns.,

(333 N. Michigan, 28th floor) and J. Stephen Lawrence Rare
Books (230 N. Michigan Ave., Mezzanine).

The Modern Bookstore (407 S. Dearborn, 2nd floor) is
a common place to find those Kindred more interested in
contemporary writers and events. Those bom in Europe,
Africa or Asia occasionally go to Powell's Book Warehouse
(1020 S. Wabash, 8th floor), which is the best place in the
city for foreign-language books.

Music

Those interested can find a number of music stores near
Wabash and Jackson. The most popular among the Kindred
are at the Fine Arts Building, on South Michigan. Most of
them note with amusement the motto on the front of the
building: "All passes — art alone endures."

aassaanassnsssese | TART OOP |
CTWUwTTTVnii ica NKinnRn a
i a a
\ fg
MM. a ‘ <
ea: ie ES ay {] POINTS OF INTEREST
WACKERDR: 5 - ESO. WATER 1) ART INSTITUTE
7, | : Zk 2) BOARD OF TRADE
: : 2\_JéL| 3) Cry HALL-COOK
io "fue 5—2-| _ COUNTRYBUILDING
© @: | 4) CIVIC OPERA/CIVIC THEATER
z 5) DALEY PLAZA
e gp' | 6) REDERALPLAZA
OF ) | 7) FIRST NATIONAL BANK PLAZA
EWASHINGTONST. || Grant,| 8) FINE ARTS BUILDING
PARK | 9) GREYHOUND STATION
10) MARSHALL FIELD'S
7. eo — 11) CHICAGO MERCHANTILE
0: nl EXCHANGE
RRO 12) ORCHESTRA HALL
a a & EI 13) ROOSEVELT UNIVERSITY
Se z & AUDITORIUM
E-ADAMS ST. = (1) 14) SEARS TOWER
6) EI 15) STATE OF ILLINOIS CENTER
i : 4, 16) TRAILWAYS STATION
: Paschso HEAD, 17) UNION STATION
{i | | Ei be 18) NORTHWESTERN STATION (RTA)
AT of SU
SS 2 CONGRESS PRUY. aja |
ii) aD

32 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Bein & Fushi, on the 10th floor, handles rare bowed
instruments, while Eugene S. Gordon deals in woodwinds.
Nearby, Schilke Music Products works on brass instruments.
Kindred so inclined have called upon Bein & Fushi on
occasion to repair antique violins.

There are other music stores in the area, particularly
along South. Members of Baby Chorus can occasionally be
found at Chicago Guitar Gallery (216 South, 3rd floor), Sid
Sherman Musical Instrument Co. (226 South, 3rd floor), or
Drums Ltd. (218 South, 8th floor).

There are also several Elysium-governed buildings near
here, including the Orchestra Hall (220 S. Michigan), the
Fine Arts Theater (410 S. Michigan), and the recently
rebuilt Auditorium Theater (70 E. Congress Pkwy.).

Art

A little to the east is the Art Institute of Chicago. This
building is the largest art museum in Chicago, and contains
any number of priceless paintings, including Grant Wood's
American Gothic and Seurat's Sunday Aftemoon on the Island
of La Grande Jatte. Younger Kindred and Brujah prefer the
Museum of Contemporary Art, but their elders enjoy sur-
rounding themselves with the best of the past centuries.

Politics and Business

The "heart" of Chicago is at Daley Plaza and City Hall
to the northwest of the Art Institute. Those Kindred who
dabble in politics come here "after hours," issuing instruc-

tions to their Dominated politicians. Joseph Peterson, one of
Lodin's brood, is a regular visitor.

Several blocks south of City Hall is the financial district.
The Chicago Board of Trade Building, which also contains
the Chicago Board Options Exchange, is a focal point in this
area. Other nearby buildings include the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange (444 West), the MidAmerica Commodity Ex-
change (175 West), and the Midwest Stock Exchange (120
S. La Salle St.).

Most Licks take no interest in commodities trading, as it
gives them little opportunity to take advantage of their
special abilities. Still, there are a few who dabble, including
Alan Sovereign and Jacob Schumpeter. Those who do gen-
erally prefer free-willed Retainers to Dominated traders.
These Retainers can be seen trying to sell or buy contracts
near the close of business on any given day.

Miscellaneous

West of the financial district are four places of note:

The first is Union Station, one of Chicago's two major
train depots anda principal point of departure for Cainite rail
travelers. An Amtrak train provides ample concealment for
a coffin or other resting place, while remaining sufficiently
public to invite little risk of attack by lycanthropes. A
vampire will usually take a night train, have at least two
Retainers on watch, and employ Dominate or Presence to
make sure the conductor is friendly.

Chapter Three: Geography 33


34

nl ae NEAR NORTH SIDE athens

SW iii i MMMM

E \ North}
IGHTW( Var Ne a |
Pol

teu)

id,

ARLINGTO!

oe ete

Lincoln

iW

POINTS OF INTEREST

1) CHICAGO ACADEMY OF SCIENCE
2) City HALL
3) DALEY CENTER
4) FANUM
5) JOHN HANCOCK CENTER
6) MAGNIFICENT MILE
7) MARINA CITY
8) MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART
9) NORTH RUSH ST. NIGHTLIFE AREA
10) OLD TOWN NIGHTLIFE AREA
11) PRUDENTIAL BUILDING
12) TEMPLE OF AKHENATON
13) TRIBUNE TOWER
14) WATER TOWER
15) WATER TOWER PLACE
16) WRIGLEY BUILDING

MICHIGAN AVENUE UNDERGRO

Milton Lee
Olive Park

Navy Pier

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Additionally, rumors have begun cropping up about an
abandoned warehouse south of Union Station that holds
nothing more than a destroyed model train set — one
precisely to scale and completely accurate in its duplication
of Chicago's rail system.

The second place of note is the Prudential Building. For
more information on this building, see "The Hive — Places
of Note."

North of Union Station is the Civic Theater, on 20 N.
Wacker Dr., which contains the Civic Opera House. The
younger Kindred typically have little interest in opera, but
other vampires come here for the season, which runs from
September to mid-December. For years there have been
rumors of a Methuselah in the city who has a strong interest
in the opera and rarely misses a performance. To date no one
can determine if the rumors are true. The entire Civic
Theater is part of the Elysium.

The third noteworthy location is new to Chicago, hav-
ing opened only three months ago. Bartholemew's Silver
Crafts on Randolph Street became an extremely popular spot
for Kindred during and after the Lupine attacks, when it was
discovered that the blind artisan who ran the shop could
make large quantities of silver bullets — "for novelty pur-
poses." Little is known about Bartholemew, for he says little
andall his apprentices are recent hires. Many, many Kindred
have recently sought his services.

The last place of interest to some Kindred is an aban-
doned business at 1026 W. Van Buren. Two years ago, Lodin
approached Khalid and made a deal with the Nosferatu. In
exchange for the Nosferatu plaguing the building with swarms
of rats, Lodin offered him the right to sire. Nobody knows why
Lodin made this deal, or if Khalid ever again sired, but the
building has been a haven for rats ever since.

The Magnificent Mile
and Near North Side

The first thing one notices when one crosses the Chi-
cago River on Michigan is a series of stairways leading
downward. From these one can enter lower Michigan Av-
enue, one of several streets that the city created to ease traffic
congestion. In the Gothic-Punk world of Vampire, most
people wouldn't drive down there ona bet. This underground
area is part of the Barrens. For more information, see "The
Barrens — Places of Note."

Shopping/Food

In direct contrast to lower Michigan, the first mile of
North Michigan going north from the river is known as the
"Magnificent Mile." This area is a strip of exclusive stores
catering to Chicago's élite. Almost anything, from the most
up-to-date fashions to jewelry, linens and furniture, can be

Chapter Three: Geography 35


bought here. Several expensive hotels also dot this area.
Valued guests of the socially oriented clans often take rooms
at such places as the Drake or the Mayfair Regent.

Restaurants

Although there are many restaurants of note in this area,
two in particular stand out. The first is Daley's, located on the
west side of the "1000" block of North State Street. An
American/International restaurant, its prices are high but
not extreme, and its menu is an extensive mix of steak, pasta
and seafood. It isa popular spot with Ballard, who often holds
meetings here. On two separate occasions Kindred-fights
broke out when Ballard summoned neonates here. Such
breaches of the Masquerade have never gone unpunished,
but Ballard has Dominated the owner, Arnold Daley, and
fellow diners into silence on such occasions.

An abandoned brewery backs onto the restaurant and
faces Dearborn. It became a rendezvous for Juggler's anarchs
despite its proximity to Ballard's lair; they apparently did not
realize the danger. The Lupines targeted this building during
the war, and none of the Kindred in it when they attacked
have been seen since.

The second restaurant is Spiaggia, at 980 N. Michigan.
Once the finest Italian restaurant in Chicago, the Ventrue

Ballard has ruined it. It was here that he chose to start

training himself to keep solid food down. In the early days,
before Ballard was accustomed to eating, he would sometimes
suddenly vomit at his table — and he always insisted on the
best, most conspicuous tables. Even though the undigested
food lacked the characteristic smell, the noise was enough to
drive mortal patrons away in disgust. Once used to eating,
Ballard insisted on consuming so much, so unpleasantly, that
it was scarcely an improvement. Owner Anthony Vincenzo,
Dominated by Ballard during the vampire's first night at
Spiaggia, is forced to stand by and watch his business descend
into ruin, and Spiaggia remains open thanks only to the
vampire's largess.

Art

Michigan Avenue, along with River West, is the heart
of Chicago's art scene. Wally Findlay Galleries (814 North
Michigan) is probably the most popular, at least with Euro-
pean Kindred. It specializes in French Impressionist and
post-Impressionist artists. Richard Gray Gallery at 620, and
R.S. Johnson Fine Arts at 625, also attract the city's undead.
Several Cainites also have visiting arrangements with the
owner of the private Terra Museum at 666 N. Michigan; the
museum maintains a large collection of American Impres-
* works.

Younger Licks find the Museum of Contemporary Art at
237 Ontario far more interesting than the Art Institute south
of the river. Vampires interested in seeing the works therein

sioni:

36 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


musteither Dominate one of the contributing artists to getan
"after hours" tour, or break in. While the rules of the Elysium
allow this, it is frowned upon. Balthazar has been known to
stake out the museum, simply waiting for anarchs to break in.

Water Tower Place

Continuing north along Michigan, one comes to Water
Tower and Water Tower Place. The former is one of the
buildings to survive the Great Fire of 1871. A crenellated
anachronism constructed from yellow stone, it was described
asa "monstrosity" by Oscar Wilde when he visited Chicago
in 1882 in the company of several Toreador. Chicago con-
verted the structure into a tourist center some years ago.
Occasionally an older vampire visits to reminisce, but other-
wise the Tower receives little attention.

Water Tower Place, on the other hand, is extremely
popular. It contains almost half the stores on the Magnificent
Mile. Opinions about the building vary. Some declare it to be
a wonder of modern architecture; others call it a marble
monstrosity. It lacks any extensive benches (increasing pe-
destrian traffic and discouraging observation of one's fellow
shoppers) and its marble interior is austere.

Ofcourse, this is perfect from a Cainite pointof view. No
one has an opportunity to scrutinize them, and the lack of
ostentation appeals to many. Because of this, and the high-
class image of Water Tower Place, even Ventrue, who
normally scorn shopping malls, come here until closing time
—and sometimes after. Lodin issued a specific edict concern-
ing Water Tower Place, forbidding theft, assault or other
breaches of the Masquerade. Like many of Lodin's edicts, this
one has begun to be ignored. Additionally, because Water
Tower Place is not part of the Elysium, it is unlikely elders will
ever come to this place despite its wide variety of stores.

Only recently have the city's Kindred discovered that a
band of roving anarchs has made a basement sublevel into
one of its havens. The group became active just after the
attack on the city, and appears interested in making the city
a permanent haven.

Miscellaneous

North of Water Tower is the John Hancock Center. The
third tallest building in Chicago, it houses shops, offices and
condominium apartments. The upper-level garage is a major
convenience for Cainites interested in havens on the upper
floors. As with the Sears Tower, most vampires have little
interest in the lakefront view from the upper stories. They
tarely enter the building except when dealing with one of the
businesses on the lower levels.

Northeast of this area are the Navy Pier and Milton Lee
Olive Park, as well as several beaches and the Outer Harbor.
Even in the Gothic-Punk world of Vampire, this area retains
much of its bright, airy appearance. The International Folk
Fair, in October, occasionally draws several of the foreign-

The Fanum

The Fanum wasat the heart of the events chronicled
in Under a Blood Red Moon. The Fanum was fought
over by werewolves, vampires and mighty spirits; the
initial attack on the building triggered the bloodshed that
rocked the city. Few now doubt that the Fanum has ties
to the Lupines, though some vampires want to know why
it also has ties to the Gangrel.

Worshippers at the Fanum follow pagan theology,
though the temple also hosts other New Age studies and
events. It has a large occult library, as well as meditation
rooms and regular classes in the occult.

The Fanum would have undergone closer scrutiny
had it been further downtown, but its location at the
outer boundary of Chicago's suburbs made it risky to
probe too deeply. Now, with recent events having caused
so much destruction, Chicago's Kindred have begun
calling for an investigation.

Inyanga, the city's Gangrel elder, has so far managed
to put off such calls, but she may not be able to do so for
long. She does know, however, that any such inquiry
would spark off another round of destruction on par with
the last. She is one of the few Kindred in town who are
aware that the Fanum is actually run by the Lupines, and
heavily protected by the werewolves and their spirits.

born Kindred, but usually this area has little to offer a
vampire. Despite a constant police presence, the area is part
of the Barrens.

Continuing north on Lake Shore Drive one reaches the
Gold Coast, Chicago's most elite residential neighborhood.
Whether one is looking for high-rise condominiums, co-ops
or townhouses, the Gold Coast is the place to be — if one has
the money to spare. This area is popular with the recently
Embraced, particularly those who were already fond of the
"yuppie" lifestyle.

North of the Gold Coast is Lincoln Park and the Lincoln
Park Zoo. The neighborhood is elegant — not quite as
expensive as the Gold Coast, but still nothing to scoff at. It
has several tolerable nightspots. Kindred weary of the Rack's
constant brutality often go to such places as the John
Barleycorn Memorial Pub (658 W. Belden Ave.) and Park
West (322 W. Armitage Ave.). Some anarchs used to meet
at the Wise Fools Pub (2270 N. Lincoln Ave.), and Baby
Chorus used to put on shows there when things got hectic in
the Rack. Occasionally the band moved up the street for a
performance at Orphan's or Ratso's.

For those Cainites with a serious interest in the occult
sciences, two of the best places to go are in the Lincoln Park
neighborhood. These places are the Orthodox Temple of
Akhenaton (2551 N. Halsted) and the Fanum (553
Wrightwood — see accompanying sidebar). Both temples
are serious places of the occult, and have flourished in recent
years. True mages have nothing to do with such well-known

Chapter Three: Geography 37


covenants, but there are some talented individuals in the
temples. Though these individuals have little rigorous train-
ing, many are capable of performing a few tricks, and some
have even demonstrated power over spirits or the ability to
walk through astral space.

The temples are considered somewhat amateurish by the
Tremere, and that clan avoids both locations. However,
members of other clans wishing to learn the Discipline of
Thaumaturgy sometimes come here for instruction.

Acolytes at the Temple of Akhenaton devote them-
selves to the worship of the Egyptian deities, including
Thoth, the God of Magic. The common member is usually a
normal-looking man or woman, the same as one might see in
the business district, with a good job and nice family. How-
ever, rumor has it that the members of the rarely seen inner
circle of the Temple's hierarchy are true masters of Egyptian
magick.

The Lincoln Park Zoo is close enough to downtown
Chicago to avoid being considered part of the Outlands. It is
popular with the members of the Gangrel clan, who often
visit after hours. While the Gangrel themselves do not feed
here, many other clans find this an "easy" feeding spot.
Unfortunately, Inyanga, the most powerful of the Chicago
Gangrel, is often traveling. The others of her clan lack the
strength to make an issue of Kindred preying on the Lincoln
Park animals. Rosa Hernandez in particular finds this preda-
tion upsetting. In deference to her feelings, Doyle Fincher
feeds elsewhere (usually at Brookfield Zoo).

Also near Lincoln Park, at the corner of Belmont and
Western, is the police building. Once one of the focal points
of Lodin's power, his Final Death threw Kindred control of
the police into disarray. The elders first noticed this problem
shortly after Lodin's death, when police began a wide-rang-
ing investigation into the events of Under a Blood Red
Moon. It took all the elders' efforts to squelch the investiga-
tion and, in the course of their cover-up, factions of the police
fell into the control of different Cainites.

Now the police, once completely under the prince's
control, find themselves manipulated by a number of differ-
ent puppeteers. Old abuses, concealed when Lodin controlled
both the police and media, have come to light. One of the
most notorious was the existence of a special police "torture
squad." Run by a former U.S. Army officer who had been a
military police interrogator in Vietnam, the squad was used
against anarchs and was especially effective when deployed
against their mortal supporters.

The Ventrue Joseph Peterson could not keep the affair
from becoming public, but he has managed to remove any
links to the Kindred. He has made it out to be a purely racist
organization whose offenses were purely white on black.
Even so, the chaos still gripping the city may bring about
more revelations.

38

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

ightlife

I'ma beast of the night

And beasts of the night gather together

And fight, fight everybody else.

— Suckdog, "Beast of the Night"

North on Michigan, past the Water Tower and south of
Lincoln Park, is Rush Street. This boulevard hosts the most
popular nightclubs in downtown Chicago, drawing even
more heavily from tourists and suburbanites than from Chi-
cago itself. Thousands of residents and tourists enter this area
every night, looking for the proverbial "sex, drugs and rock ‘n'
roll." What is an ebullient — if mildly dangerous — area in
the Chicago of our world is much more threatening in the
Gothic-Punk world of Vampire. This neighborhood is the
hunting ground of the undead, who have their own name for
it — "the Rack." Just as the Elysium is the elders' common
ground, so the Rack is the anarchs'.

Further west one comes to Cabrini Green Park and the
Cabrini Green Housing Project (at Sedgwick and Locust).
The project is the most dangerous in the city, and despite its
position in the middle of the Rack, it is part of "the Barrens"
(see "The Barrens — Places of Note").

Old Town Triangle, north of the project, is still part of
the Rack. It currently enjoys an upsurge in popularity among
the down-and-out following the opening of several new adult
movie houses. There are a few music clubs, but Baby Chorus
refuses to dignify them with a performance, and good music
is rarely heard. Several comedy clubs, including Zanies (at
1548 N. Wells St.) and the Second City Comedy Review (at
the Garrick Theater, 1616 N. Wells), stand out in contrast to
the sleazy nature of the neighborhood. The clubs have made
the area popular with new Licks seeking taste of the frivolity
of their previous lives. The Triangle Inn (at 180N. Clyburne)
is especially popular with the undead.

Overall, the area is not as rundown as Rush Street. The
adult movie palaces and pushers, sensing fresh meat, are
beginning tospill westward from the Rack. No doubt the area
will continue to spiral downward as its dubious reputation
grows. Some migration toward Wicker Park and Bucktown
has already begun; these areas, however, are not as popular
with the Kindred as are the old ones.

The "East Side"

Technically, Chicago has no "East Side," as Lake Michi-
gan marks its eastern boundary. However, this area is popular
with tourists and deserves some mention.

Grant and Jackson Parks, bordering on Lake Michigan
and right off Downtown, make up much of Chicago's South
Side. This huge area was once the city'sharbor. Now landfilled
and extended out into the lake, it is a pleasant area of


parkland. Even the gloomy ambience of the Vampire Gothic-
Punk world is not enough to dim this area very much. In the
Gothic-Punk world, this area is far more dangerous at night
than in our reality. However, it is still much safer than, say,
New York's Central Park is in the real world.

Despite the wealth of human life and activity here, the
parks are considered part of the Barrens; they are too much in
the public eye. The gangs, both human and vampiric, can
find easier prey across the river to the north, or west in the
heart of the city.

Museums

Aside from the parks themselves, this area has four major
tourist attractions. Coming south on Lake Shore from the
Loop, one passes Buckingham Fountain, a large rococo-style

fountain with an hour-long, computer-programmed light-
and-color water display. Beyond the fountain, there are three
museums on Grant Park's south end.

The first is the Field Museum of Natural History, the
largest of Chicago's lakeshore museums and one of the largest
marble buildings in the world. The second, Shedd Aquarium,
lies east along the lake, and Adler Planetarium is even further
east on a small abutment of land.

Further south, in Jackson Park, the Museum of Science
and Industry draws huge crowds (more than four million per
year). Its major attractions are its hands-on displays, a walk-
through coal mine, and U-505, a real German submarine
from World War II.

While these museums are interesting, they hold little
interest for the Kindred. Some older vampires occasionally
visit the Museum of Science and Industry when they feel the
need to update their knowledge and keep in touch with the
1990s. Every decade or so, a Tremere takes an interest in
astrological influences on magic and spends some time at the
planetarium. And for years it has been rumored that an
unknown Methuselah, accustomed to fish vitae, at times
breaks into Shedd Aquarium to feed. The rumor has never
been confirmed, and is hardly believed

In general, though, the Kindred ignore the museums.
They are part of the Barrens, and although they are not
technically within the Elysium, Lodin banned feeding here
and none have opted to break the ban since his death.

Miscellaneous

Chicago Police Headquarters is located west of the Field
Museum on Roosevelt Road. Once strictly forbidden to the
Kindred by order of Lodin, it has since become a hotbed of
activity as vampires seek to control Kindred of importance to
them. Even the Tremere have become involved in this,
taking special interest in the city's occult crimes division.

Soldier Field, home of the Chicago Bears, is located
south of the Field Museum, between Wm. McFetridge Drive
and E, Waldron Drive. Ballard has considerable influence
over the owner, and uses the stadium for his own purposes. It
isa wide-open area, some miles from the "safer" (to Kindred

Chapter Three: Geography 39


thinking) areas like the Rack and the Hive. Because of this,
Ballard will sometimes have neonates brought here just
before sunrise, to put them at a disadvantage and to prove his
power.

Just south on Lake Shore Drive is McCormick Place,
part of the Lakefront Exposition Center. Although inappro-
priately placed for a major convention center, McCormick
plays host to several different trade shows throughout the
year. The Kindred avoid this area, instead waiting for the
Shriners or other convention-goers to venture into the Rack
in search of excitement.

The South Side

South of the river, and farther south of the Loop, lies
Chicago's South Side. Neighborhoods such as Bridgeport,
Gage, Hyde, McKinley and Marquette Parks, Hegewisch,
and Kenwood make up this area. There are a few areas of note
here, but overall it comprises mostly lower- and middle-class

residences, and is populated mainly by minorities. Down the
social scale from Chicago's North Side, the South Side is
more likely to receive the spillover of Cainite battles from
central Chicago.

University of Chicago

The University of Chicago, in Hyde Park, is a well-
known Midwest college. Most Kindred have little interest in
intellectual pursuits, and the neighborhood surrounding the
college itself is rather dull, with little or no nightlife off the
campus proper.

There are two places of interest on the campus. The first
is the site of what once was Old Alonzo Stagg Field Stadium.
The second is of interest to Kindred of a more scientific bent.
In the early 1940s, Glenn T. Seaborg, a leading physicist, led
a group of scientists in an experiment designed to isolate
plutonium. One of the group, Enrico Fermi, directed the first
successful nuclear chain reaction on December 2, 1942. The
plutonium was isolated in Room 405 of G.H. Jones Labora-
tory.

Because of its critical importance to mortal history, this
area has drawn the interest of several vampires, including the
Athenian Brujah Critias, who occasionally visits to discuss
theory with old friends and their protégés. Not knowing his
name, the university people call him "the Doctor," after an
obscure British television program that has achieved cult
status in some universities. Because he never ages, Critias
must disappear for 10 years or so every 30 years in order to
avoid suspicion. Nevertheless, he has become the subject of
some rather bizarre rumors.

40 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


aassasaasnssnnsnssss" THE SOUTH SIDE

AAA ANT MM
4th
4th
2 | som
3 sun
HYDE PARK BLYD.
A 52nd.
1 i
ASHINGTON | S3rd. =| BY
PARK! ST sam Be
=) =|
Sb PL Erz 18 =| 2
55th Z| Sls S25 P I
L_/ SRPRSE OINTS OF INTEREST
a S.S\4l41 13 1) JACKSON PARK
| STth 2) MUSEUM OF SCIENCE
2 AND INDUSTRY
seth 3) OAKWOOD CEMETERY
De ee ae 4) WASHINGTON PARK
je ee 5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO
oe 6) BURNHAM PARK
3
2
=
8
3 63rd
| s
L-§
<
5 65th
MARQUETTE RD, j:
67th
; : 4
Oakwood Cemetery B a Z
ae | 13 pg 2
=/&| ns 8| & z E
¢ 3

Chapter Three: Geography 41


Critias merely dabbles in various fields of science. His
tendency to spout off his wilder theories led to the scientific
community's recent, widespread belief in a feasible "milk
bottle" fission generator.

Bridgeport and Chinatown

Northwest of the Hyde Park area are two significant
neighborhoods. The first is Bridgeport. Home of former
Mayor Daley, this area was once the stockyard center of
Chicago. The advent of trucking and the decline of the
railroads have driven that business into near-extinction. The
area is inhabited by several ethnic groups — descendants of
the workers from the first half of the century (the Irish
predominate).

Most of Chicago's remaining stockyards are in Bridge-
port. Contrary to popular stereotype, this area does not teem
with tens of thousands of head of cattle. The Union Stock
Yard Gate, at Exchange Ave. and Peoria St., is the only major
firm still doing business. At one time the area was a primary
feeding ground for the Kindred who preferred to avoid taking
human vitae. Doyle Fincher, of the Gangrel clan, was born
and Embraced in this area. His haven isin this neighborhood,
and a number of Kindred — those whom Doyle sheltered
during the mid-'80s conflicts — are aware of its general
location.

One shop that attracts some Kindred is the Southwest
Tattoo Emporium, at 4390 Archer Ave. Mike "Doc" Duggan
and Gary "Snake" Martin are the best body artists in the
Midwest, and experts in single-needle technique. For Brujah
looking for that extra mark of distinction, the Tattoo Empo-
rium is the place to go (although, because the tattoos heal
every night, elaborate designs are impractical).

Just a little northeast of Bridgeport is Chinatown. West
Cermak, Wentworth, Archer, Canal, and 26th Street border
the heart of this area. The residents — some 15,000 of them
— often know little or no English. They crowd into cheap
apartment houses, sometimes living 10 to a single-bedroom
apartment, 30 rooms to a building. Filth, grime and poverty
are inescapable parts of life in Chinatown. It is rumored that
there are tunnels beneath Chinatown where the triads meet
and Chinese warlocks cast their spells. If this has any truth to
it, only the Nosferatu know.

These conditions would seem to make Chinatown an
ideal hunting ground. However, the area was under the
"protection" of a powerful Ventrue. He has not been seen
since the Lupine attacks, and many believe him dead. Nicolai,
leader of Chicago's Tremere, has long been interested in
reports of Oriental mages in the area, and may become more
active in his surveillance.

42 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


spgtieistetas— —SBdaan
THE NEAR SOUTH SIDE

[SSSA anna:

TT

mu

I *

F
5
g
Z
5

S. FEDERAL ST.

3

INDANAAVE,

PRAIRIE AVE,
CALUMET AVE, J

POINTS OF INTEREST

1) ADLER PLANETARIUM

2) CENTRAL POLICE STATION

3) CHINATOWN CITY HALL

4) FIELD MUSEUM OF NATURAL
HISTORY

5) JOHN G. SHEDD AQUARIUM

6) MCCORMICK PLACE

7) MERRIL C. MEIGS AIRFIELD

8) SOLDIER FIELD

Chapter Three: Geography 43


Lo Pan

Lo Pan has been in Chinatown longer than anyone can
remember. Those few Occidentals who know of him believe
him to be a successful banker, investor and developer. Most
residents of Chinatown are aware that Lo Pan and the
members of the Wing Kong, a fighting tong, maintain a
stranglehold over much of the area's vice trade. What only a
select few realize is his standing among the world's sorcerers.

Lo Pan's mastery of magic predates any of the mortal
inhabitants of Chinatown. None know whether opponents
forced him to flee China or he left of his own volition, but in
the late 1800s he made his way to Chicago. Once he had
settled in among the growing Chinese community, he formed
the Wing Kong, using it to cement his hold over Chinatown.
Its activities include protection, gambling, drug distribution,
pimping, slavery and worse.

All of this, however, plays a secondary role to Lo Pan's
quest for immortality. Because of Lo Pan's fear of the many
Chinese hells, he will go to any extreme to avoid death.
While this might normally cause him to seek out the aid of a
vampire, Lo Pan wants eternity on his own terms. He has no
worries about drinking blood, but he wants no part of the
Beast, the vulnerability to sunlight or any of the other
handicaps vampires suffer. While he allied with a Vietnam-
ese vampire during the'80s, that vampire's death at the hands
of the Lupines ended that tie.

Now Lo Pan, whose longevity rituals, potions and arti-
facts are becoming less and less effective, is becoming
desperate. He will track down any rumor of immortality, and
will let nothing stand in his way — not even vampires.

Lo Pan is a master of numerous esoteric forms of magic,
including geomancy, spirit control and a number of
Thaumaturgical paths. Aside from the Wing Kong — a
highly effective fighting force in its own right — he also
controls a number of supernatural forces. Demons, ghosts and
other creatures roam the halls of his headquarters and serve
him on special missions.

The West Side

Between the Loop and the western Barrens is Chicago's
Near West Side. Until the 1960s this area held two of
Chicago's major ethnic groups: the Italians and the Greeks.
When the University of Illinois at Chicago was built, most of
these neighborhoods were bulldozed. Remnants can still be
seen — one is "Little Italy," which has some well-known
Italian restaurants and stores, but little of interest for the
Kindred. The vampire Capone still has a fondness for this
area, and has several Italian Retainers here.

Most of Chicago's ethnic Greeks have moved to "New
Greektown," near the Lawrence/Lincoln Square area in
north Chicago. However, a few Mediterranean restaurants
still exist along a two-block stretch of Halsted. Critias occa-
sionally visits this neighborhood; before the demolitions of

44 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

the 1960s he had a haven here. He is more commonly found
at the University. The Athenian prefers the University of
Chicago, where he occasionally teaches, but when discussing
the "soft" sciences, he likes the University of Illinois at
Chicago.

Critias is famous among the Kindred for his "practical
joke" —a series of suggestions he made to campus architects
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill. These suggestions led to such
oddities as University Hall (a tower wider at the top than at
the base) and the Behavioral Sciences and Science & Engi-
neering Buildings (made up of multilevel "boxes," turning
the interiors into oddly twisting mazes).

West of UIC is the Medical Center District. This 370-
acre tract holds more than 60 health care institutions. If a
prized Retainer is injured, this is where his master will bring
him. In fact, one of the chiefadministrators, Gideon Daniels,
is an Ally of Ballard.

Although vampiric activity at the Medical Center has
been low-key in the last few years, the early 1980s were
somewhat chaotic. Several neonates went on a prolonged
"banking" spree among the various blood storage facilities
and test laboratories in the district. Only Lodin's threat of a
Blood Hunt against the guilty parties put an end to it. It was
during this time that Lodin and Ballard contacted Daniels,
forming an alliance. Daniels keeps Ballard informed of cur-
rent medical advances and tends to his Retainers with no
questions asked. Ballard, in return, passes on financial tips
from his advisors, enabling Daniels to make a tidy profit.

Still, Daniels seems too busy with his own work as a
consultant to Developmental Neogenetics Amalgamated to
care much about Ballard. The biotechnology firm has a
substantial research presence in the Medical Center, and
Daniels has been active in its expansion. Last month, some
of the company's directors asked him to keep a closer eye on
Ballard, and Daniels has complied.

Further west on Madison, on the "2300" block, is the old
headquarters of the Black Panthers organization. Several
Licks, including the Brujah Carlyle, have had ties to the
Panthers in the past. The remnants of the Panthers have long
since moved to 4233 S. Indiana, near the Bridgeport neigh
borhood. Carlyle has worked to revitalize the group, and it
has become more involved with the community and local
gangs.

The Eisenhower Expressway (290) separates the UIC
and the Medical Center District from the rest of the Near
West Side. North of the Expressway are several other places
of interest, including "Union Row" on Ashland Boulevard.
The regional headquarters of many influential unions, in-
cluding the Teamsters, are located here. Although the area
is quiet now, Kindred have been active here during the
various union conflicts of the past.

Other places of interest include Broadway Costumes
(932 W. Washington Blvd.), Ginglass Formal Wear Center
(555 W. 14th Place) and several coffin-makers. These places
unwittingly cater to the vampiric community.

— Oe, Sener

QAgQRsP a ypmon

One of the coffin-makers, Spangler Manufacturing, prides
itself on its ability to create special, made-to-order caskets. Its
owner, Gordon Spangler, is remarkably disinterested in the
occasional odd orders he receives. His prices are steep, but his
craftsmanship and ingenuity are superb. Although some
elders feel that dealings with Spangler pose a threat to the
Masquerade, he has never been in danger.

Broadway Costumes specializes in costumes of all sorts,
while Ginglass deals in new and used formal wear and
accessories. An out-of-the-way spot, Broadway Costumes is
still conveniently close to the downtown area. Both stores are
popular with Toreador looking for something special to wear
to a party. Broadway's selection of capes and canes, and
Ginglass' used tuxedos, make both stores popular with neo-
nates looking to "dress the part" on a low budget.

North of the Near West Side, bordering Milwaukee
Avenue, are West Town, Wicker Park and Logan Square,
collectively called the Near Northwest Side. This area is the
center of the city's Polish community, and its only notable
feature is St. Stanislaus Kostka at Noble Street and Evergreen
Avenue. The oldest of Chicago's Polish churches, it is part of
the Elysium because of its Italian Renaissance architecture,

and — according to rumor — the fact that Lodin once took
tefuge there in the days before he became prince. It is
considered the artistic triumph of its designer, Patrick Charles
Keely. Many elders (particularly those of European descent)
enjoy visiting it to see a reminder of the great architectural

achievements of the Renaissance. Indeed, it has become a
private place forsome of them to meet in safety and away from
prying eyes.

West of the Near Northwest Side are the suburbs of Oak
Park, River Forest and Forest Park. These isolated neighbor-
hoods border on the Outlands, and Kindred encountered
here are usually just passing through.

Two of the area's stores are of interest to Kindred. One
is the Creative Workshop (1024 North Boulevard), whose
owner, Tom Cameron, creates custom leather goods. His
specialty is leather suits, for rock stars and for those who like
to look like rock stars. The members of Baby Chorus are
regular patrons, as are some of the other anarchs.

The other is Essence (169 N. Marion St.), a cosmetics
store. The owners, the Berlinski family, have their own
private-label stock, but also carry goods from a wide variety
of other cosmetics companies. Those who have especially
devoted themselves to the Masquerade — particularly To-
reador and Ventrue — shop here to achieve that perfect
"natural look."

The North Side

North of the Lincoln Park area lie several neighbor-
hoods. Among them are DePaul, Lakeview, New Town,
Uptown and Lincoln Square.

Chapter Three: Geography 45


DePaul is a small, up-and-coming area with upper-
middle-class residences — the neighborhood caters to the
young, affluent and fashionable. The only place of note is the
Biograph Theatre (2433 N. Lincoln Ave.), where federal
agents tried to gun down John Dillinger. After years of
obscurity, the theater has gained a reputation for showing
rare, newly released foreign and American films. Italso shows
The Rocky Horror Picture Show every Friday night, in the
process drawinga huge crowd of costumed fans. Many anarchs
come here to feed, for no one would notice the presence of a
vampire in this crowd of Blood Dolls. Damien used to make
an effort to come in costume, but has not returned since the
Lupine attack.

New Town isa potpourri of styles. It has been compared
to San Francisco, both because of its diverse mixture of
nationalities and because of its large gay community. New
Town is also home to the Chicago Cubs and Wrigley Field.
The news that the Cubs were to play night games was
enthusiastically received by some recently Embraced Licks
who harbored a fondness for the team.

The Occult Bookstore (North Clark) draws a little
business, mostly from neonates looking for their first clues to
Golconda. An occasional used book containing some valu-
able information passes through, but most self-respecting
Tremere avoid the store like the plague.

The Piano Man Bar attracts an occasional musically
inclined Cainite. One or two members of Baby Chorus
occasionally visit to see if there is any talent worth "recruit-
ing." Sometimes they get lucky; more often, they leave
disappointed. Raymond Falcon comes here sometimes, in
both his homosexual and musical personas.

Lakeview, to the north, isa little more sedate than New
Town. It acts as a social and economic barrier between the
high-priced lifestyles of New Town, De Paul and Lincoln
Park to the south, and the poorer Uptown and Lincoln
Square to the north. It has large Oriental population, many
of whom moved in from Old Chinatown — a home in
Lakeview is a sign of achievement for residents of Old
Chinatown.

Coming to Uptown, one begins to see a general break-
down in the economic spectrum. This neighborhood lays
claim toone of the city's largest concentrations of the elderly.
It also has a staggeringly large number of the city's poor and
destitute. Because of the lakefront property, however, the
area also attracts the well-to-do, and sometimes the opposite
ends of the scale lie within blocks of each other. As with most
of Chicago, the nowveaux riches line Lake Michigan, the
middle class live inland, and the poor live beyond. In the
Gothic-Punk world, that middle-class band is thinner than
in the real world, and the poor rub elbows with the rich on a
regular basis.

These neighborhoods serve as feeding grounds for the
Kindred of northern Chicago. The Illinois Psychiatric Insti-
tute, popular with Malkavians, is also in this area.

The poor neighborhoods breed violence among both
Kindred and kine. Domestic violence is high here — the
statistics are among the worst in Chicago. Most Cainites
believe the residents do not need an excuse to attack each
other — and since they are going to kill each other anyway,
the Kindred might as well make some use of their vitae.

The only physical location of real interest in Uptown is
Graceland Cemetery, considered a part of the Barrens. Land-
scape architect Ossian Simonds established the grounds in
1860. He commissioned several well-known architects of the
time, including Louis Sullivan. Graceland is a touch above
the "average" Barrens area, and some Kindred find a kind of
solace during their visits here. Although Inyanga has no
permanent haven, she often sleeps here during the daylight
hours.

Lincoln Square became heir to Greektown after the city
bulldozed the original in the '60s. There are any number of
Eastern European ethnic groups here as well as Greeks.
Several popular Greek restaurants and food stores do business
in this area. Griffins & Gargoyles, an antique store on the
"2100" block of W. Lawrence Ave., is popular with the
Ventrue, some Toreador and the occasional aesthetically
inclined Tremere.

Forentertainment, the Athens (4726 N. Western Ave.)
and Miomir's Serbian Club (a block north of Griffins &
Gargoyles) are popular with some European Cainites. Critias,
in particular, regularly haunts both these restaurants, al-
though he prefers Miomir's. The owner is one of Critias'
Allies in Chicago, although the Athenian rarely calls on
him. Miomir has some contacts in the Greek community,
contacts which have proved useful to Critias on more than
one occasion.

The Outlands

A white blazing deep

Through this wasteland searching we

Soaring birds now hunt the brow

As I thirsty gripped with hunger now.

—Peter Murphy, "The Line between the Devil's Teeth"

The Cainite term "Outlands" primarily refers to any area
that is outside Chicago, but that remains connected to the
metropolis. Several of Chicago's Licks maintain havens in
the Outlands. However, they never feed there except out of
desperation. To maintain the Masquerade, as well as the
security of their havens, the Outland-dwelling Kindred come
into Chicago when the sun goes down, and return just before
dawn.

The area is divided into three parts: specific locales,
suburbs and Gary. Each is dealt with below.

46

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Specific Locales

These parts of the Outlands are areas of some Kindred
activity that are too far away from Chicago to be considered
part of the city.

Chicago has three major airports. O'Hare is about 18
miles west of Downtown. Midway Airport is off 1-55, about a
half-hour from Downtown. Meigs Field is on the lakefront at
15th Street, about 15 minutes from Downtown and near
Soldier Field. The hazards of travel by air and other means
have already been discussed. Most Kindred are stay-at-homes,
and rarely travel. Those who wish to travel by air must go to
Tyler, and her price is always high.

Retainers and Allies, of course, are under no such
restrictions. They often make use of O'Hare on Kindred
business; the smaller airports (Midway or Meigs) are pre-
ferred when discretion is desired, but Tyler controls these
airports as well. A recent terrorist scare at O'Hare has
lessened its attractiveness, especially since many Kindred
know the attack was instigated by Lupines.

Kindred usually use Midway Airport. It has more flights
than Meigs, and there is less chance of a transport container
being accidentally opened or misrouted than at O'Hare. If
Tyler has arranged things, there is no danger at all

A common apocryphal story tells of a vampire having
himselfshipped by air from Chicago in the late 1960s. He was
accidentally sent to the wrong destination, and customs
inspectors opened the shipping container in daylight — with
predictable results. Equally predictably, no one who tells the
story knows the identity of the ill-fated traveler; the story is
always passed on by "a friend of a friend."

Other specific locales in the Outlands include the
Brookfield Zoo, racetracks such as Arlington and Maywood
Park, outlying colleges and Six Flags Great America amuse-
ment park.

The Brookfield Zoo is a popular feeding ground for those
Kindred who prefer animal to human vite. Its use of moats to
contain the animals in an outdoor setting makes it simple for
the undead to get at the creatures. Doyle Fincher often feeds
here.

The racetracks serve four purposes. Some Kindred find
a certain amusement in betting on the semi-random results
of the races. Others, particularly the Ventrue, enjoy the
social side of the more sophisticated racetracks. Some elders
and ancillz, particularly Alan Sovereign, use the horses as
business investments and tax write-offs. Finally, those Kin-
dred who feed on animals but wish to avoid the crowds at the
two Chicago 200s often drain the vita from the racehorses.

The outlying colleges hold little of interest even for
those who were Embraced while in school. The vampire
known as Rose usually feeds on college professors and stu-
dents. She prefers to move widely between feedings, in order
toavoid drawing attention to herself. Critias enjoys teaching
an occasional class, and still takes courses himself in order to
keep up on current scientific theories and philosophical

Chapter Three: Geography 47


debate. To maintain the Masquerade, he rarely engages in
Socratic debate to the full extent of his powers, so he is always
on the lookout for Kindred with whom he can share ideas.
Great America is about as far as the Chicago Kindred
consider the "Outlands" to extend. Some neonates, particu-
larly those who were Embraced as children, find great
enjoyment in riding the rides during the evening or even
breaking into the park after closing time. The Tremere
Nicolai, of course, has no time for such childish pleasures.

The Suburbs

The Kindred apply the term "Outlands" to almost any
neighborhood of Chicago that has not been described above.
The term includes any area that has little or no nightclub
activity, few inconspicuous feeding prospects, and no stores
of interest. The suburbs north of Chicago see most of the
slight vampiric activity in the Outlands. Evanston, on the
shores of Lake Michigan, is host to Northwestern University,
and thus occasionally draws a visit from Critias.

Jason Newberry's ("Son's") haven is in Skokie, 16 miles
from the downtown area. From there he can easily reach the
Illinois Psychiatric Institute.

Arlington Heights, 24 miles northwest of Chicago, was
once an affluent neighborhood. Through the years it has seen
an influx of lower-class families, and in the past few years has
gone into a serious decline.

Cicero has long been a mob-controlled territory, and
Capone still controls much of the municipality. While he
maintainsa haven there, he rarely uses it for fear of risking the
Masquerade — too many people there still remember his
face.

This, of course, is only a small sampling of the suburbs
that surround Chicago. Many provide temporary havens for
those needing a place to lie low during one of the intermi-
nable intra-Kindred conflicts. Still, the undead usually prefer
to remain close to the action of downtown Chicago.

Gary

The death of Lodin has legitimized Prince Modius' claim
of independence — just when he wishes that were not true.
Modius has begun hinting that the two cities are actually the
same princedom, and that one prince should rule both. The
idea has not met with significant support, however, as most
Kindred know whom Modius sees as prince.

Another reason few Kindred would look favorably on
reuniting the two princedoms is the prolonged economic
depression affecting Gary. Lodin went about destroying the
city.as completely as he could, and recovery remains a distant
dream. Lodin ruined the city's industrial base (the steel
mills), hindered its economic expansion and brought orga-
nized crime to the city in droves. Modius' inability to prevent
this has made it highly unlikely he could garner enough
support to become Chicago's prince.

Additionally, many Kindred like having Gary separate
from Chicago. No matter who becomes prince, problems
between the two cities will likely continue, allowing the
Kindred to play one against the other and always have a
nearby place of safety.

Geographically, Gary is closer to Chicago than some of
the Outland suburbs that are actually part of the city, such as
Chicago Heights and Elgin. There isa regular flow of Kindred
traffic from Chicago to Gary, not only because of the oppor-
tunity for an easy meal but because of such businesses as Gary
Exports Co. and the Williams Auction.

For more information on Gary, see Vampire.

Elysium

Souls of poets dead and gone,

What Elysium have ye known.

—John Keats, "Lines on the Mermaid Tavern"

The Elysium is not so much a specific physical location
asa reference to any building favored by the elders. After all,
few large cities have a central area containing all the cultural
delights that a metropolis has to offer. Chicago is no excep-
tion.

A building considered part of the Elysium is always
devoted to the fine arts or is somehow artistically or intellec-
tually stimulating. Many major museums, art galleries, theatres
and centers of the performing arts are part of the Elysium.

Extending Elysium

The primogen decides whether a new building is consid-
ered part of Elysium. Once the matter has been voted upon,
the primogen informs the city's Kindred. Lodin used to issue
bans or edicts against Kindred violence in certain areas, or
declare that certain areas were "neutral ground," without
declaring them part of the Elysium. The effectiveness of such
edicts now depends on the elders, who may or may not want
to see these traditions maintained.

If in doubt, the safest course is to assume that an area is
within the Elysium. It is extremely unwise to violate the
sanctity of the Elysium, since it is one of the few things upon
which members of the primogen agree. They invariably unite
to punish wrongdoers.

ogg: . s
Buildings in Elysium

Buildings commonly considered part of the Elysium are
listed below. This list reflects the tastes of the elders of
Chicago. While they display the conservatism of millennia,
even they occasionally gain a new appreciation for a particu-
lar art style or type of music. Sometimes this newfound
appreciation is the result of nostalgic reminiscing over their
long-lost mortal lives, while sometimes it is the result of idle
whim.

48

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


The elders may declare that a building is under the
protection of the Elysium for several months, then rescind
the announcement as abruptly. However, the aforemen-
tioned conservatism means the elders rarely make major
changes. The following list has remained essentially un-
changed for some time.

Dance & Ballet

American Dance Center School and Ballet Co. (22413
Governors Hwy., Richton Park); Chicago City Ballet (223
W. Erie St.).

Galleries

Arts Club of Chicago (109 E. Ontario St.); Linda Enfield,
Inc. (620 N. Michigan); R.S. Johnson International (645 N.
Michigan), St. Albus Fine Arts (620 N. Michigan).

Libraries

Central Library (425 N. Michigan Ave.); Cultural Cen-
ter (78 E. Washington).

Museums

Art Institute of Chicago; Block Gallery (Northwestern
University, Evanston); Chicago Academy of Science (2001
N. Clark St.); Chicago Historical Society (Clark St. at North
Ave.); Freeport Art Museum (511 S. Liberty St., Freeport);
Martin D'Arcy Gallery of Art (Cudayy Library, Loyala Uni-
versity); Museum of Contemporary Art, Oriental Institute
Museum (Univ. of Chicago); Smart Gallery (Univ. of Chi-
cago); Terra Museum of American Art (2600 Central Park
Ave., Evanston).

Opera

Chicago Opera Theater (Athenaeum Theater, 2936 N.
Southport Ave.); Civic Opera House.

Orchestral

Orchestra Hall; Pick-Staiger Concert Hall (1977
Sheridan Rd., Evanston).

Theater

Arie Crown Theatre (McCormick Place, 23rd St. &
Lake Shore Dr.); Civic Theater.

Miscellaneous

Auditorium Theatre; Fine Arts/World Playhouse; Petrillo
Music Shell (Grant Park); University of Chicago (South
Side).

Places of Note
Art Institute of Chicago

The Art Institute of Chicago is one of the finest art
museums in.the world, and undoubtedly the best in the
Midwest. Its collection of paintings includes pieces dating

from medieval and Renaissance times, and represents the
entire world. As such, the Institute is probably the most
popular area of Elysium among the elders — indeed, among
the Kindred at large.

The paintings alone include works by such artists as El
Greco, Monet, Renoir, Rembrandt, Cezanne, Degas, Picasso,
Chagall, Matisse and Dubuffet. Works from the last two
Chinese dynasties are displayed as well. In fact, at least three
major Asian works are believed to have been anonymously
donated by an elder.

While not to the taste of most elders, other displays
include ceramics, the Rubloff paperweight collection, the
Thorne dollhouse exhibit and the photography gallery. Even
Licks Embraced as children are occasionally seen here.

The Institute evolved from the Chicago Academy of
Design, which was established in 1866. It was incorporated as
the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts on May 24, 1879, and
assumed its present name in 1882. Since 1893 it has been
located on Michigan Avenue, within a large, handsome
Renaissance-style structure built by Shepley, Rutan and
Coolidge for the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893.

The Institute's hours are 10:30-4:30 Monday and
Wednesday-Friday, 10:30-8 Tuesday, 10-5 Saturday, and 12-
5 Sunday. Tuesday is the only night when Kindred can visit
legitimately — and even that is denied them in summer.
Therefore, the elders consider this building to be "closed"
sunset to sunrise. Rarely a night goes by without at least one
Cainite visiting and viewing a display or exhibit.

In fact, the Art Institute is one of the rare places in
Chicago that is truly neutral ground. Even anarchs would
probably rise up against one of their members who broke the
tules of Elysium here. Elders and some anarchs come here
until the small hours of the night to discuss the finer points
of a painting (as well as to plot and scheme). Even Nosferatu
and Malkavians enjoy the museum. The Nosferatu have
developed a taste for fine art, perhaps to compensate for their
appearance. The Malkavians, more than any other clan,
have a special insight into the eccentricities of the artistic
mind.

The sight of vampires from several different clans sitting
ina museum in the dead of night, discussing the brushstrokes
of Monet, is one of the most bizarre to be found in Chicago.

Lyric Opera of Chicago

Chicago heard its first traveling troupe in 1850, and
since 1956 the Lyric Opera has been the resident company in
Chicago. The Lyric Opera is the immediate successor to the
Lyric Theater of Chicago, launched by Fox, Lawrence Kelly
and Nicola Rescigno in 1954, when the city had spent eight
years without its own professional opera. During the Lyric's
annual autumn season, the sumptuous Civic Opera House
(opened in 1929) is filled to capacity. The Lyric is renowned
for its polished productions and internationally celebrated

Chapter Three: Geography 49


singers. On opening nights, almost all the city's elders will be
present. Indeed, unless one has connections, tickets are very
difficult to come by.

Chicago Symphony Orchestra

This orchestra is the third oldest symphony orchestra in
the United States, and still ranks among the most prestigious.
It is managed under a healthy endowment by the Orchestral
Association of Chicago, founded in 1891 — the same year
the orchestra was created. The Association owns Orchestra
Hall, another very lavish building, which was built in 1904.
The orchestra has hosted many distinguished regular con-
ductors, including Fritz Reiner, Artur Rodzinski, Rafael
Kubelik and Sir Georg Solti. The orchestra often travels and
has made a number of European tours.

University of Chicago

The prestigious University of Chicago was established in
1890 by the American Baptist Educational Society. It is a
private institution, though now nondenominational. It has

anenrollment of 8,600, and an enormous library of 4,600,000
volumes, made possible by large gifts from John D. Rockefeller
and his descendants.

Modeled after the German university system, it was
among the first American institutions to emphasize graduate
study. The quarter system for the academic year, used by
many schools, was introduced here. It was also the first major
university to accept women on an equal basis with men. The
university is the center of a noted group of theological
institutions, and witch-hunters have used itasa haven. Italso
hasa very active paranormal psychology department engaged
in a number of "environmental studies" across the city.

The Rack

In some cities, Kindred call it "the Crucible"; in others,
"the Hunting Grounds." In Chicago, Kindred call the area
that is the center of the human nightlife scene "the Rack."
No one knows who first coined the phrase. The term first

Rules of Elysium

Established by Lodin and now enforced by the elders,
the rules for a building that is part of the Elysium are
simple but clear:

1. On pain of a Blood Hunt, no violence is permitted on
the premises against Kindred, kine, or physical objects. Not
only do such acts breach the Masquerade, they could
cause damage to items, causes or individuals the elders
value.

2. The Elysium is to be considered neutral ground. No
conflict of any sort between Kindred may be carried onto its
sacred ground. The elders like to meet and appreciate the
fine arts without other Kindred shattering the peace of
their contemplations. Asa matter of courtesy, discussions
should be limited to the fine arts, and political topics
avoided (except when the primogen meets).

3. Access shall not be limited; all Cainites are welcome.
In practice, those who enter Elysium when elders are
present are assumed to have thrown in their lot with that
group.

4. One should not attract attention as one leaves and
enters Elysium. Some buildings will not normally be open
in the hours of darkness, but in such cases some easy
means of entry and egress will have been arranged.
Guards are often Dominated, and will instantly respond
to certain command words.

Of course, these rules are not graven in stone; they
are more along the nature of guidelines or rules of eti-
quette. A sire will usually — but not always — inform her
progeny of these guidelines, and of the extent of the
Elysium. Lodin used to enforce these rules and, with his

passing, the duty falls to the elders. They may well punish
transgressors even more harshly (that is, unless the viola-
tor can cut a deal).

For instance, an uninformed childe, reveling in his
newfound powers, may decide to Dominate a curator. He
gains access to a sealed vault in the Art Institute of
Chicago, where he scrawls, "Fools! I can go anywhere I
want!" on a valuable painting. He could rightly claim
ignorance, but it would be an inadequate defense. Van-
dalism, defiance and breach of the Masquerade do not
rely on knowledge of the rules of Elysium, and the
youngster would incur the wrath of the elders — and the
respect of most anarchs. A Blood Hunt would be declared
in any case. Such destruction enrages all elders, whether
they like the defaced work or not. Elysium is a symbol of
their power, and to defy its rules is to attack the pillar on
which that power stands.

The rules of Elysium are vague when dealing with the
status of artists and performers. Their work is part of the
Elysium, but the question remains whether they them-
selves are so, especially when they are outside the physical
areas defined as Elysium. This has been a problem in
recent years, as some Kindred — especially Malkavians
and Caitiff in the United States — have made a practice
of hunting thespians, models and the like. Generally, a
performer is not considered "under Elysium," and is fair
game for feeding, Dominate attempts or death. A vam-
pire may be able to commit such a series of murders, or
Dominate a star into becoming a useless alcoholic, with-
out breaching the Masquerade. Of course, there remains
the fury of an elder over the death or ruin of a favored
performer...

50 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


came into popular usage during the 19th century, and has
remained ever since.

The Rack centers primarily on Rush Street. More than
100 different bars, clubs and restaurants populate Rush Street
and its six or eight neighbors. This variety makes the Rush
Street area the most popular nightspot in the city despite its
dangerous atmosphere.

Further to the west, in the Old Town area, the pimps,
drug dealers and gangs have sensed fresh prey. This area's
popularity varies wildly. After a few years of relative quiet
(after a Lodin-sponsored crackdown) some new clubs are
opening in the Old Town Triangle area. Sin-seekers again
flock there, as do those who see them as prey. With Lodin
gone, some fear that it will deteriorate to its old, decrepit
condition.

Overall, the Rush Street neighborhood is a very rough
place (more so in the Gothic-Punk Chicago than in our
own). The singles are just a little more desperate, the hookers
justa little more brazen, and the regulars just a little weirder.
A large number of transvestites, punks and Blood Dolls may
be found here. Gangs walk the streets with impunity and
punk bands outnumber the jazz and blues ensembles. Most
outsiders just laugh at the swaggering punks and claim the
gangs are part of what gives the area its atmosphere.

Fortunately, an unwritten rule keeps most of the mortal
gangs from preying on adventurous couples, or even on most
well-dressed singles. They are all Dominated to some degree
oranother by anarchs, for too much violence would keep the
people away. Then the Licks would have no one from whom
to feed,

But woe betide a well-heeled, defenseless-looking indi-
vidual who stumbles intoa dark alley to relieve himself, or has
been spending big, or runs across a gang that has not seen

action in a while. Said individual will be relieved of his
valuables, ifnot his blood. Even the Kindred are not safe from
molestation — although they can call upon better defenses
than most.

Some of the hottest bands in town come here to play the
clubs. Baby Chorus' multiclan lineup means one or more
Kindred are often gunning for one or more of its members —
anunfortunate situation, as the band prefers the Rack's clubs
‘toanywhere else. Depending on the current state of Kindred
interclan warfare, the group can be found headlining when
the bickering is at a low ebb or sitting in for a surprise jam
session with kine when the conflicts peak. The band can
commonly be found at Andy's (on East Hubbard), the
Backroom (1007 North Rush), or Rick's Cafe Americain
(Holiday Inn on Lake Shore Dr.). The band prefers Rick's —
its members find it amusing to be performing as a "Holiday
Inn Lounge Band," even if Rick's is well known asa hot music
spot. Rick's is also a little farther out of the Rush Street
"danger zone," so trouble is considerably less frequent.

Many of the other bars in the area cater to the singles
scene, providing a perfect hunting ground for the Gentry.
Some vampires amuse themselves by influencing an attrac-

tive member of the opposite sex through Dominate or Pres-
ence; others merely watch the myriad human interactions.
And then there are those who hunt here. They assume —
correctly — that they can drink from any number of vessels
on agiven night without drawing undue attention. A corner
booth ina bar such as Billy's (936 North Rush), Mother's (26
W. Division), or She-Nannigans (16 W. Division) offers
enough privacy for the clumsiest vampire to dine at leisure.
Even on weeknights there is enough of a crowd to provide
plentiful vite for all. Territorial disputes among the Kindred
are uncommon. The Rack is an unofficial neutral zone where
all clans and persuasions mingle.

There are also the Lushes, those seeking a drug or
alcohol "high" by imbibing from an indulging vessel. Most of
Chicago's Licks are not regular Lushes, but many seek the
occasional frisson to enliven their sometimes deadened senses.
There is no lack of suitable vessels.

Of particular note is the area west of Rush Street, still
part of the Rack. Both the Succubus Club and the Cave are
in this area, on State Street. As one moves further west, a
number of X-rated movie houses spring up on Dearborn,
Clark and La Salle. The more civic-minded members of the
City Council have been trying for years to ban them, but
other members under the Domination of various Kindred
have always thwarted them. After all, none of the clans want
this well-stocked hunting ground to dry up.

Places of Note
The Blue Velvet

The Blue Velvet, located on the northern side of what
was once known as "that Great State Street," is west of Rush
Street, in the heart of the Rack. The club is always on the
cutting edge of current musical and stylistic trends. This
makes it popular with mortals, although no one knows who
the owner of the club is. Rumor among the Kindred is that he
orshe is one of them. This helps its popularity with Chicago's
vampires.

Before 1972, the Blue Velvet went through several
incarnations as a Prohibition speakeasy, an Irish pub, a blue-
collar tavern and a gay bar. In 1972 it was taken over by an
unidentified buyer. Rumor of the day had it that the owner
had made some under-the-table profits from the closing
down of the steel mills. From these ill-gotten gains came the
financing for the takeover of Fantastica, as the Blue Velvet
was then known.

The club closed down for three months. Workmen were
kept busy during that entire period, performing a major
overhaul on the building. In May of 1972, the club opened
under the new name of the Blue Velvet.

Among the new additions were four different bars, a
huge dance floor, and a VIP lounge overlooking the entire
club through a one-way mirror. Bartenders and servers were

Chapter Three: Geography 51


brought in from Los Angeles. All have an unfailing memory
of any drink ever created. The waitresses are all tastefully
dressed, despite the name of the club.

The Blue Velvet's popularity ranges across the entire
social spectrum and it attracts Kindred and kine alike. During
Fridays and Saturdays the queue to get in wraps around the
block. Even on the other nights, the club does a brisk
business.

Kindred have discovered that they are admitted imme-
diately if they show themselves at the front of the line. They
also receive a pass for the VIP lounge. The doorman, Ian
Gibson, has an unfailing ability to pick out undead. He has
proved immune to Dominate, and has never answered any
questions about his ability or his employer. He is mortal, but
it is unclear whether he is a "neutral" or whether a Cainite
with the fifth-level Discipline of Possession has done a superb
job of conditioning. Gibson is an imposing physical speci-
men, and serves as the club's first line of defense against
gatecrashers.

Inside, the dance floor is busy right up to closing time.
During the most popular nights of Thursday, Friday and
Saturday, the best DJs in town play the Top 100 for the
dancers. Sundays and Mondays are slower, and attract the
hardcore element with nowhere else to go. The music switches
to progressive rock, heavy metal or anything else that looks
like it might appeal to the fringe types in the audience. Music
on Tuesdays and Wednesdays varies depending on the mood
of the audience. Jazz and country-western are often heard
these nights.

Only the best bands are invited to play the Blue Velvet.
Baby Chorus shows up about once every two months. Band
leaders and agents all claim Gibson is the one who contacts
and pays them, and say they have never met the owner. The
bartenders and servers likewise get their checks from Gibson,
and claim never to have met the owner. Use of Auspex,
Dominate and Presence has proved they speak the truth.

While no one among the Chicago Kindred has ever
admitted to being the owner of the Blue Velvet, the Malkavian
Bronwyn may soon make her appearance. The destruction of
so many vampires leaves a great hole in the city's social
structure — one Bronwyn would be more than happy to fill.
Her sire, Bryan, has already begun meeting with some of
Chicago's important Kindred.

Bronwyn has already made the Blue Velvet a popular
spot for the city's Kindred, and wants to keep it that way. She
has used her position to keep tabs on events in the city,
quietly listening in on conversations and slowly getting to
know the politics of Chicago. When she feels the time has
come to join the other undead, she wants to be ready to deal
with them as equals. She also wants to make sure her debut
is as spectacular as possible.

The Succubus Club

Praying to your angels of darkness

I wanted no part but you needed a partner

Dance beneath the sheets of crimson

Dance in praise of age-old fundamental lie.

— Baby Opaque, "Blue Crimson"

This club is perhaps the most famous of all the night
spots in Chicago — even more famous among the Kindred
than the mortals. An article in the Chicago Reader described
both the club and its most noticeable fans:

The Blood Dolls

"Jason Sanders never wakes before 9 P.M. When he finally
gets out of bed, he immediately tums on his stereo and then
prepares himself for the night. He showers and applies colognes,
ointments and makeup. He dresses slowly and carefully, always
on the lookout for lint or loose threads on his black ruffled jacket.
He squeezes into his skin-tight black leather pants and then
carefully works on his hair, making sure every last strand has found
its proper place. He meticulously picks through his silver jewelry,
finally deciding on a skull ring, a silver and onyx necklace, and an
ankh earring. Then he sneaks past those who do not wish him to
be released upon the night and runs down the black Chicago
streets, heading for the one place where he feels free and alive —
the Succubus Club.

"This is what he does each and every night.

"The entrance to Chicago's most infamous nightclub always
gives him reason to pause. Aside from the hordes of people waiting
and hoping to get in, the very aura the ancient brick warehouse
projects against the modern streets brings him cold anticipation.
The looming structure seems to yell out its heritage despite the
ultramodem purpose for which the visitors use it. Many fail to pass
the strict requirements required for entrance, but the bouncers,
eyeing the crowd with crossed arms, know Jason as a regular and
do not dispute his passage.

"Once inside the notorious establishment, he revels in the
hordes of exuberant dancers who surround him. While billowing
clouds of tobacco smoke mask the scents of humanity, Jason feels
that the club itself amplifies his senses and allows him to notice the
slightest sensations. Within the swirling crowd he discerns others
like himself, fellow products of the same decadent society. They all
know the torture of existence and the decay of civilization — and
they all revel in it.

"Jason joins the others on the dance floor, and soon loses
himself in the pulsing industrial sound hammering through the
building and causing the floor itself to shake. As the final blasting
melodies of Nine Inch Nails fade away, he touches palms with an
attractive young woman dressed completely in black lace, with
whom he shared a glance while they danced.

"The two step off the brightly lit dance floor and make their
way to the darkened recesses of the club. He discovers that his
newfound friend's name is Melissa, though she proves evasive
when he asks about the source of the bloodstain on her lace blouse.

52

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


A mutual friend, yet another club regular, materializes out of the
shadows and invites them to join him in one the club's "floating"
balconies.

"From this new vantage point, Jason and Melissa look down
upon the crowded dance floor and take turns criticizing the motions
of the crowd of which they had so recently been a part. They spot
the armies of rattily dressed punks and impeccably attired gangstas
making their way to the Succubus Club's imposing basement. On
a dare from their friend, Jason and Melissa rush down to the
basement, pushing clubgoers aside on the spiral staircase, and
passing the giant bouncers who guard the passage to the private
penthouse on the third floor balcony. They open the massive
double doors leading to the club's lowest level and plunge into its
yancid-smelling depths.

"Even though no band currently plays on the basement's
mammoth stage, the club's owners keep the immense room dimly
lit, and the haze from hundreds of lit cigarettes makes iteven harder
for the two to navigate the underground labyrinth. Despite the
many visits Jason has made to the Succubus Club, he rarely
ventures into the confusion of the basement, and still has difficulty
finding his way through the labyrinth that was installed several
years ago. At one point the couple makes a bad turn and ends up
face-to-face with several sharp-looking men, apparently arguing
over the cost of a small packet of white powder. Faced with
intensely hostile stares, the pair withdraws with laughter.

"After several more minutes of wrong turns and backtrack-
ing, Jason and Melissa finally reach the alcove their friend had
earlier said they would be unable to find. Then, tired and
exhilarated from their adventure, they throw themselves upon the
bloodstained cushions left by some earlier visitor. Jason draws a
thin penknife from his jacket pocket and Melissa removes one from
asilver chain around her neck. After a quick kiss they both take the
knives to their own wrists and make short, jagged gashes. Then
Melissa takes Jason's injured hand in her healthy one and Jason
takes her bloody wrist in his uninjured hand — and together they
begin to drink. "

No Cainite has ever Embraced either Melissa or Jason.
Neither kine has even turned 18 yet. However, they have
discovered an entire breed of people like themselves —
bored, lonely and jaded. The straights of mortal society have
only recently heard of the Blood Dolls, as these young urban
sophisticates call themselves, and sensationalist journalists
have taken to calling them death cultists and blood worship-
pers. For them, this sharing of blood is better than sex — it
is the climax of their bizarre subculture. They are as strange
as the culture that they unconsciously emulate, and as the
beings that they think they would like to become.

While no one description fits all Blood Dolls, they share
a number of distinctive traits. Regardless of their city of
residence, they tend to gravitate to nightclubs which seem to
have been designed for their needs. Blood Dolls point to the
Succubus Club as a prime example of the dark and morbid
environment they prefer.

Founded in 1982 in what had once been a leading
Chicago disco, the Succubus Club caters to more than just
the Blood Dolls. The bouncers maintain a strict yet unwrit-
ten entrance policy that stresses style more than anything
else. An attractive 17-year-old, properly dressed, has a better
chance of getting in than doesa successful 30-year-old yuppie
ina leisure suit.

Once inside, most visitors immediately notice the state-
of-the art sound system and immense amplifiers. The bass
amps remain constantly pointed at the floor; no matter what
the DJs play, the floor pulses with the rhythm. The club
usually features industrial dance music, and DJs have been
known to play entire CDs from the Sisters of Mercy. Other
prominent features include a huge dance floor, which always
remains packed despite its size, and a huge rectangular bar
featuring a plethora of brand names.

Balconies look down upon the dance floor and provide
a moderately quieter place to enjoy the club as well as more
exotically (and expensively) equipped bars. The club's older
patrons tend tostay here, leaving the dance floor to the young
and energetic.

The city's more dangerous elements seem almost super-
naturally attracted to the club's notorious basement. Speed
metal, punk, militant rap and other violent bands play this
level, drawinga bewildering assortment of fans from the dregs
of society. Bloods dressed to the hilt and bedecked in gold
stand next to punks in torn shirts and leather pants while
watching long-haired metal fans compare tattoos. Patrons
who feel a need for privacy slip off into the darkness of the
labyrinth, a huge maze that runs along the outside of the
basement. In its various nooks and crannies dealers hawk
their wares, couples embrace in passion, and Blood Dolls like
Jason and Melissa share their blood.

The Succubus Club was the focus of a great deal of
violence during the events of Under a Blood Red Moon. Its
previous owner, a Ventrue, was slain after a number of
attacks. Many other Kindred likewise died within its walls. A
large number of werewolves also died there, however, as did
some humans.

The club closed down for a month following the last
Lupine attack, but recently reopened. Now run by the Torea-
dor neonate Portia, it has lost much of the attraction it once
held for the city's elders, and almost exclusively attracts an
anarch crowd. The club's art gallery has been removed, and
few older Kindred visit the private club anymore.

Still, hunters find the club to be an excellent source of
vite, as few of the kine present would notice if their blood
were drunk and fewer still would care. Cainites had an
unspoken agreement not to kill anyone in the club, but
recent events have given the club a horrendous reputation,
and people seem to expect death here.

When the club reopened, its new management ex-
plained away the deaths as gang violence. A gala party was
thrown, with local and even national celebrities in atten-
dance. Since then, however, its popularity appears to be on

Chapter Three: Geography 53


the wane. Some Harpies whisper that the club's glory has
passed, and that it is swiftly degenerating. Whether the
prophecies of doom are accurate will not be known for some
time, but the vultures are already circling.

The Hive

"The Hive" is the name the Kindred of Chicago have
given to the downtown area immediately south of the river,
which mortals call the Loop. The name arose from acommon
vampiric metaphor comparing mortals to scurrying insects.
The Loop —or Hive —is the heart of Chicago's business and
political activities.

Those Kindred who deal extensively with mortal society
can often be found in the Hive. The Ventrue clan conducts
many of its activities herein. During Lodin's reign, the prince
paralleled the city's government by using the Hive as the
center of his activities. Daley Center is only a short distance
from the Prudential Building, where Lodin held court. If an
official proved reluctant to follow orders, the prince or one of
his kine Retainers often paid him a visit.

Most Kindred prefer the Hive for shopping, instead of
the area mortals call the "Magnificent Mile." This is largely
because of the lack of mortal presence. After World War II,
and climaxing in the '60s, the Hive began to undergo a
decline as businesses closed on the South and West Sides.
More and more of Chicago's black population moved into
this area.

Things came to a head in 1968, when the Democratic
riots broke out. In the Gothic-Punk world, the violence
spilled all over the city. Blacks in the Hive, manipulated by
anti-Lodin anarchs, launched attacks on several buildings
that were bases of operation for the prince. Police retaliation
was swift and brutal.

Because of the riots, the Hive still has a reputation for
violence. The reputation is mostly unwarranted, but the
Ventrue promoted it to justify the high police profile in this
area. This gave Lodin and his followers an extra level of
security against anarchs or would-be usurpers.

The area is still predominantly black; many whites are
reluctant to enter the area after dark. Businessmen or art
patrons who travel here at night do so in bulletproof limou-
sines, Wealthy businessmen willingly pay for a bodyguard or
two. Art galleries and museums not under the protection of
the Elysium have three times the number of security guards
that places in more respectable parts of town do. These guards
have broad discretionary powers to prevent certain "types"
from entering.

There are several excellent stores here, but for every one
there are three low-budget shoe and clothing stores. Some of
the stores are detailed in the section concerning the Loop.

54

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Places of Note
Prudential Building

This building, on East Randolph, was once the center of
Lodin's power. Before 1958, Lodin controlled Chicago from
a penthouse in the Manhattan Building, where he had
resided since the place's construction in 1890. In 1958, he
undertook a major overhaul of his security systems and living
arrangements. He blackmailed the owner of the Prudential
Building, Walter Leipzig, into granting hima 99-year lease to
the 34th floor.

Since Lodin's death, the 34th floor has stayed empty,
though its upstairs neighbor, a holding company called
Pentex, has evinced interest in acquiring the space. Indeed,
there is some evidence that Lodin invested much of his
considerable money through that company, and it may have
a legitimate claim to much of his material possessions.

Some of the other companies in the building are under
Pentex control, though most are not. Still, the Prudential
building serves as the hub of the firm's Midwestern and
Canadian operations. While the Midwestern division is
ostensibly run by a Ms. Juliet Praxton, at least one of the
company's board members has shown considerable interest
in the area. Thus it is not rare to see Elliot Meisch (see Book
of the Wyrm) swaggering through the halls.

It was Meisch who was responsible for one of Pentex's
recent successes — the construction of the fabled
BattleMonster™ Center in downtown Chicago. Built by
Pentex's Black Dog Game Factory subdivision, the center
appears to be nothing more than a grand arcade. Inside,
players take the controls of giant monster constructs and slug
it out on virtual reality battlefields.

A number of vampires have frequented the center, and
complain of feeling especially drained upon leaving, though
they go back over and over again. One Nosferatu who visited
late at night claimed to have seen the games actually moving
under their own power. Few believed her, and she has since
disappeared.

Marshall Field & Co.

Marshall Field's occupies the entire block bounded by
State, Washington, Wabash, and Randolph. It is one of the
largest department stores in the city, with more than 500
departments. However, it wasn't always like this.

When business declined in the Hive after the riots of
1967, the owners were desperate to move onto North Michi-
gan Avenue. Unfortunately, so were most of the other major
businesses in the Hive. The slow decline of the area in the
decade before the riots had left Marshall Field's in a bad
financial position. Its books were in the red and business was
dying.

Unable to abandon ship, the owners went to work. They
mounted an extensive promotional campaign for the store,
took out several risky loans, and expanded the inventory.


Amazingly, their gamble paid off. Within five years the
business was back in the black. The owners were able to
overcome Lodin's negative PR campaign against the Loop.
More importantly, one of the store's new additions was a rare
book department. While stocking it the owners had picked
up several crates of Renaissance-era literature.

When the Tremere discovered these books, they be-
came as excited as members of that phlegmatic clan are
capable of becoming. The books were part of a cache that
their elders had lost in the 16th century. The Tremere
immediately pressured Lodin to stop countering Marshall
Field's promotion of the area. The prince, reluctant to anger
the Warlocks — and concerned with more pressing matters
— backed down.

With the patience of their kind, and to avoid breaching
the Masquerade, the Tremere spent the next two years slowly
buying up the books. By 1972, they had bought them all, and
the clan lost interest in the store. By then, however, Marshall
Field's had established enough of a reputation for itself that
even the notoriety of the Loop couldn't keep customers away.
This reputation also helped other stores, such as Carson Pirie
Scott & Co., regain their customer base and stay in business.

Many rare books are still available at Marshall Field's.
Another popular line includes antique pieces of jewelry.
Many aspiring young Kindred buy from the store's fine
antique furniture collection to give their havens a "classical"
vampiric appearance. Of course, the older Cainites need no
such pretensions. They either lack the Humanity to care
about such trivialities, or the furniture that they keep about
them from their previous lives is far more authentic than
anything they could buy in a store.

Kroch's & Brentano's

The most popular Kindred bookstore in the Hive is
Kroch's & Brentano's — an 80-year-old full-service store
with tens of thousands of obscure books. On one level, a
Ventrue might be found browsing for a threepenney novel
remembered from long-ago breathing days. On the next
floor, a Tremere might be seen looking for obscure magical
tomes to supplement some arcane ritual. The store has
branches throughout Chicago, so a vampire can obtain a
desired book from almost anywhere in the city.

The store has long held a place in the hearts of the
Kindred; indeed, various Kindred groups have used the store
as a rendezvous point because of its late hours (10 P.M. on
weeknights, midnight on Fridays and Saturdays). For some
time, it hosted regular meetings of anarchs, though few have
been here recently.

While Kroch's & Brentano's is not part of the Elysium,
it is considered bad taste to breach Elysium rules on the
premises. One never knows when one might need the store's
services.

The owner, Amold Kroch, has been personally running
thisbranch of the store forat least 50 years. Kindred who have
been patrons since that time have commented that Amold

bears a striking resemblance to his father, Anthony Kroch,
who died in 1940. In fact, certain Cainites, those who have
frequented the store for its full run, note that the strong
family resemblance carries over from Arnold's grandfather,
Anton, who died in 1890.

Arnold is now in his 70s, but looks 20 years younger.
Some suspect that in the next few years Amold may be
replaced by a son of his own, with a similar resemblance.
None of the Kindred have any real proof that anything out of
the ordinary is going on. Many, however, believe that Amold
was Anthony, and Anton before that. They claim thathe can
somehow control his aging, and is conducting a Masquerade
of his own.

Of course, no one has any solid evidence of this. Some
Kindred claim he is a ghoul subsisting on elder vitae. Others
say he is a mage. Because most of the older Cainites value his
services, noone has been willing to pursue the matter further.

Sears Tower

The Sears Tower was built in 1974 by the architects
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill. The ultimate expression of
Chicago's obsession with skyscrapers, the tower is 110 stories
tall. Although no longer the world's tallest building, at 1,454
feet the Sears Tower is still the tallest building in the United
States. This building fills a full city block at Jackson Boule-
vard and Wacker Drive.

The 103rd floor, featuring an observation deck, is the
most popular with the tourists. However, vampires have no
particular interest in viewing Chicago from the heights,
living as they do primarily in the depths.

The main interest that the Sears Tower holds for the
Kindred is that it contains more office space than any other
building in the U.S. (except the Pentagon). Those Cainites
involved in business are sometimes found here in any of a
number of offices. Even Lodin maintained an office here,
though he handled little business in it.

The Barrens

The Kindred apply the term "Barrens" to any area within
Chicago where they have no particular desire to go. This can
be for several reasons, including lack of suitable vitae, danger,
ahigh police profile or because there is nothing of interest to
them therein. Areas outside Chicago with nothing of interest
— primarily the suburbs — are called the Outlands.

There are several general locations within Chicago that
are considered part of the Barrens, and these are mentioned
in the various descriptions found earlier in this chapter.
Among them are the museums with a heavy tourist crowd
(the Field Museum, Adler Planetarium, Shedd Aquarium,
and the Museum of Science and Industry), the various
graveyards around Chicago, and the stockyards.

The outskirts of Gary, where the steel mills closed down
long ago, is now a rusting field of debris. Its proximity to
central Gary, where some few areas of importance exist,

Chapter Three: Geography 55


categorizes this area — called the "Wasteland" — as part of
the Barrens instead of the Outlands. But, of course, whether
Gary is believed to be part of the Outlands depends on
whether one is speaking to pro- oranti-Modius factions. Such
is unlife among the Chicago Kindred.

Despite the name, the Barrens harbor the occasional
Kindred. Some Nosferatu are obliged to live here because of
their appearance. Kindred on the run from one rival or
another often go into hiding in these areas. A few have
actually used these areas as power bases. In general, however,
the Kindred avoid the Barrens.

Places of Note

Michigan Avenue Underground

As part of a plan to ease traffic congestion in downtown
Chicago, the civic authorities came up with the idea of
building a series of "substreets" near the Chicago River at the
point where Michigan Avenue crosses. About three blocks of
Michigan and 10 blocks of Wacker Drive, as well as several
other smaller streets, were subdivided into lower and upper
level

Unfortunately, Chicago's reputation for urban crime
and violence gave the lower streets a bad reputation. The area
had an aura of decay from the very beginning. The overhead
streets cast shadows on the lower ones, making it as dark as
night on Michigan and Wacker. Busy lining its own pockets,
the city government couldn't spare the money to replace the

streetlights. Because of these factors, very few cars chose to
take thisroute. The city elders used the lack of traffic to justify
the lack of repairs, and were able to embezzle even more
money.

This area, which soon became known as "the Under-
ground," did have one redeeming feature: its proximity to the
subterranean levels of the downtown buildings ensures that
it stays a few degrees warmer than the rest of the city
throughout the winter. Because of this, Chicago's homeless
population soon began sleeping alongside the roadway.

The area has settled into decay. Many of the streetlights
still don't work; the city doesn't dare send repairmen in to
replace the bulbs. The area is in a state of perpetual night.
Because of the lack of traffic, cardboard houses stand in the
middle of the road. Sometimes the houses have become
mausoleums for their unfortunate owners. The police, who
come down once a month to "clean up," only enter the area
in squads of at least 10 or more.

When traffic does drive through, it has to slow down
because of the poor lighting conditions and the debris in the
middle of the street. As a vehicle pauses, dozens of panhan-
dlers and "window washers" lay siege to it. It is a very foolish
idea to open a window to pass out money. Those that do not,
however, may find their cars tipped over by the homeless,
who are enraged at the "haves" daring to enter the realm of

the ‘

ave-nots."

Ironically, this area is a kind of vampiric "gas station."
The bums and winos in this area are noticeably weaker after

56

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


a major Kindred conflict. Many Kindred stop down here for
aquick bite if vitae is not easily available elsewhere, or if their
situation is especially desperate. Of course, no vampire readily
admits that she would stoop so low as to feed from those in
such a wretched condition. However, most vampires in
Chicago have certainly dined here at one time or another.
This area's inhabitants say that a number of passages
branch off from this area to intersect the sewer system and
many of the basement levels of the buildings. While most
Kindred accept that these exist, most discount stories of a
labyrinthine underground tunnel system under the city,
populated by humanity's outcasts and ruled by the Nosferatu.

Cabrini Green Housing Project

The American Dream. Even in the Gothic-Punk world
there are those who seek it. Some lower-class citizens believe
they can find it. All they need is a government-subsidized
home so they can use the extra money to feed the children
and pay the bills.

The American Dream gone awry. Cabrini Green.

Most of the residents are trapped here. The city refuses
to relocate them. After all, their own representatives don't
want them taken somewhere else. That would be cutting
down their own constituency.

The real estate developers want the land. The area, west
of the Rack and south of successful businesses on North
Street, could be developed into a number of profitable clubs
and upper-middle-class housing. However, the city council
members they've bought and paid for don't have enough
political pull to get the area rezoned.

So the developers contact some friends. Their friends
contact some other friends. Drug dealers, fences and prosti-
tutes soon move in. The gangs get a little extra to stop by and
terrorize the citizens. Some pressure here, some pressure
there. If the city government will not move the people of
Cabrini Green, perhaps they can be convinced to move out
on their own.

This attitude has turned Cabrini Green into the battle-
field that it is today. Drive-by shootings are at an all-time
high, and still rising. Pushers deal openly in the streets. The
police are never seen. The city has no desire to pay the
"combat wages" that the maintenance unions demand for
their men to go in and make repairs.

The residents of Cabrini Green are trapped. Those with
somewhere else to go left long ago. Those who stay are those
who were obliged tocome to Cabrini in the first place because
of their poverty. They still do not have enough money to
leave.

Even mortals have been known to refer to Cabrini as the
Barrens. The Kindred stay away. A Lush looking fora cocaine
high might come here on occasion, but there are safer places
to hunt.

The Ventrue Kevin Jackson rules this place. With Lodin's
support, he took over several buildings in the project. Very
few rivals have the temerity to venture onto Blood turf.
Ironically, little violence occurs within Jackson's personal
domain. Jackson insists on keeping the area free of violent
crime. This policy has won Jackson the loyalty of the resi-
dents. They consider him a hero, and warn him of any
trespassers. It has become an armed fortress, and is probably
the most heavily fortified building in Chicago.

ppt

ss] THE MICHIGAN AVENUE UNDERGROUND [5.000

=<

SCA ccc oan fl

rc echoes

COLUMBUS

Sol (ATER:

BCC fowl

Chapter Three: Geography 57



Chapter Four:
Kindred .~

The

The moon appears
Reflecting on his heart
Heavy weighed and pierced
The walker looks at his day:
Bad deeds gone by
For which he must pay

S

— Peter Murphy, "Seven Veils"

For most of its existence, Chicago has been grossly
overcrowded with vampires. Even now, following the de-
struction or disappearance ofa third of its undead population,
the city is quickly repopulating. A number of new Kindred
have flocked to the city, and some older residents have sired
new ones.

At times, the seven million mortals of the metropolitan
area have supported as many as 140 vampires. Now, however,
the vampire population is little more than two-thirds that
figure, though slowly growing. No one has made any real
effort to control this growth, and few believe anything will
happen until a prince comes to power.

Chicago has always been an easy city in which to hide;
without a prince, it is even easier. Kindred who would never
have thought of coming to the city while Lodin ruled have
nothing to stop them now. The primogen is far too divided to
keep undesirables out, and none of the contenders for the
throne have any interest in cleaning up the city until becom-
ing prince.

The Destroyed

A number of the Kindred described in the first edition of
Chicago by Night no longer exist. In addition, a number of
the characters included in this book may have met their Final
Deaths in Under a Blood Red Moon, depending on the
characters' actions during that story.

Those who may not have been destroyed have been
included in this book, and the Storyteller should decide who
survived and who didn't. Also, the characters may well have
destroyed other Kindred included here. The roster that
follows lists those first-edition characters who are definitely
dead (or at least missing) and thus are not written up in this
book. The Storyteller should add to or subtract from this list
as she desires or as events in her chronicle dictate.

Chapter Four: The Kindred -59


Neil Graham
Hank Cave
Theodore Dooley
Mare Levesque
Travis Fett
Gordon Keaton
Priscilla Gibbs
Derrick Stack
Jimmy Holcomb
Jackie Goodman
Charles Waterstone
Paula Smith
Ben Smith
Horace Turnbull
Johann Weltmann
- Elebieta Jurofsky
Jurgis Rudkus
Peter Walenski
Tommy Walker
Sophia Ayes
Sharon Payne
Michael Payne
Sir Henry Johnson.
~ Tamoszius Kuszleika
Garwood Marshall
Lodin
Tommy Hinds
Edgar Drummond
Lawrence Ballard
Frank Gaughan
Pham Hong
Brennon Thornhill

Prias

New Traits

For the purposes of this supplement, two new Knowledge
Abilities have been coined, and many of the Kindred pre-
sented in this chapter have ratings in both. The new Traits
are as follows:

e
Chicago
This new Knowledge covers familiarity with the city's
geography, mortal personalities and mundane areas. It does
not cover knowledge of the Kindred, which is delineated by
Secrets.

Secrets

I do not know everything; still many things I understand.
— Goethe, Faust

There are five basic levels of secrets, rated A-F like the
school grading system. Each character in this supplement has
a Secrets rating; this shows how much information said
character knows. A character knows everything listed for his
or her rating, plus everything listed for all lower ratings. For
instance, an A in Secrets assumes knowledge of B through F.

The plus and minus ratings indicate greater or less
familiarity with the area of knowledge indicated. Thus, a B+
indicates complete familiarity with the conflicts between the
primogen and the personalities involved, while a B- indicates
only a rough idea.

A+ The character knows exact details of all conflicts in
the city (just like you will after reading this book).

A The character knows something about the control
exerted by Menele and Helena, and their ongoing conflict.
The character does not know exactly who controls whom.

A- The character knows the general nature of the
conflicts between Menele and Helena, but does not know
whom they control, or the intricate details of their games.

B+ The character is knowledgeable about the precise
nature of the primogen, its members' past votes, who supports
whom, and many of the intrigues going on between them.
The character may suspect that there are Ancients behind
the scenes.

B_ The character knows of the conflicts within the
primogen, and of many of the other Kindred whom they
control — including the anarchs.

B- Thecharacter hasa rough idea that the primogen is
working behind the scenes.

C+ The character knows the politics of all the coteries
in exact detail.

C_ The character knows about many of the coteries,
and how they react to one another. The character knows
about the primogen, but does not know how powerful and
influential it is.

C- The character understands that there are different
groups among the Kindred, and that their conflicts dictate
the ebb and flow of politics within the city.

D+ The character knows who the main candidates for
prince are, and who has the best shot.

D_ Thecharacter knows most of the different vampires
who want to be prince, and the conflicts between the anarchs
and the elders — but knows nothing about shadowy figures
behind the scenes. The character may know of certain
relationships, but knows very little of the overall picture.

D- The character only knows the general facts about
the most obvious candidates for prince.

F_ The character knows who is an anarch and who is
an elder, and can identify some of the leaders of each group.
Thus, for instance, the character would recognize the name

60 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


of Juggler, but not that of Modius. The character knows very
little of Chicago and its Kindred — only a few faces and a
tough understanding of the turmoil and antipathy.

Acquiring Secrets
If you wish, you may allow characters to gain dots in
Secrets, just like any other Knowledge Ability. However,
characters cannot spend experience points toraise their score
in Secrets; instead, the characters must actually acquire the
information represented by the level of knowledge they seek.
As Storyteller, youcan assign points at the end of a Story that
are to be applied to Secrets only.
The A-F rating for Secrets corresponds to the normal
five-level rating as follows:

A
B
C eee
D ee
Foe

Plus and minus ratings are handled by common sense; a
character knows as much as he or she knows.

Other Traits
Certain Traitsare not described in the Vampire rulebook,
but may be found in The Players Guide, The Storytellers
Handbook, or The Players Guide to the Sabbat.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 61


The Brujah of Chicago are a very diverse group, includ-
ing anarchs and elders, friends of the Ventrue and friends of
no one. They fight each other as much as they do the other
clans, but it is precisely this sort of creative conflict that
marks the Brujah clan and brings out the best in its individual
members.

Though the Brujah of Chicago do not have regularly
scheduled meetings of any sort, they do gather on occasion.
When one of them calls fora meeting, the others will usually
come, but very little is usually achieved. Meetings are held in
a variety of places, as much according to whim as anything
else. The back room of a bar is a common meeting place, as
is a cemetery or a condemned building.

At these meetings, the Brujah pretend friendliness with
one another — at least until the arguments and recrimina-
tions begin. They seem to enjoy their "Rants," as they call
them. Often one or two of them will leave in terrible moods,
having been targeted by all the rest for ridicule and abuse.
Indeed, picking out scapegoats for each Rant seems to be the
only thing upon which they can ever agree.

Many of the younger Brujah want everyone in the clan
to join the anarchs. However, the three eldest — Critias,
Tyler and Balthazar — have their own plans, which do not
allow for such radical action. The end result is that the Brujah
remain divided, but continue to debate with great gusto and
relish. Each, in his or her own way, is proud of being Brujah,
and most are proud of the fact that they have members in
almost every coterie in the city, considering this proof of great
openmindedness. An old vampiric adage has it that Brujah
have nothing in common but their differences, and those of
Chicago certainly show the truth of the saying. In times of
conflict, these Brujah have absolutely no scruples about
attacking one another, though feuds are suspended during
Rants.

Meneleus (Menele)

Although Greek civilization did not reach its height
until the age of Pericles (starting 457 B.C.), Menele enjoyed
his rulership of one of Greece's growing merchant cities some
eight centuries earlier. Despite the burdens of the crown,
Menele found plenty of time to indulge his tastes in thought

BRUJAH

and beauty. Before the age of 30, he had married one of the
most beautiful women in Magna Graecia, built some of the
finest buildings on the peninsula, supported numerous distin-
guished philosophers and begun the collection of scrolls for
what would become one of the world's largest libraries.

Not everyone applauded him. As his city flourished,
others cast covetous eyes on its trading routes. In particular,
one city in Asia Minor began to harass his merchants.
Incidents escalated, and the enemy city dared to kidnap his
wife. Menele called together all his allies in the Greek city-
states, assembled a great fleet and sailed east to do battle.

The war lasted far longer than Menele had expected, but
finally the Greeks' superior numbers prevailed. Unfortu-
nately, Menele did not enjoy the victory. The night before he
was to make his triumphant entrance into the city, he
received a nocturnal visitor. The city had been under the
secret rule of a Brujah named Troile; having tired of the city
a century before, he had been traveling, and had returned
only in time to see it fall. He spent the night with the leader
of the conquering forces, trying to discover what kind of
mortal this king Meneleus was.

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Troile, a philosopher who had traveled widely since the
destruction of the Second City, found the scholar-king most
fascinating. At the end of the night he took Menele to his
haven north of the city; there they spent the next several
months deep in conversation. Finally, Troile decided that
Menele possessed all the elements to make him worthy of
immortality. Thus Menele joined the undead.

For the next few centuries, Menele journeyed across
Europe and Asia. In Persia he became fascinated by the spirit
plane, and spent a century studying with the mystics there.
He went onto India, and spent anothercentury studying with
the spiritualists of that ancient land. Finally he returned to
Europe, intending to pass the rest of his immortal existence
in contemplation of the astral plane.

Then he met Altamira, an Iberian Brujah already an-
cient. She spoke of a mighty, growing city in North Africa
that would put the Second City to shame and rival the First
City for glory. The Cainites there would be the world's
greatest, and would live in perfect harmony with the Canaille,
free from the restrictions of any prince. Some, she said, had
discovered a way to control the Beast, and others had been
pulled back from the very depths of frenzy. Together, mortals
and immortals would create a wondrous, eternal city of peace,
progress and equality.

Menele was entranced by the idea; it was the embodi-
ment of all his own hopes and dreams. With great haste he
made his way to this Carthage, and found it to be everything
Altamira had promised. Vampires and mortals labored to-
gether on great works of art, the study of all branches of
science, the occult and the progression of the spirit. The
mortals willingly spared some of their blood for the Cainites'
nourishment, and the immortals in turn used their powers to
make mortal life easier and more pleasant. The killing of
mortals was forbidden, and the vampires fed together to
ensure the safety of their willing vessels. Soon, Menele was
happily ensconced in the city, and joined the dozens of other
Cainites in their progress toward Golconda.

This was the beginning of the Third Age, the time of the
great cities. Now, for one of the first times in history, a place
could support more than a single vampire. Before this time,
a single settlement could not feed more than one Cainite
safely, for a mortal population above ten thousand was
practically unknown. However, with the rise of Rome and
Carthage, the Kindred could live together — a new age had
dawned.

While many Toreador supported the Brujah's founding
of Carthage, other clans were suspicious. The growing city of
Rome was controlled by an uneasy alliance of Ventrue and
Malkavians; they claimed the Brujah in Carthage were
gathering their strength to slay all other Cainites. Soon
Rome launched its first attacks against Carthage. Menele, as
an experienced diplomat and a famed orator, became
Carthage's envoy, trying to enlist Gangrel and Nosferatu
support. He also managed to draw new Toreador to the city,
including the beautiful and powerful Helena.

The wars lasted for more than a century. Finally, after
years of siege, Carthage was betrayed — by a Toreador, it was
said. The Roman legions destroyed the once-beautiful city.
They salted the earth to prevent any Earth-Melded Cainite
from again rising, and burned the entire library — more than
half a million volumes — that had been Carthage's pride.
Almost all the Brujah were destroyed, and the few survivors
nursed a bitter hatred ever after for those who had destroyed
their city.

When Carthage fell, Menele was away, trying to recruit
help from the Gangrel of southern Africa. He returned to his
city and found only ruins. Heartbroken, he fled into the wilds
of western Europe, forswearing cities and civilization forever.
He broke that oath a couple of centuries later, when he heard
from a chance-met Gangrel about the beautiful Toreador
ruling Pompeii.

Knowing in his heart that this could only be Helena, he
secretly visited Pompeii. The sight of Helena ruling the
Roman city and the bitter memories of the destruction she
had wrought upon Carthage were like a stake in his heart.

That night, Menele willingly entered his first frenzy ina
thousand years. His rage, coupled with a Thaumaturgical
ritual, brought down a spirit of fire upon the city; it flew
shrieking through the streets, free for the first time in centu-
ties. The ground shook, the sky seemed to blow open, and fire
poured down on Pompeii. All was destroyed. Menele only
escaped by throwing himself into the harbor.

Helena also somehow survived the destruction of
Pompeii. For more than a dozen centuries the two vampires
fought, but neither could strike a decisive blow. Unfortu-
nately for Menele, Helena slowly gained the upper hand as
her ghoul Prias grew in power. Menele needed a chance to
gather strength, or she would surely prevail. Phoenician
legends of a land to the west prompted him to trick Helena
into thinking he was destroyed; trusted Retainers carried his
body aboard a specially prepared ship and sailed westward to
anew and unknown land.

Once in this new land, Menele began to mold the Incas
into a force capable of destroying his enemy, but as time
passed he was overtaken by the feeling that the now- ancient
rivalry was nothing but a useless burden upon his spirit. At
last he rejected his desire for revenge, and created a civiliza-
tion of great depth. In time, he began to dream of creating a
new Carthage.

Then he heard of newcomers ravaging the Mayan cities
to the north, and learned that they were Europeans, led — as
he discovered to his dismay — by Helena herself. He tried to
strengthen his followers, but he knew his cause was lost.
Helena's conquistadores made short work of his vast empire,
and Menele fled north to hide among the Pueblos.

Once again, he began to prepare his followers for battle,
but time passed and Helena did not come. Hoping against
hope that the battles were over, Menele spent more and more
time contemplating the riddle of his existence. He sought
Golconda, but just before he reached his prize, Helena

Chapter Four: The Kindred 63


retumed and he was forced to flee once more. He made his
way north to the shores of an immense lake. For all his
preparation, the tribes there were no match for well-armed
Europeans when the inevitable battle came.

This was to be a turning point in their conflict. Menele
and Helena finally engaged each other directly; both were
grievously wounded, and both fell into torpor, relying on
their followers to protect them and prosecute their feud. Thus
it has been for the last 250 years.

Sire: Troile

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Architect

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 1200 B.C. (born 1240 B.C.)

Apparent Age: 30s

Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 7, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 9, Wits 8

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 8, Dodge 8, Leadership 8,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 5, Melee 7, Music 5,
Stealth 5, Survival 9

Knowledges: Architecture 6, Linguistics 9, Medicine 5,
Occult 9, Philosophy 7, Science 3 :

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 6, Celerity 9, Domi-
nate 6, Fortitude 6, Obfuscate 2, Potence 8, Presence 5,
Protean 5, Thaumaturgy 7 (Elemental Mastery 5, Spirit
Mastery 5, Movement of the Mind 4, Lure of Flames 3)

Backgrounds: Influence 4, Retainers 3

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Humanity: 10

Willpower: 10

Notes: This mighty Cainite remains ina state of torpor.
Thus, his statistics only matter if he were somehow to
awaken. If that happened, he would not come to his full
strength immediately, but would be substantially weaker.
However, all his Disciplines would still function at full
power.

Menele's extra level of Auspex allows him to stay aware
of events around him while in torpor. Thus, his dreams are
filled with images of things that might affect him, but they are
often hard to interpret. His extra level of Dominate allows
him to use his other levels without the requirement of eye
contact —onlya touch isneeded. Finally, his two extra levels
of Thaumaturgy allow him access to powerful rituals enabling
him to summon and control spirits and elementals, but he
must be awake to do so.

Image: A corpse lying flat, with skin as hard as stone.

Haven: Menele moves often, using Retainers to trans-
port him. Fora long time he was buried deep beneath the rail
station, but he recently had himself exhumed in order to
bond more closely with some of his followers.

Roleplaying Hints: You are in torpor. Youneithermove
nor speak.

Secrets: A+

Influence: Menele controls many of the vampires of
Chicago, directly or indirectly. He is the second most power-
ful individual in the city —a little behind Helena, butno one
else approaches his power. His current Retainers are mem-
bers of a Native American family who have been serving him
for well over a century.

Critias ("Doctor")

The Sophists of Athens delighted in questioning the
moral values of the society that supported them. Should one
respect a law created by individuals as imperfect as oneself?
Are laws merely artifices created by those who wish to retain
their power? Does that make them immoral? Needless to say,
such questioning infuriated the city fathers, who were busy
trying to rouse the populace for a trade war with Sparta. The
philosopher Critias became one of their prime opponents; his
keen probing, pinpoint questioning and razor-sharp wit left
many doubting beliefs they had held all their lives.

Critias had a substantial following among the youth of
the city, including many who would one day become leading
philosophers in their own right. They paid him well to teach
them rhetoric and logic, and Critias grew fat and content by
keeping others dazed and confused.

Then the great leader Pericles died from a plague that
killed off one-third of the city's people. The demagogues who
succeeded him wanted a scapegoat to carry the blame for all
Athens' woes. Critias became their first target. They accused
him of corrupting the city's youth, and gave him a choice
between exile and death. Never one to sacrifice his own life
for the truths he had been teaching, Critias packed up his few
belongings and prepared to move west to Delphi.

64

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Before he could leave, Critias was visited by a strange,
dark man. Menele had long enjoyed the mental stimulation
of Critias' semantic games, and believed the Sophist would
make a fine addition to the growing Brujah clan, then more
an organization of intellectuals than a group of rebels.

The encounter took place in the baths. Menele used his
formidable Discipline of Dominate to keep the mortal calm,
and they spent the night debating the nature of
death and the role of the philosopher. By the end of the night,
Critias had, for the first time in his life, become firmly
convinced of one of his own teachings — that people mus'
continually question their preconceptions and prejudices.
Then Menele gave him the option of carrying out his role of
gadfly for all eternity. Critias accepted.

stence,

Critias' next action was to inform the people of Athens
that he had come to believe Truth was too important not to
die for. Before a great crowd the following evening, he faked
his death and was buried. That night he rose from his grave
and went to the homes of his tormentors, screaming from the
street for them to let him in. When they would not open their
doors, he laughed and began to ridicule them. Finally the
frenzy overcame him, and he broke into the home of one of
the city's leaders and drained the blood of everyone in the
house.

Critias then fled to Cyrene, in what is now Liby:
Traveling with Menele, he made his wa Mediterr:
nean North Africa. He spent his nights debating philosophy
and logic with the greatest minds of the era, and then
drinking their blood — but never enough to harm them. He
also regularly feasted on Menele's blood before realizing this
created a Blood Bond. Even when the two separated, the
extreme potency of his sire's blood and the frequency with
which Critias had fed meant the Bond lasted far longer than
such ties usually do.

By the third century B.C. he had made his way to
Carthage, which Clan Brujah had turned into a base for
eventual domination of the world. The former Sophist was
quickly swept up by the idea of creating a new Golden Age for
Kindred and kine, a world state ruled by philosopher-kings.
He threw himself into the task with a passion he never knew
he could possess.

Because of his prowess at logic and debate, he became an
envoy to other vampire communities, and was soon roaming
the world in search of allies. Indeed, his trips kept him away
from the great city for the next 200 years, and he was in
Cathay when he heard about the destruction of his beloved
Carthage. Heartbroken over the mindless prejudice that had
led the Ventrue and Malkavians to destroy the city of his
dreams, Critias made the long journey to Rome. He arrived
on the verge of a great frenzy.

Once there, however, his anger grew cold, and he calmly
proceeded to devote all his vast resources of intelligence and
anger to the destruction of this growing city.

First, he tried to stir up dissent between poor farmers and
rich landowners, but the Malkavians quickly responded.
Thousands of farmers died as the revolt was put down. In 91
B.C. he instigated a violent power struggle between Rome
and the other Italian cities; this came to be called the Social
War. The Ventrue interceded in the fighting; though Critias'
won political concessions, Rome maintained its
dominance.

followe

Tired of failure after decades of insurgency, Critias
decided to take a more direct route. He moved to Asia Minor,
where he took control ofa king named Mithridates. Through
this puppet, Critias prepared to seize the weakly guarded
Roman province of Asia — the first step in a military
campaign against Rome itself. He personally led the night
attack that defeated Rome's Asian legions. It was a bloody
affair, and the sight and smell of so much blood affected
Critias more than he had expected. His soldiers were amazed
tosee their leader tearing and rending prisoners and the dead
alike. But, as good soldiers always do, they began to follow his
lead.

It took Critias three nights to shake off this frenzy, born
of decades of suppressed rage. With the first light of dawn he
would meld with the earth, only to revive the next night and
continue his vengeance against the Roman men, women and
children who had moved to Asia in search of a better life. He
regained his senses only after tearing out the throat of a 12-
year-old girl and drinking her dry.

Revolted that he had committed such monstrous acts,
he fled to the city of Pontus, where he learned that the
massacres of Roman citizens had reached epic proportions.
By the time it ended, more than 80,000 Romans had died.
Shaken by the horror of what he had begun, Critias spent his
nights immobile under the earth, unable to accept his ac-
tions. Finally, after all the blood from his fre:
Critias rose from the earth and made his way to the far
northern reaches of Eurasia, feeding only on animals, For
several centuries he lived among the nomads of the north,
feeding on the mighty bison indigenous to the region.

was gone,

Finally he began to come to terms with his deeds, and
decided to return to the civilized world. Afraid to go to Rome,
he traveled to the new capital of Constantinople. Doing his
best to conceal his identity from the other vampires in the
city (who had long hunted for the one who had dared toassail
their empire), he spent the next millennium here, happily
and quietly ensconced among the city's intelligentsia. As the
14th century dawned, he conceived a desire to visit some of
the places of learning beginning to blossom around Europe.
He traveled widely throughout Western Europe and, while in
Barcelona in 1415, he financed a secret voyage by a sea
captain who believed the world was round. He never again
heard from the captain.

Critias does not realize that all of his journeys and
actions have been controlled by his sire, who he believes died
in the sack of Carthage. Menele has taken great pains to keep
Helena and Prias ignorant of Critias' existence and Blood

Chapter Four: The Kindred 65


Bond to him. Still, Menele has required his scion's aid at
various times, most especially after he had been grievously
injured in 1415 and needed transportation to the undiscov-
ered New World. Once free of Europe, Menele let his control
of Critias lapse, and once more the philosopher was left to his
own devices.

After spending several centuries in a remote monastery
in Switzerland, Critias felt a strange urge to visit the New
World. He arrived in Baltimore shortly after the end of the
Revolutionary War, and began to travel, enjoying the great
dynamism of the new nation and its surprising intellectual
vigor. He was especially enamored of the form of government
its people had created. They had rejected the ideal of the
philosopher-king in practice, but had resurrected his beloved
Athenian democracy with a new twist: checks and balances!
Critias fell in love with this young nation.

Occasionally he would settle, ruling as prince or remain-
ing hidden as whim and opportunity dictated. He especially
enjoyed creating schools and assisting in the formation of
local governments. He was still drawn to the centers of
thought and learning, and continued to enjoy the give-and-
take of intellectual debates. In 1942, he came to Chicago to
watch the atomic experiments being conducted by Enrico
Fermi. He quickly became too enmeshed in the city's Byzan-
tine politics to leave — or so he believes. Once again he is
unaware that he was summoned by his sire.

Critias has come to see himself as the defender of the
intellectuals and rebels in the city. A believer in creative
conflict as a means of forcing people to think for themselves
(he has written several scholarly papers on the topic), he
often finds himself instigating conflicts among his fellow
Kindred. He was the first of the primogen tosupport Annabelle
Triabell's call in the mid-80s to show Lodin who held real
power. He secretly supported those anarchs who opposed
Lodin's authority with particular flair and intelligence.

Critias' eventual goal is to institute some kind of demo-
cratic governmentamong the Cainites of Chicago. He believes
the anarchy will only end when all Kindred are given places
of respect and power in the affairs of the city. This idea may
seem naive, but it cannot be disputed that he has had many
centuries of experience. With the death of Lodin, Critias is
carefully testing the waters to see if the time is right for such
change, but he is fairly certain that his wait must continue.

Despite his belief in change, Critias sees himself more as
a philosopher than a rebel, following the ancient Brujah
traditions rather than the new, rebellious style. He is one of
Menele's key followers in the city, although he does not know
it. Indeed, despite the fact that Critias is the oldest and most
powerful member of the primogen, he is the only one who
does not suspect there are two Methuselahs battling in the
city. He is aware that Portia is more than she appears, but will
tefuse to accept the existence of Menele unless he is con-
fronted with direct proof to the contrary. Such is the downfall
of intellectual pride.

Critias teaches a few courses at Chicago University each
semester, and is well-known for his eccentricity and open-
ness. The brightest male students of Chicago University are
common visitors to his apartment, but female students are
unwelcome. Critias is quite sexist. He has a decided prefer-
ence for good-looking young men of great intellectual
distinction; such individuals are his preferred victims. His
Retainers are all dreary philosophy students to whom he has
taken a particular liking, and who are so brilliant, in his eyes,
that he would be ending the careers of important philoso-
phers were he to kill them.

Sire: Menele

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 423 B.C. (born 478 B.C.)

Apparent Age: Late 50s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 8

Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Lead-
ership 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Debate 7, Etiquette 3, Melee 4

Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 6, Occult 4, Philosophy 7,
Politics 3, Science 3

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 2, Dominate 5, Forti-
tude 2, Presence 5, Potence 3, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Mentor 5, Re-
sources 3, Retainers 4, Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Notes: Critias' high Auspex manifests itself in his ability
to predict what people will say (and sometimes do) next. This
is more a function of precognition than intelligence, as much
as he denies it. His high Melee Ability is the result of his
military training as an Athenian citizen and continual prac-
tice.

Image: Critias is an elderly-looking gentleman, a little
on the plump side and no more than five feet tall. He is nearly
bald, with a little white hair around the edges and a thick
white beard. He is heavily wrinkled but appears fairly robust.
In the privacy of his own haven he still prefers to wear
Athenian-style robes and nothing else.

Roleplaying Hints: You always answer questions witha
question and generally play devil's advocate in any debate.
Everything you say is rhetorical in one way or another. When
you are forced to answer, there is always a pregnant pause
while you consider the correct way to phrase things. It is
impossible to hurry you, no matter how serious the crisis.

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Haven: Critias has a townhouse across the street from
the Chicago Historical Society's exhibition hall in Lincoln
Park. He also maintains apartments near all the major col-
leges and universities.

Secrets: B+

Influence:
local colleges: presidents, deans and major intellectuals.
Though he does so indirectly, it can be said that he controls
all the major universities in the city, and knows most of what
goes on there. Critias ha

tias' Contacts are major figures at the

s quite a network across the United
States, composed of former students who have reached the
top of their respective fields. Poets, philosophers, politicians
and scientists all correspond with him regularly, and through
themhe exerts a powerful, if diffuse, influence upon America.
Some Brujah say that half the think tanks in Washington

could not function without his advice. Furthermore, it is

rumored that many of Kennedy's advisors were his former
students.

Critias is also heavily involved in the Federal Court of
Appeals, which is located in Chicago. He has an intense
interest in the more philosophical branch of justice and the
establishment of precedent. All the federal judges know and
respect him. On occasion he has used his Dominate on them
to stifle a case that might endanger the Masquerade.

Patricia Bollingbroke ("Tyler")

Patricia of Bolingbroke was among the English peasants
who rose up in 1380 under John Ball and Wat Tyler to fight
the nobility's oppression. Her husband had died on the end
of a baron's boar-spear as a penalty for poaching, and her
children had been taken from her and made into castle
servants. Strengthened by grief and hatred, she left her
village to join the peasant rebellion. By dint of a love affair
with Tyler, her own basic intelligence and a great deal of
ruthlessness, Patricia became one of the rebellion's leaders —
its guiding spirit in many ways — but none except those on
the ruling council ever realized she was anything more than
Wat's lover.

She was among the revolutionaries who murdered the
Archbishop of Canterbury and marched on London, where
they forced the king to submit to their demands. When the
backlash came, she was a prime target. Three weeks passed
before she learned of the murder of three of her children, and
the imprisonment and torture of the fourth. She immediately
set out to free her child. It was a trap, of course, and despite
all her precautions she was recognized and captured.

As she sat in the baron's dungeon, waiting for death, she
was visited by a seventh-generation Brujah who called him-
self Robin. The two sat up all night talking about the
injustices of the feudal system and practical solutions for the
rectification of these problems. Convinced by the vampire
that the only thing that could make a difference was a
powerful peasant leader, Patricia accepted Robin's Embrace
the next night. Her first victim was the very baron who had
destroyed her family.

Patricia quickly found that being a vampire put rather
distinct limits on her freedom asa revolutionary. People were

less inclined to follow her, and the wild frenzies to which she
was prone prevented her from forming the stable core of a
larger movement. Ultimately the movement was crushed —
though some small concessions were made by the nobles —
and the peasants' revolt was over.

Patricia fled England, and for two centuries traveled
across Western Europe. She arrived in Spain during the later
years of the Inquisition, and wasa voice among those Kindred
who believed vampires should wipe out their tormentors and
take a more obvious role in human society. With the help of
two other Brujah and a small force of peasants, she attacked
a small castle in western Spain — the haven of a Ventrue
elder who had begun to conceive of the Camarilla
of enforcing and protecting the Masquerade. The castle was

a means

destroyed and Patricia's companions perished, but in the end
she got a death-grip on the battered Ventrue and drank the
last of his blood. This event triggered the anarch revolt that
later became the Sabbat.

Patricia discovered that drinking the blood of the elder
had dramatically increased her potential. She needed such
power, for she began to be chased by archons sent by the fast-
growing Camarilla. Even she could not stand against so
many; she fled to the New World and made her home in
Cartagena, then the jewel of Spain's American empire.
Helena sensed her as she entered the city, and immediately
recognized her potential as an assassin. Through Dominate,
she brought Patricia into her sphere of influence. Helena was
very attracted to the idea of a ruthless female Brujah assassin;
after 30 years of manipulation she was able to Blood Bond
Patricia to herself.

When members of the Camarilla began to appear in
Cartagena, Patricia fled north to the English colonies. Hel-
ena called for her during the early 1900s and she made her

Chapter Four: The Kindred 67


way to Chicago. She took the name Tyler from her mortal
lover, and believes that no one knows of her pastas one of the
early founders of the Sabbat. (A few do know, but they keep
the secret until a time of need.)

Tyler's age and natural intelligence — along with
Helena's secret support — earned her a respected place
among the elders despite her Brujah heritage, and she con-
solidated her position during the Council Wars of the 1980s.
That was when she slew a sixth-generation descendant of
Critias who refused to follow the rest of the primogen and end
his support of Maldavis. She is exceedingly proud of her
position; of course she has earned the undying enmity of
Critias, and returns his hatred with a vengeance, bolstered by
her lust for his ancient blood.

Before the Lupines attacked Chicago, Helena was ap-
proached by a Sabbat scout, who warned her of what was to
comie, and threatened to spread news of her role in founding
the Sabbat if she did not help. She flew to New York, where
she received the protection of the Tzimisce elder Lambach
Ruthven. Inexchange, she agreed tohelp place a Sabbat pack
in the city.

Sire: Robin Leeland

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor:

Sonniver

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1381 (born 1352)

Apparent Age: Unclear - 30s?

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 7

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 5,
Leadership 4, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Melee 5, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Politics 5, Sabbat Lore 1

Disciplines: Celerity 4, Dominate 4, Fortitude 3,
Obtenebration 1, Potence 5, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Influence 3, Mentor 5,
Resources 4, Retainers 7

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 1, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 10

Image: A short, slender woman, 5' 4" and 130 pounds.
She has long black hair, which she usually ties in a ponytail.
Her face has several patches of pockmarks from a case of
smallpox; nevertheless, there is an undeniable beauty to it.
She generally dresses very simply, and favors blue jeans and
simple blouses.

Roleplaying Hints: Even when talkingabout the weather
you speak with passion and conviction. Clench your fists and
shake them whenever you make a point.

Have
hangar is heavily guarded by security devices, and Tyler has
begun training mortals to protect her.

An isolated hangar at O'Hare Airport. The

Secrets: A-

Influence: Tyler was one of the first Cainites to realize
the advantages of air travel, and the power of the one who
controlled it. Any Kindred who wish to enter or leave
Chicago by plane must first gain her permission. She moved
to O'Hare Airport shortly after its construction, in which she
was instrumental. She controls or knows of almost every-
thing that happens at the airport. Her Contacts are the
higher levels of the airport authority, and through them she
manages to exert some control over the city's two other
airports, as well as over plans to construct a fourth.

The security forces at all the airports are directly under
her control, and she has Conditioned many of them. She has
actually trained her O'Hare SWAT team in the extermina-
tion of vampires, and it is said that she used them outside the
airport during the Council Wars. One of her Retainers
ex-Vietnam fighter pilot, who serves as a bodyguard and

isan

manservant.

Maxwell

Maxwell has long hungered for the night he could return
to Chicago. For the past century he has wandered the world,
traveling as he saw fit, but always longing for the city he once
ruled. Now he has come back.

The news of Lodin's death reached him as he cruised the
Gulf of Mexico. He immediately docked in New Orleans and
caught the next flight to Chicago. Seeking out his few
remainingallies, he found them all receptive to the idea of his
regaining the princedom, but unsure if he could. Addition-
ally, they worried thatthe dramatic changes that had occurred
in the city since his departure would be too much for Maxwell
to handle.

68

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Thus Maxwell haskepta low profile. He has quietly been
making the acquaintance of those powerful Kindred he did
not know, and now most of the city's movers and shakers are
aware of his intentions. While none have wholeheartedly
endorsed him, Maxwell knows none with reason to oppose
him.

Maxwell has a number of secret allies of whom even
Menele is unaware. First of all, he has sired a number of
progeny in Central and South America. Many of these
vampires are fighting in the area's revolutions and may soon
come to Chicago. Maxwell hopes to use these trained guer-
tillas to form his military strike force. Additionally, Maxwell
contacted a number of non-Camarilla vampires in Haiti, and
might trade these Kindred services in exchange for their aid.

Sire: Altamira

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Architect

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1755 (born 1717)

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 6, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 7,
Stealth 2, Survival 5

Knowledges: Finance 1, Linguistics 4, Occult 5, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 5, Dominate 4, Forti-
tude 4, Potence 5, Presence 7, Protean 5, Serpentis 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 1, Mentor 6,
Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: Maxwell's first extra level of Presence allows him
to create a great feeling of trust among a group of people. His
second level prevents his foes from spending Willpower to
negate his Presence. In order to use Willpower against him,
the character must make a Self-Control roll (difficulty 8).
Maxwell carries a silver-plated cavalry sabre with which he
has trained extensively.

Image: Maxwell is a stocky, middle-aged man with tight
hair and a neatly cropped mustache and beard. He prefers
dark power suits and dresses to his best advantage. If seen

when he first wakes up, however, he looks like the trapper he
used to be, with his hair unkempt and his beard full and
bushy.

Roleplaying Hints: You maintain at least the pretext of
caring about others, though you have lost most real feelings
since being driven from power. You only listen to others for
alittle while before dominating the conversation, and you
freely use your Presence on both mortals and Kindred.

Haven: An old apartment building in south Chicago.

Secrets: B

Influence: While Maxwell has gained little direct influ-
ence since returning to the city, he has seized control of the
Chicago Police Internal Affairs Division. He hopes that he
can eventually use this to control the entire organization.

Joshua Tarnopolski
«| =
("Blackjack")

The socialists became a significant threat to the capital-
of Chicago during the early years of the 20th
century. For a while, they even threatened to become an
established force in the state legislature. Indeed, the Chicago
establishment remained frightened of them long after the

ist intere:

socialists lost their effectiveness.

Joshua Tarnopolski was among the leaders of the city's
socialists during their heyday. With his thick Polish accent,
he was not a noted orator like most of the leaders, but he was
a skilled backroom politician and could raise a mob of
workers to fight off the Chicago machine's goon squads.
Ty
revolutionariesand, when the socialists' power peaked shortly
before World War I, she decided to preserve some of this
energy forever.

er's natural sympathies were aroused by these committed

She chose Joshua because, even though he was a power-
ful leader among the workers, his face was not well known,
either to the masses or to the capitalists he opposed. Tyler
even sought the permission of Lodin in order to sire this
neonate, permission Lodin was more than willing to grant
such a powerful Cainite — in return for crucial support in his
war against Modius, who had just fled to Gary.

Tyler Embraced Joshua without giving him any choice
in the matter. Joshua, who was already beginning to predict
the demise of socialism in America, transferred his passion for

Chapter Four: The Kindred 69


change to Kindred society. Joshua quickly became disen-
chanted with the seniority system, and contacted the anarchs.
Hes often looked toasa leader by all anarchs, much as he was
bysocialists in the past. The younger Brujah are enthralled by
his tales of meetings with Eugene Debs, Joe Hill, Woody
Guthrie and other national leaders from the early part of the
century.

Joshua's closest allies died in the Lupine attack, and he
himself dropped out of sight for a while. He has retumed,
however, and is one of the few Kindred aware that the Sabbat
was behind the destruction. He has sworn vengeance on that
sect; should he discover its presence in Chicago, he would do
everything in his power to destroy it.

Sire: Tyler

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1913 (born 1870)

Apparent Age: Mid-40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance |

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 2, Intrigue 4, Leadership 2,
Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 2, Melee 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Chicago 4, Linguistics 2,
Politics 4

Disciplines: Celerity 4, Obfuscate 2, Potence 2, Pres-
ence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Fame 1, Influence 1, Retainers 2,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 9

Image: Short and stocky. He has a short black beard
speckled with gray, and wears cheap, off-the-rack suits.

Roleplaying Hints: You're tired, and your eyes show it.
Things were great when you were younger, and you love to
tell people about it. Now — ach — the world has grown very
homogenous and dull — not worth discussing. You have a
thick Polish accent; it has improved in the last few years, but
it is still quite distinctive.

Haven: The basement of an old apartment building in
east Chicago.

Secrets: B

Influence: All of Joshua's relationships with mortal
society come from his friends in the unions. While they don't
know the whole story, they do know he has been involved
with the unions for a long time; they respect his opinions and
give him aid. His Retainers are both longtime union men,
and through them he controls most of the labor unions still

found in Chicago. However, because unions don't have
much general influence anymore (though they still pervade
Chicago), he does not have much real power in the city.

Anita Wainwright

Anita Wainwright has been fighting the Powers That Be
since she was a student at the University of Illinois in the late
1950s. She took several Freedom Rides to Alabama while still
a college student. She subsequently joined up with the
Diggers in New York City and worked in their free store.
Later still, she returned to Chicago, where she wrote for an
underground newspaper called the Chicago Seed and helped
run yet another free store. To her parents' horror, she also
became intimate with a Black Panther named Theodore
Dooley.

Anita was among the Chicago organizers who helped
plan the massive demonstrations scheduled for the Demo-
cratic convention. She was also one of the first to be beaten
by the police when they attacked the protesters. Several
weeks later, after recovering from her injuries, she went
looking for Dooley. She found him in the basement of the
building housing the Black Panthers' headquarters, feeding
ona cop. At first she was horrified by what he had become,
but then she felt she understood. Anita had also acquired a
thirst for vengeance — the same thirst that led others of her
generation to join the Weathermen or the Symbionese
Liberation Army. Within a few days she had convinced
Dooley to Embrace her.

Over the years Anita's involvement in human soc
has diminished and her interest in reforming Kindred society

has increased. She has maintained her passion for change,
though, and is one of the few anarchs in Chicago to have
developed more national connections. She has occasionally
provided anarchs from other cities with a safe place to stay in

Chicago.

10 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Anita had planned on moving out of Chicago before the
Lupine attack, but now has reason to stay. Aftera close brush
with the werewolves, she discovered several close friends,
including Dooley, had been slain by the beasts. She hasswornm
vengeance, but is moving slowly and accumulating informa-
tion about her new foes. She does not hate all Lupines — just
the ones who destroyed her friends.

Sire: Dooley

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1968 (born 1941)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Leadership 4, Streetwise 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Security 3,
Stealth 2, Writing 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 2, Lupine Lore 1,
Medicine 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 1, Potence I, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 9

Willpower: 8

Image: Medium-sized Caucasian female, 5' 8" tall and
125 pounds. She has auburn hair and dresses casually.

Roleplaying Hints: You follow the old maxim, "Only
speak when you have something to say." While generally
quiet, you can speak for hours about a subject that concerns
you.

Haven: An abandoned store in south Chicago (used to
be her free store).

Secrets: B

Influence: Anita controls very little in Chicago but has
excellent connections to the anarchs of other cities. She has
even developed a link with the Sabbat of New York. If
anyone in Chicago wishes to get in contact with the national
network of Brujah and anarchs, it will have to be done
through her. If she feels someone to be deserving, she can
provide that person with a list of contacts in almost every
major city in North America — a list that would be very
valuable to certain personages in the Camarilla who would
like to see an end to the Anarch Movement. She
arrange for transportation to the West Coast, which has

in even

become the anarch capital of the world. However, she must
trust and respect the individual who seeks this information
before she will divulge it.

Thomas Ewell ("Balthazar",
"Sheriff")

Lt. Thomas S. Ewell was a Southern aristocrat caught in
New York when the War between the States broke out. He
led a group of Confederate bandits who raided New England
banks during the war, using the war as a pretext to gain
fortune and tolive the exciting life of outlaws. His men loved
his dashing bravado and would have followed him to the
gates of hell, especially if money was involved. He carried the
fight as far north as New Hampshire before finally seeking
sanctuary in Canada as the war drew to a close.

Ewell's attempts to recruit soldiers for the Southern
cause caught the attention of few Canadians, but did interest
a recent arrival — the vampire Alexis Blanc. Blanc had fled
Paris following the failed 1848 rebellions. Hoping to escape
both the Camarilla and the European aristocracy, then
clamping down on rebels of all types, she had fled to Canada
and settled in Ottawa as the "prince" of the city.

She met the dashing young Confederate officer at a
society ball and was fascinated by his rebellious nature and his
aristocratic charm. He saw her as a French heiress and an
opportunity to regain his fortune. After the burning of
Atlanta, Ewell found it impossible to recruit new soldiers for
the failed cause — and even more difficult to obtain the
money to keep up his lifestyle. Alexis saw her own defeat in
Europe reflected in her dashing young soldier. Unable to bear
his pain any longer, she Embraced him just days after the war
ended.

Unwilling to return to a defeated South, Mr. Ewell
remained in Canada with hissire. He took the name Balthazar
and began a life of great debauchery, learning much from
Alexis about the ways of the Damned. However, he quickly

Chapter Four: The Kindred 71


grew bored with the role of the cavalier and tired of her
demands on him. For a time he lived apart from her, and
refused to respect her authority as prince. One evening he
created a neonate without her permission: a young French-
Canadian by the name of Marc Levesque. When she found
out, she flew into a great rage and in retaliation took the
young vampire and Blood Bound him toher. Alexisand Marc
grew very close.

In the late 1870s, when word of the upheaval in Chicago
reached Canada, the three of them journeyed to the Windy
City in hopes of establishing a Brujah state. The moment
they arrived they became allies of Modius, the Prince of Gary,
who was leading the socialist movement in all-out war
against the corrupt political system, and simultaneously
attacking the power of the Prince of Chicago. The aid of
Alexis, Balthazar and Mare was enough to tip the balance.
Fora time it was a very exciting life, and Balthazar was happy
to be at war again. However, this war was far less enjoyable
than the last. The trade unionists were too serious and boring,
and didn't know how to live the good life. Even worse, he was
poor.

The Ventrue Hinds was the first to learn of this dissat-
isfaction after encountering Balthazar at a play. Hinds
arranged a meeting between the Brujah and the Ventrue
leadership. Late one night, Balthazar and Ballard, the senior
member of Lodin's brood, met to discuss the future. Balthazar
offered to betray Modius and his new ally Alexis in return for
being given an extremely handsome monthly stipend and the
freedom to take anyone he pleased as his vessels. Ballard
quickly agreed, and that very night Balthazar led a group of
Ventrue to one of Modius' havens. It was he who drove the
stake into Alexis' heart and put the building to the torch with
her still inside.

However, he had enough mercy left in his heart to let his
neonate go—a decision he later regretted. The loss of Alexis
was such a serious injury to Modius that Lodin was given
enough breathing room to recoup his forces. Not long there-
after, the socialists suffered their first significant defeats.

Balthazar began to live the life of a king, and was well
received by Lodin and the other elders of Chicago. In an
effort to overcome and forget his treachery, he began to assist
Ballard in his suppression of the anarchs. By engaging in
treachery against his kind again and again, he hoped to
diminish the importance of his original treachery and the
destruction of his sire. In time he became Lodin's primary
enforcer, entrusted with the suppression and control of the
anarchs. It was a duty he has performed well over the years.

He is now known as "the Sheriff" among the anarchs of
the city. It began asan insulting nickname, but now he insists
upon it. He isa traitor to his own kind and the other Brujah
almost universally hate him for it.

With the death of Lodin, Balthazar has begun casting
covetous eyes upon the princeship. While an outside con-
tender at best, he has made his "platform" the suppression of

the anarchs. The primogen sees him as far too divisive to rule
the city, but might turn to him should events begin getting
out of hand.

Sire: Alexis Blanc

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1865 (born 1827)

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Stealth
2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Oc-
cult 3, Politics 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Dominate 5, Forti-
tude 3, Potence 3, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Herd 1, Resources 2, Status 3, Retainers

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 6

Image: When he is not scowling he is good-looking, and
when he decides to dress up he doesn't seem like such an oaf.
However, Sheriff delights in taking the insults that the other
Brujah throw at him and living them out. Thus in recent
years he has begun to wear a Stetson and Western boots, and
has taken to chewing tobacco. When he is not busy trying to
impress his peers, however, he can be found in the Rack, very
well dressed.

Roleplaying Hints: Be pushy and take up as much of the
other characters' physical space as possible. Let your arro-
gance and malevolence show in your voice. Speak witha slow
Southern drawl, but drop it whenever you get angry. Above
all, try to gain the respect of those you bully. You especially
want Brujah to know and fear your name.

Haven: He has a number of different havens, all of them
extremely well hidden. While he sleeps, he is always guarded
by at least one of his Retainers.

Secrets: B

Influence: Balthazar has begun Dominating police left
and right. He has no control over any departments, but has

plants in almost every one. His Retainers are five ex-cops (all
of whom were kicked off the force and are every bitas ruthless
as he is). They are well trained in dealing with Kindred and
will do nearly anything he says. They are superbly Condi-
tioned.

72 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Damien is a man trapped in the body of a 14-year-old
boy. He has gained an enormous amount of confidence after
living as a vampire for more than 30 years, but has never fully
shed his child's outlook. He was Embraced in the late '60s by
a Brujah of a very early generation; he does not know who
sired him, but may someday realize that it was Critias, one of
the primogen of the city.

For reasons of his own, Critias did not stick around to
help the young boy through the trauma of the Change.
Nonetheless, Damien has slowly pieced together a good
understanding of the world of the undead, at least partially
through his constant persecution. Sheriff seems to have it in
for him and will go to any length to make his unlife miserable
—he has no idea how powerful Damien really is, but knows
that he is hard to kill.

Damien has been a street waif without a permanent
haven ever since his Embrace, and has still not come to terms
with his need for blood. He overcompensates for his short-
comings by presenting himself as an unquenchable,
unconquerable force — his ego knows no bounds. Damien is
almost Toreador-like in his quest for pleasure, though this
pursuit cannot equal his rebelliousness. Underneath his
bravado, however, Damien is a decent individual with a
highly developed sense of honor.

Early on, he befriended one of the elders of the city, a
Malkavian named Johann, who did much to educate Damien
in the ways of the Kindred. He learned a great deal from
Johann, who was the only Kindred he truly trusted. Johann's
death during the Lupine attack has shaken Damien a great
deal, as has the destruction of a young Caitiff Damien had
been protecting. Damien does not blame the Lupines —
believing the attacks to have been sparked by the Sabbat —
but feels he failed in protecting his friends. He has begun to
see the vacancy in the princeship as an opportunity, and may
soon make a move for the post.

If there are to be any surprises in the Jyhad between the
Methuselahs, they may come from this diminutive Brujah.
He holds many secrets that would be a surprise to all, most
especially himself.

Sire: Critias

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Child

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1962 (born 1948)

Apparent Age: Young teenager

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 5,
Dodge 4, Intimidation 2, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Firearms 4, Melee 1, Music 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 1, Occult 3, Politics 1

Disciplines: Celerity 4, Dominate 2, Potence 3, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Mentor 3, Resources 5, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 1, Courage 3

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 9

Image: Though he seems young, Damien's early genera-
tion makes him extremely potent. His bearing is arrogant,
and is a strong contrast to his "angelic" face. He has pitch-
black hair and wide eyes that seem to absorb everything that
goes on around him. His clothing is always of the latest
fashion, but is invariably ostentatious and utterly without
taste. He talks and acts big, but the core of undeveloped youth
is still within him; this can easily be noticed by anyone with
Empathy.

Roleplaying Hints: Act much tougher than your ap-
pearance might suggest — you swing your weight around as
muchas possible. Don't take guff from anyone without giving
some back. You always try to pick up the women you meet,
and nobly ignore it when they reject you.

Haven: Damien currently lives in Johann's old haven —
an old haven in north Chicago — but also maintains an
apartment downtown, where he takes his vessels (invariably
female) once he has picked them up.

Secrets: B-

Influence: None, buthe retainsa certain reputation and
respect among some of the Kindred.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 73


Gengis

Gengis is one of the anarchs' greatest supporters — he
rebels impulsively and reflexively. He was created in the late
'60s by a Brujah who was passing through on her way to the
West Coast and was briefly attracted to his sense of style; his
sire moved on soon after, and he has had to make his own way
in vampire society. In the '70s he was one of the first punks,
and he has never given up that style of appearance — it fits
him too well.

Gengis hates the elders and is solidly pro-anarch. He
likes nothing better than a good fight, especially if blood is
spilled. He has not yet recognized his own immortality, but is
little concerned with his own safety. Though he would never
admit it — even to himself — he is very much a conformist
(to punk and anarch values) and always wants to follow the
group. If he thinks of someone as being "cool," he will want
to follow and emulate that person; after a time, he will seek
guidance and advice from the person whom he considers to
be the leader. If a character comes across as both a rebel and
a powerful leader, Gengis will instantly and naturally fall into
his or her orbit.

Though he appears as a punk when he goes about the
world, Gengis has a well-kept condo where he likes to watch
Chicago Bulls games and cook meals for a number of yuppie
friends he has somehow made over the years. They don't
realize that Gengis is a vampire (what an absurd idea!), but
they do know he's somewhat weird.

Sire: Ethrica

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1968 (born 1944)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Security 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 2, Occult 2

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Potence 2, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Herd 2, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 6

Image: With a shaven head, a dagger tattoo just above
his right ear, and a safety pin in his nose, it is readily apparent
that this man is out in left field. In fact, he's so far out he's in
the bleachers.

Roleplaying Hints: Slowly nod your head and narrow
your eyes. Speak forcefully, but never directly, about the
subject at hand.

Haven: Gengis lives in a condo near the Gold Coast.

Secrets: D

Influence: His Herd is a group of yuppies, but they have
little political power. He has no influence on the mortal
world.

Carlyle

The newspapers branded Carlyle "a true menace to
society." The federal prosecutor labeled him "the most dan-
gerous man in California." The judge called him "an
incorrigible criminal without the slightest hint of a con-
science." So they put him away, sentencing him to life
imprisonment with no chance of parole for his kidnappings.

Of course, Carlyle knew he had no business being in
Alcatraz. His only crime was being a Black Panther when the
FBI had decided that the Black Panthers should be no more.
They set him up perfectly. Carlyle loudly protested his
innocence when he discovered the college student who had
recently joined him was a 16-year-old whose father was a cop.
She said he had kidnapped her to force her father to protect
a drug operation, and Carlyle was gone before you could say
"snowjob."

Other forces, however, had no interest in seeing Carlyle
rot in jail. Salvador (see The Anarch Cookbook) visited him
only a few months after he had been jailed, offering him both
immortality and freedom in exchange for becoming a foot
soldier in the War of Ages. Carlyle accepted.

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


After the Embrace, Carlyle's body was shipped out of the
prison for burial, and Salvador intercepted it before it could
be buried. Together the pair made their way to Los Angeles,
where Salvador put him to work forming a new anarch gang.

This gang subsequently traveled throughout Camarilla
territory, spreading anarch propaganda and recruiting new
members. It also counteracted some of the more violent
archons and Sabbat gangs, and was to be a resource to aid all
anarchs.

Carlyle and his gang have traveled across the United
States, setting up havens in almost every city. They have
been involved in numerous confrontations with the elders:
they have fought their skinhead pawns in the Northwest,
their control of the coal unions in West Virginia, and their
more violent minions in Greensboro, North Carolina.

They have also battled the Sabbat on occasion, most
notably in the Cobb Creek district of Philadelphia in May of
1985, and in New Jersey in 1989 and 1990. During this last
set of battles they encountered Andrei, who became the most
recent addition to their gang.

Carlyle has been through Chicago on a number of
occasions, and has established a haven in the basement of
Water Tower Place. He wanted to help Maldavis during her
days of power, but as most of the battles were political, he
could do little. Now he has gained permission from Salvador
totake more direct action to bring the anarchs to power in the
city, and has made his presence known.

Neither Carlyle nor Salvador know, however, that
Carlyle had a visitor right before being sentenced to Alcatraz.
This old Ventrue knew Carlyle would be a perfect candidate
for the anarchs, and thus planted some very deep commands
in his brain. He then had Carlyle sent to Alcatraz, near the
heart of anarch territory. The Ventrue has not activated
these commands yet, but may do so at any time.

Sire: Salvador

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1969 (born 1942)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Security 1, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Poli-
tics 3, Sabbat Lore 2

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 3, Dominate 2,
Fortitude 1, Potence 4, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Fame 1, Mentor 2,
Status |

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 5

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Notes: Carlyle has gained a reputation both as a mortal
and as a vampire. A minor countercultural hero of the '60s,
his death in prison sparked some outcry, but that quickly
disappeared in the noise of the era. His battles against both
the Camarilla and the Sabbat have gained him a reputation
as a dedicated and effective anarch.

Image: Carlyle is a handsome man, clean-shaven with
close-cropped hair. He is 6'1", 185 pounds, and muscular.

Roleplaying Hints: You believe yourself to be a natural-
born leader and act accordingly. Your weigh your decisions
before you make them, listening to advice from those you
respect, and then act accordingly. You are somewhat stub-
born and rarely change your mind once you have firmly made
it up.

Haven: A basement sublevel in Water Tower Place.

Secrets: B

Influence: Carlyle has tumed one of the leaders of the
revived Black Panthers into a ghoul, and has a great deal of
influence over that group. Otherwise, he is still building his
power base in the area.

Andrei

Andrei found his place in the Soviet Union to be a most
comfortable one, for his parents were Party faithful, and their
son was raised in the best Communist tradition. From a young
age he was groomed fora place in the Politburo, and his future
seemed assured.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 75


Then came World War II. All able-bodied Russians,
even the children of the Party, had to do their part. In 1940
Andrei joined the tank corps and was soon a commander. He
was typical of the sort of armored troops the Soviet Union
spawned in those days — loyal, intelligent and extremely
competent. He fought in the great battles that spelled Hitler's
downfall, including Stalingrad, Kursk, the liberation of Kiev
and the lifting of the Leningrad siege. By the time his tank
tolled into Warsaw, Andrei had become a colonel, and one
of the rising stars of the Soviet Army.

Andrei had long ago attracted the attention of Sigfried,
one of the enforcers for the Brujah Council that ruled the
country. Even before the war Sigfried had set his sights on
Andrei, but the war speeded up the process. The Brujah
needed to replace the vampires who had died in the war, and
also needed more members to facilitate their planned expan-
sion through Eastern Europe.

One night, while the Soviet troops were being shelled by
some of the few remaining German artillery pieces, Sigfried
planted a bomb by Andrei's tank. He then spirited out the
young colonel, subsequently detonating the bomb and kill-
ing the crew. He took Andrei to a nearby bomb shelter and
Embraced him.

Sigfried did not have the Council's permission to Blood
Bond Andrei, so he Dominated the neonate into following
orders. Andrei remained in Poland when the war ended,
helping to ensure Soviet control of the land, and then
traveled throughout Eastern Europe. He spent most of his
time ferreting out disloyal Kindred and leading assaults
against those he could not kill personally.

He was called back to the Motherland in the 1980s to
deal with domestic threats to Brujah rule. He had barely
begun when the Council began its coup against Gorbachev.
The next few days were a whirlwind of blood and destruction
— ancient, powerful Brujah disappeared, and the Council's
control of the country was shattered.

As the coup fell apart, Sigfried and Andrei gathered the
remaining Brujah to try and deal with the threat. Suddenly,
an ancient, horrendously ugly Nosferatu burst into the room.
Screaming and cackling, she tore into the Brujah, ripping
their heads from their bodies and setting others on fire with
but a touch.

Sigfried was one of the first to go. As the decapitated
body fell to the floor, and the Nosferatu popped the head into
its gaping maw, Andrei felt a great weight lift from his mind.
The freedom that coursed through his undead body inspired
movement, and Andrei bolted from the room. He ran as fast
as he could to Sigfried's private hangar, passing speeding cars
along the way.

He flew northwestward until dawn, landing in an old
wheat field to sleep. He passed the day in Sigfried's concealed
coffin, but awoke the next night to find his plane in the hands
of Finnish police. This did not long deter him — he sneaked
out of their holding area, and continued his journey west.

Hoping to put as much roomas possible between himself
and the horror of Russia, he caught sail to the United States.
Landing in New York, he was quickly discovered by the
Sabbat and fled to New Jersey. Here he encountered Carlyle
and managed to escape his Black Hand pursuers.

Andrei feels he owes Carlyle a great deal, and has agreed
to help him with his plans. Together the pair traveled to
Chicago. Andrei handles much of the group's planning, but
little of its action. He fears both the Nosferatu and the
Sabbat, and has no idea what to do with his newfound
freedom.

Sire: Sigfried

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1944 (born 1920)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 3

Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 4, Heavy Weapons 3, Melee 2,
Pilot 4, Repair 2, Security 4, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Investigation 5, Linguis-
tics 5, Occult 2, Politics 4, Tactics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 5, Fortitude 2, Obfus-
cate 1, Potence 4, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Clan Prestige 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 6

16

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Notes: Well-traveled Brujah have heard of Andrei, for
he was an important figure in the Soviet Union. While some
would be willing to help him, most would be afraid of the
consequences of helping a member of the ill-fated Council.
He is one of the few who know the truth of what happened
to the Soviet Union, however, and many Kindred from many
clans would do much for that knowledge.

Image: A young, strong man with close-cropped blond
hair. He has very pale skin and strong blue eyes.

(4th)
Menele Tyler (oti)

a ia ll Joshua (th)

Damien (th)
Hank Cave ©)
Dooley ©)

Anita (12h)

Salvador (7th) ()

Carlyle (sth)

ley mel

Andrei (7th)

Roleplaying Hints: You know you have made some
extremely powerful enemies, so you do anything to avoid
being noticed. Freedom is a strange concept to you, and you
are just beginning to enjoy it. You do owe Carlyle a life boon,
though, and until it is paid off, you are in his service.

Haven: With Carlyle.

Secrets: C

Influence: Carlyle knows listening to Andrei is a good
idea, but otherwise Andrei has no influence on the city.

Louise ()

Ramone ©) Dezi ©)

Alexis (0)
Balthazar (th)

(Neon) ©) Levesque (0)

Ethirica (1th)

Gengis (12th)

Disappeared

Chapter Four: The Kindred 77


in

Once again the Caitiff were the first to die; the Lupine
attack destroyed almost all of Chicago's clanless. Now the
Caitiffhave little or no organization. Other than the fact that
all are anarchs and belong to one anarch coterie or another,
they have very little to do with each other. They share no
sense of common identity and tend to hold the entire clan
concept in contempt. To them, this is the modern age and
clans are no longer of any import.

Carol Davis ("Maldavis")

Carol Davis recognized Abraham DuSable (see Tremere,
below) in a jazz club one night in 1980. She was sure beyond
adoubt that the distinguished black gentleman sitting alone
at a comer table was her great-uncle, whom she knew only
from old family photographs. The family thought he had
been killed by the Ku Klux Klan shortly after World War 1 —
yet he looked no older than he had in the photographs.
Something was very strange about this, that much she knew;
for much of the night she simply watched him.

After her friends had left for the night, she went over to
speak to the old man, who seemed lost in the music. He
looked blank when she told him who she was, but reacted
with horror when she told him who he was. He promised to
explain everything to her if she came with him; she was
somewhat reluctant to do so, but eventually her curiosity got
the better of her and she agreed.

Unfortunately, DuSable was havinga hard time control-
ling his panic at being discovered; indeed, he was close to
frenzy. This young woman had triggered all his fears about
being revealed and losing the status he had so carefully built
up in the Tremere. At the same time, he desired her in a way
he had never before desired anyone. Upon leaving the
nightclub, fear and passion united and he lost control of his
Beast. All at once, he swept her up and drank her blood faster
than he had ever done before. Revolted at what he had done,
he slit his wrist and let a drop of vitze fall into his relative's
mouth. Then he fled into the night, leaving behind only his
guilt.

This might have been the end for Davis. Despite having
received a drop of blood, she was too weak to move and would
have died under the searing rays of dawn. However, Dickie
(see below), who at the time suspected the Tremere of being
behind all the maneuverings in vampiric society, had been
watching DuSable; his curiosity was piqued by this newly

Embraced woman. After rescuing her and ascertaining her
relationship to the old Tremere, he took Davis under his wing
and showed her the ins and outs of unlife among the Damned.
As a Caitiff he was unable to teach her those Disciplines
unique to the Tremere. Maldavis (as she renamed herself) is,
as far as anyone knows, the only Caitiff in Chicago who was
created by a Tremere. She never told anyone the identity of
her sire, and has preserved his secret out of a sense of family
loyalty.

For a Caitiff, Maldavis adapted reasonably well to her
new existence. Indeed, after a year of dwelling among the
Kindred, Maldavis found she had gained some exceptional
abilities; she attributed them to the fact that she was created
by a Tremere and taught by a Caitiff.

Unknown to her, however, she was being groomed by
several members of the primogen to lead a war against Lodin.
She had received blood from both Annabelle Triabell (see
Toreador, below) and Critias (see Brujah, above). With only
a slight nudge from these elders, Maldavis found herself
increasingly detesting the way Chicago was run. She began to
recruit among the anarchs, and to her surprise she soon found
herself with a powerful army of supporters. Hers was the right
voice at the right moment in history — and with the right
backing.

78

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


She also took the time to spread her influence through-
out mortal society. Lodin remained unaware of her activities
until the early '80s, and shortly thereafter all-out war shook
the city. At first Maldavis gained the upper hand among both
Kindred and kine. Her followers took control of the city's
government, and the anarchs began to wipe out many of
Lodin's Kindred supporters. Lodin finally had to plead with
the members of the primogen, swearing to follow their orders
faithfully and forever if they stopped supporting Maldavis.
This time the vote was 4-3 in his favor; the primogen
members had what they wanted and were ready to stop the
storm of chaos. The tide shifted, and the united forces of the
elders quickly restored order. Soon Maldavis was out of power
and most of her followers were dead.

Nonetheless, despite repeated attempts on her life by
Lodin, Maldavis remained active. Now that Lodin has met
his Final Death, she has come out of hiding and has begun to
tally the anarchs. Her main competitor for their loyalty is
Juggler, though he has yet to announce any ambitions to
become prince. The two have never been friendly, and
Juggler is known to have made snide comments about "that
anarch who'd rather be prince."

Sire: DuSable

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1980 (born 1955)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 4,
Leadership 5, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Chicago 5, Investigation 4,
Law 2, Politics 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 2, Fortitude 2, Ob-
fuscate 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Influence 3, Men-
tor 2, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 10

Willpower: 10

Notes: Maldavis' extraordinary powers during the rebel-
lion were in fact the results of aid from members of the
primogen, either through the use of their blood to perform
amazing physical feats and heal others, or through their
invisible actions. While they have deserted her, she has still
attracted the attention of other elders, most notably the
Inconnu Monitor (see Others, below).

Image: A handsome woman, 5' 11" and 120 pounds. She
has a commanding gaze.

Roleplaying Hints: You still desire to change vampiric
society, but you are wracked with guilt over the damage your
crusade has done to those who allied with you. While youstill
try to be decisive, you become hesitant and full of self-doubt
every time you try to take over. You believe you are a has-
been, and allow yourself to be ignored and ridiculed by others
asa result.

Haven: Maldavis has numerous safe havens around the
metropolitan area and frequently changes her resting place.

Secrets: B+

Influence: She doesn't have much anymore, although
she could possibly turn to some of her old supporters among
the primogen if she had something of value to trade (informa-
tion, for example). She still has numerous mortal Allies in
positions of importance, if not power.

Richard Fulcher ("Dickie")

Richard Fulcher hated life in Carbondale, Illinois. He
ran away from home several times before making his big break
in 1975, when he was 13. He fled north to Chicago, and for
the next two years lived the precarious existence of a teenage
runaway.

The hippies, who had long provided surrogate homes for
kids like Dickie, were dying out, leaving the young newcom-
ers on their own. Into the vacuum left by their passing came
the punk movement, which Dickie first discovered in 1977
with the help of Valerie, a young punk from England. Valerie,
a slender 14-year-old vampire, also introduced him to the
pleasures of the blood.

Soon the two were running through the night streets of
Chicago, exulting in their powers and feeding on the
"straights" who were the bane of their existence. Dickie was
exquisitely happy with his new life and the Blood Bond he
shared with Valerie. However, Valerie's plans went beyond

Chapter Four: The Kindred 79


simply terrorizing straights. She had been forced to leave
England in the early 1970s after an anarch attempt to take
over Birmingham had failed miserably.

Valerie had already begun some awkward attempts to
organize the anarchs of Chicago when Dickie, who had been
assigned to keep an eye on the Tremere, found Carol Davis
(now Maldavis, above) lying outside a Chicago nightclub.
He and Valerie nursed her back to health and taught her
about the world into which she had been thrust. They were
in turn amazed by the incredible powers Maldavis soon
displayed. When Maldavis began to move against the vampiric
establishment, Valerie became one of her most devoted
followers and, as always, Dickie followed Valerie.

Valerie paid the final price when Maldavis lost her bid
for power, though that was one path down which Dickie did
not follow her. Trapped under the ruins of Maldavis' head-
quarters, he could only writhe helplessly as Ballard and his
ghouls staked Valerie to the roof of the Sears Tower. He
physically felt his lover's agony as the sun consumed her. He
swore vengeance against Lodin and his brood, and devoted
his existence to gaining the power necessary to fulfill his
pledge.

Lodin's destruction has made this goal obsolete. Now
Dickie is casting around for something else to give his life
purpose, and has rejoined Maldavis as her main supporter. He
unconsciously holds her responsible for Valerie's death, how-
ever, and may turn against her should something better come

along.
Sire: Valerie
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1977 (born 1962)

Apparent Age: Teenager

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 4, Streetwise 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2,
Security 3, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Chicago 4

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Obfus-
cate 4

Backgrounds: None. He is the consummate alleycat in
every sense of the word.

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 8

Notes: Dickie's Animalism, except for Song of Serenity,
only applies to rats, which he kept and trained even as a
mortal.

Image: A young punk, Dickie had a foot-tall mohawk at
the time of his Embrace and still wears it proudly while in his
real form. He occasionally uses his Obfuscate to make himself
look different.

Roleplaying Hints: You've been on the run so long
you're more than slightly paranoid. Look around a lot and
talk only when it suits your purposes.

Haven: Anywhere. He is one of the anarchs who favor
taking over a suburban home and terrorizing its inhabitants
before killing them off.

Secrets: B-

Influence: None.

Jasper Krevets

Chemicals of all kinds always fascinated Jasper. One of
his earliest, and most used, birthday presents was a chemistry
set. As he got older, he received, bought or stole more and
more sophisticated sets, until by high school he could create
anything he liked.

This ability proved especially useful in college, when
Jasper supported himself through the creation of designer
drugs. Before he could graduate, however, his fraternity was
busted and Jasper was arrested. Released on bail and seeking
a way to avoid prison, he contacted some of the people who
used to purchase his wares. With their aid, he managed to slip
a substance of his own devising into the drinks of the police
who arrested him.

Their mysterious deaths caused the case against Jasper to
collapse, and he prepared to celebrate his freedom. That was
when his former customers returned. In exchange for having
helped kill the cops, they wanted Jasper to begin doing
research for them. They moved him to Mexico and set him
up ina lab.

80 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


At first Jasper enjoyed the opportunity, as he was al-
lowed to experiment with the oddest compounds, using the
best of equipment. As time passed, however, he began to
realize that his lab had become as much a prison as any jail in
the States. With nowhere to go, and nothing to do except
work on chemicals, Jasper became infuriated with his situa-
tion.

He vented his frustrations by blowing things up, and
developed some marvelously effective combinations for just
this purpose. He planned to use them against his "captors"
but, before he had the chance, they returned.

A dozen men and women descended on the lab that
night; another dozen were chained behind them. Without a
word, they bound their captives, and Jasper, to a wall. Jasper
watched in horror as one captive after another was slain, and
his blood consumed.

After half the captives had been killed in this manner,
the captors stopped, and began to discuss plans for fighting
"those anarch scum." Then the wall crashed down. Into the
building swarmed black-clad figures and several wolves. The
small lab was destroyed in an insanely violent melee, as blood
and body parts flew everywhere.

It was over rather quickly. The attackers stood victori-
ous; Jasper's captors lay dead on the ground. The victors
questioned the remaining captives, killing and drinking the
blood of two who admitted to being police and releasing four
after telling them to "forget the whole thing."

By now Jasper knew what his saviors were. He realized
that the odd compounds with which he had been working
were types of vampiric blood. He begged his rescuers to let
him join them, telling them how much he knew about their
kind. Intrigued, his rescuers Embraced him, and Jasper has
been a vampire ever since.

Carlyle had been one of the leaders of the attack, and
made Jasper one of the first recruits for his new gang. Jasper
has since developed a number of chemicals that affect Kin-
dred, but has spent much of his recent time continuing his
work with explosives.

Jasper has little real allegiance to the anarch cause and,
despite the fact that it was the Sabbat that took him to
Mexico, has little hatred of that sect — or the Camarilla. He
mainly likes working with his chemicals, and experimenting
with them on Kindred and kine alike.

Sire: Donny

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1983 (born 1960)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Demolitions 4, Drive 1, Firearms 2,Gunsmithing 2,
Repair 4, Survival 1

Knowledges: Alchemy 1, Computer 3, Investigation 3,
Medicine 4, Occult 3, Science 5

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 1, Fortitude 1,
Thaumaturgy 2 (Weather Control 1, Elemental Mastery 1)

Backgrounds: Contacts 1

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 5

Notes: Jasper has developed a special gas that soaks into
Kindred's skin, causing the skin and bones to dry and become
brittle. A character whose skin comes in contact with the gas
must roll six dice (difficulty is the character's current Blood
Points [maximum 10]). The character will want to roll low,
because each success increases the difficulty of soak rolls by
one. The effect wears off at the rate of one per hour. This gas
has no effect on humans. Jasper carries a number of hand
grenades with this gas in them. He may have any other gases
the Storyteller desires or makes up.

Image: Donny did not heal Jasper's acne or nearsighted-
ness before Embracing him, and Jasper still suffers from these
defects, though he can cure them for a night at a cost of one
Blood Point each. Usually he doesn't, however, and the zits
and Coke-bottle glasses mark his tall, skinny, pale and
cadaverous appearance.

Roleplaying Hints: You take little interest in others,
generally ignoring them. When you do talk to others, you
tend to whine and complain.

Haven: With Carlyle.

Secrets: D

Influence: None.

Raymond Wallace

Raymond got his start popping off kittens' heads and
wringing puppy dogs' necks. As he got older and bigger, he
graduated to larger and larger animals. On his 16th birthday,
he killed his first human. It takes a very rare individual to turn
such a hobby into a profitable occupation, but Raymond
managed.

He became an enforcer for New Orleans' capo, taking
care of those individuals who threatened the capo's regime.
Raymond eventually captured the attention of the Ventrue
whocontrolled the capo; the vampire decided to use Raymond
directly. Thus Raymond became a ghoul, and as much a
master of the garrote as he already was with his hands.

This happy arrangement did not last long, however.
Before becoming Blood Bound to the Ventrue, Raymond
discovered that his master, who could only drink Cajun
blood, had slain his father several years before. Few things on
earth mattered to Raymond, but his family was one such
thing. The night Raymond found out about his father's fate,
he crept up behind the Ventrue and...no more Ventrue.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 81

The Ventrue's brood chased Raymond, but he found
protection among the anarchs. The anarchs decided
Raymond's best chance was to become a vampire in the
Anarch Free States, so they Embraced him and sent him west.
There he met Carlyle and joined the gang.

Raymond has little interest in the Anarch Movement,
but has found ita fine vehicle for practicing his hobby. More
than one elder has fallen to his slipknot, and his ham-like
hands are nothing to be laughed at, either.

Sire: Susan

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: [1th

Embrace: 1985 (born 1954)

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Brawl 4, Intimidation 4, Streetwise 2

Skills: Firearms 1, Melee 5, Security 2, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Linguistics 1

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Potence 3, Protean 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 2

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 6

Notes: Raymond carries a razor-sharp garrote. It has a
difficulty of seven and does Strength + 1 in damage. If
Raymond rolls five or more successes on his attack roll (after
any dodge attempt) and five more on the damage roll (after
any soak), he severs the body part hit.

Image: At 6'6" and 336 pounds, Raymond is one impos-
ing Cajun.

Roleplaying Hints: You rarely speak, knowing you
aren't very smart and do better when people think you are
stupid. When you do speak, it is with a thick Cajun accent,
doncha know?

Haven: With Carlyle.

Secrets: D-

Influence: Raymond still maintains some contact with
the New Orleans mob, but cannot return to the city lest he
be attacked. Still, he might be able to call on some of his old
friends in a pinch.

Victoria Longwood

When Torrence saw Victoria Longwood at her coming-
out party, he knew he had to have her. Victoria, a descendant
of some of the oldest money in New England, knew she made
a striking figure as she walked down the marble stairway in
the family's ages-old mansion, but she had no idea someone
could see herasa work of art. She had even less idea that there
was a vampire at the party.

At the end of the evening, Torrence finally managed to
comer Victoria in the garden, and began talking about the art
of beauty. Bored within seconds, Victoria was about to make
her apologies and leave when Torrence looked deep into her
eyes. "You will be mine," he commanded, and that night
Victoria became one of the undead.

Torrence immediately began her indoctrination into
Clan Toreador, and again recited his spiel on the art of
beauty. This was enough to shake his control of the neonate.
Bored beyond death, Victoria picked up a garden stake and
drove it through Torrence's chest before he had any idea of
what was happening. Then she left.

Victoria would not have survived her first week as a
vampire except for the good fortune of encountering a gang
of anarchs who had taken over the house of some neighbors.

82 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Extremely amused by Victoria's story, they accepted her as
one of their own, and Victoria joined in with abandon as she
and the gang drained her neighbors dry.

Soon Victoria came to realize how much she had been
repressed through the years. Her ever-so-proper breeding had
kept her from truly expressing what was in her heart, but she
could make up for that now. Soon her depravity and wildness
shocked even the gang with which she ran, and she left for
California.

In the Anarch Free States she encountered Carlyle, who
recruited her for his gang. She proved popular among the
gang members, as much for her wildness as for her beauty. She
is an extremely effective member of the gang, afraid of
nothingand willing to face down rampaging werewolves. She
retains her independence even when working with the gang,
however, and Carlyle worries that her lack of teamwork could
prove deadly.

Sire: Torrence

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1984 (born 1962)

Apparent Age: Late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 4,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 1

(Susan) (0)

Raymond (1th)

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Finance 1, Occult 1, Science 1
Disciplines: Celerity 3, Potence 4, Presence 3, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage 5

Humanity: 2

Willpower: 8

Notes: Victoria's family is extremely powerful in the
New England region, but she refuses to have any further
contact with them. If she did, Carlyle's gang could gain a
great deal of money and influence.

Image: A beautiful woman Embraced on her night of
glory, Victoria is tall, perfectly proportioned and without
flaw. She used to favor the oldest, rattiest clothes she could
find, but since the grunge look gained popularity, she has
discarded this look for the anarch standby of leather. She has
also begun wearing more clothes that highlight her beauty
the way she likes — tight black minidresses, thong bikinis,
etc.

Roleplaying Hints: You have little time to talk or listen.
The more time spent in conversation, the less time for
random violence. If someone does catch your interest, take
him with you to destroy something.

Haven: A motel near Water Tower Place. She usually
stays apart from, but near, Carlyle's gang.

Secrets: C-

Influence: None, but she has the potential for a great
deal through her family.

DuSable) (7th)

*Maldavis (th)

Uriah (0)

Valerie (©)

Dickie (th)


Chicago's Gangrel weathered the Lupine attack better
than did any of the other clans, but have gone through even
more substantial changes in the last two years. Once very well
organized, the individual Gangrel have begun to act as
Gangrel often do, becoming more reclusive and less inclined
to congregate. They have not met as a clan in more than a
year, and are unlikely to do so in the near future.

They have also become less involved in the city's poli-
tics. They used to play a stabilizing role in the city, pushing
it away from anarchy and toward order. Now, when the city
needs someone to keep it steady, the Gangrel are less able to
play that role. Other clans have begun to suspect them of
treachery, for they played such a small role in fighting the
Lupines. Were it not for the powerful bonds keeping them in
the city, most of the Gangrel would already have left Chicago
for good.

Inyanga

Long before the Europeans ever discovered the
Unvunyana River, or even set foot on any part of southern
Africa, Inyanga lived among the people who would later
become the Zulus. Her name was a title of respect, and it
brought fear into many a heart. Like all of the Inyanga who
came before her, she spoke with spirits, foretold the future,
used herbs to heal or kill, and served as a buffer between her
people and Emagudu, the Land of the Dead. She became
known for her skill as a shaman, and over the years many
came to her for advice and aid. Thus she was no longer young
when a new kind of death began to stalk her people.

The people of her tribe saw Emagudu notas a metaphysi-
cal afterlife but asa real place, darker and more fearsome than
any jungle. One dark night, Death came on the wings of a bat
and the paws of a wolf, Emagudu came to her people, instead
of they to it, and it began to devour them.

Within a month, 10 had died, their necks torn open and
their bodies drained of blood. Twelve of the tribe's strongest
warriors, armed with spears and shields, entered Emagudu to
do battle. Two returned. When they had recovered their
powers of speech, they tolda fearsome tale of a pale Esemkofu
(Speechless One) who, accompanied by a horde of jackals,
attacked the warriors when they had camped for the night
and slew 10 of them ina death-dance of fangs and claws. They
said the only hope lay in flight — the tribe must find a new
home. As her people prepared to leave their ancestral lands,

angrel

Inyanga made preparations to confront that which had
invaded her domain. She made ready to battle Death. Taking
her mightiest herbs and totems, she entered Emagudu and sat
at the spot where the warriors' moldering bodies still lay.
Shortly after the moon reached its zenith in the summer
sky, Inyanga got her first sight of the spirit of Death. He was
not what she had expected an Esemkofu to be. He instead
appeared asa short, grayish male witha reddish tint to his skin
and straight brown hair that hung down to his cheek, wearing
only an embroidered loincloth and a sinister smile. He spoke
to her in an alien tongue and walked toward her, laughing.
When he came within three paces of where she sat, Inyanga
threw a handful of crushed herbs into the air. The Esemkofu
drew upright with horror when he saw before him not a
middle-aged woman, but a full-grown leopard poised to
spring. Inyanga, in turn, was surprised by the speed with
which he reacted to her attack, and the claws that appeared
on his hands. Though her leap drove him to the ground, he
managed to roll out from under her and regain his feet.

Their battle went on without pause. Inyanga attacked
with all the speed and strength of the mightiest natural
hunter in Africa, and the Esemkofu responded with his own
supernatural powers. At first the battle seemed to go in
Inyanga's favor, but the Esemkofu became ever stronger.

84

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Mauled beyond recognition, he still managed to hurl Inyanga
againsta tree, snapping her spine. She reverted to her human
form and prepared herself for death as he bit into her neck.

Before final oblivion came, however, the Esemkofu slit
his own wrist with his claws and forced Inyanga to drink the
blood. As the fiery liquid began to burn through her system,
she felt his words in her mind, as she had always felt the voices
of the animal spirits.

The words that reached through the agony/ecstasy/life
buffeting her body were a mixture of hatred and awe. "What
are you, witch? Not one of those damnable man-beasts, else I
would have known it long ago. What ARE you!?" Inyanga's
injuries overcame her before she could answer, and she lapsed
into unconsciousness.

During the next several days, Inyanga and the Esemkofu
— who called himself Egyptian — recovered their strength
as they fed on the warriors' decaying bodies. He told her of her
new self, and showed her how to sleep within the bosom of
the earth. In return, she told him the secrets of the Land of
the Dead in which he had made his home. By the end of a
week they had little left to say to each other.

Finally he left Inyanga in their clearing but returned just
before dawn ina frenzy, outraged that his "herd" — Inyanga's
tribe — had left their pasture. This time, however, she was
teady — not with herbs, but with a spear taken from one of
the dead warriors. With all her strength she thrust it through
the Egyptian's black heart; the force of his charge took him
to the middle of the shaft. Inyanga stayed above ground foras
long as she could, hiding under the shade of a tree, and only
sank into sweet sleep when she saw her sire begin to blacken
and burn under the rising sun.

Over the next millennium she traveled the length and
breadth of Africa. At first she fed only on animals, but later,
as the craving became too strong, she stalked humans as well.
She tried to limit her feeding to those she considered evil —
murderers and rogues, and all those who preyed on women.
She also tried to police those of her own kind who slew
wantonly and indiscriminately. In a battle in 1537 against a
sixth-generation Portuguese Malkavian who fed solely on
babies, Inyanga was horribly injured. Hunted by the
Malkavian's progeny, she went to sleep under the watchful
eye of a faithful Retainer on a slave ship bound for the New
World.

Tt took her more than two centuries of sleep to recover
from her wounds. When she rose from torpor in Baltimore,
the Hunger drove her into a frenzy that destroyed the
descendants of her loyal Retainer, who had been guarding her
while she slept. She regained control of her Beast as life
slipped away from the last of them — a 90-year-old grand-
mother. She fled the city and slowly made her way across the
United States. She reached Chicago in 1852, when it was still
on the outskirts of civilization and was just beginning its
climb into prominence. At that time it was a city far outside
the influence of the Ancients of Europe, and was creating its
own system of rulership. It has been her home ever since.

Inyanga was one of the first of the primogen to arrive in
Chicago. While it is no longer on the frontier, neither is any
other place she would want to live. She has no desire to return
to the tragic memories of Africa, but she still travels a great
deal. Indeed, she spends more time traveling the Americas
than residing in Chicago. She almost always travels by foot,
sleeping in the ground at night. She has a remarkable knack
for being in the city at important times and out of it during
times of danger.

Inyanga has lost most of her human softness during the
past millennium. The necessity to feed on the dead of her
own tribe and then on other humans, combined with her
waking frenzy in Baltimore, have set her farther apart from
mortals. However, she still considers herself a defender of
mortals — much as she was in life — and characters who
become too wild in their feedings may eventually have to
answer to her. She is especially ruthless in her defense of
women.

Since waking, Inyanga has found the Camarilla to be
much more pervasive than it was at the time of her battle.
Though she dislikes the whole premise of this European-
based organization, she is one of the main supporters of the
Masquerade in Chicago and will go to any lengths to enforce
it. She does this more out of pity for the mortals than fear for
her own existence.

Inyanga retains a number of unique abilities stemming
from her days as tribal protector. Probably the most impor-
tant to her is her leopard form. This is not a function of her
Protean Discipline, and while in this form she can use all her
other Disciplines and Abilities. However, it takes an entire
day of physical and mental preparation to make the transfor-
mation, and the required herbs are extremely rare. Other
abilities from her past include a heightened form of Auspex
that includes precognition, and an ability to communicate
with the dead.

Sire: The Egyptian

Nature: Cavalier

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 483 (born 440)

Apparent Age: Middle 40s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 5, Wits 7

Talents: Alertness 7, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 2

Skills: Animal Ken 6, Herbalism 6, Melee 2, Stealth 5,
Survival 6

Knowledges: Linguistics 5, Medicine 5, Occult 7

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 6, Dominate 2, For-
titude 4, Necromancy 2, Protean 6

Backgrounds: Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Chapter Four: The Kindred 85


Humanity: 7
Willpower: 9

Notes: Leopard Form — all Physical Attributes rise to
7. This form grants a Celerity of 3. Inyanga may use all
Disciplines except Protean while in this form, and the leop-
ard claws act as Protean Wolf's Claws. Inyanga must spend
several hours preparing for this change. She could teach
anyone to transform (though the proper preparation, herbs
and totems are always needed), but the feat would take years
to learn.

Inyanga's sixth level of Protean allows her to excrete an
adhesive that sticks to anything it touches (effective Strength
8). The adhesive can be exuded from any part of her body she
desires.

Her extra level of Auspex allows her limited precogni-
tive powers, and her Necromancy Discipline enables her to
summon the spirits of the dead.

Image: When in human form, as she usually is, Inyanga
looks like a middle-aged woman with extremely dark and
wrinkled skin. She wears her hair high on her head and
generally wears loose dresses with a smattering of ancient,
handcrafted jewelry. She nearly always goes barefoot, even in
winter.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak with conviction and deter-
mination about almost anything. Look at people for a long
time before speaking, and speak softly, slowly and deliber-
ately.

Haven: She has no haven, preferring to sleep in the
earth of Chicago's various parks. She especially likes
Graceland.

Secrets: A-

Influence: She has no influence among the mortal
political powers, nor does she desire any. However, she does
maintain contact with a number of Gypsy families who use
Chicago as their hub of operations (indeed, a number of
families live in Chicago full-time). She also has ties to the
city's Garou, and was instrumental in arranging the truce that
ended their attacks.

Doyle Fincher
("Sledgehammer Doyle")

Because of his job, Doyle had thousands of lovers during
his life — and he murdered every one of themas painlessly as
he could. In the slaughterhouses of the 1880s where he
labored, noone associated with him, buthe never cared. Each
and every steer that came to him was his intimate friend, and
Doyle took the greatest care to swing his sledgehammer with
love and compassion, striking each one once, square and true,
killing it instantly. The moment of death brought living
creatures together as nothing else could. This was not a job
for him — he was a high priest officiating over a ritual of
profound depth.

Inyanga first noticed Doyle one night when she over-
heard him whispering to the cattle that were to be slaughtered
on the coming day. She was struck by his heartfelt sincerity
ashe told the steers of his love for them and his promise, made
with all his heart and soul, to make their deaths painless and
matters for rejoicing, not fear. Over the next month, she
watched him in awe as he expressed his love for each and
every beast that came before him and then brought the
hammer down on their heads with all his might. Here, she
decided, was a man truly worth saving, a mortal who still had
an understanding of death and a compassion for the animal
spirits.

One night she appeared before him and offered him
death. Each night for the next seven nights he met with the
ancient vampiress and followed heras she hunted. He saw the
beauty in what she did. Finally, he took his sledgehammer to
his own head, and once he was dead she sank her teeth into
his neck with the greatest love and care, draining all of his
blood. She slit open her nipple and poured a single drop of
vite into his mouth. Doyle awoke and drank deeply.

The glory of death, without the need for the soulless
hammer, was almost more than Doyle could bear. The
passion he felt when he took his first victim — one of his
beloved steers — was overwhelming. He felt their souls join
in a moment of pure ecstasy. In this manner he has enjoyed
the past century. He still feeds primarily on animals from the
remaining stockyards, but occasionally allows a human to
experience the ultimate moment.

However, the moment must be joined with death, and
Doyle never lets his newfound friends live. He feeds mainly
on suicides he meets, but he claims human souls are too
cluttered for the transformation to be truly enjoyable.

Doyle controls what remains of the once-vast stock-
yards, still a precious supply of blood. Kindred too weak to
hunt for themselves often come to him for the blood they

86 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


need. Doyle always provides them with what they need, but
demands a price. The price is different for each vampire he
aids, but it is always a requirement for future behavior. For
example, the Kindred must promise not to feed upon mortals
with blond hair, or pledge to feed the lions in the zoo each
week for the next year, or swear to whisper certain compas-
sionate words of death to each mortal slain for the rest of the
vampire's existence. He always finds out when a promise has
been broken (though it may take years), and he will track
oathbreakers down and whisper the words of death to them
if he can. It is widely known how seriously he takes these
pledges.

During the strife of the mid-1980s, the stockyards served
asa place for injured vampires on both sides of the conflict to
rest and recover. Neither side completely trusted him, but
both found they needed him. During the Lupine attacks, the
stockyards provided the same kinds of security, but Doyle
demanded nothing from those he aided. There is a simple
reason for this.

In 1991, Doyle encountered Phillipe Rigaud (see Sabbat,
below). Phillipe told him about the Sabbat's studies of death,
and Doyle was fascinated. Phillipe brought in another mem-
ber of the sect to explain the Path of Death and the Soul, and
Doyle was hooked. A year after his first meeting with Phillipe,
Doyle went through the Creation Rites.

No one else in Chicago knows of Doyle's new allegiance,
and the only Sabbat with whom he has contact are Phillipe
and Wendy Wade, who make up his pack. He played no
active role during the Lupine attacks, merely providing
sanctuary for the injured as he always has. He has begun
reconnoitering for the Sabbat, and may well call in the many
boons he is due should the sect require.

Sire: Inyanga

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1889 (born 1854)

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Empathy 4

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Melee 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Butchering 4, Medicine 3, Sabbat Lore 1

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 2, Obtenebration 1, Potence 1, Protean 4

Backgrounds: Mentor 4, Status 2

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 4, Morale 4

Path of Death and the Soul: 4

Willpower: 9

Notes: Doyle's extra level of Animalism allows him to
live simultaneously as an animal he has possessed and as
himself. He generally uses this Discipline when he slays the
animal.

Image: A naturally skinny man with a highly developed
upper body and a sharp, thin face with brown hair. The left
side of his head is badly malformed from the sledgehammer
blow with which he killed himself. He carries the blood-
stained sledgehammer wherever he goes.

Roleplaying Hints: Look vague and distracted while
interacting with player characters. Talk about love and
beauty like a 1960s hippie, and then kill something. Some-
times you find it hard to speak; it is much easier for you to
show people how you feel or what you think rather than tell
them directly. This "show and tell" at times becomes quite
strange or even demented.

Haven: He sleeps in the ground at the abandoned
stockyards.

Secrets: B+

Influence: A number of the city's Licks owe him for the
help he has given them over the years.

Rosa Hernandez ("Rose")

Like many young children, Rosa Hernandez wanted to
help animals, and longed to become a veterinarian when she
grew up. Her veterinary ambitions died after she found out
what "putting to sleep" meant, but her desire to help animals
never did. When she attended the University of Chicago in
the early '70s, all her friends were involved in the peace
movement. However, Rosa's raison d'étre was the ethical
treatment of animals, and she was one of the most prominent
and active members of Chicago's budding animal rights
movement.

She came to Doyle Fincher's attention when she freed a
small herd of bulls which were to be slaughtered, and wildly
ran with them through the streets of the city. Feeling her love
of animals to be the same as his, Fincher petitioned Lodin for
permission to Embrace her. By the time this permission was
granted, Rosa had engaged in a number of raids on corporate
laboratories carrying out experiments on animals. Late one
night, drunk after a party, Rosa broke into the Lincoln Park
Zoo and freed a number of animals, including several lions.
Flushed with success and wine, Rosa was dancing in the park
when Fincher approached her in wolf form. He offered her
the chance to become one with animals. He meant she could
do this through the act of killing, but she thought he meant
by actually transforming into one.

She leapt at the chance and reveled in her new abilities.
However, she was disgusted by Doyle when he took her on
her first hunt. Horrified, she has never spoken to him again,
though they occasionally meet. Rose swore that she would
stop his evil ways, and also that she would use her abilities for
the benefit of animals. Both promises have become less

Chapter Four: The Kindred 87


importantas the years passed by, and Rose has come to accept
what she is. Still, she will not feed on animals and only feeds
on humans — generally science students and their professors.

She had begun making plans to contact the Garou when
they attacked the city. At first she hoped their attack would
cleanse the city, but then she discovered just how blood-
thirsty her new idols could be. Their violence and excess
revolted her, and the final straw came when they slew the few
friends she had among the undead.

She now looks on the Lupines with a new, far less
friendly attitude. She has come to see themas destroyers of all
life and unlife, and her studies of them are now directed
toward a new goal — their destruction. Should characters
come into conflict with werewolves, she might come to their

aid.

Sire: Doyle Fincher

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1974 (born 1953)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Drive 2, Security 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Lupine Lore 3, Politics 1, Science 3

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Pro-
tean 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Herd 4, Influence 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 8

Image: An attractive young Hispanic woman with dark
hair and aslim figure. Generally dresses in jeans, T-shirts and
sandals.

Roleplaying Hints: You are relaxed unless the subject of
hurting animals comes up. Then you speak in enraged, almost
frenzied tones.

Haven: Rose lives in a house near the University of
Chicago.

Secrets: C+

Influence: Her Allies and Herd are mortals involved in
the animal rights movement. Their trust in her is complete,
and they will follow her lead in almost anything as long as
they think it will save the lives of "innocent animals." She
has never employed them in battle against other Kindred, but
in time of need she could do so without a qualm. Most of her
Allies are well intentioned.

Malcolm

For details of this character, see Vampire.

The Wolf Pack

These Gangrel bikers are not actually from Chicago, but
make their home in the Quad-Cities area of southern Illinois.
They are some of the most unlikely archons to be found. Most
Kindred believe they serve not out of any great loyalty to the
Camarilla, but out of a desire to bust heads. They have
answered when the sect called, however, and will doso again.

The Wolf Pack suffered a great deal at the hands of the
Garou during the events of Under a Blood Red Moon. While
the Pack tried to establish neutrality, this went out the
window early on in the fighting, and a number of its members
met the Final Death. The rest are licking their wounds and
considering their next moves. They had close ties to Lodin,
but generally follow Inyanga's lead.

Tyrus

Tyrus was one of the first vampires Embraced in Britain's
American colonies. He was created in the wilderness of
Maryland in 1635 because of his essentially wild nature, and
has since roamed across the continent, making his home
wherever he pleased. He fell in love with motorcycles and the
freedom they represent shortly after the machines were
invented, and recently began making more Gangrel in order
to create his vision of the ideal biker gang. He is on the
extreme edge of sanity and is given to self-mutilation, using
cigarettes, safety pins or whatever else comes to hand. He
rarely heals himself fully after an episode of self-mutilation,
but retains the scars as trophies, demonstrating his strength
and courage.

Sire: Gareth

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1635 (born 1604)

88 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Apparent Age: Middle 20s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 6, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 6, Leadership 5, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 4, Repair 3, Security 2, Stealth 4, Survival
4

Knowledges: History 4, Linguistics 2

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 1, Celerity 3, Forti-
tude 4, Potence 1, Protean 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Fame 1, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 10

Image: Big, burly and quite bald — he looks like a real
terror, especially since he discovered the wonders of the punk
movement. Always dresses in biker leathers and wears a
horned helmet.

Roleplaying Hints: Threaten and bully. Use your In-
timidation freely.

Haven: On the road.

Secrets: B+

Influence: Tyrus' Contacts and Fame are among the
mortal biker gangs, who know him well. His Status among
the Kindred comes from his role as archon.

Anthius ("Dread")

Anthius was a Greek who emigrated to America shortly
after the Civil War. He became a trapper and made his home
near present-day Seattle — at the edge of a forest inhabited
by a Gangrel. Anthius could never understand why his

animals were always so sickly, until one night his mule began
making a fuss and Anthius arrived just in time to see a wolf
tun off into the woods.

The war of wits and tenacity that followed lasted for
almost a month, and was as hard-fought and obsessive as any
in literature. Finally, his opponent decided that Anthius was
worthy of the Embrace. Late one nighthe entered the Greek's
cabin in his human form, and began to speak to him of the
forest through the eyes of a wolf. By the time dawn arrived,
Anthius had been Embraced.

He stayed in Washington until World War II, when he
returned to Greece to help free his homeland from Nazi
occupation. After the war he joined the Greek communists,
who had been the most effective freedom fighters against the
German invaders, in their fight against British occupation
forces. The Soviet Union's refusal to help the communists led
to their eventual defeat, and Anthius returned to America.
On his way back to Washington he met Tyrus, and the two
have been companions ever since. Tyrus trusts and respects
Anthius like no one else, and Anthius has developed a great
fondness for the nomadic life and culture of bikers.

He was driven into torpor by the Lupines during their
attack, but has recently recovered and rejoined the Wolf
Pack. He isa little more tentative than he once was, and does
not leap into combat as readily as his companions do.

Sire: Keegan

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1872 (born 1845)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Chapter Four: The Kindred 89


Image: A tall, slim Greek man of about 28, with long,
straggling hair and an untrimmed beard. Dresses in leathers
but eschews a helmet for a pair of World War I aviator
goggles.

Roleplaying Hints: You never talk to anyone outside
the gang. When someone else addresses you directly, you are
more likely to stare silently at them than you are to respond.

Haven: Anthius spends most nights on the road but also
maintains a haven in a public library in Rock Island.

Secrets: B

Influence: Anthius keeps in touch with a huge number
of Midwestern motorcycle gangs, and even has the leader of
the Tri-State Hell's Angels enthralled via Dominate. In a
time of need he could call upon hundreds of bikers, who
would start to arrive in hours and could muster completely in
a matter of days. Even Tyrus doesn't have this much influ-
ence, and though Anthius has never used it, Illinois will
never be the same if he does. While he has his disagreements
with Tyrus, mainly over whether to help the anarchs or the
elders, there is no one the Wolf Pack members respect more
than Anthius.

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2 Randy Zelley ("Ramrod")

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 4, Firearms 4, Melee 3,
Repair 2, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Law 3, Linguistics 3, Lupine
Lore 2, Occult 3, Politics 4, Science 3

Randy Zelley was tearing up the racing circuit in the
1950s when an accident on his Harley left him badly torn up.
The doctors gave him no chance of walking, let alone riding,
ever again. Tyrus had been watching him for some time;

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 2, Dominate 1, For- unwilling to let this promising young biker lose the freedom
titude 2, Obfuscate 4, Protean 5 of riding, Tyrus approached him in the hospital and offered
Backgrounds: All he owns or wants is his bike. him release from pain and suffering. The next night, Randy,
nscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 5 taking the name Ramrod, rode the streets once more.
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 10

Inyanga (oth) Dietric © Tyras (7th) Anthius (th)

Doyle (7th) Malcolm (13th) Ramrod (th) Natalie (D)

Rose (8th)

90 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Ramrod survived the Lupine attack, but the damage he
took has left him hesitant and unsure of himself. He is now
less willing to risk combat, and has added two ghouls to the
Wolf Pack to serve as his bodyguards. Anthius suspects
Ramrod's problem, but has no evidence.

Sire: Tyrus

Nature: Poltroon

Demeanor: Jester

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1954 (born 1930)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3

Skills: Drive 5, Leadership 1, Repair 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Cinema 3

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 2, Fortitude 3, Pro-
tean 5

Backgrounds: Resources 2, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage 4

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 8

Image: A dashingly handsome young man — jet-black
hair, pale skin and piercing green eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: Brag, brag and then brag some more.

Haven: None.

Secrets: D

Influence: None.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 91


The Malkavians of Chicago have never failed to confuse
and befuddle the city's other Kindred, and now they have
done it again. Just when everyone believed they were safe in
assuming the Kooks were too mad to play a major role in the
city, three new ones show up to disprove that, and those who
survived the Lupine attack have evinced new interest in
politics as well.

There is still no Malkavian officially seated on the
primogen, but that may well change soon. Almost all the
members of this clan are both interested in such a position
and qualified to hold it. Still, clan enmity and its members'
natural nuttiness make it unlikely any one Malkavian could
representall those who inhabit the city. For now, they are the
city's biggest wild card — but then, isn't that always true of
Malkavians?

Maureen O0'Leary

Everything about Boston in the early 1800s terrified
Maureen as she grew up in the shadows of its Colonial
monuments. The looming buildings peered down on her as
she walked, the streets talked about her as she passed and the
strangers, oh the strangers, were all vile devils seeking to rip
her soul from her body. Even her rich family despised her and
shut her away in terrifying mental institutions created for the
sole purpose of tormenting her. Only death offered her a way
out, and she first tried to kill herself when she was 27.

Thirteen years and 15 attempts later, she believed she
had finally succeeded. It had required a leap from the steeple
of the old North Church, and as she collided with the earth
she could feel the cursed life fleeing her crippled shell. She
actually sensed Death approaching, and in those moments
she thought more clearly than she ever had before. There was
a sharp pain in her neck, and then blessed peace. Oblivion
welcomed her.

Suddenly she awoke to pain, searingpain. Asshescreamed
she heard a cruel laugh fading into the darkness. She was
found moments later by the rector, who summoned help. A
carriage rushed Maureen to a hospital; the doctors were
amazed to find her still alive, and were mystified by their
inability to finda heartbeat. Slowly she felt the thirst growing

When a nurse bent over to check her pulse, Maureen
sank her teeth into the matron's neck and drank. Within
seconds, she felt her body growing stronger and the paralysis
leaving her legs. She got out of bed and ran off into the night.

Maureen's constant hunger (see Notes), anda feud with
Lasker (her sire), forced her to leave her Boston home. She
has lived in Chicago longer than any other Malkavian, and
has long seen herself as the matriarch of an extended family.
She is still suicidal, however; indeed, with the aid of several
other Malkavians who all died in the flames, she set a fire in
1871 that she hoped would kill her.

Ironically, her haven, the infamous O'Leary's house, was
one of the few buildings in Chicago left standing. While few
mortals were killed, the fire wiped out most of the vampiric
power structure and gave Lodin his chance to seize power
from Maxwell. He used to joke about how much he owed
Maureen and always treated her with exaggerated respect,
even calling her "my queen."


Maureen's paranoia with respect to the Kindred has long
been legendary. She sees the Jyhad in everything, and has
often tried to limit the involvement of her brood and other
Malkavians in the intrigue of the city. Since the Lupine
attack, however, she appears to have changed.

Maureen has become extremely active in the social life
of the Kindred, often meeting with newcomers before anyone
else has the chance. It is almost a mark of acceptance to be
able to say one was surprised by a grandmother in a wheel-
chair. Some have even gone so far as to say she may be
jockeying foraseat on the primogen—oreven the princeship
itself.

Sire: Lasker

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1842 (born 1802)

Apparent Age: 60s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Brawl 4, Empathy 1, Leadership 2,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Music 2

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 4, Pres-
ence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 3, Retainers 2, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 2, Courage 1

Humanity: 2

Willpower: 8

Notes: Maureen is still crippled in her natural state, and
needs to expend three additional Blood Points every day just
to heal herself so she can walk. Needless to say, she is
constantly hunting.

Image: A sweet little old lady. Often, a sweet little old
lady ina wheelchair. She looks 20 years older than her actual
age at the time of her Embrace.

Roleplaying Hints: You make a definite effort to appear
sane. When you begin a conversation with someone, you are
clear, smart and witty. As the conversation continues, how-
ever, your Derangements begin to surface. You begin looking
over your shoulder and making paranoid statements. Your
speech becomes slurred and even your intelligible sentences
are made up of vague generalities. At this point, if the other
conversationalists make no effort to end the discussion, you
abruptly stop and wheel yourself away.

Haven: The Rehabilitation Institute.

Secrets: A

Influence: Her Herd is made up of mental patients who
have been locked away to be "healed" of their drug use. Her
control over the health care community is pervasive, which

is perhaps one of the reasons it is so troubled in this part of the
state.

Jason Newberry ("Son")

Jason Newberry got his start asa child, pulling the wings
off butterflies and burning ants with a magnifying glass. As he
got older, he obtained the greatest pleasure by tormenting
other children, and once put out another boy's eye with a
stick they were using to toast marshmallows. His concerned
and wealthy parents managed to keep him out of jail only by
sending him to the dank and dismal mental institutions of the
1890s, where he came to the attention of Maureen O'Leary.
She became fascinated by this psychotic, sadistic teenager.
He most excited her ona visit home, when he pulled the arms
and legs off his father and set fire to his mother. O'Leary was
unable to contain her passion at the sight and sprang upon.
him, Embracing him next to the smoldering body. The 18-
year-old's first feeding came courtesy of his dying parents.

Luckily for both O'Leary and Son, her fit of passion came
at the same time Lodin was wresting the fief of Chicago away
from Maxwell. By backing Lodin in his efforts to take over the
city, O'Leary was able to get his blessing for the creation of
her neonate.

Son, as he has preferred to be called for the past 120
years, has not changed much during that time. The only
difference is that he sometimes prefers mental cruelty to
physical torment — but not always. His preferred method of
hunting is to attract a pair of lovers to his Skokie haven using
his strong Presence, feed on them and convince one that he
orshe has been tumed intoa vampire. He will then force that
one to drink the blood of the other and then, satiated and
happy, use Dominate to render his victims forever unable to
speak about what happened. He has never fed on an animal,
and would only do so under the greatest duress.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 93


Son took the greatest care not to let his actions come to
the attention of the prince, since his games continually
threatened the Masquerade. Now that Lodin is dead, he may
well become more active. Additionally, he has contacts with
the Sabbat of other cities, and Phillipe Rigaud (see Sabbat,
below) has been subtly sounding him out for recruitment.

Son can be extremely charming, especially to other
Kindred. However, during the upheavals of the mid-'80s, Son
killed a Caitiff via diablerie. He enjoyed the experience even
more than feeding from his parents, and he desires to do it
again.

His chance came during the Lupine attack. While mak-
ing his own escape from the terror overwhelming the city, he
encountered Neon, Damien's Caitiff sidekick. He offered the
boy his protection, and Neon accepted. Son took the seven-
year-old to the cellar of his backup haven in Gary, where he
had the boy strip, "so the smell on the clothes won't attract
werewolves."

Son left with the clothes. When he returned, he had
used his Obfuscate to make himself look like a Lupine. He
charged down the stairs to the basement, and grabbed the
screaming Neon by the hair. He threw the boy to the floor
and shackled him with the chains kept there "for just such a
happy event."

Son then proceeded to chew off parts of the boy, spitting
them into the dust after sucking out the last drops of vite. He
continued his torment for several nights, forcing the boy to
drink from homeless people he killed in order to prolong the
agony as long as possible. Right before he finally destroyed
the boy, he dropped his Obfuscate. As Neon watched with his
one remaining eye, Son tore out the boy's heart and drank the
last of the blood.

Now back in Chicago, Son awaits his next opportunity
to feed on Kindred. Should Damien find out what happened,
Son may not have another chance.

Sire: O'Leary

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Child

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1893 (born 1877)

Apparent Age: 18

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 2, Intimidation 3, Subter-
fuge 1

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Medicine 2, Psychology 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 3, Pres-
ence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 2, Mentor 5, Re-
sources 4

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 0, Courage 0

Humanity: 0

Willpower: 6

Notes: This is an extremely sick individual and you must
be careful about how you employ him in your stories. The full
depth of his aberration has not yet been reached, though it is
likely that he will be put down long before he can ever reach
the full range of his plunge into depravity. On meeting him,
have the players make Humanity rolls (difficulty 9). The
more successes they roll, the more uncomfortable the charac-
ters feel around him. If they botch, they genuinely like him.

Image: Son appears to be a vaguely handsome 18-year-
old, though mortals (and some high-Humanity Cainites)
tend to be put off by him. He isa little under six feet tall, with
sandy blond hair. He dresses like a well-off preppie.

Roleplaying Hints: Start ingratiating yourself with char-
acters immediately upon meeting them. Praise and flatter
them almost constantly.

Haven: He currently makes his home in asmall house in
Skokie, but occasionally resides in a shelter for abused chil-
dren there.

Secrets: A-

Influence: Son has a number of Contacts, mainly mor-
tals he has abused in the past. He still retains some control
over them, and will sometimes use them to affect the political
affairs of the city. He especially likes to write notes to Ballard,
threatening to destroy or destabilize certain businesses or halt
construction on certain projects if Ballard does not perform
some inane task. At first Ballard refused, but the results were
so severe that now he reluctantly agrees. This blackmail
usually takes the form of very minor but embarrassing de-
mands for Ballard to perform certain actions. It started with
Son asking Ballard to puta picture of himself on Page Two of
a certain newspaper, but the latest instruction was to attend
aXXX movie in the Rack, wearing nothing but a raincoat and
wingtips. Ballard is outraged by this blackmail, and would pay
nearly any price to find the culprit.

Evan Klein
(Raymond Falcon & many others)

Raymond Falcon is a very skilled musician, just like his
father. Dirk MacGriff is a police officer, just like his father.
Bruce Holmes is gay, just like his father. Lawrence Pierce is
a doctor, just like his father. Baron Wittger is a vampire, just
like his father. And, yes, all these are the same person. Son fell
in love with the idea of a Cainite with multiple personalities
after finding Evan Klein (the original personality), who had
no less than 23 different people living in his head. Originally,
Klein had adopted these personalities to insulate himself
from the abuse he took as a child from his father.

Son became attracted to the pretty young man after
hearing him play one night in Grant Park. He struck up a
conversation with Raymond (Evan's personality de noir), and
later fed on him. At that point he was amazed when Dirk
MacGriff tried to arrest him for the attack. Son spent the rest

94 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


of the night exploring Raymond's "roommates" and, laugh-
ing quietly to himself, petitioned the prince for permission to
Embrace him. This was shortly after the destruction of the
anarchs in the late 60s; Lodin, flushed with victory, was more
than happy to grant the charming young Malkavian the right
to make a new vampire.

Since his Change, Raymond has added a large number of
new personalities to his arsenal. While characters are most
likely to meet him in his role as bass guitarist with Baby
Chorus, they can run into him almost anywhere, doing
almost anything. For instance, during the Lupine attack he
assumed the personality of a werewolf and went around
Lincoln Park, howling at the moon. The Garou left him
alone.

Sire: Son

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Varies

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1982 (born 1950)

Apparent Age: 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma V, Manipulation V, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 1

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Music 4, Repair 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 1, Finance 1,
Investigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 1, Politics 1,
Science 1

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 5, Pres-
ence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Fame 1

Virtues: Conscience V, Self-Control V, Courage V

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 8

=z

SS

Notes: Where Raymond has a V fora Trait, that means
it varies according to his current personality, and can be
anywhere from | to 5. Thus, he can turn from a charmless,
inhuman monster to the sweetest person you ever knew. He
carries a revolver for his Dirk MacGriff personality. A few of
his personalities are mentioned above; feel free to improvise
more if you feel the need.

Image: A very good-looking young man with red hair
and fair skin. Dress, hairstyle and makeup vary depending on
personality.

Roleplaying Hints: Change your personality at whim
and make each of them unique.

Haven: He has several different havens, again depend-
ing on personality.

Secrets: B+ to F, depending on personality.

Influence: Strangely enough, Raymond has made many
friends among the mortals — people who know him under
many different names and circumstances and whom he does
not Dominate in any way. These include businessmen, enter-
tainers, cops, truck drivers and others. Almost wherever
Raymond goes he meets these friends, and as soon as he sees
them he changes personality to match what they expect from
him. In short, he has more friends than any vampire has any
right to possess.

ee
The Trinity

And with his last life-giving beat,

she breathed a bitter sigh of victory

and swallowed the sob of grief.

-Kara Chappell, Untitled

Corbin and Bronwyn lived together for most of their
mortal lives, and grew as close as sisters following the death
of Bronwyn's parents. Their parents had co-owned the inn
where Bronwyn, Corbin and Mr. McDonough (Corbin's
father) resided. The girls spent almost every waking moment
together. In spite of their friendship, and the pleasure they
took from each other's company, they were as different as
night and day.

Mr. McDonough was a successful landowner, butasmall
Scottish village in 1454 was definitely not Corbin's idea of
the high life. Scotland had a lot to offer, as Corbin could tell
from the many travelers from Edinburgh; she had only to
acquire it. Bound and determined to learn about courtly life,
Corbin sought out the inn's nobler guests.

She ran errands for the ladies who stayed at the inn,
trying to gain their favor. Servants could and should have
handled these, but Corbin calculated that these women
would favor her with their time if she doted on them, and she
was right. Corbin spent many days in the rooms of these
noblewomen, listening to stories of love, deceit and chivalry
— everything that could turn a young girl's head, Corbin
learned about.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 95


She promised herself that one day she would be one of
these women. She became so practiced at questioning them
that she could steer a conversation in the direction she
wanted — generally a more delicate direction, for Corbin
wanted to learn the art of seduction.

She knew she was pretty. The male guests had been
looking at her for years. She knew that this was the first step
in gaining their affection. That was why the women wore all
of those trinkets that she had been collecting for years. She
tried to look her best at all times, and carried herself the way
she saw women of title carry themselves. She learned about
acting coy from women who practiced it best, and discovered
how alluring a shy glance could actually be. She began to
practice this acting daily.

While Corbin was learning these things, Bronwyn merely
watched from the sidelines. She thought Corbin was a riot,
acting high-born in her scullery dress. But Bronwyn loved her
best friend dearly, and tolerated her outrageous behavior.
Bronwyn knew that she herself was not high-born, rich or a
dazzling seductress; she was a beautiful young woman, though
not in Corbin's flashier way, and was satisfied with her life.

One afternoon, when the girls were 15, Bronwyn saw a
group of riders approaching the inn on the road from Ayr. She
hid, peering out at the company. Leading the group was the
most enchanting man she had ever seen in her life. His
golden-brown hair shone with the light of the afternoon sun,
making him appear almost godlike. Fascinated by a man for
the first time in her life, she grew quietly exhilarated by the
discovery that he had stopped at the inn.

As Bronwyn began making preparations for the evening
meal, Corbin rushed in, wearing one of her finest dresses and
as many trinkets as she could. She informed Bronwyn that she
had been invited by Sir Edward Warren to join him and his
men for dinner, and would not be able tohelp serve. Bronwyn
accepted this news as calmly as she could, and continued to
prepare for dinner.

Later, when everyone was through dining, Sir Warren
asked Bronwyn to join them. Corbin's look told her not to
and, normally, Bronwyn would have recoiled from Corbin's
wrath. This time, however, it was as if she could not say no.
Sir Edward rose, asked one of his men to move down, and
placed Bronwyn at his right. Corbin, on Sir Edward's left,
quietly seethed.

Corbin relaxed as the conversation continued. She
excitedly discussed gossip she had heard from traveling
ladies. Unfortunately, Sir Edward and his men had seen and
heard quite enough catty gossip, and her conversation put a
damper on an otherwise enjoyable evening. When Sir War-
ren asked Bronwyn questions about herself, she replied in
reserved, tranquil tones that fascinated the man even more.

Sir Warren and his men stayed on the next day, claiming
continued fatigue from their long journey. The extra day
stretched into weeks. Bronwyn continued to do the things
she had always done, not wanting to appear smitten by this

man. In her mind, changing her daily activities around him
would be a wonderful example of poor etiquette — one
Corbin was shamelessly displaying.

Indeed, Corbin went out of her way to be around Sir
Edward, having learned he was the younger brother of the
bairn of the Warren clan, and therefore its second most
important member. She saw both money and power in her
future, and decided it was time to make her move.

Nightly the two girls dined with Sir Warren andhismen,
and spent their days apart. The mere idea of Bronwyn
capturing any of the lord's attention infuriated Corbin to
levels even she did not understand. Knowing a display of this
anger could alienate Sir Warren, she kept it buried well, and
pretended to be in high spirits. The only one who detected
any change in Corbin's behavior was Bronwyn, and even she
could only see glimpses of the rage rolling under Corbin's
skin.

Finally, Sir Edward asked for Bronwyn's hand. Mr.
McDonough approved immediately, and Bronwyn accepted,
overjoyed and unable to believe she had been picked over
Corbin. She had always been somewhat in awe of Corbin, but
now she bubbled over with happiness.

Corbin felt sick to her stomach. Everything she wanted
had passed through her fingers — and to someone as bland
and dull as Bronwyn! Their friendship, already dissolving,
broke under the strain. Corbin was smart enough not to let it
show. Offering the engaged couple congratulations, she rose,
saying that she would be glad to get out the bottles of vintage
wine that her father had been saving for an occasion such as
this.

On the way to the cellar where the wine was kept, her
mind was furiously at work, trying to fashion some way of
becoming Sir Edward's bride. Placing her hand around the
neck of the bottle, a thought so startling came to mind that
she almost dropped the bottle. What she could do was so
simple, it was almost frightening.

Carrying the bottles back to the kitchen, she could hear
them making plans in the dining room. They were to leave on
the morrow for Castle Warren, where they would announce
the plans for the wedding. Corbin poured the wine into fine
glasses, separating the couple's from the rest. In the goblet
that was to be Bronwyn's, she placed quite a bit of laudanum,
purchased on a lark from foreign traders. In Sir Edward's she
placed just enough to make him incoherent.

She returned to the dining area with the tray of drinks,
talking about how happy she was for the couple, and could
she make the first toast for them to drink? She offered hope
that the couple would live long and prosperous lives, and that
they would have every happiness that life could possibly give
them. And so the toasting began.

After a few more drinks, Corbin retired, claiming ex-
haustion from such an exciting evening. She went upstairs
and sneaked into Sir Edward's room. She waited for him in
the giant armoire her father had been so considerate to put
there for the guests. About an hour later, she heard someone

% Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


joking about Bronwyn becoming tipsy from the festivities. Sir
Edward said he too was feeling the effects of the wine he had
drunk, and bid his friends goodnight.

Corbin waited until she heard the first of his snores and
then sneaked out of her hiding place. She quietly walked over
to the bed, and with a gentle voice she had been mimicking
for years, spoke to him. She told him that she was excited
about their wedding, and had been unable to return to sleep.
She wanted to spend some time with her husband-to-be —
alone. He protested, saying that it would not be proper, but
she hushed him easily with a kiss.

She continued on, and on. After mere moments of such
sweet ecstasy he was unable to control himself, and took her
virginity before he even realized he had done so. Shortly
thereafter he passed out, while Corbin slept with a smile of
contentment on her face.

The next morning, when Corbin's father came to wake
Sir Edward, he discovered his daughter in bed with him. The
ensuing uproar woke everyone in the inn, including Bronwyn.
She went to the source of the noise, and gasped at what she
saw. Sir Edward saw her as tears streamed down her face. As
he reached out for her, he and everyone around saw the blood
on the bed.

Inarage, Corbin's father said that the only wedding that
would take place would be between his daughter and Sir
Edward, and that it would take place that very afternoon.
Corbin smiled sweetly at Bronwyn. Bronwyn looked at the
both of them once more, and decreed that if there were truly
a God, he would curse their lives so completely that both
would wish they had never been born. With that, she turned
and fled the inn, never to be seen again.

The wedding took place as demanded and the band of
travelers left the inn. Corbin could hardly contain her
excitement, though it seemed as though no one wanted to
talk to her, and she could not understand why. What was the
big deal? After all, a bride was a bride.

She was taken to the castle, introduced to everyone,
given her own suite of rooms, all the clothes and jewels she
could possibly want, and left to entertain herself. She took
her place by her husband's side during social functions and
when it was appropriate, but that was all. He never came to
her bed.

Bronwyn's Tale

Meanwhile, Bronwyn wandered into the Highlands,
half mad with pain and hunger. She spent hours at a time
crying and talking to herself. She spent even more time
cursing Corbin's very existence. One night she heard a noise
in the brush. Not afraid of animals, and knowing better than
to run, she sat silently, waiting.

After a while, she again began to cry. She sat there with
her head down, sobbing, when she heard a slow, calm voice.
It told her that she need not cry any longer, for it could take
all of her pain and sorrow away. A man sat down next to her,
and introduced himself as Bryan.

He told her he had seen her every night for the last few
days, and asked her why she cried so often and so hard. She
told him her story; after she had finished, he offered her his
hospitality, smiling slightly. For the next week his servant fed
and clothed her, but she did not see him again until seven
days later, when he appeared right before she went to sleep.

He told her that after all of her pain and suffering, she
deserved some sort of compensation. He could give her all
that and more, and all she had to do was accept the gift he
offered her. He told her of undeath and all of its benefits, and
praised his peaceful existence. Moved by his words, and the
idea of tranquillity, she accepted at once.

Bronwyn and Bryan spent almost five years in the
Highlands. They fed together, making a game of finding the
most undesirable wretches around, and competed in their
hunt. They were perfect companions for each other, and
reveled in each other's company.

Many nights they discussed the temptation of revenge.
Bronwyn was sure Corbin was living exactly the life she
desired, and it bothered her endlessly. The temptress did not
deserve to be happy with the man she had stolen. With every
passing day, the idea of revenge bloomed larger and larger.
Finally Bronwyn told her sire that she must leave. She would
return soon, but the time for reckoning had come.

She took a room near Castle Warren, and hired a
seamstress to create the most exquisite gown for her. Then
she sent a messenger to the castle to tell its inhabitants she
would be visiting them the next night, and prepared for her
triumph.

Upon arriving at the castle, Bronwyn's first thought was
of how it should have been hers. The second thought was that
no matter what was said or done, Corbin was going to pay —
a thought reinforced when she saw her old friend sitting next
to Edward.

Chapter Four: The Kindred


She smiled when she saw how the members of the court
ignored Corbin. She smiled even more when she saw the
amount of weight Corbin had gained. Corbin thought
Bronwyn was smiling so widely out of joy at seeing her again.
She did not realize that Bronwyn had changed so much.

Bronwyn exchanged pleasantries with the couple, and
told them she was traveling to London to be with her
betrothed. The slightest wince crossed Edward's face; one
that both of the women saw. Bronwyn delighted in the
knowledge that Edward still loved her, but kept the joy well
hidden. Corbin did not react either, showing only the barest
glimpse of jealousy before masking it. They talked for a short
while before Corbin began indicating her boredom, and
Bronwyn returned to the inn.

The next night she prepared herself, looking even more
alluring than she had the night before. She arrived at the
expected time, and the evening progressed smoothly. Corbin
tried to make comments that would put Bronwyn on her
guard and ruin her evening. In turn, Bronwyn casually
remarked that the couple had been married for five years with
no hint of children. Was there the chance that Corbin could
not have children? Bronwyn accompanied her words with
the sweetest of smiles.

The smile became less sweet when Edward came over to
her chair to escort her to the dining room. When she stood
up, she took hold of Edward with a strength that surprised
him. She told Corbin that she had waited a long time for this
moment, and she was going to enjoy it. She looked at Edward
witha look of love sostrong that it shocked him. She told him
that she had forgiven him for the mistake he had made, and
that she had always wanted the best for him.

She then proceeded to kiss him thoroughly and passion-
ately. He looked happier in that moment than he had since
the day before his wedding. Bronwyn stopped, looked him in
the eyes again, and said she was sorry. She told Corbin and
that she was going to take him back now, and she hoped
Corbin was woman enough to deal with it. She bit deeply into
Edward's neck, and drank from the man she had loved more
than life. She drank until she thought she could drink no
more, and continued to drink even after that. Then she set
him down as gently as she could.

Corbin had not moved or madea sound during the entire
episode. She continued to stare at Bronwyn even after
Edward's body rested on the floor. Then Bronwyn told her
that it was not enough to have taken Corbin's trophy from
her. She knew the family would let her stay at the castle and
keep her position. That was the last thing Bronwyn was going
to allow to happen.

She looked Corbin in the eye and told her she deserved
what was going to happen to her more than anyone Bronwyn
ever hoped to know. She then gripped Corbin and drank her
blood until she felt the spark of life leave the body. She gave
Corbin just enough of her own blood to Change her, and
dropped her on the floor next to her dead husband. She
looked at Edward's corpse and felt a huge stab of grief for the

man she had loved. She looked at Corbin, so close to death's
door. She thought of Corbin's awakening and the anguish she
would suffer, and smiled. With that, she went off into the
night.

Bronwyn returned to Bryan, and told him all that had
occurred at the castle. She then told him she had to leave
Scotland. She wanted to experience new and exciting things.
Most of all, she wanted to find happiness in another land —
happiness that had eluded her at home.

Bryan looked at her sadly; his eyes were so full of remorse
and sorrow that she knew what he was going to say before he
opened his mouth. He could not leave his home, he said; he
did not think he could survive anywhere else. Bronwyn left
with a heavy heart.

She spent several centuries in England and Europe,
discovering Kindred politics and rapidly acquiring a distaste
for them. She helped the Lancaster forces during the War of
the Roses, but left for France shortly after their victory. She
regularly socialized with nobility. It amused her to think she
was now living the life that Corbin had always wanted, and
she was doing it without having to succumb to the will of
some man.

Bronwyn became increasingly aware of the tension
building among the Kindred and kine of Europe in the 18th
century. She returned to Scotland and convinced Bryan to
travel to America with her. He did, but returned to Scotland
in the late 19th century, and Bronwyn traveled on her own
for another 100 years before deciding to settle in Chicago.

She found the city exciting and fascinating. Its mortals
were busy and energetic, and its Kindred were complex and
stimulating. She decided to be as discreet as possible, and to
watch the city grow. On the advice of a friend in Los Angeles,
she secretly met with the prince and got his permission to
settle in the city. She helped Ballard in his final efforts to
destroy Gary's steel industry, and Lodin agreed to keep her
presence a secret.

In 1972 she established the Blue Velvet with the aid of
aghoul supplied by her friend on the West Coast. She wanted
eventually to befriend all the undead in the city, but she also
wanted to remain anonymous until she was sure that she
would be accepted in the manner to which she had become
accustomed. She knew that she could not just pop up and
command respect. Lodin's death and the city's subsequent
upheaval have led her to believe that now may be the time to
appear, for there are fewer to compete with her. Her desire to
emerge has been heightened by the sudden reappearance of
her sire immediately after the Lupine attack.

Sire: Bryan

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1452 (born 1437)

Apparent Age: Late teens

98 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Finance 3, Linguistics 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 5, Dominate 3, For-
titude 1, Obfuscate 4, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Mentor 3, Re-
sources 5, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 8

Notes: Bronwyn's Derangement manifests as an intense
suspicion of those who try to become close to her. The more
friendly someone is, the less she trusts him. There have been
a few exceptions to this, but not many. Second, she becomes
extremely fixated on someone she believes has wronged her,
and goes to any extreme for revenge. Basically, she has the
typical vampiric paranoia, but taken to an extreme. She has
an especial distrust of females.

Image: Bronwyn hasa small build and weighs about 115
pounds. She is 5' 7" and has dark-brown, waist-length hair.

Roleplaying Hints: You want to make friends with
everyone, but are wary of everyone as well. You have a
tendency to distrust women, but allow them the opportunity
to prove themselves.

Haven: Bronwyn hasa house on the west side of the city;
though she rarely stays there, she keeps most of her valuables
therein. She has an apartment below the Blue Velvet, though
only she and Ian know of its existence.

Secrets: B+

Influence: Bronwyn has kept a very low profile in
Chicago —so low that she and Corbin have not encountered
one another. Still, many Kindred like her club and would
enjoy meeting her. She also has large sums of money invested
around the world, but does not know how to use her wealth
to best effect.

Corbin's Tale

When Corbin awoke, she noticed the court standing
around her, staring at heras if they could not believe she were
still alive. The second thing she noticed was how very weak
she felt. She waved everyone away, allowing only the old
healer to stay. Corbin demanded the old woman feed her, but
the healer told her that a weak broth was all Corbin should
eat.

Corbin cursed the old woman, saying she wanted blood
pudding and she wanted it now. The healer fetched it
immediately. Corbin started to eat, but then tossed every-
thing out of the bowl and drank the blood as the healer stared
in horror. The color came back to Corbin's face, and she
called for another bowl. This bowl, however, was to contain

only the blood. The healer hurried to fulfill her wishes,
meanwhile warning away everyone else in the castle. Corbin
drank the second bowl; only then did she recover enough
strength to see her husband's body. She looked at the corpse
and promised herself that one day Bronwyn would pay.

Corbin did not fully understand what had happened to
her, and knew only that she craved more blood. She began to
walk to the kitchen, and saw one of the servants' children
playing under the stairs. Corbin had always regretted the fact
that she had not been able to secure her position at the castle
by giving Edward children. She called the child over to her.
When she bent down to hug the child, an irresistible urge to
bite him overcame her, and that is exactly what she did.

Feeling immediately better, she placed the body under
the stairs, and continued on. She passed another child, and
snatched him up immediately, hiding the body in a storage
room. Returning to her room, she found the healer still there,
mystified by Corbin's rapid recovery. When she inquired,
Corbin ordered her out of her room. She lay down to think
and slept as the sun rose

She awoke the nextevening toa tumultuous uproar. The
healer stood in her room, warning everyone away. She told
Corbin that she knew what type of illness had overtaken her,
and that the only cure was death. Corbin laughed at her and
said that she had never felt better. Perhaps, she continued,
the person who had to die was the healer herself, so that she
could not spread any more of her lies. With that, she attacked
the healer. The crowd at her door shrank back in horror as she
tore out the old woman's throat. Then Corbin commanded
them to stand back, and she left the castle.

Unsure of what to do next, and completely disoriented,
she spent years in the Scottish Highlands, attacking travelers
and stealing their belongings. She amassed a great deal of
wealth, occasionally visiting Edinburgh to invest it and gaze
upon the life denied her.

By the 20th century she had learned quite a bit about
business and finance, acquiring tips from the men she used.
She developed a passion for stockbrokers, for their blood was
so much thicker than that of the average businessman. She
learned financiers' little secrets, and had great fun persuading
men to try to accumulate more and more.

Over the centuries, she convinced several wealthy men
of her unfailing love, got them to marry her, had them leave
everything to her in their wills, and then dispensed with
them. Only threats from other Kindred forced her to move
on. When she did so, she picked up a map, closed her eyes,
and pointed to the place she would next visit — Chicago.

She bought a mansion in north Chicago, and decorated
it in the most expensive way she knew how. She became a
part of all the happenings in town. She quickly made friends
with the better Kindred, and within a year had become an
integral part of the city.

Sire: Bronwyn

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Judge

Chapter Four: The Kindred 99


Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1457 (born 1437)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Music 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 4, Investigation 1,
Linguistics 1, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 5, Obfuscate 2, Po-
tence 2, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Herd 2, Resources 5, Retain-
ers 3, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: |

Willpower: 7

Notes: Corbin's dementia manifests in extreme fixa-
tions. If something (or someone) strikes her interest, she will
spare no effort to acquire it.

Image: She is 5°4", 130 lbs., and extremely flamboyant
in makeup and dress. She has very thin, very fine, pale-blond
hair that she wears about shoulder length. Her eyes are a
murky brown. Most men find her attractive in a cheap sort of
way.

Roleplaying Hints: You care about one thing — your-
self. You will do or say anything to get what you want, and do
not care who gets hurt along the way.

Haven: A mansion in north Chicago.

Secrets: B

Influence: Corbin has investments all over the world,
but has yet to play much of a role in Chicago's financial
community. She has been happily welcomed into the Kin-
dred society of Chicago, and most vampires listen to her, for
she seems to be the sanest Malkavian they have met. She has
begun eyeing a seat on the primogen.

Bryan's Tale

Bandits slew Bryan's wife and children as he stood by
helplessly. Then they tumed on him. Bryan was barely alive
when the old woman appeared before him, explaining what
she had done and what he could expect during the rest of his
existence. Then she took off into the wilds.

Bryan quickly became used to his new existence. The
first time the hunger got really bad, he enlisted the aid of his
family's caretaker, hunted down the men who had slain his
family, and fed on their sweet blood. The caretaker contin-
ued serving Bryan, as have his children and his children's
children.

Bryan was a simple vampire. He reveled in the sheer joy
of existence. He spent many decades walking in the nearby
forests, painted, and lived solitary life — extremely solitary,
for Bryan discovered he could not abide any companionship.

During one of his nightly walks, he heard what sounded
like a young girl sobbing bitterly along the banks of a river he
loved to visit. He listened to her for a while, but did nothing.
The next night he returned to the riverbank, and she wasstill
there. She was silent now, but was staring out across the river
as if she had absolutely no one in the world. She still talked
to herself, albeit somewhat more coherently than she had the
hight before:

This continued for several nights before Bryan felt a
change come over him, and he began to listen even more
intently. He approached her as quietly as he could. As soon
as he was close, he began speaking ina voice that he generally
reserved for wild animals. She calmed down the more he
talked to her. It occurred to him that someone who had
suffered so much might well benefit from the Embrace.

Before Bronwyn, he had not realized how lonely he had
become. She broughta freshness to his existence that had not
been there in years. Then, five years after her Embrace, she
announced that it was time for her to exact her revenge. He
unhappily bid her adieu, but she returned less than one week
later. She had gotten her revenge, and wanted to leave
Scotland. It broke her heart when he had totell her that there
was no possible way he could go. He had never left home, and
did not want to.

His unlife settled into the routine that it had been
before. It did seem to be less of an unlife than it had been, but

100 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


hestill didnot want to leave. Several hundred years passed for
him in this manner, and he took every night in stride. Then
Bronwyn reappeared. Bryan had not seen the sun in years, but
her reappearance reminded him of everything he had been
missing. When she again asked him to travel with her, he
accepted.

They traveled to America. Bryan was astonished at the
size and bustle of their new home. Bronwyn said it was called
New York City. He loved it, but was horrified to find it under
the control of a horrid group of vampires called the Sabbat.

The two left New York and traveled all over the conti-
nent. He thought he had found happiness in the Florida Keys,
where he felt more at home than he had since he had left
Scotland. The peace that filled his soul was stronger than
anything he had ever experienced. The warm weather and
moonlit ocean enthralled him for years, but as the days
passed, he began to miss his homeland even more than he had
before.

He returned to Scotland, and although he missed
Bronwyn, he knew that this was what he needed after such a
journey. He stayed there for years before the wanderlust hit
him again. There was still an entire world that he had not
seen, and he left within three days of making this decision. He
did not return home for almost 15 years, and when he did
there were countless letters from Bronwyn wanting to know
why he had not contacted her in so very long. Hedidnot reply
to any of these letters, but caught the next plane to Chicago.

When he arrived in Chicago, he sought out the return
address on the letters. It was a nightclub called the Blue
Velvet. Bryan could not believe that this was the correct
address, and went to the door to ask the man there about her.

The man simply looked athimand told him he had absolutely
no idea what Bryan was talking about. Bewildered, Bryan told
the man that he had traveled from Scotland to see Bronwyn,
and told the man that he was staying at the Four Seasons. The
man shrugged and Bryan walked away.

At a loss for what to do, he decided to spend the
remainder of his evening looking at American art. At the
museum, he noticed others like himself. Amazed, he talked
to several of them, and found out that the Blue Velvet was a
Kindred favorite.

Suddenly he heard a loud and screechingly obnoxious
voice on the other side of the room. He turned to see a young
blond woman, entourage of admirers in tow, walking through
the museum. He heard one of them call out her name —
Corbin.

He raced back to his room, where he found a message
from Bronwyn, anda telephone number. He phoned her and
explained why he had come to town. He told her that he truly
wanted to see her the next evening. She explained that Jan
was her lookout, and tomorrow evening when he arrived, he
would be shown directly to her. He hung up and retired to his
bed in eager anticipation.

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Cavalier

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1424 (born 1389)

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 2

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Music 1,
Painting 4, Repair 1, Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 5, Occult 2

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 5, Celerity 2, Domi-
nate 4, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 6

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 3, Retainers 2, Status 2

Virtues: (manic phase/depressive phase) Conscience 1,
Self-Control 1/3, Courage 4/2

Humanity: 2

Willpower: 8

Notes: Bryan suffers from extreme bouts of manic-
depression. For years he will be ona perpetual high, constantly
active and excited. Then, for an even longer period of time,
he will despise all company. Only Bronwyn has been able to
pierce his gloom, but even she has not been able to keep him
happy for long.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 101


Image: He is tall, about 6' 2", and lean. He has curly, _ friendly and threatening. After all, you don't want people to
shoulder-length hair and usually dresses tastefully but casu- _dislike you, but you do want them to leave you alone.
ally. He hasa very deep voice, which attracts attention unless Haven: The Blue Velvet.
he tries to be quiet. Secrets: D

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet, but when someone
engages you in conversation, you do your best to appear both

Influence: None

Bryan (7th)

Brottwym (8th) O'Leawy lee :
| 4 |
Corbin (9th) ie (8th) Paula Smith ©) Ben Smith (©)

I 1
Lateland (©) Raymond Falcon (9th)

102 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


The Nosferatu was once the most unified clan in Chi-
cago, but no more. Many of its members were destroyed in the
Lupine attack, and the remainder have few common inter-
ests. Khalid, who used to serve as their leader and who had
earned the trust of all the Sewer Rats, can no longer bring
them together. Indeed, he suspects that there are far more
Nosferatu in the city then even he knows.

Khalid

Khalid al-Rashid was one of the few Moslem leaders who
deserved the bloody-handed reputation that the Crusaders
tried to pin on all Arabs. His appetite for atrocity was rivaled
by few, even in an age of cruel men who slew and tortured in
the name of their gods. Indeed, it was just this appetite that
first drew the attention of a few Cainites to Khalid. The
Crusades, held before the Inquisition and the imposition of
the Masquerade, brought many Kindred to the Holy Land.
Battles always leave harvests for those who feed upon blood.

Aside from those who came for the bloody feast, some
Kindred were ideologically committed to one side or the
other. Among these was Alexius, a Byzantine Nosferatu —
and former prelate of the Eastern Orthodox Church — who
believed the only way to free the Holy Land was to corrupt the
Islamic leaders just as he had been corrupted. Khalid was his
first victim.

Khalid went berserk upon discovering what he had
become. The first victims of his rage were his own men, who
came to his tent to see what was wrong. Khalid fled into the
desert, where he would have died but for the intervention of
a reclusive Jewish hermit, who dragged Khalid's body away
from the sun's killing rays and into the cool darkness of his
cave. Khalid stayed there fora month, feeding on the hermit's
sheep and studying the Kabbala, an ancient form of Jewish
mysticism. When Khalid was ready to leave this sanctuary he
had been transformed, and went forth to make whatever
peace he could with the world.

He began his quest by visiting various Islamic mystical
sects, where he found others of his kind who told him of a
state known as Golconda. For six centuries Khalid wandered

the world, looking for a path to peace. However, every time
he came close to Golconda, the vicious side of his personality,
heightened by his vampiric Beast, sent him spiraling down in
a frenzy of violence and despair.

He arrived in Chicago shortly after the Great Fire of
1871, searching for an Inconnu who was said to have shown
other Cainites ("those of flame and fury") the path to
Golconda. While he never found this Inconnu, he did find
himself involved in the city's turbulent political scene, and
chose to back Lodin after learning of Maxwell's violent
nature. Since then, his support for Lodin has lessened, and it
was his vote in the primogen that led the group to try to
overthrow the prince in the mid-'80s.

The flood of his underground kingdom came as a shock
to him. Like many Nosferatu, Khalid had established a
civilization under the streets of Chicago, populated by the
outcasts and unfortunate. The flood killed many of them.
Khalid survived it easily, but has no idea what really caused
it.

Ir did cause him to reevaluate his position in the city,
however, and he has become more active. While he used to
hide his presence, most Kindred now know who he is. He was
one of the few Cainites to play an active role in defending the
city when the Lupines came, and he killed a number of them.
The destruction left him extremely dissatisfied, and he is
afraid he may well have done his soul irreparable harm. Now
he casts about for a way to redeem himself.

Indeed, Khalid has recently become less interested in
the Machiavellian maneuverings in the city, and has begun
to think about seeking Golconda in some more tranquil place
— an act which would throw the delicate balance of the
primogen into chaos. It is unlikely that he will leave in the
near future, though, for he is fascinated by the war between
the two Methuselahs. He understands that in some small way
he holds the wild card in this game, and that when the time
isright he might be able to influence its result. Thus he waits,
and tries to learn more of what is going on.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 103


He can no longer feed on animals, but still tries to limit
his hunting among humans. He is a Cunctator, and takes no
more than one or two Blood Points from any one vessel. He
usually confines his drinking to the city's down-and-out,
making him particularly susceptible to diseases.

Morality is very important to Khalid, but it does not
come naturally to him. His rage continually bubbles to the
surface and drives him to commit actions he later regrets.
Over the centuries, he has desperately tried to gain control of
his violent emotions, but has never succeeded.

Sire: Alexius

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1191 (born 1149)

Apparent Age: Can't tell

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 6, Dodge 5, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 5, Streetwise 6, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Firearms 4, Melee 7, Stealth 7, Survival 4

Knowledges: Linguistics 5, Occult 3, Politics 2, Theol-
ogy 2

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 7, Potence 4, Thaumaturgy 2 (Spirit
Thaumaturgy 1)

Backgrounds: Retainers 3, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage 5

Humanity: 2

Willpower: 10

Notes: Khalid's two extra levels of Obfuscate allow him
to conceal non-living objects of great importance to him
(like his haven), and to continue his concealment of people,
places and things even when he is not present. If he believes
he is about to enter combat, he will carry his ancient sword
(does two more dice damage than a normal sword).

Image: Not only does he have the naturally horrific
appearance of the Nosferatu, but he has never healed the
scars he received from the sun on hisfirst day asa vampire. He
keeps them as an eternal reminder of his violent nature.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak mysteriously and in parables,
unless you are sure you can trust your audience — a rare
occurrence.

Haven: Khalid currently makes his haven ina large cave
just north of Evanston.

Secrets: A+

Influence: He has a great deal of subtle influence over
the Kindred of Chicago. He knows almost everything that
goes on in this vast metropolis — at least, everything that
matters.

Tammy Walenski

Peterand Tammy grew up ina lower-middle-class immi-
grant neighborhood in South Chicago. Outwardly, theirs
appeared a normal family, but like far too many in America,
it hid a dark secret of pain, humiliation and sadism. Not a
week went by without the children's drunken parents finding
an excuse — any excuse — to punish the two. The marks left
by the punishments included enormous welts and scars from
belts and straps; cigarette burns on arms, legs, and torsos;
broken bones; concussions; and more bruises than either
child could ever count.

In 1950, when Peter was 13 and Tammy was 12, they
found the first comfort of their lives in each other's arms. For
ayear, the continuous punishments they suffered meant little
to them as long as they had each other. However, one night
at the end of that year, the two were five minutes late coming
home. When they entered their home, their parents locked
Peter in a closet, uttering dire threats about the punishment
that awaited him. Then they beat Tammy for two hours
before passing out in a drunken stupor.

Tammy crawled to the closet and let Peter out. Peter
helped Tammy outside. Then Peter emptied his parents'
entire liquor cabinet outside their room and coated the
hallway that led to the front door. Then he lit a match.

The children watched the fire from the sidewalk in front
of the house. They stood so close the heat slowly melted their
shirt buttons. They heard their father screaming for help, and
then there was nothing. A minute later, they became aware
of a presence behind them.

Khalid had been watching the two children for almost
five years. Their suffering had both fascinated and repulsed
him. He had reached the conclusion that he must Embrace
them, both to save them and to preserve their pain for
eternity — for he would never Change anyone who had a

104

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


hope of a full and peaceful mortal life, only those who would
be enriched by the gift of becoming Nosferatu. In these two
abused children, he had seen just such potential. He had been
unsure, until now.

Both children had found new strength through the
events of the past years; such strength, born of agony and
love, could not be allowed to die. He brought the two
children to his haven, and spoke softly to them. Within a few
hours they had accepted his gift.

They lived with Khalid for several more weeks as they
discovered their new abilities. However, they constantly
roamed by their old home during their nocturnal journeys
and, finally, returned there to sleep in the basement of the
burned-out shell. The ghosts of their mother and father
haunted the ruins, and neighbors, developers and others gave
the eerie lot wide berth.

Not so the werewolves. Attracted by the unnatural
presence of the spirits, a pack descended on the haven when
Peter was home alone. When Tammy returned, she found
only the barest traces of her beloved brother littering the
floor, and the spirits of her parents howling with glee. Now
Peter is one of them, a ghost bound to the dead house, and
theirs to torment for eternity.

Even now, Tammy cannot abandon her brother. She
will do anything to help him, but doesn't know how. Khalid
has promised his aid, but has yet to come through for them.
Should someone offer help, Tammy would be eternally in his
gratitude, for the situation is rapidly driving her mad.

Sire: Khalid

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Fanatic
Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1950 (born 1938)

Apparent Age: Young teenager
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Streetwise 1
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 2, Firearms 1, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Chicago 4, Occult 3
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Obfuscate 4, Potence 5,

Thaumaturgy 2 (Spirit Thaumaturgy 1)

Backgrounds: Mentor 4, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 0, Courage 5

Humanity: 1

Willpower: 10

Image: A 4! 5" Nosferatu. She still likes to wear cheap
jewelry and dresses from her days as a mortal.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quickly going insane. You
had thought yourself free of your past, but now it has come
back with a vengeance. You look and act scared, and are
becoming suicidally depressed.

Haven: Their old house.

Secrets: B -

Influence: What little she had through Khalid is gone.
She had been learning to manipulate the spirit plane through
her parents' ghosts, but Peter's death has changed that. She
no longer finds herself able to control them, and is horrified
by the way they treat the ghost of Peter.

The ghosts of her parents are unaffected by physical
attacks and have the equivalent of Dominate 5 with seven
dice, no matter what the attack. They also have a "touch"
attack that allows them to drain Willpower. They attack with
seven dice against the victim's Wits + Dodge. Each success
drains one point of Willpower from the victim. If the victim
has Fortitude, the drain can be resisted by a Courage +
Fortitude roll (difficulty 9). For every success, one fewer
Willpower point is lost. Peter's ghost has not evidenced any
such powers.

Nathaniel Bordruff

For years, Nathaniel fought the demons and devils that
plagued the good people of New Orleans. An evangelist in
the Church of Christ and the most feared vampire hunter in
Louisiana during the 1920s, he managed to slay five of the
city's Kindred during the span of a few years. Pride managed
to worm its way into his bosom and replace faith, however,
and Nathaniel finally met his match in the bayous.

In the swamps, a crafty old Nosferatu trapped him in a
deserted shack. As a joke, the Nosferatu turned the dread
vampire hunter into that which he most despised, subse-
quently depositing him outside a Church of Christ revival.
None of the worshippers survived Nathaniel's waking frenzy.

At first Nathaniel tried to atone for his actions by using
his newfound powers to continue his war against the undead,
but it was not the same. There was no one to appreciate his

Chapter Four: The Kindred 105


theatrics and praise him for his bravery, and he quickly
discovered the weaknesses of his new form and the true power
of the older Cainites. He fled New Orleans with the prince's
hellhounds baying at his heels.

During the years that followed, Nathaniel has learned a
great deal of patience, but his hatred of vampires has contin-
ued to fester. After a disastrous encounter with the Sabbat in
New York during the late '60s, he fled west to Chicago, then
just recovering from its battles between the prince and the
anarchs. Seeing which way the wind was blowing, he joined
Lodin's forces and helped to destroy several surviving anarchs.
Lodin was delighted with Nathaniel's help and promoted
him into the society of elders.

Soon thereafter Nathaniel was approached by Khalid
and initiated into the ways of the city's Nosferatu. After a
very special private tour of the city, in which he was shown
the evil that Lodin had created, Khalid asked him to help
keep tabs on the prince. Nathaniel happily assisted both
Khalid and Lodin, and became quite skilled at playing both
ends against each other.

He was careful to be out of town when Maldavis made
her bid for power, and very quick toreturn when the primogen
fell in behind Lodin once again — justin time, in fact, to help
the prince clean out some of the last anarchs. While both
Lodin and Khalid counted the old vampire hunter among
their allies, nothing would have given him more pleasure
than to kill them both.

He tried this through a well-timed flood, which he
hoped would flush both out into the open during the day.
Both managed to survive the flood, but neither found out
who was behind the attack. Now the Lupine assault has taken
the pleasure of killing Lodin from him, but it has also given
him a new plan.

The princeship is open, and Nathaniel is just the candi-
date to take over the job. He has begun flattering Khalid in
hopes of gaining his support, and has sounded out some of the
other members of the primogen. Of course, once he was in
power, they would be the first to go. Then Nathaniel would
be free to reveal the vampire threat to the entire world, and
receive the honors he is due.

It should be noted that Nathaniel's hatred for the
undead does not imply any mercy or compassion for the
living. Nathaniel is among the most cold-blooded vampires
any character could meet. Unlike the other Nosferatu,
Nathaniel has no special loyalty to his clan, harboring only
hatred forall his kind. At one point Nathaniel began creating
his own brood to take over the city, but killed them all when
itappeared they may have been discovered. He fears that one
of his childer may have created progeny of her own, and that
these neonates still hide in Chicago's sewers.

Sire: Virginia

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Director
Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1926 (born 1891)
Apparent Age: Can't tell
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 1, Leadership 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Melee 4, Stealth 2,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 3,
Theology 4

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 4,
Potence 4, Thaumaturgy 1 (Neptune's Might 1)

Backgrounds:
Status 3

Mentor 3, Resources 4, Retainers 4,

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 0, Courage 3

Humanity: 0

Willpower: 8

Image: A tall, gaunt Nosferatu.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak slyly and try to get the
characters on your side. Then destroy them.

Haven: Nathaniel resides in the basement of a dilapi-
dated Church of Christ church on the South Side.

Secrets: B+

Influence: His Retainers are the janitor, pastor and
organist of the local Church of Christ, whom he has conned
into helping him. They have never actually seen him — at
least not that they can remember— butall have hearda voice
that speaks of "the true path." Through them, he has ex-
tended his control intoanumber of evangelical congregations
in the Chicago area. With his help, the pastor has lost his

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


stutter and become quite a good speaker; he has even started
aSunday television show, which Nathaniel is only beginning
to exploit. And, yes, Nathaniel feeds on them all.

Cedrick Calhoun

The Calhoun family had long been a mainstay of south-
em Illinois politics, but in Cedrick's generation it appeared
such duties would fall solely to his younger brother. After all,
how could a person born with withered limbs, cleft lips and
other handicaps hope to have any success in the public arena?

In fact, the senior Calhoun (Cedrick's uncle) decided it
would be best for all concerned if Cedrick were sent away to
a special school — in Colorado. So Cedrick was packed off
and locked away. Forall his other handicaps, Cedrick's mind
remained as sharp and clear as ever. The school was little
more than a jail, and the only education it gave Cedrick was
a lesson in bitterness and hate.

The school lay in the Rocky Mountains, far from its
nearest neighbors. It took Cedrick a year to plan his breakout,
and more than two years to stockpile his supplies. When the
time came, however, he was off and running.

He covered a great deal of ground in his first two nights,
sleeping by day and traveling only in the dark. He had the
feeling someone had followed him from the school, and the
longer he traveled, the more sure he became. On the third day
he set a trap for his pursuer. At dusk he backtracked over his
trail and set a snare. Then he hid in the bushes to wait.

It was not long before his trap was sprung, and Cedrick
ran forward to see what he had caught. He saw nothing.
There had to be something in the trap, for the rope was pulled
taut and Cedrick heard the worst round of cursing to which
his young ears had ever been subjected. Then he heard
laughter from behind him.

He turned, and was confronted by the most horrendous
monster he could imagine. The grotesque figure, however,
was having to lean against a tree to support itself. It was
laughing so hard that branches shook and leaves fell to the
ground. Despite the horror of the situation, Cedrick felt his
own laughter welling up inside himself. His chuckles turned
to peals of laughter, and soon their duet of hilarity rang
through the mountains.

Suddenly the snare snapped, and something hit the
ground with a loud thud. Before Cedrick's eyes a figure
materialized. A tall man with white hair and blazing red eyes
sprang at the boy, sharp teeth gleaming in his slavering
mouth. Cedrick's laughter turned to a scream of horror, but
the monster intercepted his attacker, and the two rolled on
the ground, tearing and biting each other.

Cedrick could do nothing but stand and stare as the fight
continued. His feet were rooted to the dirt, and he stood stock
still while the two figures struggled. Then the monster locked
its fangs on the man's throat and tore it out. The monster
stood, and Cedrick watched in paralyzed fascination as its
wounds began closing up. When it extended its hand and
introduced itself as Tommy, Cedrick finally fainted.

He awoke in the Nosferatu's cave, where the monster
explained its nature to Cedrick, and told him the school had
been a haven for something called a Malkavian. It was this
Malkavian who had been stalking Cedrick, and who had
been stalked in turn by Tommy the Nosferatu.

Glad to be free of the school, and growing relaxed in
Tommy's presence, Cedrick stayed with the Nosferatu in-
stead of returning to civilization. The two traveled through
the Rockies, with Cedrick looking out for Tommy during the
day and moving about at night.

Then Cedrick discovered Tommy's real goal. His master
called himself a diabolist, and he sought older vampires, like
the Malkavian, so he could kill them and drink their blood.
Cedrick helped him, first as a ghoul and, when he grew to full
maturity, as a fellow Nosferatu. Their escapades continued
until they encountered a Gangrel archon of the Camarilla.
The Gangrel slaughtered Tommy and Cedrick only barely
escaped.

With nowhere to turn and the Camarilla on his tail,
Cedrick fled back to southern Illinois. He discovered that his
brother had become a leading politician in the area, his
popularity won by a moving eulogy he made at Cedrick's
funeral. Angry beyond measure at his brother's hypocrisy and
opportunism, he invaded the politician's mansion with bloody
revenge in mind.

He waited until his brother had finished playing domi-
noes with his children and put them to bed. Then Cedrick
ambushed his brother as he walked up the stairs. First he
demanded money from his horrified sibling. Then he insisted
on his brother's stocks, bonds and deeds. Once he had gotten
everything his brother owned, he killed him, and prepared to
use Mask of the Thousand Faces to take his place.

In order to prepare himself for the task, he took out his
brother's diary and began reading. As he turned page after
page, Cedrick became more and more aghast. Here was not

Chapter Four: The Kindred


the history of a double-crossing, vile politician, but the
record of a concerned, dedicated public servant. He read
about the death of his brother's wife and his efforts to raise his
children. Most disturbingly, he read about his brother's days
when he first thought Cedrick had died, and found that his
brother had meant every word of that eulogy. He threw down
the diary, only tosee his brother's dead eyes staring up at him.

Ittook Cedrick the entire night to shake his Rétschreck.
He ran from the house and tore into the nearby fields, finally
finding comfort in a deserted mine. Here he stayed for
months, living off the blood of bats and lizards, until he finally
came to a decision.

He began his atonement with his brother's children. He
ensured that they would never want for anything, setting up
a trust fund with money stolen from a bank. Then he spent
the next 20 years watching their development, working as
their guardian angel. When they were safely grown and
happily going about their lives, Cedrick finally went about
his business.

For several decades he traveled the Midwest, trying to
find those most in need and help or protect them. After a
time, however, a realization struck him: he was doing next to
no good. Everywhere he went, he saw worse crimes than he
could ever rectify. Behind most of these crimes he saw the
hands of the undead.

Chicago seemed to be the center of such evil. He saw its
tulers' dirty hands everywhere. He saw them destroying the
mortals of Gary and manipulating mortals across the Midwest
for their own profit. When the Lupines attacked, Cedrick saw
it as poetic justice, but also as an opportunity.

Ifhe could become prince of Chicago, he could put astop
to this horror. He packed up his few belongings and moved to
the Windy City. He immediately made himself known to its
elders, and has been visiting Kindred everywhere, politicking
constantly. He is invariably friendly and helpful, and for that
reason no vampires trust him.

Nathaniel (8th)

Elucid ©)

~— NOSFERATU

Sire: Tommy
Nature: Martyr
Demeanor:
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1925 (born 1902)
Apparent Age: Impossible to ascertain
Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Melee 5,
Stealth 4, Survival 4

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 1, Midwest
Knowledge 4, Politics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 1, Celerity 1, Domi-
nate 2, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 4, Potence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Resources 3, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 5

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 6

Notes: Cedrick has traveled extensively throughout the
Midwest, and knows a good bit about its Kindred. If anyone
needs information, he would be the one to contact. He has
also made a number of Allies and enemies throughout the
region; these can appear as the Storyteller desires. He carries

Caregiver

a silver-reinforced cane that conceals a stake in the handle.

Image: An extremely debonair Nosferatu who prefers
double-breasted suits, bowlers and pocket watches. Still, he
isa Nosferatu; his mouth is horrendously misshapen and foul,
as is his left arm. Also, his aura still bears the black marks of
his early diablerie.

Roleplaying Hints: You are invariably friendly and
ingratiating, though you know all vampires (except yourself)
are foul beasts out to destroy humanity.

Haven: A warehouse in the docks.

Secrets: C
Influence: None — yet.

Tommy ()

Cedrick Calhoun (th)

Elzbieta (©)
D = Disappeared

Jurgis ©)

Tammy (7th)

108 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


TOREADOR

Chicago's Toreador generally draw disdain, both from
other Kindred in the city and from Toreador elsewhere.
Despite their protests, the Toreador of Chicago have been
categorically labeled Poseurs, and draw scorn from their more
artistic brethren. Other Kindred in the city see them as
degenerate fops who desire only to preen and posture.

What none of these groups realize is that Chicago's
Toreador are, Kindred for Kindred, the most powerful vam-
pires in the city. None can match them for raw power, for
while the weaker clan members died in the Lupine attack, the
strong survived and benefited from the experience. When
they make their move, the very pillars of the city will shake.

Helena ("Portia")

Inthe 13th century B.C., Helena was the most beautiful
of Achaean women. For the favorite daughter of the king of
the coastal city of Argos, doted upon by her father and loved

bythe people, life was ideal. Then Minos came to visit. Minos
was an ancient, horribly ugly man, and he immediately fell in
love with Helena. Helena despised him and his nocturnal
ways. She told her father she wanted him driven from the
city, only to see her father's eyes glaze over as he told her she
was going to marry the old man. Horrified, Helena fled the
palace in secret, taking only a single handmaiden.

The two ran south along the shore of the Aegean Sea.
After a few hours, they collapsed with exhaustion and fell
asleep in a sea cave. When Helena awoke it was dawn, and
someone stood over her. It was Prince Prias, the most beau-
tiful man she had ever seen. He easily convinced her to flee
to his city in Asia Minor, where they would be safe from
Minos.

For 10 years Helena lived happily with Prias' family, one
of the most noble houses in that part of the world. Finally,
however, Minos tracked her down. Helena's horrible suspi-
cions that he was not human proved correct. It seemed as
though nothing could defeat the ancient vampire as he tore
though Prias' ancestral home looking for the princess who
had escaped his grasp. Priasand his brothers valiantly struggled,
but they were as mice against an elephant. Minos brushed
them aside, pausing only long enough to hurl Prias through
awall. The vampire then seized Helena and took her back to
Greece.

Minos had long ago decided to turn Helena into a
vampire to rule Argos beside him. However, he decided first
to punish her for the trouble she had caused him, and to do

so ina way he would enjoy. Chaining her to her father's bed,
he fed from her each night, taking only slightly more blood
than her body could replace, and thus prolonging her agony
over anumber of months. On the night he drained the last of
her blood, he replaced it with just enough of his own, and left
her locked in a room with her aged father. Then he waited
outside for the screams he knew he would hear when her first
frenzy subsided and Helena realized whom she had killed.

Her spirit broken, she allowed him to arrange a marriage
with her, and at its conclusion she even placed the crown
upon his head. Together they became the rulers of Argos.
Helena came to accept — and eventually enjoy — her new
form, but she despised having to share her pleasure with
Minos. As the years passed she sought a way to slay him, and
eventually she journeyed to Delphi to ask the oracle this
question. There she learned that drinking his blood could
both destroy her tormentor and make her more powerful, but
she was warned that it would also destroy what was left of her
soul.

Though he began to trust her more, Minos still kept
Helena Dominated, and she was unable to exact her revenge.
Then, after 13 years, Prias returned. With a force of soldiers
he surprised the vampires as they prepared to sleep for the
day. He drove his wooden spear deep into Minos' breast. As
the old vampire lay paralyzed, Helena sprang for her sire's
throat. She drank deeply, and felt new power flow through
her as the last of his blood left his body.

She and Prias lived happily in Argos until Helena
realized her once-beautiful lover was aging. She offered to
make him a vampire, but he refused. Then she told him that
by drinking her blood he could gain immortality but not be
cursed as she was. He accepted, and the two remained
happily together for centuries.

Eventually they left Argos and began to travel the
civilized world. They reached Carthage just as the Brujah
were raising it to its greatest glory, and became caught up in
its splendor and dreams. They were there when Carthage
attracted the enmity of the Ancients who controlled Rome.

At first Helena and Prias fought for Carthage, but they
soon realized the futility of their struggle. Together they fled
the city and made their way to Rome, where they gave the
Ventrue the needed information to destroy the city. In
exchange, Helena received the fief of Pompeii, where she
existed content in the belief thatshe had notan enemy in the
world.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 109


Unfortunately for Helena, one fourth-generation Brujah
survived the massacre at Carthage. Menele (see Brujah,
above) soon found out about Helena's treachery and swore
vengeance for his shattered dreams and slaughtered friends.
He tracked her to Pompeii, where he summoned aspirit of fire
to destroy her. He quickly lost control of the spirit, and had
to flee the city as fire rained down upon him, but he believed
he had destroyed her. Helena, however, managed to survive
with Prias' aid. Together they fled to Egypt, where she plotted
her revenge.

Thus it went for the next 1,300 years. Existence became
one long battle against her ancient foe, a battle that neither
seemed to be able to win. Finally, she and Prias dealt Menele
a near-fatal blow in Spain. Only the rising sun kept them
from finishing him off, but they hoped the sun would do it for
them.

The next day, however, there was no sign of the Brujah.
For almost a century they searched for him, but found no
trace of Menele. For once, Helena was glad not to know
where hernemesis was, for she had anew problem with which
to contend. She no longer gained sustenance from the blood
of mortals; only the vita of Kindred could satisfy her needs.
Soon this was limited to female Kindred, though she found
that their blood nourished her far more than any mortal
blood ever had.

Suddenly Helena's Auspex picked up a trace of Menele
far across the sea. Amazed that there might be land across the
ocean, she quickly maneuvered the Spanish Empire into
sending explorers westward. Once she leamed of the New
World, she (along with Prias and several female progeny she
made) joined the expedition of one Hernan Cortez. Once in
the New World, she lost track of Menele. Native rumors
implied that he might have sought refuge among the Aztecs.
With Cortez's help she destroyed that empire — and then,
with other tools, the Maya — only to find no sign of her foe.
Then she heard of the Incas. This time she allied herself with
Pizarro and together they destroyed yet another Indian
civilization. Menele was indeed there; he and his Incas
proved no match for the Spaniards' superior technology and
Helena's horde of progeny. Menele barely escaped with his
life, and fled north.

For the next several centuries Helena searched for him,
finally finding him hidden among the Pueblos. He fled
without even doing battle and Helena began to scent victory.
She began to track him across North America, but had
trouble finding him among the many tribes.

Finally, in 1820, the foes met on the plains of what isnow
Kansas, and Menele was again forced to flee. Again she
tracked him, and in the process allied herself with the United
States military. The next fight was at Fort Dearborn, where
for a while it seemed as though Menele might win.

Allied with the Indian Chief Black Hawk, he proved to
be almost a match for Helena and her blue-coated allies.
Finally the two Methuselahs engaged in personal combat,

dealing each other thunderous blows, and both were left
helpless. Prias took Helena toa place of safety under the fort,
where she went into torpor.

Even in torpor, Helena has still used her Auspex and
Dominate Disciplines to fight Menele. At first she was
confident in her eventual victory, for she controlled the
soldiers in the fort. Even when settlers began to populate the
area, she remained secure in her power. After the Civil War
she realized the military's power in the area was waning and
civilian control was growing. She turned her attention to the
growing city, only to find that Menele had already begun his
work there, and now controlled the prince.

Casting about for a suitable pawn in this new game,
Helena chanced upon Lodin. She then caused several of
Chicago's Malkavians to light a fire that destroyed many of
Menele's pawns. With these out of the way, Lodin defeated
Prince Maxwell and ran him out of the city. With her prince
in power, Helena prepared to find Menele's body and destroy
him. However, continuing battles amongst the Kindred,
mostly instigated by Menele or herself, thwarted these efforts.

Now the game has again changed. Since 1990, when
Helena came out of torpor, she had been gathering her
strength to try to kill Menele herself. Then, in 1993, the
Lupines attacked.

Her haven was one of their first targets, and Helena was
certain they were under Menele's control. She survived their
vicious assault on the Succubus Club, but Prias was killed.
She has since returned and taken over the club, though it no
longer setves as her main haven. She is actively seeking out
Menele's resting place; if she finds it, she will attack it with
every resource at her command — something the Masquer-
ade will not survive. She has also begun to seek out those

Kindred definitely under Menele's control, and plans to
drink their blood soon.

110

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Sire: Minos

Nature: Plotter

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 1207 B.C. (born 1233 B.C.)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 8, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 8, Manipulation 8, Appearance 8

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 6, Wits 6

Talents: Acting 6, Alertness 6, Brawl 7, Dodge 7,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Leadership 5, Seduction 6, Sub-
terfuge 6

Skills: Etiquette 8, Firearms 2, Melee 5, Music 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: History 5, Linguistics 5, Occult 5

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 7, Celerity 5, Domi-
nate 8, Fortitude 5, Obfuscate 5, Potence 4, Presence 5,
Thaumaturgy 4 (Movement of the Mind 3, Elemental Mas-
tery 3)

Backgrounds: Contacts 8, Influence 4, Resources 4,
Retainers 8, Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 10

Notes: Helena's first extra level in Auspex allows her to
gain a mystic perspective over a vast area as though she were
looking down from high in the air. Her second level allows
her to discover the location of anyone she knows (roll a
number of dice equal to her Perception; difficulty is 5 plus the
target's Obfuscate [maximum 10]). Her additional levels of
Dominate allow her: to use Dominate without eye contact as
long as she knows her victim's location; to block other
people's Dominate attempts against her victims (add three to
their Willpower for the purpose of resisting new Dominate
attempts until they have completed what Helena wants of
them—sometimes this is never); and to Dominate a number
of people (for every extra success she scores over the needed
amount, she can roll that many dice to Dominate another
person).

Image: She is one of the most beautiful creatures in
existence.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the greatest — act accord-
ingly.

Haven: The Tremere chantry.

Secrets: A+

Influence: Helena is easily the most influential figure in
Chicago. She has great influence over elders, anarchs, the
Sabbat, the Tremere and many more. She runs the Succubus
Club, which now functions as the main anarch hangout. The
two leading Ventrue, Ballard and Capone, serve her whim.
The new Sabbat pack in Chicago follows her orders, and the
Tremere leader will do almost anything she desires. A num-

ber of Chicago's Kindred have realized she is more than she
claims to be, especially considering her great beauty, but few
know just how powerful she is.

Maria
For years this beautiful Spanish woman was the most
powerful Toreador in the city —a fifth-generation vampire
who lived for nothing but pleasure. She refused to join the
primogen, considering the duties thereof to be hindrances to
her pleasures. No one has seen her recently, which has made
Annabelle Triabell (below) the city's leading Toreador —
much to the disgust of the other members of the clan. In fact,
Maria was Helena's first victim upon the latter's emergence

from torpor.

Annabelle Triabell

Annabelle Triabell was born to a musician and a Pari-
sian prostitute. Her childhood saw more ups and downs than
her mother's dress. At times the family would have more
money than they knew what to do with, while at other times
her mother would be in jail and her father unable to find
work. Herunmarried parents did their best to make her youth
as comfortable as possible, but their very lifestyles made the
good times a fleeting thing.

While Annabelle developed natural talents that would
have allowed her to follow in either parent's footsteps, she
instead decided to marry into wealth, for only thus could she
be ensured continual enjoyment of the good life. Aided by
her father's short stint as court musician to the king of France,
she made a splash in the noble circles; one aristocrat after
another sought her as a plaything. Because of the morality of
the times, however, Annabelle soon found that her reputa-
tion as a strumpet prevented her from ever marrying the
nobles she so desired. At this time Maria entered her life.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 111


Known to the court as a Spanish noblewoman recently
arrived from the New World, Maria first became attracted to
Annabelle's father, whose music she greatly enjoyed, and
then to Annabelle herself. Appreciating the young
Frenchwoman's great beauty and hoping she had inherited
her father's skills, Maria revealed her true nature and Em-
braced Annabelle. Telling the neonate's parents that she
planned to take Annabelle ona tour of the Americas, the two
left France.

For more than 200 years the two enjoyed the wild
continent together, and their natural sophistication made
them popular wherever they went. Finally they reached
Chicago, then at the height of its jazz age. The two settled in
and made the town their own.

Unknown to either Annabelle or Maria, Maria had been
Dominated by her own sire — Helena — to create female
Kindred for Helena's nourishment. Despite the fact that the
two had little to do with each other since coming to Chicago,
Maria's recent disappearance has made Annabelle uneasy.

Nonetheless, she has assumed the leadership of the city's
Toreador with gusto; they are all forced to be part of the high
society of Chicago, and must regularly attend the balls and
other social events she sponsors. Before Maria vanished it
was not so bad — Annabelle did not have the position of clan
leader to back up her authority as a member of the primogen
— but now she has both and they must do as she says. (Some
suspect her of eliminating Maria simply to gain the power to
force them to her parties, but most realize how absurd this is.
Allare very interested in what happened to Maria, and would
pay well for information as to her whereabouts.)

Annabelle remains a hedonist, living in the public eye
under the name Ellen Stanley-Greer, the wife of John Greer,
publisher of the Sentinel syndicate of newspapers. Greer is
an older man in his late 60s, and is apparently completely
underhercontrol. The two have been married since the early
'60s, and the local media have begun to comment on the
apparent agelessness of Mrs. Greer.

Annabelle knows no life except excess. Her existence is
a decadent whirlwind of action and sensation. Many of the
younger Kindred in Chicago spend at least a short time in her
retinue, experiencing things quite literally undreamed of by
mortals. She was (and probably still is) asecretally of Modius,
the Prince of Gary, though this is now less of a secret than it
used to be. Those who knew of it believed it to be an attempt
on her part to create friction between the two princes, and
thus allow her a greater measure of power. She manipulated
both, constantly altering the level of tension between them.
Those who were aware of Annabelle's games expect her
interest in Modius to wane now that Lodin is dead. No one
knows her true motivations regarding Modius. In fact, she
sired Modius in the early 19th century.

Sire: Maria

Nature: Bon Vivant

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 6th

112

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Embrace: 1722 (born 1698)
Apparent Age: Late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alermess3, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Leadership 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Music 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 2, Law 2, Linguis-
tics 4, Occult 4, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Dominate 2, Forti-
tude 1, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Fame 4, Influence 2, Resources 4, Retain-
ers 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Image: Annabelle is of average height and slightly
better-than-average build, with stylishly cut, shoulder-length,
ash-blond hair (recut nightly) and wide, sky-blue eyes. She
has a large, full mouth and the bearing and appearance of a
high-fashion model.

Roleplaying Hints: Give yourself a very slight French
accent and never stop talking. However, never talk to the
same person for more than a minute. Always introduce himto
someone else, even ifhe already knows that person, and move
on.

Haven: She lives with her "husband" in a mansion on
the North Side of Chicago, fairly near the downtown area. It
is possibly the nicest home in the Chicago area, and is filled
with fine art. There is normally a party there every few days.

Secrets: B+

Influence: Annabelle wields formidable power as a
member of the primogen, and has gained even more since she
became the leader of the Toreador clan. She wields consid-
erable influence over mortals, largely because of the number
of wealthy families who wish to continue to be invited to her
parties. Among the elders she is known asa talented schemer
and a deadly enemy in the arts of betrayal and deal-making.

Eletria

By 86 B.C., Sparta's days of glory were well behind it.
The city-state had become part of the Roman Empire. While
it suffered little under this rule, it chafed at the reins of
servitude. Still, some people prospered under Roman rule,
and Eletria was one of them.

In the days of Sparta's glory, Eletria's only place would
have been as a wife, bearing children and managing the
family affairs. Instead, Italian visitors encouraged her pursuit
of the arts, and Eletria became an accomplished painter,
sculptress and musician. Her works adorned few Spartan
homes, but were extremely popular with foreign residents
and traders.


Eletria's happiness could not last. As a member of
Sparta's small upper class, and one who was personally
associated with the conquerors, she became a target when the
lower classes and democrats revolted against Rome. Her
artworks were destroyed, and she herself would have been
killed had it not been for her beautiful rescuer.

As the mob advanced on Eletria's estate that night, a
wild horsewoman broke their ranks. This stranger galloped to
Eletria's door, and commanded her to leave her home and
come with her. Eletria found herself unable to resist, and she
and her benefactor rode off into the night.

Before dawn they stopped at a concealed cave. Here
Eletria's rescuer introduced herself as Helena, and com-
manded the artist to watch over her as she slept during the
day. When Helena again awoke, Eletria had gone nearly
insane with terror. Helena had led them to the darkest depths
of the cave, and the mortal had sat out the day in the dark,
without food or water, afraid to make the slightest move-
ment.

Angry at the mortal for being afraid, and at herself for
not realizing that might happen, Helena almost rejected her
plans to Embrace Eletria. On the verge of frenzy, she turned
on the artist. Only Prias' timely arrival saved Eletria from a
bloody death in the dark cave.

Helena Embraced Eletria and took the artist to a haven
near Argos. Here she Blood Bound the woman, and then set
her loose in Greece. For centuries Eletria traveled the world,
settling in one place only long enough to work on her art
before moving on again. She had no contact with her sire
until the 16th century, when Helena appeared before her as
she sculpted and ordered the artist to accompany her on a
voyage to the New World.

Eletria was only one of a number of Helena's progeny
who made the trip, and all servedas vessels for their sire. They
traveled with her throughout the Americas; a number died,

while Helena assigned others to rule parts of the New World.
Eletria was given what is now southern Mexico, where she
stayed for several centuries.

After a period of solitude, she contacted an ally from
Europe, the Ventrue Datura, who had been the subject for
some of her finest works. Eletria knew she required help in
running the growing cities, and the Ventrue was a perfect
assistant. Together they made their home in the growing city
of Veracruz.

For more than 100 years their reign was peaceful and
without incident, giving Eletriaa golden opportunity to work
on herart. Then came the city's years of invasions, beginning
with the French invasion of 1838. When the United States
took the city in 1847, Eletria and Datura sought out one of the
commanders. They found Lodin, then a lieutenant mas-
querading as a colonel.

Upset and impressed by his daring, Datura Embraced
him, and he stayed in the city after the U.S. forces left. He
became close to Eletria, a fact that did not escape his sire's
notice. Datura became more and more jealous of their rela-
tionship, and Eletria began to fear for Lodin's existence
should he stay in Mexico. She sent him off to the newly
formed city of Chicago, suggesting he become its prince and
tule in style.

Eletria's relationship with Datura never fully recovered
from the strain Lodin had placed on it. As the years passed,
they became more and more distant, and spent little time
together. The Sabbat threat in Mexico forced them to ally,
but even this did little to rekindle their old passion.

Then Eletria heard of Lodin's destruction. Sorrow and
guilt washed over her, and she felt herself compelled to return
to Chicago. She turned Veracruz completely over to Datura
and moved north, taking with her only a portrait of Datura
reclining on the cliffs of Veracruz as they looked 200 years
ago.

In Chicago Eletria was amazed to discover her sire, who
admitted to having called her there. Now Eletria constantly
hovers around Helena, ready for any danger that might
manifest. The irony does not escape her, for she knows she
has given up Lodin, Datura, her art and everything else she
loves at the commands of the one who controls her.

Sire: Helena

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 86 B.C. (born 114 B.C.)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 8, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 5, Appearance 7

Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 6, Wits 6

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 6,
Empathy 6, Leadership 3

Skills: Etiquette 5, Melee 3, Music 5, Painting 7, Pho-
tography 5, Sculpting 7

Chapter Four: The Kindred 113


Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 4, Law 3, Linguistics 6,
Medicine 3, Occult 4, Sabbat Lore 3

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 7, Dominate 5, Forti-
tude 4, Potence 2, Presence 5, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Mentor 6, Resources 5, Re-
tainers 2, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9

Notes: Eletria's extra level of Auspex lets her see people
and things as they were at any point in the past. She ruled
Veracruz for years; while no one in Chicago knows this,
outsiders may well recognize her and be amazed that she is
protecting Portia. Also, she has fought the Sabbat for a long
time, and if any of its members come up from Mexico, they
will recognize her. Eletria is used to innumerable servants,
but only brought two with her — a chauffeur/bodyguard and
a photography assistant.

Image: A beautiful Greek woman, well-muscled and
fair-complexioned.

Roleplaying Hints: You tend to be quiet now, but are
used to being in command. If you are thwarted or threatened
in any way, you are likely to reveal the full extent of your
powers.

Haven: With Helena.

Secrets: A-

Influence: If she so desired, Eletria could take command
of the Toreador clan in the city with but a word. Helena
prefers Eletria working more closely by her side, however, and
has not let her extend her influence in the city. Eletria also
has ties to the Camarilla, and has earned respect through her
battles with the Sabbat.

Bret Stryker

Bret Stryker was born good-looking, and he knew itatan
early age. He got into bodybuilding in 1977 when he was 16,
and kept up with it — but only to the extent that it made him
even better-looking. He never liked to work very much, and
so he slipped very easily into crime. In his South Side
neighborhood it was almost expected.

After being jailed for holding up a 7-11, he learned the
downside of being so good-looking. Still, when presented
with the opportunity to make some easy money as an exotic
dancer after he got out of jail, he jumped at the chance. Ever
since, he has relied on the generosity of other people, male
and female, who support him because of his looks and his
willingness to provide certain favors.

Something made him uneasy about Annabelle's offer to
take care of him. She was much better-looking than most of
his patrons, but she had a way about her that disturbed him
like no one else ever had. After one night with Annabelle,
however, he knew he wanted no one else. With her he
experienced pleasure beyond words. Within a week Annabelle
had decided that this beautiful dancer would make a perfect

childe. She Embraced him without warning, and told him
afterward what he had become. Aftera short period of horror
and shock he adjusted well enough, and grew to enjoy hisnew
form.

Annabelle, angry at members of her clan over a failed
attempt to impress them, saw in Bret a chance to snub her
nose at them. She has forced him to continue his dancing,
and continually tells him and others what a great artist he is.
Most of the matrons of high society have seen him dance at
one time or another, but they treat him with contempt or
feigned respect. Annabelle only really requires his services as
a bodyguard, and has no interest in anything else about him.

While Bret's attraction to Annabelle has slightly waned,
he is now Blood Bound to her and will do anything she says.
Still, Bret always was petty, and in the absence of orders from
Annabelle he isas likely to use asituation to her disadvantage
as to her advantage. As she has made him pledge to keep her
safe from harm, there are limits to what he can do.

Bret maintains a life among the mortals; he still dances
and takes his favorite vessels from the women who come to
see him.

He tends to be very sullen at Annabelle's parties. He sits
in the corner and glares at anyone who even looks like she is
going to talk to him. That is, unless he thinks he can get
something he wants from someone — then he can become
one of the most charming young men ever met. It is quite
startling to watch the transformation.

It was at one of these parties that he met the neonate
Portia, but he had little to do with her until after the Lupine
attack. Then she approached him and revealed her true
power and glory. For the first time in his existence, Bret
happily works fora woman. He procures women (often Blood
Dolls) for her and turns them into the vampires upon whom
she feeds. They stay chained on the top floor of the Succubus
Club, feeding and being fed on until Helena kills them.

114 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Sire: Annabelle
Nature: Bon Vivant

Demeanor: Cavalier

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1983 (born 1961)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 6

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 1, Athletics 4, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Security 2

Knowledges: Chicago 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Mentor 6, Resources 2, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Notes: Bret carries two heavy pistols in shoulder hol-
sters.

Image: A handsome, blond, athletic young man with
long curly hair and blue eyes. He is tall and muscular, with a
wry smile. He only dresses in the sharpest suits.

Roleplaying Hints: If you're talking to someone who is
either good-looking or rich, charm her to death (do such a
good job that even someone who knows you will be swayed).
Otherwise ignore her; better yet, snub her.

Haven: The Ponytail Club, where he still dances.
Annabelle bought the club and made him manager, but he
did a rotten job of it and now just strips there. He can often
be found at the Succubus Club.

Secrets: A-

Influence: Helena and Annabelle will give him almost
anything he wants. His Retainers are two old cronies from his
breathing days.

Kathy Glens

Kathy's burning ambition since the age of 10 was to be
the world's greatest guitarist. With every new Hendrix or
Clapton album, this ambition grew and grew. By 1971, when
she was 18, nothing else mattered. Unfortunately, she faced
the same problem shared by many talented female musicians
at the time. Fans just did not accept female musicians unless
they were singers or folk artists. Not only was Kathy primarily
arock guitarist, but she refused to add lyrics to her songs based
on the (correct) assumption that they would detract from the
power of her performance. This helped to ensure her status as
aminor local cult figure instead of a performer with anational
reputation.

It also attracted the attention of Tamoszius, the mad
vampire violinist, who had felt nothing but disdain for rock
‘n' roll until he heard her play. For three months, the

diminutive violinist haunted the audiences every time she
played. Finally, he went to her and made the same offer once
made to him—an eternity to perfect this musical gift. Kathy,
after becoming convinced of Tamoszius' sincerity, accepted
the offer as eagerly as the violinist himself once did.

Kathy was just beginning to become bored with rock
when punk appeared on the scene. While this new style
attracted just as many bigots and chauvinists as any of the old
ones, many female musicians took it as an opportunity to
flaunt their own styles. Kathy was slow to join this radical
movement, but when she did she jumped in with a ven-
geance. She is one of the founding members of Baby Chorus
and her talent is one of the key reasons the band has found
such a strong local following. Despite her role as a band
member, she is still likely to rip into an improvised solo that
leaves the other band members with nothing to do on stage
for up to an hour on end.

The deaths ofboth Tamosziusand band member Garwood
Marshall during the Lupine attack, as well as her own
mauling in a club called the Cave, have left her shaken and
heartbroken. She is the main reason the band has not played
in two months, for she finds it difficult to take the stage. She
spends much of her time in an abandoned cellar on the South
Side, playing, recording and editing all night. She neither
knows nor cares if what she is creating is garbage or a
masterpiece beyond measure.

Sire: Tamoszius

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1971 (born 1953)

Apparent Age: Teenager

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Chapter Four: The Kindred 115


Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Leadership 3

Skills: Drive 1, Melee 4, Music 5, Repair 2
Knowledges: Chicago 3, Music Trivia 5
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 5, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Fame 2, Retainers |
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 7

Image: A rather normal-looking young woman with
long brown hair and hazel eyes. Dresses casually — jeans and
a band T-shirt.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a sincere and interested
listener, but your interest in a conversation is likely to wane
if people expect you to do the talking.

Haven: A cellar on the South Side.

Secrets: B

Influence: None.

Notes: She uses her high Celerity to ensure her position
as the fastest guitarist any of the characters is ever likely to

see.

~TOREADO

Eletria (th)

Helena (4th)
Maria ©)

Annabelle (6th)

Tarmonay (©) seal (p)

McPhee ©) Teri ©)

|

Bret Stryker %») = Sharon ‘)
Michael ©)

Deforest (©)

116 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


TREMERE

The Tremere is easily the most organized clan in the city.
Its members share common objectives and work closely
together to achieve those objectives. However, the clan
leader, perhapsasa result of his youthful appearance, does not
have the full respect and obedience of the others. The
Council of Seven's interest in Chicago has increased follow-
ing the events of Under a Blood Red Moon, and it has sent
a Gargoyle to help protect the chantry — and keep an eye on
things.

In many ways, the clan elders think of those Tremere in
Chicago as expendable probes, intended to find out what is
going on but not expected to bring any other benefits to the
clan. They know full well that Nicolai is being controlled by
a Methuselah, but do not know the Methuselah's identity.

Nicolai

The magus visited Nicolai Antonescu for the first time
when he wasa little more than five years old. It happened one
day as Nicolai was working in his family's vegetable field
while his father worked with the other village men on the
count's land. Nicolai was immersed in tugging up carrots
when he felta shadow across his heart and sensed an ominous
presence behind him. He turned and saw an old, bearded man
dressed in fine robes of silk, peering down at him with gray
eyes — eyes that could surely see through stone walls.

After several minutes of terrifying silence, the man
spoke. "You will do," was all he said. Then he began to walk
away. After a few steps he turned, and said, "I shall return for
you when you are older. You had best be prepared." Then he
raised his arms and disappeared like a candle being blown out.

Nicolai ran home as fast as he could, but when he got
there he found he could tell no one what had happened. Each
time he tried, his mouth simply refused to open. All he could
do was cry, which he did for several hours.

During the next three years, Nicolai watched for the
stranger with a mix of apprehension and curious anticipa-
tion. He continued to work diligently in his family's fields
because it gave him time to be alone with his thoughts. Iralso
kept him away from the other village children, who teased
him constantly for being a dreamer, and the adults, who
looked at him strangely when they thought he could not see.
He now sensed that he did not belong here — that he was
destined for something more than pulling up weeds.

Then one day the magus returned while Nicolai was in
the fields. He wrapped the boy in a black cloak much like the
one he himself wore, and led Nicolai off down the road. They
passed several groups of peasants from his own village but,
much to Nicolai's surprise, the peasants never looked at the
odd pair.

After walking in silence for several miles, they came to
a carriage guarded by several armed men with strange em-
blems on their shields. Once they got in, the old man
removed their cloaks. Only then did the armed men notice
them, whereupon they began heading north along the King's
highway.

As they traveled, the magus explained to Nicolai what
it meant to be an apprentice. By the time they reached the
boy's new home, Kundera Covenant high in the hills, he was
quaking with fear and anticipation. For the next three years
he served as the magus Stromberg's apprentice, and began to
learn the mystical arts. He proved to be a quick learner with
great natural aptitude.

One night, aftera long day's effort on a strange new ritual
his master was creating, Nicolai heard Stromberg cry out.
Rushing to his master's chambers, he found the old magus
leaning over the cat that had been his familiar for years, blood
streaming down his face. Before Nicolai could move, his

Chapter Four: The Kindred 117


master sprang on him and bit deeply into the boy's throat.
Stromberg came to his senses only after he had completely
drained Nicolai. Not wishing to lose a valuable apprentice in
this way, the magus turned his apprentice into his neonate.

When the apprentice awakened to find himself drinking
blood, Stromberg hada great deal of explaining to do. He told
Nicolai that he and other senior magi in House Tremere had
discovered a way to make themselves immortal, but that it
required the drinking of blood. The ritual they had worked on
for so long employed the blood of a vampire, and it bestowed
all the benefits (but, he said, none of the weaknesses) of that
type of creature. Once again, Nicolai was both horrified and
excited by what he had become.

For centuries he loyally served his master and the other
elders of the clan in their struggle against the other Kindred.
In 1869, after finally proving himself to them, he was given
his own city. Because of the incredible growth occurring in
the New World, they sent him to the United States with
orders to take control of the swiftly expanding metropolis of
Chicago. They also ordered him to keep this control hidden
from the other Kindred, as is the Tremere way. For the most
part, Nicolai has succeeded in following these orders.

Nicolai first began to weave his web of control during the
power struggle between Lodin and Maxwell. He secretly
Dominated those few Kindred who survived the Great Fire
and still supported Maxwell. Under his control they betrayed
the old prince, leaving Lodin forever in Nicolai's debt (al-

though Lodin realized all too well that Nicolai must control
some of his subjects as tightly as he had controlled Maxwell's).
Nicolai then took his place in the city's primogen. However,
despite his proficiency at the games of the undead, Nicolai is
stillachild at heart. Ifhis plans are ever thwarted, he is likely
to become irrational.

Since the Lupine attack, Helena has been spending a
great deal of time ensuring Nicolai's loyalty to her. She has
come to him as the neonate Portia, feigning interest in him
and his abilities, and he has begun to respond. After all, no
one, not even a child, can refuse her.

Sire: Stromberg

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1314 (born 1303)

Apparent Age: 10

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 7, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Music 2, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Art History 3, Chicago 5, Computer 3,
Finance 5, Linguistics 5, Medicine 4, Occult 7, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 2, Dominate 5, Forti-
tude 1, Obfuscate 2, Potence 3, Thaumaturgy 6 (Movement

of the Mind 5, Lure of Flames 5, Weather Control 5, Path of
Conjuring 4, Path of Corruption 2)

Rituals: All Level One Rituals, Calling the Restless
Spirit, Eyes of the Past, Innocence of the Child's Heart, The
Unseen Change, Rending Sweet Earth and Protean Curse, as
well as anything else the Storyteller desires.

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 2, Influence 3, Mentor 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 4, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 10

Image: A handsome young boy with thousand-year-old
eyes. He is dark-haired and swarthy-skinned, and dresses in
finely tailored suits.

Roleplaying Hints: Stare deeply at anyone with whom
you speak. Always stay calm, arms folded, unless you are
thwarted — then go wild.

Haven: A mansion near downtown Chicago — the
chantry.

Secrets: A

Influence: Nicolai is very well connected in the art
community. As a patron of considerable wealth, he garners
great respect and more than a little confusion — "You mean
that kid there paid for this whole exhibit?" Practically speak-
ing, he has little power among the mortals, though as a
member of the primogen he has considerable sway among the
leaders of the city. Also, as clan leader of the Tremere, he has
potent mystical forces at his command.

Abraham DuSable

During World War II, Nicolai began to consider adding
other Tremere to Chicago. Since he wanted to prove himself
to the Tremere elders and didn't want any of his control or
power taken away by others of greater age, he had no desire
to recruit from other cities. He felt the need for someone who
at least appeared older, however, as his youthful appearance
often proved a hindrance. Slowly he began to pick through
the minds of Chicago's elite in search of a suitable subject.

He came upon Abraham DuSable almost by chance.
DuSable, a cultured and capable lawyer, was becoming more
and more frustrated at the constraints of his aging mortal
shell. The great depth of his anger stemmed from one simple
fact: despite his great skill as an attorney, his high intelli-
gence and his ability to trace his heritage back further than
almost any white man in the city, being black would forever
prevent him from attending the opera, having a drink at one
of the men's clubs, or riding the whites-only trolley.

Nicolai found this embittered 60-year-old perfectly suited
for his plans. He visited the lawyer one night when DuSable
was feeling especially bitter. After a brief display of the
capabilities of his small form, Nicolai convinced the distin-
guished gentleman to become his neonate. To Nicolai' s
surprise, he did not need to use his Dominate Discipline to

118 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


accomplish this. DuSable had some family in the city, but it
was a simple matter to fake his death in an apparent racist
attack.

After several months, during which time he informed
Lodin what he had done, Nicolai took DuSable to Vienna to
meet the Tremere elders. The Tremere was all DuSable had
ever hoped for. Here was true power, based solely on his
ability to use it, not on the color of his skin.

During the succeeding decades, DuSable has never ques-
tioned the morality or ethics of what he has done. He has
little interest in mortal society, though upon returning to
Chicago he did consider revenge against all he felt had
wronged him over the years. Nicolai quickly dissuaded him.
Since then, his years of tutelage with Nicolai have led him to
feel that revenge is a petty desire compared to the drive for
power that motivates most Tremere. Indeed, he feeds prima-
rily on animals, because he finds it convenient and so he will
not have to disrupt his study of Thaumaturgy. Sill, he
occasionally hunts a human for variety and, though he is
unwilling to admit it, the sheer thrill of power involved.

DuSable is the most prominent Tremere any characters
are likely to meet in the city. He runs the chantry where
Nicolai stays and is known among Tremere throughout the
nation. He still tends to follow Nicolai on most matters, but
his primary loyalty lies with the Tremere itself. Except forone
single mistake — the creation of Maldavis — he would be
completely fulfilled. Now he constantly fears that someone
will discover that it was he who created her.

During the Lupine attack on the chantry, DuSable
fought bravely and with skill, but was overwhelmed by the
werewolves. One of the shapeshifters tore off his arm and was
preparing to kill the Warlock when his own childe, Garwood
Marshall, leaped to his rescue. The werewolf met the childe
head-on and tore his head off. That moment was all DuSable
needed, and his magics, bolstered by the power of the chantry,
destroyed the remaining attackers. One did not die immedi-
ately, however, and spat a horrid ichor at DuSable. It hit his
bloody stump and stuck fast. Since then, DuSable has been
unable to regrow the limb, and seeksa ritual to counteract the
ichor.

Sire: Nicolai

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1943 (born 1883)

Apparent Age: Late 50s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Sub-
terfuge 6

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 3, Law 5, Occult 6

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1,
Thaumaturgy 6 (Lure of Flames 5, Elemental Mastery 5,
Weather Control 3, Movement of the Mind 2)

Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with
Evening's Freshness, Communicate with Kindred Sire, De-
flection of Wooden Doom, Calling the Restless Spirit, Eyes
of the Past, Illusion of Peaceful Death, Rending Sweet Earth.

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 3, Mentor 4,
Resources 5, Retainers 1, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9

Image: A tall and noble-looking man with gray-speck-
led hair and glasses. He always dresses sharply — if a bit out
of date — and carries a heavy, silver-tipped ebony walking
stick (his melee weapon). DuSable now has only one arm,
and keeps the other heavily wrapped. Should someone see
DuSable with his shirt off, she will notice that his stump is a
horrid shade of green.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak very softly unless what you're
saying is important. Then speak with the very boom of
thunder.

Haven: The chantry.

Secrets: A-

Influence: DuSable still knows the darkest secrets of
some of the most influential figures in the legal establishment
of the city. He holds the dirt on judges, lawyers and politi-
cians. From time to time he uses this information to blackmail
these individuals in pursuit of a desired aim, and sometimes
he does it simply out of spite. If the characters ever need the
heat turned off, the best person to consult is DuSable —
though his price might be high.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 119


Tracy Graves ("Erichtho")

A wave of intense interest in the occult swept through
America in the late 1800s, hitting Tracy Graves like it did
many other Americans. The writings of Shelley, Blake and
Byron did much to stimulate her curiosity, but the burgeon-
ing Theosophist movement most captured her attention. By

the time she graduated from college, she was corresponding
with a number of Theosophists in Europe and India, and
visiting numerous scholars in the Midwest.

It was not Tracy's knowledge that attracted Nicolai as
much as it was her natural beauty. He had become a vampire
well before puberty, a fact that left him with the gnawing
feeling that he had missed out on something important. His
life among the Tremere had given him little opportunity to
form any close attachments, and for the past 500 years he had
met no one he could call friend, much less lover. By 1897 he
had established himself as a force in the city and, for the first
time in his long life, began to think about enjoying himself.

He met Tracy through her father, a prominent attorney
Nicolai had Dominated to do some legal work for him.
Nicolai fell completely, hopelessly in love with the young
woman after his first glimpse of her. He informed Lodin that
he was going to create a new neonate, and then began the
process of wooing Tracy. He brought her gifts, wrote her
poems and played music outside her window. Much to his
chagrin, Tracy met his attentions with mild amusement, and
was barely flattered that this little boy — apparently the
precocious son of one of her father's clients — was so
interested in her.

Greatly embarrassed by his clumsy attempts at romance,
Nicolai decided to change tack. He appeared before her one
night as she walked home from a meeting of a small Theo-
sophical group. He spoke to her about the occult, and right
before they reached Tracy's house, gave her a brief display of
his Thaumaturgical powers. He then offered Tracy the chance
to become what he was.

Unknown to Nicolai, a key Theosophical belief is the
tole of Masters — higher beings who come to Earth in a
variety of forms to aid humanity in its advance. Tracy gladly
accepted Nicolai's offer, believing him to be one of these
Masters. Needless to say, she went almost mad with horror
when she realized that his offer had culminated in her
becoming a vampire.

Tracy's horror was paralleled by Nicolai's anger and pain
when she ran off following the transformation. He quickly
tracked her toa hiding place where she had tried to commit
suicide with one of her father's revolvers. Nicolai gave her
more blood so she could heal herself. He explained to her
what her new existence entailed, and then Dominated her to
prevent her from again attempting suicide. Then he tried to
decide what to do with her.

Finally, his reluctance to admit failure overcame his pain
and anger. He forced the young woman to travel to Vienna,
where she was to become one of the Tremere. On the journey,
however, Nicolai committed his one crime against his clan.

Tracy made a supreme effort to throw off his Dominate, and
hurled herself from the train on which they were traveling.
She would have died from her injuries had Nicolai not fed her
with his blood one more time — thus Blood Bonding her to
himself and making it impossible for the clan to do so. He
believes that so far this has gone unnoticed.

For a while he kept Tracy at the chantry, convincing
himself that she would one day come to love him. As time
passed, though, he became certain that this would never be.
Finally, 10 years later, he freed her — though he did order her
to keep herself alive and do nothing to hurt him.

She fled Chicago, and for the next 40 years roamed the
world, trying to come to grips with her new existence. She
retumed to the city after World War II, having taken the
name Erichtho (anecromancer and witch in Roman mythol-
ogy) to cloak her ties with her family, which is still prominent
in Chicago politics.

She is no closer to understanding the meaning of her
existence, but she has heard about Golconda from other
Cainites and has devoted her existence to attaining thisstate.
She has also done her best to disrupt various Tremere plots
without bringing attention to herself, and has aided Chicago's
anarchs, though generally without their knowledge.

Duringthe recentupheavals, she met and became friends
with Maldavis. The anarch's defeat was a crushing blow to
Erichtho, and she has maintained a low profile ever since.
She currently maintains a mansion in Wilmette from which
she carries on an active correspondence with occultists and
mystics across the world.

Erichtho has learned how to control some forms of
spirits. Indeed, she currently has two spirit Retainers — a
ghost like the ones in Tammy's haven (see Nosferatu, above)
and a poltergeist (treat as having a 3 rating in the Fire and

120 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Movement of the Mind aspects of Thaumaturgy, with eight
dice in its Pool). Both entities protect her haven.

She has only recently become aware of Portia's interest
in her sire, and worries about what effects it may have.
Despite her hatred of what happened to her, she is still Blood
Bound to Nicolai, and cares for him. Should she uncover
Portia's dark secrets, she would be horrified, and would do
anything to free Nicolai from the Methuselah's control —
denying the whole time that she felt any jealousy. Even now
she seeks allies who can help her track down information on
Portia.

Sire: Nicolai

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1897 (born 1875)

Apparent Age: Late teens, possibly early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Melee 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Chicago 4, Computer 4, Linguistics 5,
Occult 6

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 1, Dominate 4, Forti-
tude 1, Obfuscate 1, Thaumaturgy 4 (Spirit Thaumaturgy 4,
Lure of Flames 3, Movement of the Mind 2)

Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with
Evening's Freshness, Communicate with Kindred Sire, De-

New Rituals

Calling the Restless Spirit (Level Two Ritual): This
ritual allows the caster to speak with someone who has
died. Successful casting requires an Intelligence + Occult
roll (difficulty is the target's Willpower); the caster needs
two successes. This ritual must be cast within 10 feet of
the corpse. If the caster attempts to communicate with a
ghost, she does not have to be near the body but must be
in the area the ghost haunts. This spell does not affect
vampires unless they have been destroyed.

Eyes of the Past (Level Three Ritual): This ritual
shows what happened in the caster's present location at
aspecific time in the past, up to five years ago. The caster
can see what happened in the past as if she had been
standing where she is now.

Illusion of Peaceful Death (Level Three Ritual):
This ritual heals obvious wounds on a corpse, causing a
body to appear as though it died a natural death. While
it does not add blood to a corpse, this ritual reduces the
chance that anyone will notice how much is gone. The
body must still have at least half its original blood for this
ritual to succeed. The caster must "dust" the body with a
white feather.

Gentle Mind (Level Three Ritual): This ritual
grants the target four extra Willpower points usable only
for preventing frenzy. The caster and target must share a
Blood Point, keepinga Tremere from casting this spell on
himself.

The Unseen Change (Level Three Ritual): This
ritual affects an area delineated by wolf's blood poured
from a silver jug. From then on, any Lupine who enters
the area will automatically change to Lupus (full-wolf)
form unless she makes a successful Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 9).

Innocence of the Child's Heart (Level Four Ritual):
This ritual masks the vampire from the Auspex power of

Aura Perception. Any who use that power on the caster
will perceive a white aura, untainted by any signs of
vampirism. A toy that once belonged to a mortal child
must be carried with the caster while the spell is in effect.
Nicolai invented this ritual and is extremely proud of it.
He has not yet demonstrated it to any other Tremere; he
hopes to spring it on the clan at a particularly dramatic
moment.

Rending Sweet Earth (Level Four Ritual): This
ritual opens a 10-foot by 10-foot chasm leading to the
subterranean resting place of a vampire in an Earth
Melded state. The ritual automatically awakens the tar-
get Cainite if she is asleep, but will not do so if she is in
torpor. The ritual must be castat the exact spot where the
vampire entered the earth, and the caster must repeatedly
strike the ground with a leather whip.

Protean Curse (Level Four Ritual): This ritual turns
the target into a bat as per the fourth level of the Protean
Discipline. The target must drink a vial of blood from a
rabid vampire bat. The ritual may be cast on Kindred or
kine, and the target will only turn back to human form
when the spell is again cast on her.

Sands of Time (Level Six Ritual): The caster must
enchant a marble bow! full of white sand and glass shards
in a five-hour ritual. At the end of this time he rolls
Dexterity + Occult (difficulty 7). Provided the ritual was
successful, the sands will mystically slow anyone upon
whom they are sprinkled. It takes the target a number of
turns equal to the successes of the casting to take one
action. Thus, if the caster rolled five successes on the
ritual, its target could only take one action every five
turns. Note that Celerity can partially or fully negate this
effect; if the target in the last example had two points of
Celerity, she could take an action every three turns,
though at the cost of two Blood Points.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 121


flection of Wooden Doom, Calling the Restless Spirit, Gentle
Mind. Erichtho also knows some non-Tremere magic (give
her additional powers as you feel they are needed — for
instance, the ability to cause people to hallucinate).

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 3, Re-
tainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Humanity: 10

Willpower: 9

Image: A very pretty, full-figured brunette. She has
green eyes and fair, lightly freckled skin

Roleplaying Hints: Smile a lot but say little. When you
do speak, try to make the statement as innocuous as possible.

Haven: A condominium in north Chicago.

Secrets: B+

Influence: She has more contact with the magi of the
world than any other vampire in Chicago — perhaps even in
North America. Most Tremere avoid any contact with those
they call "of the Old Order," but Erichtho has never really
considered herself a Tremere and certainly does not consider
herself under "their" restrictions. In time of great need she
may be able to call upon these distant correspondents, who
have so much more power than she could ever imagine. Some
are wizards of great power — by no means charlatans or
amateurs —and if they believed her to be in true danger they
would come to her aid. They might be surprised that she is of
the Damned, but they would help her. This is her trump card,
and the irony is that she does not realize that she holds it.

Ublo-Satha

Ublo-Satha retains no memories of the time before she
served the Tremere; no memories of a time when she was not
a Gargoyle. For centuries she has served her masters faith-
fully, doing their bidding as best she could. At first she was
little more than a guard, but the Tremere soon realized they
were wasting her abilities and intelligence.

It was one of the Inner Seven who first noticed Ublo-
Satha was smarter and more cunning than the average
Gargoyle. At first he took advantage of the situation by
making her his personal bodyguard. Soon he was using heron
a wide variety of missions, including scouting, training and
even diplomatic assignments.

Recently he sent her to Chicago, for he fears Nicolai
does not always act in the best interests of the clan. In fact,
Ublo-Satha herself suggested that she go to "help protect"
the chantry. While there, she could study Nicolai and the
other Tremere, decide if the clan had indeed lost significant
opportunities there, and make recommendations to hermen-
tor.

Unknown to even the Tremere, Ublo-Satha does have
a past. Before becoming one of the original vampires used by
the Tremere to create the Gargoyle bloodline, she had
wandered across Europe. Once, during her travels, she en-
countered an ancient Brujah, who implanted a hypnotic

suggestion so deeply in her mind that itsurvived the Tremere
transformation. The suggestion would enable the Brujah to
summon her from anywhere, at any time, and compel her to
return to him for further orders.

Now Menele has sent his command, and she has come
to Chicago to do his bidding. For now, he has ordered her to
protect the Tremere, and to keep him informed about their
activities. This may change at any time, and he may soon
have Ublo-Satha take a more active role in the city's wars.

Sire: Harlequin

Bloodline: Gargoyle

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 963 (her original vampiric form)

Apparent Age: Unclear

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Intimidation 3, Subter-
fuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 1, Melee 2, Security 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Occult 2, Politics 2,
Tremere Lore 4

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4, Obfus-
cate 2, Potence 5, Thaumaturgy 2 (Movement of the Mind 2),
Visceratika 5

Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with
Morning's Freshness

Backgrounds: Mentor 6
Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Humanity: 4 Image: Extremely rocky, with large bumps, crags and

Willpower: 8 crevices all over her body. She generally wears no clothes —
Notes: Ublo-Satha's Visceratika makesitalmostimpos- not that doing so makes much difference.
sible to damage her. Even fire has little effect on her. Roleplaying Hints: You talk in whispers, and generally
Additionally, she can meld with rock, change colortomatch —_ from the cover of the shadows. Refer any questions to
hersurroundings, and detect anyone or anything in whatever DuSable.
building she inhabits. Finally, her wings allow her to fly at up Haven: The chantry.
to 30 mph. Secrets: B

; Influence: None.

TREMERE

Nicolai ti)

DuSable (7th) Eri 9 (7th)

Marshall ©)

D = Disappeared

Chapter Four: The Kindred 123

Chicago's Ventrue still manage to presenta united front,
but everyone knows it to be a facade. The clan leader, Prince
Lodin, is dead, and no one has appeared to take his place. The
remaining members of this clan are jockeying for position,
and their political maneuverings could turn violent at any
moment. Two of them, Ballard and Capone, are considered
among the most likely residents of Chicago to become prince,
but their feuding may well nullify their efforts. Should the
Ventrue somehow unite, they could command the city. Such
an outcome, however, is extremely unlikely.

Horatio Ballard

The years following the American Civil War — the
"Gilded Age" — proved to be boom times for the nation's
industrial barons, if not for the country as a whole. This era
hosted the rise of the Vanderbilts and Rockefellers. Wealthy
financiers robbed the government of millions of dollars with
railroad contracts, speculation in public lands and a host of
other enterprises. Chicago joined the thievery a little late,
but its position as the principal city of the Midwest and the
gateway to the West put local businessmen in a strong
position to steal and pilfer from public and corporate coffers.

None of the city's financial cutthroats could compare
with Horatio Ballard for pure ruthlessness and guile. His lust
for money and power was only matched by his appetite for
huge quantities of gourmet food. The son of an Albany
businessman and legislator, Ballard moved to Chicago during
the Civil War to join an uncle who was selling meat to the
Union Army. Ballard proved supremely gifted in finding the
cheapest, most pitiful steer and horseflesh and getting the
government to pay top dollar for it.

He and his uncle used their profits to invest heavily in
land that railroad men told them would be used for the
country's growing transportation network. They also started
a construction company that charged the highest prices for
the shoddiest work, and dabbled in the stock market, where
they learned the fine art of creating dummy corporations and
selling worthless stock to incautious investors. By 1871,
Ballard and his uncle were worth millions.

Then came the Great Fire. Ballard and his uncle were
engaged in one of their epic late-night suppers when they
heard screams in the streets. They rushed out of their man-
sion just as it burst into flames. Accounts differ as to what

happened during that mad flight. According to Ballard, his
uncle stopped to rescue a favorite pet Pekingese and was
crushed by a falling beam. Other witnesses claimed to have
seen Ballard strike the older man down from behind with a
heavy cane, and leave him for the growing flames. One
witness disappeared and the other changed her story, so the
police never investigated the case. Shortly thereafter, the
son-in-law of the local ward boss became vice-president of
the construction company.

Upon his uncle's death, Ballard found himself in sole
possession of one of Chicago's largest construction compa-
nies and positioned as one of the city's wealthiest and most
influential citizens. Rebuilding after the fire made him richer
still, and his investments soon spanned the nation's financial
structure. Ballard had never married, and to all appearances
his main interests other than money were the incredible
banquets he threw for himself. Twelve-course meals, includ-
ing numerous desserts, massive quantities of beef and gallons
of liquor, became the rule.

Still, it came as a shock to Ballard when he suffered his
first heart attack. Horrified by this indication of his own
mortality, Ballard spent huge sums on legitimate medical

124 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


research. When a second attack followed, he began shower-
ing gold on any quack who offered him some hope of
continued health. Desperate as he was, though, even Ballard
was skeptical of the scruffy little man who came to him with
tales of immortal vampires.

He became less skeptical when the little man presented
him with an immobile, staked human corpse with skin as
hard as stone, which he claimed to have found near dawn on
arooftop. Ballard bought the staked creature for $5,000 and
pondered his next move for more than a month. Finally, one
night ina locked basement, equipped with cross, rosaries and
garlic, and supported by a dozen armed private detectives
who had been well paid for their silence, Ballard removed the
stake.

The creature collapsed on the floor and could barely
moan out its entreaty for blood. Ballard pricked his own
finger and let a few drops dribble into its mouth. More,
Ballard told it, would depend on its cooperation. His guards
bound the creature with handcuffs and chains, and man and
vampire spent the rest of the night in deep conversation.
Come the dawn Ballard left the room pale and weak, drained
of much of his blood but possessed of an understanding of the
nature of vampires and their role in the city.

He replaced the stake in his captive's heart, and during
the day he sought Lodin, whom his prisoner said had just
become prince of the city. According to the creature, this
Lodin had staked it and left it to die in the sunlight for its
support of the previous prince. Accompanied by several of
Pinkerton's finest, Ballard entered Lodin's haven.

That night, Lodin awoke to find a monstrously huge man
sitting next to him, holding a stake poised over his heart.
Surrounding him were mortals with revolvers and shotguns
ready. Ballard told Lodin that the prince's only hope for
survival was to make Ballard himself a vampire. Lodin's
laughter shocked Ballard. Before the financier could react,
his 600-pound form flew across the room and crashed against
a wall. By the time he had recovered, he saw Lodin sucking
the blood from the last of his guards While the vampire's suit
was ruined by numerous blasts from shotguns and revolvers,
Lodin himself seemed uninjured.

Lodin threw the guard's corpse aside and advanced on
Ballard. As death strode toward him, Ballard utterly lost
control of himself. Crying and screaming, he begged Lodin
not to kill him, offering the prince money, blood, power —
anything to let him live. It took him several minutes to
realize the vampire had stopped moving, and was regarding
him thoughtfully.

Lodin had realized who the intruder was, and had begun
to consider his options. He realized he needed help in
controlling the growing city, and the idea of making this
massive fiscal pirate his lackey appealed to his aristocratic
side. Laughing, he informed Ballard that this was indeed his

lucky night. Unwilling to search for a neck beneath the
mortal's various chins, Lodin bit into Ballard's fleshy wrist
and drank deeply.

When the transformation was over, Lodin told the
neonate of his plans for him. In exchange for eternal life and
a prominent position as Lodin's lieutenant, Ballard would
guarantee the prince enough money and power to meet every
contingency. Ballard's first job was to slay his staked prisoner,
who had violated the Masquerade.

Over the next several years Ballard served Lodin well, as
much out of fear as loyalty. Each time Lodin demanded
money — any amount, however large — he had to provide it
immediately. For truly immense sums, Lodin sometimes
permitted Ballard three days. It was not easy, but over the
years, as Ballard's wealth and control over the business world
grew, it became easier. Then came the rise of Modius, and for
the first time Ballard saw fear in his overlord's eyes. As the
anarchs came closer to overthrowing Lodin, Ballard realized
that only his work and his control of the city's business leaders
kept them from succeeding. His fear of the prince turned into
disdain, and by the time Modius was defeated he had begun
to consider making his own bid for power.

He stopped considering when he realized that some of
the elders who met in Elysium were actually the primogen.
Ballard had suspected the presence of a power behind Lodin,
but he had never imagined it to be of such magnitude. The
knowledge that the primogen now supported Lodin as prince
(though some of its members did so grudgingly) left Ballard
resigned to his status as lieutenant — for the present.

This did not stop him from trying to expand his author-
ity. His knowledge of the nation's financial networks and the
influence of his extended family left him in a solid position
to extend the empire he had built in his breathing days. He
took responsibility for destroying Gary's economy after Modius
moved there, shifting investments away from the city and
Dominating business leaders into incompetence. His ma-
nipulations have kept favored Cainites wealthy and content
while punishing those out of favor, Kindred and kine alike.
Most vampires now regard him as one of the major powers in
the city.

Lodin's death has left Ballard coveting the princedom
even more, but he knows he has to move with care. He has
made a large number of enemies, including anarchs, elders
and other members of Lodin's brood. He is considering
supporting someone else for the princedom — some incom-
petent neonate — so that when that Lick fails, he can stage
a coup and seize the city for himself.

Ballard's mortal family is one of his greatest assets. Its
members have roles in all aspects of the city and state, and
some have gained national prominence — with Great-Uncle
Ballard's support, of course. However, his family could also
prove to be his greatest weakness. Part of the reason he has

Chapter Four: The Kindred 125


kept its members so heavily Dominated over the years is that
he can only feed on the children of his family. All the
children must spend at least one week a year with him when
they are about eight or nine; during this time they are forced
to adapt to his sleep cycle and serve him as vessels.

Ballard is able to ingest and hold massive amounts of
food. While most Kindred immediately regurgitate upon the
slightest intake of food or drink, Ballard can shovel it down
in massive quantities and hold it for days thanks to his great
Willpower and constant practice. Indeed, he still achieves
great pleasure from eating, and enjoys the fact that it tends to
disgust other Kindred.

Sire: Lodin

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1881 (born 1832)

Apparent Age: 50s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance |

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 1, Brawl 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 2,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Chicago 4, Finance 5,
Industry 5, Law 3, Politics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 5, Fortitude 4, Po-
tence 2, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Influence 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 0, Courage 0

Humanity: 0

Willpower: 10

Image: A balding, grotesquely obese Caucasian. Rolls of
flesh hang off him; he looks like a parody of a Chinese Buddha
in a tent-sized business suit.

Roleplaying Hints: One of your greatest assets is the
ability to unsettle anyone whom you meet, leaving the person
ill at ease. Arrange your meetings in such a way that they
leave the other party at a disadvantage. Always seek the
upper hand in your dealings.

Haven: A heavily guarded family estate on the north
shore of Lake Michigan.

Secrets: B

Influence: Ballard controls most of Chicago's white-
collar businesses as well as its industry, and has a great deal of
influence over the law firms and bankers He rules Chicago
business as if it were one giant corporation owned by himself,
granting the presidencies of companies to his favorites or the
children of his favorites. He does not attempt to dictate the
policy of each company, but is able to effect almost any
change he desires.

126 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Alan Sovereign

Alan Sovereign made his first million in questionable
mortgages and loans to Gls returning from World War II. He
made more money through the government's home loan
program for the soldiers than he did through his own efforts.
In the 1950s he became president of a small bank in south
Chicago, and became richer by using the bank's money to buy
up land that bribed public officials told him would be used by
the growing public transportation system. With these profits
he began investing in the stock market. No one could say he
played the stock market, because that would imply an ele-
ment of chance. Sovereign was a master of acquiring inside
information.

Forall his millions, Sovereign was helpless when the IRS.
caught up with him. Jailed for a year and fined more than two
million dollars for tax evasion, Sovereign left prison a bitter
and broken man.

On his first night out of jail, a strange, obese man visited,
promising revenge if Sovereign would do as he was told. The
fat man gave him $750,000 to invest, at a handsome fee.

Sovereign still had his old contacts; these, combined
with his lack of scruples, were all he needed to double that
$750,000 within a short time. Ballard was quite pleased with
the results, gave his blood to the man for the first time, and
put him incontrol of substantial assets. For the next five years
Sovereign was happy with the arrangement, and this knowl-
edgeable and able servant helped make Ballard even more
wealthy than he already was. However, neither one had
forgotten Ballard's promise of revenge. When Ballard finally
obtained permission from the suspicious Lodin, he happily
turned the banker into his lieutenant. His lieutenant then
turned several IRS agents into missing persons. Even now, he
feeds exclusively on IRS agents, other government financial
lackeys and financiers.


Sovereign is Ballard's primary advisor on all things fiscal,
and is especially critical to his control of the city's economy.
During Maldavis' attempt to gain power, Sovereign was
instrumental in breaking some of her mortal Allies. During
that time he also heard that killing an older vampire and
drinking its blood could make one more powerful. Actually,
the story as he heard it was that one must kill one's sire. He
intends to take that step as soon as it is feasible.

Sire: Horatio Ballard

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1959 (born 1903)

Apparent Age: 50s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Athletics 1, Dodge 1, Intimidation 3, Leader-
ship 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Melee 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 2, Finance 5,
Investigation 1, Law 2, Occult 1

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 2, Potence 1, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Influence 2, Re-
sources 4, Retainers 3, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: Sovereign has taken to practicing with a sharp
wooden sword in preparation for the day he slays his sire.

Image: A weasel-faced man with sharp, pinched features
and keen gray eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: Squint when you talk to the players,
as though you are trying to look into their hearts.

Haven: A house in Evanston.

Secrets: B-

Influence: Sovereign holds tight personal control over
the banking industry, and as Ballard's chief advisor has access
to almost every aspect of Chicago business. If he were ever
able to kill Ballard, however, he could not simply assume his
master's control over business; it would take him many years
to build up the same level of control.

Capone

In the early 1920s, Al Capone assumed control of crime
in Chicago, including the city's very lucrative illegal alcohol
trade. Soon thereafter, without any vampiric help, he seized
almost total control of the city as a whole. At first Lodin did
little to stop Capone, finding "the little Italian" quite amus-
ing; the prince merely ensured that no others of his kind
attempted to control the Mafia boss. Lodin did exert some
control over the mob itself, and used its power to expand his

own influence in the city. When he finally tired of the
violence of mob rule, he arranged for Capone to be jailed in
Atlanta for tax evasion, thus restoring some measure of calm
to the city.

Shortly after the gangster finished his jail term, he
received a visitor. The prince of vampires made the deposed
prince of the mob an offer he couldn't refuse: eternal life, his
old power and more, in exchange for loyalty to Lodin.
Capone, who had lost much of his pull in the mob, jumped at
the chance.

That night he became a vampire, and the next night he
began visiting the city's mob bosses. One after another, the
capi found it in their best interests to accept the leadership of
their strangely transformed chieftain. With his newfound
abilities of both physical and verbal persuasion, Capone
forged the mobs into a united front never before seen in the
city. This mob was far more secretive and influential than
ever before. Over the years, Capone extended his tentacles
furtherand further, until he controlled almost every aspect of
crime in the city.

At first he followed Lodin's commands without ques-
tion, using his followers to battle the prince's mortal and
immortal foes. However, his old lust for power began to grow
once again, rising to new heights as he discovered the full
potential of his new abilities. He began to expand his influ-
ence among legitimate businesses, just as the syndicates
began laundering the money in legal enterprises. This brought
him into conflict with Ballard, who regarded Capone's fiscal
manipulations as trespassing in his own domain.

The two clashed in the early 1960s when Ballard at-
tempted to weaken the hold the mob had over the local
political scene. A subtle, unseen but very deadly war began
between them, one that not even many Kindred knew about.
The vampires fought each other with sabotage and economic
blackmail. Their feud grew to the point that mobsters and

Chapter Four: The Kindred


police were battling in the streets of Chicago, their own fights
a reflection of the greater war, and the media began digging
for stories. Finally, the primogen ordered Lodin to mediate
the growing dispute. His final decision pleased no one but
himself, and gave neither lieutenant what they wanted. The
prince took away the police from Capone and the city
government from Ballard, and assumed control of them
himself. He created a second brood to help him administer
and control these areas of influence.

Capone has long been a staunch foe of the anarchs, but
the Kindred say he reserves his hatred for his archenemy.
Indeed, rumor has it he would support the anarchs if they
could help him destroy Ballard.

Even stranger rumors have begun to surface. For many
years, the Kindred have feared and distrusted Capone be-
cause of his mortal reputation, but now some say that he has
changed. They say he has begun to act with conscience and
restraint, and that he has even begun to search for Golconda.
Reportedly, one anarch brought before him for discipline was
asked a number of questions about Golconda, and was told he
would be extinguished if he ever told anyone about the
conversation; that anarch has not beenseen recently. Though
this story of howa mob boss might seek Golconda is amusing,
it is more likely fabrication than truth.

Capone believes he would make a good prince, but is not
sure he wants the position. He hasstarted traveling the world,
and has become fascinated with much of what he has seen.
Still, he cannot abide the thought of Ballard taking over, and
will become involved in the race for power if his nemesis
does.

Capone feeds on beautiful, black-eyed, pure-blooded
Italian women. He has even taken to flying them in from the
"home country" to ensure a steady supply.

Sire: Lodin

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1941 (born 1891)

Apparent Age: 40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 5, Leadership 5, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 5, Melee 4, Security 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Chicago 5, Finance 2, Investigation 3, Law 2,
Organized Crime 4, Politics 2

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Dominate 4, Fortitude 4, Po-
tence 2, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Fame 1, Herd 3,
Influence 2, Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Notes: Capone always has a number of bodyguards
around, and can summon an army of mafiosi if need be. In
combat situations, Capone prefers his old Tommy gun and
baseball bats, but he usually leaves the messy work to his
Retainers.

Image: Think of an ugly man with a certain ruthless
handsomeness despite his pockmarked, snarling face. Better
yet, get an actual photograph and show it to the players.

Roleplaying Hints: After having watched the plethora
of Hollywood movies glorifying your mortal deeds, you have
come to believe their image of you. You have a more "Holly-
wood Italian" accent than you did during life and speak with
the exuberance people say you did.

Haven: A vault beneath a small Italian restaurant in the
middle of the Rack.

Secrets: B+

Influence: Capone totally controls the Chicago Mafia
and wields substantial control over the other organized crime
groups, including the Oriental triads and even some of the
Colombian and Jamaican syndicates. However, he has ig-
nored the rising black gangs and has nowhere near the
influence among them that Kevin Jackson (below) does.
Nevertheless, he is the crime boss of Chicago and is easily the
equal of Ballard, who controls legitimate business. Just as he
once controlled alcohol during Prohibition, he now controls
drugs — though not as completely. He also controls the
numbers racket, the gambling cruises run on Lake Michigan,
much of the Rack, a large number of brothels and bars, and
an even larger quantity of muscle. In short, Capone controls
every aspect of crime in the city. He is an extremely powerful
vampire, and a very dangerous one to cross.

Jacob Schumpeter

Jacob Schumpeter had everything he could want: a seat
onthe Chicago Board of Trade, a subservient wife to beat and
cheat on, two daughters to ignore or abuse, and a nice home
in the suburbs to avoid. With all of these wonderful posses-
sions, he could not understand why he was unhappy. The
more this question bothered him, the more unhappy he
became, and the more often he took out his frustrations on his
family. Soon his wife had left and filed for divorce, taking the
children with her. The daughters' teachers and social workers
had just begun to take an interest in the bruises the girls were
sporting at school when Lodin contacted him.

In putting together his second brood, the prince had
decided he needed someone other than Ballard to help him
control the city's economy. Schumpeter had made his way
through the ranks of Chicago's business elite rather quickly,
and Lodin decided that this man would do admirably. He told
Schumpeter of the life that lay open to him and Schumpeter
jumped at the chance. That night, after Schumpeter com-
pleted the Change, he made his way to the house where his

128 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


wife was staying. He attacked her as she prepared for bed. He
taunted her as he held her high over his head. Then, dashing
her head against the wall, he began to lap at her blood.

Schumpeter was so flushed with the thrill of his new
power that he did not even notice when his two daughters
entered the room. He first realized he was not alone when the
younger one brought a baseball bat down on his head.
Schumpeter recovered quickly thanks to the blood he had
just drunk and, in a frenzy, attacked his two children. To-
gether the two girls managed to escape out the door and into
a passing taxi.

While Lodin was upset at this breach of the Masquerade,
he pardoned his neonate in the hope of using Schumpeter's
economic knowledge. Unfortunately, there was one secret
that Lodin had not discovered while monitoring Schumpeter
— his rise to power in the mortal world came via favors given
by his powerful father and father-in-law, not through any
ability of his own. Lodin was much chagrined when he
discovered Schumpeter was no match for Ballard and his
lieutenants. Indeed, Ballard delighted in asking Schumpeter
for advice and then showing the numerous flaws in the
younger vampire's suggestions.

Schumpeter quickly found his unlife among the Kindred
even more frustrating than his life among mortals. Once
again, he has taken to relieving his frustrations by beating
women, and he only feeds on abused, beaten females. He has
managed to capture his older daughter and add her to his
Herd, but he has not been able to find his younger one. What
he does not know is that after she met Detective Gregory
Stephens, who investigated Schumpeter's wife's murder, she
became a vampire hunter and now has several kills to her
credit. She is starting with the small fry until she gets the hang
of it, and then she's going after her father.

Blissfully unaware of his danger, Schumpeter has begun.
planning his own bid to become prince. He feels sure that if
he ruled the city, he could punish everyone who made either
his life or his unlife so torturous. Knowing he lacks the other
candidates' raw power (though ignorant of just how inferior
he really is), he is willing to make any deal with anyone to
advance his own cause.

Sire: Lodin

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Plotter

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1981 (born 1939)

Apparent Age: 40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Brawl 1, Intimidation 2, Leadership 1,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 2, Law 1

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Influence 3, Resources 3,
Retainers 4, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 0, Courage 2

Humanity: 0

Willpower: 6

Notes: Schumpeter has recently created a number of
ghoul Retainers, big bruisers all, who serve as his bodyguards.

Image: A middle-aged, bearded Caucasian male. He
dresses in conservative suits made to fit his hefty frame.

Roleplaying Hints: You try to make up for your inad-
equacies by showing off. Be boastful and irritating, but shut
up if someone more powerful is around.

Haven: A condominium in south Chicago.

Secrets: B-

Influence: Schumpeter now exerts some control over
the Chicago Board of Trade and has managed to develop an
iron grip over some of the city's commodities and futures
markets. Thus, he has some control over how the millions of
dollars changing hands each day are employed. It is techni-
cally feasible for him to help send America's economy into a
depression, or to destroy certain elements — suchas the steel
industry. Since Ballard still maintains a grip on local business
and industry, Schumpeter has set his sights on the markets
and exchanges — the lifeblood of Chicago.

Kevin Jackson

For as long as Kevin could remember, the Bloods had
been a part of his life. Both of his older brothers had been in
the gang, and Kevin grew up with an undying hatred of the
Crips, the Ebony Playboys, and any gang other than the
Bloods. Thanks to the help of his two brothers, one of whom
had moved to Los Angeles and become a leader among the
Bloods there, Kevin's rise in the Chicago branch was swift

Chapter Four: The Kindred 129


and dramatic. By 1984 he was one of the most powerful
Bloods in the city, running much of the city's cocaine trade
out of a housing project in Cabrini Green.

Lodin, disturbed by the rising strength of the black gangs
and the decline of the Capone-controlled mobs, decided to
bring one of the new leaders into his fold. Aftera quick review
of the local toughs, he keyed on Kevin as one who had risen
to power through the assistance of others — not too ambi-
tious, but with connections Lodin could use. He appeared
before Kevin one night and told him of his plans. Aided by
the subtle use of Dominate, Lodin convinced the young gang
leader to join his new brood.

Kevin has not kept his new existence a secret from the
other Bloods. While he often takes vitae from members of his
own gang, he prefers to feed on members of the Bloods'
traditional enemies (he can only feed on gang members). He
has consolidated his power in the gang to the point that he
is one of its most important members, with influence across
the United States and into Central and South America. He
still operates out of the same housing project, but it is now
completely controlled by his gang.

When Maldavis challenged Lodin, the prince was afraid
Kevin would side with her. Kevin quickly saw which way the
wind was blowing, however, and kept his allegiance to his
sire. Despite this, Lodin's inherent racism kept him from fully
trusting his only black neonate. Kevin realized this, and
occasionally (and very quietly) aided the anarchs.

He has turned his haven into an impregnable fortress,
with armed gang members patrolling its halls. Taking a page
from the Mafia's book, he keeps this one housing project
completely free of violent crime. Asa result, the residents are
extremely loyal to the gang.

Kevin has Embraced one of his brothers and two other
Bloods. No one else realizes this, for all of them are based in
Los Angeles — the anarch capital of the world. They have
almost completely taken over the gang by this point, and
have even greater plans for the future.

Kevin has considered making a bid for prince, knowing
that he has more muscle than any other vampire in the city,
and that he can call in more ata moment's notice. He has also
realized that the position would do little more than feed his
ego, and would prove more of an obstacle to his plans than an
aid. Still, if the time were right ...

Sire: Lodin

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1984 (born 1964)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

130

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 5, Stealth 2, Streetwise 5, Subter-
fuge 3

Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Music 1, Security 2,
Style 4

Knowledges: Chicago 4, Law 1, Poetry 3

Disciplines: Dominate 4, Fortitude 2, Presence 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Herd 5, Resources 5,
Retainers 5, Status 2

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 9

Notes: Kevin himself never carries weapons; however,
the gang members who accompany him everywhere are
always heavily armed.

Image: Kevin is always in style. Covered in gold, hair-
style changed weekly and dressed to kill, he makes a notable
figure anywhere he goes. Whenever he is with gang members
he dresses flamboyantly, but he also favors double-breasted
suits or the tucked-in polo shirt style, in the right circum-
stances.

Roleplaying Hints: Since you almost always travel with
a retinue, let them do most of the talking. When you do
speak, make it a command.

Haven: A housing project in Cabrini Green. His haven
itself is an armed fortress, with regular sentries, patrols and
checkpoints. The gang members have orders to watch for any
hint of Kindred presence. Guards listen to children's tales of
monsters and thus have a good chance of spotting someone
using Obfuscate. For special occasions, the gang has stocked
up on flamethrowers and white phosphorus grenades.

Secrets: B+


Influence: He controls the Bloods in Chicago, and has
great influence over them nationwide. Most of the drugs now
sold in Chicago have passed through his hands and he has
taken his cut out of them. There are a large number of very
well-armed gang members under his control, and if need be,
he could bring a hundred more into town on a few days'
notice. He has the best-trained, largest and most deadly
paramilitary force of any vampire in Chicago. He is highly
dangerous, and should not be provoked. A number of the
candidates for prince have sought his aid, and he may become
prince-maker, if not prince.

Joseph Peterson

By the late 1960s, Joe Peterson had become disgusted
with the liberal trends in journalism. A veteran of the most
reactionary days of the Chicago Tribune, words like objectiv-
ity and fairness were foreign to his vocabulary.

Opponents of Americaas he saw it were to be prosecuted
with every resource available, and he was a leader in the
paper's fight against the civil rights movement. When the
paper won the first of its three Pulitzer Prizes for investigative
reporting between 1971 and 1976, Peterson decided it was
time to leave. He became a media consultant, stealing ideas
from The Selling of the President 1968 to push candidates and
businesses. Unfortunately, more politicians won despite his
help than because of it. The same held true for the businesses
whose public relations campaigns he ran. During the Carter
years, he found work slacking off. He took a part-time post as
a journalism professor at Daley Community College, where
he remained in obscurity until Lodin began looking for a
lieutenant to help him control the growing threat from the
media.

The prince heard about Peterson from a state senator
who had used his services in the early 1970s and, unusually,
had nothing but praise for the consultant. When Lodin heard
him lecture, he was also impressed. Of course, it was the same
lecture Peterson had been giving for years. Several nights
later Lodin approached Peterson and, after a short demon-
stration of vampiric powers, offered him immortality. Peterson
had no reservations about accepting the Embrace. He now
prefers to be called by his full name of Joseph, comparing
himself to the biblical figure who was sold into slavery by his
brothers (how he has come to view his treatment by fellow
journalists) and became a power in Egypt.

Despite his mortal incompetence, Peterson has had
little trouble keeping media reports of the Kindred out of the
news. Recently he has become more high-handed, though he
worries that his threats, intimidation and attacks may some-
day backfire. Still, he is cocky because of his new powers and
does not worry too much. He still has connections to both the
Tribune and the Chicago Sun-Times. As the local television
stations follow the lead of the papers, Peterson has seen little
need to clamp down on them despite their recent emphasis
on local news. In fact, the only local news source that has

eluded his control is the Chicago Reader — a weekly newspa-
per which he holds in contempt — and the local college
papers.

Joseph is one of Chicago's main advocates of the Mas-
querade, and he will work with any vampire, be it anarch or
elder, to preserve it. He is also the Cainite most likely to push
forsanctions against those who blatantly violate this secrecy.
Hestill lives in southwest Chicago, near the Daley Commu-
nity College campus, and feeds exclusively on journalists.

Joseph believes his control of the media is reason enough
to make him prince, an opinion he will express to everyone
within earshot. He points out that it was only through his
efforts that the worst aspects of the Lupine attack never made
it into the press, and says there are many great things he could
do if he were prince — though if pressed he is short on
specifics. Indeed, the idea of becoming prince is so attractive
to Joseph that if it appears likely the honor will go to another,
he will threaten to break the Masquerade in a most perma-
nent way.

Sire: Lodin

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1978 (born 1938)

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 1, Intimidation 4, Leadership 1, Sub-
terfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Public Relations 4, Writing 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Investigation 3, Law 1,
Mass Media 4, Politics 3

TiMNC

‘\

Chapter Four: The Kindred 131


Disciplines: Dominate 4, Fortitude 1, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Retainers 2, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 1, Courage 3
Humanity: 3

Willpower: 8

Image: A middle-aged Caucasian male with a pocked
face and greasy brown hair.

Roleplaying Hints: You analyze anything anyone says
to you, frequently in a way that makes the speaker appear in
the worst light.

Haven: A house near Daley.

Secrets: B-

Influence: He controls the Chicago media; he can bury
a story with a single phone call or order another into high
visibility. In the modern world this is an influence far more
powerful than one might think; given time he can actually
affect the mindset of the people of Chicago, shifting their
opinions on such things as crime, politics and police brutal-
ity.

Bobby Weatherbottom
(The Hurricane)

Growing up in Cicero, Illinois, just west of Chicago,
gave Bobby Weatherbottom more than enough opportuni-
ties to form friendships. But his father bought the boy his best
friend when Bobby was eight — a computer with 4K memory

that could do almost nothing. Bobby was fascinated. By the
time he was 16, he had built numerous kit computers, written
programs covering almost every conceivable area, and begun
to fail high school. Like friends, the Boy Scouts and even his
family, school came to mean less and less as computers came
to mean more and more. His parents refused to let him drop
out of school, so when he turned 18 he had failed twice and
was sill in 10th grade.

He quit school on his birthday and moved into a dirty
apartment ina rundown part of Cicero. Despite never having
a job, Bobby had little problem paying his bills — or bill, as
it were. The rent was the only bill Bobby ever paid. The
computers at the electric company, the phone company, the
grocery deliverers and the credit card companies always
registered his bills as paid in full. Bobby's growing ability with
a computer and a modem also earned him a steady income
from a savings account manipulation scheme he ran against
Illinois' largest bank.

Now comfortably ensconced amongst his own filth, the
young computer genius happily went about building a name
for himself among hackers worldwide. No copy protection
could prevent the legendary Hurricane from copying a pro-
gram for distribution on a multitude of bulletin boards, and
lesser hackers found it fascinating trying to find the messages
he planted in heavily protected business and government
networks. Indeed, the only thing that disturbed Bobby in his

new womb washis family's refusal to have anything todowith

132 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

him unless he went to college. He stubbornly refused, under
the (correct) assumption that no college could teach him
anything about his chosen field.

Then Amanda Cersey, a ravishing brunette from one of
Chicago's oldest families, came into his life. Amanda had a
problem. "Only you can help me, Robert," she sobbed. Her
father was being blamed for embezzling money from a bank,
she said, and only Bobby could make things look right. The
computer genius quickly discovered that Amanda's father
had been allowed no opportunity to take the missing money.
Furthermore, upon tracing the funds, Bobby discovered that
the only person who could have embezzled the money was
Amanda.

He learned that Amanda also worked as an officer of the
bank, and realized that she wished to discredit her father, for
redistributing money in the way she wanted would only shift
the blame from Amanda to her father. However, Bobby was
swiftly falling in love with Amanda; he was happy to oblige,
conscience be damned. Soon Amanda was coming to him
with all sorts of problems for him to solve and corporate
espionage to commit. With his aid, she quickly rose to a top
position at the bank and put huge amounts of money into her
own accounts.

As Bobby helped her, Amanda became more and more
uncomfortable in his presence. She quickly blamed this
unease on the fact that Bobby soon knew everything about
her — an easy task given his ability with computers. She
stopped visiting him, but he stayed in contact with her via
computer messages and love notes printed on her bank
machine receipts. Amanda, becoming more and more afraid
of this seemingly omniscient, omnipotent boy, contacted a
"distant cousin" of hers who had a reputation for being able to
help with intractable problems. This "cousin" was in fact the
Toreador clan leader Annabelle Triabell.


Triabell began to study the young computer genius in
herspare time. One night, she mentioned him to Lodin while
they sat together in his box at the opera. The prince became
fascinated by the idea of a lieutenant who could control the
city's computer networks. At the time he did not understand
computers himself, but knew all too well their growing
importance in society.

In the meantime, Bobby had made the most difficult
move of his life. He had left his comfortable little apartment
and gone to see Amanda. He begged the beautiful young
woman to listen, and poured his heart out to her. He told her
of his loneliness, and how much she had come to mean to
him. As he told his tale of love and sorrow, of the pain of an
introverted, self-centered life, Amanda began to react posi-
tively, agreeing with much of what he said about life. For the
first time ever, they had something in common. He had
caught her at exactly the right time — her boyfriend had left
her the week before, prompting her to review her life, and she
had been horrified at her own selfishness.

As Bobby spoke, Amanda began to realize that her
discomfort stemmed from emotions just like those he was
describing. Amanda's own life had been one long struggle to
live up to the demands of an overbearing father and a jealous
mother. Feelings like love and caring were as foreign to her
as they were to the lonely young man. They were both cold
tothe reality of emotion, but had found different ways to keep
it out of their lives.

In Bobby she found a kindred spirit, the first human
being with whom she could empathize. Despite her earlier
rejections, now her heart began to warm to him. As an
experiment, she allowed herself to open up a tiny bit to the
possibility that she could love him, and soon the crack
became an opening through which a sea of repressed feelings
flowed.

Bobby was stunned to find his feelings reciprocated by
this beautiful woman. He left her condominium shortly
before dawn the next morning, dreaming of what their life
together would be like. He returned home to find the prince
of vampires waiting by his computer.

Lodin did not even take the time to explain to Bobby
what was going to happen. He gripped the young man before
Bobby could resist and, after the Embrace, Dominated the
boy into coming to his haven, where he put the computer
genius to work tracking down information on his foes. Amanda
spent the day at work thinking about her soulmate and trying
to call him on the phone. Unable to reach him, she went to
his apartment during lunch. She found the door unlocked
and blood spattered about. Horrified, but afraid to contact
the police, she ran once more to her "distant cousin."
Annabelle, with a little help from her Auspex, quickly put
one and one together.

Before contacting Lodin, she called a meeting of the
primogen and railed for almost an hour about the prince's
uncontrolled creation of neonates and his refusal to seek
permission from the primogen. It was the last straw after a

series of grievances against him. The primogen decided to
teach Lodin a lesson and began its support of Maldavis. The
ensuing battle tore the vampire community in two and led to
the destruction of several score Kindred. In the end, Lodin
came crawling back to the primogen and offered them his
loyalty.

As part of his submission, he reunited Amanda and
Bobby (thereby giving Annabelle a hold over him as well),
though he still numbered Bobby among his most valuable
lieutenants. Amanda knows of his new existence, has prom-
ised to do anything she can to help him, and confides in her
ancestor a great deal about the situation. Indeed, Bobby has
never fed from anyone else (thus, he never has more than one
Blood Point in his system), nor, at this point, can he feed from
anyone else. Annabelle protects both of them, and would
destroy anyone who hurt either.

Sire: Lodin

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1984 (born 1963)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 1, Repair 2, Security 5

Knowledges: Computer 5, Computer Hacking 5, Inves-
tigation 5, Puzzles 5

Disciplines: Dominate 1, Fortitude 2, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Fame 1, Mentor 3,
Resources 3, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 2

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 7

Image: A tall, skinny young man with glasses and
stringy, dirty blond hair. He generally dresses in old jeans and
T-shirts.

Roleplaying Hints: You don't interface as well with the
living (or the undead) as you do with computers. Talk
hesitantly and only when you must.

Haven: An apartment in Cicero (see above).

Secrets: A-

Influence: Bobby has no influence in and of himself, but
he can use his abilities to great effect, causing chaos and
destruction in nearly every sector of the city. He isa brilliant
computer hacker and can break into any system. Use your
imagination to decide what sort of influence this gives him.

Lorraine

Lorraine Matthews' family has long been a power, not
only in Chicago politics, but in Illinois, the Midwest and
occasionally on the national level as well. Indeed, though she

Chapter Four: The Kindred 133


does not know it, she is the great-great-granddaughter of
Lodin. She spent her early life happily playing on her family's
tich estates, being groomed for a life of public service and
private gain. However, her four years at Northwestern Uni-
versity changed her attitude. She became heavily involved in
both drugs and self-sacrifice while in school, and signed up to
join the Peace Corps upon graduation.

Lodin met his great-great granddaughter for the first
time at a private party right after her graduation, where he
was hunting one of her friends. He quickly changed targets to
this enchanting young woman, and engaged her in conversa-
tion. As they walked along the shore of Lake Michigan, the
Prince of Chicago found himself becoming more and more
interested in this unique young lady, who was like no one he
had ever before met (a head full of LSD was doing much to
accentuate her natural strangeness).

Instead of feeding from her and then returning her to the
party, Lodin kept on talking with her until the crack of dawn,
when he realized he had fallen in love with her. Minutes
before the sun was to rise, he told her what he was and invited
her to join him in immortality. The tripping Lorraine was
more than happy to do so. After the transformation, the pair
retired to the nearby Matthews estate to sleep. However, the
LSD now coursing through both their systems made sleep
impossible and, for the first time in more than a century,
Lodin stayed up through the day. Indeed, at his beloved's
urging, the two went outside and endured almost five seconds
of bright sunlight before rushing back to the basement.

At first, Lodin was afraid to reveal Lorraine's existence,
for in creating her he had violated his recent pledge to seek
approval from the primogen before adding to his brood.
However, he managed to extract support from a majority of
the elders, and eventually revealed her to the Kindred. He
kept her heavily Dominated until he was convinced she
really loved him, and that her attraction to him was not just
another effect of the drugs.

After deciding that she did indeed love him, he spent
every available moment with her. She would feed on the
blood of drug users and he would, in turn, feed on her blood,
an arrangement he kept very secret. She spent most of the
nights of the Lupine attack ata commune in western Illinois,
returning to find the city in ruins and her lover dead.

Lorraine has been horribly affected by Lodin's death,
and is probably the only Kindred in the city to grieve for him.
She has no idea what she will do next, but is slowly coming
to the conclusion that she must keep Lodin's "dream" alive.
The idea that Lodin had a dream would surprise many
vampires (including Lodin, were he still alive), but Lorraine
believes he wanted all Kindred to have a chance to advance
spiritually. Thus she is studying all his remaining files for
clues on how to do this. In the process, she has learned more
about the city's undead than almost anyone else.

She still feeds on drug users, preferring those who use
hallucinogens like LSD, psilocybin, MDMA (ecstasy) and
others.

Sire: Lodin

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Child

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1987 (born 1966)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Empathy 2, Leadership 1, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 2, Music 2

Knowledges: Medicine 2, Humanities 3, Politics 1

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 1, Celerity 1, Domi-
nate 3, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 1, Potence 1, Presence 2,
Protean 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Influence 2, Re-
sources 3, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 2

Humanity: 10

Willpower: 6

Image: A pretty young red-headed woman, with long,
straight hair and a faraway look in her eyes. She uses clothes
and makeup to accentuate her beauty.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak quietly and slowly. Since you
are generally flying high on something, little of what you say
makes sense.

Haven: The family estate.

Secrets: A-

Influence: Lorraine has almost all of Lodin's old files,
and knows secrets to which almost no one else has access.
Lodin also taught her all the Disciplines he knew, and was

134 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


beginning to teach her how to help him run the city, hoping
she would rule as princess alongside him. Also, her family has
some pull in mortal politics.

Edward Neally

Edward Neally served Lodin admirably as the prince's
subordinate. He was the most effective of servants until the
night he disappeared. Lodin turned the city inside out in the
search for his lieutenant, but nothing was ever uncovered.
Finally Lodin ordered the search called off and held a quiet
funeral for his aide.

Then the rumors began to surface. Neally had been seen
among the Sabbat, riding wildly through the streets of Canada.
Others placed him in the Anarch Free States, and one visitor
even claimed to have spotted Neally in Mexico. Lodin did his
best to stop these slanderous lies, but without success. Still,
Neally had never again been seen in Chicago.

Now he has retumed. Tricked into joining the Sabbat in
1991, he has lived with his pack in California until recently.
A month ago, the Sabbat bishop who had converted him
heard the Sabbat was becoming interested in Chicago. Con-
cerned that Rigaud's plans were not in the best interests of the
sect, he sent Neally back under strict orders to observe only,
and to take no action until he, the bishop, could come to the
city.

Thus Neally stays hidden, concealed from all who might
remember him. He watches the other Sabbat of the city as
much as he does the Camarilla, and uses his old knowledge to
keep abreast of much of what happens. He unconsciously
despises his condition, but can do nothing about it, thanks to
the Vaulderie. Should someone else break the Bond, he
would be eternally grateful.

Sire: Lodin

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1896 (born 1863)

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Lodin ©)

Jackson (8th)
Lorraine (8th)

Peterson (8th)
Neallly, (8th)
Ballard @t)

Thornhill ©)
Hinds (©)
Capone (8th)

Weatherbottom (th)
Drummond ©)
Schumpeter (8th)

—
Lawrence (0)

Sovereign (th)

Gaughan (©)

Chapter Four: The Kindred 135


Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Music 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 4, Law 2, Lin-
guistics 1, Occult 4, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 4, Pres-
ence 2, Vicissitude 2

Backgrounds: Mentor 3

Virtues: Callousness 1, Instincts 4, Morale 2

Humanity: 0 (he is too alienated to have developed a
Path of Enlightenment)

136 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Willpower: 6

Image: Neally is a tall, somewhat slender man, slightly
balding.

Roleplaying Hints: You are extremely paranoid about
being discovered, and will go to any lengths to avoid this.

Haven: He resides in the charred husk of a building on
the South Side.

Secrets: B+

Influence: None.


The vampires of the Sabbat are recent additions to
Chicago, but their numbers have rapidly increased. The sect
began with two scouts, greatly increased in strength during
Under a Blood Red Moon, and has now added a pack to the
city.

The Brujah Tyler was responsible for bringing the pack
to the city, believing it to be her payment to the Sabbat for
the sect's recent protection. The Sabbat leaders who assigned
itto the city know better. The pack is made up of misfits and
incompetents, and its "duty" is to make a mess of things —
eventually revealing Tyler's tie to the sect.

This is the event that the Sabbat believes will send the
city over the edge, for in the ensuing battle among the
primogen the sect hopes to move in and take over. Of course,
the Sabbat has not taken into account the Methuselahs who
teally run the show.

Note that two members of the Chicago Sabbat, Doyle
Fincher (Gangrel) and Edward Neally (Ventrue), are not
included here. They are still involved with their old clans,
either physically or emotionally, and have been left with
them.

Phillipe Rigaud

When Louis XIV, France's legendary Sun King, invaded
Holland in 1672, Phillipe Rigaud was a soldier in the light
cavalry units that scouted the area or, more commonly,
raided the area. While these soldiers did not share their king's
dislike of Calvinism, republicanism and Dutch economic
ascendancy, they did enjoy a good opportunity.

Phillipe's unit was better than most in seizing each
village in its path, carrying away whatever was portable and
destroying the rest. Its free rein over the countryside ended
when the Dutch took the extreme step of opening the dikes.
Most of Phillipe's unit died in the ensuing floods. Phillipe
himself had actually been scouting; having climbed a wind-
mill to get a better view of the area, he had the good fortune
toescape the waters. Cursing the Dutch, Phillipe prepared to
make his way back to France.

However, he and most other mortals did not know that
the European wars of the Sun King were in fact only one part
of the continent-spanning wars between the newly formed
Camarilla and the Sabbat rebels. The invasion of Holland
had been a cover by the Camarilla to try to wipe out that
northern bastion of its enemy. Phillipe discovered this one
night as he camped out in the desolate countryside. His sleep
was rudely interrupted by two crazed Sabbat vampires seeking
both blood and "recruits" to use as cannon fodder against
their foes.

Phillipe managed to empty his two pistols into the
attackers before they were on him. The sight of two creatures
unaffected by bullets was almost enough to send his fatigued
mind to the edge of madness, and when they sank their teeth
into his flesh he went over the edge. While he was uncon-
scious they looked into his mind, learned what he had been
doing for the last few weeks and judged him fit for their

purposes.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 137


When he revived, Phillipe found himself surrounded by
dirt, trapped deep under the earth. His now-vampiric mind
rebelled at this situation; in a frenzy, he clawed his way out of
the grave. He was met at the surface by one of the Sabbat's
grave-watchers, who knocked out the exhausted Phillipe and
brought him before the Sabbat council. There he was told his
new purpose in unlife: to fight the Camarilla for the rest of
eternity.

Ever the good soldier, and now a crazed soldier to boot,
Phillipe threw himself into the ensuing battles. He was part
of many mass attacks by the Black Hand against Camarilla
strongholds in southern France. During these attacks, almost
all the Sabbat died, but they invariably destroyed their
targets. The few survivors simply created more "troops" and
went off to attack another stronghold. They also drank the
blood of those they killed; this was the only guaranteed means
of survival, so they had nothing to lose.

Despite being created as cannon fodder, Phillipe has
managed to survive and prosper thanks to his military skills
and his insane obsession with destroying the Camarilla,
which he now blames for all his misfortunes. In two attacks
he was the only vampire to survive, and both times he
managed to feed on the blood of elder Cainites.

The role of the New World as a battleground between
the two forces of Kindred has allowed Phillipe to prove his
abilities over and over again. Before the Sabbat takes over a
new city, it sends a number of two-vampire teams to scout it
out and prepare the way for the eventual attack. When the
time comes, the scouts Embrace hundreds of mortals for
cannon fodder and contact the Sabbat for help in leading the
undead army. Phillipe has proved himself to be one of the
sect's most capable urban scouts, and has been involved in
almost every major Sabbat takeover in the past 200 years. He
was one of the three scouts who oversaw the takeover of New
York.

Now he has been sent on the most difficult of missions:
to pave the way for the Sabbat to take over Chicago. Over the
years, Phillipe has become fanatical about increasing his
power to the point where he could not be harmed. The only
event that could convince him to reveal himself from the
cover of his perpetual Obfuscate is the opportunity to drink
the blood of an elder.

Even during the Lupine-Sabbat attacks of Under a
Blood Red Moon, he never revealed himself to the Camarilla.
Though the attacks appeared to be on the verge of destroying
his enemies, he stayed hidden, working through intermediar-
ies and acting under the orders of a New York bishop, who is
the leader of his current pack.

Sire: Henri

Clan: Gangrel antitribu

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1673 (born 1650)

138 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Apparent Age: 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 5,
Dodge 6, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Stealth 5, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Blind Fighting 3, Body Alteration 2, Firearms 3,
Melee 4, Security 3, Stealth 6, Survival 4

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 4, Chicago 4, Investiga-
tion 4, Linguistics 4, Occult 2, Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 3,
Sewer Lore 1

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Domi-
nate 4, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 5, Obtenebration 4, Potence
2, Protean 4, Vicissitude 2

Backgrounds: Black Hand Membership 3, Sabbat Sta-
tus 3

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 4, Morale 5

Path of Honorable Accord: 9

Willpower: 10

Image: Tall and slim, with black hair and a trim mus-
tache. Dresses in black.

Roleplaying Hints: Avoid contact at all costs, and
when itis forced upon you pretend to be someone else. Under
no circumstance should you ever reveal your true self to
anyone.

Haven: A deserted old hotel in south Chicago. At one
time it sheltered numerous homeless; these hapless souls
became the Sabbat's first victims.

Secrets: A-

Influence: Little tonone—yet. When the time is right,
however, he is prepared to create a whole new batch of
Sabbat vampires in Chicago. In a span of a month or so the
Chicago Sabbat will be able to create 20 to 30 new Kindred,
and a month after that the number will approximately
double. Creating such numbers of Kindred has always been
the way for the Sabbat, and throwing such cannon fodder at
the Camarilla has been the only way to overthrow its rule.

Wendy Wade

From birth, Wendy Wade was groomed for a position of
power. The only child of one of Baltimore's most successful
corporate lawyers, she attended the finest prep schools on the
East Coast and eventually earned her law degree from Co-
lumbia University, graduating at the top of her class in 1978
(a truly remarkable feat for one so young). She went to work
for one of Wall Street's most prestigious law firms and soon
made her mark during the merger and acquisition frenzy that
gripped businesses during the Reagan era. She was a dynamic,
energetic and ruthless attorney; people who met her knew
she was marked for great things as a lawyer. Then she made
the mistake of walking home late from a neighborhood fern
bar.


The Sabbat was preparing to expand its grip on the
United States, and several members of the sect were out
seeking converts. They saw Wendy making her way home
and ambushed her in the lobby of her apartment building.
They knocked her out, dragged her into their waiting van and
drove into the night.

When she regained consciousness, she found herself in
the dark, unable to move, with dirt in her mouth, nose and
eyes. She also became aware of great changes going on within
her body. Without knowing exactly what she was doing, she
began expending Blood Points. With the phenomenal
strength now available to her, she slowly managed to force
her way through the earth. After an hour of agonizing effort,
she reached the surface. The grave-watchers, who were used
to seeing vampires rise in a frenzy if they rose at all, were
amazed to see Wendy burst from the earth as sane and
rational as a neonate could be. They took her back to the
Sabbat council, and introduced her to her new life.

Wendy has been a great success among her new family.
The sect has found her to bea quick learner, a keen observer
and a natural tactician. Several Sabbat elders have begun to
groom her for greatness, and have assigned a number of the
Black Hand's foremost members to show her the ropes. This
is why she has been assigned alongside one of the Sabbat's
best scouts as part of the first scouting party to Chicago.

Wendy is still deeply in love with her own invulnerabil-
ity and tends to be overconfident. She approves of the
Sabbat's position with regard to mortals, and dislikes having
to hide her "superiority." Phillipe fears that this makes her
more likely to let the Sabbat presence become known. She
has learned that she can increase her power by feeding from
an elder, and is on the lookout for an opportunity. Since she
is 12th generation, almost any Kindred will do.

Sire: Carl

Clan: Tzimisce

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Plotter

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1986 (born 1956)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Body Alteration 1, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Camarilla Lore 1, Investi-
gation 2, Law 4, Politics 2

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 1, Obfuscate 2, Presence 4, Protean 3, Vicissitude 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Sabbat Status 2

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 3, Courage 3

Path of Power and the Inner Voice: 6

Willpower: 10

Notes: Vicissitude allows Wendy to make minor changes
in her appearance and craft the flesh of herself and others.

Image: An attractive, very businesslike woman. Her
brown hair is cut short and she still has a preference for power
suits.

Roleplaying Hints: If you are drawn intoa conversation
about the Kindred, become adamant in pushing for the
Sabbat's side. Try to convince the characters that your way
is right. Then, if they are of lower generation than you, kill
them and drink their blood.

Haven: An abandoned hotel in south Chicago (See
Phillipe, above).

Secrets: B

Influence: None.

The Nomad Pack

Cameron

Cameron knows he was a loser as a mortal. Small,
scrawny and prone toall sorts of real and imaginary maladies,
he had few associates and even fewer friends. Left alone, he
probably would have eventually died an uneventful, boring
death. The Sabbat ensured this was not the case.

In need of recruits, a New York pack grabbed him one
night and sent him through the sect's horrible Creation
Rites. Somehow he managed to dig his way out of his grave,
arising at the surface maddened by the lust for existence —
much to thesurprise of his captors, who had not expected him
to survive.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 139


Cameron has also surprised other Sabbat by surviving
everything the world of darkness can throw at him, up to and
including the destruction of his original pack in Pennsylva-
nia. Returning to New York, he was given command of a
number of brand-new recruits and told to head to Chicago,
where he would come under the command of a Brujah named
Tyler.

Sire: Molita

Clan: Lasombra

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1984 (born 1952)

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Leadership 1, Panhandling 1, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Occult 3,
Sabbat Lore 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Obtenebration 4,
Potence 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Herd 1, Sabbat Status 1

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 2, Morale 1

Path of Power and the Inner Voice: 5

Willpower: 6

Notes: The Obtenebration Discipline allows Cameron
to manipulate the darkness. He can control shadows, create
darkness, evoke shadowy illusions and even cause arms to
attack from the shadows.

Image: A thin and stooped little man. Cameron prefers
old suits and wide ties.

Roleplaying Hints: Unused to the burdens of leader-
ship, youare afraid to take any steps without Tyler'scommand.
The other members of your pack are already beginning to
look down on you for your hesitancy, and you are petrified at
the thought of what might happen should you fail as pack
leader.

Haven: Anabandoned apartment building in Lombard,
near O'Hare.

Secrets: B-

Influence: Cameron may be considered expendable by
the Sabbat hierarchy, but he is still a priest of the sect, and
commands some respect — though not much. If he called for
help, some might come. For now, though, he must rely on
Tyler for assistance.

Lolita Houston

Lolita's mortal life wasn't much — orphaned at birth,
adopted by a family that abandoned her eight years later,
shunted from one set of foster parents to the next — so she
swore her unlife would go much better. For her, the Sabbat
has actually been a relief from the struggle she went through
during life.

Her assignment to Chicago is her first chance to prove
herself, and she relishes the opportunity. She has already
made the acquaintance of Wendy Wade, whom she believes
will be able to help her rise in status. Cameron does not know
this, and Lolita has no intentions of telling him. She believes
Cameron is ineffective at best, and plans on taking his place
at the earliest opportunity — for the good of the sect, of

course.

140

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Sire: Charles

Clan: Tzimisce

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1988 (born 1968)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 1, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge |

Skills: Body Alteration 1, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Security 1,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Sabbat Lore 1

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 1, Vicissitude 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Path of Power and the Inner Voice: 5

Willpower: 6

Image: Mixed-blood Welsh-Puerto Rican. She dresses
almost exclusively in black.

Roleplaying Hints: Everyone can bea tool, and you will
find the right way to manipulate everyone. Until then, put
them down (especially Cameron) and destroy their egos.

Haven: With Cameron.

Secrets: C+

Influence: None.

Samson

The first people to label Ned "Samson" did so sarcasti-
cally, both because he was weak and because his father
insisted he keep his hair closely shorn. Samson kept the
nickname and his creweut, but worked out fanatically until
none could doubt that his physique rivaled that of his biblical
namesake. Of course, the steroids helped as well.

Samson survived his Embrace with little problem but, as
he was already prone to violent mood swings, the experience
made him even more unpredictable and dangerous. It takes
very little to set him off, and an extreme effort to calm him
down again. His bond to the pack usually keeps them safe
from his anger, but not always.

Sire: Jerry

Clan: Ventrue antitribu

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1989 (born 1965)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 1

Talents: Brawl 4, Intimidation 3

Skills: Body Alteration 1, Drive 1, Melee 1, Survival 1

Knowledges: Black Hand Lore 1, Science 2

Disciplines: Dominate 1, Fortitude 2

Backgrounds: Herd 1

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 1, Morale 2

Path of Cathari: 3

Willpower: 4

Image: Samson is short but powerful, and wears his hair
closely cropped. He likes to wear clothes that show off his
physique.

Roleplaying Hints: You talk mainly in grunts, and enjoy
threatening people more than conversing with them.

Haven: With Cameron.

Secrets: D

Influence: None.

Bill Butler

The most experienced member of the pack other than
Cameron, Butler secretly served his sire as a ghoul before
being Embraced. Since his sire did not have permission to
keep a ghoul, that part of Butler's life has remained hidden
from the other pack members. That is not the only secret he
has kept from them.

Butler's sire has followed the Path of Evil Revelations for
decades and, as a ghoul, Butler assisted in his rituals and
summonings. Now that Butler is also a vampire, he also
pursues the Path, though his fellow pack members believe he
follows the Path of Caine. Should a Kindred (Camarilla or
Sabbat) appear ripe for corruption, Butler will woo said
Kindred to his way as quickly as possible.

Sire: Demian

Clan: City Gangrel

Nature: Deviant

Chapter Four: The Kindred 141


Demeanor: Confidant

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1989 (born 1943)

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 2,
Stealth 3, Torture 1

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 1, Finance 1, Investiga-
tion 2, Occult 3, Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 3

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Obfuscate 2, Potence 2, Protean 2,
Thaumaturgy 2 (Path of Torture 1)

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Mentor 2, Re-
sources 2

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 4, Morale 1

Path of Evil Revelations: 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: Knowing the Path of Torture lets Butler cause
pain just by touching his subject. He knows a small number
of rituals, including Spectral Mask, which covers his visage
with that ofademonic image. Also, Butler stays in touch with
his sire via the sire's demonic familiar, which just might show
up if Butler is in danger.

Image: A slight, unobtrusive man who dresses in a
nondescript manner and sticks to the shadows.

Roleplaying Hints: Try to talk to other Kindred on a
one-to-one basis. Be friendly, sympathetic, and always on the
watch for a chance to corrupt your "friend."
Haven: With Cameron.
Secrets: C+

Influence: Butler's Mentor is an up-and-coming mem-
ber of the sect; he resides in New York, but may help his
childe from time to time.

Margarite

Even in death, the United States has been the land of
opportunity for Margarite. Her family arrived in America as
part of the 1980 Cuban boat lift. They moved their way north
along the East Coast and finally settled in New York. When
she turned 18, Margarite got a job as a secretary for an
advertising firm and looked forward to the day when she
would own a house, car, white picket fence, etc.

The Sabbat took those dreams away from her, butshe no
longer feels their loss. The bonds she has formed within the
sect are stronger than any she had as a mortal, and her
devotion to the Sabbat is utter and complete. She will do
anything to see the glorious cause advanced and is sure her
pack feels the same way.

Sire: Smith

Clan: Panders

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1990 (born 1972)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Empathy 1, Leadership 1

Skills: Etiquette 1, Melee 1, Music 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Occult 1, Sabbat Lore 1

142

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Disciplines: Celerity 1, Dominate 1, Fortitude 1, Image: A young, dark woman with long black hair and
Obtenebration 1, Potence 1 green eyes. She prefers to wear loose cotton dresses.
Backgrounds: None Roleplaying Hints: You are sincere and dedicated. You

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 2, Morale 5 look people in the eye when you talk to them, trying to
Path of Harmony: 5 convince them of the righteousness of your cause.

Haven: With Cameron.
Secrets: C-
Influence: None.

Willpower: 7

Chapter Four: The Kindred 143


There are other vampires in Chicago besides those who
belong to the Camarilla or the Sabbat. In fact, a number of
Kindred who would never have stayed in the city while Lodin
reigned have entered Chicago in the last few months. They
have their own goals and schemes, and each adds even more
confusion to the bubbling chaos that is Chicago.

Rebekah (The Monitor)

Rebekah was born almost 2000 years ago, just south of
the holy city of Jerusalem. Like her parents, she fiercely
opposed the Roman occupation of Judea. Unlike her parents,
she took the battle to fierce new heights and became a
member of what modern historians call the Zealots: a force
of urban militants and rural peasants who battled both the
Romans and the Jewish aristocrats. Rebekah, who moved
into Jerusalem, was one of the few females who earned the
privilege of being sicarius, or "dagger man," assassinating
leading oppressors. After one particularly daring assassina-
tion ofa Roman merchant, Jerusalem became too hot to hold
her and she returned to the countryside of her youth.

There she met Elihu, a Ventrue who hated the rich and
vented his hate upon the upper classes of Jewish society. She
became his Retainer and served him in his personal crusades
against those they both saw as oppressors. However, the
Roman Empire began to reassert its control over the country-
side, and ina battle against a detachmentof legionaries, Elihu
was speared through the heart by a wooden pilum. The
soldiers then set his body on fire.

Rebekah managed to drive the Romans off with the aid
of several old friends, but found Elihu's body burned beyond
recognition. Somehow he still lived, and Rebekah offered
him all her blood so that he could begin the long process of
healing. He drained her, unable to prevent himself from
drinking the last drop of her vitae. He came to his senses in
time to return some of his blood to her, and she became one
of the undead.

Together they fled a Palestine that was no longer safe,
and traveled throughout the Roman Empire. For the next
1400 years they journeyed across Africa, Europe and Asia,
feeding on the rich and falling deeper and deeper in love with
one another. Then came the Inquisition. Rebekah and Elihu

The Others

were in Barcelona when the persecution began. At first they
fought against the church and government attacks on Jews,
Moslems, Kindred and other infidels, just as they had fought
the Romans more than a millennium before.

They were soon approached by an emissary of the newly
founded Camarilla. This Methuselah gave with one hand
and took with the other. He ordered the two Kindred to stop
fighting the Inquisition on pain of a Blood Hunt, and then
offered them membership in the new organization. Rebekah
rejected the offer out of hand, and would have attacked the
emissary right then and there had Elihu not restrained her.
The new organization was the cause of the first and last fight
between Rebekah and her sire. Elihu wanted to join the
fledgling group, while Rebekah wanted to fight all those who
would oppress what she thought of as her peoples. Elihu left
her and began a long journey to Cathay, where he hoped to
disappear into anonymity.

Rebekah, enraged, enlisted the aid of a number of other
Kindred who felt as she did, and attacked him before he left
Spain. In the battle herallies died, but not before she was able
tosink her teeth deep into Elihu's throat and suck the essence
of Caine from his body. The sight of her sire and lover dead
on the ground before her brought her back to her senses.
Horrified, she fled Spain and made her way back to the land
were she had been Embraced.

For centuries she lived the life of an ascetic, often going
without blood for weeks ata time, trying to control the deadly
lust that she now sawas the bane of her existence. She felt her
Humanity gaining ascendancy over the Beast that had ruled
her for so long. Golconda itself eluded her, though. She
began to wander the Middle East, visiting holy sites and
conversing with the greatest thinkers of the age.

Finally, she journeyed to the caves near the top of Mount
Ararat where, amidst the remains of the great ark, she
pledged not to move until she had come to terms with the
Beast within. In the dreams of her ravings, she was ap-
proached by an Ancient who had been watching her for some
time, and this Ancient guided her through the tortuous path
that was her Suspire. Two months later she crawled down
from the summit, severely emaciated but safely within
Golconda.

144 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


She soon discovered that there were other Kindred like
her — old, powerful Cainites who wished only to be left
alone. She joined these Inconnu, and they warned her of
threats that she had heretofore only suspected. They told her
about the immortal Jyhad and the impending Gehenna, of
the Antediluvians and their unceasing wars against each
other. She became one of the Inconnu Monitors, watching
over allotted areas to report events that might threaten the
Inconnu peace — watching, but never interfering.

The Inconnu sent her to the newly freed English colo-
nies in America to keep track of the Kindred who had played
arole in the revolution. She went to the frontier where many
of them dwelt, monitoring them as best she could and
keeping in close touch with the other Inconnu. She was
attracted to Chicago by the battle between Maxwell and
Lodin, and soon became sure that things were not as they
seemed. The city was in such a ferment of rebellion and
chaos, and was so overcrowded, that it was judged to require
its own Monitor. She has stayed in the area ever since, unseen
by most Kindred and a mystery to the rest.

While the Monitors are supposed to remain hidden
watchers, taking no part in the events they view, Rebekah
has been unable to maintain her detachment. Rebekah
served admirably for years, but the rise of Maldavis finally
drew her into the city's battles. She saw much of herself in
Maldavis and threw herself into the hopeless battle, though
too late to change the tide. She barely managed to maintain
her anonymity when Maldavis was defeated, but she has
continued to protect her and hopes the anarch will one day
rise again. She has even begun to enter the dreams of the
young rebel and is slowly guiding her toward Golconda.

Rebekah also quietly protected Maldavis during the
events of Undera Blood Red Moon. She used her Dominate
to pacify Lupines who attacked the Caitiff, and even allowed

Maldavis to hide out at the aquarium, where she could keep
a close eye on her protégé.

Sire: Elihu

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 5th

Embrace: A.D. 12 (born 9 B.C.)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 7, Wits 8

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 6, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Melee 4,
Music 3, Stealth 5

Knowledges: Chicago 7, Investigation 5, Linguistics 8,
Medicine 4, Occult 5

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 6, Celerity 2, Domi-
nate 6, Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 5, Potence 2, Presence 5,
Protean 5, Thaumaturgy 4 (Path of Morpheus 4)

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 3, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 8

Humanity: 10

Willpower: 10

Notes: Rebekah avoids combat at all costs, but if she is
somehow forced into it, she will show her foe no mercy. She
will employ all of her Disciplines and immediately spend
large numbers of Blood Points to raise her Dexterity or
Strength. Her extra level of Auspex allows her to sense the
emotions of those around her with a Perception + Empathy
roll (difficulty 7). Her extra level of Dominate allows her to
calm frenzied Kindred (and other supernatural creatures such
as Lupines) without making them lose their self-will. The
target vampire must roll his Humanity (difficulty 6). Each
success lessens the frenzy. Five successes means the frenzy is
completely overcome, while a botch leads the target to attack
Rebekah. The Path of Morpheus allows Rebekah to put
targets to sleep and even enter their dreams. She also knows
any rituals (of Levels One through Four) the Storyteller
desires.

Image: Rebekah was attractive as a mortal, and a
combination of blood and her own self-satisfaction makes
her more so. She has black hairand green eyes, and prefers the
comfort of loose, flowing outfits.

Roleplaying Hints: You try to hide your role as Monitor
at all costs. When you do interact openly with others, try to
pass yourself off as a much younger Lick.

Haven: Rebekah resides in the Shedd Aquarium.

Secrets: A+

Influence: Rebekah reports to the Inconnu Council. It
is not entirely inconceivable (though highly unlikely) that
she might be able to convince them to intervene in the affairs
of Chicago.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 145


Yaryan

Yaryan remembers the day he met the Pale Wolf just as
vividly as if it had been yesterday. Then, Yaryan was known
as Shining Deer for his great beauty, and he hoped someday
to become medicine man for his people and serve them with
all his talents and skills. The Pale Wolf changed that. He
offered Shining Deer's teacher an eternity to live, and the
teacher accepted. His teacher in turn passed the gift on to
Shining Deer.

While Shining Deer did not like the blood-thirst forced
upon him, he grew to accept his new form and soon a small
group of Cainites roamed the wilds of North America. For
generations they existed in peace. Then came the whites.

Shining Deer's tribe had heard about these ravagers who
seemed to take special pride in driving the red men from their
ancestral lands. When the invaders attacked Shining Deer's
tribe, however, they found themselves checked. Not only did
the Amerinds havea cult of vampires to help them, but Chief
Black Hawk, their leader, proved himself a mighty com-
mander. They forced the bluecoats to abandon their fort.

The peace was not to last. The whites returned en masse,
and with immortal allies of their own. Soon the tide turned
against Shining Deer's tribe. Unable to defeat the over-
whelming technology of their enemies with bravery alone,
they found themselves being defeated again and again. Dur-
ing one especially ferocious battle, Shining Deer saw the Pale
Wolfloseall control. Ina fury the likes of which Shining Deer
had never seen, the Pale Wolfattacked a woman who seemed
to be leading the enemy; soon both fell defeated. Shining
Deer and the other surviving Amerind vampires attacked,
and managed to rescue their ally, but not before he had been
even more grievously wounded.

Defeated and without hope, Shining Deer's tribe left the
area, but not without a pledge of someday returning to their
old home. To this end they left Shining Deer and the Pale

Wolf behind, to find a place of safety where the Pale Wolf
could recover.

For more than a century Shining Deer stayed with the
Pale Wolf, protecting him from all harm. He stayed apart
from the city that grew up around him, only venturing forth
for the vitae he needed to stay alive. Thus his amazement
knewno bounds when visitors like himself came to hishaven.

They sought the Pale Wolf whom Shining Deer had
guarded for so long. Shining Deer took an instant dislike to
the newcomers, and this dislike grew when he discovered
their interest in killing his helpless charge. The reason for this
desire surprised him even more. By killing the Pale Wolf,
whom they called Menele, they could become even more
powerful. Horrified by what he heard, he drove the newcom-
ers from his haven, but not before they told him how Menele
and his ancient Jyhad had been responsible for the destruc-
tion of his tribe.

Shining Deer moved Menele toa new hiding place, and
began to meditate on what he had been told. The more he
thought about it, the more he decided that his visitors had
been correct — Menele had been responsible for his tribe's
woes. Then he discovered that something prevented him
from acting upon this new knowledge, and that the source of
his inhibition was Menele himself. Shining Deer became
extremely bitter at the wrong committed against his people,
and decided that freedom could only come through a repu-
diation of his past.

With the help of an ancient purification rite and the
yaryan root, Shining Deer managed to break the bonds that
held him to his old master. Taking the name of Yaryan, he
fled into the city, hoping to lose himself among the teeming
hordes. This he has done for many years, hiding from Kindred
and kine alike. He still maintains a link to Menele through
an ancient trapper who serves as Yaryan's Retainer. The
trapper occasionally checks on Menele, and knows how to
contact Yaryan should anything go wrong. Despite his new
knowledge, Yaryan wouldstill return to the aid of his ancestor
if he knew something had gone wrong.

Yaryan has only recently realized that the rite of purifi-
cation has further changed him. While he does not know it,
Yaryan is the only member of his own bloodline, completely
distinct from his Brujah ancestor. He has begun to develop a
new Discipline that allows him to interact with what he
believes to be the spirit world.

Sire: Clear Bear

Bloodline: Unique

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1700 (born 1680)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 7
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 6

146 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2,
Dodge 3, Empathy 6, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 6, Drive 1, Melee 2, Music 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Medicine 4, Occult 5

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Obfus-
cate 6, Potence 1, Presence 1, Tellurian 2

Backgrounds: Resources 2, Retainers 1

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 9

Notes: Yaryan's sixth level of Obfuscate allows him to
cloak his aura so it always appears blue-white. His Tellurian
Discipline allows him to look into a spirit realm he calls the
"Umbra," and manipulate aspects of it.

Image: Yaryan appears as an extremely beautiful male
Amerind with long black hair and eyes highlighted by
shining black pupils. He dresses in leather clothes he himself
cured.

Roleplaying Hints: Stay quiet and try to draw out those
to whom you speak, discovering as much about them as
possible while revealing little about yourself.

Haven: Near Menele.

Secrets: A-

Influence: None.

Marcel

Chicago has long been a place of interest for the Follow-
ers of Set, and neonates have come to the city on a regular
basis. Marcel's presence, however, marks the first time one
has made a permanent haven in the area— Lodin's "justice"
was especially brutal when it came to the Sand-Snakes.

Originally from Marseilles, Marcel was Embraced while
running Setite heroin to the States. His first position was as
an assistant to other Followers in Haiti. Tired of the intensely
competitive nature of the clan members there, he decided to
try his luck in the United States. He was in New Orleans
when he heard about the death of Chicago's prince.

Packing up his belongings, he caught the first train into
the city and set about laying the groundwork for establishing
his own temple. He moved into the Robert Taylor Homes,
one of Chicago's worst projects, and established himself as a
force to be respected. He soon discovered that one of the
main vampires running Chicago's cocaine trade — Brennon
Thornhill — had been killed in the recent Lupine attacks.
Marcel has picked up some of the slack, and has begun poking
around the Succubus Club (which Thornhill used to own) in
hopes of taking over his connections. Even Marcel does not
like the vibes he has been picking up in the club.

In any case, he is content to expand his own trade, sit
back and size up the Kindred community. He hopes to begin
his corruption with the candidates for prince, offering them

favors now in exchange for future payment. Most Kindred
would be wise to avoid these "bargains," but in their desperate
bids for power, anyone may be willing to pay Marcel's price.

Sire: Goolooboo

Clan: Followers of Set

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1974 (born 1943)

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Leadership 1,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Finance 3, Linguistics 3,
Occult 2

Disciplines: Dominate 2, Obfuscate 3, Presence 2,
Serpentis 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 1, Resources 3, Retain-
ers 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 2

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 6

Notes: Marcel's power of Serpentis allows him to trans-
form into a powerful, six-foot-long cobra, assume a nearly
invulnerable mummy-like form (in which he can take no
action), turn his tongue into a forked, serpentine weapon
that can drink blood from targets almost two feet away, and
freeze people in place with but a look. Marcel also carries an
enchanted stiletto, which he sheaths in his right arm. It does
aggravated wounds to its target.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 147


Image: Marcel is a short, swarthy man. He prefers work
clothes to the ornate robes of the Setites.

Roleplaying Hints: Youare sly and beguiling. Youknow
no one will trust you, so you play that up, trying to get others
to admit that in dealing with you, they are selling their souls.

Haven: Marcel resides in a squalid room in the Robert
Taylor Homes.

Secrets: B-

Influence: Marcel's Herd consists of his worshippers, a
family in the Homes. While these people are inconsequential
in and of themselves, they are actively recruiting other
followers, and his influence should grow.

Dr. Oliver Genet

Like his colleague Dr. Kevorkian, Dr. Oliver Genet
firmly espoused a terminal patient's right to die by choice,
with dignity. He was repelled by the thought of anyone
lingering interminably as a desiccated husk hooked to life-
support machines. Unfortunately, the medical community of
Cincinnati, the city where he practiced, was less visionary.
Genet's papers and speeches advocating euthanasia were met
with shock and ridicule. Soon Dr. Genet found himself a
pariah, his practice in ruins.

Nonetheless, he gained a reputation among the under-
ground. He began receiving calls from individuals (wealthy
individuals) who sought surcease from pain and stagnation.
Genet could not ignore his calling, and administered the
final treatment to one terminal patient after another. He had
never felt so fulfilled in his life. That horrible coma called living
— oh yes indeed.

Genet was no professional criminal, and made no real
attempt to cover his tracks. He hardly blinked when the
police knocked on his door and arrested him on charges of
first-degree murder. The trial that followed turned into a

media spectacle. Genet himself took the witness stand and
waxed eloquent in his defense, but the prosecution painted
him as a crazed psychopath, and his words as the rantings of
adisordered mind. His conviction and sentencing to the gas
chamber made the front pages nationwide.

All things considered, Genet was not overly disturbed.
History would vindicate him — and had he not given to
others the very gift of death that he was soon to receive? The
slow cessation of the heart, the last soft throbs of the veins,
the final rattling collapse of the lungs, and then the serenity
of the void — there were worse things, oh yes.

One night, as he sat on Death Row, Genet had a visitor.
A tall, forbidding woman in a dark business suit was let into
his very cell by unblinking guards. The visitor claimed that
she was his distant relative — for the Genet family was an
offshoot of the Giovanni family of Italy, and her name was
Lucretia Giovanni. His commitment to his cause was a noble
one, she said, and he had been unjustly punished. Human
beings were blind, insipid ants, but with her help he could
transcend the mortal coil and continue his work — for
eternity if need be.

Genet thought it over for a while, but finally agreed.
Death could wait — he had miles to go before he slept, as it
were, and much to do. Lucretia took him there in the cell and
faked his execution, liberating the "body" before the autopsy
could be performed. Genet continued his work, traveling the
country to deal quick, painless death. The life-destroying
nature of the Giovanni Kiss served him well in this regard,
enabling him to kill without lengthy struggle or distress.
Many whom he sent to the final reward were grateful — he
knew, though they could not speak. He was happy.

Chicago represents his first solo operation on behalf of
the family. Following the Lupine attack and the death of
Lodin, the clan sent Dr. Genet to Chicago to establish its
presence in the area, and specifically to infiltrate the medical
community. Although many in the clan contend that Genet
lacks the cold ruthlessness for such a task, the eldest in the
clan disagree. The good doctor has potential, they whisper
from their catacombs and crypts. He will learn ...

Sire: Lucretia

Clan: Giovanni

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1987 (born 1939)

Apparent Age: Late 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Empathy 4, Leader-
ship 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1,
Melee 3, Music 2, Stealth 3

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Linguistics 2,
Literature 2, Medicine 5, Occult 3, Politics 1, Science 4

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Necromancy 3, Potence 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Fame 2, Influence 2, Re-
sources 4, Retainers 4

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 9

Willpower: 5

Notes: Dr. Genet's Discipline of Necromancy enables
him to stare into the eyes of a corpse and thereby determine
the cause of death, and to summon and control the spirits of
the dead.

Image: Dr. Genet appears as a slender, middle-aged man
in near-perfect health. He wears elegant suits and has a
calming demeanor.

Roleplaying Hints: You are calm and almost dreamy.
Your voice is slow, serene and pleasant — almost like that of
Mr. Rogers. Occasionally, you will segue a conversation
down bizarre and morbid tangents, keeping the same calm,
steady voice.

Haven: Near the Medical Center on the West Side.

Secrets: C+

Influence: Genet has gained quite a bit of influence in
the medical community; Lodin's grip has vanished, leaving
the field ripe for exploitation. Genet has also established ties
to Developmental Neogenetics Amalgamated. His Retainers
are ghouls provided by the Giovanni, and would obey the
higher-ups in the clan were a conflict to arise.

Shejana

Shejana grew up amid the Gypsy camps of Europe. It was
the wrong time to be a Gypsy, for Hitler's star was waxing in
Europe. Shejana was captured and, along with her extended
family, was taken to Buchenwald.

Shejana had always been a beautiful girl, and the wiles
of her people only enhanced her natural attractiveness. Thus
it was that she was spared the ovens when the camp com-
mander tooka fancy to her. She was fed and clothed while her
people were starved and stripped and gassed. Though she
despised herself, she desperately fought for life. She did
anything to please the cruel commander, even graciously
thanking him for his "gift" of a lamp, though she well knew
the materials from which it had been made. As the months
went by and the commander appeared to be growing tired of
her, her machinations became more and more grotesque.

The commander was not the only one who succumbed
to her charms. Another being haunted the camps, and often
watched Shejana while he fed upon her people. One night,
as Shejana lay on her cot in despair, a shadow slipped into her
roomand stood over her. She started in shock, but cold hands
covered her mouth and burning eyes lulled her into quies-
cence. The being, a vampire of the Ravnos clan, offered
Shejana eternal life and vengeance on the Nazis. Shejana
had nothing more to lose, and agreed to the Embrace.

The camp records do not detail the sudden disappear-
ance of the commander, and the ovens tell no tales. After
ensuring the camp's imminent fall to the Allies, Shejana
headed west toward a new unlife.

Europe held too many memories for her comfort, so she
traveled to the New World. She never stays in one place
overly long lest she become attached to someone or some-
thing. Her unlife is a whirling carnival of excess. She has
perfected the Ravnos gift for illusions — a futile attempt to
erase the horror and shame that will be etched on her brain
for eternity.

Having heard of Prince Lodin's fall, and deciding that a
free city was as good a place to travel as anywhere, Shejana
moved to Chicago. She is gradually assimilating herself into
the Chicago scene, seeking security and peace from the
demons that haunt her.

Sire: Vladislav

Clan: Ravnos

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1944 (born 1924)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 1, Athletics 4, Brawl 2,
Dodge 4, Empathy 1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Melee 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Finance 1, Linguistics 3, Occult 4, Politics 1

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Chimerstry 5, Fortitude 1,
Obfuscate 2, Presence 2

Chapter Four: The Kindred 149


Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Herd 4, Resources 2, Retain-
ers 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 2

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 6

Notes: Shejana's Discipline of Chimerstry enables her
tocreate illusions. These illusions may affect any orall senses,
may move about, and will remain tangible even when Shejana
is not around (this last effect requires the expenditure of a
point of Willpower).

Image: Shejana is aclassic Gypsy: 5'8", 125 pounds, with
dusky skin, raven-black hair and flawless features. Her black
eyes sparkle wickedly, but anyone with Auspex is able to read
the pain behind them. She wears gaudy and revealing gar-
ments of all sorts.

Roleplaying Hints: Party, party, party. Flirt and trade
innuendoes with everyone you meet. Give yourself a seduc-
tive foreign accent. Always look out for Number One. If
frustrated or scared you quickly become harsh and cold.

Haven: Shejana lives in a mobile home on the outskirts
of town.

Secrets: C-

Influence: Though she has only been in town a few
months, Shejana has already charmed her way into the
center of mortal society. She is a regular at parties, clubs and
festivals (from whence she derives her Herd), and has made
several useful Contacts. Her Retainers are ghoul bodyguards
recruited from the city's foreign districts. She has little actual
influence, but if anything happens anywhere she is likely to
hear of it.

Gulfora

Gulfora is one of the few succubi remaining on Earth. As
far as she is concerned, she has existed nearly as long as the
earth itself. She claims she came into being on the fourth day
of Creation, when God created the beings of the sea and air.
However, succubi (like all demons) are great liars, and
anyone who believes their stories would do well never to buy
a bridge in Brooklyn.

Gulfora's history isa longand bloody one. The Sumerians
were the first people to write about her, and their cuneiform
warnings about her powers date back to 2300 B.C. Other
civilizations, from the Egyptians to the Puritans, have feared
her, and rightly so. There is probably no vampire who can
match her murder for murder — unless those rumors about
Stalin or the Khmer Rouge are true.

She migrated to Chicago with the advent of the rail-
roads, amid the huge influx of the poor and downtrodden that
so expanded the city. After moving from haven to haven,
Gulfora eventually took up residence beneath the Museum of
Science and Industry in Hyde Park. Although she sleeps
there, she can most often be found in the sewers, making her
way through the city.

Gulfora differs from vampires in a number of ways. First
of all, she is not undead. Indeed, she has never lived at all.
People of the Western traditions believe she was created
along with the other angels, and fell from grace. People of
Eastern traditions tend to consider her one of the malevolent
forces of nature.

Her second main difference stems from the fact that she
does not gain sustenance from sucking blood. In fact, the only
way she "feeds" is by sexual intercourse. Thus she is unable to
spend Blood Points to increase her Physical Attributes.

Finally, she is immune to the Dominate Discipline
(though the Tremere are rumored to have aritual thathas the
same effect) and always reads as having a deep red-black aura.
She despises the Kindred and is unable to feed from them, just
as they are unable to feed from her. However, she has never
taken any action against them as a whole.

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 8, Manipulation 9, Appearance 10

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 5, Empathy 5, Intimidation 5, , Seduc-
tion 10, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 5

Knowledges: Occult 5

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 5 (only on men),
Obfuscate 5, Presence 5, Thaumaturgy 6
Backgrounds: Herd 5, Retainers 2
Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 0, Courage 0
Humanity: 0
Willpower: 10

150

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Notes: While Gulfora is bothered by religious symbols,
they do her no harm. She is also unaffected by the sun or fire,
but avoids both. While she is no great foe in combat, herextra
level of Thaumaturgy lets her turn insubstantial at will. She
canalso travel in that form. Finally, her Dominate only works
on males (yes, male vampires too).

Image: As beautiful as she wants to be. Don't bother
describing her clothes — she doesn't wear any.

Roleplaying Hints: Everything you do is as sultry and
sensual as it can be.

Haven: The Museum of Science and Industry. She also
lives in the sewers beneath the city. The Nosferatu know that
something else lives down there with them, but they have no
clue what or who it is. There are rumors among the Kindred
about a monster beneath the streets, but few would believe
that a creature like Gulfora exists.

Secrets: A

Influence: Complete control of almost any man. In fact,
one of her current Retainers is a werewolf she corrupted
during the Lupines' attack on the city.

Chapter Four: The Kindred 151



hapter Five:.
Coteries

Good God the Sorrow

~.

They dont even listen to me when

I try to tell them they will die

— Jack Kerouac, "Macdougal Street Blues"

The Kindred of the world perform a murderous ballet,
filled with darkness, treachery and deceit. Nowhere is this
more true than in the blood-soaked streets of Chicago.
Anarchs battle both the elders and one another. Sabbat
assassins carry out their deadly missions while the candidates
for prince war for control of the city, all against the backdrop
of an ages-old Jyhad. No Cainite, not even the two
Methuselahs responsible for so much of what occurs in the
city, fully comprehends the complexity of the vampiric
community here.

Of course, Helena and Menele have the honor of being
the two prima donnas in this dangerous dance. The influence
of these Methuselahs permeates all aspects of the Cainites'
existence, affecting their choices of actions, havens and
allies. Their webs of control envelop almost every vampire in
the city, for each one they control in turn controls many
others — and so the network extends.

Any significant newcomers to the city (the characters,
for instance) will soon become the prizes in another skirmish
between Helena and Menele. While each Methuselah would
prefer to control any newcomers, either may settle for pre-
venting prize from falling into the enemy camp — normally
by destroying it.

Even these two mighty immortals are not omnipotent,
however, nor do they exert control all the time. Most
Kindred act on their own initiative most of the time, and thus
tend to gravitate toward other vampires who share their
interests and desires. Understanding these groups and their
interrelationships is the best way to make sense of the
complex dance in which the vampires of Chicago are so
involved.

While the term "coterie" most often refers to those
Kindred who serve and protect each other, it also refers more
generally to any group of vampires with common interests. In
Chicago, these coteries can most easily be seen as parts of a
wagon wheel. The axle around which everything turns is
composed of the two Methuselahs (yes, they share acommon
interest, but we shall not speak of the Antediluvians in this
supplement). The spokes leading to the rim are the members
of the primogen, those elders who appear to rule the city. The
tim, and the part of the wheel that does all the work and takes
all the damage, is made up of the ancillz and neonates of
Chicago, whose battles, schemes and plots give the city its
unique diversity.

This interaction serves to make the Kindred community
immensely confusing to newcomers. Just when the charac-
ters believe they have begun to understand how the city
works, they will uncover yet another level of secrets that

Chapter Five: The Coteries 153


Coterie Charts

Each coterie also has a chart to help illustrate the
relationships within the group. Because of space restric-
tions, these charts only sketch the often complex
relationships within a coterie, but they give the Story-
teller at least some idea of how certain Kindred react to
one another.

Each chart connects the various coterie members via
arrows. Each arrow shows how a given vampire feels
about the one to whom the arrow points. The word or
phrase connected to the arrow summarizes those feelings,
and can usually complete the sentence "X is " or
‘Xisa ee

This is notalways the case; for instance, the summary
often describes the vampire's feelings or relationship to
the other, as when the word is "Love" or "Regnant."
Storytellers should feel free to make up their own coterie
charts and change these around as the mood strikes.

disproves their latest understanding. For instance, just when
they believe that all the Brujah are in the anarchs' camp, they
will discover that Sheriff isa Brujah. Just when they think all
the Ventrue fight for the elders, they will find out that Kevin
Jackson is the scion of Lodin. Use the following list of coteries
in that vein.

Included in each description isa statement of the coterie's
purpose, as most Kindred see it. This may or may not be true
or even intelligible, and the true goal of a coterie may be
unknown even to its members. Again, characters may seize
on any apparent purpose and believe that they understand
everything about a coterie — but truth is never so simple. Just
when they think they have the city figured out, spring a new
set of circumstances on them and watch them scramble like
swine after table scraps.

The Primogen

Members: Critias, Tyler, Inyanga, Khalid, Annabelle
Triabell and Nicolai.

Meeting Place: The primogen almost always meets
somewhere in Elysium, for its members do not trust one
another enough to reveal the locations of their own havens.
They pass messages back and forth at the symphony or
theater, or on rare occasions hold an after-hours tribunal in
one of the museums. Even when they are not together,
messages are carried between them by trusted servants. The
intrigue among this group never ends; it is the game that gives
them the zest to endure their existence.

Perceived Goal: Assisting and overseeing the rule of
the city for the benefit of the Camarilla and the perpetuation
of the Masquerade.

Real Goal: Fighting the Methuselahs' battles.

154 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

The primogen is the most powerful coterie in the city.
While most cities have no more than three to five elders
among the primogen, Chicago has six, more than any other
city in America, and is looking to add another member.
While this size can be (and often is) attributed to the fact that
the Chicago metropolitan area is the third largest in the
United States, and the largest under direct Camarilla con-
trol, blame really lies with the Methuselahs. At least two of
the primogen are direct descendants of one or the other, and
most of the others have spent a good deal of time under their
subtle Domination.

While the members of the primogen are the most pow-
erful Kindred in Chicago, there is actually very little day-to-day
conflict between the Methuselahs regarding who controls
whom. Because extended use of Dominate tends to make
future Dominate attempts that much easier, the Methuselah
who first took control of one of the primogen generally
maintains that control. That is not always the case, however:
Annabelle was once under Helena's influence, but is now
secretly under the sway of Menele.

Additionally, the fact that Menele remains in torpor
limits his nightly activities. He and Helena find it easiest to
use their control of the primogen to try and extend their
power over Chicago, though Helena has begun to take a more
direct approach. This is generally how all Ancients in torpor
manage their affairs — through one or two Kindred who
directly control other vampires, either through the Blood
Bond or extended use of Dominate.

The primogen enjoys substantial powers. Because the
most powerful elders in Chicago make up this mighty force,
displeasing them would mean death for any younger vampire.
Asa group, they will choose the prince, who will rule at their
pleasure — a fact of which they constantly reminded Lodin.
Lodin could not even create progeny without their approval,
and was forced to consult them before granting such permis-
sion to any other Kindred.

While its direct hold over the prince may be its most
obvious power, the primogen's greatest strength is in fact its
influence over the myriad groups of Kindred in Chicago. For
instance, nomember of the Tremere can act without Nicolai's
approval, and he can call Chicago's Warlocks together in the
name of the clan to do his bidding. The same is true for the
two elder Brujah and their various groups of anarchs. Critias
has substantial influence over Carlyle and his gang, while
Tyler has developed a secret control over both Juggler and
the new Sabbat pack.

While Inyanga and Annabelle do not enjoy such blatant
control, the younger Licks of their clans still follow their
elders in most areas. For instance, the Wolf Pack stayed out
of Maldavis' rebellion on Inyanga's advice; she was unsure of
the battle's outcome and was afraid of what would happen to
Gangrel on the wrong side.

One cannot be elected to the primogen, nor invited to
join. In the beginning, the most powerful Cainites in the city
realized they held all the strings, and began to meet at the


INYANGA

opera and symphony halls — the birth of what is now known
as Elysium. None of these vampires wanted to take the risk of
becoming prince, and they found it more convenient to
control the prince as a group. All matters were decided by
consensus, and though their arguments would sometimes
erupt into open warfare, more often they would settle things
behind the scenes. As time went on, the most powerful
Kindred who moved to Chicago would hear of the primogen,
and begin to manipulate affairs to their own liking. Those
who survived became de facto members of the primogen.

No vampire can stand against a united primogen — but,
fortunately, such solidarity is a rare event. Indeed, the
primogen has become divided into two camps. The balance
is more or less equal, though each Methuselah believes the
other has the upper hand. Helena Dominates Nicolai, Tyler
is Blood Bound to her, and she believes Annabelle, the childe
of her childe, is under control. Inyanga and Critias are firmly
in Menele's camp (Critias is in fact Blood Bound to the
Methuselah), and Menele believes he secretly controls
Annabelle. Inyanga and Annabelle are controlled though
the use of extended Dominate.

NICOLAL

The Nosferatu Khalid isthe only member of the primogen
who has remained entirely free of the Methuselahs. When he
first arrived in Chicago, he used his extraordinary powers of
Obfuscate to remain hidden even from the watchful eyes of
the Ancients. By the time they became aware of his presence,
both believed the other controlled him and neither has tried
to bring him into their fold. Khalid believes his actions are
still his own, and has done his best to keep things that way.

The primogen itself fills a number of disparate roles.
Ostensibly it wields power to support the Traditions and
ensure that no Lick violates the rules of the Camarilla. Its
members are the foremost representatives of that great
vampiric council and have substantial power within that
organization. Of course, no vampire is stupid enough to
believe that this is their main reason for being members of the
primogen.

In fact, each of the elders has personal reasons for
maintaining a position in the primogen. Most Kindred sus-
pect the Tremere clan has some master plan for ruling all
vampires, and Nicolai believes his main reason for serving on
the primogen is to carry out his clan's wishes. On the other

Chapter Five: The Coteries 155


hand, Khalid uses his position to try and maintain his
independence, and to keep better track of what the other
elders are doing.

While Tyler would not be as forthright, she has long
been motivated by a lust for power and sees her role in the
primogen as a way to feed her growing ambition. Critias
claims to enjoy the primogen for the intellectual stimulation
its games bring him, but in fact he serves on it purely because
Menele wants him to.

Annabelle Triabell sits on the council for its prestige,
and to prevent any decision that could hurt her or her plans.
Inyanga sees herself as a guardian of both Kindred and kine,
and tries to mitigate the damage the primogen's decisions can
cause. Of course, all are actually serving their Methuselah's
interests, though few of them care to admit it, and indeed
most do not even realize it.

Though the Methuselahs' control is broad, it does not
affect everything the primogen does, and only makes itself
felt at certain times. As a general rule, the members of the
primogen act as countering forces to one another. Any action
requires at least majority support, but the majority must be
careful not to alienate the minority, since even a minority of
elders can be a fearsome opponent. Therefore, the primogen
rarely takes any radical action.

Even during the Lupine attacks, when Kindred were
dying in droves, the primogen could not respond effectively.
A number of its members did not even show up at the
emergency meetings, and the crisis was only resolved when
Inyanga took it on her own initiative to approach the
werewolves with a truce, which she then convinced the
primogen to accept.

The only recent exception to this stasis was the decision
to support Maldavis against Lodin, which was supported by
Annabelle, Critias, Inyanga and Khalid. While Helenacould
have used her three primogen to fight the decision in an all-
out war, she decided to use the opportunity to try and enlist
Annabelle to her cause. Through the use of Dominate and a
promise that Annabelle could sire two new progeny, she
believed she won. Menele has secretly controlled Annabelle
for years, however, and she has become the Methuselahs'
most recent battleground.

Candidates for Prince

Members: Maxwell, Sheriff, Damien, Maldavis,
Nathaniel Bordruff, Cedrick Calhoun, DuSable, Ballard,
Capone, Kevin Jackson, Joseph Peterson, Jacob Schumpeter,
Juggler, Modius.

Perceived Goal: To become Prince of Chicago.

Real Goal: Varies by individual.

Lodin's death has opened the floodgates of ambition,
and those who desire his throne are crawling out of the
woodwork. Those listed here are merely the most obvious

candidates. The Storyteller should feel free to throw in
anyone else she desires. Almost anyone in the city could have
reason to want the position.

The only Kindred in the city with no chance of (or
interest in) becoming prince are the members of the primogen.
Not only do they realize how much of a puppet the prince
really is, they also know that the rest of the council would not
allow one of its members the added power that accompanies
the position. Everyone else in the city is fair game.

While most vampires monitoring the situation believe
some powerful Cainite will eventually call himself prince and
destroy all opponents, those closer to the city know better.
The primogen has become such a power that it will finally
determine who shall be prince. It may only take a majority
vote, but the candidate cannot be so extreme as to alienate
other members of the primogen, for even one of these elders
can be a most deadly foe.

The smarter candidates spend their time wooing the
primogen, only politicking among other vampires as a way to
show the primogen that they can unite the city. Still, those
vampires without the respect of their Kindred will have little
chance to become prince, and now is the time for the smarter
undead (maybe even the characters) to get the powers of the
city in their debt.

Most Kindred believe the final contenders will be Ballard
and Capone. Each has substantial power in the mortal world,
and each is respected by other vampires — even if neither is
much liked. Their feud is so bitter, however, that they may
well put more effort into denying the other the princedom
than in furthering their own candidacy. It is likely they will
nullify each other completely; the only remaining question
is: how bloody will their feud become?

Anumber of other members of Clan Ventrue have some
reason to believe they should be prince, but none stand much
of a chance. Kevin Jackson has the manpower to force the
issue, but is not sure if he wants to take the risk. Peterson and
Schumpeter both believe they should have the throne, but
their certainty comes from ego, not ability.

A number of Brujah are also interested in becoming
prince. While most of the city's vampires do not know
Maxwell has returned, he has begun to press his case. He lacks
allies among both the Kindred and kine, but those who
remember him know he ruled during a time of peace, and may
support him just to restore some sanity to the city. The fact
that he is personally very powerful does not hurt his chances.

Critias has become prominent in his support of Maxwell,
and Inyanga will likely support him as well. They are moving
slowly, though, fearing too much support too early will make
other members of the primogen suspicious and less likely to
approve of Prince Maxwell. They also know that even
though Maxwell ruled Chicago once, he has no experience in
handling a moder city. While his raw power is unquestion-
able, his other credentials may prove his downfall.

156 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Damien is another Brujah with the might to seize the
throne, though he is not sure if he wants it — at least right
away. He knows he is tougher than most other Kindred in the
city, but has come to the conclusion that it may take him
centuries to reach his full potential — centuries he does not
want to pass tied to the crown of Chicago.

Sheriff is the last Brujah with any serious chance at
becoming prince, but he has made far too many enemies in
his time. These Kindred may well unite to prevent his
ascension, and cause a great deal of destruction in the process.
Additionally, most members of the primogen find Sheriff
buffoonish at best. Still, should the city degenerate too far,
they may turn to him to restore order.

Maldavis wants to claim the princedom, believing it to
be the best way to further her dreams of a better vampiric
society, but she is unsure both of her support and of her
ability. Having lost the Council Wars, she moves carefully
and makes sure the ground is steady before moving forward.
Should she win the throne, she would be the only Caitiff
prince in North America. Of course, if her supporters dis-
cover her connection to the Tremere, they may well become
suspicious.

Maldavis has two allies in particular who can add a great
deal of weight to her bid. Rebekah is especially interested in
seeing her seize the night, and may become even more
involved in Chicago's politics than she was during the
Council Wars. Erichtho also supports Maldavis, but will not
goagainst Nicolai if he supports someone else —like DuSable.

DuSable is the only Tremere who has any chance of
becoming Prince of Chicago, and then only because of recent
events. His valor during the Lupine attacks is well known,
and his missing arm is a constant reminder of his sacrifice in
killing a number of werewolves. Additionally, very few
Kindred know of any specific acts of duplicity in which he has
personally been involved. Still, he is a Warlock, and thus
under immediate suspicion.

The Nosferatu Cedrick Calhoun has expressed an inter-
est in becoming prince; his lack of history in the city is both
an aid and a hindrance. Nobody in the city has reason to
dislike him, but no one has reason to support him. Should the
other candidates draw too much ire, however, he may make
a good compromise candidate. Of course, should the city's
Kindred discover that he wants the office just so he can
severely limit their activities, he would face considerable
opposition.

Another Nosferatu, Nathaniel Bordruff, has also ex-
pressed interest in the throne, and faces much the same
problemas Cedrick. Though he has been in Chicago forsome
time, and is well liked (for a Nosferatu) by the elders, he has
not done anything outstanding to merit the position.

Two Kindred residing outside the city can also lay claim
to the throne. Juggler, who leads many of Chicago's anarchs
despite living in Gary, makes an obvious candidate. He
would not be the first anarch to become prince and then

prove just as tyrannical as his predecessor. It is unlikely he
will make such a move, however; Helena wants him control-
ling the anarchs.

The last vampire who could try and become prince is
Modius, who first made a bid for the position in the 19th
century. His only remaining allies in the city are Joshua
Tarnopolskiand Annabelle, who keeps herallegiance as low-
key as possible. Without substantial assistance from another
coterie (perhaps that of the characters), it is unlikely his bid
will go far.

Lodin's Broods

Members: Ballard, Capone, Schumpeter, Kevin Jack-
son, Joseph Peterson, Bobby Weatherbottom and Lorraine.

Meeting Place: Though they rarely have large-scale
meetings, the surviving members of Lodin's brood still main-
tain a loose network. They are more likely to meet in small
groups as needed than as a whole.

Perceived Goal: Supporting the Camarilla and further-
ing the ambitions of Clan Ventrue.

Real Goal: Survival, as well as gaining power for
themselves.

Prince Lodin created two broods to help him run the
city. Ballard, Capone and two now-destroyed Ventrue com-
posed the first brood, and were all created by Lodin between
the late 1800s and World War II. The prince created each
lieutenant for a specific purpose and each succeeded at that
purpose beyond Lodin's wildest hopes— much to his distress.

Lodin's two greatest successes have also proved to be two
of his greatest fears. He envisioned Ballard as running the
city's legitimate businesses and Capone as manipulating its
extensive underworld, thus balancing each other out for the
greater glory of himself. Both lieutenants gained control over
almost every aspect of their respective realms, to the point
that Lodin could no longer be sure if they were furthering his
power or their own — and, of course, they felt their duty was
to themselves.

Lodin created most of his second brood in the 1980s,
hoping these new Kindred would help him become less
reliant upon his older brood. He took great care in planning
who would be among his new lieutenants, even to the point
of seeking the advice of knowledgeable mortals. Thus he
created anew brood that he hoped would balance the old, but
without the ambition to attempt to overthrow him. Itdid not
live up to his expectations.

For the most part, the new lieutenants proved incompe-
tent, incapable of dealing with the older brood and
insufficiently motivated to carry out their duties. Lodin chose
only too well — for failure. Those who proved their compe-
tence, like Kevin Jackson and Bobby Weatherbottom, also
demonstrated an independence Lodin found disturbing.

Lodin was the linchpin that held these vampires to-
gether. Workingas one, they are extremely effective. Divided,
they can do little. Whoever becomes prince will require at

Chapter Five: The Coteries 157


158

BALLARD

UNFOCUSED

a ;
cra
Sab

DUSABLE

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


&

CEDRICK

FAILURE

a

QUIXOTIC

BOORISH CHUMP

CRIMINAL AND
DANGEROUS

HIGHLY
INTELLIGENT

DAMIEN

Chapter Five: The Coteries 159


LUDIN SERODDS:

e
"

_sP

em eK 1

e

e

'
‘ae \ | PETERSON
2

C ¢

Pcs

CAPONE

G

e| ae i ere

LORRAINE

i =),

KEVIN JACKSON

160 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

yn yee

UNKNOWN QUALITY

TAMMY EDRICK

CAUSE FOR CONCERN

NEEDS PROTECTING

Chapter Five: The Coteries 161


least the grudging approval of this coterie. Should Lodin's
brood stand at odds to the prince, little will be accomplished
and the city will fall further into chaos. Should Lodin's brood
directly oppose the prince, blood is likely to flow.

While other vampires in the city may see its Ventrue as
a monolithic block, they are more commonly at odds with
each other than in allegiance. Still, these are the Kindred
who most follow the ties of favors and prestation, and their
own interactions involve the subtlest manipulations of their
pasts. Each one is maneuvering for as much power within the
group as possible, and should one bind the others in coils of
debts and favors, he would become one of the most powerful
figures in the city.

The Sewer Rats

Members: Khalid, Tammy, Nathaniel, Cedrick Calhoun
and the unknown.

Meeting Place: This coterie usually gathers deep in the
sewers, in chance(?) meetings where its members can ex-
change information and gossip.

Perceived Goal: Keeping abreast of events affecting the
Kindred in order to maintain their own freedom.

Real Goal: Discovering who's really running the city.

Khalid used to lead Chicago's Nosferatu as a benevolent
father, helping his childer find their places in the world. Now
most of his childer are no more, slain by the bloody claws of
the Lupines. Those Nosferatu remaining in the city have no
ties to him, and are far more interested in their own projects
than in his.

There is no overt antagonism between clan members,
though under their friendly surface lies a sea of hatred.
Nathaniel despises all vampires, while Cedrick despises their
actions. Tammy is slowly losing her mind despite Khalid's
best efforts to help her, and even Khalid is beginning to lose
touch with everything going on in Chicago.

Khalid's haven used to be a place of safety for the
Nosferatu, but the recent flood has ended that. Nobody
knows who was responsible for the deluge, but suspicions run
rampant. Khalid believed his haven safely hidden from all but
his fellow clan members, and finds it hard to accept that one
of them betrayed him. Still, he was too well targeted for the

incident to have been an accident.

No vampire can be sure just how many Nosferatu make
the city's underground their haven, and Sewer Rats from
other places often come to the city for short periods of time,
adding to the underground's population. Khalid makes every
effort to keep up with these newcomers, but even he is
uncertain how many there really are.

The Elders

Members: Critias, Tyler, Inyanga, O'Leary, Corbin,
Khalid, Nathaniel, Cedrick Calhoun, Nicolai, DuSable,
Annabelle, Bret, Ballard, Capone, Schumpeter, Joseph
Peterson.

Meeting Place: Elysium, on a regular basis.

Perceived Goal: Manage and discuss the affairs of the
city.

Real Goal: Enforce the bonds of prestation and have a
good time as the most important Kindred in the city.

The self-styled elders of Chicago meet quite regularly in
those places which have been designated as Elysium. This list
includes the Chicago City Ballet, the Linda Enfield Art
Gallery, Central Library, the Art Museum of Chicago, Smart
Gallery, the Chicago Opera Theater, Orchestra Hall, Arie
Crown Theatre and the Civic Theater. Though some come
simply to enjoy performances or exhibits, more come to
converse, scheme, gossip and plot.

The elders typically attend some sort of performance
early in the evening, mixing with the mortals but engaging in
their own intrigues all the while. After most of the mortals go
home, they retire to the empty museums and galleries,
wandering the marble halls. The security guards are all under
the control of the elders, so anyone who shows signs of being
Kindred will readily be let in.

Here the plotting continues at a more fevered pace,
though again some come simply to appreciate the new works
of art. Most of this group show up on Friday and Saturday
nights, and spend the rest of the week on their own activities.
However, a few may be found at some performance oranother
onany nightof the week — they simply donot have anything
better to do.

These elders are derided as "Harpies," though not to
their faces. They establish the city's pecking order and
enforce the restrictions of prestation, though all would deny
it. They gossip constantly about how other Kindred have
been acting (especially Kindred who are not present that
night). Licks who have been ignoring their duties or snub-
bing their betters will soon see the elders of every clan,

including their own, turning against them.

Outsiders have commented that Annabelle, Nicolai
and Corbin seem to be the three Cainites most intent on
seeing prestation enforced, but insiders know better. Each of
the elders has a stake in the system of boons and favors, and
all support it fully. Still, the disparate members all have their
own agendas and their betrayal and distrust of each other has
become proverbial: "I trust you as much as I'd trust a promise
made in the Opera House."

162

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


The Chantry

Members: Nicolai, DuSable, Erichtho, Ublo-Satha and

Portia.

Meeting Place: The chantry, once a month.

Perceived Goal: Furthering the plans of the Tremere.

Real Goal: The same.

Nobody trusts the Tremere. Whenever anything goes
wrong, the Tremere are most often blamed. This has been
aggravated since the werewolf attack, when Garwood
Marshall, a popular member of Baby Chorus and the best-
known Tremere, was destroyed. Few Licks are aware of the
other members, and their secrecy gives support to the most
outrageous paranoia.

Ifplayers probe deeper, they may discover DuSable, who
appears to be a quiet, uninvolved old man — unless he makes
his bid for prince. This dearth of active Tremere should lead
them to invent monstrous fantasies about the role of the
Tremere. Ask the average Brujah who is behind everything,
and she will blame either the Antediluvians or the Tremere.

Nicolai came to Chicago under orders to take control of
the city. Acting on the belief that controlling it from the top
down would be the best system, he immediately gained a
place on the primogen and was one of Lodin's primary

PEACEMAKERS

CANDIDATES
TOOLS

rt L, ) 8) i¢

supporters. He also came to the attention of the sleeping
Helena who, more familiar with the Tremere than Menele,
took control of him as soon as he entered the city.

Nicolai remains unsure about why he must control
Chicago, but he follows his orders without question, hoping
someday to gain the respect of the leaders of his clan. With
DuSable's active help, and Erichtho's more reluctant aid,
Nicolai holds a position of power in the city, but has found his
bids for more direct control stymied by the other primogen
members. Now he bides his time, waiting for the right
moment.

The Tremere have monthly meetings at the chantry,
where aritual is performed that puts them in contact with the
Council of Elders in Vienna, as well as with other chantries
in the United States. On rare occasions, the Council gives
specific orders during these meetings, and Chicago's Tremere
scramble to fulfill the Elders' will. Ublo-Satha keeps an
especially close eye over the chantry during these meetings.

Portia's presence at the chantry and her influence over
Nicolai do not seem to bother DuSable (he has been com-
manded to ignore it), but Erichtho has become concemed.
She hopes to find evidence of the "neonate's" true goal

OTHERS

GOSSIPS

Chapter Five: The Coteries 163


"ile

Gil Oh

COUNCIL OF ELDERS

however, if she did discover Helena's role, she would not
know how to handle it. Nonetheless, she is still Blood Bound
to Nicolai, and would look out for his best interests.

The Pranksters

Members: O'Leary, Son, Evan Klein, Corbin and
Bronwyn.

Meeting Place: The Blue Velvet, though they never
have formal meetings of any sort.

Perceived Goal: Spreading the insanity around.

Real Goal: Who can say?

Chicago's Malkavians encounter almost as much suspi-
cion as do the Tremere. Before the werewolf attacks, no one
believed they could possibly be as crazy as they acted, butnow

ADEQUATE FOR NOW /\

no one can believe they are as sane as they seem. Most
Kindred just give them a wide berth, but even that is becom-
ing harder to accomplish.

Despite her extreme paranoia, O'Leary sees herself as the
matriarch of this clan, and has become protective of its
Sorbin has become the
most prominent Malkavian in Kindred society, and has
found a place among the city's elders. She has ingratiated
herself with O'Leary, who tends to look on Corbin and Son
as her daughter and, well, son.

members. During the last two yeai

However, under this happy facade writhes a mass of fears
and obsessions. O'Leary's fear of the Jyhad infects all
Malkavians who meet her, and other vampires intruding on
their domain may well be greeted with hostility and suspi-

164 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Ei

el HEPRANKSIERS

Chapter Five: The Coteries 165


cion. On the other hand, their various insanities make it just
as likely that newcomers will be greeted with exuberant
friendliness, and made into whole new members of the
family. Keep in mind that the friendship of a Malkavian may
well be worse than her hatred.

The Trinity

Members: Bryan, Bronwyn and Corbin.

Meeting Place: Chicago.

Perceived Goals: Killing each other.

Real Goal: ?

This coterie is on the verge of an explosion. The instant
Corbin and Bronwyn realize they are in the same city, they
will stop at nothing to destroy each other. Bryan will obvi-
ously side with Bronwyn, but Corbin has spent some time in
the city making friends — and enemies. Both Corbin and
Bronwyn have some influence with other Kindred, and both
will put that influence to use.

Menele watches the trinity likea hawk, believing it tobe
manipulated by the same forces manipulating him and Hel-
ena. He believes Helena influences Bronwyn, but has not
made any move for Corbin or Bryan. Ifhe is correct, and they
are being manipulated by others, he will have his first
evidence of the true secret forces among the undead. If he is

wrong, then his archenemy will havea golden opportunity to

control three of the most powerful Kindred in the city ... and
use them against him.

The Anarchs

The last time the anarchs united was during Maldavis'
bid for power, and even then they remained in their separate
cliques. Now they are in three different groups, though they
maintain a loose allegiance. Still, it is unlikely they will find
it possible to work together.

Carlyle's Gang

Members: Carlyle, Andrei, Jasper Krevets, Raymond
Wallace, Victoria Longwood.

Meeting Place: Water Tower Place.

Perceived Goals: Furthering the spread of the Anarch
Movement.

Real Goals: Allowing its members free rein to spread
violence and destruction.

Carlyle's gang has come from the Anarch Free States
with the Anarch Council's blessings and support. It has spent
anumber of years traveling North America, battling both the
Camarilla and the Sabbat. Its members are not complete
strangers to Chicago, and have dealt with most of its anarchs
at one point or another.

166 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


TYDESS) O\y to

Oe
Z y, r
si

Vie rab

Le

je. eo
RAYMOND WALLACE

| ~~ 1

a

VICTORIA

Chapter Five: The Coteries 167


4

fe

BUGUDERSAVAKCHS:

5

Pa

BSA

DAMIEN

168 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Lodin's death has inspired them to try and turn the city
into the easternmost anarch stronghold, though they realize
this will be no easy task. Most of the city's anarchs were killed
in the Lupine attacks, and the gang itself does not have the
raw power to challenge the elders. Carlyle has begun seeking
other options.

He has thought about becoming prince himself, but
realizes few Kindred in the city will support an anarch,
especially one who is an outsider. Instead, he has begun
casting about for a worthy candidate to support, hoping to
convince the new prince to create ties to the Anarch Free
States, and maybe join the Movement later.

Juggler's Anarchs

Members: Juggler, Joshua Tarnopolski, Anita Wain-
wright, Damien, Maldavis, Evelyn Stephens.

Meeting Place: The Succubus Club. However, they
also congregate in a deserted ore smelter in the Wasteland in
Gary (see the "Forged in Steel" section of the Vampire
rulebook). This also seems to be Juggler's haven, and is well
protected by his Retainers (gang members).

Perceived Goal: Freeing the Kindred from the elders'
tyranny.

Real Goal: Bringing Juggler to power.

Juggler sees the past defeats of the anarchs as a perfect
opportunity to rise to power. He came to Chicago to channel
the lingering rage from Maldavis' defeat into support for

o)

.
a

DAMIEN

ASS

himself. He initially attracted a large number of Kindred to
hisside, making his coterie the biggest group of anarchs in the
city, but his followers lacked the passion and dedication of
ind Sabbat have deci-

the other groups. Now the Lupines

mated the ranks of his followers.

Now Juggler actively attempts to recruit more anarchs to
his cause, but he has a difficult time just keeping his present
followers with him. Maldavis and Anita are only with him
because there is little choice in the matter — this is the only
anarch organization they have. Joshua has sided with Juggler
because his oldallies died, but he has no loyalty to the coterie,
and Juggler fears he may turn it against him. Juggler also fears
Damien, whose motives he has yet to determine.

Juggler and Carlyle have met before; each took an
immediate dislike to the other. Each believes the other to be
a pawn of the elders, intent on corrupting the Anarch
Movement. The two will find it hard working together, and
will go toany extreme to ensure that their followers do not go
to the other side.

Though none in his group realize it, Juggler is being
"advised" by Tyler. Juggler follows her advice in almost
everything, and is modeling his planned revolt upon what she
has told him of her activities in Europe so many years ago. She
has not told him of her ties to the Sabbat, however. Juggler
is Blood Bound to Tyler, and would do nearly anything to
please her. She has asked him to tell no one of their meetings,
and to this point he has not let the secret slip.

Chapter Five: The Coteries 169


YOLE LAGE

The Nihilists

Members: Gengis, Dickie, Damien.

Meeting Place: The Succubus Club; though they never
have formal meetings, they often meet each other there.

Perceived Goal: Destroying the power structure.

Real Goal: Destroying those rules and regulations that
annoy them.

These three more closely fit the popular view of what
anarchs should be like — Kindred who wantto tear down the
existing system because it offends them, not because they
necessarily have something better to replace it. These are all
younger vampires, in both mortal and immortal years; all
were born after World War II.

While they have no leader per se, they generally defer to
Damien because of his popularity as a member of Baby
Chorus. When they notice the irony in doing so, however,
they quickly stop. Damien is involved in this coterie more
out of a love for its violent sprees than from any belief in the
values it espouses.

They meet quite frequently at the Succubus Club and
tend to spend much of their time grumbling about the
Ventrue clan and all the elders who support it. They love
tormenting those younger Kindred who side with elders
whenever they can catch them alone, and have taken a
mission upon themselves — to kill Sheriff.

RAMROD

THE GHOUL

The Wolf Pack

Members: Tyrus, Anthius, Ramrod and their ghouls.

Meeting Place: The road.

Perceived Goal: Serving the Camarilla.

Real Goal: Serving violence.

These vampires no longer command the fear and respect
that they enjoyed in years past. Rumors of cowardice during
the Lupine attack abound, and a number of Licks say they
may have hada pact with the werewolves. Still, they lost two
of their members during the wave of attacks, though some say
the Sabbat killed them, and others say the bikers took the
opportunity to clean house, with a little diablerie on the side.

They are still the Camarilla's designated archons for the
area, and more than once they have demonstrated their
ability to destroy any who violate the Traditions. They have
also proved that a vampire chained to several motorcycles
going in different directions suffers much the same fate as a
mortal in the same situation.

These five are far from being mindless thralls of the
Camarilla, however. During Maldavis' rise to power, the
Pack split on whom it should support. Tyrus wanted to keep
its traditional loyalties, while Anthius voiced support for the
upstart. Before their differences became extreme, Inyanga
visited them and warned them to keep clear of the conflict.
Unsure of which way the battle would end, Inyanga wanted
to keep these Gangrel knights from choosing the wrong side.

170 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Thus the Wolf Pack managed to be "indisposed" when the
prince called for their help, and remained independent of the
bloody conflict.

Now the Camarilla has asked the Pack to pay closer
attention to Chicago until it can decide what to do about its
lack of a prince. Since no one else is in a position to enforce
the sect's laws, the task has fallen to this lawless five, and they
couldn't be happier. Should anyone step out of line, or give
them any excuse, violence will not be far behind. Anthius
worries that this might put them on the wrong side of the
future prince, but that will not stop these five from enjoying
the battles to come.

Baby Chorus

Members: Kathy Glens, Damien, Raymond Falcon.

Meeting Places: Rehearsal space and local clubs.

Perceived Goal: Playing incredibly good music.

Real Goal: The same, though none of the musicians
would object to its members attaining power in Chicago.

Chicago has long been known for great music, specializ-
ing in blues, jazz and a symphony ranked among the best in
the world. New Chicago rock bands have continued this

tradition, making it hard for a new band to stand out. One
d this difficult feat is Baby Chorus, a punk
ed by a blues feel and incredible musician-

Kathy Glens, somewhat of a local celebrity, fronts the
band. Kathy has achieved renown as one of the city's best
lead guitarists, and playing with Baby Chorus has only
reinforced her standing. Bass player Raymond Falcon and
rhythm guitarist Damien round out the Kindred in the band.
A mortal, Karla K. Ruby, plays drums following the "death"
of the anarch who used to fill that seat; Damien has been
sidering Embracing her. They have not replaced their
xophonist, Garwood Marshall, who was killed by the
Lupines

Baby Chorus has always provided a comfortable way for
Kindred of competing clans to get together, and those who

know the band members express amazement at how well the
different clans get along. The Brujah, Malkavian and Torea-
dor not only interact perfectly well, but make beautiful music
together.

Chapter Five: The Coteries 171


172

|A GREAT PRINCE

CURIOUS

FRIENDLY
BUT CAUTIOUS

SUSPICIOUS

JUGGLER

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


ba

. va ‘by JAS! ELLE PAL C1.

ad

¥

UNSETTLING

EVERYTHING SHE -
CORBIN WANTS TO BE CEDRICK

DISDAINFUL

DISDAINFUL

Chapter Five: The Coteries 173


UNGRATEFUL
TRAITOR

MANIPULATIVE
SLIME

174 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


The band members privately acknowledge that there is
still a great deal of underlying tension, mostly brought on by
Damien trying to politicize their music. Neither Glens nor
Falcon expresses much interest in the goings-on of the city,
much to Damien's distress, for he wants to sing about political
issues of importance to them, not the mortals for whom they
play.

The band has been courted by various national record
labels but has so far remained independent, releasing two
albums on its own. It has attracted a great deal of attention
from the city's clubgoing crowd, but has managed to remain
primarily a local act with a small regional following. The
Camarilla is as of yet unaware of what these Kindred are
doing, something which many would consider a blatant
violation of the Masquerade. While it has not played since
Marshall's destruction, it is preparing to start up again.

The Gary Kindred

Members: Modius, Allicia, Juggler, Michael, Evelyn
Stephens, Danov, Lucian.

Meeting Place: Modius' supposed haven in Gary. They
meet annually on New Year's Eve, but very little of practical
value gets done at these meetings.

Perceived Goal: To keep Gary independent of or supe-
tior to Chicago.

Real Goal: To get as much as one can from a sinking
ship.

The members of this coterie are described in detail in the
Vampire appendix. The coterie is very disorganized, and few
of its members have any desire to be more organized. At one
time Gary wasa center of power, but those days are long gone.
If you are playing "Forged In Steel," this can become the
coterie of the player characters, allowing them to form an
independent group that can interact as such with the other
groups. If this is the case you should give them increasing
independence from and influence over Modius, allowing
them a chance to direct their own fates as much as possible.

Note that Modius is one of the candidates for Prince of
Chicago. An extreme dark horse, he would have a better
chance if there were a single coterie in the city thatsupported
him. This could be the characters, though why they would
support such a loser is a question for them to answer.

Annabelle's Party Elite

Members: Annabelle, Bret, Kathy Glens, Corbin,
Cedrick Calhoun, Bobby Weatherbottom.

Meeting Place: Annabelle's home.

Perceived Goal: Supporting art in the city.

Real Goal: Enhancing Annabelle's status among the
Toreador, and providing her an audience to which she can
perform as a party hostess.

Annabelle thinks of her parties as the most exciting
social events in the city. Other Toreador think of them as
crashing bores. However, Annabelle's position as clan leader
forces them to attend and at least pretend to have a good
time. Annabelle lacks any true abilities in art, and has thus
come to believe that hosting parties displays the true depth
of herartistic vision. Long suffering under her position as the
second most prominent Toreador in the city, she now revels
in her new status and hopes at last to attain clanwide
recognition as one who truly appreciates art.

These late-night, black-tie parties attract the cream of
Chicago's art world as well as much of its high society,
bringing out painters, musicians, dancers and sponsors. In-
deed, it is only because of the sponsors that most of the artists
come at all. Annabelle flits among her guests, constantly
laughing and talking. The other Toreador tend to stand
alone, making pleasant conversation when forced to. Corbin
and Cedrick began attending these parties shortly after
coming to the city, and seem to enjoy themselves. In fact,
they both have their own agendas to advance, and have
found these parties useful.

Toreador from outside the city attend these parties,
though their numbers have dwindled as word spreads of the
parties' lack of artistic value. Annabelle has started to realize
that the parties have failed to increase her status within the
clan, and has cast about for something to spice them up. So
far nothing has worked, and some of her schemes have
backfired badly.

Chapter Five: The Coteries 175


‘SUSPICIOUS

MARGARITE

The City Sabbat

Members: Phillipe, Wendy Wade, Doyle Fincher,
Cameron, Tyler, Son.

Meeting Place: Deserted old hotel in south Chicago.

Perceived Goal: Preparing the way for the Sabbat to
move in.

Real Goal: Their own power.

The Sabbat has been interested in taking over the
United States' third largest city since World War II. The
recent turmoil of Maldavis' rise to power gave the sect hope
that the time was right, and it made its move The battle
between the Lupines and the city's Kindred was purely its
doing, though its attempted takeover failed. A number of
Sabbat died, and the sect is licking its wounds and assessing
its future.

Phillipe and Wade are the sect's main representatives in
town, and have orders to avoid combat at all costs, keeping
their presence as quiet as possible. They hope to compile lists
of all the Kindred remaining in the city and get an idea of
their relative power. Phillipe has carried out dozens of these
scouting missions through the years and has become one of
the Sabbat's best. His compatriot, Wade, has never taken
part in something this dangerous, but the sect's leaders have
found her to be one of their most promising neonates.

Surrounded as they are by their enemies, only one thing
could make them violate their secrecy — the opportunity to
feed on an elder vampire. If either gets the chance to commit
diablerie upon someone of an older generation, he orshe will
leap at the chance.

Son learned about them shortly after they arrived in
Chicago, but only recently discovered their ties tothe Sabbat.
He is interested in them, but has yet to join the sect. They
treat him with feigned respect and plan to use him as a pawn
in the near future.

On the other hand, they have great respect for Doyle
Fincher. Recruiting him was a great coup, and he has already
made aname for himself based on his insights into death. The
two are also putting pressure on Tyler to make her allegiance
more formal, but she continues to put them off. They have
many plans forusing her in theirattempt toweaken Camarilla
tule over Chicago.

The Nomad Pack

Members: Cameron, Lolita Houston, Samson, Bill But-
ler, Margarite, Tyler.

Meeting Place: An abandoned apartment building in
Lombard, near O'Hare.

Perceived Goal: Paving the way for the Sabbat to
besiege Chicago.

Real Goal: Forcing Tyler to reveal her allegiance.

176 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


‘A Sabbat leadersent Cameron's pack to Chicago follow-
ing the sect's defeat during the Lupine attack. Flown in by
Tyler, and set up in one of her auxiliary havens, the pack is
supposed to prepare for the Sabbat's next attempt on the city.
To this end, Cameron has ordered the pack to scout the city
inorderto determine how it could be most effective. Cameron
believes this pack offers him a chance to gain prestige within
the Sabbat, but other pack members know better. Indeed,
Lolita has taken to calling it Loser Company, and is looking
for the quickest way out.

The Sabbat leaders do not expect this pack to succeed.
They have put together the biggest mish-mash of losers they
could. When the pack actually makes its move, it is expected
to fail horribly and expose Tyler in the fallout. Tyler will then
be forced to join the sect to survive, and the Sabbat can make
its real move on the city.

What Sabbat leaders have not taken into account,
however, is that Tyler could care less about the Sabbat's
games. She is under Helena's control, and Helena plans to use
the pack for her own ends. It will probably be sacrificed in
some minor move against Menele, though she may use it to
test other pawns (like the characters).

Maldavis' Secret Allies

Members: Inyanga, Khalid, Erichtho and the Monitor.

Meeting Place: None — they don't know about one
another.

Perceived Goal: None.

Real Goal: Bringing Maldavis back to power.

Maldavis' stock among the anarchs remains low. Her bid
for power led to the loss of friends and loved ones for many,
and the fact that she still lives seems an insult to them.
Rumors abound that she still has exceptional powers, how-
ever, and her survival in the face of Lodin's wrath adds weight
to the stories. While her own abilities do deserve some credit
for her survival, more should go to her unknown allies.

Both Erichtho and the Monitor found themselves ex-
tremely sympathetic to this upstart, and despised the fact that
Maldavis was being used by the primogen. Unfortunately,
neither could shrug off her obligations and the pair's eventual
involvement proved too-little-too-late. When they saw
Maldavis' supporters slaughtered in the streets and knew that
Maldavis herself would be the prince's next victim, both were
wracked by guilt. Each used her powers to aid the fleeing
anarch, and thus Maldavis managed to survive.

Maldavis' stock may be on the rise. Some of those
anarchs who despised her died during the Lupine attack, and
newcomers know of her only as a leader among the city's
rebels. They may support her for prince, and Erichtho and the
Monitor definitely will. Neither of these Cainites knows that
the other aids Maldavis, and both have only the slightest
knowledge of the other's existence.

ee pY

i
\

KHALID

SEORETALLILS:

' ‘

‘SHE MAY STILL HAVE HER USES

ae
MS

=

MALDAVIS

Chapter Five: The Coteries 177



Appendix:
Politics among»
Undead

Confound their politics,

Frustrate their knavish tricks
— Henry Carey, Sally in Our Alley

Some of the most exciting and intense Vampire stories
come from that most depressing of subjects — politics. The
undead are intensely political beings, both out of necessity
and inclination. After all, why risk one's precious immortal-
ity in physical combat when one can accomplish the same
objectives through careful and treacherous machinations?

Thus politics infuse every level of vampiric society.
Every night of a Lick's existence is ruled by the Six Tradi-
tions, The prince shows up in many stories, often as a major
character and at least as a factor to be considered. Members
of the primogen appear in other stories, and characters must
always keep one eye on their elders.

Of course, political stories are not limited to the charac-
ters' home city. There are clan politics to be considered, both
in the city and on wider levels. Finally, and perhaps most
importantly, are the sect politics — those international
games played by the world's most powerful immortals.

Despite all this, the characters are not completely at the
mercy of other Cainites' schemes. They can use politics to
their own advantage, as long as they watch for the slightest
hint of treachery. If they don't, the Storyteller should feel free
to saddle them with whatever kind of learning experience he
feels is necessary — preferably one of the most humiliating

kind.

Politics and the
Chronicle

Politics do not have to be an overriding part of the
chronicle, but they can be. As always, the Storyteller needs
to stay aware of what the players want from the game, and act
accordingly. However, politics can add an exciting level to
even the most action-oriented chronicles.

First of all, neither the characters nor the players should
ever be fully aware of all that goes on in the world. If the
players know that the vampires of the Sabbat are going to be
the bad guys, then the Storyteller has lost a great opportunity
for suspense. If, on the other hand, they find that the Sabbat
are mere tools of a powerful Brujah hoping to increase her
influence on the primogen, then the story has taken on that
much more depth.

Thus even light doses of politics add a great deal of
mystery and suspense to any chronicle. This added mystery
need not remain limited to the question of who is behind
what. Even when the characters know who the main figures
are, they should have no way of knowing what will happen
next. So what if they know the Brujah is planning to make a
move for more influence? The characters do not know that
she plans to unleash the Sabbat on downtown Chicago just

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 179


es RS

nr

Y

fe THEA PRE

so she can subsequently defeat them (and look impressive in
the process). Nor do they know that this action will conceal
both her takeover of the police and her attempt to wipe out
a powerful Gangrel — the one who serves as one of the
characters' Mentor.

Politics also help keep chronicles from becoming staid
and predictable. In the political arena, the Cainite who was
your friend last week may well be your enemy next week —
and vice versa. For instance, if the characters stopped the
Brujah before she could carry out her schemes, they may still
end up on her side next week, as she backs their bid to expand
their feeding grounds. Perhaps their increased territory will
cut into that of her worst enemy, or maybe she has decided
that having the characters on her good side is more beneficial
than having them as enemies.

Finally, adding politics to a chronicle allows that much
more opportunity for player initiative. Instead of constantly
having to respond to the whims of fate and whatever story
ideas the Storyteller comes up with, the players can add their
own twists to the chronicle, taking it in directions the
Storyteller never considered. Not only does this trigger some
of the best roleplaying, it takes some of the pressure off the
Storyteller, and allows her to spend more time fleshing out
and playing the characters she has created, as they react to
the players' plotline.

The Politicians

Every vampire is a politician, whether she likes it or not.

No matter how much one would like to avoid the aggravating
games of petty power and pettier egos, there is no way. Young
Licks too easily become the pawns of their elders, whether
through bribery, blackmail or simple Dominate. By the time
they become ancillze, they are too much a part of the political
landscape. Even if they could distance themselves, their
elders would not allow it.

Even the elders cannot divorce themselves from these
machinations. Most have become far too heavily involved to
disentangle themselves, and the rest are too afraid, seeing
Methuselahs, diabolists and ancient enemies lurking in every
dark alley.

So the vampire becomes politician, playing the games of
prestation, influence and compromise. He decides what he
wants, be it power, prime hunting grounds, an enemy pun-
ished or a friend betrayed. Then he plans his campaign
strategy.

For example, a Gangrel wishes to enlist fellow clan
members to assist him in stopping a Ventrue's plans to frame
him for the murder of a werewolf. He must contact the other
Gangrel individually or summon them together.

180 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Contacted individually, the clan members are unlikely
to offer much assistance. Not only are they worried about the
Ventrue's strength, but acting alone is inherently dangerous.
Now, if the whole group could be convinced ...

So the character has to convince the Gangrel to meet in
one place at one time. That feat will require no little politick-
ing in and of itself; rest assured, however, it will be the easiest
of the character's tasks. After all, in a perfect world, the
justness of his cause would be enough to sway his brethren to
support his position. The world is not perfect, however, and
the Gothic-Punk world is even less so.

Thus the character must use every weapon in his arsenal
to coax his clan to his side. One Gangrel is in the Ventrue's
debt thanks to prestation. Another covets the character's
hunting grounds. Yet another is busy trying to deal with a
Lupine pack that has been sniffing around her haven. A
fourth has been petitioning the prince for permission to sire,
and is afraid to "rock the boat."

The character must use his own prestation ties to free
one Gangrel (thus incurring a debt to a Toreador, perhaps).
The second receives limited hunting rights in the character's
territory. The third gets the character's pledge to help defeat
the werewolf threat, and the fourth will only help when the
character places himself in debt to her, meaning the bonds of
prestation will force him to help her for years to come.

All of these characters also need to be convinced that
their actions will benefit Clan Gangrel as a whole, for they
are acting on behalf of the clan. Even though each vampire's
main concern is for herself, the Gangrel as a whole must look
out forall other Gangrel. Thus, all the Gangrel will weigh the
potential benefits against the risks of failure, for all of them
will feel the effects of failure.

If the Gangrel do side with the character, that does not
mean the clan politics are through. The character still needs
to watch his fellows closely, keeping an eye out for any
treachery. The intrigue has only just begun.

The end result of all this, handled through consummate
roleplaying, is that the character gains some powerful allies,
and player and Storyteller both have an enjoyable time.
Additionally, the Storyteller has added another layer of
depth and realism to the chronicle, and has in this one session
planted the seeds of at least four future stories; stories the
player will both anticipate — and fear.

The Constituents

Every vampire is a part of the electorate, whether she
likes it or not. The very fact of being a vampire means she can
substantially impact the unlives of the Kindred around her,
for good or ill. Naturally, said Kindred want to take advantage
of her.

The vampiric "electorate" is different from the mortal
one. The term electorate is actually misleading, though
preferable to "herd" and "dupes." Kindred rarely (very rarely)

settle their disputes with a vote. If there is a vote, then the
result is usually a foregone conclusion, having already been
decided through arm-twisting, threats and even violence.

Instead, the vampires are constituents who must have
their interests taken care of before they will consider support-
ing the politician. For instance, if a Toreador Artiste seeks
assistants to avenge his snub at a Poseur party, the characters
become his constituency. He will offer them a great deal to
help block the leading Poseur's efforts to have the Sports
Museum declared part of Elysium.

The most common payment isa future boon. Unless the
characters force the Toreador to pay off in full, they know
they can rely on him for favors for a long, long time. These
favors may take the form of votes during Toreador gatherings,
invitations to select parties, and helpful tidbits of informa-
tion.

Payment can also be more tangible, coming in the form
of money, blood, valuable art oran immediate service. On the
other hand, the characters may refuse any payment, making
the Toreador sweat it out until they hit him with their
demands well after the Poseur's efforts have been blocked.

Finally, the characters benefit by advancing a friendly
vampire at the expense of a neutral or hostile one. When the
Toreador succeeds in blocking the Sports Museum plan, he
proves his superiority to otherclan members before the whole
city, and rises in Kindred esteem. Since he is now favorably
inclined toward the characters, they will gain interest on
their investment as the Toreador's aid becomes more and
more valuable.

Characters can greatly benefit from being constituents,
or they can suffer just as greatly. Siding with the wrong group
is an often-fatal mistake. Though the characters may be able
to mitigate their punishment through judicious politicking
after the fact, just being associated with a loser is bad enough.
Then again, being on the winning side has its own drawbacks.

The first of these drawbacks is the omnipresent threat of
revenge by the losers. Politics makes strange bedfellows, but
it makes terrible enemies, especially when said enemies
remember their humiliation for all eternity. Most Kindred
have enough sense to realize that an enemy today may
become anally tomorrow, but those who don' tare prime story
material.

Other drawbacks come from the very essence of victory.
The winners gain more recognition among the Kindred, and
are more likely to become involved (wittingly or otherwise)
in other vampires' machinations. Licks seek out the charac-
ters' help, meaning the characters make enemies either by
refusing them or by siding with them against a third party.

The characters must stay on their toes when choosing
which politicians to support. Not only do they have to decide
if their side can win, but they have to determine the costs of
victory versus the costs of inactivity. They can gain a great
deal or suffer a great deal, but they can't just sit there, caught
between the fire and the sun.

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 181


Politics and the Coterie

Internal politics are the bane of most roleplaying games,
but not so with Vampire. The characters in the coterie have
their own goals and motivations, based completely around
what their players want, and thus will inevitably be at odds at
least occasionally. The Storyteller should be prepared to take
full advantage of this.

Most of the time, the characters will probably work
together to further common goals; after all, that is the
purpose of a coterie. When they don't, however, the story
possibilities are endless. Orders from clan leaders can spark
this sort of conflict, but the players will probably disagree on
their own at least once in a while.

There are no limits to the sorts of politicking that can go
on within a coterie. Different players will want the group to
have other objectives, and others will see it as nothing more
than a vehicle their characters can use to expand their own
power.

The Storyteller will have less influence over these sto-
ries than most, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. This
can make for some of the best roleplaying, as players match
wits not against two-dimensional Storyteller characters, but
against each other. The Storyteller may even want toencour-
age these sessions by letting players know that their characters'
clan standing has fallen because of their collaboration with
members of other clans.

Just keep a close watch to ensure that these stories do not
hurt future storytelling. Take special care not to appear to
take sides. Finally, if the internal politics become too divi-
sive, take matters into your own hands and give the troupe a
common enemy to fight — one who will require everyone's
cooperation to defeat.

Political Stories

Almost any story can have political overtones, so this
section only deals with some of the most common plots and
story threads. These do not have to dominate the story; they
can be as important or as insignificant as the Storyteller
desires.

Mortal politics have intentionally been left off this list.
While there is plenty of room therein for Kindred involve-
ment and vampiric conflict, these are issues to be settled
among the Kindred themselves. After all, the mortals are
mere trophies to be awarded through success in the arena of
vampiric politics.

Advantage — This is a subtle game of one-upsmanship,
where one vampire or coterie seeks to prove its superiority
over another. The characters can be either side of that
equation, or they may instead be the vehicle used in gaining
this advantage. Maybe the players are placed in the awkward
position of having to decide which Toreador's artwork is
better, or proving that the Gangrel have secretly allowed the
Lupines to use a city park, or disrupting a Brujah Rant to
prove the ineffectiveness of the one who called it.

Alliances — These shift nightly among the undead, and
it is the characters' job to make sure they've chosen wisely.
They must negotiate, spy, cajole and blackmail to strengthen
their side and weaken the others. Of course, these groups can
interlink. The characters must be careful neither to weaken
a group that may be able to help them this night, nor to
impair any group that could help them on a future night.

Coup d'etat — Someone (the characters, perhaps) is
looking to replace the Powers That Be. Even if the usurpation
is to be violent — something few immortals will risk — there
will still be a great deal of politicking going on behind the
scenes. Both sides will be lining up every ally they can,
playing old enemies against each other and offering every-
body the moon. If the characters choose not to take sides,
both groups may try and eliminate them just to make sure
they don't join the other camp, and the winner will remem-
ber their reluctance to get involved.

Diplomacy — In the modern age, most negotiations
take place face-to-face (or via telephone), but not all. There
will always be a role for the intermediary, and the characters
are just expendable ... er, skilled ... enough for the job. Now
they have to meet those powerful elders on behalf of their
Mentor, present their side without offending anyone, and
survive the consequences of what they put into motion.

Peacemakers — This is an odd position for the undead,
but one that can raise the characters' status immensely.
Undead society is in constant turmoil, and if the characters
can stop it (even fora little while), then everyone will have
to look up to them. Of course, this is never easy. If the elders
have the anarchs on the run, why would they want to lighten
the pressure? What could the characters offer the Lupines to
keep them from renewing their attack on the city? Why
should that powerful mage leave the characters' Allies alone?
Not only do the characters have to figure out what all sides
want, but they must be in a position to offer it. This is not an
easy role for the characters to play, but it can be a very
rewarding one.

Permission — Vampires are often amazed that despite
their great power they face an endless number of restrictions.
The Six Traditions are just the beginning. Most princes enact
their own laws, and then clan elders add even more. Soon the
characters find themselves unable to move for fear of break-
ing somebody's rule. In this case they have to get permission,
orblock somebody else from getting permission. How they go
about this will be as unique as your players themselves. Some
will bargain, some will orate, some will threaten, and some
will come up with methods that blow your mind.

Prestation — Prestation is as undying as the vampires
themselves, and will last as long as two of the undead still
move. Kindred trapped within its webs may prove invaluable,
for they must either pay the characters off completely or serve
them indefinitely. The characters can also be trapped within
its bonds, and forced to serve the vile Tremere leader (at least
until they discover he was behind the plot that left them in
his debt).

182 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Prestation can also be manipulated and traded among
the undead. For example, the characters are owed a boon by
a Malkavian, who is in turn owed a boon bya Nosferatu. If the
characters need the Nosferatu's services, they can release the
Malkavian from her debt in exchange for the Malkavian
transferring to them the Nosferatu's debt. Now the Nosferatu
is honor-bound to help them, and the characters can proceed
with their plot. Of course, it is never this easy, and the
characters may find themselves going mad trying to get the
Malkavian to make the trade.

Punishment — It seems like some vampire is always in
trouble, and the Traditions are always being violated. Usually
the characters are the ones in danger of punishment, but not
always. That's just the easy way. After all, it's a rare night
when someone is punished merely because she deserves to be
punished. Punishment is a purely political game, and those
who have influence decide whom to discipline (or torture, or
kill). Of course, if the characters can convince everyone that
their enemy is to blame for their crimes, more power to them.

Treachery —Treachery is second nature to the undead,
and characters who do not look out for it will surely suffer
from it. Those who use it to their advantage should also suffer
for it —just a little bit later. In any case, treachery can come
from any angle. Maybe an old friend sacrifices the characters
in order to get their enemy on his side. Maybe a member of
the primogen offers the characters his assistance in voting
against a Tremere plan, only to approach the Tremere
secretly and make a better offer. Just when the characters
believe they have their schemes sewn up, jack ‘em. Leave
them off balance and at risk, while wondering what they did
wrong that allowed this to happen.

Political Settings

Political stories, besides taking a number of forms, can
take place in a wide variety of locations, with a wide variety
of participants, for an endless variety of purposes. Yes, vam-
pires have their own version of the smoke-filled backroom —
though usually it's a smoldering Lick who provides the
smoke.

City Politics

The most obvious example of a political setting is that of
the city itself. Every vampire, no matter how weak or how
powerful, must keep a close eye on how politics in his
hometown are going. Is the prince looking to take away the
characters' feeding ground? Is the primogen planning an-
other offensive against those upstartanarchs? Are the Toreador
trying to get all Nosferatu banned from the city as a matter of
principle? Each character needs to keep up with these events.

The major players in the city setting are the prince, the
primogen and clan leaders. However, other (and possibly
more important) participants may be less obvious. For in-
stance, an intelligentancilla in control of the city's newspapers
and television stations must be consulted on major issues,

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 183


184

especially whee said tastes involve the Masqucuadenn acity
near the wilderness, vampires constantly look to. a Gangrel
with ties to the Lupines.

The second tier of actors in clan politics is made up of the
Harpies— generally the remaining elders and ancillae—and
leading anarchs. At the bottom are the rank-and-file neo-

nates whomake up the bulk of most cities' vampire population
These are the Licks most likely to suffer the effects of these
political games, who most need to be involved in them, and

who usually are not.

Clan Politics

The second setting for politics is the clan setting. Clan
forums, which can be local, regional or even worldwide,
generally have at least a facade of amicability. In the end, of
course, clan politics are as deadly as any others, especially if
you are a Brujah.

The clans gather for a variety of reasons, but generally
their meetings are called to react to external events. For
instance, a Nosferatu leader may call for a meeting to discuss
an insane Malkavian power play in the primogen. A minor
Brujah may call fora clan Rant in order to force redress from
the Ventrue who assaulted her.

Sometimes, clans gather to set policy for all members to
follow, but this has a smaller chance of success. The Tremere
has better luck at this than the other clans, but even its
leaders have to worry about how individual chantries and
members interpret policy, as when clan leaders call for
worldwide surveillance of faerie glens. Even the Warlocks
have no way to know if all their members are following the
orders, how aggressively they are carrying them out and what
they are doing with the information so gathered.

The other clans have even less success creating unifying
policies. Even when something is done in everyone's best
interest, clan leaders can be sure someone will sell them out.
Whether the betrayal is performed out of greed, the use of
Dominate, the Blood Bond, etc., is irrelevant.

Remember that characters may occasionally find it
necessary to visit other clans. While non-clan characters may
find their input ignored at best, and violently resented at
worst, they may find these meetings worth the risk. For
instance, ifa Ventrue really wants to bring peace to the city,
then attending the Brujah Rant and surviving its members'
abuse is invaluable.

Sect Politics

The final area to consider is that of the sect. This
generally means the Camarilla, for it has the most members
of any sect, but the Sabbat and the Inconnu have their own
politics as well. Sectwide meetings, such as the Camarilla's
gatherings ever
for these kinds of politics. At these meetings, sect leaders
decide issues of policy, handle (or mishandle) controversial
issues, choose leaders and set the sect's course until the next
sectwide gathering.

y 13 years in Venice, are the general forums

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


These sects also have smaller, less important confer-
ences to handle matters of limited importance. For instance,
when two princes battle, a Justicar may call a Conclave.
When two Sabbat packs clash over territory or members, a
bishop may step in to decide the matter.

‘What many sect members do not realize is that these are
not the limits of sect politics. Because these meetings are the
only times most vampires see the sect in action, they assume
that these meeting are truly representative of the Camarilla
or the Sabbat. What they do not see is that these Conclaves
and meetings merely confirm what has been decided in
private long ago. While this is not always the case, it is true
often enough that characters should learn to politick any
time they get the opportunity, and not justafter the Conclave
has been called.

Justicars can always be contacted and buttered up, their
archons aided or subjected to blackmail, and allies lined up.
Characters may even find it in their benefit to have a Justicar
call a Conclave, though they had better have done the
groundwork well ahead of time.

The Political
Experience

Modern neonates are amazed when they discover that
the politics of the Kindred more closely resemble their own
high school experiences than anything else. There are no
great ethical and moral disputes to separate the sides. Vision
and drive play second fiddle to charisma and backbiting.
Relationships are marked by cliques, conformity, mindless
rivalries, petty feuds and a fear of one's elders.

The similarities do not stop there. There is no official
power structure aside from the prince, and he has as much (or
as little) poweras he can seize. Vampires must thus be coerced
and persuaded instead of ordered. Just as in high school,
violence can be used to get others to do as one likes, but it is
a threat likely to backfire if the wrong person is targeted or if
enough people become upset.

Also, as in high school, status is rarely based on real
accomplishment, and instead comes from the status of those
with whom one associates. Vampires form their cliques and
alliances out of both friendship and necessity, and those
Kindred who can cross the boundaries are the ones who
succeed in the politics of the undead. They succeed through
respect, persuasiveness and even likability — a secret most
Kindred never learn.

DuSable slowly walked across the bare warehouse floor
toward the makeshift stage where the remaining members of Baby
Chorus tuned their instruments. Aware of how intently they
watched him despite their best efforts to appear nonchalant,
DuSable halted 20 feet in front of them. He stood stock still until
they gave up the pretense of ignoring him, and then began his well-
rehearsed speech.

"L understand this is the first practice you have had since my
childe, Garwood, was murdered. I know the loss you feel, for he
always counted you as his staunchest friends, and told me of the
pleasure he feltin your presence. I just wanted to let you know that
lappreciate the camaraderie you shared with him, and wish you the
best."

With that, DuSable turned and left, smiling at the confusion
he knew he had created. The first bridge had been built, and
DuSable's initial move in the game to become prince had been
made. While none of the members of Baby Chorus were the
leading members of their clans, each was respected. Their support
could be crucial in his bid to rule Chicago.

The Building Blocks

Anyone interested in entering the fray of vampiric
politics had better go in well prepared. This is not a game for
the faint of heart; indeed, it is a deadly contest of high stakes,
where nothing is forbidden and winner takes all. Involve-
ment requires basic preparation and essential tools. Those
who have these are that much closer to success.

Power

Ofcourse, no matter how well liked a vampire is, she will
never go far in the Kindred world unless she has at least some
modicum of real power. A 13th-generation actor may be
extremely well liked, but no one is going to make him prince.
On the other hand, nobody may like the fifth-generation
Gangrel, but everyone's going to listen when she speaks.

This is the most important raw material in the arena of
vampiric politics. The Disciplines are the most obvious
manifestation of the power factor. No matter how good a
brawler a character may have been in mortal life, he'll have
little chance against that Toreador with five levels of Celer-
ity. No matter how charismatic the politician may have been,
any ugly Ventrue with levels in Presence will easily outshine
her.

While using the Disciplines, especially Dominate and
Presence, on other vampires is often considered bad form, a
character needs to make sure that everyone else is aware of his
power. After all, just because such use is not approved does
not mean it never happens, and the character is better off on
the giving end than the receiving.

Dominate has an obvious role in politics, though it is
usually used long before any commands are given. Thus the
character might Dominate a Brujah into voting her way, and
forgetting he was ever Dominated. Presence is much harder
to work into Kindred politics.

Presence works best before crowds, where swaying a few
people can create a groundswell of support. This makes it less
effective among the Kindred, who rarely gather in large,
emotional groups, and who pride themselves on making
rational, intelligent decisions (Ha! ). They are also infinitely
more likely to recognize the use of Presence than are humans.

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 185


\4

Other Disciplines also have their places. Animalism and
Obfuscate allow the character to function as a capable spy.
Auspex provides a character access to a great deal of useful
information. Physical Disciplines, like Celerity, Fortitude,
Potence and Protean, make it less likely a character will be
threatened. Additionally, a Storyteller can be sure that
players will put their Disciplines to uses she could never have
imagined.

"You did well to call me." DuSable leaned over the body,
examining it carefully. "Ofcourse, there is no prince to enforce the
Traditions, but there are others. I hear the Wolf Pack has taken it
upon itself to punish those who violate the Masquerade. Its brand
of justice tends toward finality."

Gengis looked on nervously as DuSable pulled a long white
feather from his jacket. The Brujah shifted from foot to foot as
DuSable plied the feather, gently dusting the bloody body. Gengis
could not believe he had actually phoned the Warlock after his
frenzy. Why was he so worried? He'd killed before, in even more
messy ways, and had never worried about it. This time, however,
he had felt a desperate desire to call the Tremere after his frenzy had
turned this corpse into a bloody wreck.

Then, as Gengis watched, the body of the murdered kine
began to rearrange itself. Wounds closed, blood disappeared and
even the clothing returned to normal. DuSable put the feather
away and stood up, turning to look at the wide-eyed Gengis.

"You will call me again should you kill someone in sucha way
as to risk the Masquerade. You will forget I gave you this
command." He stared deep into Gengis' eyes and saw surprise and
then indifference sweep over them. Satisfied that his mesmerism
had succeeded, DuSable began walking out of the dark alley. "It's
always a pleasure to help my Kindred," he said with acheery wave.

These powers play an additional role above and beyond
direct use. The very knowledge that a vampire has substantial
experience in the vampiric Disciplines is a great deterrent to
the machinations of other Kindred. Just believing that a
Cainite can make everyone around her feel her Majesty
means direct attacks are almost out of the question. A
vampire who has learned to possess people can theoretically
use another Kindred's ghouls and Retainers against him,
making her foes even more paranoid.

Thus, even if the Disciplines never come into play, they
make the character seem that much more effective. It is thus
more likely she will get her way, that younger Licks will
follow her in matters of importance, and that her equals will
think twice before interfering with her plans.

Some vampires play the dangerous game of making
themselves seem more powerful than they really are. The first
disadvantage to this is the risk that someone will call their
bluff, and be happily surprised when they cannot escape by
turning to mist. The second, and more likely, disadvantage is
that such deception will bring the characters to the attention
of their betters, who will be more than happy to use the
characters' powers to their own benefits ... and be horribly
upset when the characters cannot come through.

186 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

Connections

The second raw material comes from the other Kindred
with whom the character associates. Not only is a vampire
known by the company he keeps, but his associates make
their wishes known through him. These ties can be mutually
beneficial or parasitic. It does not matter.

The most obvious connection the character has is to his
sire. In many cases this is positive, as Kindred who sire have
generally earned the esteem of their peers and are powerful
enough to keep other vampires from using their childer for
dinner. Being created by a Ventrue almost automatically
grants a character Status at the outset of unlife. On the other
hand, having a Nosferatu for a sire means the character will
only start with Status if the sire was extremely powerful.

Thenextconnections come through the clan. Ifthe clan
leaders approve of the character, they can be used to further
the character's political ambitions. If, on the other hand,
they dislike the character, their opposition must be overcome
or used to the character's advantage — "Yes, Ballard, | will be
glad to tell you what my fellow Brujah Maxwell says at the Rant."

A third, and often-overlooked, set of connections in-
volve the character's coteries — the other characters. Each
character in the coterie has her own reputation within the
city, and herown connections. When it becomes known that
the characters associate on a regular basis, their reputations
(positive and negative) begin to reflect on one another.

There are other types of connections, but most of these
will be handled as detailed in "Prestation," below. The three
listed above are the most common and most useful, as well as
the ones with which characters will start play. It is up to the
players to come up with the rest.

These connections play an important role in politics.
They will often provide the characters with their entry into
the world of politics, beginning with the moment their sire
introduces them to the prince, and continuing through
invitations to clan gatherings and those fabled parties where
the real decisions are made.

The old saying that it isn't what you know but whom you
know is only slightly less true among the undead. These
connections may support a character's plans just to advance
one of their acquaintances at the expense of other, more
hostile vampires. Additionally, the fact that they are tied to
a character means they can be more confident that the
character will honor the bonds of prestation.

Just like everything else involving vampires, connec-
tions have their downsides as well. Most obviously, your
friends' enemies often become your enemies. If a character
was sired by a Toreador who has long battled the Brujah's
vandalism in Elysium, then the anarchs are automatically
against him. If one of the characters in the coterie gets on the
wrong side of the prince, the entire coterie will be so colored.

Another downside comes from the prestation ties. The
more vampires to whom a character is tied, the more boons
and favors said character owes. Of course, if prestation is used


correctly, the character may well come out ahead. More
likely, since the character is a mere neonate, he will end up
owing his betters.

The final downside comes from the alienation of one's
connections. In Vampire, itis far too easy to betray those who
might have been called friend. While all vampires say they
keep an eye open for treachery, all have been surprised at one
point or another. The character can be on either the giving
or the receiving end but, either way, he should be prepared to
deal with a new foe who knows him as well as any friend can.

"The Tremere DuSable is making his move. The one-armed
upstart would be prince. How could any Cainite, no matter how
foolish or how corrupt, support a Warlock as his ruler?" Maxwell
turned from the window and peered into the dimness of his
basement apartment. "What do you think, Damien? You've had
the misfortune of knowing him longer than I have."

Damien sat in a wicker chair, fiddling with an odd medallion
he found sitting on the ebony coffee table. "Well, DuSable ain't
really your typical Tremere. I know they all try and make you like

them, but you still always go away feeling like you bathed in lye
He's kinda different. A lot of important folk like him."

"I know he has allies," Maxwell growled. "Obviously his
master, that boy in the suits, wants him to be prince. That's all the
more reason for others to stop him."

"Nicolai's not the only one. I know he's had some dealings
with Khalid, and some of the other anarchs say Juggler might
support him. Gengis says it has to do with something that went

down in Gary, but I don't know. I've even heard some talk that
he's involved with Maldavis, but I don't know how." Damien put
down the medallion, stood up, and went over to where a saber hung
on the wall.

‘Most of the Ventrue like him, and he occasionally shows up
at Annabelle's parties. Some anarchs used to learn magic from
him, but they're dead now. No, these bloodsuckers might not be
DuSable's friends, but most of them wouldn't mind atall ifhe were
prince."

Status

The Status Background is another crucial element for a
career in politics. Other Kindred must take a character
seriously in order for her to have much impact on them.
Neonates will rarely even be allowed to speak, much less have
their advice followed. On the other hand, a Ventrue elder
maynever have demonstrated much talent or wisdom, but his

three dots in Status ensure that others listen to his wishes.

The easiest way to gain Status is to buy it during
character creation. It can be earned and awarded to charac-
ters when the Storyteller feels they deserve it. This should
rarely be because of the events of one story. Afterall, any idiot
Lick can get lucky once or twice. If characters gain Status
during play, it should only come after consistently proving
their competence and ability

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 187


Afterall, a mere two dots in Status means other Cainites
consider the character the equivalent of an ancilla. Ancilla
are often more than 100 years old, and have slowly and
methodically earned the respect of their peers. We may

expect more from the characters, but other Kindred do not

Status plays a variety of roles in politics. A player may
roll Appearance + Si
rez

atus to determine how others initially

sma + Status roll (difficulty

ct to her character. A Char

depends on the situation) can determine whether princes
and

ders are willing to listen to the character. More com-
monly, however, the Storyteller will want to make these
determinations based on roleplaying and modified by the
character's Status. Status also determines if other vampires
seek out the character during political maneuverings.

Status also has its downside. The Background negatively

affects dealings with anarchs and the Sabbat. It increases the
character's visibility among vampires, meaning the character
will be one of the first ones named ifa hunter forces a neonate
to talk.
"Yes, DuSable, I will be glad to listen to you," Inyanga
purted, rubbingher leopard coat against the bark ofa tree. "You've
made quite aname for yourself recently, youknow." With that she
curled up in the park grass and tuned her gaze on him

DuSable feigned surprise. "Recently? I would have hoped
that after all my
myself long ago."

service to the city, I would have made a name for

A low rumble echoed in Inyanga's throat. DuSable hoped it
was the way a leopard laughed, but he had no way to know. He
leaned against the park bench behind him, and hoped for the best

"Don't worry, DuSable. Everyone knows who you are. Ha!
Most believe you are the Tremere leader here. As if the Tremere
would put an African in charge of such a city."

"The clan isn't that reactionary. I have found far more
opportunity in its ranks than I ever had among the Canaille. Its
leaders have proved far more receptive to my talents than this city's
citizens did." DuSable relaxed and sat on the bench, resting his
stump on its back.

‘And
Many vampires know you now, and many of them fear you as
well. Your battle against the shapeshifters was a good example.
The simple act of defeating so many at once would have been cause
enough for respect. Then invitingall the Kindred to share the safety
of the chantry until the attacks ended... that was a bit risky

you have certainly put that opportunity to good use.

"But, you are right, DuSable. Youmade your name long ago.
Now then, what can I do for the Warlock who would be prince?"

Prestation

The prestation game, while primarily a social affair,
plays a substantial role in Kindred politics. Even so, the
t — just

lower-level boons don't have that much of an effec
because you once helped a member of the primogen does not
mean he feels beholden to you to the extent that he will vote
the way you want.

188 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Properly used, however, small favors can be parlayed
into information, access and minor support. The big favors,
of course, are extremely valuable. Princes are usually the
masters of this game. They are in a position to give a lot of
people exactly what they want, be it feeding grounds, ven-
geance, money, support, etc. Kindred so helped are thereafter
bound to the prince, forced to follow her on almost any
matter.

This is one of the ways most princes keep their primogen
inline. Justappointing an elder to this prestigious council can
count as a moderate favor. From there, the prince can keep
playing out the favors and gifts until the members of the
primogen, usually the most powerful Cainites in the city
(next to the prince), are tied to her for all eternity.

Prestation may well cause every vampire in the city to
owe the prince. Inviting a neonate to her party means that
the neonate must defer to her. Some consider mediating a
dispute to be a minor favor. Granting a vampire exclusive
rights to a particular feeding ground can count as a moderate
favor. Callinga Blood Hunt on someone's foes (or not calling
it on a Lick who deserves it) is worthy of a life boon.

Prestation can also be used against the prince. She is the
vampire who gains the most enemies, and the one most likely
to need the characters' assistance. Characters need to keep
their eyes open for the chance to do the prince a favor before
their own debts become inescapably great.

The same rules apply to most Kindred in the city, just on
asmaller scale. Yes, there are vampires who spend their time
trying to do other Kindred favors, and most vampires will do
so if the opportunity presents itself and does not interfere
with their own plans. If the opportunity does not present
itself...well, maybe the vampire can nudge things along so it
does. "Why, it was my pleasure to squelch that newspaper story
about your haven being a toxic waste dump. No, I have no idea
who might have started such an ugly rumor. Let's hope the Lupines
haven't heard it ..."

Once vampires start becoming bound in the prestation
web, things really become interesting. The character owed
the boon must be very careful not to overstep its boundaries.
After all, prestation only works as long as the favors are not
completely paid. The character will get far more mileage out
of dozens of small favors than he will from that one big one.

For instance, if the character warns a Tremere elder that
his Retainer has been corrupted by the Society of Leopold,
the elder owes him a sizable favor — but nota life boon. The
character could cash it in immediately by having the elder spy
onthe prince for him. On the other hand, if the character can
survive without immediate information on what the prince
is doing, he could have the elder begin teaching him
Thaumaturgy, feeding him information on Tremere activi-
ties, letting him know what happened at primogen meetings
and supporting his efforts to expand his hunting grounds.

Of course, if the character needs the immediate favor,
then he should cash in the debt. If he can afford to drag out
payment, then one favor can return a hundredfold in the
forms of information, aid, support and so on.

There are two drawbacks to prestation. The first is that
the character may not know when the debt has been paid
back, and thus may be amazed when expected aid is not
forthcoming. The other is that the debtor may find a way to
put the character in her debt, and remember each and every
annoying demand made of her.

"So, you have some information for me?" DuSable sat
quietly in the limousine as he waited for the Brujah to answer.

After a minute, Gengis looked up from his nervous hands.
"Yeah, I got your information." He glanced around the car's
spacious interior. "You sure no one can see in these windows?"

"Gengis, if you think the Tremere would rely on mere tinted
windows for privacy, then you are more naive than I thought. If
something can see through these windows, then it is beyond our
ability to worry about. Now, what do ‘you have to tell me?"

Gengis looked out the window for another minute before
responding. "I talked to Damien last night. He was trying to getme
on Maxwell's side. It seems Old Prince Max is getting ready to
make his move."

After a moment's silence, DuSable asked, "Tell me more of
this move. What did Damien say Maxwell will do? Come now,
Gengis: I know more went on than just that."

"I don'tknow his plan, man," Gengis said sullenly. "Damien
did say Maxwell thought one of the Ventrue was gonna move soon.
He said he had a plan to stop them and, as soon as they were out
of the running, he was gonnaannounce himself prince. I guess he'd
split the primogen and take out all his challengers while they're
farting around."

"You guess? What else did Damien tell you?"

"Nothing, man. That was it. Then we went out house-
hunting. Man, let me out. I've told you everything."

DuSable pressed the car's intercom and told the driver to stop
by the next alley. "That wasn't much," he said as Gengis opened
the door. "I hope next time you will be able to tell me something of
value. Haven't made a mess recently, have you?" Gengis turned
to reply, but the door shut, and the limo drove off into the night.

The Game

Now that the characters have their equipment, they
need to learn the rules of the contest. Kindred games are
rarely settled through direct confrontation; when they are, all
participants may lose. Vampires are much better off when the
actions of intermediaries determine their fates, with Cainites
mapping strategy for those involved.

Followers

The least valuable pieces in this game are the mortal
pawns and institutions with which the undead interact.
Businesses, police, journalists, government agencies and (less
often) hunters can all play a role in politics. These pieces

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 189


190

often determine the issue involved, as when the prince is
trying to decide how to handle a 60 Minutes report of
problems at the blood bank. Sometimes they are the battle-
ground, as when two Kindred vie for control of the downtown
nuclear reactor.

Mortals obviously have their limits when dealing with
immortals. They are no physical matches for vampires, and
they usually donot know there is anything special about their
foes. Still, no vampire wants to have the police harassing him
while he sleeps during the day.

These followers play a variety of roles (besides prizes) in
politics. Most commonly, they serve as distractions, forcing
an opponent to deal with these annoyances before handling
important matters. Such use of mortals can also lower an
enemy's Status, for if a vampire cannot handle mortals, then
what purpose can she serve among the undead?

The actions of mortals can line up Kindred constituents
on the character's side or cause them to oppose his adversar-
ies. If the character takes over the local banks, he can use
their money for massive bribes, foreclose on a vampire's
haven and blame it on the ancilla known for his control of
finances, and employ other such tactics.

As a general rule, mortals and their institutions play
minor roles in Kindred politics. Underestimating the kine,
however, can prove a major mistake.

Ballard's vast bulk set his oaken chair to squeaking as he
lowered himself into it. His tremendous fingers fumbled with the
files, and his eyes glared at Sovereign from under rolls of fat. "How
could this have happened? What did you do wrong?" he demanded.

Records seized by a district attorney. Unconscionable. These
were not just minor business records, either. These were the heart
and soul of Ballard's operations. Everything was in them. Every-
thing.

"I did nothing wrong. Really. I have no idea where this
prosecutor got his information. I can't believe he could have gotten
enough to justify a search warrant. I have our lawyers working on
it now," Sovereign pleaded.

Ballard sat back, resting his giant jowls in the palms of his
flabby hands. "They've had those records since this morning. With
their photocopiers, I'm sure there are a hundred copies by now.
When word of this gets out, there won't be a Lick in town who can
keep from laughing. That is, until they realize that those records
affect all of us.

"Damn Lupines! If they hadn't killed Lawrence, this would
never have happened. Damn mortals! For whom are they working
now? I can't believe Capone has control of the D.A. again. This
is too subtle for Maxwell." He pondered a moment, then spoke.
"All right, here's what we're going to do."

Allies

This section refers to vampiric allies, not mortal ones.
These are the Kindred who act with you, speak for you, and
possibly even take the blame when everything fails. They
play a double role in vampiric politics, for they are both

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


constituents and actors. For this reason, they are the most
important part of the game, and characters should look to
them for most of the action.

Whena Malkavian wants to expand her hunting grounds
to the New Bedlam Home for Wayward Boys, her most likely
source of powerful support will come from the Malkavian
clan leader. When a Ventrue wants to get a Blood Hunt
called on a Nosferatu, he had better have close ties to the
prince or her friends.

Of course, the allies needed to accomplish something
vary from city to city. If the characters want the prince to
cease his offensive against the Lupines, then they will either
need Gangrel support if the clan is respected, or its opposition
if most people think of its members as traitors.

Allies can also serve as envoys, spies, and anything else
the characters can think of. In short, they are the major
players in any power play involving the undead. Allies may
only work with the characters on one project — friends
tonight and enemies tomorrow — but characters should not
spurn the assistance of even the lowliest Lick.

The issue of allies involves two parts — recruitment and
usage. First of all, the characters need to seek out like-minded
Kindred for their plots. This can be as easy as approaching a
Ventrue elder in an attempt to get the prince to ban an
anarch leader from the city, or as complex as convincing the
Tremere to support one candidate for the primogen so that
the Brujah, Malkavians and Toreador will be forced to
nominate one of the characters in order to stop the Warlocks.

The characters may only need one vampire's support, or
they may need to work with an entire spectrum of clans and
coteries. Some of these allies will be made easily, as when
dealing with members of one's coterie and clan, while others
will only be made with difficulty, as when dealing with
Malkavians.

The characters may have to offer their desired allies all
sorts of inducements, but many should be mollified by the
discovery that their actions will serve themselves as well.
Vampires try to avoid prestation debts, and go to great
lengths to convince others that what they do is in everyone's
best interests. "Yes, I know you don't want to get involved, but
if the prince manages to seize Oswald's feeding grounds today —
well, let's just say yours are next door."

Using these allies appropriately is the next step. There is
no reason to put a childe in a situation that calls for an elder,
or to waste an elder on one that could be handled by a
neonate. This is not Panama, and the doctrine of overwhelm-
ing force will only call more attention to the characters then
they desire.

The characters need to keep a close eye on other vam-
pires' prestation ties, friendships and powers. If they need
information, then they should seek out the Nosferatu or the
Toreador. If they need raw fighting power, then the anarchs
and/or Gangrel are probably the best bets, with the Ventrue
also a useful faction.

The multimillionaire ancilla will be more effective in
some situations than the Malkavian elder, and a Tremere
neonate will succeed in situations neither of them could.
Learning the best ways to apply their resources is yet another
reason for the characters to become involved with Kindred
society.

Ublo-Satha watched from the shadows as the team unloaded
the boat. With military precision the team members separated the
boxes and loaded them on the different trucks before driving off into
the night. Ublo-Satha spread her wings and flapped into the air,
unseen by mortal eyes.

The trucks began to split up, but Ublo-Satha had no trouble
keeping her eye on her target. It drove north of the docks, and soon
began cutting through the Barrens. When it turned off onto an
isolated, tree-lined road, Ublo-Satha made her move.

Her wings beat hard as she gained more altitude, and then she
began her dive. With a great swoop she crashed through the
windshield, shattering the driver's head before he knew what had
happened. Without a thought, she picked up the passenger, threw
him through the windshield and heard his head splatter against the
road.

She tore through the wall into the trailer. A fair-skinned man.
was turning a shotgun on her; she grabbed his jacket, pulled him
toherand ripped outhis throat. As she did so, she felt the truck buck
as it ran into one of the trees.

Scanning the packages in the back of the truck, she picked up
the two labeled "Blood, IRS," and grabbed a large crate from
whence moaning had begun to issue. She kicked open the back of
the truck, where avan had pulled up. A chauffeur anda young boy
in a black suit stepped out. Neither showed any surprise at the
scene before them or the Gargoyle' fierce appearance.

They loaded the boxes into the van, and Nicolai opened the
crate as they drove away. He checked the pulse of the beautiful
Italian woman he found within, and turned to Ublo-Satha with a
smile. "Well, it seems Capone may have to go without bribes or
dinner for a few nights. I believe DuSable will be most happy."

Credibility

A character's credibility among the undead is another
important element of the game. Trust is a key to both
influence and survival. While no vampires of any intelli-
gence will ever trust another to a great degree, a Lick who
faces overt suspicion and mistrust will have no chance of
succeeding in the political arena.

Vampires have to keep their word and avoid lying as
much as possible. After all, they have an eternity to deal with
each other, but can ruin their reputations ina single moment.
Kindred walk a fine line; they must avoid both being honest
to the extent that it will hurt them, and lying in a way that
can be detected and hurt them even more.

Credibility involves more among the Kindred than just
trusting someone's word. It also involves some knowledge of
where the vampire fits into the schemes and manipulations
of the Cainites. If the characters know two powerful vampires

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 191


are feuding, then they will need to have some idea of where
other Kindred fit into this feud before involving them in their
own plans.

A vampire can maintain credibility while under some-
one else's influence, as long as said influence is apparent.
When vampires start acting without obvious motivation, or
working in a way that is contrary to their normal pattern,
then the amount of trust they have generated begins to
decline. Of course, if they have a tremendous amount of
credibility stored up, they can do this for a while before
suffering the effects.

It isa rare Cainite who can convince others that no one
else controls his actions, or that he will always act in a
predictable, trustworthy manner. These vampires often com-
mand other Licks' friendship and allegiance, for they are the
few who can be consistently trusted. This is a powerful
weapon in the political arena, and one Storytellers can use to
full advantage. After all, characters are notorious for putting
their trust in the wrong places.

"TIL kill Ballard with my own hands! No, I'll kill his family,
and let the fat slug starve to death." Capone grabbed the baseball
bat from the floor without interrupting his pacing. "Then I'll invite
him todinner, and ..." He grasped the baseball bat with both hands
and smiled, fangs barely showing from behind tight lips.

Then he slumped onto his leather couch. "I can't believe he
would be this bold. No, this isn't like Ballard. He would have had
some fool customs agent search the boat while it was in transit and
take what he wanted then. He wouldn't leave it wrapped around
a tree for all the world to see.

"But if it's not Ballard, then who? Maxwell? How would he
have heard about it? Plus, he probably would have wanted the
guns, money and drugs even more. The rest won't do him any

"The anarchs? No, they may have heard about it, but they
would have gone after all the other stuff first as well. Kevin Jackson
and his idiot Bloods would have done the same." He stood up and
took some practice swings with the bat.

"Sheriff might have done this, but he wouldn't move against
me now. He couldn't. He still needs me to protect him from the
anarchs, and he knows it. Besides, he would have tried to
blackmail me with it all by now.

"T know DuSable wants to be prince, but he would never do
anything like that ..."

Personality

A final part of the political game, one that comes into
play on a nightly basis, is personality. Despite their attempts
to be controlled and reserved, vampires retain that annoying
mortal habit of warming up to those with an agreeable
personality or a friendly attitude. By the same token, an
odious manner is a sure way to annoy vampires. Just look at
the player running the Nosferatu for proof of that.

Indeed, personality plays a far more pervasive role in
vampire politics than most undead would be willing to admit.
A member of the primogen who constantly seeks out other

192 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition

vampires' opinions, who appears to take their suggestions
into consideration, and who is willing to discuss important
issues with them will find the efforts pay off when she needs
broad-based support.

On the other hand, the ancilla who constantly seeks out
neonates, pushes them around and takes their territory will
find it very hard to drum up support when an elder starts
eyeing his control of the local prisons.

Personality is one of the more nebulous aspects of
politics, but it is also one of the most enjoyable to roleplay.
Characters should quickly learn that pushing their weight
around is the quickest route to defeat, while compromise and
friendliness, while occasionally detrimental, will pay off in
the long run — if they survive that long.

See what happens when the characters gain a position of
prominence and power. Sure, they may be the Justicar's
archons, but when she is not around ... Others may respect
their strength and might, but that will not do them much
good when they discover they have alienated an entire city's
worth of vampires. On the other hand, if they gain at least the
acceptance of the city's Licks, they may be surprised at who
comes to their side in times of trouble.

"Capone came to see me last night."

Inher surprise, Kathy Glens snapped off a tuning key as she
looked up at Damien. Staring closely, she assured herself that there
were no burns or gaping wounds on those parts of his body she
could see. "So he's dead then," she said.

"No, he just wanted to talk," Damien said as he took his
guitar from its case. "Seems someone's been messing with his
operations." He quietly started tuning his guitar.

Kathy managed to restrain her curiosity for a full minute
before she could stand it no longer. "So? Who did it? Why'd he
come after you?"

Damien listened closely to his E string before answering.
"The Tremere. He thinks DuSable was behind it. Seems he has
reason to think the attack came from the air."

"Why in the world would DuSable be after Capone? The
Warlocks and Blue Bloods have always been friends here. You
sure Capone isn't just setting you up in one of their goofy plots?"

"Seems the local courts have been going after Ballard's setup
as well. Capone says DuSable's got a lot of pull with the lawyers
and judges." Damien raised his eyes from his guitar and saw
Kathy's confused look. "I think he wanted me to talk with
Maxwell. The three of them going after DuSable might just be
enough to take him out."

Kathy smiled grimly. "More than likely they're trying to set
you and Maxwell up. What a stupid cover story. Nobody will
believe DuSable would pull that kind of crap."


ssc st5§ ONE TT

The Mistakes

Political games can go wrong in an innumerable variety
of ways. Each of the above sections details the specific hazards
associated with its topic, but the game is loose and freewheel-
ing. The Storyteller will be amazed at the opportunities she
gets to mess with the vampires' plans.

One general, and often fatal, failing is overconfidence.
Smart vampires are aware that they will never know all the
factors affecting their plans. They have contingency plans for
their contingency plans, and stay ready to adapt their plans
as the situation requires.

A second problem area is the accumulation of enemies.
While anyone involved in politics will gain foes, no vampire
should overstretch himself to the point that he is fighting on
more than two fronts — and even two may be too many.

A third mistake is playing one's hand too early. Intelli-
gent vampires understand that knowledge really is power
among their kind, and they keep an eye on everything that
can affect their plans. If they want to include a secret faerie
glen in their feeding area, then they had better make sure the
Tremere either do not know about it or do not care.

The flip side of this is being overcautious. If the charac-
ters keep gathering information and never move, then another
force will, and they will lose everything for which they have
struggled. If they wait too long to have their mage Ally's

sanctuary made off-limits, then the Giovanni will go in, and
the characters will be out one Ally, as well as being blamed
for the attack by a powerful order.

Of course, vampires make mistakes. Even if the players
do everything right, the Storyteller often throws a new
monkey wrench into the works, just because this is the
essence of group storytelling. The characters can still suc-
ceed, but they will have toact quickly and intelligently —the
height of roleplaying.

DuSable smiled as the strains of Bach's Fugue in D Minor
drifted out of the concert hall. Sovereign kept his same worried
stare as the two stood in the hall's empty lobby.

"Something really has to be done about the unrest in this city.
Ever since Lodin died, there has been no peace in Chicago. I'm
afraid to say it, but this city really needs a prince." As he spoke,
DuSable carefully monitored the Ventrue's reactions.

"Hey, I've got my own problems. I don't really care who'll
be prince. It may be that blob I call my sire, or it might be you. I
really don't care." The little man appeared nervous as he spoke,
and he looked anxiously around the lobby before looking at
DuSable.

"Well, perhaps I can make you more interested," DuSable
said. He tookasmall vial out of his coat and handed it to Sovereign.
Sovereign stared at the red fluid inside before reading the label.

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 193


"Kary Lumas. Accountant. Internal Revenue Service. Well,
maybe you would make a good prince, DuSable." Then Sovereign
stared hard at the Tremere. "How did you know my feeding
preferences?"

DuSable smiled. "A good guess? It really doesn't matter. Just
rest assured that there is more where this came from. I know what
a problem it has been getting quality vite recently." Just then the
music died down, and the two heard movement from within the
hall.

"Well, I need to get going. I'll be in touch shortly. It is a
pleasure knowing you support the best man for prince." With that,
DuSable turned on his heel and headed toward the parking garage.
Sovereign stood still as people began flooding out of the concert
hall. Then he headed toward the now-closed bar across from where
he stood.

He opened the gate and looked around. Sure no one was
watching, he opened the door that held the liquor supplies and
quickly slipped inside. He turned to the large form of his sire and
the slighter one of the infamous Mafia leader. All three vampires
smiled.

The Winner

Politics is not always a game of winners and losers, but it
usually is. True compromise is far rarer among the undead
than it is among the living, since vampires have eternity to
try and violate their deals. Thus winner takes all, until the
bell rings for the next round.

Winning affects vampires differently depending on the
situation, but two effects are of special importance in the
world of politics. First is the subject of access. Being successful
in politics means the vampire gains access to more important
vampires, and to deeper levels of intrigue.

Most vampires limit the amount of time spent with their
Kindred. The less time spent with others, the less chance one
has of being betrayed or slain. On the other hand, no vampire
can completely ignore all other vampires. Thus vampires try
to associate primarily with those who are powerful enough to
benefit them and less interested in betraying them or drink-
ing their blood.

Of course, powerful vampires try to limit the access less
powerful vampires have to them, unless they have some plot
in which the Lick could play a role — as pawn. Thus the
Kindred engage in yet another vicious circle.

Political success short-circuits this circle. Once a char-
acter becomes successful at these games, more powerful
Kindred find it necessary to include her in their plans. This
being the case, they seek her out and treat her as more of an
equal. This can be considered an aspect of increased Status,
but it goes beyond that.

Access is a factor best handled through roleplaying, for
the character can both grant it and deny it, and each action
has its own consequences. It is a valuable tool and, if used
correctly, can turna few victories into a steamroller, crushing
those who oppose the character.

The other factor to be considered from any victory is
backlash. If one vampire wins, then there is probably a loser
as well. The loser(s) will hopefully accept defeat with good
grace and seek to make the character an ally in the future, but
we know better.

Victory makes many vampires overconfident, and the
rest paranoid. Either outcome makes their real enemies' job
easier, and the battles go on. And on, and on and on, as the
Storyteller enjoys the possibility of infinite story ideas.

The prince looked out over Chicago's skyline. The city — his
city — sat silently before him. Somewhere the prince's enemies
were plotting. That was a certainty. But, for now, he could savor
the power. The city belonged to him. Things were right. The prince
ran his hand over a curved scabbard. They would stay right.

194 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Index

Annabelle's Party Elite, 173-175

Anthius, (Dread), 89-91, 170-171

Arcanum, The, 10

Arie Crown Theatre, The, 49, 162

Arlington Heights, 48

Arlington Racetrack 47

Art Institute, 30, 33, 36, 49-50

Arts Club of Chicago, 49

Auditorium Theater, 33

Baby Chorus, 33, 37-38, 45-46, 51-52, 95, 115,
163, 170-171, 185

Backroom, The, 51

Ballard, Horatio, 19-20, 27, 36, 39-40, 44, 60,
72, 80, 94, 98, 111, 124-129, 156-157, 162,186,
190, 192

Barrens, The, 35, 37-39, 44, 46, 55-57, 191

Bartholemew's Silver Crafts, 35

BattleMonster™ Center, The, 54

Bein & Fushi, 33

Billy's, 51

Biograph Theatre, 46

Black Panthers, 44, 70, 74-75

Block Gallery, 49

Blood Dolls, 46, 51-53, 114

Bloods, The, 129-131

Blue Velvet, 51-52, 98-99, 101-102, 164

Board of Trade, 30, 33, 128-129

Bordruff, Nathaniel 105-107, 156-157, 162

Bridgeport, 40, 42, 44

Broadway Costumes, 44-45

Bronwyn, 52, 95-101, 164, 166

Brookfield Zoo, 38, 47

Brujah, 15, 18-22, 25, 30, 33, 40, 42, 44, 62-63,
65-68, 70-74, 76-78, 109-110, 122, 137, 140, 146,
154, 156-157, 163, 171, 179-180, 182, 184-186,
189, 191

Bryan, 52, 97-101, 166

Buckingham Fountain, 39

Butler, Bill, 141-142, 176

Cabrini Green, 9, 38, 57, 130

Caitiff, 50, 73, 78, 94, 145, 157

Calhoun, Cedrick,107-108, 156-157, 162,175

Camarilla, 13-14, 21-25, 67, 71, 75, 81, 85, 88,
107, 114, 135, 137-139, 141-142, 144, 154-155,
157, 166, 170-171, 175-176, 184-185

Cameron, 45, 139-143, 176-177

Candidates for Prince, 10, 60, 131, 147, 153,
156, 158-159, 175

Capone, Al, 20, 27, 44, 48, 111, 124, 127-128,
156-157, 162,190-192

Capper & Capper, 30

Carlyle's Gang, 75, 83, 166-167

Carlyle, 44, 74-77, 81-83, 154, 166, 169

Carol Davis, (Maldavis), 23-25, 27, 68, 75, 78-
80, 106, 119-120, 127, 130, 133, 145, 154, 156-157,
166, 169-170, 176-177, 187

Carson Pirie Scott & Co., 30, 33, 48-49, 54-55

Central Library, 49, 162

Chantry, The, 25, 111, 117-120, 122-123, 163-
164,188

Chicago Academy of Science, 49

Chicago Board of Trade Building, 33

Chicago Board Options Exchange, 33

Chicago City Ballet, 49, 162

Chicago Cubs, 46

Chicago Guitar Gallery, 33

Chicago Historical Society, 49, 67

Chicago Knowledge, 60

Chicago Mercantile Exchange, 30, 33

Chicago Opera Theater, 49, 162

Chicago Reader, 52, 131

Chicago River, 35, 56

Chicago Sun-Times, 9, 131

Chicago Symphony Orchestra, 20, 50

Chicago Tribune, 9, 29, 131

Chief Black Hawk, 17, 27, 110, 146

Chinatown, 42, 44, 46

Cicero, 48, 132-133

City Sabbat, 174, 176

Civic Opera House, 30, 35, 49

Civic Theater, 35, 49, 162

Corbin, 95-101, 162, 164, 166, 175

Council Wars, 23, 27, 68, 157

Creative Workshop, 45

Critias, (Doctor), 26, 40, 42, 44, 46-48, 62, 64-
68, 73, 78, 154-156, 162

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 195


Cultural Center, 49
Daley Plaza and City Hall, 33
Daley's, 36
Damien, 46, 73, 94, 156-157, 169-171, 175,
187, 189, 192

Daniels, Gideon 44

Devil's Night, 19, 27

Dooley, Theodore, 60, 70

Downtown, 14-15, 25, 30, 32, 37-38, 45, 47-
48, 54, 56, 73, 112, 118, 179, 190

Drake, The, 36

Drummond, Edgar, 60

Drums Ltd., 33

DuSable, Abraham, 78-79, 118-119, 123, 156-
157, 162-163, 185-189, 191-194

East Side, 19, 30, 38

Elders, 179-180, 182, 184-185, 188, 10, 12-14,
19-20, 22-24, 33, 37-38, 45, 47-50, 53, 55-56, 60,
62, 68, 72-75, 78-79, 90, 106, 108, 111-112, 117-
119, 125, 134, 139, 153-157, 162-164, 169-170

Eletria, 112-114

Elucid, 25

Elysium, 181, 186, 12,20, 22-24, 27, 35, 37-39,
45, 48-50, 54-55, 125, 154-155, 162

Essence, 45

Evanston, 48-49, 104, 127

Ewell, Thomas, (Balthazar, Sheriff), 20-22, 27,
37, 62, 71-73, 154, 156-157, 170, 192

Fanum, 37

FBI, 10, 74

Field Museum of Natural History, 39

Fincher, Doyle, (Sledgehammer Doyle), 38,
42, 47, 86-88, 137, 176

Findlay Galleries, 36

Fine Arts Building, 32

Followers of Set, 147

Fort Dearborn, 17, 27, 110

Freeport Art Museum, 49

Gangrel, 19, 29-30, 37-38, 42, 63, 84, 88-89,
107, 137-138, 141, 154, 170, 180-182, 184-185,
191

Garou, (Lupines, Werewolves), 7-8, 10-11, 15,
19, 25-27, 36-37, 44, 47, 53, 68, 71, 73, 83-84, 86,
88-89, 94-95, 103, 105, 108, 110, 112, 119, 125,
145, 151, 156-157, 162-164, 169, 170-171, 176,
180-182, 184, 189-191

Gary Kindred, 172, 175

Gary, 8, 20-21, 27, 46, 48, 55-56, 69, 72, 94, 98,
108, 112, 125, 157, 169, 172, 175, 187

Genet, Dr. Oliver, 148

Gengis, 186-187, 189, 74, 170

Ginglass Formalwear Center*****

Giovanni, 148-149, 193

Glens, Kathy, 115-116, 171, 175, 192

Gold Coast, 37, 74

Gordon, Eugene S., 33

Government, 11, 13, 19, 24, 54, 56-57, 66, 79,
124, 126, 128, 132, 144, 189

Graceland Cemetery, 46

Grant Park, 39, 49, 94

Griffins & Gargoyles, 46

Gulfora, 150-151

Helena, (Portia), 17-18, 26-27, 53, 60, 63-68,
109-115, 118, 121, 153-157, 163-164, 166, 177

Hinds, Tommy, 19, 60

Hive, The, 30, 40, 54-55

Houston, Lolita, 140-141, 176

Hyde Park, 40, 42, 150

I Love A Mystery Bookstore, 32

Illinois Psychiatric Institute, 46, 48

Illinois, 8, 14, 79, 88, 90, 107, 132-134

Inconnu, 79, 103, 145, 184

Indiana, 8, 20,

International Folk Fair, 37

International Monetary Market, 30

Inyanga, 188, 18-20, 37-38, 46, 84-88, 154-
156, 162, 170, 177

J. Stephen Lawrence Rare Books, 32

Jackson Park, 39

Jackson, Kevin, 57, 128-129, 154, 156-157,
192
Johann, 60, 73
John Barleycorn Memorial Pub, 37
John Hancock Center, 37

196 Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Juggler, 26, 36, 61, 79, 154, 156-158, 168-169,
175, 187

Juggler's Anarchs, 36, 169

Kenneth Nebenzahl, Inc., 32

Khalid, 19-20, 25, 35, 103-106, 154-156, 162,
177, 187

Klein, Evan, (Raymond Falcon and others),
46, 94, 164, 171

Krevets, Jasper, 80-81, 166

Kroch's & Brentano's, 32, 55

Lake Michigan, 14, 38, 46, 48, 126, 128, 134

Levesque, Marc, 60, 72

Lincoln Park Zoo, 37-38, 87

Lincoln Park, 22, 37-38, 45-46, 67, 95

Linda Enfield, Inc., 49

Lo Pan, 44

Lodin, 7-8, 10-15, 19-27, 29, 33, 35, 37-39, 44-
45, 48, 50-51, 54-55, 57, 59-60, 66, 68-69, 72,
78-80, 87-88, 92-95, 98, 103, 106, 110, 112-113,
118-120, 124-131, 133-135, 144-145, 147-149,
154, 156-157, 160, 162-163, 169, 177, 193

Lodin's Brood, 33, 72, 125, 157, 160, 162

Lodin's Laws, 12

London Bookshop & Gallery, 32-33, 36, 49, 53

Loop, The, 30, 39-40, 44, 54-55

Lorraine, 133-135, 157

Lower Michigan Avenue, 35

Magnificent Mile, 30, 35, 37, 54

Malcolm, 88

Maldavis' Secret Allies, 177

Malkavians, 10, 20, 46, 49-50, 63, 65, 92-93,
110, 164, 191

Marcel, 147-148

Margarite, 142-143, 176

Maria, 111-112

Marshall Field's, 30, 54-55

Martin D'Arcy Gallery of Art, 49

Maxwell, 18-19, 27, 68-69, 92-93, 103, 110,
118, 145, 156, 186-187, 189-190, 192
Mayfair Regent, The, 36
Maywood Park, 47
McCormick Place, 40, 49
Medical Center District, 44
Meigs Field, 47

Meneleus, (Menele), 17-18, 26-27, 60, 62-66,
69, 110, 122, 146-147, 153-156, 163, 166, 177

Methuselahs, 10, 13, 18, 66, 73, 103, 110, 137,
153-156, 180

MidAmerica Commodity Exchange, 33

Midway Airport, 47

Midwest Stock Exchange, 33

Milton Lee Olive Park, 37

Milwaukee, 8, 10, 14, 45

Miomir's Serbian Club, 46

Modern Bookstore, 32

Modius, 19-21, 27, 48, 61, 69, 72, 112, 125,
156-157, 175

Mother's, 51, 111

Museum of Contemporary Art, 30, 33, 36, 49

Museum of Science and Industry, 39, 55, 150-
151

Navy Pier, 37

Neally, Edward, 60, 135, 137

Neon, 94

New Rituals, 121

Newberry, Jason, (Son), 48, 75, 93-95, 120,
124, 164, 176

Nicolai, 25, 27, 42,48, 117-122, 154-155, 157,
162-164, 187, 191

Night of Rage, 21, 24, 27

Nihilists, The, 169-170

Nomad Pack, The, 139, 176

North Side, 30, 35, 40, 45, 112

Northwestern University, 10, 48-49, 134

Nosferatu, 4-5, 19, 25, 30, 35, 42,49, 54, 56-57,
63, 76, 103-108, 120, 151, 155, 157, 162, 183-184,
186, 191-192

O'Hare Airport, 15, 25, 68

O'Leary, Maureen, 27, 92-93, 162, 164

Occult Bookstore, The, 46

Old Town Triangle, 38, 51

Orchestra Hall, 33, 49-50, 162

Oriental Institute Museum, 49

Orphan's, 37

Orthodox Temple of Akhenaton, The, 37

Outer Harbor, 37

Outlands, The, 29-30, 38, 45-48, 55-56
Park West, 37

Appendix: Politics among the Undead 197


al

Pentex, 54
Peterson, Joseph, 33, 38, 131-132, 156-157,
162

Petrillo Music Shell, 49

Piano Man Bar, 46

Pick-Staiger Concert Hall, 49

Police, 12-13, 19, 22-24, 37-39, 54-57, 69-70,
72, 76, 80-81, 85, 94, 124, 128, 132-133, 148, 180,
189-190

Powell's Book Warehouse, 32

Pranksters, The, 164-165

Primogen, The, 7, 10, 12, 18, 20, 23-25, 27, 48,
50, 59-60, 66, 68, 72-73, 78-79, 85, 92-93, 100,
103, 106, 111-112, 118, 125, 128, 133-134, 137,
153-157, 163, 177, 179, 183-184, 188-189, 191-
192

Procet, 19-20, 25

Prudential Building, 35, 54

R.S. Johnson Fine Arts, 36

Rack, 37-38, 40, 50-51, 57, 72, 94, 128

Randy Zelley, (Ramrod), 90-91, 170

Ratso's, 37

Ravnos, 4, 149

Rebekah, (The Monitor), 144-145, 157, 177

References, 9

Richard Fulcher, (Dickie), 78-80, 170

Richard Gray Gallery, 36

Rick's Cafe Americain, 51

Rigaud, Phillipe, 87, 94, 137-139, 176

Rosa Hernandez, (Rose) 38, 87-88

Rush Street, 38, 51

Sabbat, The, 7, 10, 12-13, 21,25, 27,61, 67-68,
70-71, 73, 75-76, 81, 87, 94, 101, 106, 111, 113-
114, 135, 137-142, 144, 153-154, 166, 169-170,
174, 176-177, 179, 184-185, 188

Samson, 141, 176

Schilke Music Products, 33

Schumpeter, Jacob, 33, 128-129, 156-157, 162

Sears Tower, The, 37, 55, 80

Second City Comedy Review, 38

Secrets, 61-62
Sewer Rats, 103, 161-162
She-Nannigans, 51
Shedd Aquarium, 39, 55, 145

Shejana, 149-150

Sid Sherman Musical Instrument Co., 33

Six Flags Great America, 47

Skokie, 48, 93-94

Smart Gallery, 49, 162

Society of Leopold, The, 10, 189

Soldier Field, 39, 47

South Side, 30, 38, 40, 43, 49, 106, 114-116,
136

Southwest Tattoo Emporium, 42

Sovereign, Alan 33, 47, 126-127, 190, 193-
194

Spangler Manufacturing, 45

Spiaggia, 36

St. Albus Fine Arts, 49

St. Stanislaus Kostka, 45

Stryker, Bret, 114-115

Succubus Club, 25-26, 51-53, 110-111, 114-
115, 147, 169-170

Tarnopolski, Joshua, (Blackjack), 69-70, 157,
169

Terra Museum, 36, 49

Toreador, 7, 13, 19-20, 23, 25, 30, 37, 45-46,
53, 63, 78, 82, 109, 111-112, 114, 132, 171, 175,
181-183, 185-186, 191

Tracy Graves, (Erichtho), 120, 122, 157, 163,
177

Tremere, 12-13, 20, 25, 27, 30, 32, 38-39, 42,
46, 48, 55, 78, 80, 111, 117-122, 150, 154-155,
157, 163-164, 182-184, 186-189, 191-194

Triangle Inn, The, 38

Triabell, Annabelle, 20, 23-24, 27, 66, 78,
111-112, 114-115, 132-133, 154-157, 162, 173,
175, 187 .

Trinity, The, 95, 166

Tyler, 15,27, 47,62, 67-70, 137, 140, 154-156,
162, 169, 176-177

Tyrus, 88-91, 170

Ublo-Satha, 191, 122-123, 163

Union Station, 33, 35

Union Stock Yard Gate, 42

University of Chicago, 40, 44, 49-50, 87-88

University of Illinois at Chicago, 44

Valerie, 79-80

198

Chicago by Night 2nd Edition


Ventrue, 11, 13-14, 19-25, 30, 32, 36-38, 42,
45-47, 53-55, 57, 62-63, 65, 67, 72, 75, 81-82, 109,
111, 113, 124, 137, 141, 144, 154, 156-157, 162,
170, 180-181, 184-187, 189, 191, 193
Victoria Longwood, (Hag), 82, 166
Viral Statistics, 14
Wade, Wendy, 87, 138-139, 140, 176
Walenski, Tammy, 104-105, 120, 162
Wallace, Raymond 81, 166
Washington, Harold, 13, 23, 27
Water Tower Place, 37, 75, 83, 166
Water Tower, 37-38, 75, 83, 166
Weatherbottom, Bobby, (The Hurricane) 132-
133; 157,175
West Side, 30, 36, 44-45, 99, 149
Wisconsin, 8

Wise Fools Pub, 37
Witch-Hunters, 10-11, 50

Wolf Pack, The, 88-91, 154, 170-171, 186
Wrigley Field, 46

Yaryan, 146-147

Zanies, 38

Index to Maps

Chicago, 31

Loop, The, 32

Michigan Avenue Underground, 57
Near North Side, 34

Near South Side, 43

South Side, 41

199

Appendix: Politics among the Undead


An interactive, live-action storytelling game that lets you live the
unlife. Theatre du Macabre. An experience you'll never regret.

Don't lose this chance for immortality . . .

u—|

bo rhe: E41
aN ear a pee Nes RP i ee

There are no such things as vampires ...

AVAILABLE IN JUNE 1993
ait

Re

\

cl

CAME STUDIO ‘The Masquerade is a Trademark of White Woil

Chicago, favored city of the Damned, is not as it once
was. The streets, which have tasted blood time and time
again, feasted as never before during the attack of the
savage werewolves. Decades of effort fell in less than a
month. That which had been immortal is no more.
Crowning this pile of despair is the torn corpse of the
prince, the last vestige of immortality ripped out by
red-stained claws. |

The city has become a swirling vortex, pulling in fresh |
victims from every direction. From across the world the 2
undead swarm, drawn by Chicago's suffering. Who can
resist its desperate call? Who can survive its tragic fate?
Chicago by Night, Second Edition includes:
a full description of the horror of Chicago, brought on
by and compatible with Under a Blood Red Moon;
complete information on the Kindred, geography and
history; and
a complete reference for adding stories of intrigue to

your chronicle. . " -
Y . SB) 6504-05 1-1

re pF 3 $18.00
~
