# File: Children Of Gaia (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Running and Clamping

Seattle, November 30, 1999

"Mandy, what is peace?" Hack walked beside her as
the others followed. He was handsome for a wolf,
Ringer thought, with gray fur and a short muzzle. His
tail stood high in the Seattle wind. It was before dawn,
the streets empty save for the protestors like them-
selves walking to the Sheraton and Roosevelt Hotels.

"Peace? Well, the Children always say it's a
struggle." A smile split Amanda Barret's California-
blond face. In human form she was a big woman in a
peasant dress and a hand-knit sweater.

"A struggle? Isn't that, well, kind of a contradic-
tion in terms?" Steep Seattle hills worked Ringer's legs.
Shop windows showed him to himself, same as always.
Asian guy with hair falling in his face, wearing jeans
and a t-shirt saying If gays and lesbians are given equal
rights then EVERYONE will want them.

"No, not really. For us, Rage is really less of a
struggle. Just like... water pouring out. You feel it, all
through you, and you know, nothing feels that good."
Her face was troubled briefly. "Nothing. War, whoever
it serves, is easy."

"But war is the Wyrm's work!" Joné came up beside
Mandy, dark eyes in an oval coffee-and-cream face

framed by dreadlocks. She pulled her fleece jacket

tighter round her in the chill breeze. Cargo pants,
boots, the usual.

"No. Not always. The Garou are Gaia's warriors,
even Children of Gaia. We fight, and we're made to
fight. But we can struggle for something else besides
the enemy dying. We can struggle for peace."

"So, what is peace?" Hack was insistent.

"There are, they say, four struggles." Mandy was
lecturing. Ringer didn't mind. "First, easiest, is the
struggle to make war just. We've been trying that since
Sumeria, more since the Romans invented civil rights.
That means fighting for something worthwhile, like
the Amazon War—"

"—not the Vietnam War, or the Gulf War...
Mandy," Joné asked, "a just war is just a war! Don't you
think that violence itself is the enemy? That we have
to transform ourselves, become something better?"
Cars went by honking ferociously, were gone before
Ringer could see what was going on.

"I'm getting to that." Mandy was clearly in her
element.

Rich muttered, "Damn longwinded talesingers!"
and walked further forward. Kevin watched his tall,
ted-headed packmate, human shape hiding the
Crinos form Rich had been born to, and wondered

2 Children of Gaia


what Garou tale Rich hadn't heard, these many
years a metis.

Ringer hoped Rich wouldn't have a seizure today.

"You fight for a reason, for a reason that can't be
solved with talk, or where the others won't listen, or,
hell, for your life. A Thunderwyrm won't listen, nor a
Skull Pig. But workers at Pentex? Voters in a logging
town? They might. The second struggle we wage is for
right in war. The old knight's code, if they had lived by
it. Don't harm people who aren't fighters—"

"Non-Garou, in other words." Ringer clarified.

"Not all of them. Kin fight beside Garou, and
watch out for those crazy humans who can use Gifts
too." Ringer nodded and dropped back behind his
pack, taking a rearguard position, not as if Madison
Street was a battlefield, but you never knew.

"Observe truces, don't harm emissaries, don't let
your troops rape and plunder, exchange prisoners.
Accept an honorable surrender. Observe caerns as
peace areas. This goes back to Tree-of-Battles; he was
a Child of Gaia in the Middle Ages."

"How does the Wyrm observe truces? I have never
heard of this." Hack's growls turned the heads of two
punks passing with signs; Ringer, tailing, heard one
mutter, "Is that a real wolf?"

"Well, the Wyrm doesn't observe the Geneva
Accords exactly, but we usually aren't fighting the
Wyrm itself. We fight people: fomori, Black Spirals,
humans, whatever. And they are just in war, or they
aren't. But we do the best we can. Set an example."

The edges of the protest were visible ahead. Ringer
surveyed his pack. Mandy and Joné walked with Hack,
just two women with a "dog" (or so the people chose to
believe, having other concerns). He was behind and
Rich ahead, looking like an ugly man. The truth, in
Rich's case, was worse.

"The third struggle is for civil order, for a peaceful
society. Here you work for civility in caerns and in
moots, in dealing with Garou, with Kin and with
humans, being decent to your neighbors, even to—"

"People who work for Chrysanthemum Milk?"
Joné smiled. Ahead, a dozen people in sea turtle
costumes went into the demonstration, the street still
mostly dark and streetlamps lit.

"Them too. The more violence and fear in society,
the stronger the Wyrm becomes. Here it's harder than
the other two, because it's constant, and because we
have to demonstrate to humans that it can be done.
That's why we're here, to protest the way that compa-
nies like Good House and Endron run roughshod over
countries, kill people who try to stop them, market
stuff that destroys people's lives. We have to speak out

here, where they all are for the WTO meeting. And
this has its dangers too. We want civil peace but we
want justice too. It's—"

"—the Weaver!" Hack barked. "Sameness, calm-
ness, stillness. That isn't peace! It's not the Mother's
way for moose to lie down with wolves."

"I know, I know. But we still have to try; fomori
and Banes make it hard enough on us, let alone the
humans. And Her Webbyness helps us against the
Wyrm." She took a deep breath.

Rich moved a barrier and let the others through.
The pack lined up with other protestors for the
demonstration. Turtles jostled Teamsters, teenagers
in bandannas and Starter jackets, a group of church
ladies carrying banners against powdered milk that
said "1.5 Million Die Each Year" and had a picture of
a Chrysanthemum Milk container. Arms locked as
the protestors barricaded the hotels where the con-
ference was scheduled.

"There is a fourth struggle, and sometimes we
mistake it for the whole deal, but it's not. It's struggling
against violence itself, the hardest fight of all. Not only
do humans—" Hack growled "—and wolves get mad
easily, but getting mad feels good! Rage is powerful
because it's part of us, and it's addictive too. If it wasn't
we wouldn't do it! We have to work at healing the
world, and ourselves. It's—" The protesters caught
sight of WTO officials in a limousine and began to
chant and wave posters. "Nobody in! Nobody out!
Nobody in! Nobody out! Hell no WTO! Hell no
WTO!" Ringer was amazed at the rock-concert size of
the crowd. Mike at the Direct Action Network meet-
ing had said there were seventy thousand people there,
the biggest anti-corporate protest ever.

Giant puppets on long cane poles swayed and
danced above the crowd in the distance. "There they
are!" Joné cried, eyes shifted to wolf in her face. "We'd
better get over there and help them start the rite." The
pack strode off through the crowd to where other
Garou waited.

Arms locked, arms round each other, a chain of
bodies... embarrassing, kind of. The line of Garou, Kin
and human protestors stretched out of sight around the
hotel. The barricade was not just a barricade.

"Thought you liked holding guys' hands, big
fella!" Joné was her usual self, Ragabash, ragamuffin
and raggedyass.

"Depends on the guys... Ryan Philippe is one
thing, but some of these haven't washed in a while."
Ringer looked at Mandy again; she was still waiting for
the squeeze that signified that the circle was closed.
They held hands up to let masked and costumed
protestors through who would dance in front of the

Legends of the Garou: Running and Clamping 3


hotel while the Rite of the Circle focused the will of
Gaia's Children. Rich, on Ringer's right, squeezed his
hand; he passed the signal to Joné. Hack was patrolling
in wolf shape, acting like a big stupid dog, keeping eyes
out for trouble. He put up with pets and caresses from
dog-loving protestors. Some Tutte Bianchi protestors
from Italy came through handing out bottles of water.
Two other Garou, gifted with the powers of Spider
(and how they got her favor, Ringer didn't want to
know), swarmed up the sides of the building carrying
long rolls of banner to drape down the sides.

There might be trouble. Yeah.

The chant started with Mandy and the other
leaders intoning the Charge to keep Gaia's ways alive,
then the response from all, then protest chants. The
whole circle wasn't always in synch, but Mandy had
said that "unity of will" was the key. Ringer willed
silently for the WTO leaders to see the human side of
their horrible search for profit. Signs proclaimed "No
More Frankenfoods" and showed a monster zucchini
with bolts in its jaws walking in heavy brogans. Change
hearts and minds, then the rest will follow. Maybe.

The chanting went on, police walking up and
down the line, puzzled at the ritual. He heard one of
them mutter something about "levitating the Penta-
gon." What that was all about, he had no idea. The
chant suddenly fell into rhythm with a troop of
drummers and the climbers unrolled huge banners
with "Whose Streets? Our Streets" and "People Not
Profit!" on them.

The crowd parted, and drummers encircled the
dancing sea turtles while protestors clapped and
whistled. The turtles moved smoothly, so agile that
Ringer looked closer.....

Was the circle still holding for the Rite?

Dancing... screaming. The pack turned as one,
saw a tide of humanity crushing the crowd like waves
in the sea. Ringer grabbed Joné and felt Hack press
between them; he hissed Pick up your feet, and she did
as the crowd surged, carried them. Tear gas! No won-
der protesters were panicking. She fell from his arms,
wiping her eyes. Two scared-looking human kids were
between them. Then... Hack growled Wyrmstink at
him and the two Garou broke into an open space in the
crowd. Gas took him then and he couldn't see the
stampede as it rushed by and past him. The snap of guns
panicked him; he felt the smack of rubber bullets
(damn, they hurt!) and heard more screams as police
fired into the crowd. Boom! went a concussion grenade
and people fell, hurt, maybe badly.

The gas tore at his eyes. It hurt, horribly, enough
to make him rage. His stomach turned cold when he
realized that other Garou would rage too.....

"Kevin." Water washed over his eyes, made them
better. He blinked. Brown swam in his vision, waving
shapes that focused into dreadlocks. It was Joné hold-
ing his arm. "Open your eyes. I know it hurts, but you
have to." He tried, shut them again, and managed to
get them open for a moment. The pain was going.
"Good. Come on, help me here." She handed him a
bottle of eyewash solution. There were a dozen or so
down, faces contorted with pain. "Hurry. Cops will be
here soon." She moved from figure to figure, talking
softly on a cell phone to a medical team, and Kevin
tried to help her. Sometimes people thrashed blindly,
spilling the water; sometimes they seemed hurt worse
than tear gas could do. "Joné? This guy's dead out."

"What? Okay." The black woman finished wash-
ing the eyes of a girl and came to Ringer. The boy he
was shaking rolled limply, a handsome face with lip
rings and plug earrings. "Jesus. Heart's barely beat-
ing." She rolled an eyelid up. "He's "bout gone.
Ringer, I've never seen someone nerve gassed....."
Ringer jumped. "Don't freak, man. Stay cool. Stay
cool. We have to get this guy to a real doctor." With
her other hand she tapped through the Ruckus
Society's documents on first aid.

"What'll help him?" If the answer was nothing,
Ringer was going to lose it.

"Atropine. He didn't get enough gas to kill him.
The Gifts to heal this... we don't know them. Might
even be some Wyrm-stuff in the gas. I think. Shit. You
wanna take them?"

Hack had been sniffing the downed protestors.
"Joné, there's another guy that smells like this one.
He's out too." Ringer silently blessed the wolf-born
sense of smell, not just having a wolf's nose but
knowing how to use it. Hack showed them a skater
lying curled on the pavement, hair fiery pink against
skin gone death-pale. Hack tugged at his ears; no
response. "They're alive, okay? We can get them to
help in a few minutes... if we Change. You guys carry
them. I'll run interference."

"But... the Veil." Ringer was suddenly afraid,
badly afraid. They'd never been this bold. Humans
went crazy and sometimes remembered to lash out at
the "monsters."

"T'll run ahead in and call a warning, okay? Look,
they're two-legs, like you. Let's make Mom proud."
Mandy and Rich nodded and shifted to Glabro, while
Joné and Ringer took the Crinos and picked up the
humans, suddenly light as cardboard to the manwolf-
form's huge muscles. Hack ran ahead, barking out
directions and cautions. The pack tore through streets
blasted by riot, dodged protestors and police. A few
shouted or dodged in the drifting fog of smoke and

4 Children of Gaia


gas. Once Rich roared, darted ahead of the pack and
simply shoved a barricade flat while the pack raced
through. Another time Ringer glimpsed a Victory
Shoes store with black-clad anarchists looting it.
Some idealism that was! Joné was talking calmly all
the time on the hands-free phone system of her Visor,
alerting medical and communications teams through-
out the protestors' non-organization.

Ringer reflected later that the first aid team
would never figure it out. It wasn't that the pack were
invisible, just that Rage moved them faster than
human eyes could track. Anyone watching would
have seen them... appear at the stand with the two
kids in their arms. Mandy, back in human shape, told
them what they needed to know and the med-tech
there nodded and started prepping the kid for a shot.
The pack moved back to the protests, where a perfor-
mance troupe was trying to set up an art zone in a
street of shops. The actors marked a stage area with
colored chalk and began drawing a design within it,
a mazelike pattern.

"Watch out. Anarchy on tap really soon." Hack
growled softly. Black masks, black outfits, were all
Ringer saw. Five people moved down the street, smash-
ing windows at a Queequeg's Coffee ("A Whale of a
Cup!" the cartoon harpooner in the window claimed),
O'Tolley's, and an art gallery. They used sledges on the
windows and trashed the shop signs with slingshots,
shooting what looked like eggs full of some fluid. Why
masks, Ringer wondered? If you're right, why hide? If
you're wrong, well, why are you doing what you're
doing? People had fled into the shops and were scream-
ing now. Two guys rushed them from the coffee shop,
trying a tackle, and the anarchists cracked one on the
head with crowbars, making the other man flee. Smoke
drifted from a firebomb somewhere. "That's not paint
in those eggs they're shooting," Mandy said as the pack
spread out in front of the food pantry's doors. Ringer
brandished his staff. "It's etching fluid!" Glass dis-
solved and a woman ran covering her face. "She could
have burned eyes. Watch out, everyone."

The black masks came closer, came raging at the
pack. In the eyeholes of masks Ringer saw... that
wasn't human skin. "Fomori!" he whispered. "Keep
them off." As the rocks fell, Ringer struck as many as
he could out of the air in a flurry of Isten Kima
Ummanate. The "anarchists" shouted at him, furious.

"Down with private property! Stop defending your
exploiters!"

"Go back! You'll help no one by attacking here!"
Joné moved from standing behind Rich to standing
beside him. A whiff of tear gas blew down the street.

The fomori charged. Fangs filled one huge mouth. He
felt Rage swell, power, danger, death, felt the Crinos
coming if he let it. No telling what he'd do then. No
knowing afterwards, sometimes.

That was a blessing. Here goes nothing, Ringer
thought, and Changed. The fomori didn't hesitate.
They look smaller from up here, anyway, Ringer
thought as he felt the staff grow with him. Rich and
Mandy shifted to Glabro and joined him. He tripped
one fomor, felt a sledgehammer blow from another,
the pain almost meaningless to the Crinos form as he
healed.... Mandy aimed a disarm at the leader, got a
blow for her trouble. Disjointedly, Ringer could hear
Joné talking to someone, likely a fear-spirit, on her
Visor. Something cold brushed by him, something
too horrid to be real, something stinking of cow parts
and puke. He slammed the staff into the next
"anarchist's" solar plexus and sent him sprawling.
The three standing fled.

"Ha! Who says Children of Gaia can't fight?"
Ringer shifted back to human as bystanders emerged
from hiding, and the pack howled in triumph. They
walked away, leaving the fallen foe where he clutched
his gut in pain. Two of the actors left the doorway and
restrained the guy. Do I like hurting people, Ringer
wondered? Or is it just that 1 don't want my friends, my
buddies, hurt and don't care how I do it?

"Those guys were cowards," Joné said. "I saw a
communications report that they've been just hitting
shit and running. So I wondered if cashing in my
favors... would help."

"Thanks, Joné. Good thinking. Who's your scary
friend?" The ambience was almost gone, only a touch
of queasy lingering.

"Hellrazer is a fear-spirit | met websurfing in the
Umbra. | think he borrowed a lot of his personality
from bad slasher flicks, but I don't mind it much. He
really likes possessing DVDs and frightening people so
bad they wet their living-room rugs... I keep him
provided with bootleg movie files and he shows up
when | need him."

Gaia, Ringer thought. How weird could you get?
"Hey, Joné, could you introduce me to Jonny Quest?"

"Which version? We'll talk later."

The pack turned a corner and came upon some of
the Uktena who'd marched with the native-rights
protests. "John Oldway!" Mandy cried while Ringer
wished he could remember so many people's names.
"You guys okay?" The middle-aged man, face lined
with decades of American sun, shook his head.

"Three Kin down with this gas, one hit her head.
I think we'd better get out."

Legends of the Garou: Running and Clamping


"Look, we can help... give us a minute with the
hurt chick, okay?" Rich cradled the woman's head in
his arms and confusion and pain cleared from her face.
Gaia was indeed bountiful. "You guys think you can
make it to where we're rallying on Deal Street? We
think we can get to the back of the hotel from there and
then block the WTO guys from getting in."

"Yeah, I think we can now that Susan's fine." The
young woman, glossy black hair drawn back in a
barrette, smiled and hugged Rich, who looked pleased
at the female attention.

"We met some anarchists, Black Bloc guys, who
were really fomori... twisted fuckers. Watch it, okay?"
The old Native American nodded.

"Yeah...anarchists, why are they even here?"

"T think... Joné?" Mandy turned to the younger
woman.

"The ACME guys are here to basically oppose
any kind of government, any kind of system. They
follow this weirdo named John Zerzan who's from
Eugene and has a website. Anarchy-primitive guy,
human Talon really, loved the Unabomber, tells guys
to trash shit to make the world a better place. They're
the ones that have been on the live webcasts, smash-
ing things and stuff. Lots of the others just want the
corporations reined in, but these guys like violence
and trashing — and you know how mobs get. Once
one person starts breaking glass, everyone gets into it.
These bastards were even planning to mess this place
up and let us take the rap. They suck, basically, is
what it all boils down to."

There was a lull in the trouble, and the pack sat
and watched some protest plays broadcast on Joné's
Visor. Unsurprisingly, the networks were showing
looters and window breakers, nothing else.

Noon, November 30, 1999

The labor march on Fifth was huge, forty thousand
people at least, unions, worker's groups, spouses, chil-
dren, trucks and floats, on and on and on. Signs
attacked O'Tolley's, Victory Shoes, NorthAm Steel,
Young & Smith, for deserting their American homes,
their American workers, desecrating and polluting the
land, destroying forests and oceans to make every kind
of garbage. Ringer watched, unable to understand.
"All these guys, for this?" For Gaia?, he wondered. The
alternative was for me?

"Fuckin' awesome, huh?" It was Joné, arm around
him as they watched the huge parade of beefy steel-
workers and solid-looking women with Eat Your Import
and Yankee Come Home signs. He hugged her back,
glad of the company. "Yeah, the unions have been
organizing for months for this. Not all of it on the Net,

but I kept track of everything, even worked as a go-
between for phone numbers and meeting places. We—
" More police sirens. Damn, Ringer thought, not again.
Cops appeared and started yelling at the union march-
ers to disband, Ringer thought, although he couldn't
hear anything over the chanting of tens of thousands
of people. There was no response to the cops' shout,
and soon after they charged into the crowd, pepper
spray arcing into the workers.

"Shit!" Wooden bullets hit Joné and she yelled in
pain. They clacked onto the street and Ringer saw that
they were two inches long.

Ringer said, "Back to the pack," and the two of
them tried to push their way across Fifth in the confu-
sion and crush of people. This was one of the times
when being a martial artist was actually helpful, Ringer
was thinking, when a rubber bullet smacked (ouch!)
into his temple. It hurt a lot.

"This crowd must disperse! Leave this area im-
mediately!" shouted a cop with a bullhorn in one
hand and a gas gun in the other. He was leaning out
of a van. He pulled back inside and gun barrels
pointed out instead.

"Go fuck yourself! We gotta right to protest.
Power for the people!" shouted a woman with a Fair
Trade Not Free Trade t-shirt. She ducked and the
wooden bullets hit her anyway, great bleeding wounds
on her head.

A roar of flame turned his head: a dumpster was on
fire, then two. He saw a man with a cigarette lighter as
burning paper and softwood pallets from construction
lit and black smoke billowed up from it. "Shit, this
really hurts. Can we get in a doorway fora minute?" In
the street a cop was beating a man who had chained
himself to a protest float, the baton blows audible even
through the screams. She helped him into an alley and
he shifted to Glabro, let the huge welt from the bullet
heal, then back into the street. Hack rejoined them
there, evidently running from something. Ringer caught
aglimpse ofa horrible, twisted Wyrm-face that grinned
in recognition or hunger. Joné screamed and bolted as
another volley of bullets sprayed into the crowd.

The crowd scattered. Ringer sprinted down the
alley, not looking to see whether Hack and the
Wyrmthing followed. Glabro, that was safe even
with humans watching. Seattle's mist compensated
for the rending of the Veil. The speed and strength
of the near-man shape more than made up for its
added bulk. If he could cut through here and rejoin
Rich and Mandy....

Too late. As he leapt over a stack of supercans he
heard Hack curse. "Ringer! I'm down, dog." Can' t leave

Children of Gaia

he


'im. Fear gnawed at him, more than one fear. They IL kill
him. Or worse. With Pentex, there was always a "worse."

They' ll kill him and blame it on us.

He was a small man, even in Glabro, and enemies
didn't expect muscles on an Asian-American. He
turned on the dirty concrete. Three of them. The staff
he'd carried he now bore slantwise, facing them ready
to parry or trip. "Run, peacemaker. Do you want it
now?" called the leader, face invisible under the
anarchist's black mask.

"T'll meet you one or all. Come and see howa Child
of Gaia fights!" They came all at once then. He tripped
the first, heard him slam onto the concrete, then met
the silver — silver! — they carried, and he Changed,
the Crinos taking him. More trouble. Hack moved, at
the edge of Ringer's sight, crawling to safety. Was he
calling the spirits? Maybe they'd help. The second
stabbed at him, raked his side, the mask slipping to
show a rotting face with insect mandibles. The agony
burned through him. He turned, began a tabalu-kur,
the staff ripping up under the foe's legs "as the fox
bites," and the foe fell to the concrete. But the third
was behind him, moving with Garou speed to stab. He
twisted, countered with a disarm. The machete fell
from the fomor's hands.

Hack lunged, bit at a fomor. Far off, chanting,
whistles blowing, music from the protestors. He turned.
Hack was crumpled against the wall, curled round his
own belly. The fall hadn't hurt him that badly, had it?

"Hey, you okay? Can you walk?" A face changing
shape looked up at him. Then down.

"Leave now, my friend." Hack stood, Crinos-huge,
eyes glowing with Rage.

"Hack, I'm not gonna leave you here. What in
Gaia's name—" His friend interrupted him.

"l have bitten their poison. Their taint is in me. I
can feel it. You aren't safe." The fomori were down,
unconscious. Probably not dead; they were hard to kill.

"I don't care if you're a Black Spiral now. You're
still my friend. Come on, let's find the others." They
found the metis carrying two bleeding and concussed
Kinfolk to a medical aid station, the med-techs car-
rying gas masks on their belts with the air of weary
veterans. The friends stayed at the medical station for
most of the afternoon, wounded and weary, while
protests played on and giant puppets enacted Endron's
massacre of the Ogoni nation in Nigeria. Finally they
left to find Mandy and Joné, who wasn't answering
her voicemails. The streets began to empty; cops
came by to enforce a curfew and the approaching dark
meant that the day in the streets was over. But —
wow! Ringer thought. Major success. He didn't have

a full report, of course; no one did, but the WTO
definitely didn't meet.

Rich and Ringer staggered down the street. Some-
thing Wyrm-born had kept Hack's wounds from heal-
ing, and a wolf was heavy. Guess he'd be heavier as a
two-leg, Ringer thought. A shape blocked his way.
Human, though distorted. Hard to see while his eyes
stung from leftover tear gas. The other's shape was
Glabro, was... a Black Spiral. He crouched, to set
Hack on the stones and spring if he had to. Beside him,
Rich was bristling, changing into Crinos. "Begone,
Wyrm's dinner, or I'll feed you to your Father below!"
The bat-eared thing was in Crinos too now, and Ringer
tensed, feeling himself Change.

"Now, now, Rich. Hardly a way to address your
own father, you know."

Richstood staring while the bat-eared thing lunged.
Ringer moved quickly, instinctively, the staff flicker-
ing just so... the werewolf dodged, turned for another
charge. "You aren't my father. You are lying."

"Oh? How would I know you if I weren't? See, I've
not moved to harm you." Rich roared and charged
blindly, and the man slashed at him. "Calm down. I
bring an invitation." Ringer moved to cover his
packmate, swinging the staff over his head and catch-
ing the werewolf on the shoulder.

"From the Wyrm!" Bleeding, Rich honed his claws
on the asphalt with scraping sounds. Blank windows
looked down on the smoky street. Ringer fenced with
the Black Spiral Dancer. Sores and blisters crowded
close on his enemy's skin.

"No indeed. From your mother, son. She wishes
your company, where the Hive can honor youand your
lineage." Ringer saw Rich crying with Rage now,
slashing at the Black Spiral, who dodged his blows
laughing. "Join your brothers and sisters and we will
live not as weaklings fleeing battle but as lords, as
Garou ought. You may bring your packmates as well."
How well Amanda would like that idea, Ringer thought.
The staff clacked between the monster's shins, and
Ringer tripped him, rapping him on the wrist with a
quick return. Silver rang on pavement.

"Don't. lam not a pacifist." Ringer felt Rage wild,
filling him. There was no greater exultation. "Rich,
pick up his klaive." He saw his packmate obey.

Mandy and Joné came round the building, saw the
Spiral slap aside a klaive-slash, saw Ringer strike and
parry. "Want help, brothers?" Mandy shouted.

"Yeah... he's good!" Ringer gasped as the snap-
ping muzzle missed him by a hair's breadth.

"No! Take him alive!" Joné cried. "He might
know something! Black Spiral, do you yield?" Rich

Legends of the Garou: Running and Clamping


reversed the klaive and brought it down on his
father's shoulder, felt bones crack under the weight
of the pommel.

Mandy joined them with a punch at the huge
black werewolf. Ringer struck with the staff, felt less
strength in each return blow. Claws slashed him along
the ribs. Hack bit into the creature's flank, held to pull
him down. Joné hit the creature and eventually the
pack had him on the ground. "Do you yield now, Black
Spiral?" Its teeth clacked on air inches from Joné's face.

"I yield. Spare me!" It was hardly audible. The
thing was in human form now, a Dedicated suit in
tatters on the body of a man in his forties. The Rite
would have beaten the Rage out of him. His wounds
weren't healing, anyway... unless it was some trick.
Ringer came closer, staff still held in his right hand,
crouched by the not quite stranger. Rich's face was
visible in his father's, Ringer thought. The heavy
features, coarse red hair going to gray, the same great
weather-beaten hands, almost Glabro paws even in

human shape. Blood sheeted over the man's face from
a slash in his scalp. Ringer touched the man gingerly,
ready to jump back if it was some trick. Rich's father
groaned as Ringer jarred what looked like a broken
collarbone. He and Mandy slowly got the man to his
feet, slowly walking (at least he could walk, Ringer
thought; the damage to his legs had healed enough
before he was forced into breed form) toward asafehouse
that Joné had emailed a few blocks off.

"Mason, my name is Mason. Was. Okay?" The
not-man's voice was slurred, mouth horribly swollen.

"1... didn't know your name," Rich said. A TV set
in a shop window was showing dockworkers in San
Diego and Vancouver leaving work because the union
protest had been attacked. Good news travels fast,
Ringer thought.

"Now," Mandy said to Joné, "you crazy Seeker, you
have got yourself a real, honest to Gaia, Black Spiral
Dancer. What do you propose to do with him?"

Children of Gaia


ANN ee

O K :
O

: ™
‘=

8B

ne

[ra


ee aR NEA RPE EARP TRA BO

Cel

Author: Jim Comer with additional writing by
Chad Imbrogno.

Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by
Mark Rein® Hagen.

Research: Neal and Steph Jesse

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Reine Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp

MET Assistance: Jess Heinig & Cynthia Summers
Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Leif Jones, Brian LeBlanc, Steve Prescott, Kieran
J. Yanner

Art Direction, Layout & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn Van Valkenburgh

Corlag Soon for Werewoff..

ae Fel 735 Pai None Bu.
PAR ic

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the
Great War, Mind's Eye Theatre, Trinity, Werewolf Players Guide and Tribebook Children of Gaia are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED INTHE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

10
air,

Children of Gaia

ee


a

a

to ee De

ory

LDREM

gt |
AlA



Upstate New York, Summer 1999

The parking lot at Woodstock wasn't pretty; it
certainly stripped away the mystique that fading ex-
hippies had talked about for the last fifty years. But it
looked great after five days of driving. Ringer was glad
tosee it, glad the wait was almost over. We'll wait by the
corner of the fence; you know what we look like, she had
emailed. His Rich Antler (what a name, Ringer
thought!) had emailed a photo taken in his human
form; he said that Polaroids of the Crinos never devel-
oped right. Hack had taken some of the driving on
highways at night, shifted to human. It had let them
both get some sleep. "Wake up, dog, we're there." The
wolf-head was by his side.

He paid for himself (Hack got into almost every-
thing for free, and thought it very funny) and they
walked through the vitamin and incense stands for
a while and then down to the corner of the chain-
link fence where the spray-painted peace wall
stretched in all its particle-board glory. This place
was crowded; Joné had said that the moot would be
in the Umbra to avoid notice. There were places to
step sideways, at least.

The pack that was not yet a pack waited there.
Mandy Walters, tall and blonde, Joné Pagliani small,
chunky and dark, rising from where she'd sat cross-
legged at her laptop, and Rich at a distance, sun
through the strands of the fence crisscrossing his face.
"Hey, it's Kevin!"

"Sure he's not a ringer? The pod people are awful
clever." Joné laughed. Rich moved to stand next to
Joné and Mandy. Amanda frowned and looked dis-
tracted for a moment, probably consulting the spirits.
A breeze blew cool through the concert.

"No, he's one of us. Sorry, Kevin."

"No problem." Handshakes all round. "This is
Snow on Hackberries. Hack."

"Good to meet you," growled the not-wolf. "Hack is
what he calls me. He is Bell Ringing In An Empty Sky."

"Ringing... Ringer! I knew it!" Joné was smiling.

Ringer was his name from then on. They went
back toward the camping area, talking about the drive,
and who they were.

"Joné, you really had your First Change online?"

"Yeah," she said as they walked, looking up and
smiling. "My webcam was on when some guy tried to

Chapter One: Shoots and Canes 13

rae. ee.

ORE RN SPE IE LE, Tn DE TENT AEN OE I POPE I OY,

2 eran ar ew SEPT OS ty Se RRR ON EN wrens

crash my computer, virus and all. Goddamn, good luck
Eva — my roommate — was out. I| freaked bad,
Changed... next thing my dorm room was all smashed
up and half the viewers had freaked too, seeing me
Change. But a web-spirit was watching too, and got
Mandy to come and help. So that was how we met."

"Were you a lost cub?"

"Sort of. We just thought I was Kin or something,
I guess. Left school and started WebFarm.... 1 do okay
designing websites for money and it lets me set my own
hours. And work pretty much anywhere. I run
WyrdWolf now, which is the site where we met, and I
tun a secure chat board for Garou and Kin. A prime
number-spirit, Mersenne, runs it and doesn't let any-
one on who isn't, you know, like us. And keeps it
anonymous; that was one of his conditions." The pack
walked onto the concrete airstrip and instantly felt the
heat that piled up over it. Horrible, Ringer thought,
like a wet oven. A wonder the humans here weren't
really bad-tempered. Yet.

"Prime numbers?" Ringer had passed math,
sort of...

"You know, numbers that can only be divided by
themselves. He's a pretty sweet guy, Mersenne — likes
agal with a brain, likes keeping secrets, and damn, he's
good at it. Had a couple of crackers come after
WyrdWolf, but we're safe."

"Yeah, mine was a lot crazier. My dad's car slipped
on some ice; he's a terrible driver, and four cars and a
schoolbus piled up. I... was the Crinos. I tore the car
apart, got my dad and my two brothers out. Fuel spilled
—I got kids out of the bus too, some of 'em, before it
caught." He shook his head. "The Uncles came but I
already knew that I was Garou... it just made sense;
nobody had to tell me. The sept said that it was some
kind of wonderful blessing: that I saved lives when I
first Changed, not taking them. Maybe so. It was just
scary and fucked when it happened." They passed
through the fencing to the camping area. Mulch ma-
terial covered the ground in the warm sun.

"No fires, no grills, no nothing, they said. This
sucks." Rich was evidently a sour-tempered man but
Ringer felt the same.

"No shade either." There were three trees, all of
them claimed already. It was like camping on a frying
pan. The group next to them had a hibachi set up
between their two tents, so evidently not everyone was
following orders.

The pack set up tents that Mandy had brought and
rested a while. The usual camping-in-the-afternoon
feeling had set in: tired, no sleep, stale and a little

14
—_

sweaty in the tent. A band was already playing at the
stage set up at the end of the old airstrip.

Mandy poked her head into the tent that Kevin
and Hack had put their rucksacks into. "There's a
storytelling contest in the council ring at sunset. Do
you want to come?"

"Sure. Are we eating before then?"

"Yeah, uh... there's a stir-fry place in the mer-
chant area. That okay?"

"Sure. Hack can eat—."

"I can eat whatever he eats. If I have to I'll eat it
with my hands." Mandy left.

"Look, I'm just trying to make sure you get some-
thing you're going to want."

"?'m half human. I might not like broccoli and tofu
but they do keep me going. It's okay. No game here
anyway."

They ate and headed for the council ring. The step
sideways was easy in the shimmer of a saran-wrap
"peace maze" set up near the gate of the camping area.

The Umbral landscape was quieter, a bonfire blaz-
ing merrily in a meadow near the huge Weaver-
wrapped mess of the old air force base's buildings.

Ringer wondered briefly, an Ahroun's
thought, about how thorough the assembled tribe
members had been in checking out the great
ruined pile in the real world or the Shadow.
Surely someone had investigated—

"Tam Justice Like Great Waters, Philodox of the
Ten Hands Sept. Honor to Mother Gaia and her Cho-
sen, the Garou." Justice was a black woman with gray
hair under a turban anda long robe. She held a speaking
staff in her left hand. "Tonight we remember the past,
and more: to know the Was is to prepare for the future.
Any who wishes may tell a tale tonight, but the tale may
last only as long as one log takes to burn—."

"And no cement logs, all you Ragabash!" shouted
Joné, as Garou laughed.

"The tales may be of present, past or time to come.
Paws-That-Refreshes, Ragabash of my sept, bids me
say that there will be a boon for the one telling the
oldest tale. What this boon is, he will not say."

Justice was walking across the council ring to
where an elder sat with hand raised. Helios sank
behind veils of clouds in the shadow-sky.

"I acknowledge Pearl-of-the-River of the Hand of
Gaia Caern." She handed him the speaking staff and
an Asian-American woman rose and put a log on the
fire, her forty-five years showing in stiff back and gray-
streaked hair. She turned and began speaking.

Children of Gaia

rE nr na

|


The War of He Apocalypse

"This is the oldest tale. It is about today. It's about
yesterday too."

"You all should know my friend True Silverheels;
for those that don't, I'll introduce him. He is a Half
Moon from my sept, a leader even for a tribe of
bickerers like us, and a true hero.

"He saw that the Children were divided. Homid
against lupus, arguing about what peace was. Demeter's
Daughters against the Imminent Strike, arguing over
how to fight the Evil One. Angels in the Garden versus
the Patient Deed over how to help the lost children.
The Children were riven into nine camps! There was
no oneness in feeling or purpose. Small wonder, he
thought, that the Stargazers had left.th
tion. True held an Allmoot, the
called, and spoke to them a
not far from here. Hear hi

‘I speak only for
lam myself, and that i
and sisters from the ‘same
the ground. ‘We ch@s
peace, to unite the tti
pieces, camp from! ¢a
when we do not fig

to strike the tent befo'
world. Your disagreem

blood, for thy

een given special Gifts and rites by the spirit-
allies of your faction, I call upon you to teach them to
anyone of Rank and honor who merits them, regard-
less of camp status. Our Gifts, our fetishes and caerns,
we must share wisely; each division is a victory for the
Fallen. I lay this blessing upon you. Until the Children
are one, there will never be another Allmoot. This
earth divided....""

"We will make whole," the crowd replied.

Ringer nodded; he'd heard the Children repeat

this blessing many times. Pearl went on.

Soe

LAT LT

"The Children heard his words, urging them to
forget the divisions of camps and to unite, to show the
Garou Nation that the Children, the bringers of peace,
could stop fighting at least among themselves, that the
teachers of harmony could practice what we preached.
So that's why the camps no longer meet, no longer
hold themselves separate. That's why ritemasters now
teach almost anyone who can qualify any of the Gifts
and rites."

She sighed. "For the most part, that is. Not every-
one listened. Some still talk the old camp-talk... it will
ay or another. I have said enough."
Ringer thought. That guy had the stones!
of humans off like that was bad enough —
Garou! True called for an end to factions.
. Maybe I can help. I don't know.

beinga Child of Gaia!" Rich complained.

s don't trust us, and we can't even agree on

actually want to do!"

andy said, "Yeah, it doesn't help that we saw

tual progress in the 1960s."

ou think success spoiled us?" queried Joné.

ay that was what happened. Look, we were all

e civil rights movement; my dad pulled a

om a lynch mob one time after the Klan
ut leaflets on voting rights. Free

look at Summer

» sitting by the man

done as it could, maybe,
e drugs and stupid hippie
it still is, but it didn't

elp anyone get jobs or pla ve, protection from
discrimination. The parties, sure, they were great. My
Uncle Nathan used to do the Mineshaft, back in the
seventies, and he says Garou would come into the
leather room or the dungeon and just shapeshift at will;
the leathermen were so drugged they didn't even care.
Drugs... look, I hate the laws too. But I hate people
fucking up their lives and their brains even more. A
friend of my dad's OD'd when I was seven, a Garou
friend. Damn, it took a lot of smack to burn out a
werewolf, but it was a total, stupid, evil waste of
someone's life. I just think that first, we stopped doing
stuff that was helping and started to do shit that made
everyone mad and didn't help anyone. Yeah, Garou
and Kin went to war protests, helped draft resisters by

Chapter One: Shoots and Canes 15

———


giving them conscientious objector jobs, stuff like
that. But the other tribes and their Kin started seeing
us as a bunch of wasted beatniks... then in the 1970s
American society started getting more and more con-
servative and no one cared. So it looks like a lot of the
gains just melted away. And we aren't innocent. You
don't just get something and have it forever. You gotta
take care of it and guard it. And we didn't."

"You think the 1960s radicals are to blame for the
1970s, for segregation in fact, for the rise of the reli-
gious right, for the reversal of Roe v. Wade, union-
busting, all that?" Ringer was curious.

"Yeah... kinda. Maybe. I mean, look at the '90s,
when the basic idea of political correctness — which,
at its heart, was nothing more complicated than ‘try to
consider the feelings of those different than you' — got
pushed too far, and then a backlash hit. ‘PC' became a
dirty word; suddenly the ‘cool' thing to do was to show
that you weren't ruled by political correctness by
busting out all the crap talk. Thanks to too-zealous
liberals, the anti-political correctness movement be-
came cool — hell, it was all the rage to refer to women
as whores — pardon, ‘hos' — and bitches! I mean,
can't you see something's wrong with that?

"So yeah, I think the same thing might have
happened. The moderates stopped listening to what
the radicals had to say, because the radicals proved
they had no interest in moderation. And it was kind of
the same with us. We didn't consolidate our gains, and
alotofus stopped caring. Butnoteveryone.... Summer
again. She never gave up, never burned out. She can
inspire anyone; I don't know how. As discouraged as I
get, she's all it takes." Mandy looked as if she was about
to weep. Joné put a hand on the older woman's arm.

"Yeah... yeah, I'm okay. Maybe this wasn't a
story," she said gesturing to where two Ragabash were
regaling the circle with a sharp-edged tale of 60s LSD
trips, "but it was about something. Okay?"

"Yeah, thanks for telling us. It's okay. We know
how you feel, Mandy." Ringer wrapped his arm round
Mandy's shoulders, broader than his own. "You're
doing the right thing. It's okay."

Time, Ringer thought, as No-Moons capered
though the tale of brown acid and rock music at
Woodstock. Time eats what we believe, what we are.
Time takes; does it ever give?

Md aive


The World Warr

A lean, corded man with long hair gone prema-
turely white and deep scars across his arms accepted
the staff with one hand and dropped another log on the
fire with the other. Ringer suddenly focused again,
realizing he'd missed the new speaker's name.

"We all talk of peace, and how best to achieve it.
Icome to talk of the alternative. I speak of war — of the
wars that have fed Beast-of-War until it is bloated with
power. Not our war—we have been fighting to end the
struggle against the Enemy with healing touch and
sharpened claw since the birth of the race. And not of
all human wars — there aren't enough logs within a
mile to fuel the fire that long. I speak of the two World
Wars, the wars nobody could escape.

"You all know the basic story of World War II.
Human children learn about Nazis, of tank battles and
bombing runs and Axis and Allies." His eyes narrowed.
"As Garou, we know what war is better than any
human. We know what happens to anyone unlucky
enough to even stand too near a war. This was no
different — the scale was simply larger.

"Scientists vivisected human beings. Japanese sol-
diers placed Chinese women in rape camps. Guns slew
soldiers and civilians indiscriminately. Planes dropped
bombs on schools, houses, libraries. Soldiers killing
and raping with no thought for nationality. And the
final end to the war came only when America managed
to develop the most destructive weapon the world had
ever seen, and obliterated two ordinary towns for the
crime of being on the wrong side."

He paused, turning his gaze across the circle of
listeners. "That is war. That is the worst in humanity,
and everything we fight against. And everything that
we — not we asa tribe, but we as a people, as relatives
of the human race — failed to prevent from happen-
ing. I've been to Atrocity, and to the Battleground.
I've seen these things first-hand. It's enough to make
aFenrir sick. It's even enough to make one lose all hope
in ever achieving peace for the world, for even a
generation's time.

"But listen: World War II could have, maybe, been
prevented. You see, an ex-house painter from Austria
probably couldn't have risen to the same sort of power
if his audience hadn't been particularly receptive at
the time. Germany was hurting the time that the
National Socialist Party started coming into being. It
was hurting because after World War I, the French had
argued for laying severe economic sanctions on Ger-
many, to make sure that nothing like the Great War
would ever happen again. Right motivation, wrong
idea. Those sanctions made life harder in Germany

re

ee

Chapter One: Shoots and Canes

than it had to be, punishing everyone alike, regardless
of whether they'd been for or against the war. So when
this insane little man and his elite started offering a
potential way for the nation to get back what had been
taken from them, there were more people listening
than might otherwise have been.

"Turn the other cheek." His eyes glittered like
glass in the firelight. "It's not always practical, and
sometimes it's not even right — those that are ill
beyond healing, and will hurt others if left alone to do
so, people like that can't be forgiven." An undercur-
rent of angry muttering rippled around the campfire,
but Justice made no gesture to stop the scarred man's
story. "But World War II just goes to show you that you
need to temper punishment with mercy, or you could
be causing more harm than you prevent. The abused
child becomes the abuser. I think we've all seen the
truth of that statement somewhere.

"Of course, that's part of what put France on that
path to begin with. They talk more about World War
I] than World War I, and there are more movies about
it — but it wasn't any cleaner a war. The death and
disease that plagued the trenches, the mustard gas
destroying young men from the inside out — the Great
War was humanity at its worst, just like its successor.
The sanctions that primed Germany may have been
too much, but they were inspired by pure horror."

His voice was low against the fire, but nobody
made asound. "If nothing else, these two wars are proof
that our duty is a sacred one. If we all have to give our
lives to prevent something like the World Wars from
happening again, it'll be a small price. We have to be
better than the humans were. We have to treat our
defeated foes with enough mercy to keep them from
rising again — but we cannot lose to them. Too much
is at stake." He relinquished the staff, stepped down.

"Who was that guy?" Ringer's voice was a whisper.

"Ivan Two-Moon." Mandy's voice was just as soft.
"They say he was born under an eclipse, that he thinks
kind of like an Ahroun and kind of like a Ragabash.
And he was Imminent Strike; somehow I doubt he
gave up his focus on warcraft when True made his call
for unity." She laced her fingers together, rested her
chin on them. "Even Unicorn has sharp hooves."

The Amertoan Wath

The staff was passed to anew speaker, aslight black
woman with long braids announced as End-of-Sorrow.

"T hate to follow one tale of war and suffering with
another, but just like Ivan—" she paused and nodded
to the previous speaker, who returned the gesture— "I
figure there are some things that need to be told. Don't
worry too much, though; my story's about something

17
ee

ET RE TPE SATE: SALE ES OR EPEC ES AEE TA ESTE OL IIIS 2 UY,

SEAPORT AA A ST DT Sa

that should be celebrated as well as something that
should be regretted.

"Some folks call it the Shame of the Nation — a
period of time so shameful, the Garou Nation wouldn't
even speak openly of it for a time. Oh, the Uktena and
Wendigo would talk about it, but they didn't do so that
often at multitribal moots, because nothing frustrates
Garou more than a reminder of their failures.

"You all know that the 1800s saw a lot of coloni-
zation in North America — colonization of the sort
that quietly ignored the fact that an indigenous people
had already set up their own ‘colonies' in the area.
Fighting broke out, of course, and the Garou pitched in
on either side. The Fianna and the Get of Fenris were
the worst for demanding the rights to lands that
weren't theirs, and the Uktena and Wendigo didn't
just roll over and give them what they wanted. It was
like the War of Rage all over again — hell, in part of
the West, it was still going on — but this time, it was
werewolf against werewolf. No sorrier state of affairs
has ever plagued our race. Now, our tribe got involved,
of course, and to our eternal shame, some of them
picked sides instead of working to stop the fighting.
However, I'm damn proud to relate that many others
did what they could to reconcile the two sides, and in
a few places, it worked.

"All this conflict and caern-raiding, though, esca-
lated the war. Always does. The American Indian
nations had a tradition of warring with each other,
now, and they weren't above torture as a way of dealing
with captives. But the kind of fighting that rolled
across the West, the treachery of fighting with disease-
infected trade goods and army massacres, that awak-
ened something else. A spirit the size of a mountain
and wicked as the Wyrm itself, called the Storm Eater.
This thing fed not only on the Wyrm-energies released
by the atrocities of the land, but also on the Weaver-
spirits following the railroads and even on the Wyld-
spirits themselves. Nothing, it seemed, could stop it!

"But—and I said there was something to celebrate
about this story — there was hope. The Storm Eater
brought together all thirteen tribes out of necessity;
they didn't like working together, but they did it
anyway. And all thirteen tribes lost one of their great-
est heroes when they performed the Rite of Still Skies
—a sacrifice shared equally, another binding compo-
nent. We made our own sacrifice there, too, a woman
who | have the distinct honor to call my great-great-
great-great-grandmother, Gaia rest her soul.

"So you see, in the end the Garou Nation joined up
as thirteen, when for a while it was looking like the
eleven would wipe out the other two. We know the
Stargazers have left us for a while, but I say remember

18
as

this story and take heart; when the need is truly there,
we will be one again."

The Enh fenicif

"I recognize Burke Checks-and-Balances, of the
Ten Hands Sept," Justice said as a man in a polo shirt
and denim shorts got up and put a log on the fire. He
looked to be about fifty.

"Who's that, Newt Gingrich?" Joné asked.

"He's from one of the old families... very conser-
vative in a lot of ways. Philodox for his sept, and
published a few pieces of constitutional scholarship
too." The dignified Half Moon began to speak.

"Twill tell you tonight of the glorious deeds of our
ancestors: not the ancestors of one or several of you,
but of all who share the Gaian ideals of democracy,
self-determination, and the rights of all people.

"Now, you have heard that these were our ideas,
that we inspired the humans, guided them. Not so
simple. Humans do outnumber us, you know, and they
are pretty creative. They are the makers and unmakers
of their own history; the Rage that fuels our battle
strength also prevents us from drawing too close to
humanity, from taking positions of poweramong them.
But we are more than spectators, parasites or victims.
When we bend ourselves to subtlety, we can use Gaia's
gifts to support and aid humans from time to time. The
eighteenth century was one of those times.

"The Allmoot we held in Switzerland in 1754 was
the source of the Law of Nature Accord, in which we
vowed to support the new ideas of the era: physiocracy,
democracy, a free market. These ideals would, we
hoped, create a freer and more open society. No, we
didn't invent them, but we saw an opportunity to
promote them. A discussion with a market fruit seller,
a book left on a leader's tea-table, a sermon or salon
attended by a few chatty ladies — all can do a lot to
bring the right ideas to the right people. The physiocrats,
French minister and Kinsman Jacques Necker among
them, in their Gaian emphasis that all wealth came
from the earth, and that said wealth could be created,
not simply stolen. This was a new idea, you know.

"The North American colonies were loyal in 1760,
and in 1775 were demanding complete independence;
much of this was due to pamphlets that ordinary people
could afford to buy and read, whereas books were
expensive. Check some of those pamphlets out some-
time: there you will find ideas of justice, freedom and
self-rule that Gaians and Kin had preserved for long,
waiting for the day when they could flower again.

"Mary M'Ginnis was not the least among the
Gaians who spoke out. Author of three pamphlets on
the need to abolish the class laws of old England in the

Children of Gaia

iteniamioneny .

|


SN Nn ee

New World, she worked as a cleaning woman in
Philadelphia while the fifty-five framers of the Consti-
tution argued and debated to create the new nation.
While Madison stayed after the daylong meetings to
write his notes and tidy up his papers, she would sweep
and mop; she listened to his complaints and offered her
own ideas. I would like to think it was not for nothing
that he changed his mind on several important issues
while the Convention raged around him, Federalist
versus anti-Federalist, a half dozen schemes for govern-
ment wrestling like gladiators.

"She asked Ben Franklin, as he left the hall for the
last time, whether he had given the people amonarchy
or a republic. ‘A republic, if you can keep it,' was the
sage's answer. Mary and her sept persist to this day in
seeing that we do, for it is my sept now, and still we are
vigilant. That's the price of our freedoms."

The Cngbeh Chol War

Anne Plows-the-Sea was a small woman with a
serious look, brown hair pulled back in a braid. She
carefully placed a log atop two others and began:

"I speak of Brightness Falls, Galliard of the Green
Rushes Sept in England. The Civil War raged, the
4 King beheaded; Europe ravaged by slaughter, the Fianna
in Ireland bleeding so under Cromwell that they and
we together feared the Apocalypse was come. Food
was so costly that workers could not eat the bread
their hands had made. Men starved in the streets
of London; the rich fled to Virginia or died in
battle. The Green Rushes Sept saw the suf-
fering of the poor, humans, our Kin, and the
Bone Gnawers and determined to take ac-
tion to make a new commonwealth. If there
was no King, they reckoned, then the sover-
eign People must rule, as in ancient Athens. Gerrard
Winstanley, Kin to the sept, and its Philodox Will
Everard took twenty Garou and Kin to St. George's
Hill in Surrey, and dug the common land to plant
grain. With them went Brightness Falls, singer and
talemaker, and the story comes from her.

"You hear boasts of battles and wars from many
tribes, but this was true heroism. To spring men from
the trap of money and class, to feed the poor with
honest work. On that hill we took the first steps
backward to living in harmony with the Mother."
Ringer wondered why no history class spoke of
these women and men. "Mandy, were these people, I
mean, were they, like, a commune?"

"Tf that's how you want to think of 'em, yeah. The
new Diggers in San Francisco sure were." Her eyes shone.
"Brightness Falls was there when the soldiers came
to stop the Diggers, and she sang to them of peace. The

9

a comnaiaain


Sear serene en sarees om rn arr a em mavremae erenwh

Diggers put up no resistance and the soldiers went
away. Their numbers increased as the Gnawers sent
Kin from the slums of London. The St. George's Hill
colony lasted almost a year and the Diggers built ten
more settlements, always taking common waste land,
manuring and working it to yield food and homes for
the poor. The landowners sent thugs to disperse the
colonies, but Brightness Falls convinced the Garou
not to Rage, which would have ended only in everyone
dying. The landlords' bullies finally broke up the
original colonies. In the end Winstanley withdrew and
spent the rest of his life as a Quaker; his congregation
later became the Forest Brethren, Raymond Hawkins'
church. Everard and Brightness Falls never gave up.
The historians forgot them, which was the Veil at
work, but the Diggers' colonies lived on, in the lost
‘green lanes' of England. Many places, many times, but
always the same work: to plant Gaia's body and to eat
Her bounty with all shared among all."

Ringer remembered his mother and her quiet work
in the garden. How could anyone doubt that that was
Gaia's work too? Maybe he'd put some chili peppers in
at the caern....

The Age of Fitth

"Might-For-Right, you may speak," announced
Justice as she handed the staff to a small woman in a
Renfaire T-shirt and jeans.

"Tam Might-for-Right of the Sept of Tolerance and
I speak of the Gaian heroes of the Age of Chivalry, what
some of our tribe (she darted a glance at Burke) would
call the Dark Ages. This was a time of confusion and
violence; in other words, heaven for Garou! The Get
and Fianna reveled in epic battles all over Europe; the
Fangs waged war and ruled their peasants with an iron
grip, the Talons slew humans almost at will and sparked
a millennium of werewolf hunts. In such a world, Gaian
ideals of peace and love were pretty much out of the
picture. That's where Tree-of-Battles came in.

"He was a Gaian whom the Fangs trusted and
admired because of his immense knowledge of Garou
and spirit lore, and served as a herald in battle and
tourney. Inspired by the almost Gaian Christianity of
Francis of Assisi, he decided to use his position for
good. The bloody-minded warlords would put arms
aside to hear his recounting of the heroes' deeds of old.
But he did more than repeat what he had heard, more
than other taletellers who made a hero as much like
their patron as they could. His tales were always of the
noble knights, those men who observed the peace of
God — that meant not killing women, children, and
the clergy — and the Truce of God, which was not
fighting on holy days. He praised the knights who
refused to kill a defeated foe, whose mercy God and

20
——_——

ee A Ae ee

man rewarded, who fought so fairly that their skill was
praised and not their trickery.

"In short, he promoted the ideal of the knight as an
honorable soldier, aman of virtue and decency. Bertrand
du Guescelin and Enguerrand de Coucy, among many
others, followed his code. Not everyone lived by his
ideal, of course. And horribly enough, some absolute
bastards managed to use some of the ideals as cover for
other violations — such as the droit de seigneur — just
like any politician using public relations to cover for
their actual business. But still, some did try to live up to
that ideal; even to try was worthy of praise and he did
far more. His life and death are proof that even in the
worst settings, our ideas can find an audience."

The Rowman Ennplre

A man announced to be David Living-Walls of
the High Temple sept threw a log into the fire. He was
dressed in ceremonial robes and jewelry, which oddly
fit in with the festival at Woodstock.

"I will tell a tale older still, older by a thousand
years as humans count time.

"The age of the Roman Empire was not a good
time for the Children of Gaia. Petronius, damn him,
broke the Veil in that book of his and started Europe
fearing werewolves again. Things were worse among
the humans. The Empire itself was militaristic and
expansionist; unrest and resentment in conquered
lands bred further violence. One land especially
drenched in blood was Judea, of which many stories are
already told. We did what we could there, but there
were many other forces at work and the memory of
Judas Maccabee's successful revolt still was fresh in
Jewish — and Roman! — minds. Often, our Kin would
find themselves stabbed or stoned to death for suggest-
ing any sort of compromise.

"King Herod of Judea, whose rule was born of
murder in 37 B.C., didn't help matters by oppressing
the people while glorifying Rome to appease his mas-
ters. Better to be Herod's pig than his son, Ragabash
gibed, but it was true! When he died in 4 B.C., he left
the throne to his son, Archelaus, who immediately
sought to soothe the minds of the people.

"We had tried to convince the rebels around us
that it was a chance to begin anew and work for peace,
but they were out for blood. As Archelaus stood before
the people, a chant for death and justice rose up.
Another group of rebels took the Temple and de-
manded the release of prisoners. Seeing his rule as
being threatened, Archelaus slaughtered the rebels
after failing to negotiate and sailed for Rome to affirm
his rule. The fear arose within us that another reign of
violence and butchery was about to begin.

Children of Gaia

———— re


"While we had no love for Rome or the Leeches
that controlled it, their direct rule was looking very
appealing by contrast. As corrupt as it was, it was still
a civilization with laws and with that came at least a
measure of stability. After conferring with our Silent
Strider companions in the sept, we sent a group of our
Kin and some leading Judean citizens to appeal to
Emperor Augustus for direct rulership of the land.
Rome's Glass Walkers ensured that the message came
to him by day, when the vile Leeches had less power in
that Wyrm-ridden city.

"Initially, the kingdom was split between the
disputed parties until Archelaus proved himself to be
incompetent. The butcher was banished to Gaul and
Judea came under direct Roman control. For better or
for worse, we had gotten what we wanted.

"While some have disputed how wise or peaceful
an action this was, remember whom was assigned as
governor in 21 A.D.; Pontius Pilate. Our actions
seemed right at the time, but their aftereffects have
long been argued and discussed. I can only hope that in
the very End that it turns out to be the correct one."

"What was that about?" Hack asked.

"Jesus. Know about him, right?" Joné stroked her
wolf-friend's back. Hack's tail thumped pleasure.

"Sure | know who Jesus is. I watch TV, don't I?"
The wolf pulled himself into human form to carry on
the conversation. "And I know Pontius Pilate — how
Jesus died and all. But who was Jesus? I mean, really?"

"Wish I knew. I mean, that's what the whole
history of the Christian Church is all about. Whether
he was man, God, proceeded from the Father, son of
the Father, spirit, flesh, fiction, fact... maybe he's
whatever you make of him."

"He was a Gaian — not literally, in all likelihood,
but part of our spirit whether he knew it or not. You
know he was — where can you find our ideas better
than the Sermon on the Mount. ‘Congratulations to
the peacemakers,' ‘The meek shall inherit the earth,'
all that. Nonviolence, turn the other cheek, share your
belongings." Mandy was lecturing again.

"Pity Christians don't do as he said."

"Pity more of them don't do as he did is more like
it," muttered Rich angrily.

"The Church of Gaia basically takes his ideas and
applies them in a Gaian way — you guys have seen us
at the caern." Ringer had attended services a couple of
times, not really getting the point.

Joné said, "Yeah, you guys work for social justice
too. I know the guy that manages the website." Who
on the Web, Ringer wondered, didn't this woman
know? Maybe the chicks on the porno sites; she didn't
seem the type.

i Ae

Sener sare es aarreseren re SERN es

"My sister, you know, she's off with her husband
doing development work in India. You met them
before they left, Rich, the skinny guy with the big dark
eyes. Remember?"

Joné went on, "So what does Jesus, Jesus Christ,
mean to you, Mandy? I mean, do you get all crazy-
weepy and stuff over religion? I'm not making fun of
you, I just want to know."

Mandy seemed to be choosing her words care-
fully. "He was a great man, the greatest. He told us the
most important things ever: love each other, care for
each other, do right. I know he was, he is, the most
important teacher of righteousness who ever lived.
Whether he was God, or a god, I don't know. No one
knows. We can only believe. And the most incredible
thing about him is that we Garou, as hard as we try,
we can't live up to his example, not with Gnosis, Gifts
and fetishes. But there's something even more amaz-
ing. That maybe, just maybe, he wasn't magic, wasn't
a spirit or a god, just a man. And that even then, what
he said, what he did, stays with us always. He stays
with us always. So there, No-moon, is your answer.
That good enough for you?"

"Yeah," Joné almost whispered. "Thanks a lot. I
needed that."

"Is this serious enough?" Hack asked. "Mandy,
what's the next story about?"

Greck Nigbht

Amanda spoke:

"The Children had it pretty good in ancient Greece.
Okay, women had it rough in Athens, but they had
more rights in Sparta than anywhere else in the an-
cient world. We sat in on a lot of art and philosophy;
the Greeks listened to us as they did to anyone. We
would have outright flourished there, except for one
small difficulty — it was the homeland of another
tribe, who wasn't particularly thrilled with the thought
of sharing their lands with an entire other tribe. You
can't really blame them for being territorial — they're
werewolves, after all — but it would have been nice.

"Hell, they still call the Mother Gaia! The city-
states fought all the time, but what better place for
peacemakers? Yeah, Ringer, I see you laughing — it
was great back then if you liked men, too. Unfortu-
nately, it was also great if you liked underage boys —
don't scowl, Ringer, it's true — but we're not really
here to talk about social ills we couldn't do anything
about. We're here to talk about our successes, our
biggest battles, the things that give us hope in this age.

"Ctesias of Cnidos was a Child of Gaia and a
doctor. Like so many of us, he followed Asklepios, the
healer-spirit. He went to Greece's enemy, Persia, and

Chapter One: Shoots and Canes Di

men

|

worked for Darius, the Shah, as a personal physician
and bodyguard. When Darius and Cyrus fought at
Cunaxa, Cyrus broke through the guard of the Shah
and wounded Darius himself; the Shah would have
died save for Ctesias' healing Gifts.

"By and by Darius died and Ctesias returned to
Cnidus in Greece. He wrote a history of Persia and a
history of India. In the twenty-fifth section, he was the
first writer to describe Unicorn; wild unicorns were still
around back then. He sired four Kin and died an old man.

"Ctesias speaks to us sometimes in moots. His
bravery and his willingness to extend Gaia's blessings
even to his people's enemies make him a hero to us.
Would that more were like him today.

Salyer

Justice-Like-Great-Waters frowned as woman
wearing a "Jesus Saves" T-shirt approached with a
cement log. At Justice's command, she put the prop
down and picked up an arm's length of slash pine from
a woodpile. This also gave a good view of the back of
her shirt: "But Gretzky rebounds, and he scores!"

She threw the log in and announced, "Hi!
I'm Shelly from the Hanging Moon sept.

I've got a great story for you!" Justice had a look of
worry on her face.

"This is about the Ragabash Mocking Demons. At
least that's what we're told her name was. It changes
every now and again. Anyway, this is the tale of her
sojourn to the vile, corrupted city of Babylon."

Unsettled murmuring began around the fire, but
she still continued. "Now in its early days, Babylon
looked like it would be the new Sumeria. There was
Hammurabi codifying laws and civilization flowering
in ways that promoted stability and peace. Unfortu-
nately, the guiding hand we offered was basically
severed by demons that had overtaken the city's power
structure. We were driven out and could only watch on
from beyond the city walls, trying ever and again to
return and help the populace inside.

"These demon worshippers ruled the city with acold
hand; they made regular human sacrifices on the top of
their temple and things worse than Leeches prowled the
night. The Children felt pain for the people who were
suffering, but even the mages who
lived there and once wielded

somuch power couldn'tkick
_ |\|_ the demons and their wor-
XY ||| shippers out.


"However, a Ragabash named Mocks Demons
managed to enter the city without being detected.
Alone in a city full of evil, she did the only thing that
a lone Ragabash could; tell clever lies. Her lies were
about the ancient friends of Babylon , the Children of
Gaia, who remained hidden in the city, fighting de-
mons when they could and saving people on the
streets. They were united and waited for the people to
get behind them to throw the evil out.

"Mocks Demons dida lot to make this rumor true; she
fought the night stalkers and saved a lot of people who
spread more stories. Eventually she was hunted and killed,
but her sacrifice had given life to Children in Babylon who
were not really there. People began standing up for
themselves and a little hope returned to the beaten down
multitudes. There were even mobs of humans whose faith
enabled them to turn back the demon-things.

"Eventually it was a band ofiiiges who threw the
demons and their worshippers but they would never
have done it without the support of a heartened populace.
While the Children were never free Babylon, Moy
Demons' courage, sacrifice and livtle swe truffiental,
To Mocks Demons, and the po'

Everyone drank.

Gefe
Ringer admired the wiry little mai
and a USS Michener T-shirt who strode
council ring. Tough-looking, with tattoos
his arms and a handsome narrow face. "Who
Joné said, "That's Soldier-of-Paradise, the
Moon. Didn't know he was back from the Persian Gulf
so soon. Only Garou I know with the nerve to join the
Gaia-damned Navy." The man poured something onto
the fire and watched it flare up while people laughed.
"He's in the military? A Child of Gaia? Why?"
She grinned. "Lost cub — I think he might have
some Bone Gnawer in him; his instructor in boot camp
was Kin. Stayed in to struggle for just warfare, peacekeep-
ing, stuff like that. Goddamn Ragabash tried to get us all
to join up! I mean, sure; like none of the rest of us have
problems with Rage. One thing's for sure: he's not preach-
ing to the choir like we are! He said once that there was
nowhere that needed Unicorn's touch more than the
military. It does make a kind of sense." Ringer caught
wanting and regret in the young woman's eyes as she
looked at the man who had just placed a log on the fire.
"Thought you were into nonviolent social
change... or are you into him?"

"He does do a wicked James Bond impression...
no. And you're SOL too; he's married and has a kid."

"Oh. What did he pour on the fire?"

"Bad whiskey."

LT PE

Soldier-of-Paradise spoke ina flat Southern drawl:

"I'm Ragabash for the Water Margin Sept and I'm
afire controlman on the Navy destroyerJames Michener.
My tale comes to me from a history teacher who sailed
with our ship to Arabia, Crete and Spain; while we saw
the Palace at Knossos he told us about a big fuckin' lie.

"The Minoans, Crete, long time ago. They were a
kewl civilization, trading spices and resins with Egypt
and sending to Greece for lumber and slaves. They
were also savage, gloomy and cruel. The ‘Palace' at
Knossos has no traces of fire, the teacher said, no
windows or light. It was a house of the dead, y'all, not
aplace to party. There the rot-king Minos ruled in the
dark long after his spirit had departed, tied onto his
throne with a roomful of dead bigshots.

Dr. Stirling —he was Kin tosome tribe I don't know
ight to look beyond the museum's
e was the last of the moon-bulls,
They tried to breed em back, but
hey could work a breeding
— which are to cattle as wolves
a Know — was to domesticate 'em.
kills the shapeshifter blood.
hey had one. The Apis was trapped in a
ey fed hima buncha human sacrifices, shipped
Athens. Asterion was a crazy sonofabitch too,

imself. He was pretty fuckin' sick there at the
illin' em just because he could. Some human
lé came and did him, but it wasn't like he had
thing to live for. The bull-man barely put up a fight.
"Y'all probably know the lies: that the guy that
killed him was some big hero with a ball of yarn, that the
Minoans were a fuckin' happy land with equal rights for
women, all that sunshiney kinda crap. The lesson here
is, don't believe everything they tell you, especially if it's
a drunk sailor like me." He paced away from the fire.

"So... uh, what was that all about?" Ringer had
missed the point.

"Minoan Crete. The perfect Gaian civilization, so
some say. Apparently there are... differences of opin-
ion. Ask him yourself if you want to."

"Well, the Children argue about everything. I
guess I'd like to meet the doctor he talked about, the
man who told him the story. That place sounds
pretty weird."

"Whether the museum is right, or Soldier-of-
Paradise is, it was a weird place." Joné cut in. "Oh, and
Ringer? He likes Maker's Mark, over ice. Just so you
know." The mischief-making smile flashed.

"I thought you said—" But another Garou was rising
to speak and the sailor had already disappeared, back to
his pack, back to his mate, back to his ship. .. no knowing.

lies and see Asterio
after the Wars of Ra
no dice; the aly y

|

Chapter One: Shoots and Canes

"5 alae aeaainaee

aE

prea eer ae PS an ar sneer mem eamre ames e

JSimerla

A weedy guy with a clipboard stood up. "Mother?
[have a story that is older." Ringer thought he looked
like a graduate student — heavy glasses with black
plastic frames and a cropped head of hair that was
going bald anyway.

Justice brought him the staffand he said, "I am History
of Clay, Theurge for the pack of Hanan Amber-Eyes.

"In ancient Sumeria, mud made the building blocks
of civilization and water was its least common ingredi-
ent. Humans fought wars over water, especially rivers.
We learned the Rite of the Sacred Peace from the
spirits and our septs sought to make peace; all too often
war came instead. One such war occurred between the
cities of Umma and Lagash, but the King of Kish came
and set the boundary with a stone marker between
them. Lagash got the river.

"Umma was not happy, and as soon as the King of
Kish left they ripped down the marker and restarted
the war. This battle went back and forth for three
generations until another king, Il of Zabalam, swept
down to crush the army of Lagash and conquer Umma.
Il declared that Lagash owned the river, but Umma
could use it free of charge.

"The king of Lagash was not satisfied, and contin-
ued to try and raise money for a new war. The King
desecrated temple and even caern lands with his farms,
seized boats, and raised taxes. If a man divorced his
wife, brought his sheep to town for shearing... even for
burial there was a tax. ‘From one end of Lagash to the
other,' wrote Strength of Water, ‘there was the taxman."

"Long had we fought for Lagash, but this was too
much. The sept agreed; he should not drive us into the
ground for a war we were weary of fighting and that
would do us no good. Together we rose up and over-
threw the king of Lagash, placing Urukagina the
Reformer, Kinsman to the Children of Gaia, as our
leader. He ended the flood of taxes, restored land to the
temples, and passed laws protecting widows and or-
phans from powerful neighbors. He brought the vow of
sacred peace to Lagash, himself swearing the great
Oath in the caern we maintained on temple land.

"Sadly, this was not to last. Eight years later the king
of Umma, ‘Big Man' Zaggesi, came and defied the sacred
peace by conquering Lagash. It was a bitter loss — it was
the same bitter loss we have endured so many times.
Urukagina chose to promote peace by slowing prepara-
tions for war — but Zaggesi had no such interest, and he
was simply better prepared for the war that followed. So
we are reminded — though we may desire peace, we must
still be ready to fight. We are Garou. It is our duty to make
war when needed so that others will not have to.

2

—

"In his dying breath, though, Urukagina cried ‘As
for Zaggesi, King of Umma, may his goddess Nidaba
bear his mortal sin upon his head.' While the curse was
slow in fulfillment, Zaggesi was kept on a dog collar 25
years later as Sargon of the Semites washed his sword
in the southern sea. Thus it is for all who would break
the sacred peace. No bringer of war dies content."

T Pe lmpergbora

A gaunt woman with jaundiced eyes stood and
threw a log on the fire, though by her appearance it
seemed as though the fire would burn her up like a dry
twig. "I am Tears of Mercury, of the Gaia's Bounty sept.
My story's so old that humans won't even allow them-
selves to remember it; yet it is so powerful that they can't
forget it in their hearts." Her accent, a mix of Irish and
Australian, made Ringer think of far lands, far times.

"Y'll begin by addressing a little myth that's dis-
turbingly pervasive among our tribe: the whole notion
that the Defiler Wyrm invented rape. That's a crock.
I don't care if you heard it from a wizened elder who's
convinced that rape was a special tool meant to in-
crease humanity's numbers, or a dewy-eyed cub who's
sure that humans could never come up with something
so vile on their own — it's a lie. Or wishful thinking,
more like it. Rape exists outside the human species; it
has for a long time. But when someone deliberately
causes that kind of suffering and violation to another
creature — well, it doesn't take a genius to reason that
the Defiler Wyrm gets stronger off that violation. That
much is true. But the thought that the Wyrm had to
invent rape — no. Don't ever let anyone tell you
otherwise. The Banes do not make people do this.

"So, as I was saying, the Defiler Wyrm didn't
invent rape, and it wasn't the influence of outside
spiritual entities that made humans breed more than
they should have. They just did. Humanity was simply
on top of everything and there was nothing to cull
their numbers. That's why there were too many of
them. So the real reason the Children were against the
Impergium wasn't because culling humanity was the
wrong solution. It was because of the bloody manner in
which the other Garou went about doing it. They were
feeding the Wyrm with their murders and reveling."

Tears, who was now looking much stronger in the
firelight, looked about as mumbles of dissatisfaction
surrounded her. "To illustrate this point, I'm going to
tell you astory about a wolf and arat. The wolf was one
of us, named Patience of Deed, and the rat, well, let us
just call him ‘the rat.'

"The rat came to Patience of Deed and asked,
‘Brother, is it possible to kill with love in one's heart?"

Children of Gaia

nein


"Tt is,' replied Deed. ‘But you must be sure it is
absolutely necessary. Who is it you must kill?"

"Humanity.' Deed's eyes grew wide, and the rat
quickly added, ‘Not all of them! Just enough that there
are too few to harm Gaia.'

"T see, and why are you doing this? Your love for
EN Gaia is admirable, but it is hardly a reason for such
4, a task.'
"Gaia has asked this of me, brother. So,
se FY you of all Gaia's children who truly under-
Peentet—» © stands her love, tell me how can | kill Her
children with love?"

"Patience of Deed closed his eyes in thought for
some time, considering the matter. He knew if Gaia
asked it, then it must be done. He then responded, ‘Eat
their food. When it is low, they are less likely to breed.
Spread disease when this is not enough, so that they can
pass away in their sleep. Since this is the will of Gaia, you
must make it such that they see it as the will of Gaia.'

"And with that the rat left and began to do his duty.
When the Garou took this responsibility from the rat
and began the Impergium, we didn't object because we
were opposed to the culling of humanity, but because it
was done in a wantonly violent and bloody fashion. The
will of Gaia is always the way of love, no matter how hard
it is for us to comprehend this."

"Ts that true?" Joné asked.

"Well," Mandy, mused, "the Children of the Rat
have always eaten away at humans... there's truth
enough to it. | think it's a bit much to assume it was one
of us that told us how to do their jobs, but y'know, |
guess the Ratkin probably used to gather around camp-
fires and talk about how they taught us to do our jobs.
So fair's fair." She chuckled, then her face became
more serious. "But she didn't tell how the Impergium
ended! That was Lore-Speaker Gron's work. When
he-she—"

"He-she? What was this person, a drag queen?"
Ringer was briefly amused.

"No, something greater. He-she was metis, and a
hermaphrodite."

"A what?" asked Hack.

"Gron was both male and female, at once Arm,
Voice and Heart of the Great Mother of All. He-she
traveled to each sept of the Children, to all places under
the sky. Gron saw that the Garou were not Gaia's only
defenders! Humans, Kin and otherwise, lived, farmed,
built and worshiped in ways that aided the Mother.
When humans fired the forest, it grew back thicker,
greener. When they hunted, they killed the weak and
sick, strengthening the herds. And they did more. In the
caves of Gaul he-she saw carvings and paintings honor-

~Y 25

C

|


ing Gaia; by the rivers of Thessaly humans made statues
of the fish spirits, making them real as no chant could do.
For the rest of his-her life Gron worked to lift the great
ban, to allow some humans to increase their numbers.
~ But on the night of the Allmoot where the speakers
announced the change, Gron died. Murdered by mad
Talons, some say, while the Talons themselves claim
_the Mother struck him dead... no one knows. Dying,
- he-she bade his packmates carry him to the council ring,
wounds reopening, to hear the speeches. The council
agreed to lift the Impergium and Gron saw runners
depart to all septs of the Garou, knowing his-her goal
achieved. And returned to the Mother."
"Wow. Some story. Is that true?" Ringer smiled.
"Yes. Probably. The Children tell that Gron lifted
the Impergium; I've heard a few people from the other
tribes agree, mostly so they can curse him."
"But by that time, hadn't the Garou already, like,
killed the other shapeshifters?...."

The Wars of Rage

Mandy passed him a flask. "Here: it'll relax you.
Yeah, the other shapeshifters mostly died, mostly be-
cause of the Garou. Including the Children of Gaia."

"What do you mean, sister? The Children tried to
help — to save the Others! And we—" A log crackled
and hissed.

"—Are at fault. The Others trusted us, and that was
their undoing. I myself count six times when the bears or
the crocodiles were lured to ‘peace talks' with a Child of

Gaia as mediator. Each time, another tribe used the
"_¢ ‘meeting' as an occasion for ambush. Once, Faces-
My the-Moon was given a ‘peace talen' that had a

= Fire-spirit bound into it, and two sounders of
Ze the Boar-folk burned to death where Shadow
= Lords did not slay them. She went herself to
y seek the Grondr, to apologize, and they
: _ & killed her in revenge." Joné, face darken-
er ‘Gs ing, turned toher Visorand stylused through
several layers of email to a GPS page.

"So the warrior tribes tricked us? Then
it isn't our fault." Ringer sipped at hot
mead, ginger and cinnamon the flavors
he could name.

"Great for the throat, don'tyou think?
It wasn't just that they tricked us, it's
that we kept trying and trying to mend
= fences that were long since scattered
Sy N \) ash." Homemade cookies came around
\\ Le \\ on a wooden plate. "When someone,

‘ anyone, sought our help, we were ready
to give it: take offerings that con-
cealed poison or hexes, give our safe-

|


guard to noncombatants who they'd slay when we
turned our backs." She shook her head. "And it hap-
pened on both sides, too. When they were hunting the
lynxes in Europe, the lynxes sometimes came to our
ancestors for sanctuary, then killed them and their Kin
to avenge their own brethren. There was plenty of
hatred on both sides, and sometimes even the Children
got caught up in it." An old sorrow hung on her face.
"We're not saints. Sometimes a Child would lose a loved
one to the Wars, and she'd go looking for justice —
revenge, more like it. Sometimes our ancestors felt more
loyalty to their friends and allies among the Garou
Nation than to Unicorn. Sometimes the Rage just took
over. As much as we want to be of one heart and one
mind, we're still individuals at heart. Some of our
ancestors — let's be honest, some of our con
have done stuff we're all ashamed of. That's,
human and Garou history in a nutshell."
"Yeah, good stuff." Ringer said. He p:
to Hack and Joné, who sipped and
Mandy. "So what started it all?"
"How do you mean, Ringer? You
Garou begin? Or how did mankind bi
the Wyrm get trapped in the Weave;

messing with nature, instead of the/other
Why didn't they just stay like they were?)

"Well, that's the toolmaker puzzle, is
whole mess of the Weaver and the Wyrm is conné
to that — that when humansstarted to make togh
to teach each other how to make tools, that's
Wyrm got wound in the Web. Which caused which, |
don't know. Maybe it's the humans' fault — they've
managed to do a lot of stuff without any help. That's
why we're here, you know, on the edge of the Apoca-
lypse: it's humans' toolmaking that ended in this world
of giant factories and bombs, corporations and
chainsaws, diapers and newspapers. And try as we
might, we can't go back. Butit all goes back to the hand
ax, or the basket, or whatever the first tool was. And
given how much easier they make life, can you blame
people for wanting them? That's the toolmaker puzzle:
you make things, and you eventually make something
that can wreck the world."

"Depressing; thanks, Mandy." Ringer was smiling
ruefully. "Maybe the next story won't be so downbeat."

She returned his rueful smile. "They can't all be
stories we want to hear, Ringer. If they were, we wouldn't
be telling any of the stories that need to be heard."

See ence ers eraser Pee aE Nes me

Eric — Hey! Eric!" The youngish Garou waved back at
her. Others were hooting at him, some clapping. "He's
great — you ever hear him?"

"No — is he like, a folksinger?" Ringer wondered
which would be worse — listening to this guy or
pretending to like his music.

"Yeah... anarchy folk-punk, | guess. Lives with a
Philodox named Sunfrog at a Bone Gnawer Hillfolk
caern in Tennessee and does a lot of rabble-rousing.
He'll sing us his story, I bet." Eric tossed a few sticks onto
the blaze and began, smooth voice rising and breaking
on the passions that the song conveyed. Ringer realized
on the second chorus that Eric was singing in Garou, not
English, and on the third chorus he joined in.

Ringer heard:

The Garou were born, in the world's morn,
Brave wolves to ward their mother

Brave wolves they turned, fooled by the Wyrm
And set to fight each other.

gia' s Children, the many tribes are One,
ome, Her peace our home
of time

e, each takes a side

s t''make a war

lied, blood ties untied

d the Nation's core

ther peered, her great eyes teared
Into a caern of slaughter

From there she got, from death and rot
Five of her sons and daughters

In Mother's nest, against her breast

The five dead Children lay

Cold as the earth, but a new birth

Great Gaia whelped that day

To each she spoke, and live they woke
One from each blessed Moon

Her sacred breath woke them from death
Though undeserved, a boon

You're Gaia's child and undefiled
Preserve our Mother's peace

The tribes unite, your heart keep bright
Though struggles never cease

And from this tale, know you can't fail

Oyiar of the Hiren Sf Ciba A darkened world to heal
The pack watched a longhaired man approach As did those five, keep hope alive
Justice-Like-Great-Waters carrying a guitar. "Hey, it's Her love and peace make real
Chapter One: Shoots and Canes 27

CC ]  ————————

nie


TT

The crowd of humans, wolves and in-between
shapes clapped and howled their approval.

"So, that's how the Children came to be?" Joné
asked. "Gaia brought dead puppies back to life?"

"Yes." Rich spoke, his Glabro form at the edge of
terrible. "The Great Mother's mercy brought back to
life the first five pups slain by Garou hands. They were
the silver pack — one of each moon, like us — that
became the Children of Gaia. She charged them with
healing and peace and these remain our work today."
Ringer saw the other then.

A thin man sitting on a log near the pack: it was
the scholar who'd spoken of Sumer. Something about
his look told Ringer that he wasn't convinced by the
folk song. "Honored sir," Ringer began, unsure of the
proper mode of address in the Old Tongue, "is this tale
to your liking?" The man wore an ironic smile, clip-
board no longer in his hand.

"Mandy Barret's pack, innit?"
friendly enough; perhaps in his early
complexioned and prematurely bald. He spoke swith a
slight English accent. "I'm History- ." The oth-
ers shook hands, Rich merely toud shand for a
moment as was usual for Glabro at
when greeting one in Homid.

"Yeah, you told us about Uru whate
Good story!" Joné came up and shoo
hand. "What did you think of the last one?,
historian, right?"

"Yes... I'm a paleographer, really, worl
inscriptions. Same thing, and I do teach history
in Palestine. No, it's a fine tale, but there are others."

"How do you mean, others?" Rich had sprawled on
the grass in Glabro as the others sat down.

"There are other tales of how we came to be. You
know that one...."

"What are the others?" Joné was intrigued; Ringer
could see her activating the MP3 recording mecha-
nism on her Visor. The damn thing had to be a fetish,
as much as she had crammed in there. He heard Rich
growling. Signs flicked and danced on the indiglo
screen as the Garou scholar spoke.

"Time isn't a one-way street, not even the two-
way street our wonder-working foes would claim. It is
a maze; our knowing of it mazier still. No one can say
when a legend is legend, when a myth is a myth, or
when a piece of knowledge becomes so shabby and
unreal as to bea ‘fairy tale'; myths are not lies but stories
about whatis true. So take this asa story, and not much
of one. But it's about us, who and what we are.

"No one knows where the Garou truly came from,
save that it was from Mother Gaia. The oldest tales used
to begin, ‘When we awakened...' or ‘When we first took

the Wolf shape...' or "In the days of Progenitor Wolf...'
Butthere are songs olderstill, choruses no Garoualivecan
understand. We claim to be the oldest of the shapeshifter
races... maybe there are those older than we.

"Once there was One Tribe, the Garou Nation
entire, as Gaia intended. Maybe because it was a golden
age uncorrupted by the Wyrm, maybe because there
were so few of us that we had little need or room for
argument. I don't know. But we didn't stay that way.

"Human numbers grew when humans developed
more and better tools for hunting and gardening: better
food supplies. The Impergium you all know about. We
slew humans to prevent their numbers from growing,
butalso to prevent the skilled and powerful hunters from
ing our terror-rule over the two-legs. We wanted
db their food-gathering, use them as breeding
e themas cattle. But even so we became aware

x, the Gaia-statues of Willendorf, the Tassili

ess to humans' ability to create
Mother. They had something
e still have not. Maybe the

eless within them' if you will... it makes each

to form over the simple question: What to
human population? Some were for brutal

extinction like the mammoth: these became a faction of
lupus, ultimately the Talons. Some for continued man-
agement of humans as subjects... these were the Fangs,
many others too. One faction argued for the lifting of the
ban, and the last and greatest to plead for it was Gron.
You know about him-her too. How many champions
he-she challenged and defeated simply to raise the
question: should we lift the Impergium?

"The Children of Gaia were simply the Garou who
wanted peace both with humans and with other Garou,
and who worked, and fought for peace, and still do.
That is not much of a story, but it is who and what we
are. And must be."

"Hey... that makes sense. That we were just the
Garou who wanted peace." Joné said. Ringer saw Rich
shifting, more and more uncomfortable. "History-of-
Clay, do you think that the Garou—?"

"The Garouare the children of Mother Gaia. Letno
one dispute this!" Rich was on the brink of Crinos, his
own true shape, rage and death. Mandy turned to him.

"Rich, spin down. It's just a story, that's all. If you
want to tell one-" But it was too late. The manwolf
shape erupted, roared —

28 Children of Gaia

aa

——E——


Fell. Ringer stepped aside to avoid the dead weight.
Rich'sinjuriesfrom falling would heal anyway. He weighed
too much to catch. A clawed hand slashed the air as he
crumpled, air driven from his giant lungs as he hit the
ground with awhoof . His head jerked back, overand over.
"Get something between his teeth to prop his mouth
open," Mandy barked quickly. "Ringer, your practice bo
—" Ringer handed it to Mandy. Rich had clawed up
meters of earth by then, Crinos hide sliding on grass and
dirt. Joné and Mandy were in Glabro, holding their
packmate's jaws open to let Ringer get the staff in. Hack
held Rich's right arm with his jaws, himself shifted to
Hispo to hold the Crinos down. "With a human, you
want a rag, something soft, to keep from breaking their
teeth. But Garou just bite through. I think he's over the
first of it now...." They sat with Rich, dodging the
spasming claws, eventually moving closer as he fell still.
Ringer sat by his friend's shoulder, one hand lightly over
the fur of Rich's back. Gaia! Here I am packmates with an
epileptic werewolf, and he's the normal one! The thought
was amusing... the hours wound on.

The tales ended finally with a story from some
Canadian Glass Walker about the great Dragons. Joné
listened and made some notes in her "Seeker" files, but
Ringer just stayed with Rich, seated on the torn earth,
a hand on the Crinos paw of his stricken friend. Some-
times the paw jerked, then was still. But his breathing
was even, heart rate steady. This was a bad seizure but
not one of the killing ones that Mandy had told Ringer
about. Human medicine did not work on Rich's Crinos
form. A few metis had tried antispasmodics, but even
Tegretol didn't help. Ringer held on.

Justice Like Great Waters conferred with Garret
and History-of-Clay and then arose. She spoke.

"These have all been worthy tales, true or false, of
present or past. It is not simply being that makes what
is and unmakes it. It is telling: so it has been since the
Before when the Story walked in emptiness. To tell of
a thing for the first time is to make it, to make it real.
To hear of it and retell it is to remake it, not only in the
ear, but in the Shadow, for each tale has a spirit.

"Let Amanda Barret, Steam Rising on Teacups,
come forth to take her boon." Amid backslaps from her
pack, Mandy got up and walked with pride to the circle's
center. "Amanda, you did not only tell tales to the
gathering, that renown or spoils might be yours. You told
them to your own pack, that they might know and
understand. You are a true Galliard and you may take this
boon." The older woman handed Mandy a length of
hempen cord knotted and braided into strange patterns.
"The Unbroken Cord. As many times as it is cut, it
remains one. To each of the pack, the pack leader's
greatest power: Gift, rite, or simply some skill. Ithas aided

a

Speen aso enwraiere rowed Nn ame

many of Gaia's heroes; may it aid you as well." The crowd
clapped, cheered and howled. Mandy hugged Justice and
walked back to where the others sat, huddled round Rich.

"We can make, you know, necklaces or something
out of this?" Joné examined the length of braided,
knotted line. "The book I read didn't have these knots."

Eventually the seizure passed and Rich sank into
sleep, Joné bringing a blanket to cover the Crinos shape
as Umbra dawn broke. "You know," Joné said, "I heard
another story about where the Children came from."

"Oh?" Ringer was half asleep.

"Pretty simple really. When the Western Concordiat
took shape, kind of a Garou civilization, each totem had
the Garou who did something different. Fangs ran stuff
and fought, Talons took the wild, the Fianna were the
singers, the Gnawers the beggars and thieves... we were
the healers, the priests. Not Children of Falcon or Stag,
not Irish, German, African... earth's sons and daugh-
ters, native everywhere, welcome everywhere. Children
of Gaia, the ones who spoke and did the Mother's will,
not the tribe's or their own. Nota tribe ourselves, really,
just the Garou who did what was right. No matter how
hard it seemed. Still do."

"That... seems right to me. I guess we have to
choose what we want to believe. You know, I heard
that before. My teacher in school said something
funny one day, said religion is choosing the forms of
worship from poetic tales. The Baptist girl who sat in
front of me got really mad."

"Huh. Okay. Hey, Rich, you okay now?" He shook
the great metis shape.

"Yeah. Yeah, I'm okay, I guess." Rich sat up,
Crinos shape covered in dirt and torn grass. "Hey, let's
go back to the real world." The did so.

fire; another night
~ Welcome to my fire. | am
e all this way.
‘Long Scars Suffered, a watcher-of-th
Ot popular at some of our moots. | am n
one who sees humans embrace one an
at a festival and says that the world mm
or the better. am not the smiling eld
§ of much good and little ill, so that ¢
ie brighter in their chests. My tong'

most innocent. There are things that

Chapter One: Shoots and Canes 29

fm er ae ret

Sere ere ee car ELLA are eens

But you already know all these things, or else you
would not have sought this old wolf's fire, yes? You
honor me. May I honor you in return with stories of the
dogs that nip at the heels of our tribe. Listen:

The Mobiton of Campy

It is... hard to discuss this issue without speaking ill
ofarightly respected elder suchas True Silverheels, but...

But the call to abolish the camps is a mistake. In
my eyes, and in the eyes of others. You think | mean
those who held renown and power within those camps
and now stand to lose it? No. I mean those who look
within ourselves, and accept what we find there.

We are part wolf, we Garou. And wolves are
territorial. And we are part human. And humans are
territorial. We are even as much spirit as flesh. And
spirits are territorial. We can no more give up the idea
that borders and factions —and packs — are important
to us than a goose can give up the idea that it must
warm itself in the south come wintertime.

True Silverheels, praise and bless his name and his
noble brow, thinks too much like a human. He believes
that his intellect can overcome his instincts — and
perhaps in his case it can. But to expect all other Children
of Gaia to be able to do the same simply because it is asked
of them? To expect it to be the right thing to do, to deny
what we are in the name of Unicor's ideal?

There, you see? I disagree most strongly. Many others
do the same. And we... and we fight over whether we
should give up these territories, these packs-of-packs, or
not. We fight, though none have yet died for one side or
another. By calling for an end to the borders and families
that are so dear to our instincts, True Silverheels and his
supporters have thrown another border between us.

I have said too much on this already, I think.

The New Lagoat

We consider ourselves the healers of the tribes, and
so we pride ourselves on knowing most about the diseases
that afflict our Kin and ourselves. We were quick to
discover that the AIDS-killer spread from one mate to
another, and thus we could warn our Kin and ourselves.
Some did not listen, of course; the drive to procreate for
the sake of enjoyment fillsus, particularly the homids. But
we knew, almost sooner than the humans did, and our
homids became very involved in the struggle to cure the
sickness. No, not simply for self-preservation; even I am
not that bitter. No, from compassion as well as self-
interest. Even today, they fight the disease.

But... there may be more. The AIDS-killer is, I
believe, only the first wave. Just as AIDS crept into
American society and began killing people in earnest
long before it came into the greater public's awareness,
other diseases are now beginning to take hold without

30
An

anyone becoming the wiser. New York. Cairo. Calcutta.
London. Johannesburg. Rio de Janeiro. Each of these
cities has seen an outbreak of some new disease, some
epidemic that is —so far— limiting itself to asmall but
unmourned portion of the human population.

Some say that Mother Gaia is the one crafting
these sicknesses, trying to reduce the humans to a
tolerable level once more. | say that is untrue, forwe are
Mother Gaia's fangs, and such would be our duty. No,
land those I speak with look at the patterns and we see
a deliberate hand — but not the Mother's.

It is as if someone is using these cities as... I forget
the word. The dishes that — yes. Thank you. Petri
dishes. It is as if these cities are petri dishes where some
person, or thing, or group is cultivating and experi-
menting with new sicknesses. Or perhaps — if the old
wolf may speak with a harsh tongue — the cultivation
and experiments are done, and the plagues have been
unleashed already. Whoever bred them is now waiting
tosee how much damage they can do— perhaps before
the next batch is released.

So. If you value the humans —and we all do— you
must take this warning seriously. Many of us are
already in the cities, working among the infected to
heal and to prevent. But there are not enough to both
cure and seek out those who may be deliberately
unleashing these diseases. It is an effort that you may
wish to join, I think. If someone is truly trying to kill
as many humans as possible with sickness, then all the
old stories about the horrors of the Impergium will
seem as humorous fireside tales should it come to pass.

Rogue Nirkes

Hrrr. Some of you are not old enough to remember
the fear of nuclear fire. It was the most horrifying thing
that they explained to me after my Change. For de-
cades, it was all humans could think of; the threat of an
Enemy pressing a button, as easily as opening an
elevator, and killing the world. Oh, the tribe remem-
bers these days; they sing tales of those who argued and
protested for the governments to take apart their
bombs, and they say that eventually they won. The
Cold War is over now. The threat is ended.

No. Did these bombs simply vanish? Did the
circuitry evaporate, the plutonium turn to lead, the
arming systems transform into home appliances? They
did not. Of course many still sit in their wasp-tunnels,
still connected to the same buttons that did not go
away, just in case a petty man in power needs to killa
continent. Others, though.... Others have been taken
apart, and sold.

Yes, sold. Because the people who used to have
them needed bread, or drink, or luxuries. Because the

Children of Gaia

a


people who wanted them had money, and the same
sick desire that made people build these things in the
first place. Some are now in the hands of evil men.
Some are in the hands of organized criminals who look
for the most profitable buyer. And some are surely in
the hands of the Enemy.

No greater nightmare exists. These bombs, this
fire — it is out there, waiting to be used. From what we
see of the world, we know that there will be those
willing to use them. And how can we fight with
protests? Whose embassy shall we march on? No. This
is a thing of the shadows, and in the shadows we must
go. All tribes rightly fear these things being used, but
none more than us — these weapons were our greatest
enemy for most of our elders' lives, and now we do not
know where they have all gone. But we must find
them, or soon the entire world will feel the pain the
East did in June of 1999.

The Ravaged Land

Ah. I see some of you know the date. Some were
sensitive enough to the Mother's pain to feel Her
agony as Her skin blistered and peeled, over in the
East, at the center of an "unexpected" hurricane.
Others heard of it second-hand, third-hand. And as
the story was passed on and repeated, it grew no less
horrific. Someone — something — had used a spiritual
weapon, the likes of which we had never before seen,
in the heart of Bangladesh.

I have heard it likened to a nuclear weapon. The
destruction, some say, was the same — only that it fell on
the other side of the Gauntlet, and blasted the Penumbra
to glass. So the humans do not know what happened, and
they cannot see the poisons that seep from the other side
of the Gauntlet into the physical world. But we know, of
course. We know that the spirit and the material are
closely linked, one to the other. Just as poison that seeps
into the earth will poison the Umbra in turn, so too does
the damage to the spirit world kill the potential of this
land. Someone has committed a grave atrocity against
the world, and for what purpose? Who could even harness
such power? And what madness drove them to think they
could be safe from such a thing?

So. We send Ragabash to unearth what knowledge
they can, to hopefully discover the culprits. We send
Theurges to heal the land as best they can. We send
Philodox to question the surviving spirits. We send
Galliards to coordinate all we learn. And when we find
who did sucha thing, we will send Ahroun — we must,
or we will prove ourselves a toothless, useless thing
that can only show its belly to the Mother's enemies in
hopes that they will scratch us rather than gut us.

We have no time left. We must act.

|


Who is this Unicorn but the only-begotten Son of God?

— Saint Ambrose

Camps

"So what are these "camps" I keep hearing about?
Are they like political parties, or what?" Ringer sat
with Amanda and the others listening to a folksinger.
The guy sucked, but it wasn't polite to let him know,
no matter how much Ringer would have liked to put
the guitar out of its misery by smashing it over its
owner's skull.

"Not really. They're just factions within the tribe.
All tribes have them, from what I hear, to some degree;
some are geographical, but most are ideological. All of
ours were —are, still — based on ideology, even if they
aren't as important as they used to be, since True
Silverheels called for an end to them. I mean, they all
share Unicorn's ideal for peace. They just have differ-
ent ideas about how to get it.

The Anotofed Oper

"Now, these guys were the real peaceniks. Worse,"
Amanda shifted in her chair, "than Joné will ever be.
Renouncedall violence, and refused to compromise on
the issue. The trouble with that was—"

"The War of the Apocalypse." Rich's human face
was grim. Ringer wondered for a moment how the

metis' human shape could hold so much Rage. He had
been in the War since before he was even conceived.

"Right. Like it or not, Gaia made us so we could
fight, and totally swearing off war is about as natural as
asking a hawk to get everywhere by walking. The
Anointed were real sages. They taught us Gifts and
rites to help with Rage... we owe them a lot. But when
a Black Spiral hell-horde comes knocking, nonvio-
lence doesn't help much. No one would let them join
multi-tribal packs; I mean, if you know someone isn't
going to bare fangs against a Spiral that has your throat
in its jaws, you don't want them for a packmate. Save
for a few that still hang out in the heart of some all-
Children septs, they're all gone. Least, far as I know."

Joné looked sad. "But... that doesn't mean that
nonviolence doesn't work, doesn't really work some-
times. Look at the Angels in the Garden. They worked
to rescue abused children from this cult called the
Seventh Generation. I know two of the kids they
saved; we brought them within the Veil and they are
Kinfolk now. They won, ina way; the warriors of other
tribes cut out the heart of the Seventh Generation,

Chapter Two: The Grove 33

ae eames emai: Ee NS

and they focused on the healing and protection of the
innocents. Good for them!

"Look, maybe it doesn't always happen. Maybe it's
rare, rare as... the flowering of the bamboo. Maybe you
can work all your life and live all your life and die and
never... see it happen, see it be real. But that doesn't
mean you shouldn't try. You have to." Joné was earnest.
Ringer's skin crawled, even as sun warmed him through
a gap in the trees. He thought of the sky-watchers that
waited and waited for the millennial returns of comets,
of the building of cathedrals over centuries. Was peace
that rare? It was that precious, surely. A cloud passed and
they enjoyed the short pause in the hot sun. The
weather had gotten really nasty.

"Peace might come only after the Apocalypse,
yeah. Or sooner. Yeah... the Angels worked hard for
peace, Joné, and they're mostly dead too after that gang
of child fomori got in with those lick-on tattoos. The
Seventh Gens are gone, but not thanks to us chanting
or burning incense. But the Angels disbanded after
that. Partly cause their main enemy was gone, partly
thanks to True's call for unification. Some of them
hooked up with another group, though; one that
doesn't call itself a camp, but merits the word."

Jeckert of the Lett Tplbat

Amanda looked at the screen and laughed. "You're
a Seeker, Joné? I knew you were into weird stuff like
UFOs, but this is just over the top!"

"] just do their web pages!" Joné protested. "Any-
way, it's a harmless little hobby."

"Tell that to the ones ripped apart by Black Spirals."

Ringer leaned over Amanda and joined her in
looking at the computer screen. "Who are the Seekers?"

"Suicidal nutballs."

Joné took off her shoes and crossed her legs in the
chair. "Hey!" She pointed to some information on her
screen. "Legend has it, Ringer, that the Garou can win
if they can unite all the tribes. Considering the state of
the Bunyip, Croatan, and White Howlers, this is a
little difficult. The Seekers, or Seekers of the Lost
Tribes, are trying to make this legend a reality."

"You are nutballs."

"Are we?" Joné began to quickly click through
links, highlighting pictures and text. "Where there's
Kin, there's hope. While there are no more Bunyip left,
a group of Seekers believes they've found some surviv-
ing Kin in northern Australia. Of course, this wouldn't

Children of Gaia

ray jn

ee


be the first time they've thought that." Maps of the
Torres Strait filled the screen until Joné clicked again.

"Here in America, we've documented several cases
of ‘spirit wolf sightings that match what we know of
the Croatan lupus. In fact..." Joné pulled up a picture
on the web page of a half-visible object in a forest that
resembled a wolf. "Here's some photographic evi-
dence. In addition, we're getting real close to tracing
the actual bloodline of the Croatan in several surviv-
ing native genealogies; there are some Creek and
Catawba families that might have the Old Blood."

Ringer looked hard at the picture on the screen,
which was furry and blurry. "Are you hunting Garou or
Bigfoot?" Straightening up, he announced, "It's crazy.
And what about the White Howlers? They're about as
lost as a cause can get."

Joné smiled. "Well, Ringer, we just try to rescue
Black Spiral cubs. Or keep their Ronin alive. And if we
can't keep one with us, maybe a half will do." She
waited for it to dawn on him what she was saying. "So,
you wanna give up on Rich? Or would you rather
become an honorary member?"

"Uh, I guess... if what he says is true, then we're all
members. Except we're Finders. Not just Seekers."

"She isn't telling you everything," Amanda said.
"There's another version of the legend that says we
need all the Changers, not just the Garou. So we'd
need to find the Sons of the Bear, those giant lizards,
whatever they were called, all of them. Most of which,
of course, were driven into extinction several millen-
niaago, and some of which were kin to animals that are
likewise extinct. And how likely is that?"

"I don't know, "Manda, but—" Joné closed down
the computer to save battery power. "I'm at least going
to try! Besides, think of what we learn even by looking.
Garou fetishes, new spirit allies, new ways of thinking.
The ways of being Garou are bounded but infinite."

The Enplent Deed

"There were other camps too." Amanda walked
with them as Hack padded ahead. "My parents and
some Hell's Angels were part of —"

"The Hell's Angels? With the Children of Gaia?"
Ringer was laughing and scared at the same time.

"Of course we thought they were with us," Amanda
said. "They seemed to be the same thing as us, rebels
and outcasts. The Patient Deed — that's the camp that
tried this — always held that we should welcome all,
try to stay our hands, not fight till the Last Day. Not
afraid of violence, but wanting it in its proper place.
But just as always, we were assuming the natural
goodness of people. And we were wrong."

>

"Why do I think I've heard this before?" Joné

muttered.

"We keep pounding ourselves about the Wars of
Rage," Ringer added. "I don't think this is related to
some fault you see in the Children. We know better by

"

now.

"Do we?" Amanda asked. "Let me tell you about
my parents. They made the same mistake only a
generation ago and they thought they had it all figured
out, too." She grimaced and the memories came to her.
"Ofcourse, they were a little more foolish than most...."

"They were what would probably be called ‘hip-
pies' nowadays, but really they were just part of the
whole Berkeley intellectual crowd. For a while they
hung out with a writer named Ken Kesey, became part
of his group of ‘Merry Pranksters.' Stayed at his place
all the time smoking pot and dropping acid."

Joné interrupted briefly to ask, "Kesey? Didn't he
write One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest? Was he one of
us?"

"Yes, he wrote the book. No, he wasn't one of us.
We were in that scene, but it wasn't ours." Amanda
took another sip of her drink before continuing. "Any-
way, around 1965 that whole crowd began embracing
the Hell's Angels. Saw them as alienated American
heroes or something like that. Eventually Kesey got in
contact with the Angels through Hunter Thompson.
It was the day he was having charges for marijuana use
dropped and Kesey and my parents were putting up a
big sign reading ‘THE MERRY PRANKSTERS WEL-
COME THE HELL'S ANGELS'. Needless to say, the
cops were all over the place.

"According to my dad, everyone was worried the
Angels would get violent after dropping too much
acid. Turns out it made them as serene as any of the
peaceniks they were hanging out with. When my
parents described sitting down with Allen Ginsberg,
Richard Alpert, and a bunch of Hell's Angels in a
circle to chant the Maha Prajnaparamita Sutra, they
spoke with the reverence of people who had walked
with Daniel in the den of lions.

"Of course it was all bullshit. They had no idea
what the Angels really were, and the drugged out peace
caused by LSD didn't help their misinterpretation. All
the radicals in the Berkeley scene began to assume
there was some sort of natural alliance gong on, and
they loved it. Students who didn't even have the guts
to sign a petition or shoplift a candy bar admired how
the Angels didn't come on with theories and songs and
quotes, but with muscle and sheer balls.

"So comes this big ‘Get Out of Vietnam' march.
Everyone either thinks the Angels are more peaceful
than they are made out to be, or misread the motiva-

Chapter Two: The Grove 35

i


A SOLES RTE SAS ALN or SR A SR

tion for their violence. My parents were at the head of
that march, fifteen thousand strong, leading marchers
from Berkeley to the Oakland Army Terminal. They
were met by a four-hundred-man flying wedge of
Oakland policemen decked out in riot gear. During the
standoff, along comes a gang of twelve Hell's Angels
screaming ‘Traitors!' ‘Communists!' and ‘Beatniks!' It
was all my father could do to keep from Raging while
they beat up some of the leaders and tore down the
speaker equipment. The police eventually restrained
them, but the damage was lasting.

"So in the end, the Angels revealed their true
colors. They didn't attack any more marches, though
they did have a press conference where they called the
marchers a bunch of un-American traitors and volun-
teered their services to the President for the war in
Vietnam. He never took them up on the offer, though."

"Gee, I wonder why?" Joné said with feigned shock.

"Yeah. So when True called for the abolition of
camps, a lot of the Patient Deed who remembered
failures like that stood down and went along with it.
It's kind of a shame, though; it was basically encourag-
ing the idea that the camp hasn't done anything
worthwhile since the 1960s — hell, it encourages the
idea that they never did anything worthwhile before
the 60s! And that's just so wrong. The Patient Deed
was reaching out to the Uktena and Wendigo during
the Old West era and even before; they were trying to
mend fences in Turkey and the Middle East and North
Africa even before that. But because some of us fixate
too much on the same decade — one decade, out of
millennia of existence as a tribe! — nobody looks
beyond it much. The Patient Deed suffered from that.
It's scary. You'd think that with our ancestors acces-
sible to us, more of us would try to remember more, but
damn if we just don't keep letting the immediate past
define us."

"So you're saying that because we don't look back,
we have to keep relearning the same lesson: ‘the enemy
of my enemy is not necessarily a friend?" asked Ringer.

Amanda shook her head. "No. I'm saying we can't
trust anyone unless we know their goals and methods
are something we can live with. And even then, we
can't be sure. Of course, the Children have made that
mistake since the beginning, my parents made it in'65,
and we just made it now."

Srroboent Sythe

"But isn't it worthwhile to get help from others?
Especially if there's something like the Apocalypse
going down? Is there anyone in this tribe that's ready
to fight?"

3

en

"Ringer, there are many Children who seek the
path of peace but don't rule out striking back. The
Imminent Strike — they were the most aggressive
about it. They were the ones who were willing to fight
alone in the Last Battle."

"Alone? How?"

"Well, it wasn't something they wanted, mind. But
they didn't want to have to look out for any other tribes
— or camps — that wouldn't have their backs one
hundred percent. See, the reasoning went like this:
Most other tribes, and most other camps, just weren't
able to cooperate fully on account of their own hang-
ups. The Shadow Lords were too obsessed with hierar-
chy and absolute chains of command. The Get didn't
care whether the Garou survived the Final Battle or
not, just as long as they won — so they weren't
trustworthy. The Black Furies were too exclusive, the
Uktena too close to the enemy, the Silver Fangs too
ailing, and so on. As for the rest of the Children of
Gaia, well, the Strikers didn't think we were willing to
go the distance to win the war; they were convinced
that we wouldn't give up our ideals if we had to."

"So I guess that True's call...?"

"You know, | talked to a Striker not long after
that, and asked him if the new unity was what he was
looking for. He said, ‘If everyone had immediately
embraced it, then yes, it's what I'd have been looking
for. But they didn't. Looks like the rest of the tribe
still isn't ready."

"What a hardass." Joné pursed her lips.

"You don't know the half of it. These guys were
hardcore. They cultivated martial arts, Iskakku, all
that, collected war fetishes, trained all the time, and
every once ina while they'd drift over and ask us some
riddles, testing us to see if we were ready for the Final
Battle. Now you don't hear about that sort of thing
much, but there's still a good number of our tribe who
keep on building their war skills, readying themselves.
I don't think the Imminent Strike disbanded. I think
they're still out there, only now I wonder if they aren't
trying to recruit more people from other tribes instead
of us." She sighed. "I hope they haven't given up on the
rest of us, I really do. I mean, they were never really the
best peacemakers, but damn if they weren't good at
teaching others to defend the works the rest of us had
put together."

Jervante of the Uphoorn

"Okay... what about the struggle to unify the
tribes before the End Time? Anyone working on that?"
Joné led the group back down toward the strange
concrete airstrip of the new ‘Woodstock.' It was hot as
hell and humid as a steambath. "You know, there's

Children of Gaia

tiie, //,

|


.

something kooky about this place; doesn't feel right
somehow." People were nice, mostly, but the site itself
felt weird, charged almost. Was it the status of the
place as an old caern?

"Yeah. That was the mission of the Servants of the
Unicorn. They were the largest camp before True
abolished the camps, or tried to. Honestly, they were
a majority of the Children who wanted peace between
the tribes and worked for it, and still do."

"Like how?" Ringer asked.

"Well," Amanda went on, "by arranging meet-
ings and talks, by seeking common goals, like Blythe
Holdsclaw's unity pact troops. He's a Child of Gaia in
the mountain states, and his band was a group of
multi-tribe packs that went into the Shadow to find
Wyrm-nests and cleanse them. Good fighter, too.
Their latest trek started about six months ago, and
they aren't back yet."

"Kewl. Can I go?" Ringer twirled his staff.

"He welcomes anyone who's willing to cooperate
and hunt down Wyrm-taint. Another Servant is
Diana Goddess-daughter; Jamie Martin's her right
name. She's worked for years in the troubles in
Northern Ireland, taking cubs and Kin to summers in
Norway, with Hjorlief Greatheart's sept in the

Lofotens. She doesn't scorn fighting if it'll get some-
thing practical done. A Get pack trains them to-
gether in Garou lore. And trains them in combat...
sometimes kids from different sides get to know each
other. Peace on the firing range."

"The Get help us? I thought they despised us!" Joné
was Curious.

"No, they're willing to help as long as we provide
hideouts for them... take their wounded for healing,
all that. Not all of them are racists, you know. They'll
teach anyone how to fight, just because they think
fighting's fun. Hell, they helped us fight apartheid in
South Africa! There were the crazy racist weirdos
among the Get who supported the Broderbund and the
Total Strategy, but there were some that were even
more whacked. They fought apartheid because it ‘pro-
tected the weak!' They wanted blacks to have the same
rights so that if whites were superior, they could damn
well prove it — and if they weren't, so that the stronger
race would have its opportunity to make its fortune!
Loved the old Zulus because they were brave and
strong, and wanted that kind of valor in a foe; | hear a
few Get even bred with some of the warrior tribes out
of Africa. One of them howled in moot once. ‘I need
no LAW to make me the master. | AM a master and no
one will slander me by saying that a law MAKES me

Chapter Two: The Grove 37

— Eee

aw

iN


A am re mise: wht SURES LOR. TE EATER rae a aco erea ae)

so.' So they lobbied, breathed down a few Afrikaner
politicians' necks, generally made a nuisance of them-
selves... maybe it helped. See, we can get along.
There's always something you have in common, some-
thing someone wants. Something you can do. So the
Servants aren't really a camp, they're just keeping on.
Doing some good where they can."

To Ringer, that sounded like all anyone could do.

Enger of Cfornal Peace

"There is one group that I probably should men-
tion, but I don't like even thinking about them."
Amanda shivered as she spoke.

Rich seemed confused. "If this group you mention
isso repulsive, then why do we evenallow them to exist
as part of the tribe? The factions are being dismantled."

"The problem is that they aren't actually Children
of Gaia. They just think they are."

Now Joné cocked her head in curiosity. "Posers?"

"No. Black Spirals. That's what they are; they just
don't know it yet. They call themselves the Bringers of
Peace and strive towards bringing about the Apoca-
lypse as quickly as possible."

Hack spat. "That is sick."

"How could that happen?" Joné asked. "Wouldn't
they be Black Spirals just like any other?"

"If a Child dances the Black Spiral, yes, of course;
that's their initiation into their new tribe. But you can
fall without actually going into the Black Labyrinth.
Think about it; when a Garou gives into the Wyrm he
is essentially giving into his Rage. But what about a
Child of Gaia who is in control of her Rage? What does
she give into?"

Amanda paused for a moment while everyone
contemplated the question, then spoke again. "She
gives into a perverted version of peace, the ‘ultimate
answer'. By bringing an end to the world, they reason
that this will also bring a final peace to everything.

e... third peace. The Wyrm's."

"They're insane!" Rich declared.

"They're Black Spirals," Amanda corrected.

Joné stared off into the distance and began to
speak. "I think I saw one of them once. This dirty,
battered looking old woman had come to our sept.
When she changed to Crinos there were patches of
missing hair and her eyes were yellow and jaundiced.
She began preaching something about the ‘final peace',
trying to convert members of the sept. Instead they
jumped on her and tore her to pieces. No one ever
explained what it was about, but now I think I know.
She looked so pathetic, Amanda!"

ne A eee

"Don't feel sorry for her," Hack growled. "Your
sept was merciful."

Zrecdt avd Ausplaat
iowkh

Night again and the pack gathered by the camp
lamp. Ringer finished the last of his bratwurst and soda.

"We are most of the tribe... most of all the tribes.
The other two breeds are just not common enough."
Mandy frowned.

"So, you had any pups? I know a good Kinfolk stud."
Hack's tail wagged high, the equivalent of a smile.

"Don't be silly. Any children I bore would carry my
breed form. That's part of the problem. Male homids
can impregnate wolf bitches, but females can't help
out in the same way. And there you nies itsHomids in

"That you're all mutts?" Hack loved homids ( one
in particular) but enjoyed making fun of them too.
"That we don't just value diversity foritsown sake,
which is silly. We use our diversity to make ourselves
stronger. Pretty much any sept is going to have Chil-
dren from four or five different countries, from: adozen

spiritua .Anda ies lworker, a Navy fireman, a crochet
artist and a skater don't agree on everything, but they
have a lot to bring to the table. | remember Pearl-of-
the-River using Chinese herbal medicine to quell my
nausea when I was pregnant; she also treated Raised-
By-A-Power when the chemo made her puke blood....
Us being from everywhere, all over the place, us
accepting pretty much everyone, doesn't make us
weaker. Hell, Joné, didn't you say a Black Spiral had
logged on to that chat board of yours?"

"He said he was one... it's all totally anonymous,
so [have no way to find out. I mean, the spirit that runs
it is supposed to open it only to Garou and Kin. So he
was Garou, and who would claim to be a Black Spiral
who wasn't really one?"

Supe

"Never see too many four-legs, not in One-Horn's
tribe," Hack said as night sounds returned during a
break for the bands. "The old blood is too thin. Hell,
One-Horn's almost a human himself. Maybe—" Ringer
could almost hear Hack shifting further toward human

38 Children of Gaia

i _—__

ii

a


"

think you're better haf us....

"We do not!" shouted Ringer and realized | tha
wolf was joking.

"Well, we agree with you on most things. This
‘peace', now, that's something we argue about. Because
wolves don't have war! But we see humans fight, make
peace, fight again. You two-legs, always tottering
around, falling forward till the other foot catches you,
this peace you want is a Weaver-thing, made like a
clock, hard to make, hard to fix. Lupus... if we seek
peace, it's the peace of Gaia: nature's way where killing
is for food, struggling for dominance is not fighting, is
not killing. Gaia is not static and She isn't ‘nice.' But
She is a way of peace."

"But — the Wyld is dying. Every year, more trees
are cut down, more species extinct."

"Yeah, so most of us lupus live with humans
somehow: sometimes ‘wild' on estates, sometimes as
pets, sometimes in zoos and stuff. | mean, the three-
squares-a-day part's not so bad. And we tend to be
healthier, most of the time."

"If you could be, I mean, wild, would you?"

"I don't know. I'd miss talking to two-legs with
your crazy ideas, and I'd miss ice cream."

The two of them had drifted away a little. "Hey,
dog, let's go for a walk."

Hack followed, no words necessary. "Hack, I don't
really know how to say this, but I feel kind of strange
here. I mean, are you—"

"Yeah. Rich feels it too. There's something bad
about this place, and we can't figure out just what. I
want to get some of the Crescent Moons together and
try to unriddle it, though."

"Uh, sure. Don't know how much help I'd be, but
just tell me if there's anything you need me to do." He
swallowed in a throat suddenly dry. "I, actually, was
thinking about something else." They walked out of
the camping area, through the gate, and into the
concert zone. "I was wondering how you—" Music
pummeled them as Blip-3.1416 began a set.

mai

a LET EER

"Huh?" Loud music was a real pain to wolves and
Garou because of their sensitive hearing. If caught by
surprise it was worse.

"Nothing."

Nef
"Rich, do you think the Children are really fair

toward metis?" The great wolf-head turned toward her
in the camp lamp's light. The noise of the festival
roared outside the camp circle. This, was a great place
to pass unnoticed as Garou.

"Mandy, that's not a fair question. No tribe, not
even the Gnawers, knows how to deal with us. None
of them really deals with us the way that they deal with
two-legs or four-legs. We know this is true... it's okay."

"No tribe save one, Rich." Joné had head and
shoulders out of her sleeping bag, glasses glittering red.
She had been starwatching.

The Hispo shape growled. "You mean the Fallen.
1 know better than you do of what they offer."

"How — what do you mean, Rich?" Mandy was
curious now, the asker for once and not the teller.

"I mean that there is one tribe who are fair to metis,
and that is the Dancers. And that I have sire-right
among them."

"You're a Ronin? thought Dancers always caught
them." Joné's eyes were wide.

"No, there are some packs out there who do
their best to rescue Dancer Ronin and bring them to

the Children." This sigue was sure of. "The last

"Tama Child of
half Fury? Of coursém dr
ever touched my maéther."/ —

"She was... seduced?
a qualm of fear as she a

Chapter Two: The Grove

SS


a A"

His voice was completely neutral. "They surprised
the sept by blackmailing the watch-spirits and slaying
the Kin who guarded the caern during a revel. He raped
her and mutilated her with silver, then left her alive to
watch her packmates hanged, cut down alive, and
skinned over a fire. The Dancers fled as her cousin's
pack approached. My mother went to the Sunset Sea
Sept when she knew she was pregnant, knowing that
a Dancer was the father. Wounded as she was, she bore
me, then went with her cousin to attack the Hell's
Hand Hive and did not return."

Mandy and Joné sat silently. No answer would come.

"You asked me about metis and fairness. | am here
with you when the Sunset Sea Sept knew, all my days,
what I tell you. That is my answer."

"Rich... thanks. Thanks." Mandy knew many
metis, most living at caerns. "Aren't most sept officials,
keepers of the land, aren't they metis?" Joné had
recovered enough to propose a safer topic. "I notice
that that's something a lot of them do."

"Well, we are born Crinos, and many of us can't
rely on staying out of it. So a caern is a safer place for
us. Also, it lets us serve."

"Serve? You mean serve Gaia?"

"No. I mean serve fellow Garou. The harder we
work, the more we work, the better homids like us.
And the easier things are for them." Mandy knew that
this was true. Metis rode easier on the superhuman
strength and fury of the Crinos form than any others,
and she'd seen her metis friend Earthback rebuild a
concrete-slab building by hand. Was this why Mule
was so sacred to them?

"And, really, it's our rightful place. The center of
Garou life is ours. We are the middle breed, the only
ones who are born Garou instead of human or wolf. If
Gaia marks us, that's her business."

Mandy wondered how many packs would have
heard Rich out. The tolerance of the Children had its
limits. But it did make sense... what other secrets did
metis keep?

Kinfofh

"My mother," Joné said, "has always been glad that
I was Garou, gladder once you guys made me a pack
member." Ringer and Hack had returned and sat by
Mandy. Joné's white teeth flashed in a smile. "But she
was really just as glad when my brother wasfine, healthy...
and Kin. It's a strange thing: all these marriage negotia-
tions and matchmaking to make Kin bear us, but really,
who carries the Old Blood? The real tribe..."

"Are the Kin!" Ringer felt he understood for once.
"Yeah, I can see it too. I mean, I couldn't do much for
myself when I Changed. I was crazy, too full of Rage. Kin

40

pus eee EL FUT IGE TTOEG MALLAal FeBAeRUESS ore


are a lot more than we give them credit for; our parents,
our siblings, even for metis they surround us—."

"Bind the galaxy together?" Joné laughed. Ringer
went on:

"All those organizations! Gaia Youth Network,
my two brothers do tables for them at the college.
Gaian Rainbow Action Community Explorers, they
raised money for a kid I know who got kicked out
the Scouts because he was gay; Gaian Urban And
Rural Defense—

"They cleaned up the stream that runs through the
Sunset Sea caern, and got all the property owners to
watchdog on their own property! The caern spirit says
someday we might restore the salmon run! I was
meditating with my feet in the water one time,"
Amanda chimed in, "and a little old lady, lives by the
creek, came down and told me not to pollute the
stream ‘because the salmon won't come back!"

Joné went on, "Yeah, when even ordinary humans
get involved, I g ood job. Idida
iteofith aental Edu-

to find a place
tic bottles and
the polymers.
and Garou, even
a dating network fob our other tribes' Kin.
Hell, my parents met that way, at a key exchange party
for Kinfolk. The Garou are the warriors, the edge of the
tool, but it's Kin keep it working, going."

Amanda said, "It's Kin that keep the Church of
Gaia going too. My sister is teaching for them in India
right now; | just got a letter from her and an email from
a friend of hers in South Africa. Her husband, he's
Garou, went to try to negotiate with the Red Talons,
and she went just to teach and learn from the humans,
Kin and maybe-Kin. To talk about solutions with
people at the bottom of the food chain. Yeah, most of
the people who work for Unicorn are Kin, not Garou.
No Rage, no frenzy. I... | wonder sometimes if the
blood grows thin because they can do so much, even
without us...because if peace comes, real peace, what
about Gaia's warriors? What about us?"

The pack sat silent, man, woman and wolf in
thoughts of their own.

Jats and Sochefy
The Volee of the Codey

Joné asked, "So who... runs a Children of Gaia
sept? I saw someone called "Voice of the Mother" on
one site. Is that the leader?"

a

Amanda smiled. "The Voice is a woman who
speaks Gaia's will. Sometimes the Children listen. She
doesn't command."

"Sounds like a way to get nothing done. So how do
you get to be one?"

"Gaia chooses." Amanda gave a wry look. "Sup-
posedly. You basically have to... walk the walk, I guess.
I mean, it's not like we don't know Her will. It's just
that we don't do it. You have to speak out wisely. Know
what you're talking about."

"That sounds more like a politician than a prophet.
Do you have to be ‘chosen' from above too?" Rich
watched across the fire, Hispo-huge and glitter-eyed.

"Don't sneer too loud while you sit on Her body.
Yeah, sure, some Voices just butter up the right people.
But my grandmother sat as Voice because two elders
heard spirits cry her name. You never know who the
spirits will choose."

"So, Manda, are you the Voice for this pack? You
fit your own description." Rich's Hispo voice was
thunder in a barrel. "The spirits like you."

"J... uh, I guess I am. I... thanks, I guess." Joné
caught embarrassment on the older woman's face. "I
might be Voice for the sept when Summer is gone. I
hope that's a long time. Voice in Waiting, maybe."

Ringer thought that it wouldn't be a long time,
probably.

The Aru of the Cooder

Amanda Barret went on, "Ringer, if] am Her Voice,
even in waiting, you must be Her Arm. It is the pack's
will. Even Snow Falling on Hackberries. He has said so."

Mandy's words surprised him. "And prop up Beekaw
at the sept; his wounds bother him more and more as
the years go by."

"Yeah... I knew a guy that was Arm of the God-
dess," he said. Ringer felt strange, hot-faced.

Am blushing? he wondered. The guy had wanted
him; hadn't worked out.

"J know what it means. It's doing for Her... not just
fighting. Everything. It means leading, but going farther,
working harder than the rest. Being an example. Because
an arm isn't just a fist. The... hand, being able to make
tools, use tools. That's not something Weaver-wrought,
not something... wrong. Even lupus have hands," he
went on, surprised at himself (he wasn't much ofa talker,
he'd always thought), "even the Talons. The Arm and
the Voice work together. Thanks for the nomination. I'll
try to be a deft hand. A clever hand."

Amanda said, "Yes. We'll see how it all works out.
Her Arms are doers: look at Cernounos down under,
whelping the Bunyip. Those around you have chosen.
You won't fail."

Chapter Two: The Grove

na

a

|

The Peart of the Coder

"But, Mandy, who is it that connects the Head and
the Arm of the Goddess?" Rich spoke the Garou
tongue, human speech lost in his dire-wolf shape.
Woodstock drummed on.

"The shoulder of the Goddess, of course." Joné
looked up from the glowing computer screen. "Does
the sept have a "Spleen of the Goddess" too?"

"No office or sept's big enough to cover the whole of
Her." Mandy was unruffled, used as she was to No-Moons.

"The Hole of the Goddess? Which hole is that?"

"Key-clicker, hush and you might learn something.
If you live that long." Rich nodded to Mandy to go on.

"The Heart of the Goddess was the center of the
sept, long ago. That was the one who neither did for
Her nor spoke for Her, but simply was for Her. She, he,
would be a metis, an elder, a child. Someone outside
the mating rites, someone free from childbearing.
Sometimes a man or woman would take the post and
dress as the opposite sex, to honor Lore-Speaker Gron
who held us to the way of peace."

"So what does, did, the Heart of the Mother do?
Just meditate all day?"

"The Heart makes connection between the mind
and the hand. Not always by speaking, not always by

acting. He or she keeps the sept going, by believing, by
being himself. Herself. Gives them energy, gives them
life. I knew a Heart once who spent her last ten years of
life just collecting the life stories of every sept member,
Kin and Garou, on video. Let anyone see the tapes,
anyone inside the Veil I mean. I saw a few tapes she did.
It's amazing how centered it made her sept, how aware
of each other as people. I hope they kept those secret
from the more conservative Philodox; it'd be a shame if
they had to destroy them in the name of preserving the
Veil. Another one built a mound, deep inside the caern,
spirits guiding him, never speaking. He's gone now.
They have danced on that mound fifty years."

"So is there any sept that still has a Heart?" Joné
was fascinated.

"There's ours," Rich said, deep voice shaking
Mandy's guts. "lam honored to beat there in Her chest."

"What — how did you get to be the Heart? mean,
are you elected or something?"

"You just know. Sunset Sea had no Heart since
Roaring-at-the-Stars fell. It comes from below. From
where being comes from. I can't describe it. You feel
how the pack is part of you... you're one with them. It
came to me one night, watching, right after we came
and got you, Joné. That the pack was whole now. That
I am the Mother's Heart."

42 Children of Gaia

[POD Pe EOE DELI, DEE Te TES EE OT


"What will you do for the pack?"

"Gaia willing, keep you all alive." He settled head
on paws, statue-like in the sticky New York night.

Green Branchat

"The Two Branches are the other important sept
posts. Gathers-Flinders is the Green Branch at Sunset
Sea; you've heard her speak on the web, guys. Basically
what the Green Branch does is act as a voice for the
biosphere, the parts of it that can't speak for them-
selves, anyway. Her teacher, Raises a Voice, would let
the spirits fill him... it was wonderful, amazing. She
simply hears them and tells us what they say."

"So do you talk back?" asked Joné.

Amanda went on, "We can. One moot, the Silver
Gulch salamander spoke to us, to tell us her breeding
pools were poisoned. We asked whether there were
any other places she could spawn. I went on that trip,
to move the salamanders." Amanda was proud. "The
species still lives. There are two elementary schools
that work to maintain her habitat now."

Cut Branchar

"Some septs still keep Cut Branches. Creepy. J only
saw them once, at the sept in Brighton. They... are the
voices of the dead. For the ancestors; they usually keep
tabs on their own and everyone else's. For the lost tribes,
the lost Changers. For the extinct species. That night a
Branch got up and sang a tale of the White Howlers,
about their mad courage, their ‘overmood' she called it,
to jump down the Enemy's throat and gut it from within,
even if it ate them doing it! About how being proud as
the Devil is devilish." She drew a breath. "But still
proud. We lamented that their honor was gone."

"I do not defend my... them. Their honor is gone.
But know that their valor and strength are not." Rich
seemed about to weep, even in Hispo.

"So what do they do? Besides talk?" Joné was
reaching for her Visor.

"They move us to remember. And to remember is to
act. The Bunyip may be gone, the Croatan, but the fact
that they lived and died should move us todo something!"

"J think, after all this talk," Ringer said, "that we are
going to see if the Hand of Gaia sept is talking about
something else." He smiled. "And if the beer tent is still
open. You coming?" The wolf got up and they went.

The mud-wrestling pit was busy this time of night.
Ringer watched with appreciation as two men and two
women grappled, mostly bare, in the slimy mess. "Good
takedown there!"

"This," Hack said, "is the tackiest thing I've ever
seen." One woman went flat on her face, covered head
to toe in mud. Her opponent leaped on her and
splashed mud over the first row of spectators.

—]—————

ee ey

Chapter Two: The Grove

"J think it's cool. That people feel free enough to
do this, you know?" The guys were shifting, each trying
for a hold. He became aware of History-of-Clay stand-
ing beside him.

"You a fan of this stuff? Or just like the show?"

"I'm not sure what the difference is," Ringer said.
"It's pretty neat to watch, yeah."

"T agree. Y'know, the rave's starting up soon at the
second stage.... I'm going to see about a rite there.
Maybe y'd like to come with?"

"Uh, sure. Hey, Hack, that okay with you?" The
wolf nodded.

The rave was a strange place to be: dancing under
the lights, endless techno, Hack in human form because
‘it's more fun that way', and the strange Theurge quietly
pacing beyond the edge of the crowd, singing a chant
that was drowned out. The music was great and Ringer
danced a long time, Hack moving in and out of his
vicinity, ethereal vocals and samples in a matrix of
endless pounding beat. The dancing led him toa strange
state of mind, time passing without him, and he looked
up when music stopped to find his two companions.

"It didn't work, really. I don't know if you no-
ticed," History-of-Clay said.

"What didn't work? What rite were you trying to
perform?" They walked toward the beer tent.

"The spirits... to see if they'd come, maybe. The
beat summoning them. But no joy, sorry. I guess trying
to keep the rite subtle so the humans wouldn't notice
is no way to convince the spirits that they're wanted."

"J, uh, hope it works out better next time. C'mon,
Hack, let's go drink some beer."

The Lang

Ringer, half-awake, stretched on the air mattress.
The tent was big enough for him to stretch, at least.
First time's never that good, they'd told him. The guy
had been great, had been wild, had been.... He turned.

Awolfslept beside him, legs moving in dog-dreams.

"Hack, wake up. We gotta talk."

"Morning." Wolves were morning people. Ringer
was not.

"Hack, uh, about last night—"

"You feel okay? Happy? Didn't hurt you, did 1?"

"Yeah, uh, I feel really good." He smiled, hung
his head. "But... I mean, don't you think it's wrong
or something?"

"You didn't think so ‘bout two a.m." Hack was
wearing his human form, possibly in case Ringer wanted

more. "Going to blame it on the cheap beer? Come on,
you know you're a kweerboy."

43
aera

|

"Yeah, I know I'm gay." Ringer wondered briefly
where Hack learned everything about human society
when he'd been pupped a wolf. Not important. "But, I
mean, you're a wolf!" Dawn reddened the tent's fabric

"Not now. And when I'm a wolf I don't want you,
or anybody, except when the time and the company
are right."

"Huh?" Ringer's Garou senses could still smell
last night.

"It's —no, don't ask. It's too complicated, take my
word for it."

"But, look. I'm human, or at least mostly human.
You're a wolf. And we're both Garou. Aren't we
supposed to... not do this?"

"Well, the Bible stuff is for humans, one or two
religions' worth. And I'm nota wolf when we're hittin'
the mat. Now, the Litany's another story. I'm no'
mating with you, because | mate once a year—."

"In good years." They both laughed. Ringe'
thought I'll never leave him. Never.

"And if you're hoping for cubs I have some ex
plaining to do." His face grew serious. "But the Litan'
is for real. Remember Mandy's lesson?"

eee

"Other tribes don't like our ta he |
Mandy blew across a cup of coffee in Sally Ann's}
whizzed by. Woodstock was already steamy th S| arly
on a summer morning. :

"Like the Talons?" Joné dug into a tofu scrambl
on toast. The owners had let Hack in (good reason t

Chinese leftovers while the other patrons smiled.

"Like most of them. But," Mandy went on, steam
misting her glasses as the patchouli-scented waitress
poured more coffee, "the Litany is there for a reason,
and it's phrased the way it is for a reason. And things
change. Oh, things change."

Garou Shab) Not Mafe U6 Garey

Mandy pushed her eggs aside. The diner crowd was
thinning as the morning passed. "Yeah, this is a tough
one, because humans don't understand us, and wolves
are only up for it during estrus. Basically it means don't,
really don't, make metis. I know, Rich, you don't like
that. Sorry. But that's what it means."

Joné asked, "So two Garou, if they like each other,
they can—"

"Careful. Really careful. Our bodies don't work like
ahuman's, so pills and condoms don't always work either.
If you're gay, just have a pup by Kinfolk and no one will
care; if you're straight, watch it with other Garou."

"But isn't that rule kind of, well, outdated?" Joné
was curious.

2 ener aera reer oor amen, cannartencn aorocamenr p.m sen reassert

44
_—_——,

come here) and Ringer had given him last night's®

"No. For one, if you flaunt a Garou lover, other
people get jealous, and you don't want to go through
what a proven charach goes through. For another...
well, I know a Fury who had a metis pup aborted —"
Rich growled softly — "because it would have killed
her before birth. So watch it."

Combat foe Ayr Wherever It Duck
and Whenever It Breedt

They were back in the truck, highway rushing
past. Hack said, "The Litany orders us to battle, but
Garou have fought for eons against the Evil One and
the Wyrm just grows stronger no matter what we do. If
we're working for peace, we've failed." He was in Lupus
as usual, sprawled across Ringer's lap. How lucky we

4 are, Ringer thought. If] was dating a human, I couldn't

have his head in my lap, not most places.

"There are a lot of ways to ‘combat' the Enemy."
andy turned in the shotgun seat as Rich drove.
‘Violence really just makes the Beast-Of-War stron-
er, and it's how the other tribes have kept on losing.
f you kill a dozen Black Spirals, the Hive can just go
sout raping and make more — sorry, Rich. But it's true.
at if youcreate a lasting peace, like the peace between
é hen the Wyrm loses strength. It's
ting, but it yields a better crop."
nd if you have to abandon your work for peace
use a call to battle goes up?"
~ "Then you do it. But only if it's a real call to battle.
oing slumming downtown, looking for vampires to
picka fight with, that's a manufactured need. You have
‘to learn to tell the difference."

| Reppect the Taretiory of Another

"This is one of the lesser commandments these
days," Mandy said as they parked the truck amidst
myriad vehicles. Hack jumped from the tailgate as
Ringer and Joné left on human feet. His nose twitched,
maybe, Ringer thought, at the crushed and poisoned
grass that lay round them. "Most septs will at least
leave you alone unless you cross them. I don't even
know why the elders—"

"What the coil is wrong with you?" Hack exploded
in the High Tongue. He trotted among them through
the festival gate. "Look, you're born human, but you
can smell someone else's piss as well as 1 can. Maybe
homids can squash it, but the feeling is real. Any warm-
blood, maybe the deaders too, gets jumpy around
strangers! It's not something you can wish away. You
twolegs scent yourselves, wash yourselves, and keep
your distance even then. Your blood knows if you
don't. There's a reason for that rule."

"Yeah, our sept was always really careful, even if we

did follow One-Horn," Rich added.

Children of Gaia

——————— ee


|

"T think it's good to be polite." Mandy was careful.
"We can make alliances more easily if we respect
others' beliefs, not just their territory. We are the
diplomats of the Garou. That's a good thing to remem-
ber." The pack trotted along through a crowd so
motley that they looked almost normal, Ringer thought.

Accepp an Plonorable Surrender

The pack had gotten back to where tents leaned
on cedar-bark mulch. Ringer took up his staff and
swung into practice, listening as the talk rattled on.
Sometimes he thought that the Children were less a
tribe than they were a perpetual argument. "Joné, I
think you're bent on disputing every point of the
Litany! Do you think that your preaching nonviolence
means we don't have to fight?"

"No. It means we have another way, another ey
to see the All. Look at the commandment to accept
surrender. Show mercy. Doesn't that mean that i
even better to resolve problems without fighting?"

Hack sat up. "It's Gaia's way. All Her creatures
have ways to avoid fighting —."

"'Cept humans," Joné muttered, plying cords int
some kind of complex braid.

"That's not really true. Even
plomacy and statecraft. Look at the
Easy to fight. Harder to talk things out. Huma'
monsters, no matter what some of my lupus
say." Ringer listened, interested in spite of himself.

Mandy added, "It means more than that too. Whe'
we must have a leader, when we need to order, there ar
better ways than fighting. We didn't invent democracy
but it does work better than one-man rule...."

Hack spoke. "Wolves decide things together. We °

always have. Look at us crossing the ice. One goes, sees
how the ice bears her. Others watch. If the alpha goes
and the others know the ice won't carry them, he isn't
alpha long!"

Jibwkthon fo Bese of Higher Syatlon

"Speaking of which, who's our alpha?" Rich asked.
"Tt sure as Wyrm stink isn't me!"

"Do we need one? I don't think we do." Mandy
pursed her lips. Kevin finished a series of squats and
began practicing the Sepu Istu An. Run, jump, staff,
turn and begin again...

"You're the alpha!" Joné was laughing. "You have
to be. You started it!"

"I am not some kind of patriarchal authority fig-
ure. I think it's an outmoded idea." She folded her arms
defiantly.

"Outmoded?" Hack growled. "No wonder you
homids don't breed with wolves. You don't even try to
understand them."

"Hack, please. Look, no offense, Mandy, but you're
crazy. How can we do anything with no one at the
center, noone tosee all? You got us together, got us here.
You're not dominating us. You can't make us do things.
But we need you. Someone. Someone to intersee, not
oversee. Someone to subvise, not supervise. That's what
I mean." Joné was serious, Visor pushed into a pocket.
Hack nodded. Mandy sighed in the heat and sprayed
herself with water before continuing.

"J... thanks. Thanks, everyone. Look, I don't want
to tell people what to do. It would take too long. But,
yeah, I see what you mean. The Children have usually
had leaders, alphas, whatever. But they don't get there
by feeding people, like among the Bone Gnawers, or by
fighting—" Kevin saw a man approaching at a distance.

"Like the Get." Hack showed interest. "And not
birth, like the Fangs. So how?"

Mandy warmed to the topic. "Well, sometimes it's
d-hocracy. That's how Garret got the Knights of Gaia's
ind together. He was willing to stroke enough Full
‘oon egos to get a fighting force, Children and not.
Sometimes the spirits choose, like Inanna got chosen."
"The Voice, the lady from Australia? I met her a
| nal of spaced-out mysticism,

large following of Garou. Ringer
azed that someone like her, spirits filling all her
could function in the daylight world at all.
eah, she's... well, she sees too much, too clearly,
0 be sitting and watching. Others are the most popular.
at's practical, because it means you can get others to
listen to you. This tribe just has a lot of ways to run
things, maybe because running things is such a pain in
the ass. We recognize that leadership is a complex
status." Kevin stopped the Sepu Istu An and moved to
stand with his pack, staff in hand. A woman went by
with a sign saying NEED SHROOMS! She passed
another man, who looked at her with faintly disguised
contempt, then approached the pack directly.

"Excuse me," the stranger said in slightly accented
Garou, "Moon shine always on you. | am Ten Bulls,
and come with news. Who is your great blessed alpha?"

"J... lam. A star shines on the hour of our meeting,
Ten Bulls. 1am Amanda." The human names sounded
odd in the Garou sentence.

"Your fame goes far, Amanda." Clearly it hadn't if
he didn't know her deed name, but he was being polite.
"Four Winds Howl sends his greetings and bids you to
the council fire at moonrise. The Pipe will pass among
us then. Is it your pleasure to attend?"

"It is... we'd be honored, yes." She nodded.

"May Mother keep you till then." He loped off
toward another campsite.

|

Chapter Two: The Grove

eae eee iinet

na

Sere erence earners aneven son aes aoe moan resscanenrenssanarensvh)

The Dest Sbare of the Sif
jor the Creatett bo Syaflon

"That was weird," said Joné. "Who was that?"

"Another Gibbous Moon. We aren't always so
florid," replied Amanda. "Now who wants to go?"
They all did, even Rich. "Yeah, there are a lot of old
forms of courtesy you'll see sometimes. The whole
‘share the kill' thing, y'know."

"Well, I've hunted." Hack growled. "And there's
a reason for that one too. Food isn't always plentiful.
The strong need to be strong. Someone in the pack has
to be in fighting form."

"Social Darwinism, dammit. Well," Amanda in-
sisted, "I'm not a wolf. And I don't hunt for my food.
So what good is that to me?"

"It's about sharing, period." Rich was sitting by the
fire's ashes. "About portioning out. You said the lead-
ers aren't always the old, the strong, the lucky. Well,
the greatest gets the first share, then he should use it for
the good of the tribe. Maybe he needs to feed his
warriors. Maybe mothers, maybe the poor among the
Kin. Maybe he is wise enough to know what to do wit!
it. And it's not just about deer's meat. It's everything.
Ir's your damn passion for social justice »okay?""

"You two-legs turn the Litany upside de
growled. "Itis the truth, not grass to be twisted and

"It's words. If they mean something differ
me, you've no right to call me wrong."

Ya Stal Not Cat fhe Fath
of Plormanst or Woftat

eating The Forbidden is mistaken, surely!" Hack was
trotting round the campsite with agitation. Kevin had
gone back to the Mahasu Qatu.

"No. Save for the starving. If we eat our own kind,
we're bad as Black Spirals, or worse."

"Well, Mandy," Joné said thoughtfully, "just about
every human society I ever heard of has rules against
eating human flesh, most human flesh, most of the
time. So is that one also acommand not to ‘eat' people
by taking away their food? What they need to live?"

"Yeah... we should speak on that, at the moot.
It's a good thought." Ringer twirled his staff, then
Hack caught it in his teeth, the two playing tug-of-
war for a while.

2 Thats Beneath You —
Ab Are of Cia

"You especially have to watch it about Kin and
ordinary humans." Amanda spoke as Ringer sprawled
exhausted. "You can do things they can't, but there's a
reason we have the Gifts, our strength and our

4

ms

i oA 7 ee

shapeshifting powers. Mother let us have them to
protect Her, and to protect the weak. Never hurt one
wantonly, and especially do all you can to protect our
Kin. Remember Sam Haight! He taught us a lesson
about what happens when we ill-treat the humans and
wolves we came from."

"The Get are beneath us, beneath our contempt,
at least. Do we respect them?" Rich was smiling.

"We show them respect — sometimes just by
keeping our distance."

The Vill ball Not Be Lied

"This is the worst one for us. We're all of us closer
to the humans than safety would wish... the Veil is
weak for us." Hack walked with them toward the
council ring, Umbral webs around the distant building
reflecting Luna's light strangely.

"But that's the beautiful thing about the Chil-
en!" Mandy objected. "We can share Gaia's blessing

with everyone. That's why she gave us this gift."

"That would be why thieves for medlabs took my
mother's pack? Why humans killed eleven Children that
e known? When other Garou wouldsend them scream-
3, thewprotection of Gaia is missing... maybe your
mething, but it sure is no blessing."
t the Crinos form of the Children
still sent humans into screaming fits. Even
Kin, some could not look at the man-wolf, or
t want to. If the other tribes caused something
iorse, then the Garou must truly be alone. How could
yone truly know, much less love, a being that killed

‘ ~at the drop of a hat, that none could look upon? I'm
_ lucky to have Hack, I guess. Lucky to have anyone at all.
' Lucky in his pack. It was the Garou way.

Do Not Suffer Thy
je tot Ty Vea

The pack sat in Council on the grass of Woodstock's
Umbra. Raised-By-A-Power, Galliard of the Mother's
Eye Sept, wheezed and tottered into the circle on the
shoulders of two cubs. Even with the Glabro form's
additional strength, she could barely walk. Mandy
cried, "That's Raised-by-a-Power. Have youever heard
her howl? She saw Jacob Morningkill on his throne!
She must be a hundred and ten now... my grand-
mother studied High Tongue with her and she was old
even then."

The ancient Garou wore a great woolen shawl
even in summer heat. She reached the center of the
ting and broke into a thin, wavering howl, head
thrown back. Ringer sat, rapt in the ululating beauty of
the tone, the way that she poured herself into each
flowing passage.

Children of Gaia

SS


4

The circle was long silent after she was done, then
others took up the call, voices folding and twisting,
some singing overtones in almost Tibetan style, har-
mony piling on harmony as the Children howled to the
eternal mother. The prayers of the Inner Sky were
brief; there was business at hand.

"The Litany says not to tend the sick. But did they
mean... old people?"

Hack pondered for a while as Garou made speeches
and argued. "I think that it meant not to waste resources.

"The old way was to leave the sick and weak to die.
But it was always a pack's decision, a sept's. Never
something that everyone had to do. After all, the
wording speaks to the ailing Garou and tells him not to
be a burden; it doesn't condemn others for volunteer-
ing to help."

"Our elderly do not suffer us to tend them. We
choose to do so. Raised-By-A-Power had stomach
cancer five years ago." Mandy was serious-faced. "She
was ill for a long time and the Crescent Moon spent
much to heal her. She has taught four apprentices
since then. The sept needed her; she'll go someday
soon anyhow."

Ringer nodded. There was no merit to losing a hero
because he stubbed his toe or got sick. Gaianeeded every
Child who could do anything at all for her.

It wouldn't be a problem for him, he didn't think.
Ahroun didn't usually get old.

Te Leaner May Be Chahenged
atAny Time Dyring Peace

"Mandy, you say you're nota leader, but what would
you do if we ever ran into bad trouble? Fomori, Black
Spirals, those crazy humans with burning baseball bats?
In battle, you need one person in charge." Ringer sat in
the council ring with Hack's head in his lap. This way,
Ringer thought, this shape, he's just an animal. My
animal companion. Nothing sexual. Strange...
shapeshifting is more than most Garou think.

"Step back and let you tell us what to do. You're
the hero. You should know."

"Huh. Maybe | will. I think we might want some
practice... join me if you want to."

"The Children of Gaia," announced a Philodox that
Ringer didn't know, "have always held to the Litany. I
therefore challenge True Silverheels for dominance be-
fore Gaia and Garou. He seeks to turn the Children
toward such passivity that the Evil One will crush us. Hear
me. I am Winter-Stars, Half Moon of the Knights of
Gaia's Hand." An Amazon War veteran, then.

"How will they do this?" Ringer asked. "Just fight?"

Chapter Two: The Grove 47

a

~

"Probably not. We have too many other ways to
settle disputes.

True Silverheels of the Sept of the Hand of Gaia
arose from among his packmates and stepped to the
center of the ring; Hack went to where Half Moons were
gathering to judge. Ringer wondered how many years
collectively had gone to legal wrangling while species
went extinct daily. Gaia, forgive us for the snail darter. In
the distance, a band was playing. He couldn't tell who.

Ta Lawler Nay Not Bo Cheafingod
Durtag Marthe

The two heroes circled in the council ring. They
disputed judges, argued over what gamecraft was ap-
propriate. Finally a Garou approached armed and in

jungle fatigues. "Warriors of Gaia! War not with each 4

other. Winter-Stars, let us return to our seats. There i
much that we must attend to." Rich sat bolt upright
startled into Crinos. i

"Mule! That's Garret Faithful! Look, Ringer!" .
Ringer saw the hero lead Winter-Stars toward the _
ranks of chairs that the Knights had erected. Garret's!
ash-blond hair and kingly features made him as hard t
ignore as a battlefield flare. A female Knight sat by"
Winter-Stars and spoke into his ear

"So his alpha can just call"hi
Ringer was curious.

Rich leaned closer. "He called war discipline
him. The Knights are fighting down there in the
Amazon; Garret can't be challenged until the Garoug
withdraw. Believe me, he's not power hungry. But he'
the only one they'll listen to." As well as a hero to Full

Moons, Rich didn't add. That made sense, Ringer |

thought. No anarchists in foxholes.

"Especially not in asacred place. That's the biggest
tule of all."

You Shall Take No Atfion
That Cantes a Cnern fo be Viofated

"This isacaern here? At Woodstock?" Joné looked
at a display of Gnosis on her Visor's screen. "Is there
someone here all the time?"

"No, the caern is further away. There used to be one
here, probably a Croatan spirit-mound. I don't know the
sept. | know at the original Woodstock a spirit came,
Smoke Ring; he was happiest when everyone was wasted.
This is a powerful place, no lie. I think that Justice and
Pearl want to see if they can open the caern here... if
there is even anything left. Somehow I doubt it; | mean,
this festival wasn't spontaneous. It was funded, adver-
tised, all that. Some of the people here are sincere, but
it's not as sacred as it could have been." The moot was
breaking up into songs and stories, Eric the guitarist and
a girl with a flute setting up to play for the Garou.

48 Children of Gaia

_—_——,

"] think that the humans are safer with us here
than not. I know, bringing humans and the People
together like this isa little weird. But it can really dispel
suspicion that there's something weird going on if
people walk through a park and don't see anything
strange. Hiding in plain sight has saved a lot of Garou."

"What if there's trouble?"

"Other tribes blame it on us ‘breaking the Litany'
again. Funny, when we save a caern they aren't as
quick to praise us. Caerns and septs have to make these
decisions themselves. So always ask if you bring some-
one, anyone. The Skinner may be dead but there are
many just as bad."

The Pipe of Gaia passed, along with a firepot and
tongs for lighting it with a coal. Ringer drew on it as it
came to him: tobacco and kinnickinnick, traditional
among the Children. He blew smoke, satisfied with the
ip, with the pack, with Gaia.

heave and. Partye Peace Wherever You Cap

"So Gaia doesn't, like, actually mind us fighting?"
inger had called up pictures of Harpy knives into the
Visor screen and was rotating them. The council had
ded and the pack returned to their campsite.

We n wavoid fighting. To seek peace, non-

e :

A growl interrupted her.
aia isn't nonviolent. Wolverines kill for plea-
and cats torture mice." Hack's tail showed him
wning. "The idea of pursuing peace is something
that Mandy and IJ look at differently. But war, human

hey don't waste continents doing it."
Mandy spoke again. "This is the precept of the

. Litany that makes us different from the other tribes.

We take on an extra precept to remind us that we are
Gaia's defenders, and that one of the ways we fight for
Her is to seek peace."

A Cll» Carden of Wohtar
Sireolypes

"So what about the other tribes?"

Mandy took on the air of a lecturer, saying "There
are no other tribes. All Garou are children of Gaia.
The others do not understand this, and the Garou
suffer for it."

Ringer sighed. "Okay, how about this. What about
the other Garou? The ones who don't follow Unicorn? I
really need to know this stuff, so can we drop the politics?"

Lack Fivhat
"Well, the closest to us are really the Black Furies.

They send their Garou sons to us. Like Hack. His dam,
The-Motion-of-Light-in-Water, she's a Fury lupus who


runs with a pack down in Vi

hia. Pupped at Sunset Sea

say. Their numbers
ing when they're all

e Tribes are to fight
‘ ad best hurry."

women and all wa
the War of the A
"They'te
sounds crazy." te .
"No, they hate the
remember every tale o!
tiages, slavery, things li

men treat women — they
e or gang-rape, forced mar-
ke that. And no, they aren't a
tribe of lesbians; most/] know are hetero. They keep
some of their sons, after all: the metis. Really, they're
a warrior society more'than a tribe. And they are mad
women: mad about the cruelty of men, about the ruin
of the wild. Good friends, but don't get too close."

Zone Cnawert

Ringer stroked Hack's wolf fur, thinking that he
was close enough to Fury flesh and blood when he did
so. "I won't. | met some Bone Gnawers once and they
seemed like great guys. \ € ingea
shine round and tellif
looking at me that

Rich growled. "They are the»best friéinds

had. Gnawers spoke for me in moot when Children of
Gaia would not. They love metis as well as two-legs.
Honor to the sons of Rat!" He seemed to consider the
matter settled.

Gana

us." Joné leaned forwai
not mine. They love
y a the good things
asthey define
he a. They would
e birthing and then let me die.
y people."
te Fianna are good warriors, but
are great revelers, but Gaia
eed to know that great tales
in them with such words.
is than most other tribes...
ere's another tribe you

drink, war, honor, sii
in life, but they scor

have let my moth
I don't own them
Mandy said, "
Gaia needs peace.
needs hard work. The

are spun of peace :

SDhereay2 28 O8 SF RATIO ee her ese

Geet of Fenrs
"The Get? ne ie

unger woman.
loovians, whatever,

white, they don't likeSA
gay people either, ever
violent homo-stuff the
strong we are in differ
that what we seek i is purer,
than anyone's racé ,
in to Rage, maybe th 1
peace as for victg

inget — they don't like
he Get practice some...
: ok if they saw how

onger than giving
would struggle as hard for

e want peace; |
t they get a lot of crap
e to the Weaver,

4 ot like you'd think.
with her website

Ref Tint

"The who?"

"They're a tribe o
And they mean it!
the human halt of th

Mandy, who"are the Shadow Lords?"

Chapter Two: The Grove

——————e

a

a
|

nn

"The Garou of the Slavic nations. "Kings of ebony
darkness', at least in their own imaginations. They're really
more like kings of the spoiled potato salad. They love

telling other Garou what to do, and they boss their Kin
around really badly @Agjlot of their Kin leave, even go to

, even to the
hey play

wind up sieupas for it. Because they have a long
history of getting their hands dirty when other tribes
would balk at doing something dishonorable, even if it
was for the good of the Nation. Because some people
are scared of challenging them. Because we need all
the help we can get. Can we talk about somebody else?"

Meer Fangt
"The Silver Fangs, on the aie hand, are pretty
P s Albi

e Silver Fangs are just the ones
to have the traditional reputation as strong leaders,
even if it's not always accurate.

Seu; ao

~¥ou'lfmeet some someday, maybe. They're
wanderers, go from caern to caern, sept to sept. They

Uktena
"Really? I

Uktena."
"Wel

readily » DU

to themselves. We are

want justice more than fig'

the world's peoples. B

ing down boundarie:

tellit, there are some thi

burden." She shook hi

it, I'm not inclined to ee.

y want to know

in a lot of ways. We both
d we both take in all
really about break-
are — the way they
better left as an individual's
d. "And the way they put

"

a A ee

ely Native American any more?"
e pretty prgmalic tha

é¥ want war,
as we go to them seeking
th insults. I don't know how
; the only one who has an open
with ‘Uhicem 's people these days is
awhite boy, and Iwonder ifhe speaks for the rest of the
tribe. Maybe there are more like him. Maybe not."

JSyargazert
"Haven't we missed

"No, they missed us,
something. Oh, Gaia..
idea how badly the eld
Stargazers left.

tribe?"
maybe we failed them. Or

just quit?"
"No, they
being Garou. Thi

were losing a | ix)
the way
drifte rt

ell, they didn't quit
t the Garou Nation. They

lands,
e Stargazers

m useEventually they just
ained of the
e sighed"heavily. "I

and get the tribes
den a tribe says
required.' It was
d flat-out that we'd failed,
t they didn't trust us to get
uldn't convince them the
Nation was worth the effort. And of all the tribes, they
were the closest to us ideblogically, I think. It hurt. It
hurt bad. And you're left there like you'd just gone
through an awful breakup, wondering ‘was it me?"

The Peat

There was an uncomfortable pause then, before
Ringer made a try to change the subject.

"Mandy, you talked about the Wars of Rage be-
fore. Do the Childgen of Gaia have any contact with
the Fera, I he: call them?"

. it was like being
that \ we were no good.
their backs, or that we

they're children of the Weaver more than anything else.

Children of Gaia

_——

ee

=


I don't believe it — after all, it was that kind of short-
sightedness that made Garou believe the Dragon People
were of the Wyrm — but from all I've heard, the spider
people have never acted friendly toward any Garou, or
even acted like they wanted revenge. They're just... on
the outside, as much a myth as anything else."

the Sierra
selves; I und

of them act like
stories, all wise and
oing. I met one once;
ver seen. But they're

as any Fera can ever
our old role as peace-
blame us for failing to do enough.
— they fly high, and they see almost
t everything. There are a few things
xX can't find."

Raven from the Native
insightful; others are gne
it was the only o
close to us, the

even the

Gord
"Like?" a

age. They
we do is just a poor
y capable of; if the

War of Rage d
been exte
chosen us t
originals. She ne
Wars might have

0 would that we were
better peace-knotters:

a

Mokofé

"Lost to us as well are the Mokolé — snake, lizard,
uch all of them, long ago.

, in Australia, he
ons." was ex-
! be it could

Ge

has to Say. Maybe he can lead you to the Dragon Folk,
maybe they want to be left alone." She smiled ruefully.
"But Gaia knows, we could all use some good news."

Rafthte

ic I guess, that the Gurahl are
aia's healers are gone —
is still working at it."

| around?"

| tight-lipped on
in itself; if the
have to hide? So

a rat care for peace?
out in Massachusetts,
they still watch over hu:

"They sound pretty-€vi
"They do, but wel
Rokea

"And then there
evil, too, but they'r

sharks. People say they're
ey dan thold any See

Wert

"So if some of the Fera act like enemies and others
are kind of like friends, what's that mean for the
others?"

"The others?"

"You know." Joné looked a little embarrassed.
"The others."

"Ah."

Vampirar

"I suppose you know from all the ballads of great
heroes opposing the Leeches that vampires are real."

Chapter Two: The Grove

nla

rN

sje mera enaepeerernraeeaniancnagy

2 ener aren roa RETNA 308 YR a PRAT ra mera

a OA

"The Wyrm's slaves. Destroy them." Hack was the
Judge, cold as winter moon.

"Hack, you ever thi
something in a cig

made deals

permission to build
museum? Ever
vampires

getting stabbed
enough stories aboutt g or opening
our arms to real monsters? Yow want to write a few
more?" He locked eyes with Mandy for a moment, then
looked away. "Fine. Go ahead. Dream your dreams."

"Okay, we get it, vampires," Ringer hastily inter-
jected. "Are there more?"

Neget

"There are. A lot of the old stories about
shapeshifting shamans and wise magic-workers are
obviously based on us, right? But there are humans who
can do this sort of thing, too. For them, all those occult
books and kabalistic rituals are real. They're a wild
bunch. They're basically humans with Gifts, Kin and
otherwise. I don't know what spirits give them the
Gifts: maybe their own spirits do it. Some of them, the
ones who walk in dreams, the ones who call to the Old
Blood, they're not so bad. But the rest are dangerous.
They drink off the life from caerns, evil or crazy, I don't
know which. Avoid them if you can."

Fiynfort

"Not all of them work magic in the same way,
though." Joné commented, tapping on her screen as
she did so, "I've heard of something new. Not mages.
Not all of them hostile — sometimes they just don't
understand. They're hunting us, really. Blindly." She
turned the little Visor and showed them a snapshot of
an elderly woman lifting a Crinos Garou off the ground,
the huge furry form frozen. Underneath was a small
child's body. "Some kind of powers, from Gaia knows
where... watch out. We can't always counter them."

rate

"These are ghosts, like on Halloween. The Strid-
ers are said to speak to them. I'm glad I'm not a Strider.
Restless Dead. Yeesh."

5

en

"I would know more. There is knowledge that I
would have of them. Where can these Strider adepts be
found?" Rich leaned closer to the fire.

"J dunno. They're always moving round. Joné,
ever see Striders on WyrdWolf?"

"Uh... yeah. There's one who posts from a palmtop
whenever he can afford a web café: Mallorca, Piraeus,
Jebal Ali, Goa. Another hacks into phonelines. But,
hey, I see ghosts on the net sometimes too: people,
posting, when know they're dead. So maybe, packmate,
we can try looking there."

"T will ask for your help. Thank you."

Changebage

"Hey, Rich, how much do you know about the
Fianna stories of the fairies?"

"The Good Folk? Damn little. Just enough to
understand that they're not talking about pixies that
come out when you've had too much to drink."

"No, they're real," added Mandy. "I don't know
much more except that they live in some kind of freaked-
out alternate reality; under mounds and inside little rings
of white mushrooms. Joné, you know any more?"

The younger woman shook her dreadlocked head.
"Ub-uh. Lots of stuff the Fianna are always saying;
some say they can imagine anything they want and
make it real, some s live in invisible castles.
Don't know much mail
in Fairyland."

, into the empti-
chainlink fence.

Ringer walke:
ness between

totem spirit."

"J don't know?
Babylon, Sumer, a
fighting Sirrush,

e's been with us a long time, since
hat, when she was Rimi for us,
on of the Ishtar Gate. She is
er, whole-er, balancer. We
defend the oppressed in his
o — that horn is sharp."

icornsandrainbows...."

em one time
Concepcion,
were sitting in

Children of Gaia

ioe //,


the rocks near the caern's heart, and we saw flowers
and weeds blowing... he came as a horse that day. His
horn was as long as my arm. | was just a kid, so I didn't
know why my mom and dad held each other so tight.
The other time I saw her was in the Homeland, but I
was only there a little while. She's everywhere there:
each person sees her differently."

"I... dream sometimes about her... well, him, I
think. That he's all wild, like with a lion's mane. He
doesn't even look like a unicorn, really. He's got a lot
of power, speed. It's... exciting."

"That's great, Ringer. Yeah, everyone sees her
differently; she's not really male or female, but we see
what we expect."

"Youmentioned the Homeland. What... isthat like?"

"Like peace, like home. It's supposed to be like
Earth was before the Wyrm fell. Who knows? It's beau-
tiful, peaceful. Your moon is always in the sky, forests of
game, rivers of fish, fruits and berries and stuff. There are
Kin who live there all the time, usually people who
would have died if they'd stayed on Earth. You always
see Unicorn, and she's always... like you. If you're a
warrior, she — or he is strong and proud, big and buff. If
you're a delicate artsy type, she's slight and pale. Mine?
Major quarterhorse action, pure country club." She
laughed. "But Kareema Okavanga's was a zebra with a
horn. So you never know. But I never went back to the
Homeland. Too much work here. I mean, Paradise, it's
cool, but there are no problems, nothing to do, really."

"Sounds nice. I'm too busy as it is." Ringer won-
dered: endless peace, end as it death that she
described?,"What ab Country every-

brought out th
"The Su
love made red
something. It
no hatred, suffe
you have t

strode toward the Painging ar area, and Ringer followed.

The crowd roared and surged: like the waves off
Mendocino or at Sunset Sea, Ringer thought. He
could feel the music vibrating in his guts, feel the
motion of the pit-and something else. Yelling with the
others, he tried to sort it out. What was different here?

Gnosis.

It was weak, but it was there. Packed in so close,
bodies hitting each other, he could feel Gaia's power in

ae a en

SP SS ES ECAR FEIN

the humans, Kin and Garou who danced to Metallica.
Shirtless, sweat-slick, he wondered whether humans
could feel this too. Kin could sometimes, he knew. It
felt... strong, not as strong as a caern's heart, but
remarkably connecting all the same. He was by the
sound booth, on the edge of the crowd.

The power he felt gave him an idea. He'd never
tried this, wouldn't try it, but... the energy was positive,
the crowd so connected, so gathered. "Yo, dude, give me
a leg up, willya?" Ringer took off his shoes and stuffed
them in his pockets. Will I get dropped? Will I get stepped
on? Rage could heal him if he wanted it to, but humans
could get hurt badly.... The guy held out his cupped
hands and Ringer stepped up and onto... nothing.

Hands everywhere rose, held him up. He tensed at
all the hands, along his back, his ass, his legs, then —
try to relax. Let the power earth itself. He got his
bearings froma painting on the peace wall, of the world
supported by the hands, paws, hooves, of a hundred
species of creatures. It's cool, no one's gonna let you fall.
No one's gonna hurt you. It was like a massage, all those
hands, a flight of hands, all over him. I'm not in control.
Then, stranger, No one's in control. No one is pushing me
anywhere; it's the crowd, the will of the crowd... strange.
He was caressed, flying, hands touching him, anony-
mous, supporting, trusting. Earlier he'd seen a guy fall
before, and the crowd part and help him up. He'd never
seen that at a concert before. He let the Gnosis of the
crowd (from where, he wondered?) wash over him.
Incredible, like kissing, he thought. But they're both about
letting someone touch you, both about trust, I guess.

The stage loomed ahead and a bouncer pushed
him away before he could land there. The crowd
carried him back and then many hands lowered him
down, that flying feeling refusing to leave.

The band finished "Fade to White" and the crowd
screamed its approval, Ringer joining, listening to the
interplay of a thousand voices. What message hid
there, that no one person knew?

"Have a good time?" It was Rich, shirtless in the
sticky heat and big as a mountain. Hard to look at his
huge Homid form and think that his Crinos was half
again as big.

"Gaia, it's so fun! I could feel —," The Veil! Protect
the Veil! he thought, "— the energy. It was really
positive, really charged me up." The older man laid an
arm on his shoulder, shook him gently.

"Yeah, I can feel it. You gonna stay for more?"

"Sure, might just sit for a while. Uh... you can
stay too."

They sat and listened to the band, watched the
dancing crowd, and Ringer wondered again at the

Chapter Two: The Grove 53

EEN

=|
|

Sere ere Une Gor i aera ie re oor a remmemarewrenneeeuch

sensation of crowdsurfing. Awesomely damn fly. And
more than that. eee

"Rich, the power, you said I was full of it, right?"

"You're usually full of it, packmate."

"Yeah, thanks, asshole. Okay, look, when I was
surfing, was that, like, a connection to Gaia? Like,
when I was floating, kinda, on top of all those guys, all
those people, was |, all like connecting to Gaia through
them? Can that happen?"

Rich frowned, visibly putting on his official role as
a Theurge while a guitar solo wound on and on. "Yeah.
It can, like in the Rite of... some rites. I know rites
where you can do that. If there's a lot of Gnosis floating
round from humans, Garou, even the spirits."

"Were there spirits in that crowd?"

"It can happen, yeah. An Uktena I know used to
study with some wonder-workers, voodoo chicks, and
they said that spirits always come when the drumming's
good. That's probably how it used to be, when the
spirits had an easier time connecting with people, but
now it's a lot rarer. Most humans just don't get the
spirit connection — they walk on the land, not with
it." He looked out across the crowd. "I felt it, too. A bit.
More than there should have been. Maybe the spirits
were there, shedding Gnosis like... like body heat."

"Wow, freaky. Why would they do that?"

"T think — here's something that spirits do. They
come toa mortal, like us. They want to see with our eyes,
feel what we feel. Like if you're wasted or with some
chick—orsome guy or whoever, they want in." The two
Garou both laughed. "Sorry." Rich had had a couple of
beers, Ringer realized. Or more. "So they come down,
the drums — that's what I've heard — open the door up
for them, and they come, ride the people, get what they
want. So they might spill a little Gnosis on the crowd in
return, or just because they feel good."

"Awesome. You ever crowdsurf?"

"Naw. Big guy like me can't.'

Rich looked away, and Ringer realized that Rage
was the reason, not size. Rich, Wyrm-foe, werewolf
and wonder-maker, was afraid. Not for himself, for
humans, for soft fragile humans who'd be torn to bits
when Rich's anger erupted. Damn. I never saw it in him.
He felt sorry for the great metis, then vaguely guilty. It
could have happened with me, too. With any of us, and I
just went and did it anyway like I wasn't afraid. And he
didn't stop me because he trusted me — more than he trusts
himself. I wish... Rich could see how good a man he really
is. Itwasa thought to wish on, to work on. It was a good
thought. They sat there silently then, enjoying the
humans, enjoying Gaia.

5

———

Ringer was walking to the porta-showers that the
festival had set up. Maybe, he thought, I'm too human.
Hack doesn't even care how | smell...

"Hey, you're with Joné Palladino's pack, right?" It
was Soldier-of-Paradise, towel over his shoulders.

"Yeah. Kevin. Ringer, | guess, here. Uh, good
story, the one about Crete." Why, Ringer wondered,
am I so tongue-tied?

"Thanks, whatever. Just somethin' I heard from
that professor. Hey, glad you guys made it. Knew Joné
from a while back — who all else is with you?" The
Ragabash carried a spongebag; the ragged T-shirt he
wore showed the flames and snakes inked into his
shoulders. Was it a kid's craziness that got him the
tattoos, Ringer wondered, or the urge to take all the
pain without Raging, or something more?

"Mandy Barret, she's the alpha, I guess, and Rich,
the big guy, and Snow Falling on Hackberries. Hack."
Why, Ringer wondered, do I feel light as a feather, just
saying his name?

"Yeah, I met y'all. Hey, it's none'a my business,"
the little man went on in his maybe-Oklahoma drawl,
"but you and the wolf... you two together?"

Why not tell him the truth? Not like he's gonna mess
with me, Ringer thought. His heart still flip-flopped, from
a life in the closet. "Yeah, he's... I mean, we're..."

"Yeah. I could tell. Hey, it's awright. Just... you
know, don't be a shit about it. You know? And—."

"Yeah?"

Soldier-of-Paradise was grinning. "It makes you
happy, man. It makes you fuckin' glow. I can see that,
and I don't even know you. That's really cool."

Ringer went on to wash up, wondering what the
trickster had really said, really meant. Joné was making
coffee on the little camp stove when he returned.
"Want some?"

"Sure." He rummaged in his tent and found a
mostly clean cup. The shower and shave had done
wonders for his self-esteem. "What's up?"

"Just talked to Peter, the guy that met the Dragons. I
got his email for the Seekers list... we talked a long time."

"So what did you learn?" She poured two cups, added
sugar to hers. Ringer smelled vanilla and hazelnut.

"He really did meet the Dragons, in South America
and in Australia. They told him a bunch of stuff,
because they have some kind of power that lets them
remember anything through time. But I asked him if
the Dragons would know anything about the lost
tribes. More than anyone alive, he said. So I asked to
go with him; he said he'd see. Imagine what we could
learn, imagine talking to them!"

Children of Gaia

—iaimmemnimiomar


"Yeah. Sounds cool. I'd go, you know. Just to see
them, I guess. Say, where are we all going after this?"

"You know about Seattle, right?"

"Sort of. It's going to be some big protest against,
what, the government?"

"Not really. It's about the World Trade Organiza-
tion, this big thing that regulates international trade,
really just a way for corporate hotshots to trash poor
countries and people's lives for their own wallets. So a
lot of us, from all over, are going to see if we can shut
down the meeting."

"We're all going to go?" Never been the political type,
Ringer thought.

"You can if you want to. I know Mandy, Rich and
I want to go."

"We'll go too." We, Ringer realized. We. My...
partner and I. Sweet.

"Great. If you want to look at the planning files,
they're here..."

Around The World

TEA Okay, Jo, I'm here.

HELLO_KITTY kewl. you got the list?

TEA Are you sure this is secure? And I can't
believe you're using that alias.

HELLO_KITTY it's safe. and i'm the master of
many faces out here :) you have the list?

TEA Yes. I'm FTPing it now. This Seattle thing is
going to be huge.

HELLO_KITTY yeah. you sure about this? i've
been getting some crazy responses from all around the
world. i didn't know the cog were spread out like this.

TEA Me too. Great, isn't it? We're gonna get the
great unwashed together and shut these fuckers down.
So who have you heard from?

Slang

HELLO_KITTY you want the great unwashed?
their british representative actually got online with
me. just a sec...

HELLO_KITTY here. i'm uploading the tran-
script. i think you'll like him.

BEGIN TRANSCRIPT

SCOOBY where you from Matt?

MADDENINGMATT England.

SCOOBY no shit? i thought that was fianna land.

MADDENINGMATT Yeah, there aren't many
of us. We're part of a little group called the Green
Laners. We anda few Bone Gnawers've got acaern out
by Leyton-on-the-Twee, north of the big sept at
Brighton. It isn't much but we call it home. Fact, we
call all the green lanes home.

Chapter Two: The Grove

Se —eeeeEeEeEeEeEeee

SCOOBY green lanes?
MADDENINGMATT Just like it sounds. Roads of
grasslands untouched by the Weaver, save for a few
standing stone markers. Been here since the Diggers,
Will Everard's lot back in Cromwell's time, givin' the
land back to the people. We're fighting them tooth and
claw as they try to pave them over to make it safe for
lorries full of French beef. Taking our homes away too.
SCOOBY evicting you? is that legal?
MADDENINGMATT It is when you're squatting.
They don't actually want the places we live in, they just
don't want US living there. And by USI don't mean you
and me, I meanall the "crusties" as they call us. The ones
who hand to mouth, conning by night and getting dole
by day. They're taking everything away out here — our
heritage, our homes, our way of life. About the only
thing left is our vote, and I bet they want that, too.
SCOOBY sound rough. probably won't make it to
seattle, then? :) and where'd you get net access?
MADDENINGMATT Th' Sept of Tolerance at
Brighton is sending a pack, but none of us can come.
Sounds like a blast, though. Look out for the Swiss
guys; they're deep into Davos' plots and they'll be there
monkeywrenching. And as for the net access, well, we
can take stuff, too. Speaking of which, gotta run. bye.
SCOOBY bye!

Natofand Cyrope

Dear Emily,

I know, I know, it's been a while. You know how
it is, I'm afraid; rarely enough time to write. We keep
so busy, busy, busy. I'd apologize yet again for being no
kind of a husband to you, thanks to this damn war that
will never end, but you'd smack me for it. So I'll just say
that I miss you. More than ever.

You know, | always wanted to see Europe, back
when I was a dumb kid. I figured the French would be
rude to an American, and I expected it. Then, when I
Changed, all those hopes went to hell — until I started
rising in rank, and making little leaps of progress. So
when I got the opportunity to come on over to Europe
and try helping out with the mediations there, I
couldn't say no. You knew all this already, right?

Well, this may be no surprise to you, but I guess I
should have thought things through a little more.
Don't get me wrong, the local Children have been just
great — when I've been able to find them, that is.
Turns out there are only two septs held by the Children
that anyone knows about, and only one on the main-
land! So although I've managed to stay as the occa-
sional tribemate's houseguest once in a while, that
doesn't get me a place of honor — or much of a place
at all — at the local moots.

55
aN

ic te steam emrrarreniemmariteng

Seren er une ear aren arama remnerenh)

The war's bad over here. There's so little wilder-
ness left, and the local humans (please don't get mad
at me for saying that!) are squabbling over what's left.
There's little room for wolves. And that means that
the local tribes are all very much on the defensive.
They don't have anywhere left to go. I think that's why
the Children are persona non grata here, at least in so
many septs — the Get and Fianna and Fangs and Lords
and Talons and Furies don't want anyone hanging
around who might counsel compromise.

It's hard, baby. The biggest push for peace I've heard
of, the one everyone's talking about over here, is led by a
Shadow Lord. You remember Ballard? Yeah, his tribe.
This guy, "the Margrave" they call him, is apparently
managing to make Get of Fenris and Black Furies break
bread together, whether they like it or not. He's getting
things done by force of personality that the European
Children haven't been able to do with persuasion and
wise counsel for centuries. It doesn't make us look good,
and we have to work twice as hard to get half the respect.
The Margrave's official policy, I hear, is that he welcomes
our help as expert negotiators and diplomats — just wish
that the locals cared more about official policy.

Anyway, I don't mean to bring you down. I'm
alive, I'm well, I'm eating regularly. I think I can make
alittle progress here whether these hardheads want me
to or not. And once I've fulfilled that promise, I'll be
home with you again, baby. I can't wait. I really can't.
Here's to me fulfilling my duty with all of Gaia's speed.

All my love,

Hector

Ruta

From: "Andrei Chernenko"
<acher@glasstown.net.ru>

To: "His Rich Antler" <richant@wyrdwolf.net>

Subject: re: Seattle

Date: Friday, November 19, 1999 3:47 PM

Hello Rich

Thank you for the directions. | am very eager to
come to this rally, as I have no love for the WTO. The
IMF has kept Russia addicted to its money like a pimp
keeps one of your legendary American crack whores.
Of course, these days America doesn't corner the
market in the crack whore industry; we here in Russia
have sadly been trying to catch up.

You had asked whether it was true that Mother
Russia hated her children. I do not believe that is true,
but sometimes I think that she isn't very well disposed
towards the Children of Gaia. Our time here has been
very poor of late. The near genocide practiced by the
Red Talons during the Cold War would have been

enough to consider our tribe cursed had it been the

56
a:

only act taken against us. But the Silver Fangs drove
the knife deeper by standing idly by... because we had
given them bad advice over thirty years before. If not
for the Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers, there might
not have been any Children left in Russia at all.

And that was just the cold war. You mentioned that
I was the first Russian Garou you had ever heard of, and
there is a good reason for that. Until last year a Shadow
Curtain veiled all that occurred in Russia from the rest of
the world, and it had been there since 1991. It was the
work of Baba Yaga, a witch more famous here than any
seen in your Disney movies and far more real. For years the
Garou Nation struggled against her and the Wyrm-spawn
who followed her. Because of the treachery and lies we
had been victim to in the past, no one save the Glass
Walkers and Bone Gnawers would heed our advice. This
cost them since their good fortune in the war made them
look like collaborators; at least until one fifth of the Glass
Walkers were killed by Baba Yaga herself. Now their loss
matched that of the other tribes who had been losing
caem after caern. If there was a bright point for us at all in
this affair, it was when the Shadow Lords turned to our
Voice, Alyosha Lyubov, to bring peace between them
and the Silver Fangs and help unite the Garou.

Of course, as you can see now that the Shadow
Curtain is lifted, we won. But it was not without price;
many great heroes were lost to battle and much damage
was inflicted to Russia physically and socially. In this
case, though, we had no choice and now it is left to
build from the rubble. We have but one caern in
Russia, hidden in a place I cannot even reveal to you,
but hopefully in the near future we will be able to build
more. In the meantime most of us stay with our friends
the Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers. I write to you
from a Glass Walker caern right now. May this fragile
peace between the rest of the tribes last. Your words of
your own land are encouraging.

Finally, you had asked a question for your friend
Joné. I do not know any Gurahl personally, though
there are some Children who still look for the lost
healers of Gaia. Many feel that Mother Russia seems to
hate us now because we lost the Gurahl. We strive for
peace and healing, but I fear that the Children are poor
substitutes for these lost ones. If she really is interested,
tell your friend that there are legends of a gulag in Siberia
that is frozen in time and ofa sleeping shapeshifter there
whose healing powers are greater than any known to
Garou. The Wendigo there may just let her live.

Take care my friend, and I shall see you in Seattle.

— Andrei

The Uotjod Syapet

Amanda said, "No nation has ever extended so
many rights to so many people. Granted, things are far

Children of Gaia

——inime <-'.


from perfect, despite all that humans, Kin and Garou
have done—."

"Specially for me." Ringer had never been fag-
bashed but a friend, Cooper, had gotten beaten up so
bad he was never the same....

"Yeah, I know. Lost aKinfolk uncle to AIDS myself."
Amandawenton. "But the United States and Canada are
where the largest number of Children live and they are
where we and our ideals have hada lot of success. Humans
invent causes. And humans make their own history. But
our backing has changed things. Summer in the Free
Speech movement, Garret and Winter-Stars for the rain
forest. We have a lot to contribute."

"The Children helped in the anti-slavery move-
ment, didn't they?" Joné came to join them and sat down,
smoothing the legs of her khaki cargo shorts as she did so.

"Yeah... funny thing. A human historian com-
pared the census data in Ontario and found that only six
thousand more blacks lived there in 1864 than in 1853.
So he thought that the Underground Railroad either
wasn't real or didn't work." She smiled. "Historians! If
he only knew how many Garou led and Moon-Bridged
slaves to safety, pulled them into the Umbra ahead of
federal marshals, hid them in caerns, "employed" them
to keep them safe, smuggled them to places lost in the
Upper Peninsula of Michigan or down east in Maine
woods.... Long after, we still couldn't tell the truth
about it... too many were at risk who still lived, and our
caern hearts aren't things for humans to know anyway.
The Furies always helped women but they were too few
to do much... the Children were more spread out and
both Garou and Kin helped the slaves escape to free-
dom. Including," Amanda said to Joné, "a woman
named Christmas Tucker." Joné was blank-faced. "Maum
Chrish, your great-great-grandmother."

"J... | heard that name, a long time ago. But I
didn't know who she was. Was she Kin?"

"At the end many were; to make the trip safely,
and to hide slaves in caerns, we had to bring them
inside the Veil. Maum Chrish became Kin at the Old
Troy Caern in Ohio. Eleven living Garou are de-
scended from her."

"Wow. What else have the Children done in the
United States?"

"The peace movement, the free speech move-
ment, gay people's freedom from discrimination, their
freedom to have their marriages recognized, women's
tight to own property, to vote, to hold office, to breed
—" her eyes dropped for a moment, "— when and
where they want to. To free the Aleuts in Alaska, to
give citizenship to our Uktena and Wendigo sib's
Kinfolk. There are so many stories that I can't tell them

ee) eels

See sense es earweseren ree Nes meme

all. 1 don't even know them all," Amanda said. "So
look for them yourself. Or —."

"Make them up?" The no-moon twinkled in
Joné's eyes.

"Yeah, America's not exactly paradise, but it's the
best anyone could do, really. Humans make their own

history, but we're at least half human. Even you,
Hack."

Near Exp

Ringer could hear Ziggy Marley rocking on the
airstrip as he tried to fita rod into asleeve onatent that
would smell bad anyway when it was around him.
Should sleep in the open. Guess I'm too shy. Footsteps
crunched on the mulch near him.

Joné said "You know, Ringer, the MP3s of the
stories came out great. If you want, you can listen to
them... the ones that they told while you were asleep."

"Sure. I gotta work on fixing this tent anyway. Just
let it play." She touched some controls and set the
Visor in the shade of a box of camp supplies. Ringer
struggled with the tent while a deep, thickly accented
voice came from the speaker.

"My name is Yahya ibn-Muhammad and I am a
Child of Gaia, Ahroun for the pack of Hanan Amber-
Eyes. I was born ina village called Jebal Ali in 1941. The
village and my family were there since the year 256 AH,
878 AD to you, as the mullahs in the mosque had written.
When I was seven, the Israelis razed my father's house.
They told us only that we were no longer to live there.
The village headman's house and the mosque they took
and made part of their kibbutz. My family went to a
refugee camp in the Gaza strip, ona patch of desert where
nothing grew. The aid agencies went to the camp and
gave out food, but some of it we could not eat because it
was unclean. My grandmother died because some of the
food was spoiled too. Some of us died within. Some gave
in to violence. Some of us, a few, sought peace.

"You ask about religion. Yes, | am a Muslim. And
lama Child of Gaia. God gave his laws to us through
the Prophet Muhammad, and all Muslims interpret
them differently. He does not forbid that we revere the
Earth, that we tend and care for Her. The Qur'an and
the ahadith speak of many Muslims who pursued the
way of Gaia, the way of peace. In my sept Hanan is a
Christian, History-of-Clay a Jew. This does not keep us
from fighting together for peace. For in my land peace,
true peace, must be for all of us alike.

"My Change came when I was fifteen, and Salah,
who was Garou, found me and took me to his pack.
When Hanan came back from the United States
where she had gone to school and began working for
our freedom as a people, we moved to the West Bank

Chapter Two: The Grove 57

NS

|

near where she lives. We have worked together for the
Palestinian cause for thirty years.

"We organize marches, sometimes just standing
because we can't get government permission to march.
Two caerns have been destroyed because of Israeli
‘settlements' in the West Bank. We protest every time
a woman is raped, each time the Israelis shoot a kid for
yelling at them or throwing rocks. Many Garou can't
take it: they Rage, kill and kill. I don't blame them but
it makes our lives very hard. Sometimes the Mossad
provides Israeli soldiers and fanatics with silver. Our
pack has it worst: we protect the Veil by keeping Garou
bodies out of Israeli hands. It isn't easy: they are
reluctant to release anyone's body lest the funeral
become another protest. I have taken two Garou and
eleven Kin bodies back from them myself. The Gifts
and rites I know help, of course.

"In the rest of the Middle East there are more
Children. Aryeh Cold-Heart was an Israeli soldier who
first Changed on the battlefield in Lebanon and struck
down twenty of his own army's men when he saw that the
Israelis were butchering Lebanese civilians. He was work-
ing in the great oil fires in Kuwait last I heard, and his pack
have sought in Iraq for the last Children there. A crow
brought us news that they were all dead, killed by a mage
who sided with Saddam Hussein; this was some kind of
wizard whose power came from killing. It may be true.

"It isn't easy seeing your people suffer, being Garou
and knowing that the Israeli soldier who killed your
two sisters would die at your first blow. And knowing,
as I do, that killing him would not bring them back.
Would not make Palestine free. We are still working,
but it is hard going.

"] have no more to say."

Aplea

TO: spinach99@wyrdwolf.com

FROM: dirtyrocks@boering.com

GG:

SUBJECT: Ahadi

Mandy,

lam a farm extension office worker here in Groot
Constantia at the Cape, and 1am of the Children. Your
friend Scott Jensen, whom I met at a development
conference in Capetown in January, gave me your
email and told me that you wanted to know how our
work is going here. I've heard a lot on WyrdWolfs
chatboard, but here's my take on it all.

The Ahadi holds: the pact of sort-of-peace be-
tween most of Africa's shapeshifters (I almost wrote
"Entoban" instead of Africa; I'm obviously spending
too much time with the wrong people.) The Dragon
Breed, the cats, even the Garou who are hyenas (if they


are Garou) mostly abide by the alliance, most of the
time. This hellish, war-torn home of mine has enough
problems that we have managed to unmake one more.

Apartheid is dead (and so is the lion prince of
darkness), and the Children here, black, white, col-
ored and Asian, have rejoiced. We worked so long and
so hard that the absence of the laws is almost worse
than their presence; evil as it is, it was all we knew.
Now comes the harder work: restoring a civil society,
dignity, true peace. It is not easy, especially since the
liberals of the West cared about apartheid, but not,
apparently, about what would come when they helped
erase it. We work to build solidarity among the races,
include children of both factions in school and play
activities, negotiate with leaders... maybe it's helping.

Africa is not Garou territory, and save for Egypt
and maybe Morocco, it never has been. As Children of
Gaia, this is hard for us to accept: that there is a part of
Her body that belongs to other two-skins, and that the
heartaches and terrors of this great land are theirs, not
ours. I have lived all my life and will die here, working
for justice. But perhaps even the Children cannot tell
the Africans, mortal and immortal, what to do, cannot
dictate destiny to another. I do not know.

Hope you are well by the sunny sea,

— Wilhelmina Brisebois ten Graz, Theurge, Two
Oceans Sept, Constantia

Soda

May 31, 2001

Dear Mandy,

The baby is kicking. Keeps me awake some nights.
She will be Garou, I'm sure of it. Casen tells me he can
feel it too. You'll be an aunt in October. The monsoon
season was incredible — towers of clouds and endless
rain. Casen held me when the lightning began and gave
me some of the Sight; I could watch the rain-spirits
dancing. It amazes me that a man as strong as he is can
be so tender sometimes. The sweet side of Rage, I guess.

You asked how the Church work was going. Well,
about as you would expect ina nation like India that has
suffered so much from Western stupidity and cruelty.
We hold Gaian services once a week at sunrise and
sunset. There are a few who come; we have explained
that no one is excluded and that the Church does not
ask them to abandon the local gods. We're not here to
proselytize, just to show them another way. I think they
like the singing and one boy has made up some new
songs with me about keeping the earth and river clean.

Just got in an hour in the garden. Kumar, one of my
students, made me a bamboo garden-seat so I can work
without too much getting up and down while I'm preg-
nant. Greens are coming in, and the chili peppers have

———eEEEoO

Seer nen  erweseren ree aan mee

Chapter Two: The Grove

blooms on them again. We didn't get much oil out of the
first crop of soybeans, but we'll try again. The soymilk is
good for the weaned children, too. Anything's better
than them buying powdered milk and vegetable oil from
peddlers and paying a fortune. Classes start in about ten
minutessol'll keep this brief. I'm finished with the firstaid
class and I'm doing one on childhood illnesses. In the
midday everyone is resting anyway, but this evening I
want to sit down with a few of the women who want help
building another solar oven. They see that it saves a lot of
fuel and there is no more firewood within a day's walk of
the village anyway. They used bamboo up till two years
ago, when discharge from the gas plant made the grove
start to die. Some of the families spend as much on
firewood and charcoal as they do on rice.

The old men don't grumble as much about me and
my husband being here since the dholes stopped com-
ing. Casen started a night watch with the men: he says
that at least one dhole pack that came into the valley
had Talons in it. The watch routed the dholes after
Casen had driven away two Talons — "Shivans," he
calls them, worshipers of destruction. I understand
that and I don't oppose them being wolves. But my
students and friends here are not their prey.

I saw the dispatch from the action you did in
Copperhill, Tennessee. Maybe there will be birds and
trees again there someday now that you've gotten rid
of the Wyrm taint. I'm sorry about Swordbearer; it
sounds like once he got hit there was nothing you
could do. You know, sister, you furries have a lot of
tough powers, but it's stories like that that make me
glad to be teaching, digging in my garden, helping
build solar ovens. Glad to be working for Gaia, not
fighting. Glad that I'm Kinfolk, not Garou.

Always your sister,

Celia Barret Keller

PS: Casen says he knowsa Kin guy that you'd really like!

The Nihdje Xngdor

So what about China, Korea, Japan? Are the
Children there?" Ringer sat on a campstool, staff over
his knees while the camp lamp flickered. Joné dozed,
rolled in a sleeping bag on a foam pad. A bunch of
stoners went by giggling idiotically.

"No." Amanda sighed heavily. "Never have been,
really. There are a few who go, stay, come back. Some
go, study with the Stargazers, visit the Beast Courts.
But no caerns, no septs."

So lama twofold exile, Ringer thought sadly. Oh,
well, Gaia is a good enough home.

"So, uh, how do the Garou there see us? Do they
even know about the Children?"

59
mata

|

"They... know things. The Children want to know
how the other shapeshifters get along with the Garou. I
mean, there are dragons in their caerns there. But the
Stargazers left the Garou Nation, and they aren't com-
ing back. And the shifters of the East don't want us
there." Amanda looked older than she was, tired.

"Amanda, who is Edith Looking-Glass?" He'd heard
the name in connection with the Middle Kingdom.

"Garou, Child of Gaia Galliard moviemaker from
the Jewel Heart Sept in Michigan. Tough as nails. She,
her group, they fight human rights abuses. Mostly just
documenting everything they can. Scales cliffs, shoots
video from the Umbra, interviews people in slave camps.
I saw one of her movies, before it won that prize... scary,
about the Burmese army's forced-labor gangs; they carry
truckloads of food, ammo, explosives, days and days of
climbing incredible mountains. A lot of them die but
they're from tribes that the government wants dead
anyway. No one ever saw it before her, no one but them.
She got one boy out, brought him to the Hand of Gaia
Caern, near here in upstate New York."

"Then Children do have a role in Asia."

"Well, yeah. Sure. It's not our land, but—"

"But it is." Ringer suddenly knew where he wanted
togo, what he wanted to do. Speak truth to power, right?

Auufrafa

From the personal diary of Jane Peck, Gill-Over-the-
Ground, Galliard and Voice in Waiting for the Sept of
Gaia's Bounty, Brisbane, Australia.

The past few years have been difficult ones, even
with the apparent reappearance of the Rainbow Ser-
pent to the Council and the return of the Gumagan.
The Children have fought hard for peace in the Aus-
tralian region, with three of my own pack risking their
lives in East Timor to safeguard refugees. In many ways,
the reappearance of the Gumagan is a greater reward,
with our local Seekers overjoyed even though the two
crocodile-men that have appeared have told us very
little. In particular they will not answer questions
about the survival of any Bunyip Kin. All this is
connected somehow to a strange event that Porkchop
the Bone Gnawer and Father Raymond, Child of Gaia,
told their packs about in the early years of the colony.
Their descendents say that this was an incident in
which a band of Aboriginal laborers stole a boat and
apparently killed the guards sent to subdue them;
colonial records do mention the disappearance of
some soldiers and of several chests of earth from
England. The Gumagan made a claim that one of these
natives, a shapeshifter, has somehow been reborn.

The Children in Australia have been shaken deeply
by the disappearance and apparent death of the metis
scientist Cernounos. This brilliant Garou had taken

DNA samples from specimens of thylacine skin and
hair, supplementing them with living blood cells pro-
vided to him by a mysterious Aboriginal man who
claimed to know that the last Bunyip Kinfolk could be
found near the Torres Strait. Using this DNA, he
cloned several "Garou" infants and brought them to
term using plastic pouches to simulate the thylacine's
birth experience. The litter grew quickly and began
Changing within two months of birth. The largest
female, called Greatstripe, became the leader and the
pack became brutal hunters. The native spirits re-
mained silent on the new "Bunyip" and Cernounos
told no one about his research. Gradually Darius
Winchester, our Silver Fang King, became aware of
the new creatures. And so did others: rumor has it that
a cabal of life-warping humans with Gifts sought to use
the metis' scholarship for their own ends.

When the new pack of "Bunyip" were about a year
old, they disappeared. Their creator confided in his co-
leader Inanna, then went to seek the lost "children" and
never returned. Speculation among Inanna's close friends
and packmates about the fate of the "Bunyip" has run
rampant, but facts are hard to come by. It's clear that a
violent struggle, including bloodshed, accompanied the
departure of Cernounosand that even his Garou packmates
did not know where exactly he was headed. Inanna fears
the worst and her packmates believe her fears are justified.
Her usual spirit voices are silent on this topic.

New Zealand is quiet, as my friend Soulefish told
me. The new multitribal sept down on Stewart Island
just opened the ancient caern there; the spirit, Tuat-
ara, asked them a lot of questions about the Gumagan.
The Get's bid for control there was foiled when they
arrived and found a place as part of a greater Garou
whole who would keep the land in common.

This land's, this Australia's beginning was so aw-
ful, and still we work, true as we can be to Father
Raymond's vision of a new land where all would be
equal, where justice and not the blind will of master
would be law. We have a long, long way yet to go.

South Awmerloa
HELLOKITTY Here is the latest dispatch from

the war. | still don't know if this is something we
should support.

TO: hellokitty39@wyrdwolf.net
FROM: distaff@kingdancer.sky

CC: stickman@wyrdwolf.net,

wolflady@wyrdwolf.net, treasure181@megamule.ww
SUBJECT: On the Red Hill

Kit,
It's as bad now as it has ever been. Granted, you
guys' Gaian Network managed to buy two thousand

60 Children of Gaia

i _

iam


acres
and save
them, but
Endron is still
dumping here and
Good House is making
paper where a caern was fif-
teen years ago.

Iledaprotest recently with
alocalcane-cutter's collective,
two hundred women and their
families with signs and songs
to the paper plant's gate. You
can't imagine the stink of a
paper mill till you've been
there. The police came and
attacked the demonstrators before
they got to the factory door; two J¥
people died, a woman and a little *
boy whochoked when we were gassed.

1 told Garret and the Knights
agreed in council to strike. I went with
them; might be just a Theurge but I
can pop claws with the best of them.
We stepped sideways into the plant,

single one.

complishing anything.

Mother's Will pack.

f—

trashed their files with the help of a cyber-spirit
I know, and took ten staff prisoner while the
PALME Knights found and destroyed the most ex-
spe \ pensive machinery. It was worse than we
: expected — not just mundane evil, but the
Wyrm's evil had settled into the place. We
had to kill four guards who turned out to be
fomori. Gifts to subdue them wouldn't work.
I don't know how many fomori are going to
have these powers from now on. It would
really bollix things up if we had to kill every

Good House closed the plant because
I of "labor problems" a week later, but the

‘ rees won't grow back for decades, even if
we tear the building down. It's an

eyesore now, windows smashed in

Py SS and garbage everywhere, worse

for Gaia almost than if it was
working. This war has gone on
for years and I worry that we aren't ac-

Sorry to be so downbeat. TTYL,
Woman-in-the-Mist, Theurge of the

|


What would that world be, a world without war? It

would be the real world. Peace was the true life, the life of
working and learning and bringing up children to work and
learn. War, which devoured work, learning, and children,
was the denial of reality.

— Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Roads to Forgiveness

Although the most common concepts for Chil-
dren of Gaia are usually teachers, diplomats and heal-
ers, it's well worth remembering that the Children are
a tribe of Garou like any other. Children can be
soldiers, singers, thieves, eco-terrorists, layabouts, an-
archists, artists — the possibilities are near endless.
Unicorn's creed doesn't mandate that all Children
pursue the elusive goal of "peace" in the same fashion.

The only real defining factor is that almost all
Children deeply believe in the importance of making
the world a better place. They may have come to that

conclusion on their own, or had it hammered into
their heads from birth; they may choose the path of
non-violence, or choose to bring death to those who
endanger the ideal of a better world. And it should also
be noted that Children are very, very rarely creatures
of passive resistance — they're werewolves, and as
such potentially the least passive creatures on the
planet. The Children are passionate about their ideals,
and demonstrate as much every day. When creating a
Child of Gaia character, keep this passion in mind,
because it's often the source of the tribe's strength.

Chapter Three: Green and Fallen Leaves 63


Zackgroundt

Since the Children of Gaia come from a diverse
group, they have a wide variety of advantages at their
disposal. Their lack of Background restrictions
shouldn't be seen as a lack of definition, but as a
chance to really explore the diversity of a tribe that
accepts almost anyone, from any level of society and
from any place of origin.

Abst

Most Children of Gaia do their best to cultivate as
many allies as possible; the tribe would rather be loved
than feared. These allies are typically within the hu-
man world, as the Children are well aware that a
human ally can do more for the cause of peace than a
werewolf cursed with Rage might. Allies of other tribes
are also possible, although they tend to be based on
personal relationships rather than tribal pacts of friend-
ship; more than one tribe has a tendency to view the
Children of Gaia collectivelylas a burden, while mak-
ing exceptions for a Chil two who have proven
themselves more thai of carrying their weight.
The Children omparatively more likely to
develop allegiance: other supernatural groups
(notably magi 0 or even this is treated

protest ;
older styles of dipl
Ancestors is often @
aware just how rece'
tions are, but they are alge
older traditions of their il

Contact

A Child of Gaia's connections can be from all
walks of life, and usually are; the tribe's influence
stretches far beyond college campuses. Political figures
and community workers or officials are popular choices,
particularly given that the Children are usually all too
willing to help these people with their agendas (should
they be related to the Children's own). A Child who
was born to another tribe might have contacts among
that tribe, if the parting was amicable. Also, as previ-
ously noted, a Child might have contacts among other
supernatural groups, so long as such contacts don't
jeopardize the overall struggle of the Garou.

jore cynical, being well
estern cultural revela-
much more steeped in the

Fipth

Obviously, the Children of Gaia favor fetishes of
healing, purification and harmony to fetishes of war.
The tribe's favored fetish weapon is the staff, which
can be used to subdue or kill as need be (unlike a claw).
Fetish staves are almost never made from silver, as that
would make them more lethal against other Garou

than the Children would like.

Kinfohh
The Children of Gaia have far more human
than wolf Kin, Q detriment of the tribe.

unity is gener-

rbest to have
Kin as well-
le, a combina-

educated about t
tion that has

are just as many bad apples among the Children's
Kinfolk as there are among the Kin of other tribes —
as proved by the Skinner.

Nenfor

A Child of Gaia's mentor is almost always of the
same tribe; few Garou of other tribes are all that
attached to the Children's ideology. Mentor and stu-
dent are often surprisingly different in many of their
outlooks, given the diversity of the tribe and its mem-
bers' values; a former member of the Imminent Strike
might coach a young pacifist, for instance. These
seemingly mismatched pairings are often undertaken
in order to teach the cub (and sometimes the mentor)
the values of compromise.

Pre Breed

Children of Gaia with true Pure Breed are nota-
bly rare in the modern day. The tribe has bred with so
many groups and adopted so many cubs of other tribes
that its own bloodlines have been somewhat dimin-
ished. Those rare Children with Pure Breed have a
faint dappling of white in Lupus form, and have
features vaguely reminiscent of the Mediterranean
and Middle East in Homid. Tribe members from the
stock of other tribes might visually have something
akin to Pure Breed — for instance, a Child of Black
Fury stock might have a strong black coat and Greek
features. However, Pure Breed keeps it supernatural
potency only if it's the lineage of one's tribe; these
Children can't convincingly pass for Pure Bred mem-
bers of other tribes.

Children of Gaia

_—_

iy //,


Raovrcet

Few Children of Gaia are from "old money"; most
members of the tribe are dead-set against the sort of
practices that tend to make one rich. Most Children are
of low Resources, neither dirt-poor nor comfortably well
off. They often gain their money from odd jobs, or are
even supported by Kin spouses or family. Rich Children
are therefore exceedingly rare, although they do exist.

Ret oe
The Children ar (whole as devout ritual-

ists as other tribes tend to be. Rites of accord are very
popular among the tribe, as are mystic rites, but only a
few Children fr6m any sept aredikely punish-
mentatites. Most Children favor rites that ask for the
spirits' permission rather than forcing them; it's a rare
Child that forces a nogmmgyrmish spirit into a fetish
against its will.

The Children hav particular biases against
the sort of totems they follow, and are as likely to
follow a totem of War as any other. Naturally, all-
Children packs tend to prefer totems of Unicorn's
brood, and the Children find personal pride in fol-
lowing totems like Bear. The only common pack

Sy Ghar aang MED COLNE aE Wn Peete cmmee Se Mos ome

totem that most Childf@n@fGaia have difficulty with
is Great Fenris 4= the violent? wolf-god's creed of
never refusing alworthy fight is at direct odds with the
tribe's policies against unnecessary violence. Still, a
rare few Childténm have taken Fenris as their patron

across the ages, andigreatly faisedhth eir tribe's esteem
in the Get of'Fenris" eyes in the prodéss,

¢ f : Y= ‘accumulated many
Gifts o i their traveling from one
sept or ca er has only inoreased the store.
A few Gifts/are even practiced exclusively by Kin of
the Childrén, detaile@tin Kinfolk# Unsung Heroes.

© Water-Conning (LevébOne) — The Child may
purify water by dipping her hand or bowing her fore-
head to the surface. An avatar of Unicorn teaches this
Gift as a sign of his favor.

System: The Garou touches the surface and rolls
Perception + Primal-Urge. Water that is poisoned by
animal dung or parasites has a5 difficulty. The difficulty
is 7 for chemical waste and 9 for Wyrm-taint. Each
success purifies enough water for one person for one day.

MET: Make a Static Mental Challenge (retest

with Primal-Urge) against five traits for biological


Qa rer PSS SPORE SIE SL RA AFA PERELIT

waste, seven traits for chemical waste and nine traits
for Wyrm-taint. Every success purifies a day's ration of
water for one person.

¢ Jam Weapon (Level One) — The Garou may
stop any Weaver-born weapons from working within
the range of his voice. A dove-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou shouts a single, strange word
and spends a Gnosis point. The player rolls Perception
+ Expression, difficulty of the Willpower of the nearest
armed person. For each success, all manufactured weap-
ons will not function for one combat round. This
includes guns, crossbows, flame-throwers, and even
tasers or cattle prods (anything with moving parts). It
does not include natural weapons (retractable claws
don't count as moving parts).

MET: Spend a Gnosis trait and make a Social
Challenge against the nearest armed person within
earshot. With success, all manufactured weapons of
the target stop working for one turn. As your game area
may not allow for shouting, use common sense (and
Storyteller's discretion) regarding the area of effect.

© Swallow Rage (Level One) —This Gift allows
the Child of Gaia to overcome her innate savagery,
although at a dangerous cost. By use of this Gift, the
Child may stop a frenzy and reduce her Rage by
directing it inward. The inward battle is visible for
several minutes and can take the form of a shuddering
concentration or even a masochistic beating. An an-
cestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: When the Garou falls into frenzy, the
player may make a reflexive Rage roll, difficulty 7; this
Rage roll, unlike others, cannot in itself induce frenzy.
Even one success on this roll immediately brings the
werewolf out of frenzy. However, each success does one
health level of lethal damage to the Garou, and re-
duces her temporary Rage by a similar amount. The
player must decide at the moment of entering frenzy
whether to use this Gift or not; once the Garou has
fully succumbed to frenzy, she cannot focus enough to
use this Gift.

MET: Whenever you fail a frenzy test, you may
immediately make a Rage Challenge (no retest al-
lowed, nor do you need to make a follow-up frenzy
test). With success, you do not enter frenzy, but you
lose one Rage trait and take one level of lethal damage
for each success.

¢ Domestic Seeming (Level Two) — Unicorn
does not want humans to fear her children, even the
lupus. Many lupus Children of Gaia learn this Gift in
the interest of walking comfortably among humans. By
using this Gift, a werewolf in Lupus form convinces
observers that they see a dog, not a wolf. Ordinary
humans look at the wolf and think "husky," "mala-

6

—

mute" or some other similar breed of dog. Even other
supernatural beings (save spirits) can be fooled by the
Gift, seeing what they expect to see rather than the
truth. This Gift is taught by any spirit of peace.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and
rolls Manipulation + Animal Ken; the usual Manipu-
lation penalties for Lupus form do not apply for the
purposes of this Gift. If the player fails the roll, any
observer can tell they're looking at a wolf with a
successful Perception + Animal Ken roll. If the player
gains any successes, human observers cannot pen-
etrate the disguise; supernatural creatures may make a
Perception + Animal Ken (difficulty 7) opposed by the
player's roll to penetrate the illusion. Spirits of the
Middle Umbra are not affected by the Gift at all; they
recognize the werewolf as one of Gaia's warriors as
usual. The Gift's effects last for a scene, or until the
werewolf changes form.

MET: Spend a Willpower trait and make a Social
Challenge (retest with Animal Ken). With success,
your lupus form merely looks like a large dog, not a
wolf, and only supernatural observers may attempt to
penetrate the disguise (by making a Mental Challenge
resisted by your Social Challenge). If you lost the
challenge, any observer may do so by making a Mental
Challenge (retest with Animal Ken). You should wear
a tag or some other marker to indicate your change.

¢ Grandmother's Touch (Level Two — This
Gift heals as does Mother's Touch, but can heal the
user of the Gift. This Gift cannot heal spirits or the
undead. A unicorn-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Intelligence + Medicine (difficulty of the wounded
individual's Rage, or 6 for non-Garou). Each success
heals one health level, and the Child may heal Battle
Scars as well with the expenditure of an additional
Gnosis point, as long as the Battle Scar was received in
the same scene.

MET: As Mother's Touch; spend one Gnosis to
heal one health level of damage (a Mental Chal-
lenge is also required to heal non-Garou). This
power does not work on the undead. Battle Scars
may be healed with an additional Gnosis Trait,
provided they are healed during the same scene in
which they were made.

¢ Mule's Bane (Level Two) — This metis-
specific Gift allows a metis to lash out at others by
visiting his enemies with his own deformity. Mule-
spirits teach this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Dexterity + Expression to "throw" the metis'
deformity; the difficulty is the opponent's Willpower.
The enemy gains the metis' deformity for one turn per

Children of Gaia

ile 2/,


success, subject to Storyteller approval. If the metis
botches, his own deformity becomes worse in some
fashion for the remainder of the scene.

MET: Spend one Gnosis trait and make a Physical
Challenge (retest with Expression). With success, your
opponent gains your metis deformity and any related
Negative Traits for one turn.

¢ Soothe the Savage Beast (Level Three) — By
being the catalyst for any sort of soothing music
(singing, turning on a radio, playing a CD, etc.) the
Garou makes it more difficult to Rage. When Garou
must fight one another, the Children of Gaia some-
times use this to their advantage, as many are more
experienced at holding back their Rage. A nightin-
gale-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Gnosis, difficulty 7. Each
success increases the difficulty of Rage rolls by 1 for all
those in earshot (to a maximum difficulty of 10). The
effects last for as long as the Child of Gaia is able to
continue providing music.

MET: Make a Gnosis Challenge (if attempting
this against a large group, mob rules apply); you must
also provide audible, soothing music of some sort (no
heavy metal, no rap) for the Gift to work. Everyone
within earshot loses one Rage Trait. A target's Rage
Traits may not fall below one.

¢ Words of the Alpha (Level Three) — The
Children have often sought leadership in human soci-
eties as well as among Garou. This Gift allows a leader
to seek the best course of action for a particular goal.
Eagle teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou meditates on the chosen goal,
spends a Gnosis point, and rolls Intelligence + Leader-
ship (difficulty 8). For each success, she gains one
fragment of insight, be it a word of advice or hint at
secret knowledge, into the right way to lead this group
toward her chosen end. Note that Eagle does not show
the most popular way, or the easiest way. His flight is
high, and he flies alone.

MET: Announce the goal for which you seek
advice to a Narrator, then spend five minutes in
meditation. At the end of five minutes, spend a
Gnosis Trait and make a Mental Challenge (retest
with Leadership). With success, a Narrator may pro-
vide you with some snippet of advice that can help
you achieve your goal.

¢ Lover's Touch (Level Three) — The Garou
can restore what another lacks: not only wounds
healed, but also strength of will and even spiritual

essence. Any spirit of love or avatar of Unicorn may
teach this Gift.

a LE

System: The Garou touches the afflicted person
kindly; the system is the same as for Mother's Touch.
The two need not be lovers but the contact must
convey affection and warmth; the two may embrace,
one may caress the other or wrestle with him, or there
may be further intimacy. The Garou spends a Gnosis
point and rolls Intelligence + Medicine as usual; each
success may restore one health level of damage, one
point of Willpower, or one point of Essence (if the
target is a spirit). The difficulty is the Rage or Will-
power of the other person (whichever is higher). The
player may choose to divide the successes among
multiple pools; he need not choose to heal only wounds
or Willpower. In all other respects, this Gift functions
as Grandmother's Touch, save that it can be used on
spirits (but, yet again, not undead).

MET: Spend one Gnosis to heal two health levels
of damage, one Willpower Trait, or one Essence. The
Mental Challenge to heal non-Garou is still required.
This power does not work on the undead.

© The Cleaving Hoof (Level Three) — Unicorn's
powerful hoofblows often killed the humans that hunted
him. This gift allows the Garou to focus inner strength
into a single blow, ending a fight before further harm
can take place. A Unicorn-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point before
rolling to hit. If he successfully strikes his opponent,
the dice gained from Strength in his damage pool
count as automatic successes rather than dice. Dice in
the damage pool gained from weapons, claw damage or
extra successes on the attack roll must be rolled as
usual. For example, a werewolf with Strength 5 uses
this Gift before successfully clawing an opponent; his
damage pool works out to be 9 dice (5 for Strength, +1
for the claw maneuver, +3 for three additional suc-
cesses on the attack roll). The player rolls four damage
dice, adding any successes (or subtracting in the case or
rolling ones) to the five automatic successes on the
damage roll. The defender may soak as usual.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait. You receive one free
retest on your next damaging attack. This Gift lasts for
one turn.

© Unicorn's Grace (Level Four) — The Garou
blessed by Unicorn are calm even in the midst of chaos.
This Gift, taught by an avatar of Unicorn, allows the
Garou to keep a tight lid on her anger.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point; for the
rest of the scene, her Garou cannot frenzy, and her
ability to spend Rage is limited by her Empathy rather
than Dexterity. Further, her Rage is considered three
points lower for purposes of determining whether
surrounding humans are affected by the Curse

Chapter Three: Green and Fallen Leaves 67

ee


a renin aS Sd CAEL ARLE A TUR SR TT

(Werewolf, p. 191). This Gift does not work if the
Garou is in Crinos form.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait; for the remainder of
the scene, you cannot frenzy. Your ability to spend
multiple Rage Traits in a turn is limited by your Social
Traits rather than your Physical Traits. This Gift also
softens the Curse when dealing with humans. This
Gift will not work if you are in Crinos.

© Uncaught Since the Primal Morn (Level Four)
— This Gift grants Unicorn's perfect speed to the
Garou, allowing her to outrun virtually any pursuer.
An avatar of Unicorn teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
makes an opposed Stamina + Athletics roll against the
fastest of any pursuers; the Garou is unfailingly faster
than her pursuers for one scene for each success.

MET: Spend one Gnosis Trait and make a Physi-
cal Challenge (retest with Athletics) against the fastest
of your pursuers. If you win, your pursuers have no
chance of catching you for one hour.

¢ Serpent-Driving (Level Four) — The touch
of Unicorn's horn sets evil spirits and poisonous
beasts to flight. This Gift enables the Child of Gaia
to mimic Unicorn's power, driving foul creatures
out of water, underbrush, and so on. It is a more
powerful ability of Unicorn's horn, and Unicorn
himself teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou touches his hand or forehead
to the water, into the alleyway, or into whatever area
he suspects of harboring enemies. He then rolls Gnosis,
with the difficulty being 4 for ordinary animals such as
snakes, 6 for lesser Wyrm creatures (such as fomori), 8
for Wyrm-servitors of strong power (such as Black
Spiral Dancers) and 10 for powerful creatures of the
Wyrm. For each success, one such creature is forced to
abandon its hiding place or nest by the most direct
route possible. If the Wyrm-creatures were using any
supernatural means of concealment (such as Gifts or
Disciplines), they may make a Willpower test, diffi-
culty of the Garou's Gnosis, to maintain these powers.
They must still physically leave the area, however.
Note that this Gift may cause the creatures to attack
and is thus best used with care. Serpent-Driving may
be used only once per game session.

MET: You must clearly define the area you suspect
of containing concealed creatures, then make a Static
Gnosis Challenge against four traits for ordinary ani-
mals suchas snakes, six traits for lesser Wyrm creatures,
eight traits for strong Wyrm-servitors and 10 for pow-
erful Wyrm-creatures. Success flushes out your chosen
prey and they must leave the area you defined. Any
creatures that were using Gifts, Disciplines or other
powers of concealment may make a Willpower Chal-

6

ae

lenge against the Garou's Gnosis; failure indicates that
they must stop using those powers. This Gift may be
used only once per session.

¢ Trust of Gaia (Level Five) — The Child of
Gaia with this Gift can instantly earn the trust of any
who hear her speak, even over electronic devices like
telephones or loudspeakers. Affected listeners feel that
the speaker is a good and trustworthy person, although
it does not coerce them in any other way. Those
affected will not willingly attack the Garou, although
they can be mind-controlled to do so (and will hate
doing so). Banes, Black Spiral Dancers and other
creatures of powerful Wyrm-taint feel intense dislike
instead of trust.

The trust evoked by this Gift doesn't supersede
common sense; if the Child of Gaia drives a speeding
car through a crowd of affected listeners, they'll still
scatter for cover, although they'll feel certain she had
a good reason to be in such a hurry. An avatar of
Unicorn teaches this Gift, and demands that the
recipient swear never to abuse its power.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Manipulation + Empathy; the difficulty is 6 to
affect humans, 8 to affect humans corrupted by the
Wyrm or other shapeshifters, or 10 to affect
supernaturals corrupted by the Wyrm (such as vam-
pires). Creatures born directly of the Wyrm such as
fomori or Banes, or ritually enslaved to the Wyrm,
such as Black Spiral Dancers, are immune. All listen-
ers must make successful Willpower rolls (difficulty
of the Garou's Gnosis) to resist. For the duration of
the scene, all affected listeners treat the Garou as if
she were a trusted friend. After the Gift's effects end,
those affected by the Gift do not remember being
supernaturally swayed.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Static
Social Challenge (retest with Empathy, mob rules
apply); all listeners within earshot resist with Will-
power. The difficulty is six Traits to affect humans,
eight traits to affect Wyrm-tainted humans or other
supernaturals, and 10 to affect supernatural creatures
indirectly affected by the Wyrm (such as vampires).
Any affected targets that fail their Willpower tests
treat the Garou as a trusted friend for the duration of
the scene, and do not remember being induced into
this trust. Black Spiral Dancers, fomori, Banes and
other creatures directly born of or enslaved to the
Wyrm are immune (Storyteller's discretion regarding
the effects on Sabbat vampires, Thallain, fae of House
Balor or the Shadow Court, Nephandi or Spectres).

Night had fallen some time ago and the circle of
Garou was well lit by the Umbral fire, but it became

Children of Gaia

eaaien+ememmmiear .<,


noticeable that more fires were erupting in the mate-
tial world. Ringer peeped through the barrier. He saw
chaos: men tore down sections of the peace wall and
fed them to giant bonfires, which were spreading
further and further. The ground was littered with
candles in little cups, remnants of a candle lighting for
peace that had obviously produced just the opposite.
Ringer choked on heavy smoke as he pulled his aware-
ness back to the Shadow and shouted, "You guys better
step sideways right now!" Garou began shifting and
Ringer stepped through with his whole pack. More
shouting and screaming could be heard over the Flam-
ing Green Jumping Beans' music. In the mosh pit, he
saw fights, with two guys at least lying still and bloody
as the band screamed "Yeah! Kick some ass, doods! Get
it on! Rowdy! Rowdy! Rowdy! Whooee!"

"Something is going horribly wrong here," Rich
said as he noticed the chaos beginning to erupt around
the concert. Before anyone could act, Garret Faithful
pointed into the crowd and cried, "They're raping that
girl! Come!"

As his pack charged into the concert-goers, other
Garou began rushing into the reveling that had
become rioting, each one intent on stopping similar
atrocities. Security men removed the idiotic band
from the stage and an organizer started trying to calm
people down, which wasn't working. Amanda spot-
ted a gauntlet of men forcing frightened, screaming
women through their ranks. She called out to her
untested pack, "Over there! Stay Homid if you can!"
How had the peaceful air of the concert changed?
Why had everyone become so violent?

Dismantling the wilding line was messy; the pack
hadn't worked together like this before. Rich was for
his part angrily grabbing the bottles of water and belts
from the men's hands like an angry father taking toys
from disobedient children. Men who resisted he bat-
ted to the ground, where they lay very still. The
yellow-shirted "peace patrol" were nowhere to be
seen. Quite a few of the pack took a few bumps and
bruises, some of which could have been averted if
Joné had been helping them instead of tending to the
girls who were already free. Ringer had severely
bloodied several with his staff while Hack was getting
a little too into dealing out justice.

Our first pack action, thought Amanda. We need
work. Just as the offenders were dispersing, though, a
horrible noise caught her attention. Rich could feel
his hair begin to stand on end. Quickly, he stepped
sideways to get a better look at his surroundings and
the possible cause of the odd feeling. The webs that
had shrouded the place could be seen bulging here
and there, dark patches growing where the webbing

———————EE

rs EATER FEY SERN Nn me

Chapter Three: Green and Fallen Leaves

was strained the most. He stepped back sideways
again just in time to miss them bursting forth with
vile blackness. The web-hill that marked the build-
ings was heaving, erupting.

"I think this place of power has been claimed by
the wrong side," Rich had just begun to say when dark
forms burst from the bonfires of burning port-a-potties
and water booths. They were easily identified as Black
Spirals and twisted fomori. Two trailers went up, with
figures running from them amidst the stink of gasoline.

"Trouble at the main stage — follow me!" The
pack followed as they could, with other Ahroun mobi-
lizing their packs as well. "Garret — what are we going
to do?" The taller man came alongside.

"Keep peace, keep the human shape. Find the
troublemakers and sit on 'em. Okay?" The Galliard
howled his orders and two dozen Garou charged into a
writhing mess of humans. The onetime mosh pit was
now simply a battlefield.

"So much for Homid only!" Hack changed to
Hispo and leapt upon the nearest Dancer. He kept it
pinned while Ringer beat its head in with his staff.

Joné was in Glabro, trying to evacuate noncomba-
tants, who were running and screaming in confusion.
"Amanda! There's too many of them!" Women had
climbed, panicked, onto the speaker towers, which
were teetering back and forth near collapse.

Perhaps eight or ten thousand humans had come
to this festival; maybe five thousand were in the huge
brawl while the Jumping Beans' recorded music blared
from speakers. The noise was irritating as hell to Garou
ears. Ringer picked out two Kin he knew who were
holding off a bunch of guys by a speaker tower. No staff,
no "weapons"; human police would probably come. He
charged with Hack, now in human form and wearing
a T-shirt and gym shorts, into the mass, stepping
accidentally on two guys who were on the ground
bleeding. One had a bite wound (a bite wound, he
wondered?) bleeding heavily. Of the two Kin, one was
down, hit in the head and back. Ringer jumped one
assailant, then realized something was more wrong
than he'd imagined. Wyrmstink filled his nostrils in
the man's body odor.

He'd heard of fomori, humans possessed by Wyrm-
devils, a legion of freaks cursed with monster-powers.
This thing threw him, then jumped on him as Hack hit
two of the guys hard, low. Ringer wrestled, against
inhuman strength, trying for a hold. Usually like
holding on to a guy better than this, he reflected. A
moment's view past the thing showed him a field of
fighting, a Garou he didn't know clubbing two humans
to the ground, another fomor looting a jeweler's stand.

69
ENN

|

!

The man smacked him against the tower's base,
Ringer's head whirling. He heard the Kinswoman's
scream. Then a deep tock as she hit the man who was
pinning him with a chunk of concrete. Ringer swept a
leg up, taking advantage of the moment, and the two
struggled side by side while Hack had one fomor in a
restraint hold. The Kin girl clubbed him hard twice
and he went limp, enough damage to kill a human,
blood seeping from scalp wounds. Ringer's own adver-
sary twisted, tried to get an arm free to strike. Ringer hit
him in the throat, again in the gut, slammed him
against the tower's corner. The man struggled on, got
an elbow into Ringer's temple. Dazed, the Garou
warrior put the pain aside with a thought, then cracked
a hand across the fomor's neck, stunning him. The
speaker tower groaned, then collapsed with acrash. He
rolled to his feet, kicked the foe hard in the gut to make
sure. The Kinswoman was smiling, holding a knife.

"Shall I? Or are we being peaceful?"

"Leave it to the war leaders. No need to do any
more killing than we have to." What anyone could do
with fomori... he didn't know. Garret was tough but
hated slaughter.

The field was clearing, with human cops begin-
ning to show up, but the Garou had found and killed
or taken most of the fomori and Black Spirals; the fight
was over. The band was gone of course, hustled to
safety by corporate security that had done nothing to
keep the peace.

"Mandy, there are Banes here too; we gotta get out."

Amanda looked around and saw it was true; the
Wyrm had possessed the rioters and Black Spirals were
everywhere. She could even hear Garret calling a
retreat. Pulling a group of rioters off Ringer, who was
trying not to kill them, she yelled, "Everyone out! Save
as many innocents as you can!"

As they fled the burning, confused scene, Amanda
stopped to take a final look —and then it hit her. A Pit.
This whole thing could have ended with the creation
of a Pit. The Dancers and fomori were already there in
force, ready to begin the rites; when the concert-goers
flew out of control, that must have been like a siren
song to the Banes in the area— or any that came with
the Fallen. They almost did it. They could have done
it, encouraging even more suffering and cruelty as they
went, generating enough anguish to taint the caern
into something horrible.

Winter-Stars howled that the Garou should clear
the field. Ringer and Hack went, taking the Kinfolk
with them. "Name's Kevin. This is Jason," he said;
Hack had insisted on using a human name to "fit in."

"Maggie Quarg. My brother Michael." They were
brown-haired kids with compact bodies, both pretty

good-looking. She and Hack half carried the guy,
slashed and bleeding, to Rich, who stopped the blood
with a spirit-whisper as his hands ran over Michael's
side. Michael sagged with relief as the pain left him.
"Honored Garou, our thanks. We cannot repay you."

"The honor is mine," Rich replied just as formally,
"daughter and mother of The People." Rich was stand-
ing beside Mandy and joined in looking back. "So
much for peace, love and happiness."

"Rich, what the hell happened?" Kevin asked
after Rich had performed some more minor rites.
"Those—." The cops had arrested some fomori, am-
bulances taking others. "How did this happen?" Mandy
asked, dazed at the carnage.

"] don't know. But I have an idea. I have to check
with Garret; he was on the field with us and he might
be better at tracking them back. We may have to do
some housecleaning here."

"Have we failed, Rich? The Children of Gaia, I mean."

Rich shook his head. "Like you said, Mandy. Peace
is always a struggle. We're just struggling right now."

They then turned and left the chaos and madness
to another day.

Rb of the Tia
Minor Rite

This rite involves using the teacher plants of Gaia

(hallucinoge plants) which havél hiad»their eat

them in the appropriate manner (such as smoking jimson
weed or eating sacred mushrooms). Note that the use of
the plants is forbidden i somie cases by human law.

System: For each fevel of bashing damage that the
Garou takes from ex ‘to the drugs in question,
the Gauntlet is effectively lowered by one for the
purposes of using Gifts or rites or stepping sideways.
The reduced difficulty lasts for five minutes after the
completion of this rite.

MET: The Garou receives a free retest on his next
Gift, rite or effort to step sideways after this rite.

The Bowel of the Moftar

Minor Rite

This simple rite enables other rites to be performed in
less than ideal circumstances. The Ragabash Soldier-of-
Paradise developed it while serving in the US military.
Rites requiring Gaia's physical presence (that is, that
natural earth, air, water or fire be present) are difficult to
perform while the ritemaster is in a setting where they do
not exist, such as a ship at sea. The clever No-Moon

Children of Gaia

i ———

ametteeiimemiemninmes

|


reasoned that "there's wind in your lungs, water in your
veins, fire in your heart and soil in your bowels."

System: When a ritemaster performs this rite, she
may substitute the body of any living creature for the
required earth, wind, etc. for a rite that immediately
follows. For example, when arite requires the ritemaster
to touch earth, she may hold another's hand instead; a
fetish may be held over the heart instead of over a fire.
No roll is necessary, although the difficulty of the rite
for which the substitution is made is increased by one.
It has sadly been shown that even the rite of Gaia's
Vengeful Teeth can be cast this way. Soldier-of-Para-
dise was not successful in his attempts to perform the
Rite of Spirit Awakening on his intestinal bacteria,
but perseveres nevertheless.

MET: After casting this rite, the ritemaster may
use the body of a living creature for whatever rite
follows immediately after. Spirits of any kind and the
undead may not be used for this rite. The target need
not be willing, and additional challenges may be
required to prepare the target.

Tea of Accord
te of the Pregnant Nufe
Level One

This rite is known only to metis. No one else would
ever want to learn it. It honors Father Mule, patron of the

middle breed. It enables metis to adopt other metis as
their children. Since most metis are abandoned or worse
by their biological parents, older metis see these Crinos
pups as a personal responsibility. And who better to raise
a troublesome and often differently abled metis pup?

System: The adoptive parent asks the consent of
the child's biological parents, if they can be found; if
not, she asks the sept elders. (They may refuse.) She
then takes the cub to the sept's caern and calls Garou,
Kin and spirits (especially Mule, whose coming is
taken as a blessing on the cub) as witnesses. The cub is
put on the earth and allowed to crawl between the
adoptive parent's legs as if being born again. The
adoptive parents are then counted as the true parents
of the child in every way (including Renown). Metis of
rank 5 or greater are very rarely allowed to adopt an
orphaned homid or lupus cub; the rite is the same.

MET: A metis who performs this rite to adopt a
child is hereafter considered that child's parent, re-
sponsible for teaching her the ways of the Garou and
may receive Renown for "bearing" the child.

Re of Comfort
Level Two
This rite is a healing ritual for Harano. It does not

cure the condition, although the rite of Asklepios (see
below) can indicate possible cures. The ritemaster can,

:

however, prevent the afflicted one from passing any
deeper into Harano.

The ritemaster chants, burns mystic incense
and engages the sufferer in breathing exercises. The
dispirited one may leave before the rite begins, but
not after it has started. This ritemaster may perform
this rite more than once for each werewolf suffering
from Harano.

System: The ritemaster chants, leads the sick
one in breathing rituals, and makes a Charisma +
Rituals roll. The recipient takes the number of suc-
cesses as extra Willpower, which she may spend to
resist Harano. She may not harm herself (such as
through self-mutilation or suicide) until all the bonus
points of Willpower are gone.

MET: The ritemaster makes a Social Challenge.
Success grants two Willpower Traits to the suffering
Garou for use in resisting Harano (either to spend or to

add to her Trait total for the purposes of comparis6non »
ties). The target may not harm herself until the Will- ;
power Traits are gone. No more than four Traits may ~

be gained with this ritual.

Re of tbe Goud and Rats

Level Two

This rite is kept a carefulsecret by Chiliren of
Gaia, and all who so much as know of it must sweak

never to mention it among non-initiates — if re=
vealed, anyone involved would likely be ostracized by
the rest of the Garou Nation. It allows the partial"

control of Rage at the price of violating a basic Garou
law: the first precept of the Litany. "a

The rite involves channeling the force of Rage by
having sex in Crinos form. To avoid injury or death to
the partners, both must be Garou. Because the fear of
producing a metis is so great, metis are often asked to
perform the rite, as they are sterile. Some Garou
actually enjoy multiple partners while performing this
rite, although having more than one sexual partner
during the rite can be somewhat confusing. Some say
that the more Garou are involved, the more powerful
the rite becomes. The truth of this is unknown.

System: The sexual partners invoke the spirits of
peace and of desire, spending a point of Gnosis. They
must demonstrate genuine affection for each other, or
the rite will not work. If it works, the Garou can
control the tendency to frenzy for the rest of the story.
The Storyteller must determine the chance of preg-
nancy, if it is possible at all. Everyone involved in the
rite loses a temporary point of Honor; the spirits who
empower the rite, permissive though they may be, are
still witnesses to the participants' transgression.

7Z Children of Gaia

EE TE ae ey

a 2

MET: Owing to the nature of the rite, this is best
done through Storytelling. The partners each spend a
Gnosis Trait. With success, the partners receive a free
retest if they fail a frenzy test. Each participant also
loses a temporary Honor. This rite lasts for one session.
Rte of Angert Purge

Level Three

Rage makes a shapeshifter what they are. But it is
a curse as well as a blessing. Some Garou can contain
their Rage sufficiently to live with a Kinfolk family or
enjoy a quiet dinner ata restaurant. But some are so out
of balance that they can barely function without
exploding. Others require punishment. For whatever
reason, a Garou occasionally needs to have his poten-
tial for Rage lowered. In this rite, the subject changes
into Crinos and is encircled by the participants who all
wield whips, clubs, and other instruments of punish-

ment (the "gauntlet"). They then proceed to beat the

bject into submission, until he lies unconscious on
sund. A Garou can have the Beast beaten out of
is way if such a punishment is required.
System: Each participant in the rite must expend
e point of Rage. The subject loses one point
each point spent in this way. If
A after, the Storyteller may de-
cide that the loss of Rage is not permanent, although
few Garou have enough Rage to endure this rite and
till be capable of frenzy in any but the most extenuat-
ing circumstances.

~ MET: Each participant in the gauntlet spends a

porary Rage Trait, and the target loses a permanent
ge Trait (his total may never drop below one Trait).
At the Storyteller's discretion, the target's loss may not
be permanent if he frenzies later in the session. The
effects are otherwise permanent, although the player
may purchase Rage with experience.

Nyse Pfat
Lat lating

Level One

The mere existence of metis threatens the Veil, as
they are born and die in Crinos form. This blessing is
given toa metis by the ritemaster after going to war and
before the metis' face is cold in death. It simply ensures
that the metis' corpse will be in that form which she
most preferred (apart from her breed form, of course):
human or wolf, arousing no suspicion. Many metis
have received this rite with joy, seeing it as a sign of
Gaia's forgiveness.

System: The ritemaster lays hands on the metis
and chants the Song of the True Form; then spends one

|


permanent Gnosis. The metis' body changes to Homid
or Lupus form, and the change is permanent.

MET: This rite must performed at the conclusion
of battle, before the metis in question is cold. The
ritemaster chants the song and spends a permanent
Gnosis. The metis' body changes to Homid or Lupus
form permanently. This may not be done while the
metis still lives.

Ripe of Atklephat

Level Three

The ancient Greek healer Asklepios was the great-
est physician of the ancient world, and the Children
and their Kin aided his cult for a thousand years. This
rite allows the ritemaster and his patient(s) to see the
correct cure for diseases and wounds untreatable nor-
mally. Only a few Children of Gaia still know it.

System: The ritemaster prays over the patient,
who then sleeps all night in an underground
either a small room (hence, "incubation") orab
for lupus. The ritemaster then rolls Wits + R
difficulty 7, or 8 for illnesses of unknown origin. In the
night, a spirit such as Asklepios, Clara Maas or Carlos
Finley (the discoverer of yellow: fever vaccine) will,
appear to the patient and exp q
disease. The patient will thenawa :
steps described. For each success of the ritemaster, o
level of damage will be cured. The patient and thi
ritemaster will then perform a sacrifice to Gaia. This
can be a gift of goods or treasures, but can also be
service or quest to aid the ritemaster.

MET: The ritemaster makes a Static Mental Ch:
lenge against 7 Traits. Success means a spirit related
healing comes to the patient and explains how to cure
the disease. If the steps are followed, the patient is
cured. Both patient and ritemaster are required to
make a sacrifice to Gaia. At Storyteller discretion, this
may not work against diseases such as cancer, AIDS or
hemorrhagic fevers like Ebola.

Re of Blood Kp

Level Three

The Children of Gaia have perhaps more and
better-organized Kin than any other tribe, but even
they are sometimes outside the Kinfolk network. This
rite seeks Kin that the ritemaster does not know. The
Garou will entrance himself and then whisper the
names of all the ancestors whom he knows. (Some
homids write the names, use a computer, etc.) At the
end of the rite the names of previously unknown Kin
will be added to the list. This rite does not tell the
Garou anything at all about the Kin; more than one
Child has run afoul of Skin-Dancers this way....

———eEeEeEeEeEeEOoOo

System: The Garou rolls Wits + Empathy, diffi-
culty 5. For each success, one new Kinfolk is added
to the list.

MET: Make a Mental Challenge (retest with Em-
pathy). With success, a new Kinfolk's name is added.

Sin-Exfing
Level Three

This rite allows the ritemaster to end the suffering
of others by taking their Wyrm-taint onto himself. It
can cleanse both the living and the dead. The rite is
reflected in a few rural communities in the Appala-
chians and elsewhere, where humans attempt to take
the sins of others onto themselves to release a dead soul
from Hell.

System: The Garou lays out a meal on the body of
the person (usually on their chest or in their hands)
and eats it. As he does so, he makes a Wits + Rituals
roll, with the difficulty being the sinner's Willpower.
uccess transfers the subject's Wyrm-taint into him;
teller may require extra successes to transfer
"larver™ amounts of Wyrm-taint. This rite is said to be
able to cleanse even Black Spirals (if huge numbers of
succes be achieved), but no such attempt has
su ‘themory; Banes and fomori cannot
be co in this method, as they are, at least in part,
Wyrm-taint itself.

MET: The Garou makes a Static Mental Chal-

lenge against the target's Willpower. With success, he

takes the target's Wyrm-taint into himself (which may
*be cleansed normally).

ding foe Many Shaper

Level Three

The Garou are warriors, even the Children of
Gaia. But the Garou have warred not only on the
enemies of Gaia but on the Fera, and even on their own
kin among the Bunyip. This rite mourns the lost and
brings understanding of the reasons and results con-
nected to the long-ago battles. The Speakers for the
Dead often perform it in Australia in Bunyip bora rings
or in the Camazotz caves of Mexico.

System: The ritemaster seeks a place associated
with one of the long-lost Changers and enters into
meditation on the vanished race. She must plead with
the dead to hear her apologies or elegies for them (this
should be roleplayed). The greater her knowledge of
the lost ones, the greater her chance of success. For the
following year, the dead will not haunt any that take
part in this rite. At the Storyteller's discretion, the
dead may communicate with the ritemaster; one or
two who have partaken in this rite claim to have
gained new knowledge or insights thereby.

MET: No special system required.

aaa

Chapter Three: Green and Fallen Leaves

ccna eeenpaenaeennigs

2 LR SEES SUSE SOPRA SUT AM eR Ma RE aaa

Level Three

This is similar to the Rite of Talisman Dedication
but is more powerful. Talismans under this rite actually
shapeshift into forms which are usable by the Garou,
instead of "disappearing." Each counts for triple the
Gnosis of a dedicated item: a Garou with a 7 Gnosis
can have only two items adapted to her. For example,
a Garou's clothes would adapt to the new body shape:
a Garou might have a vest for tools in her Homid form,
which would change into a Crinos-sized vest, and then
shapeshift to Lupus, when it would become fitted to
the wolf-body. A backpack would become a dog-pack,
andso on. Note that frivolous items, suchas high heels,
stereos or coffee mugs, will not work and will cause loss
of 3 permanent Gnosis if adapted.

System: The ritemaster recites the rite and places
the item on the Garou's body. If extra items are
attached, they will be torn or crushed when the Garou
shapeshifts.

MET: Only one item at a time may be adapted
during the rite. The Storyteller has final say on what
items may be adapted.

Re of Rahifion

Level Four

This rite is also called the Rite of the Harena (or
the Rite of the Sands). It prevents Garou who combat
one another ritually from frenzying during the com-
bat, whether it is wrestling, klaivaskar, Iskakku or
kailindo. Other tribes often ask the Children to
perform this rite lest their warriors slay one another
over a minor dispute.

System: The combatants approach one another,
shake hands or sniff one another, and howl out their
respect for one another. The ritemaster stands as
referee and rolls Charisma + Rituals against the high-
est Rage score of any combatant. For each success, one
failed Rage roll for Frenzy may be ignored.

MET: The ritemaster makes a Static Social Chal-
lenge against the highest Rage Traits of the partici-
pants. With success, each participant may ignore one
failed frenzy test.

Level Five

Only the most brazen would violate a sacred peace.
The entire sept, including Kin and representatives of
the community, must gather at the caern and each
participant must declare himself dedicated to the peace
of the land. The strength of the peace equals the
number of Garou plus half the number of Kin who join
in the rite. Anyone deciding to make war on such a

74 ChAildren of Gaia

SSS ee

community must make a Willpower roll, difficulty 8,
with as many successes as the strength of the peace. If
ever this peace is broken, the leader of the community
may utter a destructive curse upon the violator, using
as many dice to curse as the strength of the peace. Treat
this as the Flaw: Dark Fate with a strength equal to the
strength of the broken peace.

Abvernafion of Generafiont

Level Five

The ancient lupus among the Children of Gaia
beheld the "eternal heat" of humankind and realized
that this ability could vastly increase their breeding
capability as well as enhancing the pleasures of mating.
In the present, as the blood thins more and more,
homid women have employed it to increase the mea-
sure of wolf blood in the tribe. It allows a homid to bear
lupus offspring and vice versa.

System: At the conclusion of the rite, the
Garou spends a permanent Gnosis point, shapeshifts
to match the form of the beloved one and ap-
proaches their intended. A homid mating in Lupus
form must wait until the mating season, of course,
but in all cases conception is guaranteed. The
mother's breed form temporarily changes to that of
her partner; the change lasts from conception to
delivery, in order to prevent miscarriages.

Metis, of course, cannot use this rite — and none
would teach it to them.

MET: The Garou spends a permanent Gnosis
Trait. Whatever form is chosen, conception is guaran-
teed. The mother's breed form changes to match her
partner's during the pregnancy.

ond Time Rife

Level Five

This ritual gives insight into the nature of the
Apocalypse. As such, enacting it is frightening, and
many septs either forbid ritemasters to perform it or
forbid them to speak publicly on what the rite reveals.
Ritemasters who are able to speak on the rite say many
different things about their visions.

The ritemaster must lead a group of Garou (and
often Kin) in three days of chanting, dancing and
meditating. If they manage to last through the lengthy
and tiring rite, the ritemaster and others will see
visions of the Apocalypse and of their own actions
which are related to it. They will also see glimpses of
how the actions of the Garou Nation have affected
the Apocalypse. Some ritemasters have emerged hope-
ful, saying that the Children's peacemaking can
change the world into a new and better form. Others
predict extinction in a great battle, and still others

|


.

some bizarre Weaver "singularity" involving giant
computers. Other tribes are always invited to partici-
pate in this rite, and Stargazers always seemed eager
to do so, speaking of a new and transformed reality
beyond the Apocalypse.

System: This rite requires the invocation of spirits
of prophecy and time, which are by nature a cryptic lot.
The ritemaster then leads three days of dancing and
chanting and rolls Wits + Rituals, difficulty 7. The
Storyteller may use the enactment of this rite as a story
device; how "true" the visions are will be up to her.

MET: This rite is best used asa Storyteller device. After
invoking the necessary spirits and the three days of chant
and dance, the ritemaster makes a Mental Challenge.

Pte of the Carter Vill

Level Five

This rite is the Children of Gaia's ultimate gift to
Gaia-cherishing humans. When it is performed, the
Veil is not pierced (as in the deadly Rite of Rending the
Veil) but parts seamlessly to admit one or more humans
(or wolves!). The person on whom the rite is performed
thus becomes Kinfolk. Two Children unrelated to the
human must witness that he loves Gaia and would aid
the Children's cause. Most often this rite is done for

mates of Garou or Kin. Some of the Patient Deed say
that they hope to extend the rite to whole nations.

The rite consists of the Garou dancing round the
subject, while the ritemaster chants from the Songs of
Welcome. As the rite progresses, the Garou slowly
shapeshift, until finally they assume the Crinos form
without frightening the human.

System: The ritemaster makes an extended Wits
+ Rituals roll, difficulty of the human's Willpower. He
must accumulate successes equal to the human's age
before the rite succeeds; children are easier to "adopt"
than adults.

MET: The ritemaster spends two permanent
Gnosis Traits and makes a Static Mental Challenge
against the human's Willpower. Success brings the
target human into the Kinfolk fold, and the human is
considered Kin in regard to rules and Storytelling.

Wort: and Fy
DyUbfant She (Zz  pobot Meri)

The Children of Gaia adopt so many pups that
some Children maintain family ties with Garou par-
ents in other tribes. This Merit simply means that you

Chapter Three: Green and Fallen Leaves 75

a ne ee eee

SS

peer a A Te Sp DT A A a eared

know of a parent who is Garou (not Kin) in another
tribe. (Male Children may claim sire-right among the
Black Furies). The tribe needs to be specified and the
Storyteller needs to give permission for you to choose
the tribe that you specify. In some cases he may refuse.
The Storyteller will create your parent, but will not
reveal everything about them to you. In general, this
Merit functions as a dot of Allies within another tribe,
although it will also tend to spawn its own subplots.

Sipporter (2 potot Mert)

You inspire all around you to greater efforts. (You
must roleplay this, of course). Whether by speaking,
writing or leading by example, you give anyone who
works with you reason to go on and hope of success.
You have a -2 difficulty to Social rolls and you give any
group effort +1 to its total dice pool.

Naive (4 potot Faw)

You are hopelessly naive about the nature of
reality and see all through "rose-colored glasses." You
may have been brought up in wealth and privilege, or
be a survivor of abuse and trauma that you have
repressed. You are unwilling to suspect evil or foul play,
which can be a serious problem. The difficulty for any
rolls to detect another person's ill intent, from the
Sense Wyrm Gift to Empathy rolls, is raised by 2.
Vegan (2 potot Flan)

You cannot eat any food that comes from an
animal's body. You also must avoid using animal prod-
ucts such as leather, fur or wool. If flesh so much as
enters your mouth, the Storyteller may force you to
make a Willpower roll to avoid gagging. This makes
youunwelcome at most social events (especially among
lupus) and you cannot hunt (except for spirits).

MET: Make a Willpower Challenge not to lose
your lunch when you eat meat.

Charach (2 polot Flaw)

You are known to have a Garou lover. You may be
performing the Rite of the Clouds and Rain (see
above), or simply be involved romantically. The
Storyteller will create this character for you, but you
should be aware that any charach is regarded by Garou
(even some Children of Gaia) as a perverted criminal
who deserves death. Other Garou may be very angry
with you for breaking the Litany, and may insist on
punishing you. You automatically begin the game with
one less point of Renown, and must lose that point of
Renown from Honor if at all possible.

Doe (4-3 polot Fan)

7

Ll —

For better or for worse, you are docile in nature.
Your distance from "the wolf" is noticeable to
others. They may use the words "domesticated" or
"dog." Some Children of Gaia lupus who have this
Gift are actually somewhat doglike in appearance.
For every point of Docile you take, your maximum
Rage is lowered by 2, and can never be bought
above that level.

MET: You gain the Negative Physical Trait Doc-
ile (which can be bid against you), and your maximum
Rage is lowered by two Traits for each level of the Flaw
you take.

Lurved Out (3 pots Paw)

If anyone starts with the peace and love crap
again, you just might lose it. Your lengthy struggle for
good has taken its toll. You are depressed, cynical and
prone to Harano; the difficulty of all Willpower rolls
is raised by 1.

MET: You suffer a two-Trait penalty when you
must rouse yourself to care or in challenges regard-
ing Harano.

You have taken a vow not to kill any animal large
enough to see (this does not include germs, plants, tiny
insects, etc). This includes the Vegan Flaw (which you
may not take along with this one) as well as deliber-
ately inflicting lethal damage. You may fight (you will
need to) but you must strive only to defeat your foes,
not slay them. Many Children take this vow. If you kill
accidentally, you will not lose the freebie points gen-
erated from this Flaw, but if you deliberately take
another being's life the Storyteller will remove 3
points from your character anywhere that she sees fit.

MET: Accidental killing will not lose the extra
points, but deliberate slaying or murder means the
loss of three Traits from your character sheet
(Storyteller's choice).

New Toferut
Tofers of Re
neue"

Background Cost: 5

Mule, sterile son of Horse, is a totem who particu-
larly favors metis. He values hard work, stubbornness,
and strength. Lupus consider him a Weaver-thing, as
they commonly believe (incorrectly) that hybrids do
not occur in the wild. Homids consider him strange
and perverse. He will not accept any fertile being as his
child. Garou who follow either Horse or Bull will be
well disposed toward children of Mule.

Children of Gaia

ee


Traits: Mule grants his packs an extra dot of
Strength and Stamina, which may be assigned as usual.
Each pack member gains a point of Honor Renown;
metis that follow Mule are presumed to bear their
situation with grace.

Ban: Mule requires that his children obey all
lawful orders. They must stubbornly refuse all un-
lawful orders.

MET: Mule's children gain the Traits Stalwart and
Robust, and an Honor Trait.

Topems of War
Zack Unhoorn

Background Cost: 5

Black Unicorn is called by some "Unicorn's
Shadow"; his coat is as dark as Unicorn's is white,
though his eyes shine with the same reverent love for
Gaia. He is a noble spirit of war, created by Unicorn to

a point of Glory. In addi-
at a time may gain three

Willpower points per sto

Ban: Black
defend those
duty that is o

MET: Blac
Brawl and a Glo
gain three extra He
an innocent
add five

of co}

Ads that his children
efend themselves, a

er story, €d ckn
power Traits to their pool fot
g on ties.

Background Cost: 9
Eagle is a fierce fighter who aids Garou in honor-
able struggles and in building and upholding just
societies. He loves those who cry for justice and hates
cowardice and disunity.

Traits: Eagle grants three extra dice for any en-
deavor that the pack shares. In a pack of his which
fights together, no member can suffer fox frenzy. Silver
Fangs are prone to respect children of Eagle.

Ban: Eagle demands that his Children oppose
injustice and work to build and maintain a just
society. Simply killing evil people is not enough;
Eagle's children must involve themselves in local
government or politics to some extent, working posi-
tively toward a better society.

Chapter Three: Green and Fallen Leaves

————————

MET: Eagle's
retest when en:
pack of his ch

to fox frenz

/ Ban: Sea Otter demands that the ocean and its
resources remain inviolate, including cleaning streams
for use as salmon runs, preserving shellfish beds, and
creating and protecting nesting grounds for seabirds.
His followers are less often eco-warriors than tireless
workers for the maintenance of as much of the sea as
can be saved.

MET: Sea Otter's children swim at twice normal
speed, and can automatically keep their heads above
water if they so desire. They also gain a Wisdom Trait.
eee

The concert was done and Ringer was looking
forward toa real bed anda real shower. Or to anywhere
besides this crazy not-Woodstock. He shoved another
dufflebag of junk into the van while Hack dodged
packing work by staying in Lupus form.

"So can we stay at the Sunset Sea Sept for a while?
Is that okay?" Joné's stereo played some cool r&b while
she checked over the route on her Visor, websurfing in
the tail of the van with one leg dangling in the grass
and the other tucked beneath her. They had already
started strategy for the protests in Seattle: thousands
were gathering, Garou and Kin not least among them,
to protest the globalization that made Pentex and its
litter of corporations so powerful. Joné had logged
them into a chatroom where all kinds of protestors,
labor unions, women's groups, native peoples, gay
rights activists, on and on, were swapping information,
places to stay, places to eat (especially important if you
were a vegan, she'd explained), what everyone was
going to do when, even lyrics of songs and MP3 files of

77
eaaiae

EE DIESE BE OE BE LES OE IEG PG TT TO TF PTC TR

> ensnarnan Saar SEE SL TEAR TS ha go oa enero

the music for everyone that wanted to sing, to shout,
Ya Basta! ("Enough!"). It sounded cool as hell; Ringer
was happy just to be going somewhere, doing some-
thing that made a difference, but with people that,
well, really cared about him.

Mandy finished rolling up atent atop agroundsheet
and smiled. "Yeah. There's plenty of room; you guys
would be great there. If you'll teach martial arts—"

"And interior decorating?" Gaia, Ringer thought,
sweating in boiling New York sun, I am the luckiest guy
alive. They're even kewl with me being with another Garou.

"Only if you want to. Is that all of the stuff from
the tents?"

"Yeah, his and my stuff's in my car already. We're
all ready to go." Guy thing: take what you need, pack
it and get moving. Girls were different, Ringer thought.
Or is that sexist? Hell if I know.

"California. And then—" Ringer took advantage
of Hack's inattention to dive for him.

"Seattle. Gaiadammit, Seattle!" Ringer grabbed
the wolf and dumped him whining into the car.

eee

Fifpithes
Lye of Chatenge

Level One, Gnosis 5

This is a pair of dice carved from amber or bone
and inlaid with mother-of-pearl, malachite, etc.
Philodox use these dice to settle disputes when the
Garou at odds will not agree to their judgement. An
Ancestor who judged fairly must animate this fetish.

The judge brings out the dice and allows both
disputants to handle them, then prays to Gaia to
resolve the issue, spending one Gnosis for each Garou
involved in the quarrel. He then allows the disputants
to roll the dice. The Garou whose cause is "right" (as
Unicorn would define it), if either disputant counts,
will always win; if both disputants have equally just
causes, the dice always come up tied.

Tattoo of True Sbape

Level Two, Gnosis 6

This fetish is usually a tattoo or scar, although it
can also be worn as a piercing. An octopus-spirit or
other shapeshifting spirit is bound into the fetish.
Developed by the Ragabash Soldier-of-Paradise, it
contours the Garou's shapeshifting to make him com-
fortable and functional in any space. Thus the huge
Crinos form might become thicker-bodied and smaller
in aconfined corridor, more able to move or fight. The
Hispo would fit into a tiny elevator by being taller and

7

en

more erect, though its four-footed stance and fighting
claws would not change. A Garou can shift from
Homid to Lupus while ina cramped tunnel without the
Crinos shape being a problem.

The tattoo must be activated during shapeshifting;
it's impossible to spenda Rage point to shift forms and
activate the tattoo in the same turn. The five forms
are still recognizable no matter what the fetish does,
and it does not enable Garou to take new forms. This
fetish is especially helpful to Garou who invade Black
Spiral labyrinths and other alien Wyrm-spaces.
Whether the Black Spirals themselves have learned
of it is not known.

MET: A Garou activating this fetish may not spend
Rage to shift forms during the same turn. He suffers no
size-related difficulties due to his surroundings.

EH of the Oioorn

Level Two, Gnosis 6

This is a belt made from white leather in which a
Gaffling of Unicorn dwells. When it is worn, it pro-
tects the wearer from ingested poison, including Wyrm-
venoms, and from all natural sickness; radioactive and
supernatural toxins and corrosives that are absorbed
through the skin or injected are still a danger. No roll
is necessary.

MET: While wearing the Belt of the Unicorn, the
Garou suffers no ill effects from ingested poisons or
natural sickness. Radioactive or supernatural toxins,
corrosives that damage the skin or are injected are still
dangerous.

Lip of he Afeorn

Level Two, Gnosis 6

This carved and covered cup is said to be made of
Unicorn horn. The truth of this is unknown. These
cups are handed down in a few of the old European
septs of the Children; one such is in Switzerland. A
healing spirit must enter this fetish.

System: Any substance causing harm is neutral-
ized when poured into this cup. With a Gnosis roll
against the Intelligence + Science of the poisoner, the
holder of the cup can even recognize the type of poison
by the changes in the cup's shimmer or color. If the
holder botches, the cup will crack and be ruined.

MET: Any harmful substance poured into the
cup becomes neutralized. With a Static Gnosis Chal-
lenge (difficulty six Traits), the holder may recog-
nize the type of poison. Losing the challenge results
in the cup cracking.

Ntiror of Prhvcet
Level Three, Gnosis 7

Children of Gaia

aii

|


This precious treasure is a mirror of bronze with two
faces. It was created by the Golden Heart Sept in the time
of Christine de Pisan, and serves as a corrective to the
vanity of earthly rulers. When the mirror's user holds up
one face, anyone looking into the mirror sees the worst
thing that she has ever done, or the worst thing that is true
about herself, and cannot deny or escape this. The other
face brings knowledge about the best in oneself. The
Storyteller should invent uses for this mirror.

Comforter of the Archtfedf
Level Three, Gnosis 5
This is a bedquilt made from scraps of old clothes

and embroidered with ancient Garou designs. A Jaggling

of the powerful spirit called the Architect of Sleep is
stitched into the quilt. Any Garou sleeping in the quilt
may pass one of her Abilities to a packmate. Before
going to sleep, she speaks to the packmate about the

Ability (a "bedtime story"), and then while she is truly

asleep the packmate will possess the Ability in question.

To activate the fetish, Garou makes a Wits +
Expression roll, with the difficulty being the
packmate's Willpower, and spends a Gnosis point. If
the situation is stressful, the Storyteller may force the
sleeper to make a Willpower roll against her own
Willpower to fall asleep. The Ability can be one that
the packmate does not have, but cannot be one
totally alien to the recipient; for instance, a human
cannot be lent Primal-Urge.

MET: The Garou makes a Static Mental Challenge
against his packmate's Willpower and spends a Gnosis.
With success, the Garou may pass one Ability to his
packmate, who possesses it while the Garou sleeps be-
neath the quilt. Only one Garou may sleep beneath the
quilt at a time, and only one Ability may be passed on.
This lasts for as long as the Garou sleeps, or one session.
Ygrlm Sveoff

Level Three, Gnosis 7

This staff supports pilgrims (either Garou or Kin)
as they trek from place to place on great peace pilgrim-
ages. The Brighton Caern was the first to bear such
staves in the modern world, although the Children
carried them long ago. When the pilgrim begins his
journey, the staff is a simple wooden or bamboo stick,
with a spirit of travel bound within.

The pilgrim must walk from caern to caern across
the land. At each caern that the pilgrim visits, speak-
ing out for peace and gathering followers, artisans
among the Kinfolk carve the caern's symbols into the
staff and attach ribbons, banners, and so on with the
caern's colors and signs. (Caerns may choose not to
participate). When the pilgrim finally arrives at his
goal, he will have one extra die to use in peacemaking


. cumini em er UaLD. WN Cane CURAND A SSF AL Vr AAA Fa SER

rolls (of any sort) for each caern represented; these
extra dice last for one day per caern represented. Some
such pilgrims have wandered for years; Janine Olive-
Branches, an elderly Garou from France, has walked
for four decades collecting caern tokens against the
War of the Apocalypse...

MET: With each caern that participates in the
Pilgrim's Staff, the Garou who bears it gains one free
retest to use during peace negotiations. The retests are
represented as a pool; only one retest may be used in a
single challenge, and the second result must stand.

Unbroken Cord

Level Four, Gnosis 6

This appears to be a length of hemp cord knotted
and braided into elaborate patterns. Lengths vary, but
there will usually be enough to make necklaces, belts,
etc., for a pack. A unity-spirit (such as the spirit of a
flock of birds) is bound into it.

When the pack leader wishes, she may spend 1
Gnosis and share one of her abilities, such as a Gift or
skill, with any pack member. She can only share with
as many pack members as she has current Gnosis. One
use for this is to share skills or abilities; another is to aid
pack members by giving them the leader's Rage or
Gnosis. The effects last for one scene.

MET: The pack leader spends one Gnosis and may
share a single Ability or Gift with her pack. No pack
member can receive a Gift that is higher than her
ability to perform (for example, a Garou who can only
perform Basic Gifts may not use an Advanced Gift).
This effect lasts for one scene.

Cheha of Ronenaf?

Level Six, Gnosis 8

This mystic chalice of gold appeared to Garret
Faithful and his warriors as they sat at meat before
going to the Amazon. It is known to have appeared
from time to time throughout the Children's legends.
Some say it held Mother Gaia's tears when she wept for
her children, the five slain Garou pups who founded
the tribe. Others claim that it was the cup sought by
Arthur's knights. Its powers are certain. Only one such
chalice has ever existed.

One new moon in three, the chalice fills with
seawater. Anyone who drinks this primeval salt-
water falls into a deep sleep wherein they have a
vision of Gaia.

This vision is different each time but always con-
tains the sorrow of a mother for her fallen children and
the renewal of life with the morning. These are the
memories of Gaia, but also relate to the dreamer's own
life and work.

80 Children of Gaia

a a ee eeilmmicmcmie

ee A Ae

On waking, the dreamer is cured of all diseases or
wounds.

Talent
The Finef Dravygbt

This powerful potion is made by ritemasters who
are also herbalists. Portia Tucker, Child of Gaia and
survivor of the Civil War, was one of the last who knew
how to make it. Its ingredients include wolfsbane and
heart's ease as well as alcohol. When consumed, the
drinker can Change only once more before it takes
effect, and thereafter cannot shapeshift ever again.
She remains Garou in all ways, including rites and
Gifts, but is trapped in one form till death. Uses for this
drug vary. Septs have used it as a punishment for
breakers of the Litany, but some older Children of Gaia
have used it as a form of retirement (or suicide) after a
lifetime of service. As the drinker cannot shapeshift
for any reason (even if Gnosis drops to zero), some take
it, enter Crinos and go to death in battle. Metis have
even used it to ensure that they will not break the Veil
by sleeping or dying to reveal their Crinos form.

New eps Ditfigorerments

© Scaly Skin: You are covered with scales in
your Crinos and Hispo form; in Homid, Glabro and
Lupus, the scales are limited to small patches on
your back, shoulders and hips. Your Appearance is
lowered by 1, and other Garou dome like looking at
you. However, reptilian shapés may actually

urement are prone to sf
of long ago; the reasofi is t

ocial penalty
or fur-bearing

omid form, your ears
's of Mule may actually
otem, but other Garou
t, the mark of prey rather

consider you favored by thé

find your ears a repulsive tf

than a predator. ie)
MET: Gain the Ne

ative Social Trait Repulsive,
and wear a tag to indica

e your deformity.
Naw Skie


Indeed, Asoka the Beloved wishes all beings non-

injury, balance and restraint, even toward the offensive.
And this is the best conquest, Conquest by the Way
— Edict of Asoka, 250 BC

Nedbaflon

Allright, then," William Great Wings said with some
relief, "these are the final terms?"

"Yes," growled the massive Get on one side of the stone
table. "We will withdraw our packs from this territory, and
not cross this boundary again without permission, so long
as we are not further provoked."

"And we," growled the Wendigo on the other side,
"will pay ten Bane Arrows and one Baneskin ‘wergild' as
our... apology for the... unfortunate death of your tribes-
man, and harry your packs no more."

"Good," said William. "That sounds quite fair. Gaia
blesses the both of you for your wisdom."

You are skilled in conflict resolution and "talking
things out." Whether or not you have renounced
violence, you are able to practice alternatives to it.
This is a difficult skill for Garou to learn, and some Kin
learn it as a matter of course.

° You kept your siblings from fighting over the
prize from the Grain Flakes box.

ee You manage to talk you and your pals out of

bar fights on a regular basis.

Your pack works together well because you

keep the peace.

Diplomat behind the scenes at moots.

@eeee Youcould reconcile a Get toa Black Spiral —
not that you'd want to.
bhaklos — The Why of the Digff

The whir of wood through the air died down as
Melanie gave the staff one final spin, brought it to an
immediate standstill before her chest, then saluted her
opponent. In return, he shook his head, stood up with
some difficulty, and bowed to her before melting back
from the Glabro into Homid.

"Point taken," he grimaced, feeling at his jaw. "All
right, all right, I'll quit nagging the elders to give me
Thousand-Songs' klaive. A fetish weapon's nothing with-
out skill." His grin widened. "But youknow, younever told
me whether your staff s a fetish or not." He eyed the length
of rosewood appraisingly.

Melanie sighed and shook her head.

The quarter staff (or bo, if you prefer) is one of the
most simple yet profound weapons known. It is noth-
ing more than a pole with no sharp edges or points, yet
its use relies on all the fundamental techniques for all
major weapons. Additionally, although the staff incor-
porates these techniques, it does not inherit their

la cai

Same sare rs areca en rey Nes ame

Chapter Three: Green and Fallen Leaves

deadly force. In this sense, it is the perfect weapon for
the Children of Gaia as it allows for a widely varied
range of fighting options but focuses on the immobili-
zation and disabling of opponents.

While the word Iskakku is Sumerian in origin, it
by no means should be thought that this style of
fighting is a Sumerian martial arts form. Rather, it is
the accumulation of generations of Children fighting
lore, a mishmash of various fighting styles and tech-
niques that all utilize either the staff or some other
similar pole weapon. The names used for this style are
meant to reflect upon the Sumerian hero, Harsag
Zalazalag — "Peak Which Emits the Brilliance." A
Garou who was conscripted into the army of Kish, he
refused to use the war axes assigned to him by his
commander. Instead, he broke the blade off a long-
hafted ax and chose the simple pole as his weapon.
The commander, as punishment, forced him to de-
fend himself with his makeshift staff as five other ax-
wielding solders were set upon him. He defeated
them all, taking no lives, and was allowed to keep his
staff. Many consider him the forebear of this style in
spirit only, since most of the maneuvers cannot be
traced back as far as Sumeria.

The art has practitioners among both Garou and
Kin, and masters are not jealous of their art, unlike
Kailindorani. With the departure of the Stargazers, the
adepts of Iskakku have attracted more attention, as
tutelage in Kailindo, never easy to find, has become
nearly unobtainable. Anyone can find a staff easily,
although many masters have a favorite bamboo grove
where they cut them. (Bamboo is light, strong, costs
nothing, and does not harm the bamboo plant when
it's cut, as bamboo is a form of grass and not a tree).
Some bamboo groves near caerns have awakened
spirits and allow a +1 to dice pools for the user of a staff
from their canes. Garou must propitiate the spirit by
tending the grove carefully and preventing harm to the
plants. Many masters of Iskakku dedicate or adapt the
staff so that it grows to fit the huge paws of the Crinos
shape and disappears in Hispo and Lupus.

The style itself has no official path, but certain
maneuvers are only possible once a certain amount of
skill is attained. In game terms, each maneuver has a
requirement in dots of Iskakku that must be attained
before the maneuver may be attempted. Alternatively,
a Child of Gaia who has four or more dots in Melee and
specializes in the staff may use the maneuvers as if she
had her Melee skill minus two in Iskakku.

° Novice: Youcan use a staff to attack or defend.
ee Practiced: You know the basics of disabling
your opponents.

81
mania


eee Competent: Youarea flurry of blows and blocks.

eeee Expert: Shaolin monksstand up and take notice.

eeeee Master: You're almost more dangerous in
Homid with a staff than in Crinos with your
teeth and claws.

Kktakky Vaneyvors

¢ Attack and Block: You may substitute your
Iskakku skill for Melee when using a staff in combat.

°° Mahasu Qatu (Hand Smite): When being
attacked by someone using another melee weapon, the
character may opt to make a parry that also doubles as
an attempt to dislocate the attacker's wrist. This not
only knocks the oncoming attack away, but also po-
tentially disables his opponent. The defender makes
an Iskakku + Dex roll (difficulty 8). If the number of
successes exceeds the attacker's successes, then the
attack is not only successfully deflected, but the
attacker's wrist becomes dislocated and he may no
longer use that hand until he heals (the equivalent of
healing a level of bashing damage).

Roll: Dex + IskakkuDifficulty: 8

Damage: Special Actions: Special

¢¢ Tammabukku Istu Kur (Dragon emerges from
mountain): Asa sudden departure from the usual series
of swings, the character suddenly thrusts the staff

82 Children of Gaia

EL LE IS ET TT IT,

forward as he would normally a spear. This blow is
aimed at the face and may not be attempted more than
once in a row.

Roll: Dex + Iskakku Difficulty: Normal

Damage: +2 Dice Actions: |

ee Tabalu Kur (Take away the land): With a
sweep of the staff, the attacker may attempt to trip his
opponent, forcing him to the ground. The attacker
rolls Dex + Iskakku (difficulty 8) while the defender
tesists with Dex + Athletics (difficulty 7). If the
attacker has more successes, then the defender falls.
Otherwise he remains standing.

Roll: Dex + IskakkuDifficulty: 8

Damage: Special Actions: |

© ¢ Isten Kima Ummanate (One as an army): The
staff can be wielded in such a way that both ends may
be used to attack in quick succession. When using the
technique, the character splits his attack dice in half,
using the first (and larger if not an even split) pool for
his initial attack and the second pool for another
attack. While these attacks aren't as threatening as full
swing, it tends to force the opponent to defend himself
from the flurry of blows just to avoid being hit. All
damage done with these attacks is one die less.

Roll: Dex + IskakkuDifficulty: Normal


Damage: -1 Die Actions: |

eeee Sepu Istu An (Foot from heaven): The
character uses his staff to vault himself through the air
and deliver a powerful kick to his opponent. The
attacker first must have a little running room, and then
roll his Strength + Athletics (difficulty 5) to deter-
mine if he can vault far enough to his opponent. The
distance vaulted is up to 8 feet per success. Upon
landing, he rolls Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 7) to
deliver a powerful kick to his opponent. Regular com-
bat rules apply to this attack.

Roll: Dex + Brawl Difficulty: 7

Damage: Str +3 Actions: 2

eee Sepsu Sepu (Powerful Foot): In addition
tothe extraattack allowed by Isten Kima Ummanate,
the character may now divide his attack dice into
three pools and use the third for a kick. Using all
three blows is usually reserved for fighting lots of
untrained combatants.

eeeee Adannu Lukur Daku (Appointed time of
the enemy's demise): The master of Iskakku often ends
the fight before it really begins. He stands in wait for his
opponent's first attack; he parries with one end of the
staff while moving past his opponent and then delivers
a powerful blow to the back of the head with the other
end. If stuck with precision, the blow to the cerebellum
is enough to knock nearly anyone unconscious. The
defender must first make a successful parry (difficulty
7) and then make a Dex + Iskakku roll (difficulty 8) to
attack. If successful, the damage dealt is not applied as
health levels of damage but is compared to the
opponent's Stamina. If the damage is greater than his
Stamina, the opponent is rendered unconscious. This
imaginary damage cannot be soaked.

Roll: Dex + IskakkuDifficulty: 8

Damage: Normal Actions: 2

MET: Iskakku must be bought as a separate, nor-
mal Ability. Those who have Melee with a specializa-
tion in Staff may substitute their Melee Ability (minus
two levels) for Iskakku during retests. No martial art
may be used during frenzy — the mind is too over-
wrought with Rage to think clearly enough for martial
arts of any kind.

Each maneuver is marked by how many levels of
Iskakku the Garou must learn before she can attempt
the maneuver. These maneuvers are gained when she
purchases the next level of Iskakku.

One Trait Attack and Block: You may substi-
tute your Iskakku skill for Melee when using a staff in
combat.

Two Traits Mahasu Qatu (Hand Smite): With a
successful Physical Challenge (retest with Iskakku),
you may dislocate your attacker's wrist (equivalent of
one level of bashing damage). Until the damage is
healed, that hand may not be used in combat.

Two Traits Tammabukku Istu Kur (Dragon
Emerges from Mountain): With a successful Physical
Challenge (retest Iskakku), once per combat, you may
thrust your staff at your opponent's face. The attack
inflicts two levels of bashing damage.

Two Traits Tabalu Kur (Take Away the Land):
By sweeping your staff, you can knock your opponent
to the ground. Engage your opponent in a Static
Physical Challenge against seven Traits (in the event
of ties, compare your Iskakku score to his Athletics).
With success, your opponent must fall to the ground.
Getting back on his feet follows normal combat rules.

Four Traits Sepu Istu An (Foot from Heaven):
This maneuver requires two actions to perform. You
use your staff to vault yourself through the air, deliver-
ing a powerful kick to your target. You must first have
running room, then make a Physical Challenge (retest
Athletics) to make the vault. On landing, a second
Physical Challenge (retest Brawl) is necessary to in-
flict the damage (which may be bashing or lethal
depending on your form and Storyteller discretion).

Five Traits Adannu Lukur Daku (Appointed
Time of the Enemy's Demise): This maneuver requires
two actions. With your enemy's first attack, make a
challenge to parry the blow. With success, you may
make a Physical Challenge (retest Iskakku) to attack.
Success on your attack challenge allows you to strike
the opponent on the back of the head with your staff,
knocking them unconscious for the next three rounds.

Chapter Three: Green and Fallen Leaves 83

—

meme

|


A living planet is a much more complex metaphor for deity
than just a bigger Father, with a bigger fist. If an omniscient, all-
powerful Dad ignores your prayers, it's taken personally. Hear
only silence long enough, and you start wondering about his
power. His fairness. His very existence.

But if a World-Mother doesn't reply, Her excuse is simple.
She never claimed conceited omnipotence. She has countless
others clinging to her apron strings, including myriad species
unable to speak for themselves. To Her elder offspring She says
— go raid the fridge. Go play outside. Go get a job.

Or better yet, lend me ahand! I have no time for idle whining.

— David Brin, Glory Season

The Children of Gaia, like most tribes, are united
by a common ideology. And like most tribes, that
common ideology — in this case, a longing for the
elusive goal of "peace" — in no way ensures that any
two Children will see eye-to-eye on the best way of
achieving their goals. Most Children stress the impor-
tance of mediation between warring factions — but
fight the hordes of the Wyrm with claws, teeth and
whatever else it takes. Some offer quarter to enemies
that seem repentant, willing to take the risk of betrayal
in the hopes of redeeming a soul that all others would
consider lost. Others believe the only peace they can
grant the Fallen is the peace of the grave. The Children
of Gaia must blend the ideals of Unicorn — chivalry,

mercy and peace — with their duty to Gaia — to act as
Her claws. It's not an easy task.

The following Children of Gaia exemplify not only
the tribal ideals, but also the tribe's diversity. Some are
wise beyond their years, blessed with an insight they put
to good use in their struggle; others are all too guilty of
the mistakes and failings that plague all the Garou.
Some are (or will be) the pride of the tribe; others,
regrettably, showcase the weak points in the culture that
Unicorn's children have built for themselves. All of
them, starting templates and legendary heroes alike, are
representative of all interesting Children of Gaia every-
where — far from saints, but nonetheless still somehow
tied to the ideals of Unicorn, whether they like it or not.

Chapter Four: Flowers and Seeds 85

ne


AA"
tg
Contrary & Cuoenour >

Quote: Hey, stupid, that light is green! Name: Breed: Metis Pack Name:
wt = Player: Pack Totem:
Prelude: Your metis birth was a source of confusion and J Chronicle: ¢ Concept: Contrary
pain to you from the start. At least your mother triedtokeep 4 A Ait lhitfat mmmmnenrnnmeAit
: Physio Me
you —a thankless task, to say the least, further complicated Serength e0000' Churisns een Rae eens
: : Deve 0000 Manipulation Intelligence
by her duties away from the sept. Your mind, Mom told you, Sumnina ieeo00: Amounts seco Wei —seese
was darkened, and fits of madness take you now and again. It errr SL MNiiflat mmm
; a Toons
made childhood... difficult. Alerts BOGS) jac cpeonn (00000
| ie ; , 90000 Cr (00000 ‘e000
Your First Change was during a fit; you don't Dre 0000 90000
sigue 000 2000
even remember it, can't recall whether you became Firearms__ 00000 #0000
Lasdentil (00000 00000
wolf or human. Intimidation___ Melee 00000 0000
Primal-Urge___ @@000 Performance. #8000 08000
With that Saecrwie — 20000 . (0000 e000
2 Subterfuge. 0000 @0000 00000
Meas
Ladigroved: oft (
Eetish _ @0000 Create Element ee
Qpen Seal as
i =
90000 Persuasion SS
00000 - =a
A fh PZ |
Rrvewn a Rage Health
Glory Beuised o
CCC occ coe COSSOCCCOO LL 1 oa
QQQQR000000 9990000000 injured 19 d
Honor ACinatly mmm outed 5 b
0000000000
aaaagagagsa 880900000 iw 5 a
aage @a00000000 _ Inapecinn:
@000000000 Nilponirm——mtie —— Trike Naahoayy
QGSGGGGREE Soecccecos WEAK VE
1Aet——é gqogggg0000 ON DELIRIUM CHART

Ka I

your mother surrendered you to the other metis of the
sept. They became your new family, introducing you to
& your auspice duties and the rites of Mule. You hope to
\ do both them and your mother proud by being the best
SX Ragabash that you can be, fits of madness or no.
Concept: You exemplify the No-Moon as
contrary and questioner of the ways — perhaps a
little too much. At moots you recite a strange kind of
inverted Litany, insisting that strangers should be
allowed to walk into caerns unannounced and that Garou
should have sex with each other! When the backward
interpretation of the Litany is helpful, you are there to say
it was the truth all along. When it isn't — well, that
makes the Philodox look good, right?

Roleplaying Notes: You're contrary, but not as a
joke; you legitimately believe that playing devil's advo-
cate is a good and necessary part of any important deci-
sion. Tell stories in a reversed way so as to highlight the
cruelty and prejudice of Garou (and human). When you
creatively misinterpret things that you see or that people say
and do, allow them to misinterpret you and your ideas: fair
is fair. Act contrary about half the time, and refuse to be
predictable; always keep them thinking about what you're

saying. Anyone can laugh at you, but they should feel
a little bit uneasy at the same time. No one save
yourself really knows when you're mad (or do you?).

Equipment: Staff, army surplus hand-me-downs,
battered lunchbox full of trail mix and luncheon meat


|

ledonktt

Quote: Let's party!

Prelude: You were born toa wealthy Kinfolk family and
raised to aspire to high standards of living. Unlike most
other homids, you were carefully groomed to the ideals of
tribal culture (even if they didn't tell you about the tribe
itself until much later). The peace and love stuff was pretty
good, but what you really liked was the permissive attitude
toward lovemaking and altered states of consciousness. Your
teenage years were quite a ride.

It went kind of sideways with your First Change. It was
the first time you'd actually hurt someone — it didn't help
that the guy died. But your folks gota great lawyer to help out
the sept's efforts to cover things up, and you were never
implicated. What's more, the fact that he was a high-school
bully made it difficult for you to feel all that guilty about the
event. You spent the learning period between your First
Change and your Rite of Passage studying during the day and
partying at night, learning the Bacchanalian side of tribal
ritual. To this date, you've been able to keep yourself from
thinking about your dead tormentor's face.

Concept: You're a high school stoner turned appren-
tice ritemaster, expert in the ritual use of teacher plants,
drugs and alcohol. You like having a good time: drink,
weed, sex and dancing. The spirits do too, so why com-
plain? Some spirits like to possess you in return for giving
you knowledge or using their powers while they are embod-

|

Player: Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: onist

merry fhifas enter oviaeal
ni?

Phytioal, JSoeia/

Name:

ENN

e000. Percepeion

Serength__
i

00000 @0000

e000

Computer 0000

00000 000
00000
3000

e000
@0000
00000
00000

e000
00000
00000
____00000

Nerwetwne 00000

Subtecfuge

00000

—e0000 Survival
A, Adomosaget Somnceeicmmeceair"
Conta ts ___eeooo Smello Man .
in ol @eooco Sense _yrm
Resour es eeeoo Resist Pain =
Rites eeeeo _cightene Senses = i
00000

Glory
0000000000
99999990900

onor
eoo000000000
909090000009

Wisdom
@@eeo000000
B4999090909090
«Rank a

e@e00000000
9000000000

Aline) ———a-

@e@eo00000000
9000000000
A pener a
e@eee000000
9000000000

cococoo
w=

incapacitated

—— Tribal Weaknatt

ON DELIRIUM CHART

ied in you. Of course, while they are around, they want to
sample the pleasures of mortal existence, and you have no
trouble obliging.

Roleplaying Notes: This life is a trip, but you are
beginning to see some problems. Heavy drug use is damaging
your health and creating some frightening lapses in your
memory, and shapeshifting no longer gets rid of the afteref-
fects as quickly as it
once did. In addi-
tion, the spirits
are no longer as
easily satisfied, §
and some of
them are de-
manding things
that you don't
really want to
do, You
aren't really
certain what
to do about
this, and you're
becoming
more and
ner-
vous about
the situation.

more

You need to get
control soon, but you
don't know if you'll
have the strength to
do it.
Equipment:
condoms, halfa dozen
secret stashes, spare set
of "party" clothes

AA"

Garber

a
Kp CucoanGuer

go9900900000

WITNESSES AT +4
ON DELIRIUM CHART

Quote: Fate is not always fair, but she's real. Now, pick Name: Breed: omi Pack Name: [3
he high l Player: Auspice: Philo o Pack Totem: A
a number, high or low. Chronicle: Camp: Concept: ambler
Prelude: You were an avid game-player even as a kid, 4 WA At rhhiijfap mmmmeemrrnmmemnticlonet
: hatha Social Mandl,
loving any chance to beat someone else, any way to win. Serenath, 0000 Churisma___e@000 eens
5 . Dexterity @@000 Manipulation e000 —eee00
Youcouldn't explain the strange itch Sramina @e000 Appearance e000 Wis eeeeo
within you, but friendly com- mrcmrmmervm GM i fifa marermmrerrsencemt Le
Telonts soins to Sooner
5 eed nimal Ken 00000 Computer" 80000
petition Crufts 00000 Enigmas ee000
= Dive e000
seemed Dodge Eriquete #0000
Empathy Firearm (00000 — 00000
Expression Leadership @0000 00000
Intimidation, @@000 00000 90000
Primal-Urge. 00000 @@000 Polite #28000
5 00000 (00000 Ritu (00000
S ooo S - (00000 Science 0000
- AA Af canfag at memmcmrnamemntien!
mow Gf ope
ooo = Trutho aia
00000 _am__eapon
(00000 a
- 00000 etna
(fhe 2
Rowonn a Rage Heabth
Glory Bruised a
Cov0000000 %&% 99999000 pe 1a
Bo00000000 8890000000 injured ar)
Honor lines ——a Nove 5 Lb
e@ee0000000 re) 5
BoaSagagaga 8899000000 cams 5a
Wisdom goaQ00000000 incepacitased bad
o000000000 Mifpens Omi lhe NM tthe
, ao000000000 CCTOCOS WEAK VEIL

16 Rank —<—_—<_—<~
Ly

to salve it somewhat. How often you lost and how much wasn't
important. This tended to get you into trouble; your increasing involvement with
gambling as a teenager scared your parents. One day, gang members came looking
for their money, and you discovered that you were a lot tougher in a fight than you
had thought.

The Children of Gaia took you in, explaining what you'd been all along and
how youcould find satisfaction by coming to terms with your nature. You're pretty
reluctant to take up your duties as a judge, but you understand some things: nature
is a random entity, and so chance is exactly as important as you always thought.

When they told you about spirits that fed on addictions, even gambling addictions,
you were outright frightened. But the importance of gamecraft to the Garou was
pure relief — now your skills have more meaning than ever before.

Concept: You're a recovering gambling addict who's trying to learn the
purer ideas behind games of chance and skill. Your risk addiction is satisfied by
the thrill of Garou deeds, and you are much in demand for gamecraft at moots.
Your fascination with all the arts of the game makes you a model arbitrator for
challenges of that sort, although you like staredown and combat challenges
much less. Games of chance are your specialty, although you're learning that
games of pure mental acumen such as chess and go are a much better test of
wits; but card games, matching luck with cleverness and people skills, are
your favorite.

Roleplaying Notes: Research the odds before a confrontation; you
don't want to lose. Act cool and secretive, hiding any advantage that
you may have. Strive to develop relationships with various spirits of
chance and learn more spirit lore, but always try to become even better
at your chosen profession of master of the game.

|

Equipment: Nice set of civilian clothes, sporty
BMW, unmarked cards and unweighted dice, library of
books on games (Hoyle's, etc.)


Jehence €fycafor

Quote: Here, class: see how the wolf's foot is adapted
to run on forest floors...

Prelude: You were one of the lucky ones. Your
parents were Kinfolk, and they coaxed you to live with
your growing Rage and taught you the precepts of
Gaian life. Sometimes a relative from the tribe came to
visit, doing what little they could to prepare you for
your destiny. Your Change came during a hiking trip in
the north woods, with no one seriously hurt. When
your tribe came to pick you up, you weren't frightened
— you were thrilled.

One of the Children took you under her wing, and
did her best to make sure that you got the college
education you were looking for. Without her constant
intervention, using her Gifts to reduce your Rage, you
might not have made it through. Although the gib-
bous moon fills you with too much anger to become a
full-time teacher, you've found an interesting
alternative — traveling from school to
school, educating children between
your duties to the sept. ‘4,

Concept: You work as a sci-
ence educator, going from school Yi
to school and explaining nature

%,
"

Ex Cucoaent un, e i

AN
Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Breed: omi Pack Name:
Auspice: alliar Pack Totem: A
Camp: Concept: S ien e E u ator
Y
4 nasomaemrvmeiine"
4 WA Atprlbupat
Phy JSoekaf Munfaf
Strength. __@@000 Charisma___@@@eo Perception,
Dexterity D0 Ma = 0000 _ Intelligence__
Sema @e@000 Appearance @e000 Wis
mwnmrrmmer cee A ALA ii fifjg p mamemancemrvvamemmntlie!
Talend bile An
Alertness, 00000 Animal Ken. _@0000 Computer.
Athlenics, 00000 = Crafts 00000 — Enigmas__
@0000 Drive. 00000 Investigation
00000 Enquette_______00000
——e0000 Firearms 00000
@@000 Leadership. 0000
00000 Melee__ 00000 ‘00000
Primal. Urge. @0000 — Performance. 28000 @0000
Streetwise. 00000 — Stealth. 00000 @0000
Subterfuge__ 00000 — Survival___ _.e0000 OO
arma A Apap faigat mmmmcmn ramet
Gift fe
Hlies oooo §=Smello Man ___ —_—
—enst Spee he ee
Salo Rage
== 0000 Sense _ yrm — =
—_______ 00000 Sento the TrueForm _
ES 2
we 1 camer. Lan
Renown Rage Hanis
Glory Bruised Q
ee00000000 9990900000 7, 1 a
Qo00000000 9900000000 injured 1a
nell Wounded a
oo Mauled a
ag ¢99°9000000 Crippled a
oo00Q000009 Incapacitated a
oo0 WN poner———a- —— Tribal Weaknast
OGOO0G0000 6900600000 WEAK VEIL

«Aeé——é- QQQ0000000

Shem sense er reseren Prey aE Ne me

in a Gaian way, slipping in an environmental message
and using wolf Kin as teaching partners when you can.
You also use these presentations as a chance to use your
Gifts to smell for Wyrm-taint or lost cubs in each
school — there's no more important battleground, in
your mind.

Roleplaying Notes: You enjoy teaching like noth-
ing else. Telling stories about the natural
world, about wolf packs or other
animals, watching your audience
learn before your eyes — it's ex-
hilarating. Yourelish the chance
to teach Garou lore when you q
can; you'd love to someday have \
a Garou cub of your own. You
know a lot of Garou tales, but
want to learn more of the Silver
Record. Luckily

your work

OO | amt

allows you to travel,
besides providing in-
come. If you have a
fault, it's that your
idyllic upbringing
has somewhat
sheltered you
from the pain
and blood of
your people's |
war — but who
knows what the
future will
bring?
Equipment:
Work khakis, library
of educational and
nature videos, com-
pound of exotic
animals


Mar-Diancor

Quote: (turn, turn, kick, turn, somersault, full stop and bow)
Prelude: You grew upa pup in the forests of Canada, and were
separated from your mother and littermates by the rest of the
pack before you were fully grown. You wouldn't have made
it if a kindly person hadn't taken you in as a pet. However,
your growing Rage began to alienate your new neighbors just as
it had alienated your pack. Soon your person wound up stranding
you by the side of a forest road as a merciful way of getting rid of you.
Once again, you were on your own — but this time, Black Spiral
Dancers trolling the woods in search of "new blood" found you.
The Dancers got more than they bargained for; your First
Change took them by surprise. Their desire to take you alive
hampered them, and you killed two, much to their fury. They
would surly have overpowered you with experience
and numbers if it hadn't been for the intervention of
the pack that was chasing them. The pack took you
back to a sept, where a wise Child of Gaia taught
you to harness your Rage through physical exer-
tion. When it came time for your Rite of Pas-
sage, you honored him by petitioning to enter
his tribe.

Concept: You're an Ahroun who chan-
nels your Rage through physical exercise, dance in
particular. As one of the few remaining lupus in the tribe, you provide
auseful point of view in moots. You want to become a better warrior but
recognize that dancing is a valuable outlet for you. Your intense interest
in martial arts, especially Iskakku, led to a similar interest in dance, and

Name: Breed: upus Pack Name: b
Player: Auspice: hroun Pack Totem: 7
‘hronicle: Camp: Concept: ar an er
WI 6 Air hhisfal ammmemrramnelet
Physhenl Social Montel
at 00000 Charisma, @@000 Perception. ee000
©0000 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @@000
Appearance 20000 Win. _.@@000
ini a GOA f/f vatsea temas,
Kiron
Animal Ken @@000 Computer. ven caus
Coa (00000 Enigmas 8000
Dnve_ __0000% Investige 00000
Enquete (00000 Law 00000
Empathy_ Firearms, 90000 _Linguatico_ (0000
Expression. Leadership. 00000  Medicine__ _.€0000
Intimidation Melee e000 ¢ 20000
Primal-Urge. Performance__ eee00 00000
Streetwise, 00000 = Stealth. 20000
you spend some time with a dance Subeerfuge ©0000 Sur ‘itunes
; a WA Advanpagat
‘ troupe in a large city. Your undocu- ora ‘ pes Ue (
mented status as an "immigrant" may Mentor __eeooo
é Rites (©0000
= cause problems at some point, as you Totem e000
, ae OOOO,
have no identification at all. sau e000 |
Roleplaying Notes: Life as a sometimes-human is inter- a anstor a
esting, and you would probably not go back to a life as a simple eco ee ooo eo0000 — Sed _ a
wolf even if you had the chance. Speak little, do rather than gggagaqgaa GnSoSeanse° bed a of |
jonor ——$"Gan —_— baie is |
say, and be at your most eloquent as a dancer. Savor combat as ©000000000 ecececavcoo ee, 2 2 L
a) : C Qa000g0g00 x
a chance to express your warrior's soul through the medium of Fe 29 googggg0g0 — Ireapeciated a
‘ hexte]s 0000000000 Wowie a
merciful discipline. J oooagaasaa ~ a —
ty Equipment: Iskakku staff, exercise outfit 1 —— ie ——* Qo00000000
va
90 Children of Gaia


Loaceneators

Lore-JSpeaker Cron

According to the Children of Gaia's Galliards,
Lore-Speaker Gron, a hermaphroditic metis, was the
Philodox whose impassioned speeches convinced the
Garou Nation (who were still one tribe at least in
name) to end the Impergium. His-her long association
with the stonecarvers and poets of the Balkan settle-
ment called Lepinski Vir by later archaeologists had
convinced him-her that endless killing was preventing
humans from achieving a culture which could create
art and beauty while remaining in harmony with Gaia.

Gron's pack, natives of present-day Anatolia, trav-
eled across the Mother's face for decades making
political alliances and earning favors through their
works of peace; the resulting goodwill ensured that the
motion passed in an Allmoot. The ill-will that the pro-
Impergium faction bore toward Gron and the pro-
peace faction ended in the division of the Garou
Nation between the Fangs and the Children of Gaia,
with the Fianna migrating to the northwest to pursue
a life of their own. Gron's own family died ina series of
attempts to murder him-her. Sadly, Gron died in the
struggles over Catal Huyuk, said to be the first city to
arise after the Impergium's end; he was said to have

ee

been slain by vampires who wanted the city for their
own feasting ground. The pursuit of peace is neither
easy nor safe.

rkifive de Paar

Alas, and if it has to be that wars and battles are begun
for many reasons and quarrels, then they should also be
avoided and shunned by better and more valid reasons , and
peace should be sought.

— Christine de Pisan

Gaian ideals were not popular in the Middle Ages
of the World of Darkness, when the most zealous and
intolerant leaders of the Christian faith shouted down
their more moderate brethren and led the crusade
against heresies, real and perceived. It was, among
other things, a poor time to be a woman. Women
mostly kept to their assigned place as wives and moth-
ers, aiding husbands in daily work but getting little or
no thanks or praise in return.

Christine de Pisan, a Kinfolk woman associated
with the Coeur d'Or (Golden Heart) sept of central
France, was different. Widowed young, she turned to
writing and produced some volumes of love poetry for
anoble patron, writing under her own name. The good
reception that her tales of virtue and desire received
led her to go further. Inspired by her acquaintance with
the Black Furies, but wishing that their savagery could

RS


2 ere ea ESSERE SEF CIS SAAPSAAGG A nr SO i Kama ereuewla)

a Aaa

be softened by Gaia's love, she wrote of aCity of Ladies,
in which women could accomplish all things for them-
selves without the need of male "supervision." On an
Umbral journey with a Child of Gaia ally, which she
recounted in a tale, she confronted the spirits of
wealth, philosophy, beauty and wisdom to find out
which spirit was the most powerful in the Tellurian.
Her books on peace praised as bravest of all he who
seeks an end to war and slaughter, reproving the
knights for their bloodlust and cruelty. She repri-
manded even the Queen of France for failing to take
her husband to task for his war-making, urging all
noble ladies to use their high position for good ends.
When her influential books won her audiences with
the rich and powerful, she used the powers of Gaia to
seek peace and justice.

Christine de Pisan was the first woman in all
history to support herself by writing, and is honored to
this day by the Children for her ideals of peace and
equal rights for women. Many Gaians as well as Black
Furies claim her as a spiritual and even physical ances-
tor. Far ahead of her time, her books inspired many
modern Children of Gaia to work, write and speak for
peace and justice. Some lament that no one listened to
her words, while others remain in awe of her boldness
in speaking at all.

Raymond Love-Of The-Coddar

Raymond Hawkins was born in 1770 in the En-
glish village of Woolegrave. Son of a Kinfolk school-
teacher and his "mad" Garou wife, he grew up loving
the countryside and his parent's charity work among
the swarming poor. His First Change took place as he
wandered the woods alone, and his parents rejoiced.
He went to college on a scholarship and was ordained
in a small sect, the Forest Brethren, which combined
Christianity with Gaian teaching. The sect's members
were mostly Garou and Kin. When the English began
to send prisoners to Australia, Raymond volunteered
to accompany the Fleet as a chaplain. He then sailed
in the prison ship preaching of Gaia's love for all.

Upon arrival, Raymond was appalled to hear the
reports that the Bunyip of legend dwelt in the new
land, along with even stranger reptile-shifters. The
Silver Fang Earl Blaze of Uffington, the self-appointed
leader of the Garou migration to Australia, vowed to
proceed with colonization despite this news. How
could these long-forgotten "lesser races" save Gaia?
The land belonged to those who could use it best.

Raymond protested endlessly for better treatment
for the convicts and natives, and was particularly
outspoken against Earl Blaze's desire to take caerns
from the native shifters if need be. As punishment for

9;

—

his defiance, Blaze sentenced him to Norfolk Island,
the grim prison-within-a-prison for convicts who com-
mitted heinous crimes on Australian soil. The holy
man welcomed this fate; as he said, "Who needs me
more than they? And they may listen." He worked side
by side with the rapists and murderers for many years;
eventually Raymond was released and died in the
Hunter River Valley, seeing the Children established
on Australian soil.

Kh Secburight

Kin are accorded more honor among the Children
than among any other Garou tribe, but Elihu Barrett
was a great man in his own right. A blacksmith by
trade, he was born into a family of Children and Kin
attached to a caern in upstate New York. He taught
himself French, Spanish, German, Russian, Arabic,
Chinese and Hindi, and despite his poverty, worked
through letters and personal visits to bring together
peace workers, human and Garou, in Europe and
North America. His League of Brotherhood was the
only Garou organization working for peace through-
out the nineteenth century.

Barrett never envied his Garou sister, who died
on a dangerous mission to the Shadow Lords' court

Children of Gaia

einen

y


to fight serfdom. He supported himself everywhere
he went by his own hands, teaching anyone who
wished to learn the craft of blacksmithing, urging
all workers "to believe that they are worth more for
producing food for man and beast than for feeding
with their own flesh and blood the hungry mouths
of mortar and cannon on fields of human slaugh-
ter." He sired two Garou children and died an
elderly man, saddened that so many Garou had
died in World War I. His family continues his
heritage of handwork and peacework to this day
and his name still turns heads among the Children
and the Bone Gnawers.

Carret Satthfe

The Amazon has been a place of testing for
many Garou. For the Children of Gaia, it was a
challenge in more ways than one. Should they send
warriors, reinforcing the Garou Nation's blood lust?
Or should they try to make peace, acknowledging

a ey' ?
Pentex's gains in the jungle?

Garret was born to Kin in a small Oregon town
where the Children had a caern on the site of his
parents' commune. Descended from Gaian hero Will
Everard of the seventeenth century, he grew up roam-

SN Ns ee

ing the mountains and woods of the Northwest, read-
ing Howard Pyle's King Arthur yarns, and hearing the
tales of the Children from his Garou aunt. He became
a fierce peacemaker, vowing that Gaia's Children
would never again be broken as they had been on St.
George's Hill, helping other Garou to settle tribal
differences without violence or at least without slaugh-
ter. A band of younger Children of Gaia began to
follow him from caern to caern. Like Garret, they
pledged to wage war only against the aggressors and to
spare noncombatants, seeking peace when they could.

When the Amazon War broke out, the Knights of
Gaia's Hand (as they were called) joined at once, and
the mysterious Chalice of Renewal came to aid them.
As the war progressed, Gaia's Hand gained more and
more renown. Garret's near-supernatural faith in the
Mother amazed them, and stories of his miracles soon
spread. Trees walking, rivers running uphill and fatal
wounds healed were only the start.

At present Garret is troubled by his own success.
He leads a group of packs that have been consis-
tently winning battles, but the War is not over, and
he worries that he is simply feeding the Wyrm's
heart with violence. Peace would be more difficult,
and perhaps it is time to begin putting his talents to
use in a different fashion.


bb Looking lau

Edith Kanyuck was born to a Kin family in New
York State and studied with Pearl-of-the-River, the
Gaian sage. After working with Asian refugees in New
York City, she meditated on the human suffering in
Southeast Asia. Gaia spoke to Edith and told her to
witness the deeds of the Wyrm in flesh there, to be a
mirror showing the horror and cruelty to all. The
young woman moved to San Francisco and began
human rights work, eventually founding Project Vajra
("thunderbolt"), which she continues to head.

Project Vajra is one of the few groups sanctioned
by the Garou Nation to regularly visit Asia. The
organization sends Garou-only teams (with Kin sup-
port groups) into China, Burma-Myanmar, Vietnam,
Laos and Thailand, seeking human rights abuses, infil-
trating Chinese slave-labor camps, traveling with her-
mits, rebels and aboriginal tribes. They have made
brief contact with Asia's shapeshifters, who have ap-
parently given them sanction to continue their opera-
tions as long as they don't try to take any actual
territory for themselves.

Edith has personally gone ten times into the
region and emerged with thousands of pages of docu-
mentation, photos, video and human stories. She
seeks to document cruelty and open human evil to

the light of day, to "speak truth to power." The
United Nations commission on human rights has
heard her group testify several times but has done
nothing. Several governments have forbidden her
presence (knowing her by name) and even sent
soldiers or police after her; her rejection of violence
as a means, however, has not guaranteed the safety of
those sent to keep her from her task.

at Plavoc

In the modern age, the Children certainly have
their work cut out for them; so many other Garou pay
little attention to the tribe's successes, and judge the
Children primarily by their failures. Faced with the
obstacle of all-too-common disdain, more than one
Child takes up the mantle of ambassador to other
septs, attempting to better the tribe's reputation by
providing more mediation, spiritual power and, as
necessary, physical might to the septs who might be
in need. Of these ambassadors, one of the most
prominent is Cries Havoc.

Cries, due to his metis birth, was steeped in
Unicorn's philosophy since learning to speak. Con-
versely, he never went beyond his caern's bawn until
his Rite of Passage. As he grew to adulthood, the
young metis thus grew very well educated in the
spiritual, cultural and philosophical aspects of Garou
life, but was almost completely without practical
knowledge of the world outside his sept. Nonetheless,
he strove to prove himself worthy of becoming an
ambassador and mediator, in service to the rest of the
Nation rather than exclusively to his sept. The name
"Cries Havoc" he earned after his Rite of Passage —
it indicates his tendency to speak of the Apocalypse's
horrors in order to stress the importance of intertribal
and intersept cooperation, as well as his willingness
to go to war for the sake of a treaty or caern defense.
Already, he is fairly well known amongst other tribes,
as the distinctive ram-horned metis who appears at
the doorstep of a caern in peril and offers what he can
in the name of brotherhood.

Unfortunately, the greatest obstacle Cries Havoc
faces in his efforts to strike accords between tribes is
his own metis nature. Although mentally and physi-
cally sound, Cries cannot easily move among hu-
man society, thanks to the very obvious ram's horns
that mark all his forms. This causes no end of
difficulty when visiting urban septs or trying to show
respect for urban tribes by meeting them on their
own ground. Although he knows better than to feel
guilty for his own nature, Cries nonetheless is no
stranger to metis pain — and he does his best to keep
from resenting the people who judge him by his
horns rather than his words.

94 Children of Gaia

_ aa

ter //_

|


Image: Cries Havoc has just passed 30, and is in
excellent health. In Homid form, he has longish
brown hair and a full brown beard; he tends to wear
simple tunics and breeches of Garou make. In Crinos
form, he carries himself with great grace. In all his
forms, a pair of ram's horns spirals from his temples,
making him impossible to mistake for anything other
than a metis. He speaks softly and with conviction,
although a faint air of melancholy tends to settle
around him from time to time.

Roleplaying Notes: Your life is frustration —
frustration at having so few people listen to your
proposals, frustration at having so many Garou reject
you for your "impure" parentage, frustration at being
unable to set down your burden and walk among
humans or wolves even for a day. You never truly feel
welcome at any sept; it seems sometimes that people
would rather listen to a white boy calling himself
Wendigo or a scruffy Fianna Ragabash than you. If not
for the guiding influence of the half-moon, you might
have given upa long time ago; and in your most cynical
moments, you can't help but wonder if anyone would
care if you did. But you weren't raised to give up; that's
not why Unicorn accepted you. So you keep working
to call the others together, to show them how alike all
Garou are at heart, and you latch on to even the

Sdenrsamsrumvamewasare.rewendNen ane

smallest success as the hope that you dearly need.
There's really no time left for anything else.

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Philodox

Rank: 3

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 3,
Expression 2, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 1, Sub-
terfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 2, Etiquette 3, Leader-
ship 1, Melee 2, Performance 1, Stealth 1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas |, Investigation 1, Law 4 (Garou
law), Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 2,
Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Ancestors 1, Contacts 1, Mentor 2
Rage: 3; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 6

Gifts: (1) Create Element, Mother's Touch, Resist
Pain, Sense Wyrm, Truth of Gaia; (2) Call to Duty,
Luna's Armor, Strength of Purpose; (3) Spirit Friend
Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Gather-
ing for the Departed, Rite of Summoning

Fetishes: Cries Havoc carries a fetish staff, with a
spirit of justice bound within. The staff inflicts aggra-
vated damage to creatures of the Wyrm, including
vampires, lethal damage to other supernaturals not of
the Wyrm, and bashing damage to ordinary humans
and Gaian Garou.

Suweel "The Skin Plalgbt

bi

IZ
wr

Possibly the most famous Kinsman of the Garou to
have ever existed, Haight is a fascinating example of
unrestrained ambition. Sonand brother to full-blooded
Children of Gaia, he longed to be Garou himself — an
obsession that would consume his soul.

In the course of his life, Samuel Haight managed
to commit a sequence of atrocities so dire that he
became a dark legend among the Garou he had come
to hate. He associated with vampires, ranking mem-
bers of Pentex, and worse on his quest to find some way
to become Garou himself. Unfortunately, he found it.
A demented cult in India proved to be the last possess-
ors of the Ritual of Sacred Rebirth — a ritual that
would allow a human Kinfolk that "gathered" five
Garou skins to become a "true" werewolf.

It was during this hunt that the legend of "the
Skinner" was born. Werewolves became all too famil-
iar with tales of this vicious Kinfolk that hunted his
own relatives with silver knives, taking their skins for

sy)

——

=p

———— ai
—_

|

his own. Through guile, treachery and sheer determi-
nation, Haight finished his twisted quest, and per-
formed the Wyrmish ritual successfully. The Kinfolk
called the Skinner was gone; but the first of the Skin
Dancers had been born.

Haight continued on his killing spree even after
achieving his goal of becoming Garou. He spread word
of the Rite of Sacred Rebirth among other disaffected
Kin, and collected more skins on his own to initiate his
own closest associates into his new "tribe." He was
sighted in the Dark Umbra and the Amazon, wresting
more mystical knowledge from each location to boost
his own power. He plotted with Black Spiral Dancers,
and carried a mighty fetish staff said to contain the soul
of a potent sorcerer — and all that sorcerer's powers.
Up until the end, nothing seemed capable of quench-
ing his lust for more and more power.

Finally, Haight's ambition was the end of him. His
last attempt to add to his own power was a trip to
Mexico City, where he sought out the fabled resting
place ofa millennia-old vampire, hoping that adraught
of its blood would grant him immortality on top of his
already remarkable prowess. But when he opened the
thing's tomb, it woke. It took all of Haight's stolen
power to stave the ancient monster off, and even that
proved ultimately futile — his magical staff exploded,

causing a conflagration that apparently consumed
both Haight and vampire alike.

The final fate of Samuel Haight was largely un-
known to the Garou Nation until the wraith-haunted
Silent Strider, Mephi Faster-than-Death, returned from
a trip to the Underworld with news of the Skinner.
According to the Strider, Haight's soul was "in no
shape to return to the physical world, much less escape
its torment — ever." Although the news that the
Skinner himself will never return is a great relief to the
Nation — and to the Children of Gaia in particular —
his legacy nonetheless lives on, in the form of the
bastard would-be "tribe" he left behind. While the
Skin Dancers continue to encourage Kin to murder
their Garou parents, siblings and spouses in a bid for
power, no werewolf is safe.

eee

Seattle, December 3, 1999

The crowd laughed in triumph as the WTO del-
egates made their announcement. They were leaving;
the organization that Joné called "Pentex on Parade"
shut down by Turtles and Teamsters. "And the People!"
Joné shouted, the crowd cheering her. Ringer felt like
he was flying. They said we couldn't do this. Nonvio-
lent force against the world's biggest governments, the
world's richest and most Wyrm-riddled organizations.
Kids with skateboards and banners, and we won!

The pack exchanged backslaps and high-fives
with high-school environment clubs, Sisters for
Sustainability, SaneFreeze members in antinuke T-
shirts, Catholic priests protesting Endron's murders in
Nigeria, and Kinfolk from a dozen Gaian organiza-
tions. The crowd filled the whole block in front of the
William Walker Hotel.

A band was playing a Baka Beyond tune that
Ringer vaguely recognized, and a Choctaw dance
troupe in baggy shorts, t-shirts and feathered head-
pieces was celebrating victory.

Suddenly the noise of shouts broke in. "Cops!
Look out!" Why now?, Ringer wondered for a moment,
then struggled to keep his balance as two women ran
by him and into him in panic. His back ached from
kidneys trying to expel the tear gas.

The dancers fled, the band trying to carry their
drums and didgeridoos. The crowd was breaking up,
screams of fright as the cops showed up with shields
and clubs to impose "order." Behind faceplates they
looked fiercely pleased to be doing their job, angry
after the rioters had destroyed so much and attacked so
many people. Hack was nowhere in sight. Police ve-
hicles moved into the ends of the block, voices blaring
from loudspeakers. "Secure the area. Secure the area."
Damn, Ringer thought, this is looking bad. A Kins-

‘

96 Children of Gaia

Ae ee


man, Mike, was down from tear gas and Ringer was
trying to wash his eyes when he felt a cop grab him —
don't Rage!, he barely remembered in time — and
shove him onto the ground. Next to him another cop
was beating a skater kid, the boy's screams unheeded.
Rage, and they'll all die. The cop screamed at him, spit
falling on his neck, his turned head. Pain dislocated his
world for a moment as the cop struck him on the arm.
Gaia, this is hard, images of dismemberment, bowels on
the street, the dying faces of foes and himself howling
triumph — don't! The asphalt ground into his face, his
teeth. "Fuckin' anarchists!" The man pummeled him
on the side of the head, dazing him. Gaia, this is hard.
The baton hit him again, again, again, shoulders, back,
once hard across his ass. One cop or two? He didn't
know, mind awash in red.

He heard, not close, a wolf call, whose he didn't
know. Gaia, this is — and his mind was lost in the
Change, roaring like surf all through him. He was
Glabro, big and tall enough for anyone's fantasies of
super-manhood, the cop falling as he stood, time faster
so that everyone seemed to stand still, claws flashing
out as Rage shifted him to Crinos —no! no! He saw, he
thought, cops and rioters alike fleeing, some of them
lying in the street, some madly running into buildings.
The protestor with the camcorder twisted away, the
ready light out. The cops who'd hit him stood silent,
unable to fight or even think in the face of Gaia's
Chosen. His arm lifted for a deathblow (no way a
human could survive even one strike from him now)
and saw the knotted cord that had stayed with him as
he Changed. Thoughts, faster even than his claws,
raced across his mind. The cord—unity—packmates—
the Children—Hack—peace—Hack.

Peace. Mandy's knowledge, Joné's hate of vio-
lence, Rich's iron willpower, his partner's love. The
cord that no one could break, the connection that
made them all one, all something greater than any one
of them was alone. In a moment that lasted forever, he
lowered his claw, willed — it was like pushing a
Chevy— to Change back to the man he was, and
would always be. Shirt and jeans torn, even though
they were dedicated, he took the horror-blasted, para-
lyzed cop in his hands, pushed him gently to a curb,
made him sit down. He saw that his own hands and
arms were covered in spray paint, a huge splatter of
paintball paint along his side. Blood but no marks, no
scars. The Change had eaten Ringer's wounds, an-
other evil blessing. The policeman, mouth open in
shock, dropped his baton. It's okay, Ringer wanted to
say. | won't hurt you, dude. But the words didn't come.
That was okay.

It was an Ahroun's way to be silent.

eee

Chapter Four: Flowers and Seeds

Ringer made it to the alley before throwing up. He
sat there a long time before Hack came, wolf-shaped,
and nosed into his chest, licking Ringer's face. They
waited till Ringer had stopped crying and his stomach
was quiet, then walked through quieting streets to
where their packmates waited.

Qohogye

Sunset Sea Caern, California, January 2000

The caern rang with the songs of the ritual, as
Summer watched from a director's chair. Rich's father
walked, danced, in a strange backward circle, spiraling
outward from a face sandpainted at the circle's center.
He then lay dazed-looking as the ritemaster, Silence-
Covering-the-Sky, placed wafers of bread over his
forehead and heart. She was a woman with red hair and
freckles on her back, where her dress showed a curve of
sunburn. "Into these, then, pass thy sins, and into who
eats of them. May thy soul ascend to the sky, tossing on
a fiery chariot..."

Rich sat uneasily by Mason, fidgeting from time to
time. He'd said to Ringer earlier, "They don't know if
this will work... they asked me if ] even wanted to try.
I said, sure. Go ahead. I mean, the worst that can
happen is he stays like he is. Like he's been, for
however long, since he fell, I guess. And it might, you
know, work." Seattle had. The WTO hadn't met, and
Pentex was that much further behind schedule. He'd
even read a net-essay that mentioned the "giant
wolfman puppets" that were seen during the protests,
"awfully realistic, moving like a real person."

"What about the guy who eats the shit? He become

* a Black Spiral?"

"Not really. She just has to do a rite of cleansing,
they think. She heard that there was a case where this
actually worked. So she said she'd try it." The big man
looked at the ground.

"You okay, dude?" Ringer punched Rich in the arm.

"Yeah. I think. I don't know... if anything he says
is true, maybe I don't want this to work. But we have
to try. Gaia, if we can bring one Black Spiral back...."
He left unspoken the rest: make the Earth whole, heal
the Fallen. More work than any one Garou, any one
tribe, could do, would do. But it was the work that
would restore the Mother.

The pack joined in the chanting, hoping. Eventu-
ally you came to the point, whatever you did, wherever
you were, when that was all you could do. Gathers-
Flinders bowed over the prostrate shape, ate the wa-
fers, shuddering to swallow them with the flask of
water that had rested between the werewolf's legs.
Spasms wracked her body, and Mandy helped her sit
down. They spoke, too soft for anyone to hear.

iz

mam

pe en ee i cr I Nr


ee

Ringer sat in the circle at the rite and bowed his
head, praying silently for the best end to it all, how-
ever, whoever.

The (hopefully) no-longer Black Spiral lay in the
circle, probably unconscious. When he woke — who
knows? Ringer thought. Anything could happen.

Ringer woke, a moment's where-am-I resolving
into yeah at the feel of his partner beside him. Early
morning, sun through windows that Joné had likely
opened en route to coffee. Hack slept on, blissful. He
stretched, got up, and felt the past in the weight of his
body on the floorboards. No pain, no scars: in that,
Garou were more peaceful with themselves than hu-
mans could ever be. Into the kitchen in his Dalmatian-
print boxers, he found dishes in the sink — the others
had been and gone, maybe watched the sun rise over
the forest. There was, of course, coffee on top of the
stove. Beyond the window the bamboo waved in the
wind, undulating like the sea.

He sat with a cup on the back steps, wondering
whether Woodstock and Seattle had done any good in
asick, dying world. Saving a girl froma mob, protesting
the Wyrm's hell-body of corporations, dancing while
species went extinct, chanting over a Black Spiral to
save him, or yourself...

Of course it had done good. He couldn't stop the
Apocalypse. But he could live his life, each day of his
life, for good, not for ill. For good, not for gain. No
matter where you were, you could serve Gaia, and he'd
seen that himself. Thanks, Soldier-of-Paradise. What
next?

I can go to Asia... or home. Or wherever. Where the
pack goes. That's where I belong. They need me, I know
that. I—

Need them. Wind stroked him, raised gooseflesh.

He stood, stretched, stepped back inside the little
house to where Hack lay. Behind him, he saw a fleck
of green-gold fall, land in the coffee, sink. Grain? It had
the shape of an ear of wheat. He stooped and looked.

It was a bamboo flower.

98 Children of Gaia

ee

|

Peace ata Theme to Werewoff
by Ohad, Swbrogue

In a game populated with Rage-filled killing ma-
chines like the Garou, the concept of using peace as a
theme for a chronicle shouldn't be that foreign. Just as
you must have dark in order for there to be light, peace
must exist for there to be violence. More than just
being the downtime between ripping the Wyrm's
spleen out on Thursdays, the study and examination of
exactly what peace is can further strengthen the mean-
ing behind all the violence. After all, what do the
Garou expect to have when all the violence is done, on
the longshot assumption that they "win"? Chances are
they don't know since the exact nature of peace is
always being debated; the Children of Gaia are good at
the whole debate thing and engage in it enthusiasti-
cally. A chronicle that intends to focus on peace
should also be something of an ongoing debate with
many questions asked.

To begin with, what is Peace? Not just the literal
definition, but what is the ideal, really? This is the big
one and could drive an entire chronicle all by itself. Is
it simply the absence of violence? Is it a personal state
(inner peace) or a condition for society (civil peace),
or the way of things among nations (peace in the usual
sense of the "peace process" or "peace movements")? Is
there some deeper spiritual requirement for true peace
to be achieved? Opinions are varied and conflicting.
This could be quite an epic subject for a pack to tackle;
while it may seem a little formulaic, the notion of a
pack traveling about and asking everyone they meet
about the meaning of peace has the ring of legend to it.
The very fact that they never get the same answer
twice would be enough that songs would be sung about
them for generations.

On a more practical level is the excellent ex-
ample of the conflict of interest between the homid
vision of Weaver-peace and the lupus Wyld-vision.
The characters of a story could bring an end to the
bloody practices of a lupus sept leader only to find
that they have caused further violence by stifling a
natural balance that had existed for years. One person's
peace may be another's prison. When Children of
Gaia get caught between two sides that only want
"peace," what are they to do? The coming of the
Apocalypse presents a third and most terrible alter-
native: that the final peace will be that of the Wyrm,
the peace of total annihilation.

The example above also raises another good ques-
tion; exactly who has the right to enforce peace? Is

neat

Chapter Four: Flowers and Seeds

even enforcing peace an oxymoron? Medieval feudal
lords maintained their personal "peace," (the origin of
the charge of "disturbing the peace," a legal concept
still in use) but their right to do so was backed by the
not so peaceful concept of "might is right." Or was that
concept peaceful after all? Look at the Balkans, where
"peacekeeping forces" are at work. By what means or
what right do they keep the peace? Is it even possible
to create a lasting peace among humans? Do people,
deep down, really want it? There are many sides to the
arguments here, and a pack thrown into the middle
will find itself faced with some hard choices, as long as
they aren't already on one side or the other.

Of course, even assuming that anyone thinks
they know what peace is, exactly how are they
meant to achieve it? The real question here is
whether peace should be a means or an end. Is a
peace bought with war tarnished by the blood spilt
to purchase it? Or is peace so important that its long-
term attainment should be sought at any cost? Many
Children of Gaia esteem peace as a sacred thing
unto itself and the thought of anything but self-
perpetuating peace is repugnant to them. They refuse
all violence. A few others believe in the "break an
egg to make an omelet" philosophy. Most view
peace as an eternal struggle that lies somewhere in
the middle. An egg eventually breaks, after all,
when the chick hatches. While the "do anything for
peace" crowd may be fairly easy for a pack to dismiss,
the ones who worship peace could lay serious guilt
trips on anyone who tries to dissuade them to do
otherwise. Legendary martyrs are born of this mold,
ones that can drive the characters to greatness (or at
least a good deal of introspection.)

Perhaps the Get of Fenris would speak the most
difficult question about peace that could be asked;
"Why bother?" For many, the end of struggle is beyond
imagining; certainly for the Garou, who cannot imag-
ine life without the Rage within their hearts. One of
the most time-honored plots dealing with this subject
is the soldier who doesn't know anything but war and
therefore fears peace. Often he is depicted as sabotag-
ing the peace process just to keep the war going. This
aspect could be employed by a Storyteller to cover the
entire Garou nation; the werewolves have known
nothing but war and the ever-impending Apocalypse.
Perhaps the reason the Wyrm has grown so strong is
because the Garou secretly fear what will become of
them once Gaia no longer needs their Rage? As either
a massive conspiracy or just the unconscious desires of
a collective Garou psyche, this could be a world-
shaking development for a chronicle.

99
i

|

Remember that the search for peace isn't just for — the War of the Apocalypse raging, the idea that there
the Children of Gaia. Only the most war-obsessed — may be something better to be had once all the strife is
Garou doesn't contemplate what life after victory over. Of course, peace is a never-ending struggle, but

would be like. In many ways it's this search that keeps __ people can dream, can't they?

DLDebcaftion

To Christopher John Goodgion and Jim Hoeft, soldiers of paradise.

Auftord Spectal T harks

Thanks again to the clutch — oh, I mean the pack: Chad, Mike, Meegan, Dean, Neal and Steph. Thanks
to Chad, Neal and Steph for doing good research.

Thanks to Mark for being my inspiration for peace, and to Ursula K. Le Guin for seeing a world where
peace was real.

Last, thanks to my students and friends aboard the USS MITSCHER.
Authori Afervord

This book is fantasy, and werewolves are imaginary creatures. But the causes that the Children of Gaia
fight for are real, and so are the people, in our world, who work for them. Like the World of Darkness, our
own world is in serious trouble. It does not have the Garou to defend it. But it has you and me. Issues I've
worked on include women's reproductive rights, gay civil rights, recycling, organic gardening and farming,
and police brutality. There are many other worthwhile causes, and I'd urge you to consider working for or
donating to them.

Thanks.

100 Children of Gaia

_—_ ano aer ey,

|

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
4 ee
Phytton/ Jochaf, Nena,
Strength, @0000~ Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity @0000_ = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina. @0000 = Appearance @0000 =O Wits @0000
Alertness 00000 Animal Ken OO0000 Computer 00000
Athletics 00000 — Crafts 00000 _ Enigmas 00000
Brawl. 00000 Drive 00000 Investigation. 00000
Dodge 00000 Etiquette____ 90000 =Law____—SF/—7/C/|[I[00
Empathy 00000 Firearms OOOOO Linguistics 00000
Expression 00000 Leadership 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation 00000 Melee 00000 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 Performance 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise OO0O0O0O © Stealth 00000 | Rituals 00000
Subterfuge 00000 © Survival OQOOOO _ Science 00000
a 24 Advantages wmacmrvcmemlow"
Backgrounds life Gilet
OO0O00O0
OOO00O0
OO000O0
OOO00O
—_—SSSSCOFsFsFSFW OO/OOD.
——— Renown i Rage ~ Peaffe
Glory Bruised QO
(@) O0000000
0000000000 ° Hurt -l QO
boagoo8000 F899 00000  injuwed 1 0
Honor — Z oo : .
0000000000 aure °
O000000000 i 5
p000000000 a :
Wisdom NOO0O0O00000 MEAPaeLlace
9000000000 — SU LON} ammmemow The Weaknett—<
NQOOOOOO0000 0000000000 WEAK VEIL:

WITNESSES AT +4
<a Rank OQO00000000 ON DELIRIUM CHART

———

/ maa


kp Cucvanloure>,

—- Hhor/f, Glabto Witl¢—~ Piisho Lupus
4 Strength(+2) mY Strength (43)___—s Strength (+1)____
Stamina (+2)___—s- Dexterity (+1)___ Dexterity(+2)__—S»- Dexterity (+2)___
cas Appearance (-1) __- Stamina (+3)__. —s- Stamima (+3) Stamina (+2)
Manipulation (-2)___  Appearanee 0 Manipulation(-3), Manipulation (-3)___
Manipulation(-3)_ +1 DietoBiteDamage -2 Perception Diff.
Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6
INCITE DELIRTUM
HUMANS
ee mre Faptihas ae ee
00000. Item: Level Gnosis
OOO00O Power:
OOOO0O Item: Level Gnosis.
OO0000 Power:
OOO0O0O Item: Level. Gnosis
OO0000 Power:
OOOO0O Item: Level Gnosis
OOO0O0O0 Power:
00000 Rhy
OOO00O0
00000 \
oo000N
OO000O0
ooooo |
OOO0O0O0
OO00O0
OO0O00O0
OOO00O0
Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage | Range| Rate | Clip —— =—
Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 Strength+1/A
. Body Tackle Dex+Brawl 7 — Special/B
Claw Dex+Brawl 6 — Strength+1/A
Grapple  Dex+Brawl 6 — Strength/B
Kick Dex+Brawl 7 Strength+1/B
Punch Dex+Brawl 6 — Strength/B
A=Aggravated Damage
B=Bashing Damage aN
Ati0r:

ee NN

Nature: Demeanor:
Nerf Type Cot = Flaw Type Bonus

— tanded Background ae ae

Abou Nrenfor

Ancelfort Pure Breed,
Confacht Racyrcet
Nn STITT aw A. Ckperlenie wamemnamumlor
Gear (Carried): TOTALS __-

Gained From:

Equipment (Owned):

Name: :

Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:
Level: Type: SpentOn:
Totem:

Leader:

eee eee nine

ae
RS
Age:
Hair:
Eyes:
Race:
Nationality
Sex:
Height | Weight
Homid:
Glabro: Ethie Stars:
Crinos:
Hispo:
Lupus: Nehht Deformity:
AA
PTL EAD CA A
lack Chart Vitwalt Character me |


For a Mother's Love . °

Since the birth.of thé"tribes themselves, the Children‘ of Gaiath: ave
suffered under the heaviest burden ever laid on any werewolf — the'strugele
to end not just the War of the Apocalypse, but war itself. But caer elt %
the blessings of Gaia, this is no easy task — the Children must fight not:,
only to sway others to their cause,"but they must struggle: against the"
violence that beats Within their own hearts. For the sake of the world; they
must succeed. For their.own sakes, they must be ready to die trying.

‘Born to War; Chosen for Healing G4

Tribebook: C Hildrern of Gaiatakes a long' look: at the peacemakers ‘of
the Garou Nation, from'the mediators of the Patient Deed to the militant.
warriors of the Imminent Strike: From the end of the Impergium% to, the"
End Times, from ‘the freely shared gifts of healing to the tribe's dark secrets,
it'sall here. The longest, hardest struggle of all awaits — can your character

Pont

shoulder the burden of bringing peace toa world that doesn' t want it?,
Moi ¢

"ere ses ee 5 eI yn PR ESR Ne. ee enone

EREWOLF

HAPOCALYPSE

$3

"
£7)

Bory 7]
FS

e Misird-s Lge tale cv

www.white-wolf.com
ISBN 1-58846-303-6
WW3853 $14.95 US.

Scanned by

PRINTED IN USA enti
