# File: Children of the Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

ee

— acalfery of characters for vampirestBe masquerade= i
* a ae Sia *

Fone

ss



Crepits
Development and Additional Material: Justin Achilli
Authors: Dierd're Brooks, Richard E. Dansky, Greg
Fountain, Robert Hatch, Jess Heinig, Stephe Herman, Mark
Moore, Clayton Oliver, Sven Skoog, Lucien Soulban, Cynthia
Summers, Stewart Wieck and Fred Yelk

Editor: Ed Hall

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Richard Thomas
Interior Art: Leif Jones and Christopher Shy
Front Cover Art: Brad Noble

Front & Back Cover Design: Ron Thompson
Proofreader: John Chambers

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Alll rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith

the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf
the Wild West, Trinity, Guide to the Camarilla, Guide
to the Sabbat, Clanbook Nosferatu and Children of
the Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. Alll characters, names, places
and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Pub-
lishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
mark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, char-
acters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment
purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN US

Ceupren oF tHe Nice

2


TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION: How To Use THis BooK 4
CHAPTER ONE: SCIONS OFTHE SABBAT 8
CHApTeER TWO: DILLARSOFTHECAMARILA 40

CHAPTER THREE: INDEPENDENTSANDINCONNU 78


"Gi,

==


This is the kind of book that gives a game developer
hives.

No two Storytellers run their Vampire games the same
way. Far too many variables exist for every game of Vampire
to share common styles. Some Storytellers offer more expe-
rience points to their players than othersdo. Some Storytellers
are far more liberal in allowing strange bloodlines and Disci-
plines to the characters than others. Some chronicles allow
horror and mystery to take a back seat to action and adven-
ture.

Which combination is correct? None of them and all of
them. In the end, Vampire is a game, and the only element
of any import is whether or not the troupe is enjoying itself.

That's all fine and good, and quite lofty. But when it
comes to a book of important characters, none of that means
adamn thing. The moment this book hits shelves — the very
second Archon Theo Bell makes his appearance in a game —
some combat-gumby twink with eight levels of Celerity and
ashotgun full of Dragonsbreath rounds is going to lay him to
waste. No sooner do you detail the Traits of a Black Hand
Seraph than some hyperactive knucklehead has his fourth-
generation vampire space-alien character with 300 dots of
Disciplines chop said Seraph to flinders with a Scottish
claymore.

Stuff like that makes designers and writers wince.

Why, then, did we decide to do this book? For two
reasons: People wanted it, and it needed to be done.

Ofcourse people wanted it. Enthusiasts of the World of
Darkness are some of the most loyal and clever fans alive.
They enjoy seeing each new book, peeling back its layers of
mystery and opening the new puzzles beneath the grim

facades. Each mystery hides two more beneath it, and players
enjoy digging them up.

As for the fact that it needed to be done, we had to look
no further than the books on our shelves. Vampire is so rich
and complex that what we thought would be a simple cross-
referencing of the characters in various books turned out to
bea Byzantine trek through the labyrinth of our back catalog.
Carlak? Who's that? When was Petrodon justicar? Why are
there two different regents named? To that end, we have
assembled the Vampire social registry. The Inner Council
has selected a new cadre of justicars, who have in turn chosen
elite archons. The Sabbat appoints new bishops and arch-
bishops nightly, much to the Camarilla princes' dismay,
while the independents scheme and plot away from the sects'
prying eyes.

This, then, is the Roll of the Damned. Look upon the
Children of the Night.

Tue Numpers BeHIND THE FACES,

How do vampires come to be? How many dots should a
Sabbat priscus have? How strong is the prince? White Wolf
has an established system for creating setting-specific Vam-
pire Storyteller characters, and we'll let you in on the secret.

The formula, such as it is, for creating a vampire of a
givenage is quite simple. For Abilities, start with the standard
battery of 7/5/3 dots and allocate two more dots for each
century of age the vampire has achieved (between all Abili-
ties, not each section). Vampires older than a few hundred
years should receive only one additional dot per century after
the first five or so — when you're that old, it's very hard to
improve your timeless body.

IntropucTION

5

Abilities should accumulate in like manner—start with
the basic 13/9/5 dots and add five dots for each century of
unlife the Kindred manages to survive. With Disciplines,
take the square root of the time the vampire has spent undead
(which again reflects the difficulty of learning new things
when one has been dead for more than a millennium) and
distribute that many dots wisely among the character's pow-
ers. Concerning Backgrounds, Virtues, Humanity (or Path)
scores and Willpower, consider the character's role in the
story. Is the character a powerful prince? Stock up on Back-
grounds. Is the character an ancient wanderer? Set her
Humanity very high or very low and add a significant Will-
power Trait. Is the character centuries old and weary with the
sins of unlife? Keep all of the aforementioned Traits low.
Elder characters who might be expected to have strings of
derangements may instead have none, as part of their back-
stories involve overcoming those dangerous mental states.
(It's also worth a mention that the act of adopting a Path of
Enlightenment may sometimes have the same effect as a
derangement, as any Path's precepts are so radically different
from the cultural norm. Who's in a more precarious mental
state: the Malkavian with blackouts or the Lasombra who
believes it acceptable to flay his ghouls and make them fight
for their skins? This is notan encouragement to players to seek
Paths instead of derangements; rather it is an indication that
characters' psyches have far greater depth than simple lists of
Traits.)

Naturally, there are exceptions to these rules of thumb.
Children of the Night contains several characters with
potential far beyond that suggested by their periods of unlife.
Some archons have spent almost all of their unlives in
vigorous training, whereas a given priscus may have devoted
centuries toward cultivatinga strong network of Backgrounds.
Certain paragons of vampiric terror may have developed a
fearsome array of Disciplines. That's just how it is.

How does this formula reconcile with the players' char-
acters' power levels? Quite easily, given abit of consideration.

First, the frenzied activities of the modern nights as
Gehenna approaches is a recent development. Whereas it
might be common now for a vampire to engage in a firefight
or other unlife-threatening activity almost weekly, most
elder vampires have led (by comparison) relatively inactive
existences. Vampires who brawl nightly in the streets and set
each other's havens on fire don't make it to elder status —
they die amid the flames or with looks of horror on their faces
as the sunlight greets them in their prison cells (explain that
to the prince, arrogant anarchs). The wise — and old —
vampire chooses his fights carefully. The static unlives that
most elder vampires lead involve fairly little commotion,
which means they garner experience slowly in game terms.

Second, elder vampires spend a good deal of time in
torpor. Whereas a young (say, 120 years old) vampire might
have learned 10 dots worth of Disciplines in a century, a
slumbering Methuselah might have learned only one. This

comparison isslightly misleading, however—the Methuselah
may have learned hiseighth level of Dominate in thatcentury,
so don't take him lightly.

Third (and finally), experience becomes harder to gain
and expend the older a vampire gets. A veteran of a hundred
sword duels (assuming he survives them all) isn't going to
learn much from those confrontations unless he continues to
fight people better than him. Little insightcan be gained from
trouncing yet another upstart, as the vampire will have little
call to test himself to his limits, which is a requisite for
improvement.

As a side note, consider the function of the Storyteller
"dot" system. Dots are geometric increases in the character's
prowess, not arithmetic increases. Five dots is maximum
human capacity for most Traits — a character with Com-
puter 5 is literally one of the most capable computer
programmers or power users in the world. Think about that
next time someone tries to justify another character with
Firearms 5 who "spent time in 'Nam as a sniper." Characters
with scores of 4 in given Traits are rare enough, and the
character with a 5 in the same Trait is far and away their
superior. Strength 5 isan Olympic weightlifter; Dexterity 5 is
a professional ballet dancer. Traits of this magnitude are
hardly appropriate for Anonymous Shotgun- Wielding Brujah
ThugNumber312. Vampires are rare. Traits above 4 are rare.
Vampires with Traits above 4 are exceedingly rare — or
they've had the time to cultivate them, which doesn't bode
well for their lessers.

BACKWARD COMPATIBILITY

Every effort has been made to preserve the:
integrity of Traits for characters who have ap-
peared in White Wolf books prior to Children of
the Night. Acting, for example, translates into
Performance (acting), while Torture has effec-
tively become Interrogation. In some cases,
however, changes had to be made.

Also, bearin mind thatsome time haselapsed
between several of these characters' debuts and
their treatment here. New Abilities, rearranged.
Disciplines, higher Attributes, etc. may show up.
Merits and Flaws have been culled altogether
where possible — these are primarily intended as
story hooks during charactercreation, and they're
optional anyway. (Developer's Note: And] hate.
them.) Finally, certain... lapses in the charac-
ters' states may haveoccurred. Such is thetoll the
Beast takes.

Vawene: THe Masquerade

6

That said, there's nothing wrong with the players' char-
acters having some significant Traits of their own — your
troupe's stories should focus on those characters, so they
should have some interesting and noteworthy characteris-
tics. Just beware letting the Traits define the character. It's
fine fora character to be among the strongest (smartest, most
gorgeous, etc.) people in the world, but there's far more to a
true character than a handful of penciled-in dots on a char-
acter sheet. Roleplaying and storytelling involve far more
than enormous dice pools and godlike powers. Find the
balance that fits your game and run with it!

Along those lines, Storytellers are encouraged to mon-
key with the numbers a bit in this book. Keeping things fresh
and surprising for the characters demands that a Storyteller
make each new piece of information her own — who cares
what we say; we don't run your game! The Traits in this book
lend themselves to the game as we see it, and if you see it
differently, more power to you.

A CAVALCADE OF MONSTERS

Before we turn the Kindred loose, we caution Storytell-
ers with one final consideration. More important than any
tule, more important than any guideline, more important
than any sense of what's "fair" is the story, and the story comes
first.

This book contains a broad selection of the world's most

noteworthy Kindred. Some are veritable gods. Others are

feeble wretches hidden behind paper tigers. Still others are
ultimately average, having attained their power through
coincidence or consequence.

This book doesn't contain all the answers, nor does it-
pretend to. When reading, think beyond the dots, and think
even beyond the Traits and backgroundsas presented. Surely,
a reason exists for the Sabbat to maintain a position of
political inferiority, even though any member of the Sera-
phim could probably "take down" any given justicar. There
must be an explanation for why the Ravnos haven't crushed
or been crushed by the Kuei-jin in India, which borders the
Middle Kingdom. That reason is the story.

Don't look for resolution to every plot thread — maybe
the resolution involves your chronicle's characters. Don't
bother "reasoning out" the outcomes of every conflict pre-
sented herein—too many x-factors exist to drawa reasonable
conclusion. The World of Darkness is a mysterious place,
and to that end, we don't want to show you Caine's Traits or
how many thaumaturgical paths the Inner Council wields.
The power of Vampire — the horror, the mystery and the
brooding sense of danger and apocalypse — lies in the
unknown. The monster we see is not so scary as the one we
don't. Let that thought be your companion as you peruse
these pages, and let it be your mantra when you play your
chronicles.

Anyway, enough babble. The vampires are assembled
within. Won't you meet them?


(\ i
vith i it fy im
Ki wilt i

=

eel

We enjoy these things; innocent voices of helpless little
children subject tothe perverted discretion of hard-core monsters

— Petr Pélensky

Freedom versus organization, will versus righteousness,
elder versus fledgling — all these struggles characterize the
Sabbat vampires, who seem united only in their hatred for
the Antediluvians and in their contempt for the kine. Even
as the Camarilla suffers the plight of inertia, the Sabbat finds
itself crippled by schisms.

A look at the sect reveals the conflicts in livid detail —
few Sabbat have spent more than 100 years as vampires, and
ones who have are often vastly older than that. Like the
Camarilla Cainites they openly deride, members of the
Sabbat nonetheless see their share of elder games and unruly
childer. Indeed, as the modern nights creep inevitably
toward Gehenna, can the Sword of Caine muster the drive
and wherewithal to stand against the night of the Ancients'
terrible return? Or have they blindly become that which
they most despise?

THe BLACK HAND

JALAN-AAJAV, SERAPH OF THE BLACK HAND

Background: In life, the Third Seraph is said to have
ridden with Temujin — he whom the Mongols later came to
know as Genghis Khan, ravager of empires, born an
ironsmith's bastard, torn from his mother's womb clutching
a clot of blood.

Even from childhood, Jalan suffered the brutalities of
life on the tundra — constant competition for standing and
sustenance, gladiatorial bodkin-bouts with rival tribesmen,

pit matches against wild dogs for scraps of meat, and all
manner of othercruelties. Ifhis clanmates had hoped to break
the youth with such torments, however, their hopes were
sorely misplaced. With every new trial, he grew stronger,
wiser and more practiced in the language of suffering; in time,
hecame into manhood, eventually earning himselfa position
as a champion and advisor to the khan himself.


Status afforded Jalan opportunities of the sort he had
only dreamed about previously; his attentions turned to the
massacre of thousands. Gifted with wealth, women and two
full score of horsemen, he and his Mongol raiders ravaged
unclaimed territories. They pressed eastward, into Asia,
where the forces of Chin and Kara Kitai fell like wheat before
the scythe, then north, across the Burkhans, where Jalan
spurred his soldiers onward into lands long laid fallow by a
Russian curse....

Only to learn that his hordes were not the only monsters
to call the frozen steppe home.

It is commonly accepted that, even after his farewell to
light, Jalan served his khan faithfully throughout the latter's
reign, then buried him in a secret place high in the Khaldun
Mountains. Temujin's general himself disappeared from his-
torical view not long thereafter, though. Doubtless, he lost
himself in Muscovite upheavals over the centuries to come,
hauntingly familiar reminders of the age-old cycle of ascen-
dancy, discord and decline. Some believe his blade rode
unsheathed alongside those that slit the throat of the Byzan-
tine Empire.

What is known is that, sometime shortly after the 15th
century's dawning, Jalan's westward wanderings brought him
into contact with another of his kind — an ancient creature
who had carefully concealed his presence during centuries of
Teutonic worship, fitful in the Sleep of Ages within a new-
born Orthodox cathedral, hidden in plain sight beneath a
riverside hamlet that bore his very name. There, astride the
banks of the wine-dark Timis in the Romanian fisherman's
village of Lugoj, the warrior first heard the tale of the
Antediluvians. There, amidst the fire-flower dance of death,
he tasted the forbidden fruit his brothers called Amaranth.
And there, kneeling in homage to the priests and sorcerers of
the manus nigrum, Jalan, onetime-terror of the East, rejoined
the great game for power at any price.

Jalan ("Aajav-Khan'" to his direct subordinates) is per-
fectly suited to the Sabbat ideals of unified force and survival
of the fittest; his soul bears the heavy black veins of countless
consumed lessers. He guides the Black Hand with his brother
Seraphim, leading the sect in times of open Jyhad with a
recklessness and savagery that inspires fear and mistrust in
enemies and allies alike.

When campaigns or other duties do not require his
presence elsewhere, Jalan maintains a loosely structured base
of operations in Juarez, Mexico — a network of safe houses,
former resistance tunnels and underworld ties supplied and
maintained (albeit reluctantly) by Regent Galbraith herself.
When his presence is required elsewhere on the North
American continent, he travels via the Regent's personal
conveyance — an armored, windowless railcar appropriated
from the United States Department of Defense's Transporta-
tion Command.

Image: Lean, swift and powerfully built, Jalan prefers
thick leathers, woolen overcoats, steel-shod boots and other

heavy garments reminiscent of the hide and horn ofa bygone
era. His hair hangs in long, matted tangles about his face;
when not hidden behind sunglasses, the feral glare with
which he regards the world burns with quiet genius — or
genocide.

Roleplaying Hints: Impulsive and irreverent, you are
like a spring wound too tightly, always scant seconds away
from violent explosion. The consummate assassin, a master
with any weapon or none at all, you have never met your
equal, which your attitude reflects well.

Despite your headstrong manner, in battle you are a
study in determination —a whirlwind, swiftand sure, leaving
devastation in your wake. Itis at the height of such moments,
however, that the familiar fury leaves your eyes, to be re-
placed by a serene calm... or perhaps an expectant sorrow.
Clan: Gangrel
Sire: Jalan has never spoken of him (her, it, them), and none
dare ask.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Monster

Generation: 5th

Embrace: The close of the 12th century (as near as anyone
can tell)

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 7, Stamina 8

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 6, Wits 7

Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 5, Brawl 7, Dodge 6, Instruc-
tion 4, Interrogation 4, Intimidation 6, Leadership 6,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Archery 4, Demolitions 3, Drive 3,
Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Meditation 3, Melee 8, Ride 5,
Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledges: Black Hand Lore 4, Camarilla Lore 5, Expert
Knowledge: Tactics 5, Investigation 4, Linguistics (too nu-
merous to list) 5, Medicine 3, Occult 4, Sabbat Lore 5
Disciplines: Animalism4, Auspex 1, Celerity7, Dominate 1,
Fortitude 7, Potence 6, Presence 2, Protean 8
Backgrounds: Allies (Black Hand) 8, Black Hand Member-
ship 5, Herd 4, Influence (terrorism) 4, Resources 5, Retainers
8, Sabbat Status 7

Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Morality: Path of the Feral Heart 6

Willpower: 9

DJUHAH, SERAPH OF THE BLACK HAND

Background: In the turmoil of the Seljuk Turks' revolu-
tion, the fortunes of individual soldiers fell with their
screaming, dying warbands. For Djuhah, a young patriot
enlisted in the uprising against the Byzantine oppressors,
death came from the fortunes of war, though not at the point
of a blade.

(Ceapeen oF tHe Nica

10


fe 1042, the Seljuk Turks rose against the Byzantine
. which endured for some time, though scattered
slowly tore pieces from it for the next several decades.
little distinguished one uprising, one battle, the fall of
17-year-old man with a broken sword.

As the ebbing tides of battle carried away the conflict,
continued to breathe outhis life, his body slashed and
with knife wounds. The late afternoon brought out

xs, who circled among the dead in search of valu-
ables, but the still-breathing survivor evaded them in a
charnel ditch by pulling the corpses of fallen comrades over
his body. The setting sun brought a different sort of predator,
one that did not overlook the unusually resilient young
warrior.

Intrigued by a mortal who survived terrible injuries and
fought to live even amid a pit of corpses, Kashan watched the
mauled man fromasafe distance, simply squatting and testing
Djuhah's responses. At first, Djuhah cursed at the old man
and ordered him away; soon, though, his fading vitality left
him able to gesture only feebly. Kashan inched ever closer,
nimbly stepping back whenever Djuhah lashed out, and
finally he came within arms' reach, grabbing Djuhah's wrist
as the dying boy stabbed again with his ruined blade — and
suffering the thrust of a weapon in Djuhah's other hand.
Startled but not terribly injured, Kashan took itupon himself

tosave this curious fighter with the unquenchable soul. A few
drops of vitae ensured Djuhah's survival, anda hurried escape
to a more sheltered locale guaranteed his recovery — and
damnation.

Atfirst, Djuhah obviously did not understand the nature
of his miraculous transformation. Faith forbade the drinking
of blood, yet this stranger had restored him to health and
vigor with it. Indeed, with the incredible strength lent by his
mentor's vitae, Djuhah found his nascent skills rapidly ex-
ceeding any expertise he had previously thought possible.
Enthralled and burning with a desire for vengeance, he
became Kashan's servitor, making routine arrangements by
day and honing his ghoulish prowess in the evenings.

As the Byzantine empire crumbled, Djuhah watched his
former foes and oppressors die, either from age or from
violence. Still, his skills at war, combined with careful train-
ing by his mentor, led him to test himself often in battle.
Indeed, as his years in service grew long, he found that only
by challenging other warriors could he satisfy his lust for risk,
violence and excitement. Encouraged by Kashan, he mas-
tered the use of many weapons and forms of warfare, along
with skills in hunting, survival and traps.

A 14-year apprenticeship as a ghoul to Kashan brought
Djuhah to the necessary edge of ability. After a journey to
Alamut, he found himself accepted and Embraced into the
clan of assassins.

Once released from his duty as a mere avlia, Djuhah
turned his attention back to warfare. Disdaining the political
gamesmanship of other Cainites, he instead sought out areas

of conflict, there to meet enemies directly on the fields of
battle when ambushes and sieges brought conflict at night.
Even this rapacity served to slake his thirst only for a short
time, and at length, he turned his depredations in the direc-
tion most common for his clan — at other vampires.
Asastalker, Djuhah wasnonpareil; he personally hunted
and dispatched at least a dozen Cainites within the period of
acentury. Like most ofhisclan, though, he did not foresee the
coming Camarilla. By the late 1300s, Djuhah had sent several
powerful Mediterranean elders to their final graves and
turned on the most thrilling game of all —his own clanmates.
This disloyal act happened only once, as he was soundly
defeated and thrashed by Izhim ur-Baal. The elder Assamite
saw too much potential to waste, though, and instead of
killing Djuhah, he disciplined him and brought him to heel.
Of course, the fledgling Camarilla of the late 1400s
destroyed Djuhah's Assamite career. When the Camarilla
Warlocks enacted their kafir ritual, Djuhah and his mentor
both separately turned their backs and joined the anarchs
who would become the nascent Sabbat. Djuhah relished the
opportunity to hunt and kill an entire sect of opponents,
especially the Tremere who'd cursed his brethren, and over
the coming centuries, he was not disappointed: He dis-
patched thaumaturgists with startling abandon, rising in the
Sabbat because of his combat skills, tactical experience and
the loyalty and discipline imparted to him by Izhim ur-Baal.
With the formation of the Sabbat as a formal organiza-
tion, Djuhah found himself in a position to manipulate and
control entire packs of howling warriors ready to engage the
Camarilla. At first, he unleashed his terrible temper in
personal combat. As the centuries of wearing conflict passed
between Camarilla and Sabbat, however, Djuhah's blood
cooled to the vagaries of personal combat, and he began to
appreciate the more cerebral pleasures of directing a strategic

Caaerer One

il

offensive. Eventually, his leadership ability and prowess
brought him to the top of the Black Hand, where he took a
position at last as the newest of the current Seraphim.

Somewhere in his past, though, Djuhah stumbled across
an opponent who must have cursed him —for in the past few
decades, he has discovered that his once-incredible physical
prowess has begun to waver at unexpected moments. Once
robust and powerful, he finds his form inexplicably suffering
a strange withering unlike that common to some elders. His
skin driesand cracks, and when he awakens in the evening his
muscles are tight with contortions. Wounds heal poorly,
leaving him with crisscrossed scars until he rises the next
night. Now, Djuhah finds that he must become a scholar as
well as a warrior, but his patience is thin, and his knowledge
limited. Without the help of Thaumaturgy or more obscure
magics, the bloodthirsty warrior may find himself falling toan
invisible foe.

Image: Dark-skinned, heavy-boned and stalwart, Djuhah
is the image of an immovable mountain. His features are
youthful, buthe hasa sparse black mustache and beard, which
complement his flashing brown eyes. Age has hollowed his
once-full face, making him appear gaunt and undernour-
ished, though his taut muscles remain powerful, even with
skin drawn tightly over them. He keeps his hair pulled back
in a braided ponytail and dresses in functional, uninspired
clothing. More recently, his strange degeneration has caused
some parts of his flesh to dry and crack, though this change is
most evident on his hands.

Roleplaying Hints: You live for conflict. Eternity bores
you, and only through challenges can you feel the fiery spark
of ecstasy in your blood once more. You have fought and
killed legions of men, contested with the Tremere and even
disputed with your own clan. You've used the Black Hand to
develop your own armies, playing on the chessboard of
Sabbat warfare for your own pleasure. Now, though, you face
an enemy that you can't fight directly, which perplexes you.
When settled and engaged in strategy, you are calm and
sometimes even pleased. When your attention is drawn to
other matters, though, especially your "disease," you become
agitated and easily enraged.

Clan: Assamite antitribu

Sire: Kashan

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1056

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Expres-
sion 1, Interrogation 4, Intimidation 4, Leadership 4,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 5,
Security 3, Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 3, Linguistics (En-
glish, Arabic, Greek, Latin) 3, Medicine 1, Occult 3, Politics
4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 5, Dominate 1, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 5, Potence 2, Presence 3, Protean 2, Quietus 5
Backgrounds: Black Hand Membership 5, Contacts 3, Gen-
eration 5, Influence 1, Resources 3, Sabbat Status 4
Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 2, Courage 5

Morality: Path of Caine 6

Willpower: 8

Derangements: Berserk, Blood sweats

Merits/ Flaws: Ambidextrous, Flesh of the Corpse

IZHIM UR-BAAL, SERAPH OF THE BLACK
Hand.

Background: Where does one begin the chronicle of a
creature who has survived entire civilizations?

Ichim was born seventh son of a Babylonian sorcerer-
king — prince over fertile province in a time when empires
had neither names nor boundaries. The monsters of that era
still walked openly among men; the boy-prince was groomed
for divinity from an early age by the Old Ones and kept alive
well beyond any mortal span by nightly infusions of godhead.
Riches and finery of every sort imaginable, tutelage in the
mundane and mystical disciplines, sovereignty over a people
who venerated him as heir to an inviolate powet —all these
things and more contributed to the fulfillment of Izhim
Thrice-Beloved's every earthly desire.

Itwasa tumultuous time, however, fraught with remind-
ers of the savagery inherent to the fledgling world.

Without warning, barbarian hordes came from the north
one night. Brutal and bloodthirsty, they sweptover the plains

(Chaupren oF tHe Nigar

like a merciless scourge, leaving only ashes to mark their
passage. Thrust into sudden eternity by his masters in the
desperate hope that some part of their legacy might survive,
Ichim heeded his father and fled into the night, the flames of
his former paradise lighting the way.

Izhim has since lived the lives of an Akkadian prophet,
a Sufi poet, a Coptic blood-god, a Persian demonologist and
a hundred others. Ultimately, ceasing his worldly wander-
ings, he returned to his homeland, where he rejoined his
distant brethren fora timeat the black citadel of Alamutuntil
the exodus of the Unfettered. He rode with the greatest of
their companies to the forgotten city of Chorazin; in time,
strengthened by forbidden tutelage and the passage of centu-
ties, he rose to rule them.

Tonight, [chim ur-Baal ("Izhim abd'Azrael" to all but a
select few) presides over the Black Hand as shakari First
Seraph from the shattered ruins of Enoch. He rarely voicesan
outright opinion, as he prefers to keep his own counsel; when
he does speak, however, even mad Elimelech and boisterous
Jalan-Aajav stop in mid-sentence to hear his words. His
exchange across the Table of Tyre with Hardestadt the Elder
has become Assamite legend. Once goaded by the diplomat's
deliberate provocations, the then-castellan quietly proffered,
"There comes a time, Ventrue, when the game plays its
players."

Recently, Izhim has ordered contingents of the Hand to
action without consent or dispensation from the other Sera-
phim; this practice is fast proving cause for division (ranging
from general distrust to overt preparations for civil war by his
onetime-protégé Djuhah). His motivations in this matter
and others remain a mystery — common accusations range
from simple lust for power to subversive agendas to
otherworldly alliances forged in his youth. But Izhim wafi
abd'Azrael ur-Baal pays his accusers no mind. He simply looks
up into the night sky and lets his timeless gaze play upon the
cold, lightless void separating the stars.

And he smiles —a subtle, fanged grimace that stops just
short of his eyes.

Image: The seraph, a small man whose stocky build
speaks not so much of bulk as solidity, has nearly every square
inch of his body covered with tattoos (antiquated Arabic
script, prehistoric Mesopotamian cuneiform, and numerous
ritual hieroglyphs and sigils unfamiliar to all but the most
erudite scholars). Although he favors ceremonial robes and
loose, flowing clothes over the form-follows-function garb
common to his clan, Izhim's lineage is apparent to the
practiced observer; his countenance is black as night (the
mark of Haqim's eldest childer) and, when he moves, he
makes no sound. Scribes of Enoch who have witnessed his
comings and goings over the centuries claim he sleeps only
once every three days.

Roleplaying Hints: Leave your contemporaries to their
carefully couched conspiracies and petty pursuits of power;

blatancy and bravado are not what have maintained your

existence throughout the millennia. Yours is an intricate
game of studied supremacy. Any alliances you make are
temporary at best, and they last no longer than necessary for
you to obtain that which you seek. When you truly require
something of importance, you do it yourself, entrusting only
minor roles to your overzealous associates. The comforts of
immortality are cold indeed, but you have proved coldersstill.
Indeed, though you have never voiced your fears to anyone,
you have begun to feel something stirring deep within your-
self —a sinister suspicion that, piece by piece, through either
the erosion of eons or otherworldly obligations long since
overdue, you are changing somehow, ceding control, losing
what you once were. To date, however, you have kept this
struggle for control completely internalized. Neither anger
nor any other emotion ever crosses your visage, only your
customary thin-lipped smile.

Clan: Assamite antitribu

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 4800 B.C. (?)

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 7, Wits 8

Talents: Alertness 7, Athletics 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Expres-
sion 4, Instruction 3, Intimidation 3, Intuition 5, Leadership
4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Archery 3, Disguise 4, Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Medi-
tation 6, Melee 5, Performance (Acting) 4, Stealth 6, Survival
3 E
Knowledges: Black Hand Lore 5, Camarilla Lore 4, Clan
Knowledge (Assamite) 5, Enigmas 6, Investigation 6, Lin-
guistics (more than space permits) 8, Medicine 3, Occult 6,
Research 5, Sabbat Lore 5, Science (alchemy) 4, Science
(chemistry) 4, Science (mathematics) 4

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity.5, Dominate 2, Fortitude 4,
Obfuscate 7, Obtenebration 2, Potence 3, Presence 2, Qui-
etus 7, Thaumaturgy 4

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 4, Path of the Ailing
Jackal (Father's Vengeance) 3, Path of Mars 3, Spirit Ma-
nipulation 3, Countermagic 1

Backgrounds: Allies 8, Black Hand Membership 5, Re-
sources 5, Retainers 5, Sabbat Status 6

Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Path of Blood 3

Willpower: 9

Canorex One


ELIMELECH THE Twice-DAMNED, SERAPH OF
THE BLACK HAND

Background: And Elimelech Naomi's husband died; and
she was left, and her two sons. Ruth 1:3 — as auspicious an
entrance into the ranks of the eternal as any.

Elimelech of Judea never knew his sire. Was he kind?
Cruel? Did he bestow the Curse of Caine upon his fledgling
as a blessing? Or a punishment? Could damnation fall upon.
the unwitting by happenstance, or did some unseen purpose
lurk behind it all? Without its head, what would become of
his household in this foreign land?

After waking to find him pale, cold and unmoving,
Naomi, wife of Elimelech, placed her husband in a shallow,
unmarked grave. Three nights hence he summoned the
strength to rise, clawing himself from the cold earth. Half-
mad and possessed of a thirst no fountain on this earth would
slake, the Judean made his way eastward in search of his
beloved family and some form of release from the abhorrent
unlife into which he had been thrust.

Elimelech's search took him months, but he found his
family — in the inland country of Moab, where his sons had
taken converted idolatresses as wives and started families of
theirown. Theshock proved toomuch forthe fledgling Cainite;
morning found Mahlonand Chilion, Elimelech'ssons, inafield
with their throats torn out. They were unwitting victims of their
father's fiendish hunger, and their deaths left Naomi, their

mother, alone again. Tears of blood coursed down Elimelech's
cheeks as he beheld the malignant harvest he had sown; he saw
his widow (who now called herself Mara— "bitter" — for "The
Almighty hath dealt very bitterly with me," she said) collect her
worldly possessions. From afar, he watched the angry confron-
tation with her inherited daughters, the heart-rending separation
that followed as Orpah remained behind, unwilling to leave the
life she had built in the Moabite village. Ruth, however,
accompanied her mother-in-law back into the desert, penniless
and pitiable.

Elimelech followed, torn between the compulsion to see
right done by his children and the shameful secret that
prevented his revealing himself to them. Over the years he
saw his wife and daughter reduced to reaping sheaves of barley
on others' estates for simple sustenance. He watched once-
beautiful Ruth, grown haggard and hunched in the fields,
betrothed toa miserly kinsman three decades her senior in an
incestuous parody of marriage. Naomi-called-Mara settled in
a household that paid her little attention face-to-face and
mocked her cruelly behind her back. Even Elimelech's lands
in Judea were divided and sold to thieves and slavers.

If my Lord wishes it thus, it must be so, Elimelech late of
Judea told himself, trying to come to terms with his unnatural
existence. He took up residence in a series of southern caves
abutting the Dead Sea and fed from cattle or sleeping wander-
ers. He continued to watch and aid his family, and their
families, to do for them what he could not for his own
children — yet always from a distance and always alone, lest

he again fall prey to the madness that had stripped his sons
from him. The Cainite condemned himself to an eternity of
solitude for his sins, and resolutely awaited his sentence.

Generations came and went, as did the passing of the
seasons to Elimelech's time-wearied eye. His immortality
gave him no immunity to tragedy's bite, however. The Judean
had word of his estranged child Orpah, by then an old woman,
being persecuted and tortured with her daughters and grand-
daughters at the hands of Moabites who had no faith in her
earlier religious conversion. He saw sickness come to the
village of Bethlehem-at-Judea, his grandson Obed dead of
plague and his wife and daughters made barren. A score of
years later, the lands of Elimelech's forefathers, along with his
kin who had not yet scattered to the four corners of the earth,
were overrun by the Philistines and forced into slavery as he
slept during the sunlit hours. Only Elimelech remained,
unchanging, undying, unable to ward off any of the cruelties
fate and God continued to mete out, unwilling to accept
whatever wrongdoing had thrust him into this Hell on Earth
or to forgive himself for the abominable crimes he had
committed decades earlier. Elimelech left the smoldering
ruins of his ancestral home and drifted aimlessly through the
new kingdoms of that early world in search of destruction,
redemption, damnation, anything.

Years later, in the valley of Ephesdammim, as a cham-
pion of Gath fell to the slung stone of a boy-king of Israel,
Elimelech found an answer. There, in the muted torchlight of
thestone-circled arena where David, great-grandson of Ruth,
slew Goliath, great-grandson of Orpah, Elimelech realized
that it would never be over—that his wasa curse from which
none could escape.

It was enough to sever the now-elder vampire's already
tenuous hold on reality. Mad Elimelech fled that place in
search of the saint or sinner who could end his unlife. He lost

(Ceaupaen oF tHe Nica

14

himself to the Beast for a span of centuries, throwing himself
to the mercy of the four winds, killing indiscriminately,
neither willing nor able to separate man from monster,
indulging in every excess his inhuman existence would allow.
He rampaged southward to the burning sands, where the
serpent-children found they had no charms to sway his savage
soul. He fled east to the unexplored wastes whose forgotten
secrets and sorcerers held no salvation for him. Elimelech
traveled west to the water's edge, where he was burned by
righteous flame and could not enter the gates of the Forbid-
den City, and finally north, where the death-seers of
Cappadocia subjected him to the torments of their grails and
grimoires. Indeed, Elimelech bled into Christ's very cup, only
to realize the treachery of foul Cainites too late. Time and
time again the Judean rose to cheat Final Death and remained
forever barred from rejoining his family, forever caught
between Heaven and Hell. And, in another mind-wrenching
moment of epiphany, the son of Nahshon wondered ifall this
—even hisname, Elimelech, "my God is king" —could have
been preordained... if he was indeed the orphaned vagabond
to Job's victor, impotent in the face of what he was becoming,
powerless even to make a difference.

Elimelech's travels ultimately threw him in league with
the Black Hand; he is too unpredictable for the Seraphim
Council to trust completely, but too old and powerful for
them to turn away. He has sampled every sliver of the world
and slain innumerable souls over the course of millennia,
during which he has been woefully conscious. To him manus
nigrum is nothing more than a means to an end, another
amusement with which to while away eternity. He plays the
faction's pathetic power games and tries to forget what he
‘once was and what he has become. In vain, he uses the Hand
to distract him from the thing he feels growing slowly inside
him, compelling him with increasing frequency, taking hold
of his very being.

Perhaps an end is imminent; perhaps some night soon that
terrible creature will rise to assume permanent control, forever
eclipsingall that isElimelech (already he has degenerated to the
point where only Cainite blood, not human, quenches his
dreadful thirst, a hypocrisy that unduly taps the Black Hand's
already-stressed resources). In the meantime, the Seraphim
accept him (tentatively) as their peer, include him in their
deliberations, hear his counsel when he ishimself, and send him
chained and screaming to his cell when he is not. And yet the
Seraphim wonder if the screams aren't really sobs. All of the
vaunted elders of the Black Hand refuse to enter a room with
Elimelech alone, for reasons that none of them discuss.

Image: Elimelech bears a kind face wholly inappropriate
to one of the most terrible vampires in the Sabbat's Black
Hand. Although his appearance is rumored to change when
he keeps his own company, Elimelech typically appears as a
grandfatherly man of Persian or Mesopotamian descent. He
wears the same clothesas he did during the days he spentalive
with Ruth in Moab: a simple linen shift and a pair of

Gum Ox.

15

weathered sandals. Individuals familiar with him swear that

hisskin has darkened with age and that he isan Assamite, but

Elimelech neither confirms nor refutes these claims.
Roleplaying Hints: It is obvious to anyone who ob-

serves you for any length of time that you are dangerously

close to the edge. Your periods of lucidity come less and less

frequently with each passing year. When the Beast takes your

reins, your ennui gives way to something diabolical and

depraved — something that likes being one of the Damned.

Something lurking just beneath the surface waits for an

opportunity to rise —something lost Elimelech, God-fearing

merchant and father of four, would sooner have destroyed

than allowed to exist.

Clan: None (does bloodline mean anything to such elder

creatures?)

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Masochist

Generation: Unknown, but attributed to any from the 2nd

through 5th Generations.

Embrace: Ruth 1:3

Apparent Age: Indeterminate. Although the Seraph could

not have been a night past 30 or 35 years of age at the hour

of his rebirth, his weathered, age-streaked features are those

of a man in his 50s.

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 9, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy

5, Expression (prayer) 4, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4,

Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Herbalism 4, Melee 2,

Performance 5, Ride 1, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Academics 4, Hearth Wisdom 6, History 9,

Investigation 5, Law 1, Linguistics (millennia of living and

dead tongues) 8, Medicine 2, Occult 4, Science (agriculture)

5

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 8, Celerity 2, Dementation

9, Dominate 7, Fortitude 9, Necromancy 1, Obfuscate 7,

Potence 3, Presence 1, Protean 3

Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path 1

Backgrounds: Allies 6, Black Hand Membership 5, Sabbat

Status 8

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 1, Courage 2

Morality: Humanity 1

Willpower: 10

TARIQ, THE SILENT, BLACK HAND DOMINION
Background: Tariq was a soldier of Ali during the
seventh Christian invasion of their homeland. He fought
valiantly during the siege of Mansourah but was eventually
wounded, captured and tortured. He taunted his captors

until, enraged, they tore out his tongue "to silence the
paynim." Bound, beaten and on the verge of death, Tariq cast
his eyes skyward for what he thought would be the last time
and saw that a Bedouin stood over him. The Christian
soldiers seemed not to notice the man as he explained that
Tariq would now be rewarded for his devotion and valor.
Tariq's Embrace by the Bedouin shakar was quick and rever-
ent, and by the time his frenzy abated, the Christians lay in
tatters at his feet.

Tariq soon became as devoted to his clan as he had been
to the teachings of Ali. He developed a fearsome reputation
asa diablerist, and committed the "Amaranth" at every turn,
even if it did nothing for the potency of his own Blood. There
seemed to be no stopping Tariq until the Camarilla vampires
finally reigned in the Anarch Revolt to crush the anarchs and
Assamites beneath their assembled heels.

With the location of their most sacred haven in jeop-
ardy, the Assamites grudgingly negotiated a peace with the
Camarilla. Because he had been the most notorious member
of the clan, Tariq was chosen to be a symbolic scapegoat for
the crimes of the Assamites. He was cast out to be hunted, but
before he left, the Assamites secretly bound a spirit to Tariq
to warn him when danger was near. Over time Tariq learned

to trust this "Outer Spirit" implicitly, and it became virtually
impossible to surprise him.

After his exile, Tariq became the veriest scavenger. He
was hunted by the Camarilla for his head and by the Sabbat
asapotential prized recruit. The Assamitesalso "hunted" him
but were notoriously unsuccessful. Throughout it all, Tariq
remained loyal to his clan, and he bore the weight of their
"crimes" without resentment. Unaffected by the Tremere's
curse, he continued to hunt Kindred vitae and grow in skill,
power and reputation.

In 1995 —after a half-millennium asa wanted vampire
— Tariq ran out of luck. The Tremere antitribu finally
captured him. Their plan was to improve their lan'sstanding
in the Sabbat by recruiting him. After years of research and
the loss of several members, they had discovered the exist-
ence of Tariq's guardian spirit. With this knowledge and the
use of Spirit Manipulation they were able to neutralize the
Outer Spirit. Even so, the battle was ferocious, but in the end
Tariq was taken.

Tariq was soundlessly defiant. After months of trying to
convert him with the most aggressive methods imaginable,
the Tremere antitribu gave up in disgust. Instead of killinghim
ortaking his vitae, they subjected Tariq to the ritual Quench-
ing the Lambent Flame, which effectively reduced him to
13th generation. With the strength of a neonate anda world
full of enemies, he was unceremoniously dumped in Camarilla
territory. The Cainite who would not bend finally broke.

Although incredibly weakened, Tariq had five centuries
of unlife experience to draw upon. He walked into the first
Camarilla haven he could find and attacked the resident
Kindred with suicidal abandon. The Camarilla licks recog-
nized the Red List demon right away. Three of them fled and
the fourth froze and went down without a fight. Tariq
shredded his victim but did not attempt to diablerize her.

News of this and similar attacks began to spread. It was
rumored that the Red Lister had gone mad and that facing his
rabid assault was madness as well. The Kindred thathe sought
death from scattered like leaves before him. Reputation o
not, it was only a matter of time before he confronted a
worthy opponent, and he might have soon found the rel
he sought if the Assamite antitribu had not learned of his
suffering at the hands of their sect-mates. When Djuhah, the
Black Hand seraph, heard of Tariq's plight, he sensed an
opportunity.

Djuhah assigned a pack of Black Hand elite to recruit
Tariq at all costs. This Black Hand pack was told to refer to
Tariqaas their dominion —and because his loss of generation
was not common knowledge, this charade led to the impres-
sion that Tariqcommandeda permanent Black Handcolumn.
Tariq's reputation was sufficient to give pause to most Sabbat
critics of the Black Hand. This hesitation gave Djuhah the
opportunity to establish other permanent Black Hand col-
umns and gain a political foothold that may prove to be
unshakable.

Until such timeas the columns gounquestioned, Djuhah
is prepared to take any lengths to keep Tariq undead. Djuhah
isacutely aware, however, that Tariq could turn on himatany
moment. For his part, Tariq is aware that his Outer Spirit has
been figuratively replaced by a column of Assamite antitribu.
Ifhe should ever realize the bit of political maneuvering that
centers on him, the consequences are sure to be devastating

Image: Assamite skin grows darker with age, and Tariq
is dark indeed. His light eyes stand out dramatically against
his charcoal skin, but now stare vacantly — like those of a

(Chatren oF THe Nice

16

broken-backed tiger resigned to its fate. Tariq's face, which
remained unchanged for 500 years, has aged significantly
since his encounter with the Tremere antitribu. Lines now
trail from his mouth and eyes. His temples have spotted with
gray, and the cumulative weight of his burden is now evident
on his brow. Many Cainites regard these changes as curious,
as such signs of aging are distinctly mortal traits.
Roleplaying Hints: You have tired of the pointless,

endless struggle. You intend to continue challenging other
Kindred until youare killed in righteous battle. Although you
do not openly acknowledge the Black Hand column that
trails you, deep down you feel a centuries-old void being
filled. The company of your brothers heartens you, even from
afar, and secretly you are beginning to question the wisdom
of your self-destructive rampage.

Clan: Assamite

Sire: Bakr

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1250

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Empathy

2, Intimidation 4, Mimicry 3

Skills: Acrobatics 3, Demolitions 3, Disguise 5, Drive 2,
Firearms 5, Meditation 5, Melee 5, Security 5, Stealth 5,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 5, Cryptography 2, Law 2, Linguis-
tics 2, Occult 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 5,
Potence 3, Quietus 5, Visceratika 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Black Hand Membership 3
Virtues: Conviction 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Morality: Path of Blood 1

Willpower: 3

THE SABBAT INQUISITION

Mercy, KNIGHT INQUISITOR

Background: Despite her name, Mercy exhibits nosuch
trait. She earned her moniker —her birth name is Allisandra
— from the pleas of her victims, and she represents a new
breed of vicious, young Sabbat coming to power. As Inquisi-
tor, her authority is unquestioned within her sect. A native
of Rio de Janeiro, Mercy currently resides in Montreal, where
she investigates ongoing rumors of infernalism. Were it
merely a matter of righting the situation regardless of the
consequences, Mercy would be a perfect candidate for the
job. Unfortunately, Mercy's solutions are invariably destruc-
tive; fellow Inquisitors refer to her tactics as carpet-bombing.

In the city of Montreal, where three packs vie for power,
Mercy could be the match that lights the already primed

powder keg.
Before her Embrace, Allisandra was a mortal acolyte of

La Regla Lucumi, a religion of strong ethics and responsibility
stemming from the Yoruba of Africa. Following her Embrace
into the Sabbat, however, she had difficulty reconciling her
religion with her new status as eggun, a member of the dead.
Her worship degraded along with her humanity, forcing her
to seek religious fulfillment from Santeria fringe cults, then
finally from thinly disguised Lasombra and Setite blood cu
With each slip, her compassion and kindness fell away as
well, eventually leaving behind a woman capable of unthink-
able atrocities.

In Rio, Camarilla Toreador shared influence with Sabbat
Lasombra in an uneasy and unlikely truce that stemmed from
a mutual interest in Rio's mineral wealth. Allisandra, how-
ever, displayed a knack for destruction and mayhem that
continually threatened to upset the precarious peace be-
tween the two sects. She relished her freedom and pursued
her bloodlust with little care for convention. Street children
vanished in increasing numbers, and authorities regularly
found body parts floating in Guanabara Bay. In one incident,
police discovered 11 members of a Santeria church who'd
been tortured and strung up like sides of beef in a slaughter-
house. Although the public never heard the story, both the
local Sabbat and Camarilla knew of the reports and suspected
Allisandra of the deed. The murdered Santerfa worshipers had
been Allisandra's friends during her mortal years.

Strangely enough, it was the Lasombra who reacted to
the situation and "encouraged" Allisandra to go to Mexico
City. The Lasombra did not want to censure their Toreador
antitribu sister, but they worried that her continued activities

Cuarmer One

{7

might threaten the tenuous peace. Allisandra finally leftafter
she found mortal members of her blood cult murdered and
drained as a warning to her.

In Mexico City, Allisandra became Mercy, a nickname
she earned while hosting torture parties. However, her reli-
gious practices and the ritualistic manner in which she killed
attracted the attention of then Knight Inquisitor Alfred
Benezri, a member of the Shepherds pack of Montreal. The
Knight Inquisitor. found Mercy innocent of any infernal
dealings, and the two quickly formed a bizarre alliance.
Alfred was curious about Santerfa, and Mercy, in turn, was
interested in the Inquisition. With his help, she eventually
joined the faction.

For the last four years, Mercy has served the Sabbat
Inquisition as Knight Inquisitor. Despite this responsibility,
she remains brutal. Her fellow Inquisitors have even accused
her of destroying innocent Sabbat (if there is such a thing)
and being sloppy. Her saving grace, however, is her efficiency
in tracking and uncovering infernalists as well as her knowl-
edge of La Regla Lucumt and Mesa Blanca, two religions
practiced throughout the Americas. These skills have led her
to Montreal, domain of now-Bishop Alfred Benezri, her ally,
and home toa whirlpool of heresy. Due to the strength of the
region's Sabbat and the recurring problem of infernalism, the
Inquisition keeps Mercy and her pack in the area to prevent
future heresies. Mercy, however, sees corruption everywhere.
She watches everyone from afar, allowing her presence to do
her work for her, and regularly interrogates local Cainites.

Image: Mercy is as far from pretty as she is from the
quality of her namesake. Her facial features are compact and
squat, though she has a proportionate build for her height.
Hermannerismsare brutish and she wears revealing clothing,
despite her lack of a beautiful body. Some wonder why the
Toreador ever Embraced her to begin with, not realizing
South American Toreador are heavily involved in the region's
legitimate religions.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a Cainite, and you revel in
that power. As Inquisitor, you are a hunter among predators,
and there is no thrill quite equal to that one. You are also a
malicious being, interchanging the role of hunter and tor-
mentor easily. Whether it's making people squirm in your
presence or cutting them to hear them scream for... mercy...
you like having influence over others.

Clan: Toreador antitribu

Sire: Dominique Santo Paulo

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Monster

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1899

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Interro-
gation 5, Intimidation 4, Leadership 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge
2, Throwing 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Security
2, Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Mexico City) 5, Area Knowl-
edge (Montreal) 2, Camarilla Lore 2, City Secrets (Montreal)
1, Linguistics (English, Spanish) 2, Medicine 2, Occult 3,
Sabbat Lore 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2,
Presence 2, Thaumaturgy 2

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 3

Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Sabbat Status 3

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 3

Morality: Path of Cathari 6

Willpower: 7

BLACK WALLACE, THE RIGHTEOUS

Background: Black Wallace could not have asked for
more from his life or death.

The inheritor of an of earldom, Wallace took his seat in
the House of Lords at the age of 28. Well known for his
excesses, he frequented a London brothel that catered to
"unusual and egregious needs." Rumor had it that his father
spent an enormous sum to quiet a certain baronet whose
daughter had suffered some great indignity during dalliance
with Wallace.

Inspite of his indiscretions, Wallace carried himself with
aristocratic flair and learned the workings of Parliament
quickly. He always argued vigorously for his concerns, and he
made strong allies. The House of Lords came to know him as
aman of conviction and determination instead of as the bully
and sadist he truly was.

In the early 1640s, Wallace became enamored with
Oliver Cromwell's crusade against the Anglican Church.
During the English Civil War, he led one of Cromwell's most
notorious terror mobs. Normally, a man of his station would
merely orchestrate such acts of violence — Wallace, how-
ever, relished leading his men. Cromwell once remarked that
Wallace might be taking too much pleasure from these
excursions, but it was also noted that the earl's particular
appetites did not dull his leadership ability.

When England entered the Thirty Years' War against
Spain, Wallace immediately involved himself. His leader-
ship was superlative, and he was able to negotiate substantial
holdings in Spain from the Peace of the Pyrenees. In 1659,
during a tour of his Spanish concerns, he arranged a sitting
with the master painter, Diego Velazquez. Although aging,
Velazquez created a forgiving and exquisitely crafted portrait
of Wallace.

While showing this portrait to Wallace's associates from
the Spanish court, the young servant handling the painting
let its corner drop to the floor, thus cracking the frame. The

Ceanpaen oF THE Nica

18


hosts apologized profusely, but Wallace made light of it. A
week later, he arranged to have the boy moved to his own
estate. That night, Wallace had the painting displayed in his
chambers. He escorted the frightened boy in and smoothly
slid a wooden shard from the frame into the child's eye.

Wallace stood basking in the moment—simultaneously
aware of his fabulous power and his license to explore the
darkest urges of his soul — when a voice drifted to him from
the shadows of the room. It spoke slowly as one does when
teaching a long-considered decision.

"Yes, yes—they are right, of course. But better take you
now than one night face you as one of Mithras' Ventrue...."
Then the darkest comers of the room closed on Wallace.
Black tendrils held him fast and pinched off the air from his
throat. Enraged, terrified and helpless, he watched as a
swarthy man pulled himself free of the shadows. The man
considered him for a moment, then slowly forced Wallace's
face into contact with the portrait.

"In the centuries to come, as you lose the memory of your
face, you will cherish this painting above all else — if you
survive." Then the man dragged him out the window and into
the night.

If the Embrace of "Black Wallace" had been indecisive
— if the clan had questioned his potential — all such
concernssoon vanished. He relished the power ofhis vampiric
form, and he took immediately to the aristocratic structure of
Clan Lasombra. More than anything else, he appreciated the
illicit opportunities that Sabbat membership presented to
him.

Initially, his low standing in the clan was of great
concern to him, but Wallace was nothing if not politically
adroit. He soon deduced that he could gain power more
quickly by revealing treachery within the sect than by fight-
ing the Camarilla. His chance to test this theory came sooner
he could have hoped — in fact, it was because he was a
neonate that the opportunity came to him at all.

Astranger approached Wallace one night mere minutes
before the break of dawn. He commanded Wallace to bring
his sire, Lord Vauxhall, to the stables the following evening.
The man wove a hurried tale of intrigue and promised that
Lord Vauxhall would reward Wallace richly for following
these instructions and would surely kill him should he fail to
do so. Most importantly, the stranger explained that Wallace
should say nothing of this meeting, for there were spies
everywhere. Then the stranger vanished, leaving Wallace to
flee from the approaching daylight and with no time to
consider the conversation.

The stranger played his part well, and almost any fledg-
ling would have been cowed into doing exactly as directed.
Wallace, however, had staged more than one coup in his
mortal life and recognized a set-up when he saw one. He burst
into his chambers and had just enough time to bark out a
command before he fell into his daytime slumber.

When the sun left the sky the next evening, the stranger
erupted from the soil beneath the stable. Immediately, a
dozen Lasombra ghouls burst out of hiding and set upon him.
They held him fast until Wallace arose, groomed and fed,
then made his way into stable.

Both history and Wallace have forgotten why this Gangrel
antitribu assassin sought Lord Vauxhall. It is remembered,
however, that Wallace tore the secrets from him by slicing
the plotter's body lengthwise to the bone, laying knotted
lengths of rope in the wounds, then letting them heal over.
Hitching horses to the ends of the ropes, Wallace drove them
away in opposite directions. After his third evisceration, the
man spoke freely.

Soundly praised and rewarded for his acts, Wallace used
the momentum of this event to begin a relentless crusade
against "enemies from within." Whether his true motivation
was genuine concern, political gain or the opportunity to
torture is unclear. Each motive grew to feed the others and,
within a century of his Embrace, Wallace had become a
vampire possessed by his own passions. He sliced apart the
traitorous, the impure and the suspect. Few dared to chal-
lenge him, and all grew to fear him.

Black Wallace became an Inquisitor in 1780 — both to
focus his energies and to keep him tempered by the company
of other Inquisitors. Now knownas the most impassioned and
feared of his kind, he sometimes lingers weeks behind his
fellows to consummate a punishment that his companions
"gave up on too early."

Image: Perhaps predictably, Black Wallace has dark
brown eyes and jet black hair. He instructs his ghouls to
groom his beard and mustache to match his treasured por-
trait. His teeth are quite bad by 20th-century standards, and
when he extends his fangs they come out a bit askew.

Caarrer One

19

Roleplaying Hints: You are an infernalist's worst night-
mare, and often that of the "innocent" as well. You particularly
enjoy tormenting the weak and feeble but occasionally show
mercy to any who share your disposition, in hopes of nurtur-
ing their appetites. Even your fellow Inquisitors hesitate to
challenge your authority.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Lord Vauxhall

Nature: Sadist

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1659

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Interro-
gation 5, Intimidation 5, Leadership 3, Style 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Ride 4
Knowledges: Academics 2, Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 5,
Law 4, Linguistics 2, Occult 3, Politics 4, Sabbat Lore 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 4, Obtenebration 3, Po-
tence 4, Thaumaturgy 4

Thaumaturgical Paths: Spirit Manipulation 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Influence 6, Resources 6, Sabbat
Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Path of Honorable Accord 4

Derangements: Fugue, Hysteria

Willpower: 6

CARDINALS

Kye STRATHCONA, CARDINAL OF CANADA

Background: Kyle Strathcona represents a near-extinct
breed within the Sabbat. He remembers when his sect stood
for independence. The new Sabbat, however, uses the banner
of freedom for its own ends, fracturing the sect by supporting
the results of the Anarch Revolt rather than the cause.
Havingbetrayed the Camarilla, Kyle, now Cardinal ofCanada,
finds himself growing increasingly unhappy. Although his
position and popularity are stronger than ever, he feels the
world he once envisioned falling away like leaves in autumn.
The Sabbat no longer possesses the adversity-forged com-
radeship that encouraged him to leave the Camarilla. Kyle,
however, is not a man to wallow in memories. He is ready to
fight and reclaim what is lost.

Early in the 16th century, France and Scotland were war
allies. During this period, Kyle Strathcona was a Scottish
soldier fighting the English, Spanish and Papal armies of the
Holy League. During Scotland's loss at Flodden Field, how-
ever, Kyle impressed several English pro-Camarilla observers

while rallying his kinsmen in battle. His natural skills as a
leader were not lost on the Ventrue. When the Holy League
emerged victorious and the French-Scottish alliance dis-
solved with the Peace of London accord in 1513, the Ventrue
claimed Kyle.

The Embrace was not easy on Kyle. Although the
Ventrue eventually returned him to his home in Edinburgh,
he knew it was to suit their purposes and not his. Edinburgh,
then capital of Scotland, was a Toreador stronghold. The
Ventrue fought for control of the Scottish city and desper-
ately needed someone familiar with the surroundings. Kyle,
being native to Edinburgh, a war hero and a natural leader,
seemed the perfect emissary. This notion proved partially
correct as Kyle played intermediary between the two clans.
Unfortunately, he also existed for 50 years isolated from
Scottish Cainites because they believed he was a spy, and
removed from England's Ventrue because he was Scottish.
Kyle grew bitter over those years and dreamed of the day he
could turn the tables on his supposed clan. He thought of
nothing but revenge and honed his swordsmanship by train-
ing with his only companions, his ghoul retainers. With
experience and longevity as tools, Kyle exercised patience
and waited for events to turn to his advantage.

Little changed for Kyle during this period, even after the
Toreador of Edinburgh supported James I's bid for the English
throne and drove the Ventrue from power. Kyle continued
dwelling in Edinburgh, slowly gaining Toreador trust through
sheer charisma while supposedly helping the Ventrue fortify
a small clan presence. Eventually, Kyle saw his chance to
betray the Ventrue when his clan seized power in England
and forced Scotland to join under the Act of Union. In the
interest of peace, the Toreador and Ventrue came to an
understanding: Several Toreador would remain in London as
"guests" while a handful of Ventrue — including Kyle —

Ceanpren oF TH: Nice

20

stayed in Edinburgh for the same reason. In essence, they
were hostages to guarantee the truce. Kyle, however, con-
vinced several gullible Toreador that the Ventrue had betrayed
them. Kyle's ruse reached fruition during the 1715 Scottish
uprising when Edinburgh Toreador destroyed several local
Ventrue, many of whom Kyle set up as targets. Kyle survived,
due to his invaluable assistance to Toreador allies who
ensured his safety. Not surprisingly, the Ventrue of London
neveravenged the massacre in Edinburgh or even discovered
Kyle's involvement in the matter.

Matters took an unforeseen turn when the British Em-
pire took control of France's Canadian assets following the
Treaty of Paris. In the Cainite world of the Americas, power
shifted from the French Toreador to British Ventrue. Again,
Kyle seized the opportunity and left for Montreal, where he
stepped into the vacant position of prince with little diffi-
culty. Known as the City of Black Miracles, Montreal was a
French enclave and formally influenced by the Toreador.
Kyle knew as much and played on lingering French-Scottish
sympathies to cement his position with the French locals.
The Ventrue Prince Mithras recognized Kyle's claim because
Mithras believed Kyle would make an excellent puppet-
leader for the London Ventrue to control.

Unbeknownst to either Kyle or the Ventrue, Montreal
was a Sabbat domain ready to declare independence. Kyle's
presence only added fuel to the fire. A local Sabbat pack
knownas the Shepherds sensed Prince Strathcona's hatred of
his own sect and eventually encouraged him to defect. In
turn, Kyle realized the Camarilla lacked the Sabbat sense of
community and the willingness to fight and die for a cause.
When Kyle Strathcona defected, he handed the British
Ventrue their greatest defeat since the Toreador had gained
the English throne. From that moment on, the Blue Bloods
marked him for Final Death. Under the sponsorship of the
Shepherds, however, Kyle excelled within the Sabbat.

From his illustrious turn as Archbishop of Montreal,
then as Cardinal of Canada, Kyle is now one of the highest-
ranking Sabbat members not Embraced by the sector originally
part of it. Sadly, despite his efficient and unquestioned work,
he finds himself questioning the new Sabbat. He sees them as
rogue childerand hypocritical elders whose activities threaten
to tear the sect asunder. The strength of community is gone.
A sense of accomplishment no longer exists for the Sabbat as
awhole, only for individual packs seeking private glory. The
only things separating them from anarchs are the Vaulderie
and Sabbat heritage kept active through the ritae; even then,
the younger generations treat the rituals like chores.

Although it pains him to doso, Kyle plotsagreat betrayal
once more. He feels he must do something to galvanize his
brethren. He believes that if a Sabbat city is in danger of
falling to the Camarilla, the sect might band together to stop
the coup. He knows it is a risky gambit, but he can see no
alternative. To this end, Cardinal Strathcona plans to allow
information about Montreal, including some weaknesses, to

reach thenew Tremere Justicar Anastasz di Zagreb,. From the

archbishop's struggle that unravels the city's power structure

to the existence of a library of hidden ledgers, the cardinal is

releasing enough information to pose a threat to Montreal.

Kyle chose Zagreb because he believes the justicar is young

and inexperienced enough to fall for the bait. Kyle only hopes

the Sabbat can stop any potential coup before it gets too far.
Image: Kyle Strathcona isa distinguished gentleman in

contemporary clothing. He dresses in formal attire and looks

too prim to be stereotypical Sabbat. His hair is white and he

keeps his goatee trimmed short. Strathcona stands straight

and proud, as though to dismiss the air of sorrow that drapes

his shoulders like a cloak. His gaze is ever distant.
Roleplaying Hints: You have no regrets about your

existence, but you still can't help thinking about the past. In

the last few years, you've become philosophical and remote.

Others who have mistaken your silence for weakness, how-

ever, swiftly learn the folly of their ways at the end of your

blade. Philosophical or not, you've also become impatient

with the stupidity of young Sabbat. You'll never curtail their

freedom, but you do punish any who endanger the sect

through recklessness. You maintain respect forcefully, but

quietly.

Clan: Ventrue antitribu

Sire: Collinsworth

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1514

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 3,

Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Interrogation 2, Intimidation 4, In-

trigue 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Fire Dancing 4, Melee

(short sword) 5, Performance 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Area Knowledge (Edinburgh) 3,

Area Knowledge (Montreal) 5, Area Knowledge (Toronto)

4, Bureaucracy 4, Camarilla Lore 3, City Secrets (Montreal)

3, Clan Knowledge (Ventrue) 3, Finance 4, Investigation 2,

Law 2, Occult 1, Politics 5, Sabbat Lore 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2,

Potence 4, Presence 5, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 4, Retainers 2, Sabbat

Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 9

Charen One

21

VELYA THE VIVISECTIONIST AND ELAINE
Cassipy, CARDINALS OF THE LAND BEYOND
THE Forest

Background: He is legend even among the Fiends, and
few have seen him or spoken with him. Along with Lugoj,
Voivode of Voivodes, it was he who freed the childer from their
elders' sanguinary shackles. His mastery of blood sorcery is
rivaled only by the Inner Council of the Tremere. Sabbat
younglings dub him "the Flayer," "the Vivisectionist" and a
host of other sobriquets, but elders among the Sabbat Fiends
know him simply as Velya.

A founder of the Sabbat, Velya now serves it as a
cardinal, overseeing the sect's reconquest of the Tzimisce Old
Country. As such, he orchestrates ethnic hatreds, channels
terrorist purges and gently rakes the former Iron Curtain into
a rubble of broken states and shattered peoples. Mostly,
though, he prepares and implements mighty koldunic rituals,
seeking to tap the spirits of the ancient land and turn them
against the hated Tremere in nearby Vienna. He has taken
such an openly political position only reluctantly, forhe isold
and more interested in the ways of Metamorphosis than
anything so ephemeral as the Jyhad. Nonetheless, he recog-
nizes the necessity of what he does, and so he performs his
duties with the meticulous devotion to honor that only an old
and malignant Fiend can display.

Orso Velya would have one believe. In truth, Velya is in
the grip of a terrible and self-inflicted predicament, one that
may soon bring him low where millennia of enemies and
perils have failed to do so. For Velya's greatest delight is also
his greatest despair.

A century ago, Velya fell in love with and "wed" one
Elaine Cassidy, a 10-year-old Boston socialite. He watched
from afar as Elaine meticulously spidered her way into a
dominant position within her neurotic family by reducing her
mother to catatonia, contriving her sister's untimely demise
and cleverly manipulating her sensitive elder brother into a
madhouse. Velya wasentranced. Aiding little Elaine'sschemes
from a distance, Velya ensured the girl's inheritance of the
entire Cassidy fortune. The young and impressionable Elaine,
for her part, was quickly taken with the wise and
Mephistophelean vampire noble upon meeting him, and the
two monsters joined in a sanguine union.

Alas, over the centuries Velya had grown so divorced
from human cares that he was unmindful of Elaine's essential
fragility. While little Elaine was the liveliest monster among
her kind, her 10-year-old psyche was scarcely strong enough
to cope with the horrors of nightly unlife among the Sabbat.
Insufficiently determined to learn even the rudiments of the
Path of Metamorphosis, Elaine spiraled out of control, and
her soul was lost to the Beast in the mid-20th century.
Realizing what had happened but unwilling to terminate the
unlife of his childe and "wife," Velya used his arts to graft his
beloved to him until such time as he could "fix" her.

Ofcourse, no vampire, once gripped by the Beast, can be
"fixed," not even by one as clever as Velya. Furthermore, the
linkage has fused together Velya's and Elaine's veins and
arteries, so that blood from the one flows into the body of the
other. While this arrangement has the beneficial effect of
forever reinforcing the couple's blood bond, it also allows
Elaine's rampant Beast to goad Velya's own.

As such, for the first time in centuries, the Methuselah
finds himself close to losing control. Already, Velya's min-
ions have begun to whisper of failed experiments, neglected
tasks and bizarre lapses of personality. Velya's hold on himself
—and on Elaine —slips by the night. And if Velya falls, the
clan's reconquest of the Old Country may come to naught.

Image: Individually, both Velya and Elaine are hand-
some creatures — the former well proportioned and neatly
dressed, with a mane of flowing silver hair; the latter a
perversely breathtaking Nabokovian nymphet in fashion-
able yet conservative frocks. Of course, the fact that the two
vampires are grafted together, Elaine's leg-stumps to Velya's
spine, makes the composite being grotesque indeed. Al-
though Velya does his best to keep his "wife" distracted and
docile, at times the Beast overtakes her; during these fits,
Elaine's perfect child-face contorts into a twitching pudding
of flesh, and obscenities fly from her distended mouth.

Roleplaying Hints: As Velya, you are almost too me-
thodical and detached, as you frantically compensate for the
madness that washes over you from Elaine's bloodstream.
Indeed, you spend so much time lashing your Beast into
obedience that you have neglected the basic tenets of the
Path of Metamorphosis, thus leading to a downward spiral of
spiritual malaise. As Elaine, you spend much of your time in
adreamy and only semi-aware state, kept that way courtesy of
Velya's blood-sorcery. Occasionally, you break free from the
spell, though, and during those times you combine the

Ceaupren oF tH Nigar

2


cunning and caprice of a mad child with the shrieking frenzy

ofan insane Cainite. Youare in love with your "husband," but

seek only to drag him into a union of bestiality with you.
Note that Elaine's Traits follow the slashes.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Architect/ Deviant

Demeanor: Traditionalist/ Child

Generation: 5th

Embrace: Unknown/ 1890s

Apparent Age: mid-40s/ 10

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3/7

Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 8/ 4, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 6, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Body Crafts 6, Etiquette 5, Melee 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Academics 5, Linguistics (numerous European

languages and several forgotten tongues of the Old World) 6,

Occult 8, Science 7

Disciplines: Animalism 8, Auspex 8, Dominate 5, Fortitude

4, Koldunic Sorcery 8, Presence 5, Vicissitude 7

Koldunic Paths: Blood Ways 5, Fire Ways 5, Spirit Ways 5

Backgrounds: Resources 5, Retainers 5, Sabbat Status 5

Virtues: Conviction 2 (formerly 5)/ Conscience 0, Instinct

4/ Self-Control 0, Courage 2/ Courage 2

Morality: Path of Metamorphosis 4 (formerly 9)/ Humanity 0

Willpower: 5 (formerly 10)

FRANCISCO DOMINGO DE POLONIA,

CARDINAL OF THE EASTERN AMERICAN
TERRITORIES

Background: Born in Spain but eager for adventure (and
profit), Polonia volunteered for military duty in the New
World. The only son of a minor — and impoverished —
noble family, Francisco spent the last of his inheritance to
secure an officer's commission before boarding ship, and he
arrived in Mexico a captain.

While Mexico itself didn't offer much in the way of
opportunity for an ambitious young man, the various expedi-
tions heading north to find treasure and territory did. Polonia
attached himself to de Onate's expedition, which had as its
goal the foundation of a permanent outpost in what is now
New Mexico. The expedition was a failure, but one officer in
particular distinguished himself by his conduct: Polonia.
Such bravery and competence drew attention from several of
the Lasombra elders already established on the continent,
and the young captain was rewarded for his efforts with the
Embrace — and a new assignment.

Officially, Polonia's orders were to march north again
with de Peralta in an attempt to succeed where de Onate
failed. Unofficially, Polonia was to serve as a stalking horse.
Hispresence in the unspoiled lands to the north would be sure

to draw whatever enemies lurked there — particularly the
region's savage Lupines — into the open. Polonia himself
probably wouldn't survive the assault. Then again, he wasn't
supposed to.

It took until 1680 for Francisco to accomplish what he
unwittingly set out to do. In that year, the local werewolves
and their Pueblo kinfolk burned de Peralta's settlement of
Santa Fe to the ground. Polonia was one of the few survivors,
and he made his way back south with a full report of enemy
strength, tactics and resources. Salvaging such useful infor-
mation from utter defeat impressed even more of Polonia's
superiors, and they took an interest in training him properly
for use in the long nights ahead.

The next three centuries were a whirlwind of espionage,
murder and subversion. Under the tutelage of no less a
personage than the legendary Medina, Polonia learned tac-
tics and strategies, then put them to use in the field. He
operated primarily on the North American continent, and
went whither his superiors ordered him to work their will
with impressive efficiency.

As the centuries have passed, he has risen in both rank
and generation — through merit in the former instance and
through skillful application of the Lasombra Courts of Blood
in the latter. Atthis point, Polonia has earned command over
all of the Sabbat's operations on the East Coast. Of course,
success only rarely meets with approval, while failure earns
vast attention; the loss of New York City to the Camarilla's
desperate counteroffensive tends to overshadow the fact that
Polonia has managed to acquire control over Atlanta, north-
ern Florida, the Carolinas and indeed, most of the
Mid-Atlantic seaboard. Still, New York is the richest prize of
all, and until Polonia can retake it — assuming he is allowed
time and resources with which to do so — there will be
whispers in the shadows about him.


Image: Polonia is exceedingly tall for a Cainite of his
years. He stands more than six feet in height, with ramrod-
straight carriage and large hands that look equally at home
grasping a sword ora firearm. He has a black, neatly trimmed
beard that matcheshis short black hair and dark eyes. Perhaps
for the sake of contrast, Polonia often dresses in white or gray,
though in the field he's more comfortable in fatigues. Unlike
many of his venerable peers, Polonia's personal style has
adapted to the times. His one concession to his age isa silver
crucifix necklace that he has worn unceasingly for over three
centuries. It was given to Polonia by his mother, and he
treasures it above all things. The only flaw in Polonia's image
as the perfect soldier is a cosmetic, yet maddeningly embar-
rassing one: He was Embraced while suffering from a severe
sunburn. While Polonia keeps a rigid rein on his temper at
most times, commenting on his reddened countenance or
even staring at it is the one surefire way to break this iron
control.

Roleplaying Hints: Always keep your calm; it's the key
to victory. Analyze situations before acting; take advice into
account but don't follow it slavishly. Your own instincts and
talents have gotten you this far, and it would be foolish to stop
trusting them now. Most successes and defeats roll off you like
water from a duck's back; it's always on to the next objective.
The loss of New York rankles badly, however, and you are
painfully aware of the second-guessers who are attempting to
remove you from your power. You prefer, however, to cut the
ground from beneath those jackals by succeeding, rather than
to waste your energy dealing with them one by one.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Antén de Concepcién

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1600

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4 (when
groomed; 2 when his affliction is obvious)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 6, Empathy 2, Interro-
gation 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 5, Melee
5, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Computer 1, Finance 3, Linguis-
tics (Arabic, English, French, German, Greek, Italian, Latin,
Portuguese) 4, Occult 1, Politics 4

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 5,
Fortitude 1, Obtenebration 6, Potence 5, Presence 5, Protean 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 4, Resources 5,
Sabbat Status 4

Virtues: Conviction 5, Instinct 4, Courage 4

Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 7
Willpower: 8

Tue PRIsci

SASCHA VvHOs, Carne's ANGEL

Background: Androgynous Sascha Vykos — Noddist
scholar, Tzimisce scientist and Cainite monster — has long
been a staunch supporter of Sabbat freedom. It is Hell's chief
torturer and a musician with a scalpel. Sascha understands
the nuances of every physical sensation and the nerves best
suited to receive its ministrations. It is also a creature of
learning, with a collection of books and artifacts to humble
the halls of all academia. Sascha's enemies, including the
Gangrel Beckett and the Malkavian Anatole, believe itholds
cult-status within the Sabbat, wherein sect members emulate
its actions. In truth, however, Sascha is a monster beyond its
own years. Few could ever understand the grand schemes of
the Sabbat's ronin priscus.

Sascha Vykos, named Myca Vykos in the years before its
self-inflicted castration, lived an enviable existence in the
glorious Byzantine Empire. Born toroyalty in the Carpathians
before the turn of the first millennium, Mycaseemed destined
for greatness from a young age. Asa child, his fits and visions
brought him to the attention of House Tremere within the
Order of Hermes. He learned the basics of spellcraft and
proved such an adept student that he inspired jealousy in the
magus Goratrix. Goratrix's later attempt to betray Myca to
Tzimisce Cainites backfired, and the young boy found him-
self among the Fiends.

Eventually, Myca came to hate his clan and fled to
Constantinople with the aid of his sire, Symeon, a Tzimisce
renegade. The great books of Alexandria became Myca's
silent teachers while the political juggernauts within the
Byzantine courts taught him the subtleties of influence. Like
the other Cainites of the city, however, Myca became enam-
ored with the Toreador Michael and the Methuselah's
delusions of divinity. Alas, neither Constantinople nor
Michael lasted. When the Fourth Crusade destroyed the city,
both Mycaand his sire fled to the Balkan strongholds of their
Tzimisce brethren. Although they left Michael's legacy be-
hind, his reach would greatly affect Myca even after the
Methuselah's Final Death.

During Myca's years in Constantinople, Michael en-
couraged Myca's thirst for knowledge. It was his intent to
make the young Tzimiscea walking record of Constantinople,
Michael's vision of Heaven on Earth. Unbeknownst to Myca,
the Toreador Methuselah instilled him with this vision and
with a need to preserve Constantinople's legacy. Myca be-
came Michael's architect, building a new kingdom without
the mistakes of the past. Myca carried out Michael's dreams
by crafting a living empire of flesh rather than stone. His city
was to bea community of Cainites founded on pillars of blood

(Ceaupeen oF Tat Nick

ua


and bone. His participation in the Sabbat's formation was the
first step toward that goal.

During theantitribu uprising, better knownas the Anarch
Revolt, the anarchs attacked the elders' strongholds to de-
stroy everything associated with their former masters. Myca,
on the other hand, played the monster while torturing
Symeon — repeatedly absorbing and regurgitating his sire
before the final act of diablerie — but also took the role of
scholar when he saved books at risk to his own existence.
During the uprising, Myca aided his allies, Lugoj and Velya,
and proved pivotal aid to the nascent Sabbat movement as
priscus.

Over the centuries, Sascha — for that is what Myca
renamed itself shortly after leading an assault on the village
of Thorns —has served its sect as scholar and warrior. Inboth
roles, it acts as wandering priscus, though its manner of
advising regional cardinals seems more akin to making strong
"suggestions" than polite recommendations. As scholar, it
maintainsancient libraries and repositories across the Balkan
states. In this role, Sascha is an ally to the old-guard Sabbat
who appreciate the strength of knowledge. As warrior, how-
ever, Sascha is also a frightening tool of retribution. With
mastery over Vicissitude and Thaumaturgy, it can best most
adversaries. Generally, though, it prefers to capture foes
rather than kill them. Many of Sascha's prisoners have
endured sessions of alternating torture and ecstatic pleasure
that last for decades. Its victims are often unsure whether they
are undergoing torture or rape.

In this violent facet, Sascha appeals to the younger
Sabbat. Collectively, in turn, the Sabbat is a weapon for
Sascha, a living battlement against the rapacious
Antediluvians — the adversaries in Sascha's morality play.
Every death it inflicts strengthens the Sabbat's position;
every splatter of blood is part of God's portrait; every agoniz-
ingcry isanail in Heaven'sunliving city. That is why itknows
how each nerve screams, how much blood flows from specific
wounds and how much fat it can rob from a mortal body
before death.

Image: Sascha is an alien beauty. Its limbs are long,
slender and graceful, but it moves with power. Its face is like
a work by Michelangelo, perfect and flawless in form. Not
even the master artist could capture Sascha's cruel counte-
nance, however. The network of scars, tattoos and piercings
that cover its androgynous form only add to Sascha's enig-
matic beauty. What appear to be thin, black tattoos on its
body are skin clefts that open like a babe's toothless mouth.
Sascha's skill with Vicissitude allows it to speak through
these mouthsas well, creating a chorus of its voice to unnerve
even the most strong-willed opponent. Sascha displays these
marks like trophies, sometimes stroking them with tender-
ness. Sascha's most compelling feature, however, is its eyes. It
watches everything around it the way a coroner dissects a
cadaver. It never blinks or looks away; it simply stares.

Roleplaying Hints: You look at people the same way
mortals study a goldfish: with detached interest. You've
already decided how to kill them; it isn't a matter of whether
someone should live or die, but when you plan to dispose of
them. It all depends on how long they prove useful to you.
Your mindset is no psychotic fantasy, however, but a pure,
analytical observation. You are a scientist at heart: practical,
thorough and detached.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Symeon

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1002

Apparent Age: Indistinguishable

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 4, Appearance 7
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Empathy
1, Interrogation 7, Intimidation 5, Intrigue 4, Leadership 3,
Style 6, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 2, Body Crafts 6, Etiquette 3,
Herbalism 3, Melee (knife) 4, Performance 2, Ride 3, Stealth
2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 4, Area Knowledge (Europe) 6,
Camarilla Lore 4, Finance 2, Hearth Wisdom 2, History 6,
Investigation 3, Law 1, Linguistics (a litany of contemporary,
ancient, Asian and Romance languages) 6, Medicine 5,
Occult 5, Politics 4, Research 5, Sabbat Lore 6
Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 5,
Fortitude 3, Presence 4, Thaumaturgy 5, Vicissitude 7

Caarter One

B


Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 5, Lure of Flames 5,
Movement of the Mind 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Herd 5, Resources 5,
Retainers 6, Rituals 5, Sabbat Status 5

Virtues: Conviction 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Path of Death and the Soul 9

Willpower: 8

Leta MONROE, SABBAT CRUSADER

Background: Leila Monroe clawed her way through a
brutal Creation Rite and stepped naked from the earth with
the precepts of the Sabbat etched in her heart. She saw her
holy mission was to share with the City of Angels the dark
nightmare that is life under Sabbat rule.

Leila served as a ghoul under a Lasombra archbishop in
southern California and endured beatings and humiliation as
the virtual slave of this twisted monster. She lived through
more than 15 years of training and indoctrination before her
Embrace. Her sire saw Los Angeles as a rotten plum ready for
plucking by the Sabbat's talons. The anarch free state was
nothing but a loose collection of coteries, and the Camarilla
presence was negligible. Leila was to be the instrument that
brought L.A. to heel.

Embraced in the early 1940s, Leila, a stunning beauty,
moved into L.A. society and cut through the crowds like a
knife. She turned down numerous offers of screen tests and
studio contracts while drawing many film executives into her
web. She established her base of operations within the studio
system, and she hada string of horror films made in the early
1960s that clearly broke the Masquerade, including The
Vampire Prince and the horror classic They Are Among You.

In the late '60s, she extended her feelers into the anarch
and independent spheres. Finding the vampires of L.A. to be
an undisciplined bunch, she easily used her charm and poise

to bring coteries under her influence and remold them into
Sabbat packs — at first. By acting as an egalitarian, accepting
Cainites of every type including Caitiff, she was able to secure
the nominal support of the lawless vampires. This openness
made it even easier to attract the outsiders to her call.

Leila encountered problems when she tried to exert
some control over the vicious anarch packs in the inner cities
during the early '70s. These packs were gangbangers Em-
braced as muscle, and they had only slightly more respect for
the Sabbat than they did for the Camarilla. Leila's packs lost
numerous skirmishes. The failure to consolidate the inner
city cost Leila the Bishopric of Los Angeles. She had to
simmer quietly as the title was given toa Pander who was held
upasasymbol of the Sabbat's acceptance of all Kindred. Leila
smiled during the ceremony, as a bloody bile rose in her
throat. She decided then and there that, titles and honors be
damned, her influence would still be what got things done in
Los Angeles.

Leila spent the rest of the '70s and early '80s consolidat-
ing herinterests in the B-movie and adult-film industries, and
she began to move into illicit drug activities and other areas.
It was during a heroin deal gone bad that Leila's sphere of
influence first brushed against with what she would eventu-
ally refer to as "those Eastern bastards." A group of buyers
vanished from a dock in the harbor and wasn't heard from
again. When Leila investigated, the only clue she discovered
was a six-inch talon.

Although Leila never paid much attention to L.A.'s
large Asian population, except as a source of drugs, this new
development prompted her to look more closely. Unfortu-
nately, every tentacle of influence she attempted to extend
into Chinatown returned as a bloody stump. The consistent
co-option or outright vanishing of her agents sent Leila into
a panic. Was this a new Camarilla incursion? Or perhaps
something more sinister?

Herquestions were answered when a wizened Asian man
arrived and claimed to be an emissary from a group of
vampires known as the Kuei-jin. All that is known of the
meeting is that at its end a trembling and pale Leila and the
old man left the room together. She has received orders
which forbid interference in Chinatown and which make it
clear that Cainites are welcome for two hours after dusk only,
no feeding allowed. Westerners who break these rules are
typically never heard from again.

Currently, Leila is playing a waiting game. The bishop is
making angry noises that are being met with disapproval by
some of his superiors, and Leila has brazenly claimed the title
of priscus for herself, to the bishop's consternation. Her
biggest active concerns are the rumors that the Kuei-jin are
moving out of the Asian neighborhoods and are beginning to
stake new territories in areas controlled by her sect's packs.
Continual agitation by the anarchs and Camarilla agents
keeps Leila busy putting out brushfires before the bishop can
take action of his own. She remains certain that she can

eanpnen oF tHe Nica

6


eventually claim the entire city for the Sabbat — and prove
her claim to pricus — but under all the mounting pressures,
her devotion to the precepts of the Sabbat is becoming shrill
and unsteady of late.

Image: Leila isa beautiful woman who hasfinely sculpted
features framed with honey-blonde hair. She has pale blue
eyes and is always dressed to kill, either figuratively or
literally.

Roleplaying Hints: If only you could tip the balance in
L.A. to the Sabbat, you would achieve all your dreams. You
are driven and fanatically devoted to the principles of your
sect, and you enjoy long, rambling discourses on its benefits.
You are disgusted by the political maneuverings you witness,
but you know that they are necessary to your success. Your
claim of title is not vanity, but rather destiny — so earn it.
Clan: Lasombra
Sire: The Caballero
Nature: Bravo
Demeanor: Fanatic
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1942
Apparent Age: late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Grace 1, Intimida-
tion 3, Leadership 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Performance 4, Security 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Bureaucracy 3, Finance 1, Law 3,
Linguistics (Spanish) 1, Politics 3

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Obtenebration 2, Potence 2, Pres-
ence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Fame 1, Influence (mov-
ies) 3, Resources 3

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 5

Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 6
Derangements: Megalomania

Willpower: 5

THe ARCHBISHOPS

ARCHBISHOP AMBROSIO Luls MONGADA,
PLENIPOTENTIARY AND Keeper OF THE FAITH

Background: Little is know about Mongada's early life;
the best guesses posit him entering Madrid with Alfonso VII's
repopulation efforts as a priest assigned to the city's central
church (formerly a mosque). Moncada apparently was aman
of ambition, talent and faith, according to scattered docu-
ments from the period that detail his rapid ascent in the
Church hierarchy. He eventually gained the rank of arch-
bishop, but was prevented by politics from ever attaining the

Papacy; even with the proliferation of popes and anti-popes,
there was no place for an outsider whose agenda lacked the
support of powerful patrons. So, Mongada found himself and
his ambition restricted to Iberia. The tide of the Reconquista
had turned irrevocably in favor of Christianity at this point,
and serving as a pillar of the Church during a religious war
could be an advantageous position indeed.

To no one's amazement, Mongada made the most of his
position. To the surprise of many, however, he did so while
holding himself to a strict monasticism. Not for Mongada
were the hunts, lavish banquets and lascivious pursuits be-
loved by so many clergymen of the time. Rather, he was
absolute in his faith, unshakable in his conviction and
resolute in his use of power for what he considered to be
Heaven's causes. During an age when the corrupt clergyman
became a stock character, Mongada was a towering anomaly
on the ecclesiastical landscape, and an intriguing conundrum
to certain Lasombra who had a vested interest in the
Reconquista.

The Embrace changed Mongada less than one might
suppose. Many of his compatriots in the Blood were regular
visitors to his confessional; others were patrons of priests
Mongada knew or had ordained himself. Within a matter of
weeks, the archbishop had become acclimated enough in his
new status to renew his quest for power. This time, however, he
sought dominion not over the puppets but over the
puppetmasters. Nothing less than a position of supremacy
among the Lasombra would satisfy the freshly Embraced
Mongada—buthis reasons for seeking power had not changed.
Itwasnot for the glory of Mongada (that poor fleshly shell), but
rather for the glory of God. Clearly, the Embrace had been
God's will, and through the instrument of the Curse of Caine,
Mongada had all eternity to do the Lord's work.

Charmer One


The best laid plans of mice, men and priests sometimes
change, however. Moncada's influence rapidly expanded
throughout both mortal and immortal society. The network
of royal confessors and simple parish priests raised under his
tutelage allowed him communication and persuasion that
few other Cainites could match. Churches and cathedrals
rose, and many found their genesis deep in the heart of
Mongada's fortress like monastery. As for the Reconquista,
with the weight of the priesthood brought firmly to bear on
Lasombra internal politicking, the clan's support went fully
over to the Christian side, and events rolled on.

As centuries passed, however, something happened to
the archbishop's faith. It never wavered, but it has evolved
into something dark and terrible, an unshakable belief in
Mongada's own damnation and a determination to earn that
fate. The archbishop still believes, with a perfect faith, in
redemption and the Resurrection. He simply knows, with an
abiding resignation, that there is no salvation for him or his
kind, and as God has seen fit to damn him thus, it is his duty
to earn that damnation as best he might. Indeed, many
Cainite scholars lay the development of the Path of Night
squarely at Mongada's feet, a tribute to both his faith and his
influence over others ofhis clan. Atthisconclusion, Mongada
merely sneers, however, for his own reasons.

Mongada's position within the Sabbat and his standing
in the clan have consolidated, rather than expanded, over
the many nights since his Embrace. He is the spiritual anchor
for many of his clanmates, and confession with the arch-
bishop (for those Lasombra who remain Catholic) isa coveted
distinction. Hisinfluence on broad policy is waning, however
— some Sabbat mutter that he spends too much time on
spiritual affairs and not enough on temporal ones, or that he
consorts with strange and unsettling beings in his quest to
serve God's will.

In recent nights, Mongada has essentially confined him-
self to his haven, his chambers protected by a maze of
corridors and shrines to saints that overflow with True Faith.
When the world wants Mongada's advice, it comes to him; he
has no interest in leaving his home, and so longs there is no
pressing need for him to do so, he remains the spider in a
blasphemous web.

Image: Moncada is immensely fat, almost repulsively so.
He moves with a grace and a silence remarkable fora man of
his size, however; intruders in his maze never hear his ap-
proach. Thearchbishop wears robes appropriate to hisstation,
circa 12th century; he considers such attire to be appropriate,
and propriety still means a great deal to him.

Roleplaying Hints: Bear in mind your position and your
mandate from Heaven. Damnation is your birthright, but by
accepting it you serve the cause of Grace. Thus, you strive
with all your might to accomplish the mission God has
bestowed upon you. You play on the grander chessboard of
souls; lives are of less consequence to you than one might
suppose. Cainites without faith disturb you, but in truth, they

are just further obstacles in the way of your great works.
Despite the concerns of your great-grandchilder and their
callow friends, you are still among the canniest manipulators
the Sabbat possesses. You simply put your talents to use
slightly differently than they would, and any upstarts who pit
their wills against yours you crush almost reflexively. Ants
who pester a colossus should expect no less, after all.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Silvester de Ruiz

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1153

Apparent Age: mid-50s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 5, Expres-
sion 5, Grace 4, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 5, Melee 3, Performance 2, Stealth
5, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics (theology) 4, Finance 3, Law 4,
Linguistics (virtually all European languages and dialects) 7,
Medicine 2, Occult 5, Politics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 7, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 1,
Obtenebration 6, Potence 5, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Herd 5, Influence 3,
Resources 5, Retainers 7, Sabbat Status 4

Virtues: Conviction 5, Instinct 4, Courage 5

Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 9
Willpower: 9

Merits/ Flaws: Enchanting Voice, True Faith 3, Dark Fate

FABRIZIA CONTERAZ, CONQUISTADORA

Background: Third-World Mexico has no appropriate
method for dealing with the uncontrollably insane. Ifa family
cannot care for its own, there is little recourse besides plead-
ing for a monastery's mercies or stoning. Treatment of the
imbalanced is unheard of, and they most often end up in
prisons or dead. From a certain point of view, then, Fabrizia
was lucky to get shelter within the walls of Reclusiorio
Oriente Penitentiary. With heavy hearts — for they knew
she would only suffer unknown horrors with her fellow
inmates — Fabrizia's family left her on the steps of the prison
and never looked back.

In 1984, Mexican Sabbat consolidated their forces and
sought out new recruits for a prolonged skirmish with
Camarilla-dominated Houston. At that time, Licero Blanco
led a pack of his cronies to the prison where Fabrizia hap-
pened to be held. Licero selected the strongest and seemingly
most violent for recruitment. He personally Embraced Fabrizia,
as her lack of control was, to him, a strength. Although the

Coapren oF THE Nica

2B

otherEmbraced inmates proved to be* flawed at best, Fabrizia's
mind cleared for the first time in many years. The curse of
Malkav thathad worked so many tricks on neonates through-
out the millennia focused her thoughts and brought her back
to reality. Licero, both amazed and disappointed by his new
childe, escaped into the night with his progeny, leaving the
prison littered with broken bodies of guards and inmates.

Licero considered himselfan asset to the Sabbat, and few
in his corner of the world disagreed. He led his pack with
strength and conviction, dealing swiftly with dissenters. Any
who supported him earned his favor, and Fabrizia washis most
loyal member and confidante. Over the next several years,
the two fought the Camarilla off and on, and they explored
each other's madness (or apparent lack thereof) intimately.
While other vampires formed their own packs or died in the
continuing struggle with Houston's "Kindred," Licero and
Fabrizia grew ever closer.

Constantly overlooked as Licero's pet, it was not widely
known that Fabrizia played key role in many of his victories.
As Licero aged, his insanity became more distracting. Only
Fabrizia's sharp wits kept him focused on the goals at hand.
When fate finally separated the two, it meant Licero's de-
struction and began Fabrizia's own rise to power.

Fabrizia's heart shattered when the news arrived that
Licero had been lost in the Miami siege. Although no one
could confirm his final destruction, she sensed that after so
many nights with her mad lover, she was finally alone in the
world.

Regent Galbraith hated Fabrizia for distracting Licero
and considered her a poorly chosen result of Licero's de-
ranged libido. She didn't realize Fabrizia's true role in Licero's
success and saw her only asa liability. Despite the perception
that Fabrizia was Licero's servant, she still maintained the
support of her sire's pack, and even became a ductus after
Licero's departure. Galbraith wanted to remove Fabrizia but
could hardly justify wasting time on such a minor Cainite.
Publicly and openly attacking her would only bring ill will
upon the regent, and might have easily made her a laughing-
stock. Instead, Regent Galbraith named Fabrizia archbishop
pro tempore of Miami in Licero's place, with hopes that the
Malkavian would fail miserably and be replaced by someone
less despicable.

Fabrizia surprised everyone by quickly and efficiently
organizing the forces under her command. Miami became a
strict, almost military, city with no quarter given to anyone
who stepped out of line. So far, under her direction, the
Sabbat has retaken several small cities from the Camarilla
along the East Coast.

The new archbishop's strategies showed patience and
careful planing. Fabrizia slowly introduced single members of
the sect into Camarilla cities to search for the weak links and
learn the inner politics. With few vampires to protect these
areas, coups were simple for an organized force with inside
knowledge. She introduced covert vampires into Atlanta,

Columbia, Jacksonville, New Haven and Baltimore — and
coordinated her spies with previous Sabbat activity in these
cities.

Regent Galbraith is simultaneously pleased and upset by
Fabrizia's success. On one hand, the regent must appreciate
the victories the archbishop has won. On the other hand, she
cannot believe the Malkavian duped her.

To Fabrizia, the victories mean nothing. She continues
her assault on the Camarilla, not for freedom or power, but
simply for revenge. She was quite content to follow Licero
until the end of time, politics be damned. Camarilla vampires
took that option from her; she intends to take everything from
them in exchange.

Image: Fabrizia Conteraz is a Mexican woman with a
dark complexion and long hair. Her no-nonsense attitude
contradicts her friendly appearance. Fabrizia's calculating
stare unnerves even the most hardened Brujah.

Roleplaying Hints: For your entire unlife, you focused
on one thing: loving Licero. He was everything to you, and
now he is gone. Your focus has shifted as a result of his
disappearance, and the Camarilla will regret its involvement.
Now, your preternaturally fierce obsession demands the sects
ultimate destruction. Nothing else matters.

Clan: Malkavian antitribu

Sire: Licero Blanco

Nature: Perfectionist

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1984

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Caarrer One

29

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 1,
Leadership 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Fire Dancing 2,
Security 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2, Vamp 3

Knowledges: Academics 1, Computer 2, Expert Knowledge:
Strategy 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics (English, Latin) 2,
Occult 3, Politics 4, Sabbat Lore 3

Disciplines: Dementation 3, Fortitude 1, Potence 2
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Influence 2, Resources 2,
Sabbat Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 0, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 2

Derangements: Obsessive/Compulsive (avenge Licero's fall)
Willpower: 4

Maru, BIsHop OF TORRANCE

Background: Military life is a procession of order, a
chain of hierarchy and command; few soldiers must show any
combination of loyalty and personal initiative. Mark was one
of those few — infiltrating enemy units, attending foreign
political events, bribing enemy troops and stealing military
secrets were his duties. Of course, in the late 19th century,
there was no real classification for military intelligence work,
but that didn't stop Mark from doing an exceptional job of
sabotage and subversion.

The United States Civil War provided a cloak of disor-
der for clandestine activity. Underground railroads, deserting
soldiers, carpetbagging politicians — with a quick cover, a
fast-talking subversive could go undetected just about any-
where in the country. With a few drinks and a silver tongue,
such operatives could buy the right secrets: military move-
ments, supply trains and political agendas. With only a short
trip back across the border, such secrets could easily become
real gold. Even in the postwar United States, with Ulysses S.
Grant as the new president, political manipulation brought
wealth and prestige. Secrets financed Mark's lifestyle and
status. They also brought about his unlife.

Political rallies and meetings were nothing new to Mark;
he'd been spying on various groups for the better part of a
decade when he made his way into a rather select salon in
Charleston. The political gamesmanship and hushed speech
were nothing new to him, but the vampires were. Once he
figured out that the aperitif of choice was human blood, he
quickly exited the disturbing evening social, all the while
playing the part of a servant. Highly intrigued and secretly
terrified, he made his way back north to sell some of his other
gains — and, in New England, his knowledge of the peculiar
gathering drew the attention of another political party.
Military background, high intelligence, no known links to
the schemes of vampires — all in all, Mark was a perfect
candidate for the experimentation that led to the Blood
Brothers.

A little mind-bending brought Mark to the appropriate
locale, where he waited, caged, with a half-dozen others, as
the Sabbat sorcerers carefully selected the group that would
be transformed. Even held in a foul warehouse, he was kept
clean and well-fed; after all, the Cainites had no desire to use
substandard test subjects. They entranced him with the rest
of the herd, until he was finally strapped into a chair and
subjected to the twisting rituals that bend flesh together into
an amalgam. His tormentors were vaguely impressed that he
had the strength to keep screaming for three nights, long after
the othersubjects had died, fallen unconscious, orsuccumbed
to gibbering madness.

When Mark and his circle finally awoke from the ritual,
they were quickly indoctrinated into the Sabbat. The haze of
transformation and the ravening hungers of the Beast left
Mark little choice but to capitulate; the brood of eight (with
the failures destroyed) underwent collective training to serve
as front-line fighters for the sect. Two died in their first
encounter with Camarilla combatants; the rest watched,
fought and learned.

As the decades wore on, Mark learned as much as
possible about his new condition and his place in the Sabbat.
Originally built to be subservientand expendable, he brought
his knowledge of military structure and intelligence opera-
tions to the circle; with his initiative and loyalty to the sect,
he rapidly became the leading voice for the circle. By World
War I (during which the brood lost another member in the
fight for influence in heavy industry), Mark was the undis-
puted leader of the group, but he wanted more.

Such initiative was unheard-of among the Blood Broth-
ers. Because he always recognized the power ofcommunication
and information, Mark was quick to realize the value of the
emerging technologies such as radio and television that
followed the World Wars. Adopting personal communica-

(Claupren oF tHe Negi

30


tions allowed his circle to improve its efficiency in combat.
Mark's true interest was piqued, however, with the emer-
gence of the personal computer in the '70s. Foreseeing the
potential of devices that could store and categorize tremen-
dous amounts of data, he and his circle moved to California,
there to watch the developments at the cutting edge of
technology. The anarchs of the free state proved no difficulty
— any who bothered to check into his business generally
didn't believe in the "myths" about the Blood Brothers, and
nosy individual anarchs proved susceptible to the coordi-
nated attacks of the pack.

Armed with a keen intellect and the savings of money
gathered from continued political dabbling, Mark invested in
the development of computer technologies on the West
Coast. As one of the few successful Sabbat operatives there,
he rose in standing among his peers. Finally, when it became
clear that the fractious vampires of California would not or
could not effectively challenge his position, he quietly let the
Sabbat know that he had claimed Torrance for the sect,
which raised him at last to the position of bishop. With his
bald-headed circle mates (Jack, Truman, Karl and Ilse, some-
times facetiously called "Matthew, Luke, John and Mary"),
he enjoys free run of Torrance. Having become part of the
political game on which he once spied, he has discovered a
liking for power, and he encourages young and reckless
Sabbat in his domain to travel outward to neighboring cities,
there to cause trouble or to expand Sabbat influence. Now

firmly and quietly entrenched, he spreads the sect's influence
slowly outward with tools that the elders do not understand.
While the Blood Brothers may be little more thana legend to
most Cainites, Mark's slowly expanding grip has begun to
excite whispers and rumors — most of them making the
Camarilla even more reluctant to send its agents to the
erstwhile free state.

Image: Head and eyebrows shaved bald for the ritual
"Embrace" of the Blood Brothers, Mark has a stern but
nondescript face. His dark grayish-blue eyes are deeply set,
which gives him an intimidating stare. He is not particularly
muscular or large; at 5 feet, 10 inches, he isn't very imposing,
but he has a definite force of personality. Mark capitalizes on
image, so when he wants to look intimidating, he dons
military garb with skinhead overtones; in more urbane set-
tings, he may don a hat or even use makeup to conceal his
otherwise unnervingly hairless face. He rarely smiles. His
broodmates have appearances similar, but not identical, to
his; dressed identically and with a little makeup, any of his
circle could probably pass as him.

Roleplaying Hints: You can be a good soldier, but you
are far too cunning to limit yourself. You're all seriousness; in
social situations, you can feign laughter and jocularity, but
your mind always calculates how you can profit. Despite your
penchant for discipline and your liking of power, you do not
act overtly when opposing your enemies, unless a public
display of force could benefit your image. Rather, you simply

make a few arrangements and have the offending indi-
vidual... removed. The Sabbat has your loyalty, but mostly
because you see the organization as a tool for your own
prominence. Besides, in Torrance, you are often left to your
own devices. Ultimately, itall comes down to one thing: How
can you get what you want?

Clan: Blood Brothers

Sire: None

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Follower

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1872

Apparent Age: between 20 and 40; indeterminate
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy
3, Expression 4, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Performance
3, Security 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Academics 1, Computer 4, Investigation 3,
Law 1, Linguistics (Spanish, French) 2, Occult 1, Politics 2
Disciplines: Dominate 1, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 2, Potence
2, Sanguinus 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Generation 4, Herd 1,
Influence 3, Resources 3, Retainers 2, Sabbat Status 3
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 3, Courage 3

Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 6
Willpower: 6

CicaTRIz, BIsHoOp OF THUANA

Background: Even the refuse of society shunned Cicatriz
duringhisbreathing days, which of course only gave him even
more reason to hate everyone. He may not have mattered
much in life as just another squatter in the sprawling slums of
Mexico City, but he had one thing going for him: an impla-
cable drive to survive. His own brother died at Cicatriz's
hands in the scrabble for sustenance, and the mazelike trash-
heaps of the Hungry Coyote slum honed and punished
uncaringly. Thus it was that he endured his Embrace into the
Sabbat and became a new member of a nomadic pack headed
to the border for war.

Chosen by a Nosferatu for his resilience, Cicatriz pos-
sessed a merciless intensity even as his skin bubbled with the
power of the disfiguring Change. Wailing, hungry and des-
perate, he immediately set upon a weak Cainite of the pack
and drained his precious vitae, to the ecstatic amazement of
the onlooking Sabbat. Even after being struck with a length
of lead pipe (by a vampire straining to keep up the appearance
of pack solidarity), he continued to struggle, and only a brutal
beating from his pack-leader-to-be rendered him uncon-

Caarrer One


scious. When he awoke, the taste of vitae still in his mouth,
he learned what he had become — and laughed.

As a raw recruit in a pack coming back up to strength,
Cicatriz found himself once again the outcast and expend-

able. Quickly learning the ropes, he took it upon himself to
increase his personal power by whatever means necessary.
After a brief clash with the anarchs of San Diego, Cicatriz's
pack headed south again for easier pickings. Along the way,
Cicatriz moved up in the ranks and esteem of his fellows,
carefully choosing his targets of Monomacy as he focused on
his strengths. He painfully earned functional education and
developed the skills necessary to work with his comrades. His
unrelenting nature drove him to master his fears, his weak-
nesses and his fellows.

By the time the pack settled in Oaxatl a decade later,
Cicatriz had assumed the position of pack priest (the previous
priest, conveniently, had no warning when a marauding
group of Lupines "discovered" him huntingalone). Following
mysterious leads gleaned from a lone Country Gangrel, the
pack set about searching for lost artifacts of the native
cultures of central Mexico. It met with more success than
expected — meeting a band of Native American vampires,
the pack discovered the machinations of an ancient who
rested beneath the Mexican desert.

A few Amaranths and five years of studying Mayan texts
later, Cicatriz believed that he had uncovered the resting
place ofagreat pre-Columbian vampire. Incitinghis packmates
with fabulous promises of lost lore and ancient vitae, Cicatriz
convinced them to travel into the uncontested jungles of
South America. What they found in the ruined temples
there, few know; Cicatriz and the other two survivors of his
pack apparently did not sup upon the blood ofan ancient that
time. They did, however, return with bags full of rubbings

from various ancient tablets, plus gold and silver trinkets that
exhibit an eerie sort of resonance when subjected to super-
natural scrutiny. Cicatriz penetrated the tomb and survived,
in partbecause of his utter willingness to sacrifice hispackmates
in order to proceed, even despite the Vaulderie.

Lacking several members and without a coherent direc-
tion, Cicatriz's pack parted ways. The errant Nosferatu went
back to Mexico and settled again in the slums where he had
been born. There, he set about the work of translating the
materials that he had stolen from the ancient's tomb.

Cicatriz did not (and does not) divulge what he discov-
ered in the translations of the old Mayan texts. Instead, he
simply gathered all of his belongings one night and headed to
Tijuana, there to settle at the border. With his breadth of
knowledge and ruthless ways, he quickly seized the title of
bishop of the filth-infested city, and he took it upon himself
to bring the holy war back to the Jyhad. Whatever had been
written in the steaming jungles, it transformed a realist into
a true believer. Shifting his allegiance and beliefs from the
Path of Power and the Inner Voice to the Path of Caine,
Cicatriz took it upon himself to educate his fellow Cainites in
the lost lore of Nod, and to assume a responsibility for the
spiritual and historical side of the Sabbat.

With the recent formal takeover of San Diego by the
Camarilla, Cicatriz has increased his fervor in his demand for
a crusade. Citing dubious texts and claiming that the Final
Nights are near, he has a constant tension with Tara, Prince
of San Diego; the two engage in nightly political maneuver-
ing for control of the border area. Fot his part, Cicatriz does
not explain why he is so ardent in his desire to capture the
city; he simply notes cryptically that "the western pinnacle is
the key to the clanless," and goes about planning more
infiltrations. The other Bishops of Tijuana, of course, haveno
problems with such enthusiasm... especially when it isn't
directed toward climbing the Sabbat hierarchy.

Few doubt that Cicatriz keeps many dark secrets. The
Sabbat Inquisition has had cause to investigate him on
several occasions, buthe hasalways emerged unscathed. Now
a formidable commander of Sabbat ideology and morale, he
is never without some fateful prognostication. A few Noddist
scholars have had the pleasure of discoursing with him in
regard to his passion — Gehenna — and they invariably
leave with the impression that he knows more than he says.
If he is correct, if his interpretations of Noddist scripture and
ancient Mayan are accurate, he may indeed know something
that no other vampire knows — when.

Image: Cicatriz has a large hump behind his left shoul-
der. Although it gives him a crooked posture, it by no means
impairs his walking or his strength. His face is spotted with
scabrous, scaly material, though his intense brown eyes gleam
unhindered from deep-set sockets. His lipless mouth is ragged
and torn from knifelike teeth that jut in every direction. No
hair graces his head; a pair of bony ridges instead make their
way back across his skull to the nape of his neck. His hands

(Ceaupren oF THe Nicer

32


have two thumbs each, with the second thumbs emerging just

below the normal ones, and his digits have no nails.
Roleplaying Hints: Once, you were just a punk and a

beast. You're better than that now: You'rea true monster, and

athinkingone, too. You've overcome adversity and diablerized

your way into a position of prominence, but nothing can

make you forget what you learned in those jungles in South

America. You know the Sabbat's Crusade is wholly just and

necessary, and that the end times are here. You can't let out

too much; if other vampires knew what you'd discovered, it

would trickle back to the Ancients and change their plans.

You're on a timetable now, and you need California so that

you can control one of the linchpins of Gehenna: the ad-

vance of the Demon People, the Cathayans who are coming

to prominence on the West Coast. If you can manage that,

you can bend the prophecies to your timing, and you'll be

teady when it all comes down. Everything else is trivial.

Clan: Nosferatu antitribu

Sire: Humo

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Sadist

Generation: 9th

1944

Apparent Age: Indeterminate

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Intimidation 3,

Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 2, Drive 1, Firearms 2, Melee 2,

Stealth 2, Survival 5

Knowledges: Academics 1, Investigation 4, Linguistics (En-

glish, Mayan) 2, Occult 5, Politics 3, Science 1

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Fortitude 1, Necromancy 1, Ob-

fuscate 2, Potence 3

Necromancy Paths: Sepulchre Path 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 1, Resources 2, Rituals

4, Sabbat Status 3

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 4, Courage 4

Morality: Path of Caine 6

Derangements: Gluttony

Willpower: 7

OTHER SABBAT CAINITES OF
Note

Embrace:

Vincent Day, DALADINAND DARAGON
Background: The third son of an English lord, Vincent
Day seemed destined for service to the Church. Upon
Vincent's coming of age, his father sent him to Canterbury
Cathedral to join the clergy. Having no interest in the
priesthood, Vincent ran away and went to France. He used

his title to gain entrance into the Templars, and was soon on
his way to the Levant.

Vincent's disillusionment grew ashe discovered that the
Christians were losing ground. The Crusades were a stale-
mate, seemingly fought for nothing. The bloodshed and
atrocities shattered his idealism, and he returned to Europe as
the Templars retreated. Upon returning to France, Vincent
undertook a pilgrimage to Rome to restore his lost faith.

Italy invigorated his faith, but not in the Church. With
its impressive architecture and emphasis on learning and
culture, Italy seemed a far cry from rural England. While
Vincent was in Italy, King Philip IV of France, in the name
of the Inquisition, tried the Templars for heresy. On hearing
thenews, Vincent vowed to return to England and makea life
for himself there, abandoning the order.

Vincent returned as the prodigal son and was welcomed
back into his father's manor. His newfound idealism didn't
last long. Although England had formed a parliament, noth-
ing had really changed. He fell into a depression and fueled
it with liquor.

Leander Phipps changed all that with a vicious Embrace.
Leander opened Vincent's eyes to who really held the reigns
of power: Cainites. As a vampire, Vincent thought he pos-
sessed the power to change the world, and he soon found out
how wrong he was. Vampiric society was even more auto-
cratic than mortal society. A few moldering elders heldall the
power, and treated their childer as nothing more than tools
orcannon fodder. Leander proved to be no different than any
of the other elders. Vincent suffered in silence, biding his
time until he could rise against his sire.

Vampiric society finally reached a boiling point. Work-
ing with like-minded others, Vincent fought in the Anarch
Revolt to throw off the yoke of the elders. With a single swing

~- of his sword, Vincent removed both his sire's head and the

Caarrer One

33


"shackles of slavery" Leander had imposed on him. Vincent
took the news of the Convention of Thorns and the founding
of the Camarilla as a personal insult. Afterall he'd fought for,
nothing had changed. The elders still lorded over younger
vampires.

The Sabbat finally gave Vincent the focus and goals of
which he'd always dreamed. Eventually, he left England for
the New World as a member of the fledgling Sabbat. He
incorporated his beliefs from his Templar days into the ideals
of the sect and helped found the Path of Honorable Accord.
He worked his way up the ranks, and again became a templar,
but fora more unwholesome patron this time. His exemplary
performance gained the attention of the Inquisitor General,
who retained his services.

He nowservesas bodyguard, emissary and enforcer to the
Inquisition, though he refuses to become a full-fledged mem-
ber, seeing it as a conflict of interests to put a faction before
hisduty to the sect. When Vincent Day shows up ina city, the
normally unruly Sabbat not only listen but obey, for his
reputation precedes him.

Image: A tall, lean build coupled with angular, aristo-
cratic features only enhance Vincent's regal bearing. Hisdark
hair is meticulously groomed, and his gray eyes cast a wither-
ing glare. Vincent carries himself with an air of authority and
dignity that few in the modern world can match. The scar
that crosses his body serves only to enhance his aura of
experience.

Roleplaying Hints: Be always dignified, noble, and
honorable. Whereas many in the Sabbat participate in base
pleasures, hold yourself above them. Many in the Sabbat
succumb to those pleasures, which can lead only to infernalism.
You fight for a higher purpose. Think of yourself as a dark
knight. God may have abandoned you, but great evils do exist
and should be fought. The Antediluvians are real, and
Gehenna is coming; be ready. Watch everything, and be
aware of the effects your environment may bring'about.
Clan: Ventrue antitribu
Sire: Leander Phipps
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Cavalier
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1327
Apparent Age: mid-30s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Interrogation 3,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 4
Skills: Fire Dancing3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee
4, Ride 3, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Academics 2, Black Hand Lore 2, Bureaucracy
4, Camarilla Lore 2, Clan Knowledge (Ventrue) 3, Finance

1, Investigation 2, Medicine 1, Occult 4, Politics 3, Sabbat
Lore 4

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude 3, Potence 3,
Presence 2, Thaumaturgy 3

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 3, Gift of Morpheus 2,
Spirit Manipulation 2

Backgrounds: Resources 3, Sabbat Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Path of Honorable Accord 9

Willpower: 9

Montcomery (Mont v) Coven, THe ONCE
AND FOREVER PRINCE

Background: Growing up isn't easy for anyone in
London's Hammersmith ghetto. Born there by chance or
brought there by fate, the residents survive by whatever
means necessary. Montgomery Coven was one such unfortu-
nate, an heir to a life of poverty and crime.

Life on the streets agreed with Monty's temperament ifnot his
inclination. Asachild, Monty desired an affluent lifestyle for which
his disposition was most certainly not suited. He grew to resent
anyone who possessed the life he wanted to live but could nothave.
Farbeyondsimpleenvy, Monty blamedeveryonearoundhim forhis
station in life. His perception drove him to acts of rebellion and
crime. He took those thingshe craved by force, usually leaving the
original owner crippled or even dead.

Despite a mediocre education, he quickly asserted himself
over his peers with his keen intellect and sharp wit. A natural
leader, Monty called all the shots for his gang of friends.
Although still not satisfied, he was at least in charge of his life,
until fate stepped in. His outstanding leadership qualities, along
with his penchant for miscreant behavior, made him a prime
candidate for indoctrination into the Sabbat.

After the Embrace, Monty once again became a cog in
the machine. Despite the promises of immortal freedom, he

(Geapeen oF tH: Nica

34

found himself at the end ofa leash tighter than his childhood
poverty. No longer master of his own destiny, Monty resented
for the Sabbat leaders more each time they pulled his reins.
While effective asa pack member, he bore his leaders no love
and patiently waited the proper time to throw off their yoke.

Fate again intervened to assure Monty's freedom just as it
assured his further damnation. He happened across the
Methuselah Mithras, who wasslaughteringapack of werewolves
but was in turn laid low by them. As Monty approached the
notorious ancient's broken form, Mithras could only stare in
horror. Laughing at his luck, Monty realized he'd found the
opportunity to beat his Sabbat masters at their own game by
outstripping their potency tenfold. In his weakened state,
Mithrascould not prevent the act of diablerie, and his body died
the Final Death. Yet, unbeknownst to Monty, something of
Mithrassurvived the encounter—something that would prove
far too powerful for the opportunistic neonate.

Theboundsofthe Vaulderie shattered inan instantasMithras'
potentvitae flowed through Monty's veins. Thecombined painand
ecstasy drove Monty into a fit of rage that lasted for three nights.
Afterthe third night, he arose from the London sewers where he had
found himself and gazed upon the city witha whole new outlook—
an outlook that was not entirely Montgomery Coven's.

While the old Monty could think only of revenging
himself on his Sabbat masters, the new Monty began to
calculate the steps necessary to topple the Camarilla in
London and seize power for himself.

Under the sway of Mithras' blood, Monty once again
sought out his Sabbat comrades. Almost immediately, he
challenged the leader — his sire, Garson — to a duel. Monty
won easily, and he assumed leadership even as he consumed
the last drop of Garson's blood. The evening's Vaulderie
assured Monty of his pack's continued loyalty as Mithras'
vitae, even diluted, overpowered the simple neonates.

Monty hasn't been himself lately. He finds his own
lifestyle growing more alien by the night. He has abandoned
his packmates and severed all ties with his past. His personal
tastes have changed, including his preference for sharp cloth-
ing and London whores. Monty stares incredulously in the
mirrorat the man heno longer recognizes. He even doubts his
own thoughts at times. Within Monty's mind, hazy memories
of Roman campaigns clash with those of gang fights on the
streets of modern London.

It is only a matter of time until Mithras again rises to
prominence in the body of Monty Coven. Soon, every
remnant of the young vampire's psyche will be erased and the
old prince will walk again.

Image: Monty's light-brown skin has grown darker since the
diablerie. Although embraced in his early 20s, his eyes betray an
ancient, haunted mind. He has given up his polished shoes and
expensive wardrobe for simple, loose-fitting garments.

Roleplaying Hints: Never one to bend to the will of
another, you find yourself in a bizarre predicament. Does

another soul control your actions and even your very mind?
Mithras' vitae has cleansed your body of any loyalty to the
Sabbat, but have you exchanged one pair of shackles for
another? Although you have gained power and knowledge
from the ancient vampire, you are beginning to worry about
the changes the diablerie has wrought.

Clan: Assamite antitribu

Sire: Garson the Knife

Nature: Conniver (Autocrat)

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: Monty was Embraced as I Ith generation. After
the diablerie of Mithras, he has effectively become 6th
generation. Monty can barely control the Methuselah's
powerful vitae, however, leading to wild fluctuations in
ability for the nascent elder.

Embrace: 1990

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Intimidation 6,
Leadership 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 5, Melee 6, Security 3,
Stealth 4

Knowledges: Academics 1, Area Knowledge (London) 7,
Expert Knowledge: Military Science 6, Finance 4, Linguis-
tics 4, Politics 2

Disciplines: Dominate 4, Celerity 5, Fortitude 4, Obfuscate
5, Potence 4, Presence 4, Quietus 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 2, Resources 3, Retainers 3
Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 3, Morale 4

Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 4
Willpower: 6

ANKA, DRIESTESS OF THORNS

Background: Anka turned 10 years old in 1910, at the
end of the new Mexican Golden Age. Thirty-four years of
economic growth came to an end as one rebellion followed
another. As always, the peasants suffered. And as always,
they found ways to survive.

Anka's mother made a coarse living for her family by
whoring fora gang ofbanditos. They lived onasmall compound
the outlaws used as a staging point for raids. The men of the
compound saw hints of Anka's future beauty and teased her or
fawned over her. When her mother saw this behavior, she beat
Anka — not to keep her from following in her own footsteps,
but from jealousy of her daughter's youth and beauty.

During a drunken Cinco de Mayo celebration in 1914,
Anka'slife changed. Around midnight, Rego, the closest thing
that the banditos had to a leader, took Anka to his room "to
make a woman of her." Anka's mother burst in a few minutes
later. Screaming, she grabbed her half-naked daughter by the

Gaarter One


hairand dragged her into the road, kicking heras they went. For
the first time — and to the absolute delight of the gawking
banditos — Anka fought back against her mother. She managed
to grab up a clay jug and use it to beat the older woman to the
ground. Anka literally kicked her mother until the older woman
was off the premises, then promised to kill her if she ever came
back. That was the last Anka ever saw of her mother.

The closest thing to a display of affection that Anka had
ever known was the pawing of dirty, callused hands, so she
took to prostitution easily. To the bitter disappointment of
the other men, she spent most of her time with Rego—unless
she needed something from one of them. Eventually, her
bedroom advice grew to guide Rego's decisions and slowly she
acquired influence in the compound through him. Several of
the banditos muttered angrily that no puta had the right to tell
them what to do, but none of them dared challenge Rego —
at least not to his face.

Two years after Anka's "rise to power," the other banditos
killed Rego. Evenas he lay in the dust, tugging at the pitchfork
in his throat, his assailants turned their attention to Anka.
They beat her and raped her repeatedly. She was informed
that her position within the compound had changed; after
many hours they left her semi-conscious on the floor.

At four o'clock that morning, Anka set fire to the bunk-
house. Strong hands pounded the door, but a carefully placed
wagon kept it from opening. The men's curses turned to
pleading, then screams, which finally stopped when the blazing
ceiling caved in. Once the searing heat subsided, Anka counted
the bodies in the rubble then fell to the ground as if dead.

When Ankaawoke again, it was night. By the light of the
moon, she saw that her head rested in the lap of an Indian
woman. The woman stroked her hair and laughed and chat-
tered, apparently to herself. Oddly, Anka was not afraid of the
woman or concerned about the charred bodies nearby. She

felt detached and calm, like she did when she drank just the
tight amount of tequila.

The woman's name was Yalonda. She said that she was
proud of Anka's actions, and that she had watched her over
the years in hopes that Anka might reach this point. Yalonda
kissed Anka's cheek and neck, a cold affection unlike Rego's
passionate, if selfish, motions. Anka felt no pain, but she was
soon overwhelmed and swooned from the woman's Embrace.

Anka acclimated to the unlife of a Ravnos antitribu very
quickly. Her damnation troubled her little. Her mother had
assured her from earliest childhood that an unchristened bas-
tard-child like herself would certainly burn in Hell, so she had
accepted that fate long ago. With this damnation, however,
came power. For that she was grateful. As a mere child plying
sexual wiles, she'd done well. With the supernatural ability to
confuse and control minds, she saw no limits to her potential.

For years, Anka used her Cainite gifts to collect estates:
She cajoled elderly rich men into disowning their heirs and
making her their beneficiary. The owners usually died shortly
thereafter. Once she took possession of a property, she would
abandon the place, letting it fall into ruin, and move on to
new conquests. Despite owning these fine estates, once she
learned to meld with the earth she slept in the desert — a
quirk that saved her from Final Death.

In 1961, all of Anka's homes burned to the ground
during a single day. Anka went berserk with rage when she
awoke the next night. She didn't care about the houses
themselves, but someone was striking at her and that could
notgo unpunished. It took her many months to find out what
had happened: Apparently, one of her estate acquisitions
damaged the business dealings of a certain well-heeled
Lasombra. His reaction had been intended to destroy her.

Thisnews made Anka smile just alittle. The humans she
manipulated no longer offered her a challenge. She had
grown restless without realizing it. It was time to spread her
wings, and sparring with a vastly more powerful vampire
appealed to her. Anka spent a decade gathering a small pack
of Mexican Sabbat and training them to suit her needs.

The pack now resides in Mexico City. Here, slums filled
with the most wretched kine imaginable surround skyscrap-
ers that house fabulous wealth. Hundreds of vampires subsist
on more than 20 million vessels. Here, it is impossible to find
a savvy vampire who does not wish to be found.

Ankarelishesthe gamesheplays with herunknowingLasombra
rival. Once a year, her pack infiltrates one of his critical business
concems. They study its weaknesses and plan an attack. They then
bum, break or murder until they are satisfied, and then they slink
back to the slums tofeaston the destitute. The Lasombrafop hasno
idea of his torturer's identify. Eventually, either he will discover
Anka and kill her, or she will grow bored, decide the game is won
and move on to another.

Image: Anka's brown eyes peer from beneath shoulder-
length locks of wavy black hair. Her petite frame is eternally


on the budding edge of womanhood, but scars on her shoul-
ders and back are sobering to admirers. When she is enraged,
almost 100 years of ill-focused anger shows on her brow,
however, and few can face her in this state.

Roleplaying Hints: You once thought that you sought
power, but your real goal is winning. If an object or a kine
strikes your fancy, you come to possess it — or destroy it if you
can't own it. Once possessed, the item is worthless — unless
someone else wants it more than you do. If you are slighted,
you seek revenge, though notheedlessly, and you do not fight
with claws if you can win through deceit and manipulation.
Clan: Ravnos antitribu
Sire: Yalonda
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Celebrant
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1916
Apparent Age: mid-teens
Physic
: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Acrobatics 3, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Performance 4,
Security 2, Stealth 2, Survival 4, Vamp 4
Knowledges: Finance 2, Law 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 1
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Chimerstry 3, Protean 3

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Soc

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4

Derangements: Nymphomania

Willpower: 6

JAYNEJONESTOWN, THE CELEBRITY

Background: Life should have held nothing remarkable
for the Midwestern white trash who would later become one of
the world's most celebrated (and reviled) musicians. After a
dozen years of poor parenting, BB-gun duels and frog baseball,
"Jayne's" family relocated to Florida, to eke out the rest of their
cockroach-like existencesamid double-wide trailersand Pontiac
Firebirds mounted perennially upon cinder blocks.

In the throes of adolescent alienation, "Jayne" turned to
rebellion, Satanism and roleplaying games. Ignored by his
parents, tormented by school bullies and addled by narcotics,
he created a dark world of imagination into which he could
retreat when the real world overwhelmed him. "Jayne's"
schoolwork suffered, though he became adept at writing
provocative short stories and poems. In time, even these
outlets displayed more and more morbidity, and "Jayne's" life
continued to spiral into the dumpster.

And then things changed. "Jayne" meta fellow outcast at
a dismal goth club, and the two immediately embarked on a
musical career. Naming their band Jayne Jonestown and the

Graveyard Skullfuckers, the pair acquired no small degree of
local infamy. Their music consisted primarily of industrial and
death-metal-influenced juvenalia, but the sheer shock value of
their shows — women in cages, coprophagia, overt sex acts and
the like — earned the band the admiration of other "freaks,"
which delighted Jayne (who had legally changed his name) to
no end. Having outgrown his own teenage depression, he saw
avast, untapped market looking for an antihero to cling to, and
he determined to be that very antihero. The band hired two
more musicians and hit the road on a tour of Florida.

Jayne would have likely remained a shock act in backwater
Florida until the band covered David Bowie's classic "Heroes" in its
trademark, overwroughtand cinematically spooky style. The cover
received national airplay in heavy rotation. Before long, the emo-
tionally isolated youth of America had rallied to Jayne Jonestown's
banner, driving their parents berserk with his music and wearing T-
shirts festooned with slogans such as "Eat Your Parents" and "My
Evil Knows No Bounds." Jayne Jonestown concerts even attracted
their fair share of vampires, who either missed the joke and took it
seriously or appreciated the lampooning of the mortal society in
which they lurked. Infact,aSabbat Brujah took Jayne'sjokeonestep
further — he Embraced the star after the band's concert was shut
down by police in Miami.

After his Embrace, Jayne's interest in the morbid renewed,
and the band recorded a magnum opus of an album. The hit,
Satanophile, was an operatic paean to the "dark side" of the
unexamined life, but another example of Jayne's cunning lay
beneath all the bombast and irony. Since becoming a Cainite,
he managed to ingratiate himself with certain members of the
Inquisition, who had no idea of the performer's true nature.
They regarded his ever-stranger appearance as a bizarre stig-
mata, and he was able to convince them that his music served
to "flush out" unholy elements such as vampires, cultists and
other unsavory individuals. To this night, Jayne wields his

Charter One

37


minor influence in the Society of Leopold as a weapon against
those vampires to whom he takes a dislike — with the
Inquisition's blessing. Indeed, Jayne wonders if the Society
would even mind the fact that he is a vampire, as he is one of
their greatest tools in destroying so many others of the Damned.

Jayne's latest album, The Soul Menagerie, explores the themes
of excess and the media, and several of the songs make blatant
referencestovampiresand thesociety oftheundead. Needlesstosay,
this cavalier openness has almost assured him a place on the
Camarilla's Red List, but the glam treatment of the new album
leaves listeners knowing that the "vampire" angle issimply the star's
depiction of the music industry and press. Not that Jayne would care
either way — he's in this for the thrill.

That being the case, much of Jayne's unlife consists of
touring, doing the radio circuits (usually by phone), imbibing
drug-laced blood, acting promiscuously ("for appearance's
sake") and generally scaring the hell out of people he meets
face-to-face. Many young vampires from the Camarilla and
Sabbat alike even consider themselves fans of Jayne's music,
seeing rebellion in it — however empty — against the
established pillars of vampire society. Exactly how long the
star will be able to balance on the razor's edge between his
vampiric condition, the perils of celebrity and the torches of
the Inquisition remains to be seen.

Image: Jayne has a freakish yet contrived look, too pol-
ished to truly represent the depravity in which he claims to
partake. His distorted eyes are the product of contact lenses, his
"hair" is a collection of wigs donned for certain occasions and
his clothes bear the quality and calculated excess of expensive
designer labels. His favorite outfit suggests a puritan origin,
which works both ironically and earnestly in the context of
Jayne's relation to the Society of Leopold.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the ultimate rock star,
stringing people along, indulging in high-profile excess,
making intentionally puerile music for the sole intent of
angering parents — whose children then rush out to buy your
albums. Nothing is too extreme for you to take part in, as long
as someone's watching. Away from the glitter and lights, you
maintain a fairly pedestrian unlife, most of which involves
recuperating from your escapades of violence and debauch-
ery. Preen and posture for the public, and maybe have your
entourage rough up anyone who gives you any trouble — oh,
and maybe this "Sabbat" thing needs some attention, too...
Clan: Brujah antitribu
Sire: Warren Bryant
Nature: Masochist
Demeanor: Creep Show
Generation: 12th
Embrace: 1993
Apparent Age: late 20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Expression 3, Lead-
ership 1, Masquerade 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 1, Performance (over-the-top pop-
star music) 4, Security 1

Knowledges: Academics 2, Computer 2, Expert Knowledge:
Suburban Angst 4, Finance 2, Investigation 2, Law 1, Occult
2, Politics 1

Disciplines: Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Fame 4, Herd 3, Influ-
ence 1, Resources 4, Retainers 5, Rituals 1, Sabbat Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 6

Derangements: Satyriasis

Willpower: 4

Unre, Keeper of GOLGOTHA

Background: For centuries, the Harbingers of Skulls seethed
in impotent rage, trapped beyond the wall of death. Only the
nigrimancies of the Capuchin and Unre, each working from opposite
sides of the Shroud, managed to open a portal that allowed the
Harbingers to once again join the realm of the living.

And what a joining it was.

Enraged by her bloodline's containment beyond the
Shroud, Unre had nearly two centuries in which to sink into
madness. When she returned, it was as if every ounce of hate
and spite the Underworld possessed was visited upon the
lands of the living. She had watched the Camarilla stand by
in the early nights as a rogue necromancer drained her
grandsire of his precious vitae. She had endured three centu-
ries of persecution at the hands of that necromancer's family.
She had suffered a final, painful banishment to the realm of
the dead and the collapse of the bloodline she once held dear.

But Unre was not one to wallow in the tragedies of the
past. Subsisting on the only vitae she could find in the
Shadowlands — that of her fellow trapped Cainites — Unre
learned the potent abilities of death-magic. So prodigious
were her abilities that she was able to contact her sire across.
the veil of death and inform him of the plight of his childer.

Atfirst, Japheth resisted, claiming that the events to which
Fate had led the Brood of Ashur should not be reversed. As he
dealtmore and more with the Giovanni family, however, a great
chancre grew in his soul and he began to see that their
prominence was debt the necromancers owed him. Striking a
tenuous agreement with Unre, Japheth agreed to help her
perform the ritual that would free them from their unholy
entrapment, but only if she agreed to play out the hand he had
set. Unre agreed reluctantly, with the fervid hatred burning in
her undead veins, and the Harbingers returned.

Since that time, Japheth (among his many guises) has
influenced the bloodline to join the Sabbat — an unpopular
decision among the 25 or so remaining Harbingers. To that
end, however, they have led the Sword of Caine into believ-
ing that they wield immense power, and they have
accumulated much clout within the sect.

(Coupen oF He Niger

38


Until the time is right for their inscrutable, vengeful
masterstroke, the Harbingers play the elders' game, guiding
the Sabbat toward their own ends in every way they can.
Unre herselfisa master at the ruse, even going so far as to trap
her rivals' souls in their own bones or ash-heaps after they
have met the Final Death so that she may continue to use
them. Fearsome rumors spread through the sect of her prow-
ess, and many Cainites of the Black Hand beseech her favor.
Like a witch-woman of medieval nights, she helps them fora
fee, even as they deride her once safely out of earshot. Unre
finds such double-dealing familiar, however, and she pays no
heed to the others' ignorantprattling. Afterall, once the time
is right, she will be mistress over all of them. Thatis, once she
and her sire attain the status of gods...

Fortunately for Unre, she has managed to parlay her
extensive necromantic abilities into a web of favors owed by
many, many vampires — Sabbat and otherwise. In her few
short years among the Cainites of the Black Hand, she has
amassed the level of respect commanded by only the most
august prisci and archbishops. Indeed, many of the powerful
elders of the Sabbat see her as a potent threat. She seems to
have some unknown rivalry with Sascha Vykosas well—one
that stems from the events of years prior — but none among
the Sabbat have been foolhardy enough to question her on
the matter. That way lies ruin, certainly.

In the modern nights, Unre makes her haven beneath
the swirling sands of Egypt. A vast, sprawling affair, the haven

has earned the name Golgotha, as it is festooned with corpses
and zombu in various states of decomposition. Unre conducts
grim rituals, vivisections and experiments there, in the deep-
est bowels of what amounts to a personal underground city.
Even eldritch Istvan Zantosa finds the place uncomfortable,
"littered as it is with the skulls, teeth and less wholesome
remains of those who stood against her."

Image: As a Harbinger of Skulls, Unre's face resembles
nothing so much asa grinning rictus with glowing eyespots. She
wears a tattered body wrap made from the cured flesh of young
virgins. Perhaps the most striking feature Unre displays, how-
ever, is her mask. While many Harbingers wear masks to hide
their hideous skull-heads, Unre takes the opposite approach.
Her mask, carved from the head ofa massive bull, wearsa crown
of disturbingly small human skulls. Her movements are slow
and balletic, suggesting a grim reaper from a baroque play.

Roleplaying Hints: You are turbulent and violent, unless
a radical mood swing or fugue state dominates your presence of
mind. The Sabbat is merely a tool for directing your vengeance
on your enemies, and you treat all of its young members with
withering disdain. Even the elders of the sect— particularly the
treacherous Sascha Vykos—have earned your derision. In your
opinion, they have settled into a comfortable hypocrisy, con-
tent to while away their nights in petty games. You have no
hatred so great as that which you harbor for the Giovanni,
however. They have robbed you repeatedly over the course of
centuries —first of your grandsire's lofty goals, most recently of
the Sargon Fragment and the Anexhexeton and numerous times
in between. All others are puppets in your rancorous play — of
which you have every intent of writing the final act.

Clan: Harbingers of Skulls

Sire: Japheth

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Guru

Generation: 5th

Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: Indeterminate

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 6, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Expres-
sion 4, Grace 4, Intimidation 5, Intuition 3, Leadership 1,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 1, Herbalism 6, Melee 2, Perfor-
mance 3, Survival 7

Knowledges: Academics 8, Enigmas 6, Finance 2, Investiga-
tion 3, Linguistics (English, French, Arabic, Latin) 3, Occult
6, Research 5, Sabbat Lore 2

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Chimerstry 1, Dominate 5, Fortitude
8, Necromancy 8, Obfuscate 3, Serpentis 3, Thanatosis 4
Necromantic Paths: Ash Path 5, Bone Path 5, Mortuus Path
5, Sepulchre Path 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 4, Retainers 4, Sabbat
Status 5

Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Morality: Path of the Bones

Derangements: Paranoia, Fugue

Willpower: 6



GNP fo eam gat

Tell me why your conscience lies

And all your guilt is gone

Don't you feel you ever could be wrong?
— Godhead, "Suffer"

The Camarilla: the ivory tower.

Since its inception, the Camarilla has suffered the ire of
its opponents and enjoyed the opulence of its noble origins.
At once the corrupt aristocracy and the righteous shepherd
of predators, the Camarilla nears the edge more and more
each night. As it tightens its grip ever increasingly, vampires
slip through like grains of sand. The Gangrel have gone, the
Sabbat has seized the East Coast, and the alien Cathayans
surge into the anarch free state like the proverbial barbarians
at the gate. How much more can the Camarilla lose before
the ivory tower becomes a charred ruin?

As headstrong as it is, however, the Camarilla is neither
stupid nor complacent. At a recent meeting of the Inner
Council at Ghent (notable in its change from the traditional
location in Venice), the most exalted Kindred of the sect
reached a landmark decision. At last putting their petty
games of Jyhad and one-upmanship behind, the sect's leaders
acknowledged the crumbling state of affairs as Gehenna
draws nigh. By electing the most capable group of justicars in
any of the assembled vampires' long memories, the Camarilla
has risen to the challenge posed by the modern fulfillment of
apocalyptic prophecies. As the Sabbat rises, as the previously
ridiculed Time of Thin Blood has inexorably arrived, and as
an ominous red star has revealed itself in the night sky, the six
mighty clans have accepted the mantle of responsibility with
their undeath.

Only time will tell if they are to succeed.

THEJUSTICARS

JAROSLAV PASCEHK, BRUJAHJUSTICAR

Background: Born to a Slavic man and an itinerant
Gypsy woman, Jaroslav was left for dead by his mother near
the border of what would eventually be modern Germany. A
Franciscan friar rescued him from death and brought the boy
toamonastery, where the churchmen raised him asa "collec-
tiveson". The brothers nurtured the boy and ground into him
a fierce devotion to God and the certain knowledge that he
was the product of sin, that he was part-devil due to his Gypsy
heritage. The beatings he endured and the lessons he studied
left Jaroslav with a towering fury he channeled into his views
of God and Man.

Atage 18, Jaroslav found himselfadrift in a crisis of faith.
His personal vision of the unity between Man and God, with
the Church as compassionate and pure link, was constantly
being exposed asa lie. Every time the young monk saw the lay
clergy indulge in worldly sin or vice, he became that much
more convinced of the need to cleanse the Church.

Soon, Jaroslav convinced himself that he was God's
chosen instrument of cleansing. A full century-and-a-half
before Martin Luther, Jaroslav began his own Reformation.
He swept through the rural northern areas of the Holy
Roman Empire to preach his doctrine of purity and holiness.
Jaroslav soon realized that preaching itself had little effect.

Gurr Two


He and the small group of followers he had assembled added
direct action to their words. As they moved through the
countryside, they undertook a campaign of terror. They
murdered churchmen they judged as impious, they destroyed
false relics and continued to preach against the vice of the
Church.

Jaroslav's crusade might have started the Reformation a
century early had it not been for a quirk of fate bringing him
into the world of the undead.

During a nighttime rally that culminated in the fiery
destruction of a cathedral, a crazed Jaroslav stood in front of
the burning building and exhorted the mob to purify the
corruption all around. But eyes that glittered with something
besides fanaticism also watched him from the darkness.
Others saw the strength and ferocity in the young man, and
they wanted to use him for their own purposes.

Aweek later, twoshadowy figures offered Brother Jaroslav
a way to gain great power for his crusade. They spoke with
magnetism and persuasiveness, and they radiated an aura of
power. Jaroslav took these eerie, otherworldly visitors to be
agents of God and agreed to join their cause.

The Embrace changed Jaroslav's faith in God. No longer
did he walk in God's light, for the Lord had forsaken him to
the darkness. Jaroslav felt he had given his soul so that he
might more easily purify others. The tenuous grip he had on
reality faltered, and he threw himself fully into the world of
the undead.

His new "parish," a coterie of Brujah who hunted in the
city of Munich, convinced Jaroslav that the vampiric world
was as full of corruption as the Church was. In fact, many
undead supposedly masqueraded as clerics.

These Brujah allowed Jaroslav to destroy vampires they
demonstrated to be agents of Satan. Often, these targets were
simply enemies of Jaroslav's coterie and sire, butsoon Jaroslav

branched out independently to ones who meddled in the
spiritual realm, and he destroyed Cainites whom he believed
to be taking advantage of gullible mortals.

The coterie had no lack of enemies to persecute, and
Jaroslav's first century passed in a haze of blood and gore.

Those carmine nights ended with the founding of the
Camarilla. After the Convention of Thorns, a tired Jaroslav
decided to leave the ken of the world and trust this new sect
to curb the excesses of the undead. He hoped that hiding
among humankind would put an end to those Kindred posing
as angels or spirits. Upon finding an ancient Roman crypt,
Jaroslav entered torpor.

Jaroslav rose again in the mid-17th century. The
Camarilla was still strong, but during Jaroslav's long sleep the
Sabbat had attained some prominence. Jaroslav saw fighting
these Kindred as his new calling, perceiving in them every
trait and evil that he had railed against centuries before.
Gathering a coterie of other vampires, he established himself
as the scourge of the wicked Sabbat tostrike fear intoeven the
most secure of cardinals.

For the next 200 years, Jaroslav continued his crusade,
and for his efforts was officially made an archon in 1834.
Jaroslav served nominally under the old Brujah justicar,
Carlak (who served multiple terms as justicar), but the
archon often acted alone. With a diligence and directness
that bordered on obsession, he and his agents rooted out
Sabbat or anarchs who ignored the Traditions. By the mid-
20th century, Jaroslav had come full circle. He stood at the
vanguard of an institution as calcified and corrupt as the
Church had been in his youth.

Jaroslav's election to the post of justicar is a move to add
some experience and drive to the new corps of Camarilla
enforcers. He has many tried and true methods of investiga-
tion, judgment and punishment. Most of these techniques are
quite severe, if not vicious, in their execution, involving
mutilation, coerced "confessions" and worse. Indeed, Jaroslav
seems to have taken his cues from the Inquisitors of yore.
Some other archons and justicars, notably the Tremere,
Anastasz di Zagreb, have noted that Jaroslav's edicts and
actions have lately become bloodier and swifter.

Recently, Jaroslav has received intelligence from agents
in and around Montreal, which has prompted him to set up
an intelligence center in Ottawa. He plans to topple the
oldest North American Sabbat stronghold asa message to all
Kindred anda personal jab in the eye of the powerful Cardinal
Strathcona.

Image: Jaroslav has simple tastes. When he is on "official
business," he wears a conservative suit cut in English fashion,
with a single white orchid in his lapel. When moving in on
a target, he strikes and is gone so quickly, no one can tell what
he is wearing. Jaroslav has sandy hair and piercing hazel eyes.
He stands at just over five feet and has surprisingly delicate
hands.

Chinoren oF THE Nic

4


Roleplaying Hints: You have been chosen by God and
the Camarilla to flay the Sabbat from the earth. The Sabbat
are soulless beasts to be annihilated before they destroy all
Kindred. Others who break the Traditions are obvious trai-
tors to the principles of the Camarilla and not much better.
Yousee yourselfas fair and just, but you lost any sense of mercy
years ago. Although you maintain a veneer of Old World
charm, the Beast claws at you, which makes you erratic at
times (most often when you come close to making a judg-
ment). To discover the truth, no technique or method is too
extreme. Once you've made your judgment, your sentence is
swift and severe.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Jann Berger

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1371

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Diplomacy 2,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Melee 5 (cudgel), Security 4,
Stealth 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Bureaucracy 4, Camarilla Lore 4,
Investigation 6, Law 4, Linguistics (a breadth of European
languages) 4, Occult 3, Politics 3, Sabbat Lore 3, Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 5, Dominate 2, Fortitude 3,
Potence 5, Presence 3, Obfuscate 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Influence 2, Resources 4,
Retainers 2, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 4

Derangements: Sanguinary animism

Willpower: 6

Maris STRECK, MALKAVIANJUSTICAR
Background: As the child ofa merchant family fallenon
difficult times, Maris grew up in hardship and poverty. Once
she entered her teens, she developed a taste for burglary and
managed to attain quite an impressive skill at invading
others' homes. She likewise developed a keen sense for
finding hidden valuables. Her career might have continued
indefinitely had she not been caught in one Lutz von
Hohenzollern's home in the dead of night. He was reputed to
be very eccentric, as he kept lamps burning late into the
night, and only his servants would come out by day. None in
Hohenzollern had ever seen him. This ignited her curiosity.
Lutz detected Maris as she stealthily entered his manor
through a side door. He chose to stalk her rather than eject

her. He inflicted visions upon herand enhanced her paranoia
toa fever pitch. Atthe moment she finally broke, he gave her
the Embrace and locked her away while she suffered the
ravages of the change and dying.

Malkav's blood taught Maris a very important lesson:
Crime demands justice, and the strong must enforce it over
the weak of heart. She understood that she had committed
wrongs against destiny when she committed the sin of steal-
ing, and that this living death was her punishment.

Maris learned everything Lutz had to teach her about the
Curse, her new power and the madness suffusing her blood.
She was uncertain whether Lutz should suffer for killing her,
or ifhe had only acted as an instrument of fate. This dilemma
tormented her for decades. His choice of entertainment only
complicated the matter, as he would select mortals from
influential families, or even the childer of other Kindred, and
force them to act out twisted passion plays of his own
devising. These events invariably ended with the death or
torture of at least some of the participants. Maris might have
tried to stop this activity had Lutz not convinced her that his
victims deserved the punishments to which he subjected
them.

Maris would only drink the blood of criminals or the
insane, never that of the innocent. An avenging angel, she
felt, even a fallen one, should never strike the pure of heart.
She learned how to use her undead proclivities to find those
truly deserving of damnation and send them screaming into
their own personal hells. The murderer might relive his crime
from the vantage of his victims over and over again, or the liar
might be compelled to admit the truth to individuals she had
wronged — or Maris might simply kill them.

Ultimately, Maris came to see Lutz for the unjust mon-
ster he was, that the tormenthe inflicted on others was purely

Guam Two

4B

forhis own amusement. She decided to inform the families of
his latest round of victims and allow them to decide his
punishment. She left his manor but stayed in Hohenzollern
long enough to see what the townspeople decided to doabout
his crimes. Some of the bereaved needed a little extra incen-
tive to convince them — modified memories here, a little
insanity there, and they were ready to accept Lutz's responsi-
bility for the disappearances.

She left for Munich the night after he was dragged from
his manor into the daylight.

Marisserved the Prince of Munich fora timeasan investigator
before moving on. She leamed everything she could about each
vampire she foundandkeptnotesin herown personal shorthand for
later use. None were safe from temptation, she decided; all Kindred
eventually fell todamnation. Then, and only then, would she bring
justice to them. Even so, she served the prince well and aided him
many times. By the mid-20th century, she was known across Europe
for her competence.

Maris worked freelance for any prince who could meet her
price. For one, she might work simply for access to a herd. From
another, she might request some of his holdings. She developed
an extensive network of contacts and a support base through
which to manage them across Europe and parts of America. By
means of mortal resources as well as boons accumulated from a
hundred years of work for various princes, she developed a
superior intelligence network. Her primary contacts came to
include high-ranking members of national and intemational
police agencies. Among the Kindred, she maintained lines of
communication to (and a sympathetic ear for) neonates and
ancillae, if only for the information they could provide.

Maris was affected little by the wave of madness that
swept across the Camarilla Malkavians in 1997. However,
she developed an ambition and sense of purpose that required
she go to the very top of Camarilla society. When the 1998
conclave approached, Maris called in boons from several of
her most influential clients: Francois Villon, Toreador Prince
of Paris, Queen Anne of London and others supported her
nomination as justicar for the Malkavian clan.

The Inner Circle confirmed her nomination and se-
lected her to serve — her influence within the European
community, her reputation as a thorough investigator and
her determination to seek justice served her well. Maris
selected most ofherarchons from those ancillae she'd courted
as informants.

Only one thing disturbs Maris: When the Inner Circle
called her in, she saw that Lutz represented the Malkavian
Clan. When she looked again, another's face was there, but
she is uncertain...

Image: Maris is a slight, short woman with a youthful
appearance. She carries little of the exuberance of youth,
however. She prefers instead to maintain a quiet, stern
facade. She prefers dark clothing appropriate to the German
upper class of the 1800s, preferably with as much skin cover-
age as possible.

Roleplaying Hints: You believe fate has chosen youtofind
persons who commit wrongdoing and punish them. Youare not
as concemed with mortals as with Kindred, whose greater
excesses and more serious crimes merit a sterner response.
Individual vampires may not be of import to you, but the
continued existence of Camarilla society holds significance.
You value individuals whom you see as innocent and strive to
protect them in any way possible. Innocence is a rare and
valuable treasure, and you wish to prevent the touch of corrupt-
ing influences. You do not realize that your own actions may
taint others' innocence, and you act with blind disregard for
anything but your own vision. Youbelieve in the strict interpre-
tation of Lextalionis and the Traditions, and you prefer to
encourage the princes to enforce them after you present evi-
dence of wrongdoing. Use yourarchons to dig up what youneed,
put it into a package and give it to the prince. If the prince
refuses to handle the problem, call aconclave. Ifthe transgressor
is truly guilty, he will be punished, and you may then deal with
the lax prince. You prefer tomake the punishmentfitthecrime,
so you do not always order an execution.

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Lutz von Hohenzollern

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1762

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Expression
4, Intimidation 4, Leadership 5, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 2, Etiquette 5, Security 4,
Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Computer 1, Finance 3, Investiga-
tion 5, Law 5, Linguistics 3, Medicine 1, Occult 3, Politics 4
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 5, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 4, Influence 3, Resources 3,
Retainers 3, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Derangements: Prey exclusion: "the innocent," Megalomania,
Hallucinations (Maris sometimes perceives reality differently
from what it truly is, whether seeing objects that aren't really
there or remembering events that never happened.)
Willpower: 8

Note: Maris never "caught" Dementation as it swept over the
Malkavians; her clan Disciplines are still Auspex, Dominate
and Obfuscate.

Coren oF tHE Nicer

4


Cock Rosin, NOSFERATUJUSTICAR

Background: "Robin" was a skilled but otherwise unre-
markable silversmith's apprentice who struggled to survive
poverty in the dying days of Colonial American monarchy.
He was brought into darkness at the whim of an elder power
in the third year of the French-English crusade for the
continent; his sire abandoned him to the less-than-tender
mercies of the New World toward the close of the British
occupation. The hapless neonate was left only with the
admonition that the price of immortality was an account sire
and childe would settle in due time.

The American Colonies represented a difficult time and
place for wayward fledglings, the strife-torn New England
coast in particular; many with whom Robin first established
contact did not survive the dawning of the 19th century. The
neonate's dogged survivalist instinct, however, coupled with
his tendency to go to ground at the first sign of trouble, saw
him through an endless series of tight spots, trials and tribu-
lations. He ultimately found himself in early industrial Rhode
Island; there, secreted away from the mainland hostilities
with a handful of other stragglers beneath Governor Fenner's
newly constructed piers, he witnessed the midnight arrival of
ablack-sailed galleon, unmarked and unchallenged, and the
carrier of a foul blackguard whose machinations quickly
pervaded the nascent nation's every pore.

The ship's captain called himself Warwick, Prince pro
tempore of Providence, and the reign of terror that followed in
his wake made the region's previous infighting seem tame in
comparison. His colleagues effortlessly broke all initial resis-
tance, aided as they were by Brujah brutes from the north and
an uneasy Tremere-Ventrue alliance from the south.
Warwick's right hand, a ruthless murderer named Roman
Pendragon, conscripted hundreds of redcoat soldiers and
loyalists as ghouled shock troops. The insurrectionists de-
clared blood-ransoms on prominent American Kindred for
anarchs, insurgents and diablerists alike. Key Ventrue power-
players starved, deprived of sustenance by surgical strikes
targeting their chosen vessels. Entire councils of primogen
disappeared overnight. And Robin and his clansmen became
unwitting agents of Warwick's web — an intercontinental
information network suspected to be spearheaded by Euro-
pean Methuselahs.

It was more than 100 years later, in the darkest hour of
Warwick's tyranny, that Robin's sire resurfaced, sending
word to his childer through underground resistance leader
Prudence Stone (see Clanbook: Nosferatu). Robin and a
handful of his compatriots had been introduced as seeming
innocents into the web, yet primed to strike when the time
was right — and that time had come. Guided by carefully
orchestrated leaks and snares, an unprecedented 1990
Camarilla-Sabbat offensive carried the fight back to the
elder's unseen armies and crushed the bulk of Warwick's
forces at Bloods Brook, New Hampshire, where it had all
begun decades earlier. (Warwick, however, escaped the rap-

idly closing nets; his whereabouts remain a mystery to this
night.) And Cock Robin, sole survivor among the web
counterinsurgents, emerged as an unsung hero recognized by
few — but forgotten by none among the topmost tiers of the
Camarilla.

Some rumors have it that Robin's sire was none other
than Petrodon, Count of Seville, who served as justicar until
his untimely destruction. (That would certainly explain a
great deal — Robin's unusual selection as successor, his
fervent devotion to the Camarilla cause, even the passing
physical resemblance, if such can be said to exist with
Nosferatu, between the two.) Others suppress these allega-
tions almost as quickly as they surface; their potential
repercussions (evidence of nepotism within the Inner Circle,
or, worse still, vendetta-driven, justicar-sponsored inquests
and inquisitions) would be devastating to the Camarilla
infrastructure.

Image: Robin wears the body of a gangly teen, limbs and
features stretched and twisted into disproportionate mocker-
ies by the Curse of Caine. His elongated scarecrow's frame, a
collection of jackstraws put together at odd angles, moves
awkwardly, without deftness or grace. These afflictions pale,
however, before the deformity that earned him his sobriquet;
the Nosferatu's elongated head, puckered lower lip, and
distended chin give him a grotesque avian appearance. (This
beaklike malformation makes drinking from the jugular im-
possible forhim; on those rare occasions when Robin succumbs
to his Beast, or when vermin do notslake his inhuman thirst,
he "feeds" through his victims' eyes, a grisly practice which
gives both mortal and Kindred authorities cause for conster-
nation.) Although a master of the Obfuscate Discipline, he
rarely assumes any face but his own.

Roleplaying Hints: You are still a child in many ways, in
spite of the centuries you have had to learn and grow. An

Gurnr Two


incorrigible tinker, you love machines of all sorts, as your

gadget-strewn subterranean haven readily attests; more than

one Sabbat haven has met with a fiery end thanks to your

carefully placed, matchlock-triggered black powder charges.
Sadly, your fierce intellect and cunning are easy to

misinterpret; an insurmountable speech impediment caused

by your misshapen head makes conversation difficult, and the

company of others makes you nervous. Youstill cannot abide

your own reflection — but nothing sends you flying into a

rage faster than the pity-filled glances of others.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Alonso Cristo Petrodon de Seville

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1757

Apparent Age: Indeterminate

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy

1, Intimidation 1, Leadership 1, Scrounging 3, Streetwise 3,

Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts (jeweler/ silversmith) 3, Demo-

litions 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Performance

(woodwinds) 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Traps 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Camarilla Lore 5, Clan Knowl-

edge (Nosferatu) 4, Computer 2, Investigation 5, Linguistics

1, Medicine 1, Occult 2, Sabbat Lore 3, Science (metallurgy)

4, Sewer Lore 5

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 2, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate

5, Potence 2

Backgrounds: Herd (vermin) 6, Mentor (Inner Circle) 6,

Resources 4, Retainers (spy network) 5, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 7

Mapame Gull, TOREADOR JusTICAR

Background: The only justicar to retain her position in
these turbulent nights, the Toreador's Madame Guil is con-
sidered a necessary evil — very necessary, and very evil—by
the Inner Circle. Even among the ranks of the justicars, Guil
is noted for a decided lack of mercy; her skill at uncovering
traitors and criminals in the halls of power is the subject of
many dreadful tales.

The girl who would become Madame Guil was born in
France, amid the squalor of the peasantry. Poor and usually
hungry, she nonetheless blossomed into a creature of surpass-
ing beauty. At the age of 16, she was betrothed to one Luc, a
young wainwright froma neighboring village, with whom she
had-flirted at the previous spring's fair.

And then the cold talon of the Baron Vollgirre dashed
her life asunder. Vollgirre, the old and spiteful Kindred lord
of the entire province, noticed the young bride-to-be as she
danced at the harvest festival. Her beauty stirred something
in his turbid blood, and so he had her summoned to his estate
in the distant hills.

Apprehension at her fate quickly turned to horror, as the
baron revealed his true nature to herand drained her of blood.
She rose again, Embraced as Vollgirre's concubine, but the
color had drained out of her body and soul alike, leaving only
a bleached and miserable thing.

To Vollgirre, his newest prize was but a peasant girl for
his entertainment tonight and dinner tomorrow. Accord-
ingly, it was a great shock to him when he awoke one eve with
astake in his heart and his castle in flames about him. Thus
did Vollgirre, and his victim, pass from history.

The courts of Renaissance France were in many ways the
apex of Kindred culture in the region, and vampires came
fromall over Europe to laugh, to dance, and to ignore the twin
firestorms of the Reformation and the Sabbat. It was, thus,
not so very remarkable to meet another immortal amid the
pageantry and throngs, even one as delightful as Mme. Gilles.
Mme. Gilles' natural charm and grace easily overcame man-
ners that a few overly cynical Kindred might have dubbed
"unpolished," and the young Toreador was nothing if not a
quick study. Soon, she lacked little in the way of mortal or
undead company — and if one, or even more, of her vampyr
acquaintances were to disappear from time to time, why, the
dread Sabbat and dire werewolves were on the roads at night,
and Kindred took their chances beyond the city walls. Mme.
Gilles took pains to insinuate herself on the very periphery of
undead society — always noticed, never overly noticeable.

Itwasin the early 17th century that she mether Luc once
more. When Mme. Gilles first saw him, ata courtiers' ball, she
nearly fainted, thinking him a specter or at the very least a
distant descendant of her old love. In truth, he was neither;
upon hearing of her summons to Vollgirre's court so long ago,
Luc had left his village in grief and had struck out along the
lonely roads. There, by night, he had been ambushed by a
ragtag band of monsters, a remnant of the mobs that had
terrorized the nights of the Anarch Revolt. Neither wholly
anarch nor wholly committed to the then-nascent Sabbat,
the band of vampyrs led debauched unlives of murder and
robbery. They had attacked Luc to slay him for his blood, but
Luc's heedless, valorous struggle had impressed them, and so
one among the group's number had cursed him with the
Embrace. Luc traveled with the band for a while, but most of
its members were destroyed by a Sabbat pack, and the
survivors had gone their own ways. Since then, Luc had
existed much as Mme. Gilles had, living on the fringes of
Kindred society and conducting himself quietly.

They laughed, as they had done at the spring fair so long
ago, and drank of one another several times. Mme. Gilles told
Luc of how she had found power in the blood of old and

Ceapren oF THE Nicat

%


wicked Kindred, and Luc listened with interest as she de-
scribed her habit of stalking and slaying what monsters she
could. The lovers made a vow to rid the world of the Damned
who had destroyed their mortal happiness, and for a time Luc
and Mme. Gilles were the most monstrous diablerists in
France.

Their crimes came to an abrupt end when the pair
stalked and attempted to slay one of the childer of Francois
Villon himself. The deed went horribly awry; Luc drew the
brunt of the ensuing blood hunt upon himself, while the
grieving Mme. Gilles fled into the wastes and once again
passed from history.

In truth, Mme. Gilles disappeared into the underground
world of the anarchs. Consumed with rage for the murder of
Luc, she quickly became a monster among the outcast Kin-
dred. When the Revolution sent France's mortal and Kindred
aristocracy to the guillotine, Mme. Gilles wasin the bloodiest
thick of the Terror.

As history would have it, the Revolution quickly blos-
somed out of control, and Mme. Gilles herself was nearly
executed, surviving only through the sacrifice of many im-
portant pawns. Her allies were not so fortunate, and Mme.
Gilles — now calling herself Madame Guil out of irony —
allied herself with the venerable, venal Kindred she most
despised, Francois Villon. Latching herself to his power base
and taking pains to hide her identity, Guil proved valuable in
the rebuilding of France, and soon she was safely ensconced
amid the institution she hated more than anything in the
world.

Over the next two centuries, Guil played the hand she
had been dealt, and rose to the rank of justicar. In this role,
she has proved frightfully effective, and none are so expert at
rooting out corruption amid the Camarilla's roots as she. She
channels her rage into exposing and destroying the sect's

Guarrer Two

47

elders, and nothing gives her more pleasure than slowly
putting to death an old and heretofore untouchable Cainite.

Three years ago, on a routine investigation into the
doings of a particularly effective Sabbat assassin, the jaded
Madame Guil was taken aback once again by a specter from
her past. Tracking the assassin to his lair, Guil discovered
none other than Luc, who had escaped the wrath of the
centuries-past blood hunt. To do so, though, he had been
forced to throw himself on the mercy of the Black Hand. Luc
was now a templar in the service of the dread Sabbat, a
veteran of centuries of war.

The two Cainites, their blood singing, clasped one
another in a sanguine embrace, vowing nevermore to be
parted. Although their union was forbidden by both sects,
thus far the pair has found means of making assignations
through the years. Now, though, Guil walks the narrowest of
ledges between her rediscovered love and her unlife. She has
neither given nor demanded secrets of her lover, but her
duties as justicar must doubtless be compromised before too
many nights pass.

Image: A Kindred poet once called Guil "Mistfess of
Tears," and it seems as though tears indeed follow her
everywhere — tears of suffering and tears of awe at her
overwhelming beauty. Guil appears as the freshest of young
maidens, flawlessly formed and in the bloom of youth. Still,
something about her gaze causes most humans to find her off-
putting or even repulsive—though her nigh-divine loveliness
overcomes even this most primal of danger instincts, and her
victims hurl themselves at her like lemmings.

Roleplaying Hints: You appear to be many things —
committed anarch, traitor, judge and executioner. In truth,
you have not known who you were since the night you
became Damned. In modern terminology, you are what is
known asa codependent personality —dependent on causes,
on Luc, on control. You latch onto one role or another in an
attempt to stabilize yourself, but the strain is starting to wear
through your defenses. Now, with nothing more than a
wretched coterie of archons led by the effete Vidal Jarbeaux,
youcrave your lost — forbidden! — paramour more than ever
before. And it disgusts you.

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Baron Philippe Vollgirre

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1579

Apparent Age: 16

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Expres-
sion 2, Grace 5, Intimidation 7, Leadership 4, Style 4,
Subterfuge 4


Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 5 (fencing), Perfor-
mance 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Camarilla Lore 5, Investigation
6, Law 4, Linguistics 6, Occult 3, Politics 5, Sabbat Lore 5
Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 5, Fortitude 4, Potence 4,
Presence 7, Protean 2, Serpentis 3, Thaumaturgy 3
Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 3, Spirit Manipulation 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 7, Herd 3, Influence 6,
Resources 6, Retainers 7, Status 7

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 2

Derangements: Megalomania

Willpower: 8

ANASTASZ DI ZAGREB, DRETENDER AND
TREMERE JUSTICAR

Background: Anastasz was born the son of a wealthy
textile importer in Slavonia during the late 1840s and raised
with all the comforts of money and prestige. As a young boy,
Anastasz found himself fascinated by the strange and super-
natural. His governess told him stories of the zhulo that would
come in the night and terrorize villages, and the hobgoblins
and sluagh that would steal his voice if he were bad. Far from
being frightened, the fact that the world contained such
wonders thrilled the young Anastasz. He decided that when
he was older he would see and speak with them for himself.

Anastas7's father, a solid, practical man felt that his son's
flights of fancy were detrimental to the boy's development
and sent the governess away. Taking charge of the boy's
education, he sent Anastasz to England and enrolled him in
the best schools.

Anastasz left home filled with the tales his governess had told
him. As his world of magic and wonder fell victim to the world of
geometry and economic theory, Anastasz quietly became the staid
young man of whom his father would have approved.

Inhis first yearat Oxford, Anastasz encountered a retired
stage magician at a local pub. The man's ability to create
illusion was astounding, and learning the art of sleight of
hand obsessed Anastasz. Practicing his new skills constantly
for most of his school year, Anastasz almost failed his courses,
but nevertheless became quite proficient at legerdemain.
Soon he was performing at small venues and billing himself
as "The Imperial Magus."

After gaining his bachelor's degree at Oxford, he at-
tended the prestigious London School of Economics. During
the day, he discussed theories and economic models. At
night, he joined a society calling itself the Magic Ring and
traded secrets in the craft of illusion.

Itwas Anastasz's quest fora flashy new trick that brought
him into the clutches of the world he had left behind in his
youth. Investigating a back alley in search of an obscure
bookseller, he happened upon aman who seemed to be biting
another. With horror, Anastasz saw a rivulet of blood trickle
from the man's mouth. The attacker, noticing Anastasz,

dropped his victim, and in the gaslight, the young man could
see bloodstained fangs protruding from the attacker's mouth.
Anastasz quickly reached into his pocket and pulled out the
packet of flash powder he always carried. With aswift motion,
he used his ring-igniter and threw the tiny pouch at the
monster. The powder ignited with a bright flash, and the
monster hissed and recoiled. Before itcould recover, Anastasz
fled, terrified.

The next evening, Anastasz recounted his adventure to
the other members of the Magic Ring, and they scoffed at his
tale, suggesting that he have it published ina penny dreadful.
Dejected, Anastasz returned to his flat.

Uponentering his home, Anastasz founda man seated in
await for him. Chilled, he realized that the intruder was the
creature he had seen the previous night. With a gesture, the
creature made the door close of its own volition. Anastasz
wanted to flee but could not; he had been transfixed by the
creature's eyes.

The vampire, for that is what he was, spent the night
explaining to Anastasz the truth about real magic — blood
magic — and how a noble group similar to Anastasz's Magic
Ring decided to become true sorcerers and found a way to
trade their mortal shells for immortality. As the vampire
talked, Anastasz realized that the creature was offering hima
chance at real magic. Without hesitation, he agreed.

Anastasz spent the next 25 years in Vienna at the
Tremere chantry, there learning the realities of his new
existence and discovering his incredible, unnatural aptitude
at Thaumaturgy. Completely devoted to his new clan, he
becamean accomplished researcher and powerful magus in an
astonishingly short time.

When a new Tremere justicar was chosen early in the
1900s, he chose Anastasz as one of his archons. His skill as a
magus made him a useful agent. He saw horrible things, includ-

Craupren oF TH NicHT

48

ing many of the mythical creatures his governess has once told
him about. Anastasz became known as an authority on the
occult, and his open, friendly demeanor and willingness to help
made him a catspaw in Tremere interclan politics.

In 1998, when the time was nigh to choose a new
justicar, the Tremere found themselves split over several
candidates. Jean St. Frederique, a very powerful Tremere
presiding overa large chantry in France, put forth Anastasz as
a candidate. Assuming he could control the ancilla, St.
Frederique used his influence to swing just enough votes to
clinch the election for Anastasz.

Thrust into a position for which he is not truly ready,
Anastasz has become zealous in his attempts to prove his
worth as a justicar. He has offended many of his colleagues,
including the new Brujah justicar, Jaroslav Pascek. As a
result, Pascek has set up an operation to teach the young
Tremere a lesson. Anastasz is planning to take back Montreal
from the Sabbat. Should Anastasz succeed, Pascek plans to
reveal that he was the source of the intelligence essential to
the operation and take the credit.

Anastasz knows that many members of the Camarilla
and his own clan see him as too inexperienced and weak, and
he is determined to show everyone that he does know how to
be a justicar. He relies on his mentor, St. Frederique, for
advice, and the older vampire is glad to give it. Although
Anastasy's skills are improving, it may be decades until he
properly fits the role of justicar.

Image: Anastasz is a tall man and presents the impres-
sion that he is frail, but he also radiates a fierce energy. His
eyesare an electric green, and his hairs the color of straw. He
finds himself drawn to the styles of the 1930s and '40s; often
he wears hats, spats and double-breasted suits and carries a
walking stick.

Roleplaying Hints: You intend to root out every bit of
opposition to the Camarilla and prove to all your critics that
you are a competent and able justicar. Devoted as you are to
the cause, you can still be distracted by a new and interesting
supernatural phenomenon. You wish you had enough confi-
dence to act on your own, butstill you feel the need to consult
with your patron. If you are forced to make a decision on your
own, it tends to be extremely harsh.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Claas Drescher

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1867

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Expression
1, Interrogation 4, Intimidation 4, Intuition 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Security 3, Sleight of
Hand 4, Stealth 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 4, Camarilla Lore 4, Enigmas 2,
Finance 2, Investigation 4, Law 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3,
Occult 5, Politics 3, Research 4, Science 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Thaumaturgy 5
Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 5, Lure of Flames 4,
Movement of the Mind 3, Spirit Manipulation 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Influence 2, Mentor 4,
Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

Lucinpe, VENTRUEJUSTICAR AND ALASTOR

Background: Lucinde remembers nothing of her life
before her Embrace at the fangs of Severus, then the Ventrue
justicar. He chose her as his archon; she rapidly absorbed his
lessons and quickly honed her intuition to razor sharpness.

Lucinde has served nearly every Ventrue justicar since
— often at their request, sometimes at her petition. She
enforces the Traditions with a frightening dedication.

Lucinde arose from torpor in the 1930s to find that
Michaelis, a former lover, was justicar for the Ventrue. She
sought him out — only to be enslaved by blood bond to the
Setite Kemintiri. When the Tremere discovered this calam-
ity, they brought her before a conclave in Munich. The
conclave declared global Lextalionis against Kemintiri and
created the Red List, the Camarilla's Most Wanted. Lucinde,
named as first alastor (an agent who hunts those Kindred on
the Red List), set out to find anathema—all except the Setite
Methuselah, whom she was expressly forbidden to stalk.

Nevertheless, Lucinde hunted Kemintiri unsuccessfully
for many years with the secret intent of offering her devotion.
She caught and destroyed many enemies of the Camarilla —
but the Setite continued to elude her. She gradually realized
that Kemintiri saw her as nothing more than a convenient
tool, and that she'd been tossed aside once there was no
further use forher. The insight only strengthened her resolve.
She developed a burning hatred to match her former love for
the snake. Even so, it took years and much of her energy to
break the bond, andmay have kepther from finding Kemintiri.
When she was finally free, the investment left her too weary
to continue. Lucinde fell into torpor for several years.

In the autumn of 1994, Lucinde rose from torpor to find
the first sign of Kemintiri she had seen since being blood
bound: a letter to an anathema. It named several other
anathema and described an attempt to form an alliance
composed of Red List targets.

Disturbed by the implications but loath to relinquish this
trace of her quarry, Lucinde decided not to give the letter to

Gaarter Two

49

the justicars or the Inner Circle. She chose instead to follow
the leads herself. Unfortunately, each path had gone cold,
leaving behind nothing but rapidly abandoned havens, de-
stroyed contacts and impressively violent distractions.

Atlast, tired and frustrated, she presented her findings to
the Inner Circle at the Venice Conclave. They questioned
her at length about her conclusions regarding the missive:
Mightit be possibly a hoax, laid asa false trail for the alastors,
or some deeper conspiracy linking the anathema to the
Sabbat leadership? The elders dismissed her to discuss the
matter privately after her testimony

Nobody was more surprised than Lucinde when the
conclave went on to name her justicar for the Ventrue. Her
sense of duty led her to accept this opportunity despite initial
misgivings. Even so, Lucinde has concerns about the reasons
for her appointment — she believes she was chosen for some
special purpose, perhaps to hunt vampires on the Red List.
Certainly, she knew more about these criminals than any
other elder did. She also believed that her investigations
might have touched upon something deeper than she'd
considered before — signs of the Antediluvians waking or
hints to the final nights. Whatever it may be, Lucinde
strongly desires further answers.

Lucinde appointed several archons before the conclave's
end. She and they vanished immediately afterward. The first
rumors began only a few months later. Whispered from elder
to elder in the salons of North America, they told of spies in
the justicar's service sent to watch the princes for disloyalty
to the Camarilla.

The first and only tangible sign of Lucinde's activities
was a vicious battle at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco,
amongst three Kindred and some kind of monstrous creature.
Lucinde and her archons had tracked the child-Samedi
Genina to this mist-enshrouded place. This anathema was a

dangerous serial killer who endangered the Masquerade
through poems she left at the scene of her crimes. The battle
waged for the better part of an hour before the archons staked
and subdued Genina. Lucinde presented Genina to the Inner
Circle a month later, only to vanish on some other search.

Image: Lucinde looks like an innocent young woman, at
least until one peers into her eyes. Within them, one might see
an uncomfortable and monstrous intensity that promises death
forany who gaze too long. She dresses appropriately for the 20th
century, butprefers conservative styles such as businesssuitsand
casual eveningwear. She always wears gloves to conceal the
"mark of the beast," a trophy sigil given to alastors.

Roleplaying Hints: You are determined to fulfill your
duties, most especially to destroy Kemintiri. Take control of
every situation and don't give anyone else a chance to
question you or your judgment. You feel you owe the Tremere
some degree of consideration; after all, they forced you to
acknowledge your slavery to Kemintiri. Nevertheless, you
refuse to defer to them.

You hold a burning hatred for the one responsible for
your servitude and the mysterious death of Michaelis. You
long tosee the night when Kemintiri is staked out for the sun.
Should anyone offer you information or aid that you are
certain can lead you to Kemintiri, you accept it.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire:
Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1656

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Expression 2, Grace
3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Archery 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 5, Performance 2
Knowledges: Academics 3, Bureaucracy 3, Camarilla Lore 4,
Investigation 5, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 5
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 2,
Potence 2, Presence 5, Thaumaturgy 3

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 3

Backgrounds: Influence 4, Resources 4, Retainers 4, Status
6, Clan Prestige 6

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 5

Derangements: Fugue

Willpower: 8

Severus

Cuuuoren oF THE NicHT

50


THe ARCHONS

THeo BeLL

Background: As the Camarilla's first line of defense in
times of crisis, those Kindred appointed to the post of archon
have a deserved reputation for cruelty and mercilessness.
And among the currently active archons, few inspire such
dread in foes as does Theo Bell, childe of the mighty Don
Cerro. In his tenure as archon, Bell has won the Inner Circle's
personal accolades no fewer than seven times, an unprec-
edented feat in the sect's history. Even the war packs walk
warily when Bell is near, and the anarchs of a hundred cities
curse the name of the "Killa-B."

Ironic, then, that this avenging demon should arise from
such humble origins, and that the Camarilla's master gaoler
should be so intimate with shackles. Born into a family of
slaves on an antebellum plantation in the nascent state of
Mississippi, young Theophilus (as a slave, he had no last
name) worked with his father, mother and many siblings in
the cotton fields. Although the work was grueling and the
overseer brutal, Theophilus had as happy a childhood as
could be expected under the circumstances. His father, in
particular — a huge and gentle man whose laughter was like
distant thunder — saw to it that evenings in their tiny shack
were peaceable and provided what sparse amenities he could.

Thus, it was a cruel blow to Theophilus when, soon after
his fifth birthday, the family was splitup. Abouthalf the clan,
including his father, remained with the original master, while
the remainder, including Theo and his mother, were sold to
the distant Bell plantation. Theo was already strong for his
age, and it took a grown man to pry the child from around his
father's legs. It was, Theo believes, the last time he ever cried,
and the first time his father wept. That tear-stained image is
his last memory of his father.

Theo's mother was still a handsome woman in spite of
her many hardships, and his remaining sisters grew up strong
and tall. Their appearance did not go unnoticed by Master
Bell, who occasionally descended by night upon the slave
quarters, that he might "better the line by pumping some
white blood" into as many of Theo's female relatives as he
could. The separation from his father and his impotence in
the face of his family's violation killed something in Theo. He
also grew up strong and tall, and soon enough gained his
father's height and impressive build, but never found his
father's laugh or smile. A sullen field hand, young Theo often
tasted the overseer's whip, and hisfingers sometimes twitched
atop his pallet as he strangled Master Bell in his dreams.

Theo had an even stronger dream than murder, though,
and upon his mother's untimely death from illness (given to
her, Theo believed, by the master), he implemented it. His
sisters had been bent into docile house slaves; he was sorry for
them, but they would hinder him. "Following the drinking
gourd" of the Big Dipper, Theo slipped from the Bell planta-

tion by night, striking down an overseer who sought to stop
him, and ran for the North.

The way was long and perilous, but Theo was crafty and
strong enough to strangle, single-handed, one of the blood-
hounds sent after him. Some months later, Theo found
himself in Ohio and a member of the Underground Railroad.
During the next several years, Theo made many trips into the
Deep South to rescue such slaves as he deemed worth saving,
and posters throughout Dixie trumpeted a reward for the
renegade's death or capture.

Theo never found his father, but was otherwise very
successful in his endeavors. However, his caution waned as
his zeal increased. One night, Theo lay panting in a pine
forest. He was wounded and facing capture after a failed
mission. As the dogs howled in the distance, Theo bent to
drink from a stream — and, when he looked up, saw a
grinning stranger not three feet from him. Seeing that the
stranger was white, and obviously composed, Theo made a
desperate lunge at the man. To Theo's dismay, the stranger
sidestepped his attack, then plucked him from the air in a
grasp that proved inescapable.

Holding Theo immobile, the stranger bade him be at
peace. He was not one of Theo's hunters, nor was he there to
enslave him once more — at least not to any master Theo
might recognize, the stranger added. His name, he said, was
Don Cerro, and he had been watching Theo's exploits for
years. Theo had impressed him as a man, and now, Cerro
continued, he wished to make Theo into something more.

Theo felt the stranger's icy flesh against his own, and
half-remembered snatches of old slave tales pierced his brain
like freezing talons. But these tales were dispersed by a vision,
an image of his family's violator bent and broken at Theo's
hands. Theo relaxed, Cerro smiled, and a bargain was made.

Gurnee Two

51

One condition only did Theo ask — that he be allowed to
return to the Bell plantation.

So Theo gave up the sun and learned of the gifts of his
kind, and of the great thirst. This thirst drove him inexorably
toward the Bell estate. One moonless night, he crept into the
master's house, a strange excitement upon him and a great
blacksnake whip in his hand. He stood over the bed where fat
old Bell lay, and he brought the whip up and down, up and
down, harder than any mortal could crack it, and then there
was only Bell's screaming, and his bulging eyes, and a pound-
ing in Theo's skull that grew louder and louder and...

There was red everywhere, and then he realized that the
master's house was aflame, and he was in a ruin that had been
the slave quarters. Bodies — some white, most black — lay
scattered across the grounds, limbs contorted like storm-
tossed willows. Familiar faces — including his younger
brother's and three of his sisters' — were among the corpses.
Theo sank to his knees, but he was dead and could not weep.
But, as he ran from that place, he determined that he would
take the surname of his erstwhile master, to remind himself
that though he now had the power of the overseer, the yoke
of the slave would forever burn in his lifeless heart.

During the following years and through the Civil War,
Don Cerro took it upon himself to educate his progeny,
instructing the newly dubbed Theo Bell in letters, history and
philosophy, as well as matters exclusive to the Kindred. Theo
proved an apt pupil — the embodiment of the warrior-
scholar the old Idealist wanted — but additionally honed his
Kindred gifts through emancipatory missions and, later, raids
on Confederate supply depots, all in frantic efforts to erase the
memory of his murdered family.

After the war's end, sire and childe embarked on a tour
of Europe, during which an entire nocturnal world opened
itself to the fledgling's eyes. The princes and primogen, for
their part, enjoyed a patronizing titillation at the idea of
"Certo's colored progeny" — precious few black Kindred
existed among the Camarilla vampires of those generations
still active in politicking, and nearly none had been Em-
braced from the New World slave populace. Indeed, Bell was
a prodigy. Status-conscious harpies tripped over themselves
to invite the taciturn Brujah tosoirees, and several attempted
to entice Bell into illicit blood-drinking liaisons ("Is it true
what they say about a Negro's vitae?"). Bell, for his part,
quickly grew disgusted with the decadence and debauchery of
Europe's Elysiums —all too similar to Master Bell's indolent
parties — but he soaked in the culture and customs of the
mortals around him. He and Cerro became close —as close
as father and son — and as Cerro's sway in the sect rose, Bell
was reluctantly carried along with it, shouldering burden-
some responsibilities for his sire's sake.

The 20th century was as turbulent for the Kindred as it
was for the kine. Back in America, Bell was dismayed at
Reconstruction's failure, though his mortal cares grew in-
creasingly distant to him. In Harlem during the Jazz Age, Bell

found himself and his mortal kin at the center of a Sabbat
riptide; additionally, he made frequent trips to his old South-
ern haunts, doing what (little) he could tostem the tide of Jim
Crow. In the '50s, seeing a useful pawn to infiltrate civil-
rights circles and confront anarchs on their own turf, the
Inner Circle appointed Cerro justicar, knowing that Bell
would become archon. Bell, for his part, was well aware, and
resentful, of the politics behind his appointment; as well, he
harbored no small amount of sympathy for the anarchs. His
feelings did not stop him from performing his duties to the
letter, and by the '90s Bell was the most respected — and
feared — archon in the United States. Such was his renown
that the newly appointed justicar, Jaroslav Pascek, retained
Bell in his subordinate post, even though the two Kindred
despised each other.

In these nights, Theo Bell may well prove to be a
cornerstone of the besieged Camarilla. He has traveled much
more extensively than most Kindred; even werewolves give
him little pause, and he knows most cities in North America
and many in Europe. Over the years, Bell has painstakingly
tracked down what members of his father's family he could;
he watches his kin from afar or occasionally intervenes in
their behalf. As such, he has more contact with the sunlit
world than most Kindred his age, a trait that serves him well
in his duties. The Inner Circle believes that Bell's knowledge
of New York City, particularly the Harlem-Washington
Heights area, can prove vital in scourging the Manhattan
Sabbat.

Image: Tall, dark and, yeah, handsome, Bell cuts a
dashing, albeit forbidding, figure. Scars across his shoulders
and back, souvenirs from the overseer's lash, are the only
legacies of his slave days. Typically sporting a neatly trimmed
mustache (and sometimes a bit of beard), Bell dresses well
when at peace and efficiently when doing battle. A New York
Yankees baseball cap, reflective police-style sunglasses and a
Dragonsbreath-loaded shotgun are Bell's trademarks; anarchs
and Sabbat alike know his visage and fear it. As an ironic
mockery of his unliving condition, Bell occasionally plasters
a Breathe-Rite™ strip across his nose, particularly when
engaged on a mission of war.

Roleplaying Hints: On the surface, you are the stoic,
emotionless authority figure, efficiently polite to all and close
tonone. This is, of course, a mask for the indecision that grips
you nightly. You watch the masters of the Camarilla admin-
ister their mortal plantation, cracking the whip of government
and media to make the kinégo this way and that, and the sight
makes you shake with fury. Yet you can't condone the
capricious short-sightedness of the anarchs, and you've seen
the Sabbat too up-close and personal to harbor any romantic
illusions about its agenda. Nor can you go autarkis without
bringing shame on the head of the only father you've truly
known; the Embrace isa hard thing, but Cerro gave youa way
out of your helplessness, and for that you are bound to him
with your unlife. Perhaps, then, despite all your power and all

Cruzin oF THE Nicit

52


your years, you are a slave still and forever. That being the
case, you reckon, you might as well be a "good" one for now,
until you can decide how to get free once and for all.
Clan: Brujah

Sire: Don Cerro

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1857

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Empathy 1, Expres-
sion 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4

Skills: Crafts (mechanics) 1, Demolitions 3, Drive 3, Eti-
quette 3, Firearms (shotguns) 5, Melee 5, Performance 2,
Stealth 5, Survival 4

Knowledges: Academics 2, Finance 1, Investigation 4, Law
3, Linguistics 2, Occult 3, Politics 3, Science 1
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 2, Potence 4, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (mortal family), Contacts 5, Mentor
4, Resources 3, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 6

Derangements: Berserk

Willpower: 10

FepericoDipapua, THe RIGHTHAND OF
THE CAMARILLA

Background: Federico tells anyone who asks that his life
has been like any other. From the heights of glory and hope
to the pits of terror and pain, he has clung to his beliefs and
pursuits despite the capriciousness of fate. Now sometimes
referred to as "the Right Hand" of the Camarilla — because
his centuries of service in the role of archon are beyond
reproach and without equal (What other Cainite, at least one
who operates in the plan view of others, has managed to hold
sucha position within the Camarilla for so long?) —Federico
works diligently to ease the tensions in the Camarilla's ivory
tower. He reminds Kindred now in power of the nights when
they were weak, and he suggests to those who are weak now
that they might one night wield power and that they mustnot
perpetuate the abuses heaped upon them.

Born in Italy, Federico grew to become a veteran merce-
nary much prized for his ability to organize impetuous youths.
In the course of those many years, he fought across all the
lands of Europe, during which time he knew many masters,
saw many treacheries and learned lessons that have shaped
his immortal existence for five centuries.

Federico's Embrace was a brutal one, and it continues to
affect him to this day, though not in a cyclical fashion — he

does not dispense justice harshly, nor does he abuse his power.
Instead, from the very first nights of the Camarilla, Federico
fashioned his own agenda by not kneeling to the whims or
expectations of the individuals he has served. Such self-
determination was easy during the years when his adopted
sire, the co-founder of the Camarilla, Josef von Bauren, was
justicar, but not so with several of the seven justicars under
whom he's served.

Federico always weighs the information and evidence he
gathers or receives with a mind toward fairness. Frankly, he's
as surprised as his most ardent detractors that he has held his
post for so long and through so many transitions. This
surprise, though, arises solely from his resistance to manipu-
lation, and he hopes that he has maintained his position
because of his results. However, it has not escaped his notice
that he has never been offered the position of justicar. He's
too valuable in the field, he's told, even though he never asks
the question. In the end, he accepts that as answer enough,
because he doesn't allow anything to weigh too heavily upon
him except the decisions of unlife and death he makes
regarding others.

Nevertheless, over the centuries, Federico has become
known as an ardent supporter of the Camarilla. At first, he
felt the organization was merely the best solution available.
Although he has surely seen the sect struggle at times, the
Camarilla inevitably rights itself and travels a path that he
sees as just.

Federico's cynical streak still shows itself sometimes, but
that's because he knows the Camarilla is not perfect. He
particularly reviles the blindness the organization perpetu-
ates. The best decisions are made when the most evidence is
available, and the Camarilla too often closes its eyes on
matters of grave concern and terrible consequence, such as
the existence of Antediluvians. As an individual, though,

Cham Two


Federico can take these nameless fears into account as he
dispenses justice in the name of the sect.

Recent years have found Federico in the United States.
Several months of fruitless and dogged investigation turned
up little regarding the assassination of Justicar Petrodon in
Chicago. Now, Cock Robin is the Nosferatu justicar, and
Federico expects good things from this Kindred. Cock Robin
is committed to the Camarilla, but more importantly, he also
fights the willful blindness of the sect in his constant attempts
to draw attention to its fading power along the East Coast of
the United States.

Regardless, whether he knowsit in his dead heart or not,
Federico will never entirely feel certain of the Camarilla and
its ability to shape Kindred politics and schemes until he is
elevated to justicar. Ironically, itisa position he would refuse,
for he knows he is indeed more valuable in the field. Thus,
this litmus test of his devotion to and hope for the Camarilla
may never occur.

Image: Federico finds that a lack of appearance serves
him best as he moves about invisibly in his investigations and
informational pursuits. His obfuscated visage suits him per-
sonally as well, for despite his 500-plus years as a Kindred, he
retains a disgust for his hairless, revoltingly ugly form. In
mortal life, Federico was a handsome — though
unexceptionally so— man of rugged appearance and strong
frame. Now, his body is covered by sores that have festered for
centuries without respite, and the hook of his long nose is
accentuated by the stoop in his shoulders, though his clear,
brown eyes gleam with an intelligence and passion undimin-
ished by time.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the epitome of a mentor.
Many are the young students and soldiers who have sought
your counsel. You are confident, but you realize that confi-
dence results from your good luck and hard work. Too many
times you've seen the winds of fate change directions and ruin
aperson, and you know it could happen to you, too. Younever
rely solely upon your status within the Camarilla to achieve
your ends and instead continue to earn the trust of others
based on your vision and wisdom.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Marienna ("adopted" by Josef von Bauren)

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Architect

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1444

Apparent Age: difficult to determine; sometimes appears as
mid-30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Archery 3, Melee 5, Ride 4, Stealth 5, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 2, Finance 2, Investigation 4, Lin-
guistics (English, French, Hungarian, Russian) 3, Occult 4,
Politics 7

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 6, Potence 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Mentor 4, Resources 4, Status 4
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 6

LITHRAC, THE ALIGNED INDEPENDENT

Background: Sam Mayberry was born in a New Jersey
suburb to an all-American family. He had a typical suburban
middle-class upbringing, went to Rutgers and eventually on
to medical school. Due to a nervous shake in his hands, Sam
realized that his dream of being a surgeon would never come
true. He decided to pursue pathology instead, where the
nervous shake wouldn't really matter. An easygoing young
man, Sam never let the morbidness of being around dead
bodiesall the time bother him. Indeed, they never judged him
or doubted his twitching hands.

Sam became a coroner, and had an intense interest in
using his medical expertise to help solve crimes. He married
his high-school sweetheart, who bore their twin daughters.
His dreams of a quiet, normal life ended with World War II,
however. Sam dutifully enlisted and found himself on the
European front during the later stages of the war. As one of
the first U.S. servicemen into Auschwitz, he changed forever
after seeing the horrors of that place. The atrocities commit-
ted there shattered his faith in the goodness of humanity.
Once he'd served the rest of his tour, Sam returned home to
the love and normalcy of his family and tried to shake off the
memories of what he had experienced.

That normalcy lasted little more than a year. A series of
exceptionally disturbing murders tested his expertise and
brought back memories of the war. Horribly mutilated, blood-
less bodies began appearing, several at a time, all over the
area. Some of the bodies displayed seemingly impossible
traumas, such as one woman whose ribcage looked as if it had
straightened and thrust itself out of her chest. The investigat-
ing detectives believed the crimes were simply the work of a
madman. Sam tried to convince the police that something
was wrong, but they tried to cover up the whole mess. Finally,
he went to the press. That night, he came home to find that
his wife and daughters had become the latest victims.

Later that night, as he wandered around in a drunken
stupor, Sam discovered exactly how unnatural those murders
really were. George Frederick, a pro-Camarilla Samedi, was
in town spying on the increasing Sabbat activities. Sam's
interest in the murders had caught both Frederick's and the
Sabbat's attention. Frederick witnessed the murder of Sam's
family and knew that the Sabbat would find Sam eventually.

Ceiupnen oF THE Nice

54


Frederick saved Sam from a gruesome death by damning him
to an even more horrifying existence.

Sam took the news with the morbid fascination that
remains the hallmark of his personality to this night. He
decided to turn all his knowledge and expertise into some-
thing positive, now that he could study death in ways he'd
never before dreamed. Frederick proved an excellent teacher
and mentor. Upon release from his sire's grotesque tutelage,
Sam renamed himself Lithrac, after a monster in a childhood
story he remembered, as a sign of his new existence.

Frederick owed a boon to Clan Nosferatu, and then-
justicar Petrodon in particular. Petrodon had harbored political
ambitions for centuries, and asked Frederick to train for him
a silent and deadly weapon as a repayment. Lithrac became
that weapon.

Lithrac has proved his worth by sending key Sabbat
members to their Final Deaths. He takes no pleasure in killing
but sees the Sabbat as an abomination and an affront to the
humanity left in him. He sees working for his new patrons,
Cock Robin and the Camarilla, as just a job. Much like being
accoroner, it is morbid but makes the world a better place in
the end. Lithrac still enjoys many of the things he did in life.
In fact, he prefers to spend his time restoring vintage'50s cars,
his favorite hobby.

Robin rewarded Lithrac's exceptional service by making
him one of his archons. Lithrac has performed above expec-
tation, and Robin has never been sorry for his decision.

Image: Lithrac looks like an unwrapped mummy, with
dry, thin, parchment-colored skin stretched over his bones.
When he moves quickly, large flakes of dry skin drop off,
leaving a trail that he is careful to clean up. Wisps of brown
hair still cling to his head from place to place. He has no lips
left, and his fingers are almost devoid of skin, giving him a

clawed appearance. Surprisingly, his bright blue eyes remain

clear and look alive. He typically wears dark suits, with a

black overcoat and fedora to help conceal his appearance.
Roleplaying Hints: You are absolutely meticulous. Any

assignment for Justicar Robin is a job to be completed, and

jobsshould be done right. Keepa detached, scientific attitude

about your work and in the presence of strangers. Always

cling to the shadows and be ready to act when necessity

dictates. You don't really get into the "Romantic" idea of

being a vampire, though you don't deny the fact that you are

amonster. You see it as a change in what you are rather than

who you are. When around proven acquaintances you are

downright jovial, though you do have a morbid sense of

humor.

Clan: Samedi

Sire: George Frederick

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1950

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimi-

dation 1, Leadership 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Melee 1, Security 4,

Stealth 5, Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 2, Bureaucracy 2, Camarilla Lore 4,

Computer 1, Expert Knowledge: Criminology 2, Expert

Knowledge: Toxicology 4, Investigation 4, Law 1, Medicine

4, Occult 1, Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 2, Science 3

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 4, Thanatosis 3

Backgrounds: Contacts (Clan Nosferatu) 3, Mentor 3, Re-

sources 2, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 7

Vina JARBEAUK, MADAME Gurt's RENARD

Background: Charming, suave, good-humored, always
ready with a right word, endearing, sexy, genuine, a bit of a
rascal but never malicious; Kindred often use such terms to
describe Vidal Jarbeaux, Toreador archon to Justicar Guil.
Such praise is well-deserved, however, for Vidal is the
Camarilla's most capable confidence artist. Skilled as an
actor and orator, comfortable on a variety of topics, a master
of puzzles, a sharp wit and cunningly creative, this Toreador
archon is happiest when playing "the game." With these
strengths, he is an excellent addition to Madame Guil's
otherwise vicious entourage. Unfortunately, Madame Guil
happens to be Vidal's current mark.

Gurnr Two

55

Vidal lived in 18th-century Paris as a man of moderate
means. Even then, however, his talents as a scoundrel were
impressive. Born to a middle-class family, Vidal used his
charms and grace to woo money from the French aristocracy.
He played the social game perfectly, fooling many into
believing he was a man of station. He hosted guests at his
supposed summer villa when the true owners were still in
Paris, courted several women at once while juggling his
liaisons skillfully, and ran the Spanish Prisoner's gambit often
and well enough to feed him fora lifetime. While mortals fell
for Vidal's ploys, the Toreador of Paris knew better. They
allowed him to ply his skills, however, because he was so good
at itand damn entertaining. It even became briefly fashion-
able for Cainites to participate in Vidal's games, often playing
the roles of dupes or witnesses. Whenever Vidal succeeded at
one conquest, the Toreador would raise the ante by present-
ing him with harder social obstacles. Vidal always rose to
their challenges, however, and for his skill, they cursed him
with the Embrace.

Once the Toreador had Embraced Vidal, they grew
bored with him and claimed he had somehow lost that special
touch. Although Vidal denied it publicly, the truth was he
felt that creative spark had died alongside his heart. Desper-
ate to revive his passion for... unlife, he sought newer games
in which the stakes were higher. Higher stakes meant greater
danger, and greater danger meant bigger challenges. By
winning, Vidal could lie to himself and say that nothing had
changed, but after two centuries of trying he has yet to find a
challenge to thrill him like the ones of his mortal years.

With a new world to explore and new abilities to
complement his skills, Vidal left Paris to see the rest of
Europe. His timing was impeccable. The French Revolution
swept through France shortly after Vidal's departure, destroy-
ing many of the Kindred who knew him. For more than a

century, Vidal conned the elite of society. From colonial
Lebanon and Egypt to the London courts of Queen Anne,
Vidal assumed dozens of personalities, disguises and roles. He
claimed membership in every clan and possessed the skill to
carry offeach claim. He was the archeologist seeking funds for
trips into Egypt; he was the explorer launching expeditions
into the Amazon; he was Freud's assistant; he was the
Lindbergh baby; he was whoever he wanted to be. Unfortu-
nately, his luck was bound to run out. Vidal unknowingly
attracted the attention of Justicar Montecalme, who then
spent the better part of a decade trying to capture the
talented, but enigmatic, con-artist. Never a man to waste
good skills, however, the justicar took Vidal under his wing
after finding him, and he used Vidal for special assignments.
Vidal became the confidence man for Montecalme's stings.
Only the justicar, his archons and the Inner Circle knew
about Vidal.

Recently, Montcalme finished his term of duty and
stepped down from his position as justicar in a bit of contro-
versy. The Inner Circle made Vidal archon —an uncommon
appointment, as justicars usually select their own retinues—
and assigned him to Toreador Justicar Guil. Officially, Vidal
is intermediary and diplomat for the short-tempered and
often confrontational Madame Guil. Secretly, however, some-
one within the Inner Circle has suspicions about the good
justicar and is using Vidal asa spy. Vidal suspects as much, and
even harbors his own doubts about Madame Guil. She claims
she was part of French aristocracy before the revolution, but
Vidal knows better, having been Embraced then. Still, the
assignment is tough, and Guil isa cagey opponent. She trusts
no one and has allowed little to slip. Vidal, however, hopes
the game will be the challenge he so desperately seeks.

Image: Vidal turns heads wherever he goes. A well-
dressed and dapper individual, Vidal wears nothing but the
best in clothing: suits from Paris, gold cufflinks from Monaco,
London sweaters, German ties, Italian trousers and shoes,
and a Swiss gold watch. His tight frame speaks of a well-
defined body, but he carries himself like a gentleman. He
wears a smile to disarm the suspicious and a rose to catch the
wary off-guard. His sword-cane is for the unappreciative.

Roleplaying Hints: You play your parts well. You smile
easily and seemingly without a shred of malice, but it has
taken decades of practice to hide your predatory nature. You
even speak as though the world's best dramatists had scripted
your dialogue. Words are like silk on your silvered tongue,
and you never talk down to others. It is your ability to make
them feel equal in a conversation that often wins your
arguments for you. Despite your cultivated appearance, you
are a gambler. You can spot the odds in a situation, and you
can always play them to your favor. Gentleman and rogue,
that's what you are.

Clan: Toreador
Sire: Baroness Margaret d'Hautmont
Nature: Gallant

CHILDREN OF THE NicHt

56


Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1768

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Diplomacy 5,
Dodge 4, Empathy 4, Grace 4, Haggling 4, Interrogation 3,
Intimidation 3, Intrigue 4, Masquerade 2, Mimicry 4, Search
2, Streetwise 2, Style 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Disguise 4, Drive 3, Etiquette 5, Firearms 4, Lip Reading
2, Melee (sword-cane) 4, Sleight of Hand 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Academics 2, Bureaucracy 5, Camarilla Lore 3,
Computer 2, Finance 2, History 2, Investigation 2, Law 3,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 1, Occult 3, Politics 3, Sabbat Lore 2
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 3,
Potence 2, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Herd 4, Resources 3, Retainers 1,
Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 8

ILyvANA RAVIDOVICH, WITNESS TO DISASTER
Background: Frankly, Ilyana Ravidovich doesn't know

why she was selected for the position of archon. Nothing
escapes her detection for long, though, so she has no doubt
she'll know soon. This talent of Ilyana's may save her, but it
has likely doomed her as well, for she suspects it's the reason
she's still in Russia. The riddles of Russia have teased and
stumped the Camarilla for decades. Ilyana, a former chess
champion with a brilliant mind and the mental prowess to
crack the most complicated of codes, is perhaps the one to
finally pierce the fog of Baba Yaga and grasp the plans of the
mad geomancer Zelios.

Ilyana's childhood in Belgrade was dominated by chess
play and tournaments. Her father was a frustrated amateur,
and though he often spoke of his wish for a son instead of the
daughterhe received, he was eventually delighted to discover
Ilyana's tremendous aptitude for the game. As with many
child prodigies, though, Ilyana became bored with her excel-
lence and, after failing to receive parental permission to leave
the game, she rebelled and eventually fell in with Gavrilo
Princip in the days prior to the Great War.

Although she failed to understand the implications of
this high school student's ambitions, she acted as a co-
conspirator of Princip's in Sarajevo when the young man
killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand, the shot that set off World
War I. Thereafter, still naive of worldly ways after so many
sheltered years, Ilyana was swept into the ranks who sup-
ported the Russian Revolution, and after the end of the revolt
in 1920, she accepted Soviet citizenship. Finally settling

down after years of turmoil, Ilyana returned to her chess, and
once her prodigious skill was discovered, she was recruited to
teach the game to young Soviets.

Thisappointment began the series ofevents that brought
her to the attention of an ambitious Ventrue in Moscow. Her
production of junior chess champions led to her appointment
with a code-breaking department of the Soviet military,
which led to her Embrace. Her Ventrue sire had copies of
communications between a rival and members of the Brujah
clan that she hoped were incriminating, but they were so
obscurely coded as to prove unbreakable.

Only a ghoul for the several weeks the code required of
her, Ilyana so delighted herdomitor that the vampire decided
to Embrace her. Since that time, Ilyana has served Clan
Ventrue well, and her apparent reward was her recent promo-
tion to archon. She accepted the position because she fights
positional battles very well, and she believes she can do her
job and survive to reap even more rewards.

A pall descended on Ilyana's service as archon, however,
when she discovered the gravity of the Baba Yaga situation.
What she had once thought was merely (!) an elder vampire
with vast influence instead turned out to be a veritable god,
and Ilyana's trained eyes soon saw the marks of the Hag's
passage everywhere. This realization, combined with a curi-
ousassembly of Eastern European castlesalong obscure magical
ley lines revealed much to Ilyana. These activities were no
petty, chesslike game of move and countermove. Rather,
they bespoke Jyhad on a global scale. Ilyana discovered the
geomantic web had been laid by an ancient Nosferatu named
Zelios, presumably with the intent of trapping Baba Yaga.
The final piece of the puzzle, a geomantic glyph inscribed in
1998, led to a crumbling Russian castle that had been recon-
structed to house a Soviet missile silo 20 years ago. Since the
end of Soviet Communism, Russia had balkanized, and no


government agency retained any record of the silo or its
deadly contents. To this night, Ilyana keeps a watchful eye on
the missile and remains ever mindful of those who would use
it and their role in Baba Yaga's Jyhad.

Image: Ilyana is dark-complexioned and could be pretty
if she wasn't so obviously introverted and conservative. Her
long black hair is usually tied in a bun, and her choice of dress
lacks any presumption of style. She denies it, butshe probably
hassome Afghani ancestry. Her gaze is withering, and though
her body scarcely moves and she uses absolutely no hand
gestures when speaking, her eyes are like hummingbirds —
they dart back and forth, never focusing anywhere for long.

Roleplaying Hints: Youare always in control of yourself.
That is your defining characteristic. You know the same
cannot be said about anything else around you, but you
steadfastly refuse to be coerced or connived. You make up
your mind in your own time. Fortunately, it usually doesn't
take you long to see through anything. Your mind is very
sharp and very fast, and you have the ability to carry on
several conversations at once. You trust your first instincts,
but you are not stubborn at all — if new data is presented, you
can change your mind. Persons who interact with you feel as
if yousee right through them. Often you do. Underneath your
veneer, however, you are truly scared, not only for your own
well-being, but for that of the world as well, for the Hag does
not sleep easily.

Clan: Ventrue

Nature: Pedagogue

Demeanor: Plotter

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1931

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 2, Hobby Talent: Chess 5,
Instruction 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Lip Reading 3, Performance 3,
Security 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Area Knowledge (Eastern Eu-
rope, Russia) 3, Computer 3, Cryptography 5, Enigmas 3, Law
4, Occult 3, Politics 2, Research 4

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1, Potence 1,
Presence |

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 3, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 6

NOTEWORTHY DRINCESAND
PRIMOGEN

Lapy Anne Bowes.Ley, Queen OF LONDON

Background: Lady Anne Bowesley, now Queen (Prince)
of London, learned from her father at an early age that life
gives you only what you squeeze out when you take it by the
throat. Her father failed in his bid to throttle life when Oliver
Cromwell died, but Anne was influencing Parliamenta mere
hundred years later. .

Anne's father, one of the most prominent men in
Warwickshire in the early 17th Century, notonly bequeathed
his attitude to Anne, but as importantly, he arranged a fine
marriage for her. The arranged union was passionless, as such
affairs tended to be, but Anne's husband received a well-bred
wife, and Anne received a wider circle of contacts and
continued access to wealth.

After the death of her husband, Anne fell in witha group
of noblemen who dreamed the same kind of dreams as her
father. However, instead of seeking someone strong enough
to make himself king and then hold the position (as was
Cromwell's aim), the group merely sought a king who would
submit to the control of Parliament. Anne's work was critical
to the execution of the plan, and it was this time spent with
Parliamentarians which sowed the seed for her continued
reliance on that malleable institution.

In 1688, Anne's life changed. Her group's plan suc-
ceeded, for William of Orange invaded England, wrested
control of the throne and married the king's daughter so as to
produce an heir with indisputable divine right; of greater
personal impact, though, wasanotherkingmaker, the Ventrue
Valerius. He played the role of a noble in the secretive group
Anne joined, and he was very impressed with her. After
Embracing her, he brought her to the attention of the
Ventrue Prince of London, the powerful Mithras.

After proving herself to Mithras on a number of lesser
maneuvers, Anne accrueda significant influence over Parlia-
ment. She wielded it to superb effect for two-plus centuries
until the onslaught of the Great War. By then, Parliament
was everything the Ventrue required. For years, the clan
placed its stock in the monarchy, but the rise of the middle
class and coincidental losses to the English Ventrue's politi-
cal enemies, the Tremere, forced them to change tactics.
Anne fashioned Parliament into the ruling force of England,
which dealt a serious blow to the Tremere, but also served to
make her prince and her fief the strongest on the Sceptered
Isle.

The years between the World Wars were ones of great
danger and little gain. The Ventrue held their superior
position, but did not strengthen it. Then, as the bombs rained
upon London during German raids in World War II, Anne
found an opening she seized at once. Mithras' haven was
struck repeatedly one night, gravely injuring the Methuselah.
Anne was one of the faithful Ventrue who carried Mithras

Chiuonen oF THE Nice

58


from the remnants of his devastated haven that night in 1941,
and after the prince, deep in the clutches of torpor, was
tucked safely away, Anne proclaimed herself Queen of Lon-
don.

Anne took the title of queen because she disliked the
masculine sound of "prince," even though numerous other
female princes around the world have accepted this Kindred
custom of titles. The reasons for this decision are twofold.
Anne is approaching 500 years of age, which makes her old
enough to have a substantial appreciation for the monarchy
and its dressing despite her reliance on Parliament. More
importantly, she believes this demand of hers is viewed as a
sign of weakness by others. It reminds Kindred that she is a
woman, and despite the change she wrought in 1918 when
women gained the right to vote in England, Kindred old and
young still view women as a secondary species.

But she likes to make clear to anyone who broaches this
subject to her face: Mithras is dead, and she is queen. Who is
the impotent one?

Anne did not make this brazen claim until very recently,
however, after suspicions of Mithras' Final Death became
commion knowledge. For years, no one but London's Ventrue
elite knew the fate of Mithras. Some thought the incendiaries
had destroyed him that night in 1941. Others, particularly
the Tremere who found themselves too often outsmarted by
the wily prince, insisted that he was playing dead and that his
faked death was merely an invitation for them to reveal
themselves and their schemes.

As recently as a few years ago, Queen Anne's position
was tenuous. Despite decades of nominal prominence in
London, Anne wasunable to deal decisively with the Tremere
threat. So, in the end, it was Anne herself who, through
various agents, caused the Final Death of Mithras to become
general knowledge among Kindred. Then the Tremere did

exactly what they had so patiently forestalled for 50 years:
They acted quickly, believing that Anne's control was teeter-
ing.

But Anne's understanding of Kindred politics and power
plays had grown dramatically, and the Tremere fell directly
into her trap. For the first time, Anne did not rely on her
knowledge of kine institutions to make her bid for power. Her
plans and traps and counterattacks played out exclusively
behind the veil of the Masquerade, which — much to the
relief of the Camarilla — has been strengthened in recent
years after wearing thin for so many years of vulgar Kindred
manipulation of English politics.

Now, Anne is Queen Anne, undisputed Prince of Lon-
don. Only she seems to know her next moves.

Image: Anne is a petite woman, but her five-foot-two
stature seems dauntingly energetic. She still dresses in the
power suits of the 1980s, but she operates like an empowered
1990s woman at her peak, so though her actions may be
controlled, her explosive emotions radiate intensely none-
theless.

Roleplaying Hints: Your power base is more secure than
ever, so you don't need to show your control as openly as you
once did, but it's in your nature to be demonstrative. You do
not hesitate to cut people offin mid-sentence if you don't like
what they are saying or if they bore you. Of course, you don't
doso to anyone of higher station than yourself, but that group
has diminished since you gained a better hold of your London
prize in recent years. Beyond this show of power, your posi-
tion has not gone to your head. You know you do not possess
the personal power of Mithras, and an organized attempt to
overthrow you could certainly succeed. And so you watch
cover your fief like a hawk...

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Valerius

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1688

Apparent Age: early 50s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 7, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 6, Brawl 3, Dodge 6, Grace 3, Intimida-
tion 4, Leadership 6, Masquerade 5, Style 2, Subterfuge 7
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 5, Meditation 2, Melee 2, Perfor-
mance 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Academics 3, Area Knowledge (London) 7,
Bureaucracy 6, City Secrets (London) 5, Finance 5, Investiga-
tion 4, Law 6, Linguistics (numerous) 4, Occult 3, Politics 7
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 6, Fortitude 4, Presence 7
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd, 5, Influence 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 3


Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 6
Willpower: 9

TARA, PRINCE OF SAN DIEGO

Background: Settlers of the Western frontier traveled in
groups and died in droves; despite courage and tenacity, the
uneducated, poverty-stricken family of Tara joined the other
unfortunates, one by one, at the bottoms of shallow Texan
graves. Unable to fight cholera, starvation, political unrest
and outlaw assaults, Tara buried her children, her husband,
and her hopes in the desert sands.

Perhaps it was pity that moved Tara's sire; perhaps it was
the passion with which she decried an uncaring existence.
Whatever the cause, she was Embraced by a Brujah revolu-
tionary on the border of Texas and trained to fight against
"injustice." Border skirmishes held no interest for Tara,
though; parting ways with her sire, she set out to form a new
family of her own, one that would not fall prey to the ravages
of the frontier.

Surrounding herself with a small coven of fledglings,
Tara established a small domain in Texas, near what is now
El Paso; she fought to give her haven the security that she'd
never had in life. When the Civil War came, she and her
brood defended their territory fiercely, but many of her

childer left — Tara had no interest in taking sides, but many
of the younger Brujah felt the fiery need to become involved
in the war, or to see their side or their families victorious.
Unable to convince them to stay, Tara again watched her
family drift apart.

Without a stable family, Tara set about expanding her
control of her holdings. The end of the Civil War, though,
paved the way for a slowing economy. Despite learning to
exert her personality and charisma, Tara failed to adapt to
changing fortunes, and her havens and towns dried up like
desert weeds. Within a decade of the war's end, Tara lost most
of her money and her property and had to move to Dallas in
search of better fortunes.

Dallas was not kind to Tara: The primogen of the city
considered her young and unworthy of position, but poten-
tially dangerous enough (due to her potent blood) to bear
watching. Under their scrutiny, she was forced to develop her
financial skills, covertly managing her own operations in
order to support herself. Drawing on her still-growing leader-
ship capabilities, she managed to improve her fortunes despite
a lack of much influence in the city's policies.

The American Anarch Revolt was just the break Tara
needed. She gathered her revolutionary brood from the Civil
War years and traveled west to San Diego. Once in the midst
of the revolt, she and her childer provided much-needed
support and combat experience to the anarchs. The former
Don of San Diego had already been killed by the time of her
arrival. With little opposition and her group of loyal, experi-
enced fighters, Tara found claiming San Diego as her domain

to be a simple task. The provisional council of the anarchs
didn't have the time or resources to oppose her land grab;
besides, they needed the support of her warband. The city of
San Diego became Tara's barony.

For several decades, Tara "ruled" distantly over San
Diego. Her education in finance, politics and deal-making
had been finely honed, and her fighting skills compared to
those of combat veterans. Planting loyal agents in city police
and financing pet projects in the governmentallowed Tara to
nudge the city along her own desired paths. For the most part,
the anarchs of the city begrudgingly abided her rule, as she
remained undemanding. As long as nothing threatened San
Diego's growth and her control, Tara allowed the city and its
Kindred to do as they pleased.

By the mid-1990s, San Diego had grown from a sleepy
little town into a prosperous west coast city with a military
presence, a famous z00 and parks, border trade and interna-
tional celebrations. Seen asa jewel perched on the edge of the
United States, San Diego became a lucrative opportunity for
many Kindred hoping to expand their prestige and influence.
A careful strike by rival anarchs decimated some of Tara's
followers and resources in the city proper, forcing her to
retreat to Oceanside (an hour's drive north of the city). From
there, she watched as anarchs set up new "baronies" in an
attempt to jump-start their own status.

Having learned to let her enemies exhaust themselves in
combat with one another, Tara waited for the inevitable
bloody clashes of power in San Diego. Sure enough, no single
individual proved equal to the task of maintaining the city. A
succession of petty rulers ensued, each one ousted by anarchs
or would-be heirs to the city. Once the most dangerous and
powerful Kindred had wasted their efforts, Tara swept in with
her ghouls and experience to take the reins of a tired city.
Many of the Kindred had grown weary of the constant

Criupren oF THe Nice

0


turmoil and fighting; sentiment leaned toward the peaceful
organization of the Camarilla, and Tara at last declared
herself prince in full. With the Camarilla's tacit approval
(and a visit from Federico di Padua), she set about sweeping
up the remaining opposition and appointing the officers of
her reign.

Tara's heavy-handed swiftness in claiming San Diego as
her Camarilla fiefdom startled some anarchs and enraged
others; nevertheless, she cemented her hold quickly. How-
ever, sand leaks through even the firmest grasp; shortly after
her ascension, Tara found many of her contacts in the
underworld and border control compromised. Key mortals
suddenly knew of their vampiric masters; gangs and police
alike balked at vampiric interference, forcing a series of
cover-up murders. At first blaming anarchs, Tara soon real-
ized that the disorganized neonates of the city could not
orchestrate such a coup. From rumors and tales pieced to-
gether by terrified Nosferatu and Caitiff, she discovered that
her city is threatened from the shadows by the eastern
Cathayans. Tara, able to sway people to her side with her
forceful leadership, competent in battle and skilled in politics
and intrigue, has yet to learn the full measure of a war of
espionage and subversion — and so, once again, her domin-
ion slowly crumbles as its foundations erode.

Image: Tara is an average-looking woman of modest
height (5 feet, 6 inches), just a tad on the heavy side. She has
neatly-trimmed, slightly curly blond hair and expressive blue
eyes. Her gaze is striking; while she is not what most would
consider attractive, her force of personality is nearly over-
whelming.

Roleplaying Hints: You know how people work, and
you've used that knowledge to carefully orchestrate your
position as the Prince of San Diego. People who work with
you find you caring, thoughtful and witty; your opponents
quickly discover just how many people do work with you. You
have finally risen to prominence through your own merits,
and San Diego is your child. Through your care and influ-
ence, you help the city thrive. You refuse to let another
disaster befall your beloved family — you intend to control all
of the variables and make sure that San Diego grows and
ptospers, despite the interference of anarchs, Sabbat or
Cathayans.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Justin Davies

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1822

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Academics 1, Finance 2, Law 2, Linguistics
(Spanish) 1, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 2,
Potence 3, Presence 4, Thaumaturgy 1

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Herd 3, Influence 3,
Resources 3, Retainers 4, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 4

CaRLAK, Usurptr PRINCE OF PRAGUE

Background: In his mortal days, Carlak was the third
son of a Bohemian count. Knowing he would not inherit the
title and uninterested in a life in the Church, he chose
(against the wishes of his father) to enter Charles University
tostudy history, philosophy and science. He would have been
forcibly returned to his father's estates before finishing his
first year had it not been for the intervention of Dmitra
Ilyanova, a Ukrainian noblewoman who patronized the uni-
versity.

Dmitra saw potential in Carlak. She often invited him
(and other students) to her estate to meet with foreign
visitors and engage in philosophical debate throughout the
night. Often, he returned to his humble apartments only after
the sun had cleared the horizon, yet his enthusiasm never
waned. These weekly events sharpened his intellect and
performance at the university, even as he fought the strange
exhaustion that overtook him after the discourses.

Shortly after his graduation, Dmitra invited Carlak and
others from his class for a special celebration. The high point
of the evening would be a debate, Dmitra said, on the
relativity of good and evil. She also said that he who argued
his position most eloquently would be handsomely rewarded.
Through the night, they discussed the issues and debated
with ferocity inspired only by Dmitra's urging to excel.

When the debate ended, Dmitra declared Carlak the
victor for his sharp wit, his informed arguments and his
apparent conviction in his support for moral absolutism. His
"reward" was the Embrace, his first meal his classmates.

In truth, Dmitra had expected Carlak to succeed, and
she'd had no particular use for the others. After giving him
time to adjust to his new state, she took him on a tour of
Europe, introduced him to other elders of the Brujah clan and
indoctrinated him in its ways. She taught him to now think
only for himself. Instructors, family, Church and king no
longer ruled him. He had to give heed only to his intellect,
thirst for knowledge and blood now and forever. He needed
also to answer to Dmitra, who demanded that he hone his
mind, expand his experiences and acknowledge no limits.

Gurnr Two

61

One night she would take him to a gathering of Brujah to
debate the nature of God; the next, they'd hunt the kine and
drain them unto death. Dmitra saw unlife as an adventure of

epic proportions.
Within 10 short years, Dmitra began stalking another
young man, and time between her liaisons with Carlak

stretched from a few nights, to weeks, to months. Carlak
spent several decades in Prague, finding his own way between
increasingly infrequent visits from his sire.

He visited America during the 19th century but found
that the Brujah there were too uncouth and uneducated for
his taste. He returned a few years before the Russian Revolu-
tion and the formation of the Brujah Council. He assisted in
the revolution, only to see the council fall to the same hubris
as the Czars. He left, disgusted with the Brujah (again).
Duringa briefstop in Prague, he receiveda letter from Dmitra
inviting him to join her at the Grand Conclave. She con-
fessed that she had missed his conversation and desired his
company once again. At the conclave, Dmitra was appointed
as justicar and given the duty to monitor unrest in Europe.
She asked Carlak to serve as one of her archons.

Dmitra asked that he monitor the situation in the newly
evolving Soviet Union. She specifically wanted him to watch
thecouncil'sactions. The Inner Circle feared that they would
foolishly attempt to re-create Carthage and reveal them-
selves to mortals.

The Brujah Council was distrustful of Carlak's return to
Moscow, given the circumstances of his earlier departure.
Even so, he managed to find a few within its ranks who would
speak with him. He worked his way into their operations only
to find an organization hamstrung by personal vendettas.

In 1946, Petrodon offered Carlak a position among his
archons, which the Brujah accepted. He spent the next two
decades in America, where he worked with Petrodon to bring

anarchs back under the Camarilla's aegis. Carlak worked as
an infiltrator of sorts — he wormed his way into the confi-
dence of a group of anarchs, learned all he could about them
and reported back to Petrodon any planned attempts to break
the Traditions, or actual breaches in some cases. Carlak's
time in Russia served him well, as his participation in the
revolution and with the council gave him a certain cachet.

In 1972, Petrodon recommended that the Inner Circle
accept Carlak as the next Brujah justicar. Dmitra's removal
from the office opened a rift between sire and childe that
persists to this night.

Carlak spent the following 26 years coordinating with
Petrodon to curtail the anarch threat to the Camarilla.
Despite all efforts, they made little progress.

Petrodon called Carlak for assistance late in 1997. He
suspected the anarchs were about to make a major strike
against several Camarilla domains. Carlak was en route to
America when Petrodon's assassins struck.

When the Inner Circle met in 1998, Carlak resigned. He
returned to his old home to re-establish a permanent haven.

The Toreador Vasily, Prince of Prague, strongly suspi-
cious of all Brujah thanks to the repeated revolutions and
uprisings of the past five decades, demanded that Carlak
depart and never return. He accused Carlak of seeking his
position and possibly even his destruction.

Carlak, still frustrated over his failure with Petrodon,
flew into a rage and, barehanded, beat Vasily into torpor. He
then summoned the primogen to extract promises of support
from them. Relations remain tense and probably will for some
time due to the sudden nature of this praxis seizure. Carlak
keeps Vasily locked in the tightest, most secure casket he
could find, chained multiple times and bricked up in the
lower levels of Castle Prague.

With his position as prince somewhat secure, Carlak
now seeks to solidify his influence within the mortal world.
He uses his contacts across Eastern Europe to gain access to
governmental and diplomatic functions, to meet influential
mortals and to establish relationships with them.

Image: Carlak is relatively short for the 20th century,
standing just over five feet in height. However, his slender
frame radiates power and authority out of proportion with his
size. He keeps his shoulder-length blond hair tied back in a
ponytail and is well groomed at all times. Carlak prefers to
wear perfectly tailored outfits reminiscent of his mortal days
but still somewhat modern.

Roleplaying Hints: You must not show any sign of
weakness for the primogen to exploit. You regret the loss of
Petrodon, who was a valued teacher and comrade. Brook no
threat or insult to your position; the right of princes to rule
extends only as far as they may defend themselves from any
who might challenge them. Thus, you have proven superior
to the fool Vasily, and you maintain an anachronistic joy in
being the modern enlightened despot.

Ceaupren oF THE Nica

a

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Dmitra Ilyanova

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1730

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 4, Leadership 5, Style 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Debate 4, Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Fire-
arms 3, Melee 4, Performance 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 4, Bureaucracy 3, Camarilla Lore 4,
Investigation 6, Law 3, Linguistics 4, Occult 2, Politics 4,
Science 3

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Potence 3,
Presence 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 4, Mentor 4,
Resources 5, Retainers 2, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Derangements: Paranoia

Willpower: 7

GIANGALEAZZO, TRAITOR PRINCE OF MILAN

Background: Giangaleazzo was present at almost every
important historical event in Kindred society for the last five
centuries. Present when the Convention of Thorns was
called and the Camarilla began, he participated in the Anarch
Revolt and was a signatory to the Code of Milan as that city's
Archbishop. At the signing, Giangaleazzo had the honor of
being the guardian of the original manuscript. During his
swift, decisive and bloody defection to the Camarilla, he set
what he claims to be the original draft of the Code aflame and
threw it into the assembled ranks of the Milanese Sabbat,
thus proclaiming his new allegiance. This act of defiance has
made him one of the highest priority targets for the European
Sabbat.

A Lasombracalled Fray Diego, who wasa wealthy patron
of a Milanese order of monks, sired Giangaleazzo in the early
1400s. Diego chose him from acrop of novitiates when he saw
how many older monks came to this young man for advice,
and then how he used these elder clerics to ensure his
promotion and eventual primacy at the monastery. Diego felt
this fellow would make a fine addition to the clan, an opinion
that was confirmed upon his discovery of Giangaleazzo's
secret sojourns away from the monastery to nights filled with
women, wine and song.

Giangaleazzo took to his new nature immediately and
reveled in becoming one of the self-styled dark lords of

creation. The monastery had been a means for the young man
to be comfortable in the world, and eternal existence as a
vampire provided even more and different opportunities.
Who needed wine when vitae flowed hot and sweet?

Fray Diego brought his fledgling to the council, where
the terms of the Camarilla were hammered out alongside a
quiet, young vampire named Maltheas. Diego supported the
Camarilla's proposed move toward secrecy after a fanatical
member of the Inquisition uncovered him feeding, nearly
ended his unlife and left his face a burned ruin in the process,
thanks toa flaming brand. Giangaleazzo was uncertain of the
new sect's viability, but out of respect for his master said
nothing.

The Anarch Revolt ended, but from its ashes rose the
Sabbat. Giangaleazzo, by now Prince of Milan in all but
name, continued to play both sides of the fence, officially
condemning the anarchs but allowing them sanctuary within
his city.

Rapidly, Giangaleazzo realized that Fray Diego had been
wrong in throwing his support behind the Camarilla and
provided the opportunity for the other members of his clan to
destroy his foolish sire. Once assured of his power, he threw
his lot in officially with his clan and the Sabbat, inviting the
leaders to write their manifesto within his city.

Milan became a European Mecca for the Sabbat. Deep
within Camarilla territory, and only a stone's throw from the
Inner Circle's meeting place in Venice, the Sabbat often used
the heavily defended city as a staging ground for assaults and
harassment tactics. Giangaleazzo debauched himself in the
bloody freedom of the Sabbat, and he sincerely believed in its
mission to allow Cainites their freedom as the ultimate
predators and rulers of the night.

As the 20th century dawned, Giangaleazzo began to
grow disillusioned with the world ashe saw it around him. His


Sabbat, with its lofty goals of freedom for all Cainites, had
devolved into nothing but a squabbling and bloodthirsty
rabble, intent on nothing but a reign of carnage and hedo-
nism. Although Archbishop Giangaleazzo could remember
when he, too, felt that way, he missed the stately progressions
of his past, and the Machiavellian complexity of the old
times. Growing up in the days of the Medici princes and vast
trading empires of Renaissance Italy gave Giangaleazzo a fine
appreciation of style. Having served as the abbot of a large
monastery and then as the protégé of Diego, he'd often came
in contact with the nobility and shrewd trader-princes.

The events returning Milan to the Camarilla began
when an emissary from a consortium of Italian princes ap-
proached the archbishop. Fearing a front united against him,
Giangaleazzo decided to hear what this emissary had to say.
The princes had done their research well and knew the ennui
that afflicted the archbishop. The emissary described a new
Camarilla that had moved with the times, that was prepared
for every eventuality, that was open to new ideas and con-
cepts. The archbishop listened to these words eagerly, and,
intrigued, he agreed to speak further with this emissary.

Over the next few months a dialogue began, and
Giangaleazzo became more and more disgusted by the ex-
cesses of the Sabbat all around him, seeing the carnage and
brutal waste in the name of freedom as nothing but mindless
viciousness. Finally, he agreed toa stunning treachery against
the Sabbat that would deliver the vampires of Milan into the
hands of the Camarilla.

The Night of Bloody Terrors took place on a warm
March night in 1997. The archbishop invited the Sabbat
Cainites of his city toa wild ritus in his palace. There, with all
the Sabbat gathered in the courtyard, the archbishop, clad in
ceremonial robes, strode onto his balcony and surveyed the
monsters below him. He unrolled the Code of Milan and held
the yellowed parchment aloft. In a solemn voice he declared
that Milan swore allegiance to the Camarilla and that here-
after he would be known as prince. Lighting the document
amidst bestial howls, he threw it to the flagstones below. The
sound of the mighty courtyard doors being closed and bolted
reverberated throughout the palace, and as Giangaleazzo left
his home, it exploded into flames, engulfing the Cainites
within.

Forseveral weeks, an extended Lextalionis hunted down
the straggling remnants of the Sabbat, and at the end of the
year, Milan was under the influence of the Camarilla. Sup-
ported by coteries of enforcers lent from the other Italian
princes, Giangaleazzo, Prince of Milan, has begun to build his
city into a shining example of what a Camarilla city can be.

Image: Giangaleazzo appears as a dapper Italian aristo-
crat with very fine features. He generally dresses in
conservatively cut suits of the most expensive fabrics. He
always wears a ring with a large onyx stone set in a gold band.

Roleplaying Hints: You have thrown your lot in with
the Camarilla and damned the Sabbat to Hell. Be proud and

forthright, but always with exquisite manners. It is only a
naked display of the Beast that may get you angry, enflaming
your own Beast into action. Refinement, manners, exquisite
taste and poise should be your hallmarks.

Clan: Lasombra (now antitribu by dint of allegiance rather
than Embrace)

Sire: Fray Diego

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1402

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Expression 3,
Grace 2, Intuition 2, Leadership 3, Style 3, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee 3,
Performance 3, Security 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Bureaucracy 3, Finance 2, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 3, Linguistics (a wide selection of continental
languages and dialects) 4, Occult 2, Politics 5, Science 3
Disciplines: Dominate 3, Obfuscate 3, Obtenebration 4,
Potence 4, Presence 4, Quietus 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 4, Resources 4,
Status 4

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 5, Courage 4

Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 6
Willpower: 5

RutH McGIntey, THE VAGABOND
PRIMoGEN

Background: The daughter of Irish farmers, Ruth
McGinley was raised to be a subservient wife who would
produce a brood of healthy children. Her family fell upon
hard times and married her offat the age of 15 to have one less
mouth to feed. Her husband was an abusive drunk who took
out all his frustration at his family's poverty on Ruth.

One day, after years of abuse, Ruth snapped. Her hus-
band came home drunk, intent on dealing Ruth her daily
drubbing. This time, she fought back and cracked open his
skull with arolling pin. She'd never meant tokillhim, andher
grief and fear led her to run away to England. After several
months on the streets of London, she mugged a wealthy
solicitor and bought passage to America with the money.

Determined to start a new life on her own terms, Ruth
landed in Virginia, penniless and with nowhere to go. She
hired herself out doing menial housework, but her refusal to
submit to the drudgery of daily life got the best of her. After
a passing insult from her employer at dinner one night, she
dumpeda tureen of hot soup in his lap. Her employer's dinner
guest found this amusing to no end; little did she know that
the guest was a Malkavian who saw her act as a moment of

Cepren oF THe Nice

"4

brilliance. The estate's master had Ruth arrested, but before
she went to trial the guest appeared and took her away from
both jail and her life.

Ruth traveled with her sire for several years until she
succumbed to the lure of the American frontier. She moved
westward with the Manifest Destiny, always looking for a
place where she could continue her unlife as she wished.
Eventually, she ended up in Texas and established a haven.

Ruth realized she needed a cover for her nocturnal
existence. She found being an outlaw was both a dangerous
thrill and a disguise. The unlife of a gunslinger suited Ruth
perfectly. Her vampiric powers made her one of the deadliest,
and due to her gender, people constantly underestimated her.
She could fight, curse and gamble with the best of them.
Eventually, however, she found herself on the wrong end of
a pack of Lupines, and it landed her in torpor.

When she awakened in the 1920s, the world was a vastly
different place. The Texas oil boom was in full swing, and the
old frontier was gone. Again, Ruth made the best of it. She
saw the young prospectors and oil barons as the new genera-
tion of hustlers and gamblers, and she attached herself to
several of them. In a series of guises, she became the "other
woman" of some of Texas' most influential oil magnates as
well asa governor or two. Even the coming of greater numbers
of Kindred didn't seem to bother her.

Ruth entrenched herself in Texas politics not because of
alust for power, but because of an absolute need to control her

destiny. She undermined anything or anyone who sought to
control her, turning the law or the Church on anybody who
crossed her. She became known among Dallas' Kindred, and
eventually became a primogen by sheerage and formidability.

The ever-present encroachment of the Sabbat from
Mexico worries Ruth. She sees themasa threat to hercontrol.
Determined to turn the mongrels back to their covens, she

occasionally even gets out her old pistols and leads hunting
parties across northern Texas. Ruth doesn't particularly care
about the Camarilla, though she believes it to be adamn sight
better than finding ignominious Final Death among the
brutish packs of the Sabbat.

Image: Long, fiery red hair and green eyes mark Ruth's
Irish heritage. She has even retained her freckles in unlife.
Among mortals, she wears fashionable, if conservative, dresses.
When she travels outside the city or on Kindred business, she
wears jeans, loose shirts, cowboy boots, a black duster and a
cowboy hat. No matter what Ruth wears, however, her
matched pair of vintage Colt Peacemakers are never far from
her grasp.

Roleplaying Hints: Don't walk, swagger. Youstrutaround
with a confidence that is infectious. You do whatever you feel
needs to be done, come Hell or high water. People get out of
your way, and, dammit, they should respect you. Even when
you're not wearing guns, act like you are. Always act like you
are in control ofany situation. Livingasan outlaw, youpicked
up the habit of constantly looking over your shoulder. As-
sume there is somebody out there who wants to get back at
you for some reason or another. You possess a touch of
paranoia that something you did will come back to haunt you.
Clan: Malkavian
Sire: Billy Dexler
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Bravo
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1769
Apparent Age: late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy
2, Haggling 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Scrounging 1,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 1,
Repair 2, Ride 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 1, Bureaucracy 2, Camarilla Lore 3,
Finance 1, Investigation 1, Linguistics (English, Spanish) 2,
Medicine 2, Occult 2, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Dementation 3, Dominate
1, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 2
Backgrounds: Herd 2, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5
Derangements: Hysteria, Paranoia, Obsession (Ruth never
spends two nights in a row at the same haven. She believes
her foes could easily destroy her during daylight if they could
track her patterns.)

Willpower: 7


Litte Haare, TREMERE PRIMOGEN OF
AMSTERDAM

Background: Lille Haake was raised by her father, an
instructor with the University of Amsterdam. He. taught
philosophy in his home, and Lille became known for inter-
tupting classes and lording over her permissive father. The
university students took to calling her "Mrs. Haake" — a
nickname that she adored without understanding the Electra
complex that fueled her feelings.

After her father died on her 13th birthday, another
university family took "Mrs. Haake" in. Although still fright-
fully headstrong, she withdrew into the school's library.
When she came across An Essay on Witchcraft, Lille was
instantly taken with the notion of controlling the forces of
nature. More specifically, she was obsessed with contacting
and raising the dead.

For the next 32 years, Lille dedicated herself to the study
of the mystic arts. When the speculative tomes in the univer-
sities of Groningen and Leiden and Utrecht could no longer
satisfy her, she spent time with a Huguenot refugee who knew
things at which her books only hinted. As her network of
associates grew, she moved beyond common magical notions
of black cats and stillborn calves and learned alittle about the
true supernatural creatures of the world. One night in 1779,
she knocked on the door of Amsterdam's only chantry and
informed Thorbecke, the Tremere Regent, that she was ready
to become like him.

To say that Thorbecke was surprised would be an under-
statement. A kine — a female kine — had discovered his
chantry and knew something of the nature of the Kindred.
Admiring her resourcefulness and directness, he decided not
to kill her right away. After several years of interviews and
several more years of consideration, Thorbecke finally agreed
to make her "become like him."

Lille was a quick study. Although she always did the
bidding of her sire, she generally divorced herself from the
nightly events of Kindred society. She buried herself in her
studies, and it took Thorbecke's death at the claws of the
wretched Sabbat in 1989 to make her face the world.

Lille had felt a great deal of respect for her sire and knew
that there had been much left to learn from him. She found
having him taken from her to be completely unacceptable
and resolved to punish the offenders severely. At the same
time, the Tremere High Regent of the Low Countries decided
Lille should take control of the Amsterdam Chantry and
assume Thorbecke's position as primogen. She developed
contacts among the Kindred and littered Amsterdam with
magical surveillance automatons to gather information. She
spent nearly a decade learning the secrets of the city and its
Kindred; the results shocked her.

The princes of Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxem-
bourg had long been united ina group called the Consortium.
The Prince of Amsterdam, a Consortium member named
Arjan Voorhies, had been steadily losing face because of his

inability to deal with the encroachment by the loathsome
Beryn family of Giovanni vampires. Recently, however, the
fortunes of Prince Voorhies had changed. He enlisted the
assistance of Luxembourg "free agent" Hendrik Van Dyck,
who led an independent strike force against the Giovanni
concerns in the city. By all accounts, the action wasa success,
but while the Consortium congratulated Voorhies, Lille
made her shocking discovery. She uncovered evidence —
not proof, but compelling leads — that Van Dyck wasa leader
in the Sabbat. It seemed that Van Dyck's move against the
Giovanni had been designed to draw attention away from
Sabbat activities in Amsterdam — activities that included
the assassination of her sire.

Enraged, Lille confronted Voorhies and demanded a
blood hunt be called on Van Dyck. Had she been more
politically savvy, she would have approached the matter
more tactfully. As it stood, the prince was riding the wave of
success following his pogrom. Should it be revealed that he
had been duped by the Sabbat, his position in the Consortium
would become tenuous at best. Voorhies opted to ignore the
matter and threatened to decry Lille as a hysterical renegade
if she approached the other princes about the matter. After
weeks of arguing, Lille came to a decision that would forever
change her place in Kindred society.

She went to the Giovanni.

Lille secretly struck a deal with the Beryn family of the
Necromancers. She agreed to apprise them of any actions
that Voorhies planned against their interests. In return, they
would support her vendetta against the Sabbat. If the rela-
tionship worked well, Lille explained that she might require
one other favor of them.

Soon all of Kindred society was abuzz. It was said that
Lille Haake had uncovered a major Sabbat coven. She had
single-handedly burned them out and sent several to Final
Death. Prince Voorhies publicly applauded her, but secretly
cursed her for undermining his authority. He also doubted
that she could have accomplished this act on her own, and he
set about learning the truth of the matter.

Now, Lille is at the center of an intense four-way stand-
off. She, Voorhies, the Beryn and the Van Dyck Sabbat all
hold cards that — when put into play — are sure to yield
spectacular success for some and Final Death for the rest. Lille
is determined to emerge from the game having learned the
ways of Giovanni nigrimancy, and not staked out for the sun.
She suspects however, that either eventuality may take her
one step closer to the dead father whom she has been chasing
since childhood.

Image: Lille Haake has graying brown hair that she
always wears pulled back. She is rather tall, large-boned and
has a squarish face. She usually dresses in a simple black
cotton dress and plain, comfortable shoes, which ironically
makes her stand out among the fashion-conscious Kindred of
the Low Countries.

Ceauoren oF THe Nicut

6


Roleplaying Hints: You are blunt and brutally direct.
You have no concern for political tact or diplomacy. Rising
in the ranks of the Camarilla means little to you, except in
that it gives you more opportunities learn the skills you
require. Everything you do serves your long-term goal of
reuniting with the soul of your mortal father.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: William Thorbecke

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1784

Apparent Age: early 50s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 4, Intimidation 1, Intuition 3,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 3, Herbalism (alchemical theory) 4, Perfor-
mance 3, Pilot (Boat) 3

Knowledges: Academics 4, Investigation 4, Linguistics 2,
Occult 6, Research 6

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Presence 1, Thaumaturgy 5
Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 5, Spirit Manipulation
5, Weather Control 4, Conjuring 3, Countermagic 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Resources 2, Retainers 2, Status 4
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 7

OTHER KINDRED OF NoTe

HKARSH, WARLORD OFTHE CAMARILLA

Background: Much as they might wish it otherwise, the
Camarilla has its monsters.

The first and only postulant to hold the title of warlord
rarely speaks of his past. From what little can be pieced
together, he is believed to be the Seljuk Hassan al-Samhir,
conqueror of Manzikert, greatest of generals, who served two
sultans of the fledgling Ottoman Empire, he whom the Turks
exalted in the verse "Samhir, great Samhir, inexorable Samhir,
mightiest of warriors beneath the ancient blue sky."

Although undefeated and unswervingly faithful, Hassan's
pride was his single, unforgivable shortcoming. His heroic
standing among the people, coupled with his lust for battle,
earned him the mistrust of Murad, his second lord, who was
not half the man his predecessor had been. This friction,
fueled by the general's incessant protests against the corrup-
tion for which the sultan's reign became known, ultimately
exploded into enmity — Hassan was branded a traitor,
sentenced to death, and forced to stand before the empire he
once protected for confession and eventual execution.

But the warrior did not die easily. Calling upon Allah to
defend his innocence, Hassan met the sultan's torturous
trials, Stoned, subjected to single combat, even pitted against
the fangs and talons of animals — all these tests and more he
endured in the name of Murad's "justice." At length the ruler,
who could no longer continue his persecution against a hero
of the Turkish nation, condemned his once-enforcer as "no
man, but a savage creature wearing flesh as does a man, lean
and hungry as are the beasts of the wild for the blood of
children and innocents." With this final curse, Hassan al-
Samhir was exiled, left without shelter or sustenance in the
great erg, there to find his death.


Death found him first.

Virtually nothing is known of the fledgling's where-
abouts or activities in those early nights. Some believe he
simply wandered for a time, grappling with the uncertainties
of his new existence and brethren; others point to Eastern
accounts of a semi-mythical figure called the Khayyim, a war-
born creature roaming the desert sands in search of the
adversary who could end its unnatural existence. Still other
sources maintain it was none other than Hassan, riding
westward by night with the Tatar hordes, whose hand rose to
crush his once-beloved homeland decades later.

Speculation aside, Cainite historians tell tales of an
auspicious meeting immediately preceding the close of the
15th century between undead hand and unbroken will. Itwas
there that Hassan al-Samhir pledged eternal fealty to an
immortal calling himself Hardestadt of Ventrue, leader of
men and monsters, a being whose words swayed nations —
and bearer of an uncanny intellect, who knew words would
not always be enough.

Thus was the Warlord of the Camarilla born.

Tonight, Karsh presides over a dedicated body of rapid-
response teams from a decommissioned military fortress in a
North American mountain range as guardian of Raphael de
Corazon's dream. Although dismissed by allies and enemies
alike as a dangerous, mindless juggernaut, he is cognizant of
the fact that war must be fought on many fronts and strives to
keep abreast of the tactics and technologies of this century.
Unbeknownst to all but a select few, the Warlord has retaken
more than one Sabbat-held city through covert political and
paramilitary methods, rather than the brute force for which
he is typically known; he is possessed of and equally proficient
with a wide variety of weapons, ranging from traditional
counter-guerilla warfare to contained "industrial accidents,"
inner-city police death squads, and quarantines fronted by
the Fort Collins Center for Disease Control.

Image: A towering mass of strength and sinew —a lion-
maned colossus, broad-featured, dusky-skinned, crisscrossed
from head to toe with the scars of a thousand battles.

Roleplaying Hints: You are brooding and silent, due to
either the ennui of immortality or the sheer self-assurance
cultivated through centuries of solitude. It suits your purposes
to be perceived as simple; when you speak, however, your
words are curt and carefully chosen. The stoic silence into
which you retreat is interrupted only by the killing machine
you let loose whenever you take the field. This bloodthirsty
side, unconquered and uncontrolled, leads many to whisper
that you are becoming that which you most despise.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Unknown — in his more loquacious moods, Karsh
occasionally makes reference to Arabic legends concerning
packs of ancient wolf-djinn hunting the wilderness of the
Near East.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Fanatic
Generation: 5th
Embrace: Early 13th century (judging from historical cues)
Apparent Age: indeterminate (perhaps a haggard, weath-
ered 30)
Physical: Karsh swings his sword and enemies fall; persons
who have touched him claim his skin has acquired the
strength of diamonds.
Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 6, Wits 7
Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 5, Brawl 7, Dodge 6, Instruc-
tion 4, Interrogation 4, Intimidation 6, Leadership 6,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Archery 4, Demolitions 3, Drive 3,
Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Meditation 3, Melee 8, Ride 5,
Stealth 4, Survival 5
Knowledges: Black Hand Lore 4, Camarilla Lore 5, Expert
Knowledge: Tactics 5, Investigation 4, Linguistics (a broad
selection of languages both spoken and dead) 5, Medicine 3,
Occult 4, Sabbat Lore 5
Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 1, Celerity 7, Dominate 1,
Fortitude 7, Potence 6, Presence 2, Protean 8
Backgrounds: Allies (Inner Circle) 8, Herd 4, Influence
(Military) 4, Resources 5, Retainers 8, Status 7
Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Morality: Path of the Feral Heart 6
Derangements: Gluttony
Willpower: 9
AISLING STURBRIDGE, HIGH REGENT OF THE
CHANTRY OF THE Five BOROUGHS
Background: Aisling was born in 1890 in upstate New
York toa banker and his wife. Her mother died when Aisling
was two, and her father chose to let his daughter run wild like
a hoyden with her brothers rather than endure his wife's
meddling relations' attempts to raise her. During this long
period of freedom, Aisling gravitated toward mysticism
through her Catholic upbringing and studied whatever she
believed would be necessary to learn more. She taught herself
Latin and Greek to read occult texts from the church library
(she persuaded her elder brother to borrow books for her).
Aside from reading, she attended seances and corresponded
with a number of occultists, many of whom had little idea
they were communicating with a teenaged girl. When her
mother's family finally got wind that Aisling was accepting
an invitation into an "Enlightened Society" or somesuch,
they put their collective foot down and ordered her to
finishing school. Aisling instead took her trust fund and
abandoned Victorian America for the decadence of London.
In turn-of-the-century London, Aisling inserted herself
into the occult scene, and her remarkable scholarship at-
tracted many eyes, including those of Aleister Crowley. Her
brilliance did not go unnoticed by others; her sire-to-be,

Coupren oF THE Niet

i)


Lucien de Maupassant, met her during a séance salon, and the
two became close confidants. In 1910, Crowley, apparently
embittered that a girl so many years his junior was outstrip-
ping him in the Hermetic mysteries and attracting far more
attention by her scholarship, requested that Aisling become
hisnext Scarlet Woman. In essence, it was a demand that she
submit to rape. Lucien, already considering Aisling as poten-
tial progeny, took her away from London and Crowley's
grasp, and on an extended tour of Europe and the Middle East
to secretly test her fitness as a Tremere. When he was
satisfied, he brought her to Vienna for the Embrace and to
meet the rest of the clan.

For the next 30 years or so, the pair served as free agents,
delivering messages between chantries, building chantry
libraries and investigating on Inner Council orders. World
War II separated them for long periods as Aisling tended the
chantries in Nuremberg, Warsaw, Krakow and Dresden. Her
friends in high places often could not decide what to do with
her; on one hand, her questioning of the Tremere's role with
the Nazi regime was intolerable to her superiors, but on the
other, her work during air raids to preserve the treasures of
embattled chantries was faultless.

In 1948, her sire and longtime companion abruptly went
missing during an assignment supposedly given him by the
Inner Council. According to certain upper-level gossips, it
was Meerlinda who turned the young woman's talents to
America, with hopes that it might distract her. Aisling's
commentaries on the McCarthy hearings and the Age of
Aquarius remain among the definitive studies on the periods,
both in and out of clan. Certain that she would have felt or
heard of Lucien's destruction, she continues to search for
word of him even now.

Aisling's last city of residence was Atlanta, where she
served the regent as his assistant before she was abruptly
called to New York. She was field-promoted to her current
position after someone spread her predecessor's ashes across
Sheepshead Bay (see A World of Darkness Second Edition).
As lieutenant, and by popular accord, she ascended to the
Regency in November of 1996.

Aisling is eminently qualified to serve in New York for
anumber of reasons. Her intense study of the Tzimisce, time
spent in Eastern Europe, and fluent command of Hungarian
make her an excellent foil against the Fiends. Her years in
Europe during WW II proved that she can handle herself
under fire and that she is resourceful. She is young enough to
be expendable to the upper echelons, but old enough to be
taken seriously by the rank and file. Unlike most of her
contemporaries, she does not mindlessly despise the Sabbat;
she hasa specific list of crimes thatshe holdsagainst them and
fights them for. She is well aware of the old saw that persons
who hate their enemies without reason become like their
enemies, and she watches herself carefully to avoid that path.

Recently, some of the higher ranks have begun to watch
her with growing concern. She is one of the most dynamic

and popular regents, and she has a number of high-placed
friends in and out of the clan. She has shown no qualms about
deal-making with other Kindred for assistance, eschewing
much of the traditional Tremere insularity. And so far, she
has managed to avoid becoming completely blood bound to
the Council (some fear that her early Embrace ties have
seriously atrophied due to her long time asa free agent). Were
she to win the war with the Sabbat, these tradition-minded
Tremere fear she might be named lord, something they hope
to prevent at any cost — perhaps even the war's outcome.

Image: Aisling has medium-to-dark brown shoulder-
length hair, always pulled away from her face. Her deep-set
eyesare astartling storm-gray hue. She hasalways taken pains
to hide her more feminine aspects and prefers men's clothing
tailored to accommodate the Kevlar vest she wears in the
field; recently, though, a few of her apprentices have begun to
encourage her toward a more Agent Scully-ish look. On
evenings "out," she wears a flak jacket over her regular
clothes. When studying, she wears round, antique magnify-
ing spectacles. Her handsare nearly always gloved, and on her
left ring finger, she wears an antique gold band engraved with
the word "Faith."

Roleplaying Hints: Assume nothing. You have others
you trust, but you trust them only so far. You wield an
inquisitive mind that takes nothing for granted, even the
"truth" given to you by your superiors. You work any task you
set yourself until it is done to your satisfaction, by whatever
means necessary. You take something from every task you
have, be it information, an out-of-clan alliance or simply
experience. You are well aware that you're being watched by
others who fear your methods, and you're always ready with
justification. Every barrier you encounter to your work is

Giarrer Two

0

either something to be hammered at or sneaked around,
never a deterrent. Pursue any word about Lucien to its end.
Clan: Tremere

Sire: Lucien de Maupassant

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1911

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Dodge 5, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Disguise 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 2,
Security 1, Stealth 3, Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 4, Bureaucracy 2, Camarilla Lore 3,
Clan Knowledge (Tremere) 3, Computer 1, History 3, Inves-
tigation 4, Law 1, Linguistics (Arabic, Cantonese, Dutch,
French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Japanese, Latin,
Mandarin, Portuguese, Romany, Sanskrit, Spanish, Yiddish)
5, Occult 5, Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 3, Science 2
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 2, Thaumaturgy 5

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 5, Movement of the
Mind 5, Lure of Flames 4, Elemental Mastery 3, Countermagic
2, Spirit Manipulation 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Influence 3, Mentor 5,
Resources 4, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 9

Merits/ Flaws: Time Sense, Natural Linguist

HarRoLp Goopston, PARIAH

Background: Harold was born in Benton City, Missouri
in 1828. At the age of 15, he realized he was a werewolf and
joined others of his kind on some monstrous mission in
Chicago.

In 1860, while scouting an enemy's lair, Harold's pack
encountered several vampires and battle ensued. His pack
scattered after two fell in combat. Harold and three others
were taken prisoner. When Harold awoke, he found himself
bound by silver chains alongside three other survivors from
his pack.

Their captor soon revealed his plans to Embrace the four
werewolves. Harold watched as each of his packmates died.
When the vampire came for him, he awaited a release that
never arrived.

Harold Goodston became one of the Kindred.

Oliver Ligon, Harold's new master, observed and ma-
nipulated kine politics on behalf of Prince Maxwell. Goodston

learned his lessons from Oliver well, but he never forgot his
true heritage — despite the fact that his continued existence
betrayed it utterly.

Harold served his master faithfully for the next 11 years.
He found that, in a twisted fashion, he enjoyed his new
power. Money and vices flowed to him, and he could outfight
Kindred who got in his way. He briefly attempted to return to
his people but broke off that effort after two werewolves
nearly destroyed him.

When Chicago burned on Devil's Night, the Ventrue
Lodin seized the princedom from Maxwell. Lodin's agents
destroyed Oliver, and none of Harold's efforts at revenge
succeeded. Over the next two decades, Harold withdrew from
Kindred society. He moved to the sewers, took the name
"Pariah" and embarked on a private search for Golconda.
Thereafter, he returned to the surface only when seeking lore
to secure his salvation.

Pariah re-entered society in the mid-1990s in an effort to
resolve the mutually catastrophic conflict between Chicago's
werewolves and vampires. His information was crucial for
several key Lupine victories, though they refused to accept
him after the war wound down. They still saw him as a threat
and offered him only the mercy of a quick death. A special
pack formed to hunt him down immediately after the war.

Unfortunately for the pack, it was unprepared for the
power of Pariah's rage melded with the ferocity of the vampiric
Beast. No one was more surprised than Pariah, who regained
his will only to find the bodies of three Lupines laying drained
at his feet. He fled, seeking another haven deeper in the
sewers, howling his mingled rage and sorrow to the uncaring
night.

Ublo-Satha, Gargoyle servant to the Tremere, listened...
and reported to the child-regent Nicolai. The elder Tremere,
their curiosity aroused, assigned the Gargoyle to continue
studying Pariah for weaknesses Nicolai might use as levers of
control.

Pariah's self-imposed exile brought him no peace. His
inner torment worsened under nightmares Nicolai induced
with thaumaturgical rituals. As Nicolai intended, Pariah
became convinced that the dreams flowed from his isolation.

Nicolai let Pariah make the first move. The elder's
childlike appearance and protection-seeking manner com-
pletely deceived the outcast. Still, Pariah did not immediately
commit himself to the elder, despite the urgings of his
induced dreams.

For their second meeting, Nicolai arranged for local
bravos to attack him while Pariah was nearby. The abomina-
tion — for so the night creatures called him — answered the
"child's" cry for help and, at Nicolai's request, remained to
talk after chasing the assailants away. The two conversed into
the early hours of the morning.

Nicolai fooled Pariah into performing a few tasks for the
Tremere over several months. In one instance, he used Ublo-

Cemupren oF THE NicHt

10

Satha to make it appear that minions of Nicolai's rivals
attempted to kill him. Pariah willingly destroyed those min-
ions with a savagery that frightened Nicolai.

Pariah assists Nicolai when he can, though he never fully
understands the depths of the Tremere's deceit. He is happy
to have a "friend" with whom he can confide. Despite long
intervals between each encounter, these meetings are a great
comfort to Pariah.

On occasion, Pariah attempts to spy on Lupines so he
may vicariously experience his old society. He longs to rejoin
them, but he is haunted by the memory of the werewolves he
drained.

After such sojourns, Pariah desperately contemplates
walking into the sun, but he has not yet been able to muster
the will to follow through. His instinctive will to survive is at
odds with his desire for destruction, and he has not yet
reconciled the two.

Through the use of his magic, Nicolai has given Pariah
two draughts of his blood. The third drink will come soon...

Image: Pariah's fur in wolf form is dingy white, scraggly
and unkempt. It would be silvery were it clean. He has
unusually large fangs and jet-black claws and his body is sleek
and muscular. His human form is that of a pale, dirty bum
wearing old clothes, a baseball cap, trenchcoat and combat
boots.

Roleplaying Hints: Watch quietly from the shadows
and never expose yourself. You show warmth to no one for
fear that you may cause harm. Sometimes, you lose track of
what you're doing because of the depression, but try to hide
it. If someone attracts your attention, ignore him. You carry
the world on your shoulders and have a dark, gloomy attitude.
When you manage to pull yourself from the pit of despair, you
walk with the posture and pride of bearing you once lived, and
even your rags and filth cannot hide that. However, this only

makes your retreat into depression doubly crushing when it

inevitably comes.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Oliver Ligon

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1860

Apparent Age: early 30s

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Ronin (formerly Silver Fangs)

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Primal-

Urge 5, Streetwise 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Repair 3, Stealth

3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Chicago) 4, City Secrets

(Chicago) 3, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Kindred Lore 3,

Medicine 4, Occult 4, Rituals 3, Sewer Lore 2

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 2, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate

4, Potence 2, Presence 3, Protean 5

Gifts: (Homid) Persuasion (1), Jam Technology (2), Dis-

quiet (3), (Galliard) Mindspeak (1), Dreamspeak (2), (Silver

Fangs) Sense Wyrm (1), Lambent Flame (1), Luna's Armor

(2), Awe (2), Silver Claws (3), Wrath of Gaia (3). If you do

not own Werewolf: The Apocalypse, simply add two extra

dots of Auspex and Fortitude to simulate the effects of these

Gifts. Additionally, give him Celerity to three dots to reflect

Pariah's Lupine heritage.

Rites: Pariah knows several rituals that enable him to con-

tact spirits for a variety of services. Due to his degenerate

state, however, only demonic spirits respond. The effects of

these rituals are up to individual Storytellers, although some

effects allow him to track his enemies and conceal his haven

from prying eyes. Use of these rituals destroys his spirit even

further, however.

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 3, Past Life 4, Pure Breed 5,

Resources 2

Rage: 5

Gnosis: 4

Willpower: 4

Notes: Several of Pariah's Traits appear in Werewolf: The

Apocalypse, which goes into greater depth than the simple

lists presented here. Additionally, Pariah uses the rules for

abominations provided in the Werewolf Players Guide

Second Edition.

Pariah is in a state of perpetual depression. Halve his dice

pools, unless he spends Willpower to negate the penalty for
~-a scene. He-may not spend Willpower to gain automatic


successes. He may not spend blood points in the same turn he
uses Gnosis or Rage.

Pariah's Gnosis must continue to drop as long as he neglects
his Lupine heritage. As long as he associates with vampires,
this decline is a given.

EL Diasio Verde

Background: The ways of the Jyhad are shrouded in
subtlety, as cloaking and ephemeral as ancient Night itself.
And yet, there is one arena in which the freakish denizens of
the dark can flaunt their nature freely, in which Masquerades
fall to tatters and the Delirium only exacerbates the onlook-
ers' blood-mad frenzy. This is the circus of carnage known to
World of Darkness sports aficionados as Extreme Wrestling
Warfare. This barbaric spectacle, which is televised world-
wide and garners enormous pay-per-view revenues, is wildly
popular among mortal and Awakened beingsalike. InEWW,
the jaded fans are accustomed to crazed combat maneuvers
and bizarre characters, so even the most monstrous of the
night-breed is but another costumed legend, to be revered or
reviled as the fans see fit.

Although the majority of EWW's competitors are hu-
man (if only nominally so), a fair number of supernaturals
compete in the federation, both to hone their combat skills
and to wallow in the luxury of indulging their powers in
"public." The Pentex Corporation runs training camp from
which many "steroid"-twisted combatants emerge. EWW's
current cruiserweight champion, lucha daredevil Huitzil
Colibri, is whispered to be a jaguar-warrior of the elusive
Bastet, while International Champion "Diamond" Duncan
Dunsirn's violent appetites and blood-red kilt inspire grue-
some speculation from persons knowledgeable in the ways of
the fae. The tag team division is dominated by two of New
York's meanest, Assamite antitribu terror-twins Sucka T. and
Farouk "Skorpio" Mustafa; these 23-time champs are collec-
tively known as the 2Hot Nation of Harlem Ghetto Posse
Gangsta Experience.

A formidable and motley crew, indeed. But the true lord
and ruler of EWW — indeed, the mightiest combatant ever
to lace up a pair of boots — is unquestionably the masked
sensation, the Tijuana Terror, the Heavyweight Champion
of the World, the Toughest S.O.B. in EWW, the Mexican
Nightmare El Diablo Verde.

None can withstand the might of El Diablo Verde. His
execution of the awe-inspiring 450° Corkscrew Diablo-
canrana™, a feat of athleticism seemingly impossible for a
combatant his size, routinely brings the bloodthirsty crowd to
its feet. His Chupacabra Helldriver™, while seemingly simple,
is one of the most effective finishing maneuvers in the sport.
His crippling Javelin de Infierno™ , a tope suicida/ spinebuster
combination, has sent mortals to the grave and weaker
Kindred into agonized torpor. And when El Diablo Verde
locks on the debilitating Calamar Gigante Clutch™... well,

whatcha gonna do when the Largest Arms in the World of
Darkness® run wild on you?

Once, El Diablo Verde was merely mortal, though he was
a mighty luchador even then. He won the Mexican Heavy-
weight title in his rookie year, at the age of 18, and retained
his mask through an unprecedented 50 mask-versus-mask
bouts. Alas, El Diablo Verde's meteoric rise to fame attracted
the notice of the dark. Seeking a pawn in their games, a
Sabbat pack captured the luchador, gave him the Embrace and
sought to administer the Creation Rites. But even death
could not still el corazon fuerza of El Diablo Verde! Diablo's
kidnappers ran afoul of another group of undead — whether
aCamarilla coterie ora rival pack, Diablo neither knows, nor
cares, to this night.

In any event, the momentary confusion provided the
break El Diablo Verde needed. Grasping the shovel with
which his assailants had intended to bury him, El Diablo
Verde made his stand in that benighted graveyard. And what
a stand! Vampiros fell beneath his mighty blows like wheat
before the thresher's flail! Heads spun from torsos, spines
were wrenched bodily from their housings, and many a
monster shrieked its last as El Diablo Verde body-slammed it
back to Hell! Finally, toward dawn, El Diablo Verde stood
alone amid a charnel house of ashes and twisted bodies.
Strangely tired, El Diablo Verde lay down in the open grave
that had been intended for him and used his mighty brazos to
wrench a stone slab over the opening. Then, the victor slept
the sleep of champions.

Upon awakening, El Diablo Verde quickly realized that
he could never unmask in public again. But his sadness was
tempered by the unholy strength that flowed through his
limbs. He knew the legends of the people, and he realized
what he was and what he would need to do. No, he could not

Ceauoren oF THE NicHt

2

stay here. He would flee to el norte, make a name for himself
in the great EWW, and should that not work out, well...

But it would work. Was he not mightiest among men,
and now mightiest among the Damned as well? Yes... pon-
dering, he realized that many of the EWW combatants'
"gimmicks" must indeed be real! These mockeries openly
cavorted and skirmished before the mortal throngs, hiding
their evil beneath the thinnest of shrouds, then preying on
the fans who supported them! Well, it was time for venganza
— they who sought to drag El Diablo Verde into the world of
the dead would find themselves counted out for eternity!

And soa legend was born. A rabid throng of fans — Los
Hijos del Diablo, who wear replica masks, T-shirts and
whatever the Diablo Verde franchise cranks out this week —
follows El Diablo Verde from arena to arena, rabidly cheering
him on while hurling epithets and trash at wrestlers unfortu-
nate enough to be his opponents. Thus far, Los Hijos have
little reason to be disappointed — El Diablo Verde is the
EWW's dominant heavyweight, with only a smattering of
losses and the title wrapped securely around his undead
washboard waist.

Now, El Diablo Verde stands alone against those denizens
of the dark that prey on the weak and helpless. Come one, come
all. El Diablo Verde fears no one! Who's next? Who's next?!?12!?

wats ester tad of You Spr Enterannent (ahaay f Magan teres)

Image: Gaze upon the magnificence of El Diablo Verde!
{Quien es mas macho? He is a figure to make chicas swoon and
caballeros gnash their teeth in impotent envy! Watch ashe soars
from the top tumbuckle to descend like la aguila upon his
hapless opponent! Cringe as his 25-inch biceps immobilize his
foe, like laanacondacrushingan unwary peccary! Buttake heart,
for though lamascara verde isa thing of terror, only rudos, villains
and other miscreants need fear the wrath of El Diablo Verde!

Roleplaying Hints: You are a mighty champion and a
hero to La Raza. As such, the craven ways of your new
"people" mean little to you. Camarilla, Sabbat — what are
these petty struggles beside the glory of conquest in the
squared circle? Were there any cojones among the Damned,
the masters of the Jyhad would settle their differences like
men, in a barbed-wire battle royal death match, instead of
cowering in their crypts like niffitas! As a nominal subject of
the Camarilla, you make the barest show of observing the
Traditions when you pass into the sect's demenses — but the
prince who seeks to hinder you, or who feeds on Los Hijos del
Diablo, will find himself on the receiving end of a Helldriver
before he can take the 10-count DQ, comprende?

Clan: Nosferatu
Sire: El Tibur6n
Nature: Competitor

ArrmaLa Razal
Forgive us.
We had to.

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1993

Apparent Age: early 20s, when distinguishable

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0 (3 in
mask)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Expres-
sion 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 1, Melee 4, Performance (getting pops) 4,
Stealth 1

Knowledges: Finance 1, Linguistics (English) 1, Medicine 1,
Occult 1, Politics 1, Wrestling Lore 4

Disciplines: Celerity 5, Fortitude 5, Potence 5, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Fame 4, Herd 4, Retainers 5, Re-
sources 5, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 10

CALVIN CLEAVER, GANGREL ENFORCER ON
THE West Coast

Background: Ifeveryone could just get along, nobody'd
have to get hurt. Calvin lived that motto while growing up
and going through school in Los Angeles. He avoided con-
flict by lying low and refraining from activism. Of course, that
didn't prevent Calvin from getting drafted into the armed
forces when the conflict in Vietnam escalated. Rammed
through infantry training, he left for the hellish jungles in
1969.

Calvin had never wanted to be a military man; he
quickly left the service after his tour of duty ended. Back
home, ina country that reviled him for his unwilling partici-
pation in the warfare, Calvin did what he'd always done: he
sunk into obscurity and tried to blend into society again. He
took a job with the local police department as a detective.
Although he was unexceptional as an investigator, he sur-
vived and prospered. His work on the LAPD, in the home
he'd returned to, gave him some satisfaction; he helped to
solve problems and prevent conflicts.

Tracking down what he thought wasa cult, Calvin found
asmall band of white supremacists and neo-nazis ina fortified
retreat outside Los Angeles. His investigation went sour
when he arrived at their headquarters; his partner was shot
and he was pinned down by gunfire while trying to enter the
building. Crawling from cover point to cover point, Calvin
managed to shoot three assailants and disarm another one in
close combat.

Then he met the monster who commanded the group.
Gunnar, an aged Scandinavian Gangrel, used the trappings
of Norse myth to lead the band of dull-witted punks into

«believing he was a reincarnated Aryan god. Gunnar had no

Garter Two

B

greater political or hate-crime agenda; he merely sought
blood. Impressed by the policeman's careful dispatching of
his warband, the Gangrel Embraced the struggling and hor-
rified Calvin, then disappeared into the night to find a new
coven of gullible mortals.

Abandoned, as with many Gangrel, Calvin had to learn
the difficult lessons of vampiric survival on his own. He tore
into the bodies of his attackers, drained them of blood, then
staggered away from the site and tried to comprehend what he
had become. During the day, he sought shelter in an aban-
doned railroad car where he slowly realized the full extent of
his changes. Thinking himself perhaps unique, he traveled
eastward to find some semblance of order in his new unlife.

After Calvin reached Tennessee in 1986, he was noticed
by another roving Gangrel. Roughly initiated at last into his
clan and into vampiric society, he discovered the Camarilla
and learned more of his limitations and capabilities. The idea
ofanation ofhidden vampires, negotiating their disputes and
hiding from prying eyes, meshed well with his own philoso-
phies of existence, and he quickly gained a reputation as a
staunch supporter of the Masquerade. His diplomatic ten-
dencies, combined with his formidable combat training and
his Gangrel predilection for traveling, made him a desirable
envoy and enforcer.

With continued Sabbat pressure against the Camarilla
on the East Coast, Calvin was once again drafted into service,
this time in a more delicate capacity. Although the anarch
free state had long been a "dumping ground" for politically
volatile Kindred, it remained a buffer between parts of the
Camarilla and the Sabbat. It also boasted several prosperous
cities and some impressively determined Cainites. Calvin
and a half-dozen other agents were dispatched to the West
Goast, there to keep an eye on the anarchs, uphold the

Masquerade and make sure that the free state did not become
more of a problem for the Camarilla.

Diplomacy, with the aid of Calvin's more silver-tongued
coterie companions, kept many of the anarchs quiescent;
enforcement served to discipline the most rash and bellicose.
Fora full decade, Calvin roamed the coastline, unappreciated
bya Camarilla unwilling to admit to the political expedience
of the free state. The seizure of San Diego by Tara provided
Calvin with a stable base of operations and new recruits to
replace his fallen comrades. Even the wholesale exodus of the
Gangrel from the Camarilla did notdeter him; Calvin was too
dedicated to his vision of the Camarilla's purpose and to the
enforcement of its ideals to be compromised. He needed help,
though — many anarch gangs reported run-ins with well-
informed hunters or even strange vampires with unknown
powers. Other anarchs have disappeared completely. Calvin
himself remained unsure of the cause until he met one of
these "Cathayans," and despite his best peaceful intentions,
he barely survived the fight — and was still vomiting gouts of
black, useless vitae for two nights afterward. A desperate cry
for assistance has gone unnoticed by a Camarilla reeling from
Sabbat strikes on the East Coast. Now, Calvin is on his own,
with only the assistance of a small group of neonates that is
slowly being picked apart and pulled down by the Asian
vampires' onslaught.

Image: Just over six feet tall and gangly, Calvin has
surprising strength for his lean frame. His hair is dark and cut
short; his brown eyes constantly flit from side to side. Calvin
has a tendency to slouch, concealing his true height and
build. He typically dresses in heavy shoes, baggy pants and
sturdy button-up shirts — almost like a walking L.L. Bean
catalog of used clothing. He has long, catlike whiskers and
callused pads on the balls of his hands and feet, the results of
too many skirmshes lost to the Beast.

Roleplaying Hints: You dislike fighting and discord.
Despite your peaceful nature, though, you are terrifying in a
conflict. You are normally soft-spoken and not particularly
forceful or charismatic; you leave that to others. Instead, you
are an idealist, one who motivates others by example. Youare
confused and frustrated by the Camarilla's unwillingness to
send aid against the Cathayans — and by the Cathayans'
unremitting hostility. When something threatens you or
your coterie, you act quickly and decisively. At other times,
you are quiet, unassuming and gentle. You are beginning to
realize that the cover-up of the Antediluvians wasn't the
Camarilla's only big lie, though, and doubt is beginning to eat
up your concern for duty. Still, you are committed to peaceful
solutions, and you want to do your best to ensure that
everyone can get along peaceably even in anarch territory. If
a few of the most outspoken have to go — well, it's all for the
best, really.

Clan: Gangrel
Sire: Gunnar
Nature: Visionary

Ceapren oF tHe Nicut

4

Demeanor: Autist

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1977

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Expression 4, Intimi-
dation 2, Leadership 1, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 2,
Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 1, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguis-
tics (Vietnamese) 1, Occult 1, Politics 1

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 1, Fortitude 2, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 2, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 5

CEsar HOLFieLp, CHILDE OF THE FINAL
NIGHTS

Background: As the second of three brothers, César had
a hard time maintaining the attention of his parents. His
older brother broke all the rules and received all of their ire.
His younger brother got the grades and received all of their
praise. César had neither to offer his family. With nocriminal

record and average grades, he was the invisible middle son.

César sought companionship with his schoolmates, but
they usually bored him. Nothing they liked — sports, aca-
demics, video games, even girls — seemed to hold much
interest for him. Most of his peers considered him "odd" at the
least, when they considered him at all. Once again, César
found himself to be invisible in a sea of people.

High school led to college, but little changed for César
Holfield. His studies bored him more than before, perhaps, and his
attendance showed his lack of interest. César slept late, missed
classes, failed tests, and none of it really mattered much to him. No
one really seemed to notice athome. It took his parents six months
to discover he had dropped out of school altogether.

Atleast life on the street seemed to hold some appeal for
César. The act of surviving kept him busy, but entry-level
accounting put him to sleep. César abandoned his entire life.
Helefta message on his parent's answering machine, explain-
ing that he would be "out for a little while."

Deep in thought about nothing and looking for someone
to commiserate with, César struck up a conversation with a
young woman. Her name was Jocelyn, and she would talk to
himas longs he was buying. With what little money he had
remaining, César bought her a drink and they talked for a
little while. Eventually, she invited him to her place, a small
apartment near the bar. Once there, she revealed her true
motives, began kissing his neck — what a strange birthmark,
she said — and ran her fingers through his hair. She wanted

more cash if he wanted to spend some "quality time" with her.
He had nothing left to give, so she promptly ushered him into
the hall outside.

Penniless and miserable, César returned to the park he
had come to think of asahome. He watched the leavesscatter
along the sidewalk and tried to stay warm. When a shadow
passed over him, he thought the end had finally come in the
form of a mugger or psycho. A fierce pain struck his neck, and
he felthis life drain away only to be replaced by new life down
his throat. As suddenly as it had begun, the attack was over
and Césaronce again simply shivered in the dark and watched
the leaves scatter on the wind.

The next morning César sought shelter in a nearby
warehouse. He could no longer stand the rays of the sun. His
appetite for food had been replaced by a thirst for blood, but
with surprisingly little passion. César realized the attack had
changed him into a vampire, and immortality held as little
appeal to César as mortality once had.

Another major change came over César that winter
night. For the first time, it seemed, his peer group could pick
him out of the crowd. Jocelyn found him again the following
week, only this time her reaction was very different. She was
stunned to see what had become of him. She explained that
she'd planned to feeding from him but felt sorry for him in the
end. Then she explained to him some of the basic rules and
details of vampiric society.

Jocelyn thought she had made a friend in César, but the
following night he disappeared. She began searching for him
with little more than a first name and a physical description —
his most distinguishing characteristic being a crescent-moon-
shaped birthmark at the nape of hisneck. No one, of course, had
seen him. She continued her search, eventually contacting
other Kindred and again passing on his description.


The Tremere have long studied the prophecies of Caine
held within the pages of the Book of Nod. When word got to
them of a vampire bearing a crescent-moon-shaped birth-
mark, their collective hearts nearly started working again.
Certain passages speak of such a birthmark portending disas-
ter in relation to Gehenna. Without hesitation, the Inner
Circle was notified and every conclave received a warning to
search for a vampire with this mark.

César remains oblivious to the entire stir he has caused.
He tries to avoid other vampires, not so much preferring his
own company as shunning anyone else's. He finds most
"Kindred" to be anything but. Their endless plots and secret
agendas are all just too convoluted and a bit pointless for his
taste. As such, he has avoided the Tremere dragnet for the
time being. César simply continues to wander from city to
city, in search of a bit of conversation here and vitae there.

Image: César stands with his shoulders despondently
slumped. His tattered brown trenchcoat hangs limply over
his skinny frame. Unshaven and unkempt, he exists on the
streets, his natural good looks and boyish smile obscured. In
his rare social moments, César is always distant and often
makes obscure references.

Roleplaying Hints: Immortal unlife? Can it get any
worse, really? You could get stuck in a room full of Toreador
and Venture discussing clan politics or some similar non-
sense, but there's not much chance of your being invited to
one of those meetings anytime soon. There must be some-
thing more than just waking, drinking and sleeping, doesn't
there? For the love of God, doesn't there? If there isn't...
Clan: Caitiff
Sire: Unknown
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Generation: 15th
Embrace: 1996
Apparent Age: late teens
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy
2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Performance 1, Stealth 4, Sur-
vival 3
Knowledges: Academics 2, Computer I, Medicine 1, Politics
2, Science 2
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Obsfuscate 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 1
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 7
Willpower: 3

KYOKO SHINSEGAWA, THE SCOURGE

Background: One of the gaijin took an interest in Kyoko
from the moment he saw her, and it proved her ultimate
damnation.

A visiting envoy to the Bishamon uji, Friedrich Kreizer
represented Clan Tremere in a doomed attempt to establish
a chantry in Kyoto, Japan. For decades, the Warlocks had
held a fascination with the feng shui magic possessed by the
geomancers of the Kuei-jin. Claiming to be an expert on
"matters of the cultures Oriental," Kreizer negotiated a dip-
lomatic commission with the mysterious Kindred of the East.

Astruth revealed, however, Kreizer had little knowledge of
the ways of the Kuei-jin. His true intentions remain a mystery
—was he ignorantand overconfident, or did he simply seek an
escape from the intriguesof Vienna? Whatever the case, Kreizer
met young Kyoko at a traveler's hostel in a Japanese fishing
village shortly after he arrived in Kyoto. Her beauty, exotic as
it was to the traveling European, captivated him, and the last
pages of his journals suggest that she ignited "mortal passions
long unknown to [his] dead heart."

Kreizer's ignorance of Kuei-jin custom led to his inevi-
table demise, and a detachment of assassins attacked him
before he had a chance to make a disastrous introduction. As
he staggered back to the hostel from the fishing pier where his
assailants had done their deed, he fought off the ravages of
hunger frenzy just long enough...

.+-to lose control at the sight of Kyoko putting out his
evening meal. She thought it strange that this pale-skinned
guest never ate his rice and prawns, but she brought them
each night as was her duty. On that last fateful night,
however, the guest lurched into his room, spattered in blood
with tatters of flesh dangling from his body, and fell upon her.

Kyoko felt her vision dim and her extremities grow cold
as the monster tore open her body and gorged himself on her
hot blood. She fought back desperately, but the monster was
too strong for her even its weakened state. In one final, willful
act, however, she managed to drive a wooden spoon through
the creature's heart before blacking out.

Kyoko awoke minutes later to the sound of her father
screaming. She found her face covered with her own blood and
that of the creature that lay paralyzed on the straw tick beside
her. With a speed fueled by terror, Kyoko fetched her father's
grain flail from the stockroom and struck the creature's head
from its body, whereupon the demon crumbled to greasy ash.

Defiled by the monster, Kyoko fled into the night,
leaving behind every shred of safety and security she had
known. She had heard of the Demon People before, though,
and she had learned from an itinerant sorcerer how to contact
them. She walked into the forest, knelt by the river and sang,
scattering a handful of spices on the water's surface.

Before long, the Scaled Monk joined herby the riverbank
and told her what she had become.

Chivoren oF THE Nice

16


"You are now the daughter of the Devil," he told her.
"You will bring only misfortune with you and leave only
tragedy in your wake."

"But what can I do, Scaled Monk?" Kyoko cried. "Shall
[end this new life?"

"No," the monk replied. "That is not your choice to
make. What you must do, flower of the blood-waters, is travel
to the lands of the demons who made you. Whether to the
west or the east, you must flee, and while there, slake your
thirst on the life of the devil-kings."

AndsoKyokofled, bookingmidnight passage onashipheaded
to San Francisco with money stolen from the village's coffers.

Since arriving on the shores of America, Kyoko has
learned English and German (which she recognized from the
monster's private journal), and she has aligned herself with a
small cabal of Tremere (knowledge of which she also gleaned
from Kreizer's diary). She can barely bring herself to practice
the corrupt magic of the westerners, however, and she has
chosen a route in line with the Scaled Monk's words instead:
Kyoko has become the Scourge of San Francisco, under
appointment by Prince Vannevar Thomas.

Kyoko knows that she works for the same devils who
made her, yet she fulfills her destiny in the only way she can
— by destroying those weak enough to fall before her sword
and flail. A recent influx of Asian Kuei-jin has sether longing
for the past that was so brutally taken from her, but she knows
the Demon People of her old home would not hesitate to
strike her down. And so, Kyoko faces a nightly unlife of

struggle; she has become the rock upon which petty anarchs
and thin-blooded Kindred alike break themselves in their
flight from the Kuei-jin in the south.

Image: Kyoko fits whatever partshe is required to play to
get close to her intended victim. By no means a master of
disguise, she relieson heranonymity and the ignorance ofher

victim to enable her to play her new role. On the rare
occasion when she socializes in her true identity, she displays
a distinct lack of personal initiative. Her clothing and hair-
styles match the latest covers of fashion magazines with no
individual modification.

Roleplaying Hints: You are efficientand single-minded
when "on the job," dedicated to the pursuit of your quarry. In
your personal time, however, you are shiftless and scared —
the Embrace forever froze you in the latter stages of your
youth, and you are still a young girl in many ways. You allow
no one to see this vulnerability, however, as to do so would
allow: them power over you. Instead, your public manner
becomes more and more brusque as you force the killer in you
(the side that protects you and validates your existence) to
rise to prominence. After the salons and prowls, though, you
regress more and more each night.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Friedrich Kreizer

Nature: Sadist/ Child

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1897

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Interro-
gation 2, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3, Style 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Melee
4, Security 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2, Vamp 1

Knowledges: Academics 1, Computer 1, Investigation 3,
Linguistics 2 (English, German), Occult 1

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 1, Fortitude 2,
Thaumaturgy 1

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 1

Backgrounds: Conta
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 4

Derangements: Multiple personalities (resulting in split
Nature)

Willpower: 4

2, Resources 3, Status 2



The night does not necessarily belong to either of the

two major sects of vampires. Indeed, in these desperate,
modern nights many vampires choose to eschew the petty
politics of sects and make their own destinies. As many elders
have said, little matters besides the Blood itself; everything
else is affectation.

The wise vampire, however, harbors no misconception
about the Kindred. Each vampire is a predator and monster
above all else. Even ones whoally themselves with sects need
nourishment. Why waste the nights with lesser concerns,
reason the independents? Why serve the agendas of others?
As the Final Nights fall upon the vampires — as ever more
prophecies reveal themselves and point toward Gehenna —
many wonder exactly what role these unaligned Kindred may
play and whose will they serve.

And so the Jyhad continues ever onward.

BRuUNHILDE, LEADER OF THE WAELKYRIGE
Background: Brunhilde's mortal life is little more than
a fragment of a memory now. She never knew her sire but
remembers those early nights after her Embrace as she roamed
the wilderness in search of sustenance. Eventually, she found
others of her kind, and the fierce Gangrel taught her about
what she had become. The group of female Gangrel she found
believed there were Valkyries, the warrior-women of Norse
legend. They saw themselvesas the unliving extension of the
Nordic myths, and they took it upon themselves to act
accordingly. Brunhilde saw herself as a legend reborn.
Brunhilde spent several centuries fulfilling her self-
appointedstation. The Valkyriesswept down onto battlefields

to decide the fates of brave warriors. Believing themselves
guided by the will of Odin, they sent the valiant to Valhalla
by the score. The Valkyries kept a relative peace with the
other Gangrel who existed among the Viking warriors, and
for many years no force in Europe could stop the ravaging
hordes.

The coming of Christianity brought great change.
Ventrue and Toreador lords from England and Germany
eventually conquered the Vikings. While the other Gangrel

Charmer THREE

719

adapted, the Valkyries fought back. Striking from their forest
havens, the Valkyries fought to keep the Scandinavian
countries wild and barbaric. The Ventrue, Toreador, and
even the Brujah finally hunted them down one by one.
Valkyries who did not meet Final Death hid or fell into deep
torpor.

Brunhilde voluntarily went into such a torpor after 200
years on the run, only to be roused by the bloodshed of World
War I. Whereas many of Europe's Kindred were engaged in
the war, she set about to find the Valkyries who remained.
She regrouped the handful of Valkyries left under her leader-
ship, and again set about retaking the land that was once
theirs. They saw the culture and civility of the modern world
as an affront to their beliefs. Brunhilde longed for the nights
of bloodshed and paganism.

Inthe decades since World War II, anarch activity in the
Scandinavian countries has increased dramatically. The Kin-
dred leadership of the region denies any problems but is, in
reality, complacent and ineffectual. Brunhilde and her
Valkyries encouraged the anarch unrest at every turn. She
saw the anarchs asa means to help her topple the Ventrueand
Toreador who had invaded her land centuries ago.

Brunhilde apparently won't settle with merely usurping
the Kindred of Scandinavia. The sketchy description of the
unknown assassin who took the life of Swedish Prime Minis-
ter Olof Palme in 1986 could easily fit the implacable Gangrel.
If she was the assassin, it is unknown what she might have
gained from such a move, except unnerving the Kindred of
the region. Secretly, the princes of the Scandinavian coun-
tries are worried, and for good reason. Brunhilde, and the
Valkyries, are not going to stop until Scandinavia is the harsh
and barbaric land they remember.

Image: Brunhilde is a tall, slender Nordic woman with
an athletic build, blond hair, pale skin and ice-blue eyes. She
is coldly beautiful ina feral way. As with many Gangrel of her
age, she has acquired several animalistic features. The shape
ofher eyes, her permanently clawlike fingernailsand her light
covering of pale fur make her resemble the wolves native to
the region. She generally dresses in punk attire, with ripped
jeans and a leather jacket.

Roleplaying Hints: You believe that you are a legend
incarnate. You see yourself as fulfilling the will of Odin. The
thin-skinned Ventrue have taken over your country and
turned the once-fierce Nordic warriors into mortal cattle.
The Valkyries were decimated because they did not see the
coming threats. You and your new followers, however, will
not fall victim to a lack of foresight again. You do not try to
hide your rage at whathas become of your beloved region, and
you fight back at all costs to restore its lost savagery.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Unknown
Nature: Competitor
Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 150 B.C.

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 7, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 5

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Drive 4, Firearms 2, Melee 6, Ride 4,
Stealth 2, Survival 4

Knowledges: Linguistics (German, English) 2, Medicine 2,
Occult 3, Politics 2

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4, Potence 2,
Presence 4, Protean 5

Backgrounds: Fame 1, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 3

Derangements: Gluttony, Megalomania, Paranoia
Willpower: 9

FATIMA AL-FAQADI, THE HAND OF
VENGEANCE

Background: Fatima al-Faqadi was born into a family of
devoted Almohad Moorish warriors. When the barbaric
Christians invaded her homeland, she struck back any way
she could. First, she assassinated drunken knights in the guise
of a young camp girl. Later, as the First Crusade drew to a
close, she fought openly alongside the defenders of Allah,

Herpassion and skill drew the attention of the Assamites.
After much debate, the clan agreed to break its ages-old
precept of not Embracing women and brought her to Alamut.
There, she trained to become the ultimate assassin.

A devout Muslim, she fought against the invaders in the
subsequent Crusades. Eventually, she helped regain her
people's holy lands. It was upon those battlefields she met the
vampire who would influence much of her destiny: the
Lasombra Lucita. Fatima and Lucita fought a night-long
battle that left them both severely wounded and huddling
together in a shallow cave to avoid the coming dawn. Out of
respect for the only worthy opponent she had ever faced,
Fatima spared Lucita as a matter of honor. The two became
friends and eventually lovers.

As the Crusades came to a close, Lucita returned to
Europe. Through the years, the Assamite's goals have con-
flicted with the Lasombra's, and Fatima and Lucita have
fought on both the same and opposite sides of various con-
flicts. They have also worked together, namely when the
Lasombraset about destroying their own elders in the Anarch
Revolt. Their relationship has become a torrid love/ hate
affair that always stops short of sending them both to Final
Death. Fatima has appeared from nowhere just in time to save
Lucita on several occasions.

Ceauren oF THE NicHt

80

The Assamite elders once gave Fatima a contract for the
assassination of Lucita. Torn by mixed loyalties, she vowed to
fulfill her duty to her clan. Fatima leaked news of the contract
to Lucita through various mortal agents, however; when
Fatima showed up, Lucita was ready and sent the Assamite
into torpor. Upon awakening, she reported her failure to
Alamut. It is the only contract Fatima has ever failed to
complete.

Throughout the centuries, Fatima has become one of the
Assamites' star operatives. She has killed numerous elders,
troublemakers and even entire Sabbat packs.

Fatima is fanatical in her support of the Assamite cause.
She goes to any lengths to fulfill a contract or impress a clan
elder, and her work has not gone unnoticed. After the lifting
of the clan's curse, Fatima has taken every opportunity to
commit diablerie. Her power has increased greatly, and she
now stands as one of the Assamites' most powerful members.
Her challenges of her clanmates suggest that she wants to
become the clan's first female caliph, which the conservative
Assassins are unlikely to permit.

Image: With her lush form and large, almond-shaped
eyes, Fatima is the definition of beauty. A graceful five feet,
six inches in height, she possesses a lean, muscular build and
the dusky complexion ubiquitous among herclan. She adapts
her looks and clothing as required by the current contract she
is pursuing. When left to her own devices, she dresses in
traditional Arab garb and carries an ancient damascene
scimitar.

Roleplaying Hints: The world sees you as a heartless
killer; make the most of it. Change your demeanor to fit the
current situation, and to get close to your victim. Inside, you
are a deeply obsessive creature. Your love for Lucita, your
Muslim faith and your belief in your clan sometimes vie for

your loyalties and attentions. Inner turmoil drives you, but
you use it as a fuel instead of letting it paralyze you. Always
remember that the goals of the Assamite clan are ultimately
the most important and must be accomplished at all costs.
Clan: Assamite

Sire: Thetmes

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1102

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acrobatics 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 5,
Dodge 3, Leadership 1, Masquerade 3, Streetwise 2, Subter-
fuge 4

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 5, Performance
3, Repair 1, Ride 2, Security 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Vamp
3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Camarilla Lore 2, Clan Knowl-
edge (Assamite) 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics (a plethora) 5,
Medicine 3, Occult 2, Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 3, Science 1
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 4, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 4,
Potence 3, Quietus 5

Backgrounds: Alternate Identity 3, Contacts 4, Resources 4,
Status 2

Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Morality: Path of Blood 7

Willpower: 6

MARCIANA GIOVANNI, INVESTIGATOR TO THE
CAMARILLA

Background: Marciana is commonly perceived as the
one Giovanni who has crossed the lines of her clan's famed
neutrality and decided to actively support certain Camarilla
efforts. Her knowledge of Necromancy and excellent inves-
tigatory and forensic medicine skills make her an invaluable
free agent. Stroking her cat, she glides into a room, slides the
facts into place and names the culprit of a crime. Her
efficiency is only increased by the fact that she can speak with
deceased victims.

Marciana enjoyed all the privileges of wealth as a girl
born into one of the wealthiest families in Venice. She
entered the Venetian social whirl without giving a second
thought to the strange things that happened in her family and
home, including the occasional visits by the mysterious
figures referred to as "uncles." Her illusions were shattered
when, on her 19th birthday, her father took her to the family
mausoleum. Waiting there for her were seven robed and
hooded figures. The stone doors of the crypt closed behind
her. When they opened again, the flighty girl was gone and
aserious woman emerged. Constantly tested and trained, she

Carrer THRee

81

was immersed in the family business to see if she might be
worthy of the curse of immortality.

The beautiful, intense woman who had escaped her
studies by dancing in the plazas quickly put frivolous pursuits
behind her as she delved into the dark secrets of the dead and
the darker secrets of international finance with equal devo-
tion. Happy with her progress, her undead patrons decided
that she would be given the kiss of undeath.

Marciana's destiny as just another neonate within the
ranks of the Giovanni changed when circumstances revealed
her hidden talents. Ona visit to see a contact involved in the
heroin trade, she arrived to find him dead in his office.
Scrawled on the wall in the man's own blood wasa letter "G"
circled, with a slash across it. The clan's upper echelons gave
the job of investigating the crime to Marciana. Using her
skills in Necromancy, she called the man's spirit from the
beyond and, with its help, discovered the identity of the
murderer, a rogue Toreador competitor in the drug trade.

Using her own natural talent at investigation, Marciana
tracked the Kindred to his lairand arranged fora few members
of the family to pay the hapless Cainite a visit. Her eyes
glittered in the darknessas she watched the vengeful Giovanni
descend upon the foolish Toreador and destroy him.

After this incident, Marciana's superiors realized that
she might be very useful as an investigator. Encouraged to
train in forensic medicine, investigation and law, her vampiric
abilities allowed these skills to develop rapidly. Soon, the
Giovanni offered her services to the Camarilla as an investi-
gator for hire.

Marciana's abilities to speak with the dead, coupled with
her razor sharp investigative mind, have produced results in
investigations that stymied even the powerful justicars and
archons. Her reputation is such that even the most exalted
within the Camarilla come to her. When Alastor Cambridge

was killed, his sire went directly to Marciana to uncover the
culprit.

Marciana would be higher on the Sabbat hit list, but she
has managed to avoid the limelight. Vampires who do know
of her understand that she is the best investigator within the
sphere of the undead.

Marciana does not charge for her services, but in the
time-honored tradition of the Giovanni clan simply requests
that, at a future date, her employer grant her a favor. Such
favors vary in scope depending on the complexity or difficulty
of the case. Through her services, Marciana has builta web of
contacts and resources that rival ones of any other active
Kindred. Marciana asks her clients to keep her requests secret
as a part of her fee; thus, the Camarilla is unaware of the
extent of her network. If the Inner Council were ever to
realize that each of its members owes Marciana a boon, and
that atany time she could call in these favors simultaneously,
it might see cause to take action and remove her. Marciana's
network of favors reaches from these heights to neonate
coteries in various cities, vampires whom she sometimes uses
to do legwork and other minor t

Marciana herself is intensely loyal to her family and its
cause, but to reassure her clients, she claims no affiliation
with it. This ploy has been so successful that many Kindred
believe she is hiding from her family, and they keep her
secrets to prevent her destruction by the Giovanni and the
loss of a valuable resource.

Image: Marciana has unremarkable looks fora woman in
her 40s, with graying hair tied in a bun and a pair of cosmetic
glasses perched on an aquiline nose. She dresses in elegantly
cut Italian wool and silk business suits, and she often wears a
decorative brooch. She always has a cat with her. Many
people have noticed that it is always a different cat, changing
every night. No one is quite certain what happens to these
animals, though Marciana always seems to treat them with
affection.

Roleplaying Hints: You affect a demeanor like a gentle
aunt, very genial and kind, but there is definitely a steel fist
inside your velvet glove. When working on a case, you
become a paragon of single-minded obsession, but you cover
it up with a genteel surface.

Clan: Giovanni

Sire: Almodo Giovanni

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1924

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Coupee oF THE Nick

82


Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Intimidation 2,
Intuition 4, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Security 3, Stealth 3,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 4, Bureaucracy 2, Enigmas 4, Fi-
nance 3, Investigation 5, Law 5, Medicine (forensic) 4,
Occult 4, Politics 3, Science 4

Disciplines: Dominate 4, Necromancy 3, Presence 2
Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path 3, Ash Path 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 5, Influence 4, Resources 4,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 6

AMBROGINO GIOVANNI

Background: A bastard son to both the mortal Giovanni
family and to Clan Giovanni, Ambrogino propelled himself
tothe highest echelons of Necromancer prominence through
ruthlessness and ambition. His determination made him an
accomplished necromancer even before his Embrace. This
same quality led him to seek the seers of the afterlife through
whom he foresaw himself ascending to godhead.

Driven by this revelation, Ambrogino has dedicated
more than 300 years to the pursuit of the Sargon Fragment —
an artifact that reveals the Antediluvian Cappadocius' plans
todiablerize God and thus become God. Although Ambrogino
scoffs at the idea of literally slaying an aspect of the Holy
Trinity, he does believe that Cappadocius was close to
reaching a source of godlike powers just before he was de-
stroyed.

Since 1666, Ambrogino has raced against a group of
Camarilla-sponsored Kindred to find the Sargon Fragment.
This fanatical pursuit resulted in the Fire of London and the
violation of a standing truce between the Giovanni and the
Camarilla. Over the centuries, Ambrogino's recklessness
gained him ground over his rivals, and in 1882 he acquired
The Anexhexeton — an artifact that provides the divine
wisdom required to fathom the path to apotheosis. With his
new trophy in hand, he retreated to the Mausoleum, the
clan's Venetian stronghold.

For the next century, Ambrogino kept a remarkably low
profile. Like a gambler sensing that he had pushed his luck too
far, he became convinced that his crusade had finally drawn
the attention of Clan Giovanni's founder, Augustus. While
Augustus always gave Ambrogino remarkably free reign, the
Antediluvian would have destroyed him instantly had he
discovered Ambrogino's true ambitions.

Even during this quiet time, Ambrogino was not idle. In
spite of earlier hopes to the contrary, evidence now indicated
that the Sargon Fragment had been destroyed in the London
fire. Still driven by his vision from the wraithly Oracles, he
began searching for the Fragment in the Land of the Dead —

for the Giovanni know that sometimes the ghosts of things,
and not just people, "exist" beyond the Shroud.

For decades, Ambrogino conducted a meticulous search
of the Underworld. It was a slow and tedious business —
interviewing spirits and sending agents across the Shroud.
Then, in the summer of 1999, things changed dramatically.

Ambrogino was in the Mausoleum scrying a particularly
dangerous region known as the Sea of Shadows, when sud-
denly the sea became a tsunami. There was a flash, a surge,
and all at once, the Mausoleum's mystical alarms sounded
ferociously. A frantic inspection revealed that not only were
all of the spirit snares filled with shrieking souls, but some
unfortunate ghosts had embedded themselves throughout
the structure of the building. They were thrown into chairs
and walls. They had buried themselves in powerful artifacts.
Some frantic spirits had even tried to hide themselves within
several members of the clan.

Opening a new window to the Underworld revealed a
nightmare in motion. Wraiths —and the ruptured remnants
of wraiths — blasted about like desert sand. Spirits jetted by,
groping for a foothold, seeking any shelter from the storm.
Then, caught up in the vicious currents, they would vanish.

Ambrogino was aware that such storms occasionally
raged across the Underworld, but in a millennium he had
never seen one this ferocious. Not liking what the turn of
events did to his plans, he canvassed the pathetic remnants
of souls trapped in the Mausoleum. The torn and shuddering
husks communicated little, and what they did say was mostly
gibberish. Over time, however, Ambrogino noticed a com-
mon theme in their ramblings, and he soon wondered if there
was not great opportunity in the madness.

Cuaprer Taree

83

He learned that the storm had begun witha blinding and
all-encompassing light, followed by a brief moment of quite
and calm. In that moment, three radiant, glowing shapes
arose "skyward" and paused as if taking stock of creation. For
the beat of a living heart, all was still. All eyes were fixed on
the three expectantly, as if in wait for the coming of utter
splendor or absolute devastation. And then they were gone.
An unbelievably thunderous blast rolled out to meet the
witnesses — and the unlucky were consumed.

The description of the glowing figures captivated
Ambrogino. He asked again and again what they'd looked
like and where they had gone. When it seemed that there was
nothing more to learn, he ordered the captive spirits de-
stroyed, then retreated to the athenaeum to reflect.

A week later, Ambrogino made plans for his first ex-
tended journey ina century. When asked of his plans, he said
simply, "Perhaps Cappadocius was right all along."

Image: Ambrogino appears asa large and powerful man
in his middle 50s. He has graying shoulder-length hair and
gray eyes. Virtually no one alive, however, would match this
description to the man. Ambrogino hides his image behind
his powers of Obfuscate and generally appears to be a younger
and less imposing version of himself. No matter what visage
he takes, his left hand is always seen as a gray and withered
claw — the price he pays for the power to control his deadly
magic.

Roleplaying Hints: You are focused and confident. You
have spenta millennium patiently working to gain the power
ofdivinity. Younever doubted it would come because youcan
see the future — or parts of it, at least. The fact that you were
unprepared for the cataclysm in the Underworld concerns
you quite a bit. You have a feeling that your next journey will
either propel you into the greatness you've always foreseen or
bring you to some ironic and unimagined doom.

Clan: Giovanni

Sire: Lady Constancia

Nature: Conniver

isionary

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 1045

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy
3, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 5, Performance 5, Ride
4, Security 4, Stealth 5, Survival 5

Knowledges: Academics 5, Bureaucracy 5, Finance 5, Inves-
tigation 5, Law 4, Linguistics (a multitude) 5, Literature 2,
Occult 8, Politics 5

Demeanor:

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Dominate 5, Fortitude 4,
Mortis 4, Necromancy 8, Obfuscate 4, Potence 6,

Presence 4, Thanatosis 1, Thaumaturgy 7

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 5, Spirit Thaumaturgy 5
Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path 5, Bone Path 5, Ash
Path 5, Mortuus Path 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 5, Influence 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conviction 5, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Path of the Bones 7

Willpower: 7

Merits/ Flaws: Iron Will

CALLIRUS, THE JACKDAW KING

Background: Callirus is without a doubt the most ac-
complished gorgio (non-Gypsy) of the Ravnos clan. His cons
and tricks are legion, and some of them so notable and
audacious that he is also the only non-Gypsy clan member
who would not be slain on sight by the purist Ravnos of
Europe. Besides, he was Embraced by one of the most noto-
rious Ravnos of centuries past, Magdra, who was himself fully
of Gypsy blood. Who would dispute Magdra's choice?

Callirus was a young Spanish man who grew into adult-
hood with nothing to show for himself but the cons that won
him food for the day — no family, no regular home, no
aspirations for the future. That changed one day when an
elaborate hoax meant to swindle a greedy merchant of a few
coins turned dangerous. Callirus found himself (disguised, of
course) ina richly ornamented coach, where he spoke witha
central European nobleman who talked so bluntly about
matters of blood and unlife that he was either deranged or a
vampire. Either way, Callirus knew his con — and more
importantly, his life — depended upon believing this man
was a vampire.

Artful even then as few others were at storytelling
(Callirus' word; others call it "deception" or "lying"), the
young Spaniard spun an amazing web of lies and innuendo.
The result: His con worked and he lived to tell about it.
However, this success emboldened Callirus. He was deter-
mined to know more about what this nobleman had referred
toas the "Kindred," so he worked for months to assemble the
proper papers and cultivate the essential contacts, then
launchedascam so ambitious that its eventual failure stunned
dozens of Kindred the revelation that a mortal had been in
their midst for over a year.

Fortunately, the Kindred who finally saw through Callirus'
game were Ravnos, and a respected elder of that time,
Magdra, thought the jest so entertaining, so utterly improb-
able, that he turned the lie into truth. Callirus, though, was
sent to England and away from the Gypsies, who at that time
composed the great majority of the Ravnos clan.

Callirus heeded this banishment, but only toa point. His
arrival in England marked the beginning three-and-a-half
centuries of elaborate deceptions that tonight involve un-

Crinpren oF THE Nicut

84

known scores of identities, most of which place him at the
center of international theft and smuggling rings, but some of
which are as upstanding citizens (though probably only to
pave the way for the criminal activities of his alter egos).
There is truly no telling where Callirus may turn up next, as
even the most astute recognize only a few of his guises,

Image: No easy answer exists for someone inquiring after
Callirus' appearance. He is invariably a handsome young
man, but beyond that it's impossible to say, for his looks vary
by the night and maybe even by the hour. Callirus, when not
in disguise, not affecting the mannerisms of another, not
cloaking himself in illusion or pretending to be what he isn't,
appears as a thin, clean-shaven man of seeming Latin ances-
try. The slight duskiness of his skin and his lustrously thick
but close-cropped black hair allow him to pass without
alteration as a Ravnos of Gypsy blood. His fingers are like
perpetual motion machines. They are long, slender, and
exquisitely dextrous — the envy of pianists. Small objects
anywhere around Callirus have a way of gravitating to his
hands, where rubber bands, toothpicks, paperclips and the
like are stretched and spun in a continuous and unconscious
display. Should one of Callirus' disguises ever fail, the cause
is sure to be this trademark habit.

Roleplaying Hints: There is a time for work, and there
isa time forplay. By thisrule you make your unlife; others who
understand this behavior can interact with you, for otherwise
you follow no predictable pattern. You may be all jokes and
fun with someone one night, yet the next expect them to get
down to business with you, no small talk allowed.

Clan: Ravnos
Sire: Magdra
Nature: Gallant

Carrer Turét

85

Demeanor: Critic
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1632
Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Fortune-
telling3, Leadership 5, Masquerade 5, Scrounging 4, Seduction
5, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Disguise 5, Drive 3, Firearms 4,
Performance 5, Sleight of Hand 6, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Enigmas 3, Linguistics (English,
French, German, Italian, Spanish, and a host of others) 5
Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 2, Chimerstry 5, Forti-
tude 5, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Influence 5, Resources 5
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 7

GHIVRAN DALAAL, THE Dead Gop

Background: Even before his Embrace, Ghivran wan-
dered India in search of hedonistic pleasures and vile pursuits.
As a mortal, his immorality combined with his charming
demeanor to win him many devotees. These followers gave
Ghivran anything they owned, succumbed to his every desire
and even surrendered their lives. Fascinated by death, he
often tortured his disciples in order to watch for the exact
moment when the soul left the body. Little more than slaves,
all who fell under his seductive spell could hope only that
death came quickly at the end.

Markus Kozier found Ghivran in a burned-out temple
near Delhi. Markus witnessed a ceremony wherein a young
boy was stripped of his clothing before numerous onlookers,
including the child's parents. Ghivran then skinned the child
with a carving knife and tossed bits of flesh to the crowd.
Markus became enraptured by the sheer abandonment of
humanity by both Ghivran and his flock and decided to
create an eternal companion from Ghivran to keep himself
enjuvenated throughout the Long Night.

Having experienced almost every pleasure and pain the
human body could know, Dalaal accepted Markus' offer
without hesitation. For one year, the two became close
companions, traveling through most of southern Asia. Wher-
ever they went, Ghivran would attract a body of followers
eager for his attentions, and Markus reveled in the debauch-
ery. That is, until Dalaal grew bored with his sire.

While Ghivran fed Markus' desire, Markus did nothing
in return. Ghivran found his sire to be a dullard with little
imagination and less charm. Boredom soon turned to resent-
ment and then to anger. Finally, Ghivran turned his special
attentions to the vampire who'd given him immortality.


Ghivran ordered his slaves to bind his sire and eat of his flesh.
They did so with no hesitation. When Markus screamed for
an end to the torment, Ghivran bit into his naked skull and
absorbed his sire's life force. He then slaughtered his followers
in a blood-crazed madness that seemed to be borne on the
blood of the Amaranth.

Ghivran has come to New Delhi. His thirst for pain
remains unsatisfied, and mortals no longer ease his addiction.
Dalaal has once again attracted a retinue of loyal slaves who
find victims for his unique taste in entertainment. Now,
however, the entertainment consists of other vampires who
unhappily find themselves caught in the Dead Gods web.

Image: Ghivran Dalaal retains his handsome mortal
features. The pallor of death has not overcome his dark skin,
but instead highlights his pronounced facial features and
green eyes. Dalaal adorns himself with many piercings that
change on a daily basis. As each wound heals during the day,
his followers pierce his body with varying patterns of jewelry.
Ghivran often lies within his temple completely naked,
pleasuring or torturing — to him there isno difference —one
or more of his servants.

Roleplaying Hints: To live by human morality is weak.
It is better to experience life and death in all its many forms
without restriction. Although you used to find human pain
and pleasure exciting, the torture of a vampire, as eternal
unlife hangs in the balance, is the only thing that satisfies you
now. Let no one stand in the way of your pleasure.

Clan: Ravnos

Sire: Markus Kozier
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Fanatic
Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1905

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Brawl 2, Empathy 4, Expression 3, Interrogation 3,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Performance 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 1, Law 2, Occult 2

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Chimerstry 2, Forti-
tude 3

Backgrounds: Fame 2, Herd 5, Resources 3, Retainers 4
Virtues: Conviction 0, Self-Control 1, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 2

Willpower: 4

Count ORMONDE

Background: Many maintain that the most formidable
heirs to the Curse of Caine often come from the unlikeliest
beginnings. Certainly Ormonde, once proud and errant childe
of Sutekh, is no exception.

Childe and sire first came upon one another in the muted
half-light of the marketplace, scant moments before the
Bordeaux dawn. He was unloadinga crude wooden table from
which he bartered his family's crops, as she was concluding an
ill-timed errand that necessitated her frantic flight from the
imminent morning. No words passed between them — only
a momentary exchange of glances before the noblewoman
hurried into a curtained carriage. It was the moment that
made everything else possible.

Jean-Michel carried out his day's duties and returned
that night to the farm, his three children and a wife, old
beyond her years already, whose belly was swollen with their
fourth; something, however, had changed inside him. Wher-
ever the farmer went, whatever distractions he attempted, he
could not dismiss from his head or heart the apparition he had
beheld in the shadowed square. Had it been love at first sight?
That special sorcery all women share? Or simply the persis-
tent regrets of a life not lived?

What the peasant did not —could not—know was that,
secreted away from light in an ornate, windowless chamber,
the dreams of Lady Clea Auguste d'Holford were similarly
haunted. She was well versed in the many snares and strate-
gies through which a man's heart might be won and wasted;
what was it about this one? An unbroken spirit? A game she
had not yet played to completion? Some quality she no longer
possessed?

No sooner had she resolved to make him hers than he
returned, searching the dusk-lit plaza for some sign of her
presence and bearing a pathetic bouquet of wildflowers in his
trembling hand. He left behind his fields, his family, his wife,
his will, and he never once looked back. And, though it took
years, far longer than the Lady d'Holford would ever have

Ceaupren oF THE NiciT

86

spent on any other mortal, he broke. Softened by a life of
excess and opulence, laden with baubles, finery and half a
dozen venereal diseases, the reprobate entered immortality
on his knees, his lifeblood seeping away with any trace of the
man Jean-Michel d'Ormonde had been.

Tonight, Ormonde ("Count Ormonde," he gently
stresses) lives a transient, solitary existence, flitting from city
to city in search of diversion and the Next Big Party. His sire,
full of disgust, discarded him like old trash not long after his
Embrace; he is frequently mistaken for a Toreador, Ventrue
or even Lasombra, and thus passes through Camarilla and
Sabbat territory unchallenged. The vice-strewn fin de siecle
has proved a veritable playground for his perverse passions;
his charm and good looks, along with a remarkable tendency
toward discretion over valor, have seen him through several
tight spots over the centuries.

Image: Ormonde is a slender man whose slight build
sometimes lends the illusion of height to his otherwise
unimpressive stature. In life, he was cheerfully handsome, a
low-born farm boy who had missed the turn to beauty by
inches, but his sire's cruel kiss has put all that behind him
forever. Jean-Michel's features are delicate, almost feminine,
at once studiously reserved and dangerously expressive. The
count sports a neatly trimmed goatee, wears his dark, lustrous
hair loose past his shoulders (sometimes gently gathered with
ribbon or tied up in elaborate marquis-style plaits, as best
befits the occasion) and keeps a stylish pair of tinted glasses
close at hand. Even in casual company, his raimentis striking
and carefully chosen for effect.

Roleplaying Hints: Everything that made you human
was stolen long ago; what remains is a perpetual pantomime
of going through the motions as you did in the market square
so many years ago. Although you once took delight in the
decadence and depravity of your brethren, everything has

Carrer Torte

87

started to merge into a kaleidoscopic whirl of blushing bar-
maids, callow compliments and petty pleasures. This makes
the ease with which you slip into the roles of old-world
aristocracy and "long-haired sensitive ponytail man" all the
more disturbing — youare still very good at what youdo. The
pageant would be perfect if only you could include yourself in
the deception. But that fagade has failed. Beneath the caked-
oncharmand veneer of savoir-faire, others have begun to pick
up an impression of cold, hungry voyeurism that overpowers
your angelic elegance and derring-do. Thus, you move from
circle to circle, constantly cycling through acquaintances
and amorous relations before anyone can glimpse your thinly
attempts to disguise the emptiness within.

Clan: Followers of Set

Sire: Lady Clea Auguste d'Holford

Nature: Bon Vivant

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1599

Apparent Age: mid-30s (although it can vary seven or eight
years in either direction through artful variation of cosmetic
applications and wardrobe)

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 4,
Expression 2, Fortune-telling 2, Intuition 3, Leadership 1,
Masquerade 5, Streetwise 2, Style 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Archery 1, Disguise 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms
2, Melee 2, Ride 2, Vamp 4

Knowledges: Academics 1, Bureaucracy 2, Camarilla Lore 2,
Clan Knowledge (Setites) 3, Computer 1, Finance 2, Inv
tigation 4, Law 2, Linguistics 4, Medicine 1, Occult 2, Politics
4, Psychology 3, Sabbat Lore 1

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 4, Presence 4,
Serpentis 3

Backgrounds: Resources 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 1
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 5

AL-ASHRAD, AMROFALAMUT

Background: All honor to al-Ashrad, he who watched
the breaking of the Curse that the devil-touched Tremere
laid upon the Blood. He who performed the Ritual of Cre-
ation, which kept the Children of Haqim strong through the
many nights of their disgrace. He who forged the Fang of Kali
and strung the Bow of the Sun. He who chains the storms and
strikes down devils with his hand of iron. All honor to al-
Ashrad, the greatest magician in the world!

Lost to the mists of time is the mortal life of al-Ashrad,
he who walked out of the long mountain nights with leashed
lightnings in his hand and the world in his eye, offering his


Pa on ¥

magics to Haqim. Wise was Hagim to accept the service of al-
Ashrad, for the Ancestor and the man who would be Amr
both knew of the centuries of disgrace that awaited the
Children. Both foresaw that the Children's honor would not
be cleansed without the might of the greatest magician in the
world.

It came to pass that some of the Children of Haqim
resented the acceptance ofa mortal man into their ranks, and
they plotted the downfall of al-Ashrad. But the Amr's eyes
and ears were many in those nights, and he prepared well for
the treacherous Children. When the conspirators came for
him, al-Ashrad was ready. He slew the foremost with a blazing
arrow from the Bow of the Sun. He fell upon the rest with
sword and spells. Demons fought at his side. He tore through
the would-be murderers as would a whirlwind set against a
spider's web. When the dust had settled, 10 of Haqim's finest
sons lay on the ground, yetal-Ashrad had suffered no wounds.

The greatest magician in the world wentto the chambers
of the Ancestor and spoke of what had happened. What
transpired there none can say for certain, but the stories tell
of a mighty argument, of al-Ashrad's accusations that the
Ancestor had sought to bind his power to the service of the
Children, thoughtless of the sorcerer's freedom. Haqim's
anger was no less, for the first of those al-Ashrad had slain was
his favorite and most trusted son. The Ancestor's belief was
that the magician had sought to usurp that childe's position
as his right hand.

Both mighty creatures' spines stiffened with pride, and
they might have come to blows had not ur-Shulgi, Haqim's
second son, intervened. Facing the wrath of the disputants,
he told them that he had gazed into their souls and found
them both in error. The conspirators had acted of their own
volition, ur-Shulgi told them, and al-Ashrad had not sought
to-supplant Hagqim's children.

Hagqim's face grew dark, for he was not accustomed to
hearing his words questioned, even by those of his own blood.
Wisdom stayed his hand, however, for he knew that ur-
Shulgi spoke true. He could not stand by without taking
action, however, foral-Ashrad was not of Haqim's Blood and
he had slain a double handful of Haqim's favored.

"So be it," spoke Haqim. "You have slain those who were
my hands and eyes, those who were counted among the
strongest arms and swiftest minds of my Blood. By rights, I
should have your life as forfeit for theirs, but your counsel has
been wise, and your magics have been mighty. This will not
end here, for those who attacked you were not alone among
my children. A man not of the Blood will never be fully
accepted in Alamut, no matter how faithful his service tome.
Thus, I must first take from you that which you took from me."
Having spoken, Hagim severed al-Ashrad's arm with one
blow from his scimitar and plucked out al-Ashrad's eye with
asecond blurring motion. The sorcerer never flinched, never
cried out, but accepted Haqim's justice with grace and dig-
nity, as was his duty as a prince of men.

Then Haqim turned to ur-Shulgi, his second son, cousin
to the djinni and keeper of the lore of Alamut, saying, "I
cannot take this man into the Blood, my son, for too many
would see such an act as proof that I favor him overall others,
and Alamut would be torn apart from inside. Bring him to the
Blood, that he may walk forever among my sons." Ur-Shulgi
nodded, for he saw the wisdom in Haqim's proclamation. He
took al-Ashrad into his arms, intending to give unto him the
Blood.

And then it was that al-Ashrad failed; the only time in
his long life. He spoke to Hagim, "Ancestor, I have served
faithfully and borne your punishment. Why do you curse me
further by poisoning me with the Blood?" To which, Haqim
answered, "As a man, you would ever be less than the
Children," and al-Ashrad had no argument.

Al-Ashrad has served the Children of Haqim eversince,
leading the line of the wizards from his chambers in Alamut.
When the Children were hard-pressed by the armies of the
munafiqun, his sorcerers took the field alongside the warriors
of the Blood, striking down the mightiest knights with their
lightnings and sending hordes of djinni against the invaders.
In the darkest hours of the wars, al-Ashrad took up his
enchanted blade and joined the battle himself, turning the
tides single-handedly and rending the greatest warlocks of
the accursed Tremere with his magics. When the Curse was
laid upon the Children, al-Ashrad retreated to his laborato-
ries and magic circles, devoting the entirety of his being to
redeeming the honor of the Blood. Now, through ur-Shulgi,
his centuries of labor have finally met with success.

All honor to the Ancestor, whose wisdom preserved the
man who would deliver the Children of Haqim from the
Curse. All honor to Ur-Shulgi, from whom the mightiest
mages in the world descend. All honor to al-Ashrad, the
greatest magician in the world!

CHiuoREN oF THE Nic

88

Image: There is an aura of power to al-Ashrad that is less
seen than felt, a slight stirring in the air around him, an
invisible force that seems barely contained within his being,
dormantonly because he wishes it to be so. Hisskin is pale like
ivory, unmarred by a thousand duels with demons and de-
mon-touched Tremere. His appearance is an anomaly among
the dark-skinned Assamites. A diamond replacement ru-
mored to give the Amrsight beyond sight occupies the empty
socket of his left eye. His right eye isa cool-burning blue, the
color of the daylight desert skies that he has not gazed upon
for centuries. Al-Ashrad's hair and beard were iron-gray
before his Embrace, though he now shaves them nightly. He
prefers to garb himself in simple white robes, loose and
flowing and sewn with myriad pockets that contain innumer-
able components for his spells. The left arm of these robes
remains pinned back, a continual reminder of Haqim's jus-
tice. Al-Ashrad's voice is deep and resonant, instantly
commanding yet always calm and understated. The Amr
moves with the ease of youth, and he has grown accustomed
to compensating for the lack of his arm by using his magics to
perform common tasks, an act that distresses many visitors to
his laboratories who are unused to flasks leaping from tables
to pour themselves.

Roleplaying Hints: Although the rest of the Children of
Hagim think you are the greatest magician in the world, you
know differently, and the shame of the deception you are
forced to continue gnaws at you like a demon chained within
your belly. Your magics are mighty, true, but they are nothing
compared to the might of your sire (see ur-Shulgi, p. 89), he
whose hand guided yours in breaking the Curse. You know
better than any other what his awakening means, and the
thought of what is to come fills your nights with distraction
and your daytime dreams with images of blood-soaked ground.
Nevertheless, you are the Amr, and you will continue to do
your duty to the Blood to the last — even if that means acting
in defiance of what most of the clan feels is the "true path."
Now that the Curse is broken, your foremost hope is that you
and your magi —and, perhaps, your allies among the scholars
—can somehow rein in the warriors before they bring on a
second war, one that you cannot win. You have never wholly
accepted the monomaniacal ways of the Path of Blood,
believing instead that the role of the Children is to counsel
froma position of strength rather than to blaze a trail of ashes
across the world.

Clan: Children of Haqim (Assamite)

Sire: ur-Shulgi

Nature: Perfectionist

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 5th

Embrace: first century AD; al-Ashrad was between 500 and
1000 years old at that time

Apparent Age: ageless

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 7

Caarrer Tarez

89

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 7, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 8, Wits 8
Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 6, Empathy
5, Expression 7, Instruction 7, Intimidation 8, Intuition 8,
Leadership 6, Subterfuge 8

Skills: Archery 8, Crafts (blacksmith) 8, Etiquette 8,
Herbalism 8, Meditation 8, Melee 8, Ride 5, Stealth 7,
Survival 6

Knowledges: Academics (history) 8, Demon Lore 8, Inves-
tigation 6, Linguistics (a long list of magical, spoken and dead
languages, including Enochian) 8, Medicine 6, Occult 8,
Philosophy 6, Politics 6, Science 5

Disciplines: Auspex 7, Celerity 4, Chimerstry 3, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 5, Obeah 3, Obfuscate 7, Quietus 8, Thaumaturgy
8

Thaumaturgical Paths: Lure of Flames 5, Movement of the
Mind 5, Neptune's Might 3, Path of Blood 5, Path of Conjur-
ing 4, Path of Warding 5, Rego Manes 5, Rego Mentem 5,
Way of the Levinbolt 5, Weather Control 5, Countermagic
5

Backgrounds: Allies 8, Clan Prestige 8, Contacts 8, Herd 5,
Influence 5, Resources 6, Retainers (bound demons) 8
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 2

Willpower: 9

UR-SHULGI, THE SHEPHERD

Background: In certain fragments of the Book of Nod,
primarily those recovered in the Middle East, passages appéar
that speak of the old gods — those worshipped by the mortals
who dweltin the Second City. Some of these names are familiar
to the Cainite scholar of the modem nights: Ashur, Kel-nach,
Enkidu, Rashadii. Some have no direct correlation to any other
record of Kindred history: Mancheaka, Nar-Sheptha, Sha'hiri
and ur-Shulgi. This last name appears in four separate passages,
and Setite scholars infer from its context that it is an avatar of
one of the Second City's war-gods.

The war-god Haqim.

In a valley in the Zagros Mountains, on the border of
modern-day Iran and Iraq, an intrepid explorer with substan-
tial powers of supernatural perception might find a small
cave, recently opened by an Iraqi infantry squad. The squad's
truck is still parked there, in fact. The squad's commander
assumes that his men went AWOL, and he has made no
particular effort to find them — which is probably best for
him, as the soldiers are in no condition to defend their
reputations or anything else.

Should the intrepid explorer enter the cave, however, he
would find those soldiers' bodies arrayed on the ground,
unmarked save for flecks of blood on their lips and expres-
sions of... surprise... on their faces. Their weaponstill lie by
their sides, except for the handful of grenades they expended
in opening the cave. An autopsy — if the hypothetical

.explorer had the skill and inclination to perform one —


would reveal that their internal organs ruptured from fluid
pressure. The corpses would be well-preserved for such an
exploration, for no blood whatsoever remains within them.

Further exploration into the cave would reveal five
simple stone crypts of the approximate size of bank vaults.
Three are closed, their heavy lids secured in place by gravity
and stronger forces. One gapes half-open, as if awaiting the
deposit of whatever precious item it was intended to contain.
The last is shattered beyond repair, presumably from the
inside, judging from the half-dozen fist-sized stone shards
scattered on the slabs before it.

In Petra, Jordan, there isa much larger cave complex in the
desert sandstone. An individual who knows the proper routes
might make his way toa large unlit chamber halfa mile beneath
the surface of the earth. Thousands of niches — most of which
are empty — have been carved into the walls of this chamber.
A fewcontain wax-sealed earthen jars bearing freshly-inscribed
words in a language that has not been uttered by any living
tongue for millennia. Were the observer capable of translating
this language, the words on the jars would be resolved into
names. A scholar of the Children of Haqim would recognize
many of them. The company is quite distinguished: Jamal,
Talag, Ismail. The jars, if they were to be opened by one with
sufficient magical power, would be found to contain the heart's
blood of those whose names the vessels bear.

A flurry of rumors sweeps through the rafiq, who awoke
to find that the Curse laid by the demon-touched Tremere
has been shattered like a dropped crystal goblet, that their
Blood once more ran pure and burning in their veins.

ALAshrad and his brood have attained success in their attempts
to cleanse the Blood, they whisper, all honor to the magi. The
Sorcerer and his followers have been destroyed, they murmur, and
with his death the ritual was broken. The power of the Blood has
washed away all impurities, they smile behind their masks.

As stories proliferate throughout the Assamite ranks,
the eldest of the rafiq feel a call from the caves beneath Petra.
Jamal was the first to heed it. The amr, when asked what has
become of the Master, merely shakes his head. He alone of the
unliving elders of Alamut understands the truth — for
though it was his hand that broke the Curse, it was not his
will, norhisknowledge, nor his power. He wasmerely the tool
of a master artisan, whose skill tore the bonds of the Curse
asunder as if they were spiderwebs before a scimitar.

Al-Ashrad alone knows the fate of Jamal — there is no
more need for a false Master to hold the Mountain in Haqim's
place. The true master of Alamut has sent his herald, ur-Shulgi,
his second childe, to announce his return in fire and blood and
stone. Ur-Shulgi, who shattered the terrible Curse; ur-Shulgi,
who rent the rogue Talaq in half with but a thought; ur-Shulgi,
who threatened to destroy the flaccid "Assamites" to the last if
they chose not to heed their sire's call.

Image: Time has not been kind to Ur-Shulgi, nor have
the ravages of the beast within it or the numerous enemies it
has challenged. It looks like nothing so much as a scarred,
burnt child, a young god born from fire and violence. Its skin,
obsidian-black with age, displays a lattice of scars, some of
which weep blood when the Methuselah becomes agitated.
Here and there, bits of bone and sinew protrude from beneath
its skin, as if its body has been flayed. Additionally, Ur-
Shulgi's eyes have been either gouged or burnt away, though
it claims to be able to see without hindrance. When it deigns
to clothe itself, Ur-Shulgi wears unadorned, light-colored
caftans and robes, often with a bone or amber necklace. Its
voice seems to billow up from the depths of a dry desert well
(surprisingly to some, Ur-Shulgi is perfectly fluent in any
modern language in which it is addressed). Ur-Shulgi nor-
mally remains motionless when conversing with its childer or
other "Kindred," unless it wishes to make a rhetorical point
through a cat-like flash of violence. If it absolutely has to shift
position to do anything other than kill, it does not move so
much as flicker from point to point.

Roleplaying Hints: As the second childe of Hagim, you
were the first of the Assamite magi. Now, youactas your sire's
herald and loremaster. You are the most efficient war-mage
on the face of the planet, though you do not think of yourself
in such simplistic. In fact, most of your thought processes are
completely incomprehensible to anyone not of your age and
power stratum. To outside observers, you are violence given
a physical body, the vengeance of Haqim upon all those who
would oppose his will. You remember the glory of the Second
City and the old gods who walked there. This "Allah" is an
upstart whose faith has corrupted the line of Haqim, and you
must either show all those who worship him the error of their
ways, orpurge them from among the rafiq. Casually shattering
the "curse" that the Usurpers laid upon the Assamites was the
first step on this road, and those presumptuous meddlers will
be the first to fall before the whirlwind that the Camarilla
attempted to chain.

Craupren oF THE NicHT

90

Clan: Children of Hagim (Assamite)

Sire: Hagim

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 4th

Embrace: A translation of the Parables of Blood relates ur-
Shulgi's Embrace to "the nightwhen the stones spoke and the
skies cried a blood rain."

Apparent Age: indeterminate, though ur-Shulgi'ssmall body
suggests a young Embrace

Physical: unknown

Social: Charisma and Manipulation unknown; Appearance
0, as Ur-Shulgi does not bother to conceal its form unless it
is preparing to strike

Mental: unknown

Talents: unknown

Skills: unknown

Knowledges: Academics (history) 9, Linguistics 9, Occult 9,
others unknown

Disciplines: Auspex 8, Obfuscate 9, Quietus 9, Thaumaturgy
9; others unknown

Thaumaturgical Paths: unknown; presumably godlike profi-
ciency in the ancient practices

Backgrounds: unknown

Virtues: unknown; do such trappings matter to a god?
Morality: Path of Blood (ancient form) 10
Derangements: what would be megalomania in a lesser
creature

Willpower: 10

UNKNOWN

There are multiple reasons that most of Ur-
Shulgi's Traits aren't given: numerical values. First,
the Assamite Methuselah isstill shaking off the dust of
centuries, and it's not at full operating capacity yet.
Second, it doesn't matter what those Traits are — ur-
Shulgi is powerful enough to crush any aggressor,
except another Methuselah, without apparent effort.
"Any aggressor" includes any coterie of players' char-
acters unlucky enough to meet it and foolish enough
to challenge its might. Third and finally, Ur-Shulgi
doesn't want anyone knowing the extent of its capa-
bilities — what's listed here is simply what it has
demonstrated to surviving witnesses thus far. However,
consider this: Less than a week after being awakened
by its sire, ur-Shulgi had enough power to casually
shred a ritual cast by the combined might of the
Tremere Inner Circle without more than the faintest
exertion. That should be a good indicator of what this
creature can accomplish should itchoose (orbe forced)
to go all-out.

HAVIAR, DATRIARCH AND ERSTWHILE
JustIcaR OF CLAN GANGREL

Background: The fabled "son of the night" began the
long, winding path through life, death, and what lay beyond
as a sergeant in the army of Edward the Black Prince. A
conscripted yeoman commoner of the hotly contested Loire
northlands, Xavier de Calais was already well-acquainted
with the manner in which the ends might be played against
the middle. Instinct and acumen served him well in those
early years. He survived numerous skirmishes and strategi-
cally positioned himself as an outwardly subservient adjunct
to several lesser contenders, even as he rose slowly in rank
and repute. At Maupertuis near Poitiers, the turning point of
what historians would later name the Hundred Years War,
Xavier rode with Denis de Morbeke and half-a-hundred
disinherited French footmen. The two vassals led the press
and stormed the French gates to secure the English claim and
take John the Good prisoner. Xavier's valor was rewarded
that very evening by two august benefactors: James Lord
Audley, who imparted to him a knighthood and some minor
coastal holdings, and an unnamed wanderer posing as a
jongleur from far-off lands, who inducted the commoner into
a ruling class of a very different nature...

Itisasometime-tradition of the Gangrel clan to leave its
fledglings for a while to roam the world, driven by their self-
loathing, some insatiable wanderlust born of the Blood, and
perhaps other motivations. Xaviar-born-Xavier received just
such an Embrace. After several hellish nights during which
the newly knighted noble learned firsthand the Hunger and
the folly of monsters mimicking mortal lives, he fled north to
the frozen wastes. There he learned the thrill of the hunt, the
inexpressible desire to pit flesh against flesh until one emerged
strongest, the uncertainty that preceded each new battle and
the anticipation of the coming night in which the cycle
would begin anew. Beasts, men, nameless man-monsters
fabled to walk the northernmost bergs and ridges — all these
and more fell before his fangs.

Xavier might have spent an eternity of nights in that
half-human existence, but something awoke inside him. An
atavism in hisunbeating heart harked back to earlier times—
toagame more challenging than the flesh-and-blood variety.
This dark, hungry current bid him return to the world of men
at the close of the 15th century.

The no-longer-young fledgling journeyed south and
collected not a few pelts from the man-wolves that fre-
quented the depths of the Black Forest. (To thisnight Xaviar
is an insatiable Lupine hunter — his very presence stresses
whatever tenuous relations might exist between the
werewolves and Kindred in any given province, and it is said
that the Lupines remember him in their songs and stories as
"Kills-Our-Brothers.") For the first time in decades, he en-
countered others of his kind in the Rhineland, where he
learned the importance of recognition, territory and the
centuries-old subterfuge the Camarilla vampires called their

Caarren Taree

91

Masquerade. He tarried there for some years and listened to
their Traditions, their tales of the New World — until the
Beast awoke again to stir his soul.

This time Xaviar's travels took him into the cursed lands
of eastern Europe and beyond, through the forested Balkans
and Turkish tributaries, into the Sudan and southern lands.
Some believe that, while the Kanem-Bornu and Songhai
empires clashed for control of the nascent nation, Xaviar
seated himself deep within the heart of the unexplored
southernmost wilderness and enjoyed veneration as a god-
king by a people who had never before seen white flesh.
Others insist he sired a score of bastards in that span, many of
whom survive to this night —that more Gangrel blood stems
from Xaviar than from any other member of the line. Still
other accounts maintain that he ran with the lost children of
Laibon, gazed upon their burning sands and lightless jungles
tolearn their secrets, make their forbidden magics. The truth
may well never be known; the patriarch dismisses all such
inquiries with a condescending smirk.

It is known, however, that the wanderer's African so-
journ came to an end near the dawn of the 18th century.
Xaviar crossed the Atlantic amidst the Puritan incursion and
stormed into the first American Conclave (held in 1704 in
the port city of Boston). There he laid his greatest trophy to
date at the feet of the Inner Circle: Elijah, Gangrel Justicar,
lost to his own inner demons, at last hunted down like the
Beast he had become and destroyed by his kinsman. The
Circle of Six provisionally accepted the newcomer into its
ranks as an archon, and Xaviar assumed Elijah's seat on the
Justicar Council seven years later.

After that auspicious evening, Xaviar served the
Camarilla as justicar from his fortified New Orleans domain
(although he leans decidedly toward looking out for his own
interests). Unlike so many of his clanmates, the justicar

struggled to keep abreast of the changing times. In many ways
his involvement in mortal society was more reminiscent of
Ventrue lineage than Gangrel; his command of sociopolitical
and technological advancement was remarkable for one so
old, and he cultivated an impressive network of contacts
during his stay on the continent. (Aksinya Daclau, Gangrel
antitribu and heretic Sabbat, is believed to be one of Rhun the
Minstrel's brood, and therefore Xaviar's "sister" by blood.
Neither, however, comments on any such familial or political
relationship.)

As with so many of his station, Xaviar's term as justicar
was plagued by detractors. Rumors surrounding Xaviar's
activities and whereabouts ranged from accounts of ultra-
high-tech mortal hit squads to would-be witnesses of diablerie
and infernal practices to fantastic allegations concerning
some "unholy bond with the beasts," the only source from
which Xaviar can still feed following his African excursions.
A handful of questionable affairs and accusations aside,
Xaviar's combination of information brokerage, opportunis-
tic double-dealing and now-you-see-me-now-you-don't
politicking served him well in the completion of his duties
over the past 300 years...

All of which makes recent developments all the more
confusing. In 1999, notlongafterasearch-and-destroy opera-
tion in which the renegade Smiling Jack was hunted down
and brought to justice, Xaviar resigned his commission as
justicar and disappeared from Kindred society. Scant nights
later, the Gangrel clan followed suit, renouncing Camarilla
membership almost to a vampire. Only Warlord Karsh (who
Xaviar openly calls traitor) and a handful of fringe elements
remain. Those few Kindred who have any information (or
inclination to speak) on the subject name Xaviar's testimony
concerning the existence of timeless ancients — the
Antediluvians of lore — as responsible for the withdrawal.

Image: Considering himself one of the noble beasts of
the night, Xaviar has little use for clothes. Still, he finds
clothes make it easier to deal with people, so he wears loose,
comfortable travel clothes, jeans, jackets, T-shirts and other
anonymous trappings when he must. Embraced in the field as
he was, Xaviar displays a perpetual three days' growth of
beard, which he sometimes shaves but usually does not. His
many nights of predation have given rise to many frenzies,
and he has acquired the nose, inky eyes and protruding ears
ofa bat. Xaviar moves soundlessly, suggesting that perhaps he
haspicked up a few other proclivities of bats as well. His hands
have become hooked claws, and short, rude spurs protrude
from his spine. Despite his bestial appearance, however,
Xaviar exudes an aura of majesty appropriate to one of the
great creatures of legend about which his site once sang.

Roleplaying Hints: The ill-tempered exterior you show
the world conceals both voracious intellect and ruthless
ambition. Some of your contemporaries swear by old-fash-
ioned, fairy-tale conceptssuchas honor, solitude and stoicism.
Let them; you have weapons they would not dare use. Youare

Ceaupren oF THE Nice

2


aclimber first and foremost — a competitor, a challenger, a
consummate conniver. Whereas others of your kind would
prevail through forthright superiority and flowery speeches,
you have mastered the exploited weakness, the slow, steady
erosion of confidence that follows in chaos' wake, the well-
placed word behind the scenes that softens an opponent in
preparation for your inevitable strike. You have never let
anything stand in your way, and you are not about to start
now.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Rhun of Tintagel

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1356

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6

arisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimi-
dation 4, Leadership 5, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 6

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Archery 4, Drive 1, Etiquette 2,
Firearms 3, Melee 5, Performance 3, Ride 4, Security 2,
Stealth 4, Survival 6

Knowledges: Computer 1, Finance 2, Hearth Wisdom 3,
Investigation 5, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics
3, Science |

Disciplines: Abombwe 4, Animalism 6, Auspex 2, Celerity
3, Fortitude 6, Potence 4, Protean 6

Backgrounds: Allies 6, Contacts 5, Resources 4, Retainers 5
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 8

Social:

QururR AM-Heru, CHAMPION OF SeT

Background: Although the original tale is so old and
polluted by legends that few even of his clanmates know the
retelling, Cainite history names qufur am-heru as first vassal
to Set — champion, trusted adviser, devoted servant and
marshal of the storm-god's armies. It was he, the stories claim,
who held the Temple against the coming hordes led by Set's
nephew Horus and gave his life that his master might escape
those who sought his end. The warrior charged his children
with eternal fealty and service in preparation for Set's even-
tual return.

Three of Set's childer have worn the title of qufur am-
heru ("greatest who guards me" in a chthonic Setite dialect)
throughout the intervening centuries. Each qufur, driven by
a premonition on the eve of his imminent destruction,
Embraces a childe (preferably a mortal descendant) and
schools the fledgling in the rites and responsibilities of his
inherited station before committing the ultimate sacrifice in
his lord'sname—thus leaving his successor to begin the cycle

anew. Whatever the particulars, this admittedly time-dis-
torted and fanciful tale is not without its roots in reality. The
newest Cainite to claim the name Qufur am-Heru, the son of
a priest and apprentice to a scribe of Amasis' court, received
the Kiss in the sixth century B.C., the night before the
Achaemenian hordes swarmed over his Egyptian heartland
topillage and raze everything in their path. Even Set's temple
and its guardian, Qufur's sire, were left in ashes. The neonate,
who watched from afar, hid himself and grew strong, covertly
striking at the Persian menace again and again over the years
until the infidels were driven from the desert sands.

Owing either to his elder Blood or some inflexible sense
of duty, Qufur has spent most of eternity in the cold sleep of
torpor. He has risen fora decade or two no more than a dozen
times over the millennia, generally when his services as
defender of the faith are needed. Alexander's fourth-century
subversion of Lower Egypt saw Qufur's participation in secret
negotiation with Macedonian generals to promote Phara-
onic rule, a compromise insuring his people's survival. He
also involved himself in the Muslim siege of Alexandria, in
which he personally financed the restoration of countless art
houses and museums to make them dynastic treasures rather
than trophies of war. Qufur witnessed the sack and recon-
struction of Cairo after the Third Crusade, when the streets
ran scarlet with infidel blood shed by his blade. Even the
Napoleonic press toward cultural eradication was not free
from his ministrations, as he lectured orphans and school-
children by torchlight so that they would not be duped by
French propaganda. Rommel's 1942 defeat at El-Alamein,
where the qufur was forced to relocate his ancestral haven
after its inadvertent destruction at the hands of the British,
and a scattered handful of other less-celebrated occasions
stand as testament to his ability to change with the times —
a feat many vampires his age have difficulty mastering.

Chapter Taree

93

The close of the 20th century seems to be another of
those occasions. Tonight Qufur continues his lord's crusade
from a hidden locale on the Moroccan coast. A preternatu-
rally swift learner, he knows that sword and scabbardare but
two of many tools with which war is waged, and that the
nightly battle must be fought on other fronts. The speed with
which he has adapted to the modern world is nothing short
of astonishing — already he has given the global economic
arena (the European Common Market in particular) his
attention to establish himselfas a major player and gone so far
asto threaten Ventrue prominence ona number of fronts. He
has never sired; his mortal (and immortal) disciples, how-
ever, have begun to infiltrate worldwide academic and
theological circles, and it is only a matter of time before their
numbers reach critical mass — what others might call a cult.

An observer would be hard pressed to label Qufur as a
"traditional" vampire; he is engaging, pleasant and seemingly
free of malice. He never displays (much less uses) his fangs;
even when feeding, he "drinks" from goblets, glasses or
syringes rather than contacting the vein directly. Qufur
professes no outward animosity toward any "of the Blood,"
whatever their lineage or loyalties; indeed, he welcomes
conversation with other Kindred as opportunities to hone his
verbal acumen or simply to trade information. The Setite has
come to view the city of Tangier as his domain, however, and
Cainite visitors who settle there overlong have an unfortu-
nate habit of disappearing. His clanmates (those few who
recognize him at all) seem to regard him as pariah, though he
has some scattered contacts among the eldest surviving
Followers of Set, who seem to accept him asa long-estranged
peer. Even when holding council with these few and hearing
their incessant inquiries about his purpose in waking at what
many consider the End Times, the qufur is strangely silent. As
for modern Setites, Qufur reserves disdain for most of them.
Even the paramount Children of Set have earned his con-
tempt; he reviles Hesha as a "rustic cunctator" and Kemintiri
as a "dung-streaked whore." Qufur seems to have his own
vision of dead Set's dream and little tolerance for others'.

Image: Qufur has the build ofan amateurathlete and the
grace of an acrobat. He wears expensive, tailored suits (in-
deed, one of his retainers is his steward and clothier) cut from
the finest fabrics available. The skin on his arms and across
his broad back bears the marks of tribal scarification: scores
and scores of small, round welts made by cutting open the
flesh ever so slightly and rubbing ash into the wound. Qufur
wears a knot of hair that falls over his left eye, suggesting some
sort ofancient Egyptian nobility, but asmall tattoo atthe base
of his neck implies that he may have been a criminal or slave
during his life.

Roleplaying Hints: Soft-spoken and stately, you are a
true believer in what you feel is right — the inevitable and
necessary destruction of this world, that another might take
its place. Earnestness permeates your every word and deed;
although you are nowhere near naive enough to announce

your true motives to all who would listen, you find deception
distasteful. Whether brimming with cautious enthusiasm,
aflame with righteous fervor, or quietly musing in a social
setting, you always seem to be in a good mood —a true rarity
among the Damned. Even inan unlife-or-death situation you
remain composed, dignified, and you conduct yourself hon-
orably. You know what is coming, what it will mean for the
peoples of this desolate world, how youand yours might make
ready; your clarity of vision and incontrovertible charm could
(and once did) influence nations. It is just as well that those
you so effortlessly infect with your zeal have no idea of what
you intend to unleash on the Earth.

Clan: Followers of Set

Sire: Qufur am-Heru (deceased)

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 525 B.C.

Apparent Age: late teens to early 20s, depending on dress
and accoutrements.

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 6, Empathy
3, Expression (poetic hieroglyphs) 4, Intimidation 3, Leader-
ship 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Archery 5, Crafts (pottery) 3, Eti-
quette 5, Firearms 1, Herbalism 6, Melee 6, Performance 2,
Ride 4, Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 6, Computer 1, Finance 5, Hearth
Wisdom 6, Investigation 4, Law 3, Linguistics (the tongues of
North Africa and Western Europe) 6, Medicine (embalm-
ing) 4, Occult 6, Science (alchemy) 4

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 5, Obtenebration 2, Potence 3, Pres-
ence 6, Serpentis 6, Thaumaturgy 4, Protean 1
Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 4, Lure of Flames 3,
Path of Corruption 3, Neptune's Might 2, Spirit Manipula-
tion 2

Backgrounds: Influence 4, Resources 6 (Pharaonic trea-
sure), Retainers 4

Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Morality: Path of Typhon 6

Willpower: 7

DRACULA, SON OF THE DRAGON

Background: The life and times of Vlad Tepes Dracula
long ago became the stuff of legend. The second son of a
church knight's fleeting union with a convent's mistress,
Vladimir of Hunedoara began his existence in the war-torn
fortress of Sighisoara. Born into what would surely have been
a life of luxury within Wallachian nobility and the Holy
Roman Empire were it not for the heritage-steeped nation's

Cepren oF THe Nicer

94

massing Ottoman nemesis, the Son of the Dragon would take
Fate by the throat and bend her to his will.

It was not an easy time to be a child, least of all an heir
apparent to a throne constantly besieged by the infidel
hordes. Vlad and his younger brother Radu spent the better
part of their adolescent years as hostages bartered to Murad II
in political appeasement. The Turks released the brothers
only when word came that Vlad and Radu's father and older
brother were dead at the hands of treacherous boyar country-
men.

Surely the traumatic conditions surrounding Dracula's
childhood profoundly shaped the man he would become. The
17-year old prince — by birthright if nothing else — fled to
the house of his uncle Iancu, then-tuler of Wallachia, and he
married into that noble line. He took up his father's sword
and title as crusader in Sigismund's Order of the Dragon,
gathered an army to his banner and pledged himself to
vengeance.

It cost the Romanian prince two campaigns, eight years,
and another shameful imprisonment, but he ultimately pre-
vailed. Vladimir, Son of the Dragon, crushed all other
claimants to the Wallachian throne and reduced his com-
petitors' holdings to rubble. With his own hand, he took the
life of his father's betrayer, Vadislav II. He forced the boyar
back-stabbers, whose double-dealings had taken his brother
Mircea's life, toa seven-league march that few survived; their
families he condemned to the construction of his castle. He
sentenced the remainder to slow, torturous deaths and public
display, that their carrion corpses might testify to the price of
treason.

Thus were born tales of the man whom Turkish soldiers
and servant children alike named kazighu bey — "impaler
prince."

Once again master of his father's domain, Prince Vlad
turned his attentions to the Ottoman raiders whose forces
perpetually tested the borders of his kingdom, and to the iron-
fisted precepts of honor and order with which he ruled the
denizens of that kingdom. To this night, popular culture runs
rife with stories illustrating the draconian nature of Dracula's
justice. Still lingering in many memories is the tale of the
banquet hall, filled with beggars and vagrants, that the prince
burned to the ground after a sumptuous charitable feast. The
razed villages and poisoned well-water he left in his wake to
starve Sultan Mehmed's armies attest to a cunning, evil
mind, and the forest of 20,000 impaled Turkish dead with
which he turned the sultan's battle host homeward drive the
terrible truth home. Tepes ("impaler"), they called him, and
dracula (‘"devil's son" or "dragon's son"), while the lines
between man, myth and monster began to blur.

Ultimately, it was tragic happenstance that proved the
Impaler's undoing. A treacherous alliance between Mehmed
and Vlad's brother Radu coupled with the death of his
beloved, Livia (who, it is written, flung herself into the dark

drive Dracula from his throne and into hiding fora third time.
In the decade of darkness that followed, the outcast prince
first made use of the Protestant enemy's guerrilla tactics and
armored wagons. Invoking forgotten familial allegiances and
pacts with patrons best left unnamed, he first took counsel
from the witch-woman Durga Syn.

Standing before the bound and broken creature his
guardsmen had captured but been instructed not to kill,
recalling the familiar legends of blood-drinkers and bodies
that grew young and strong lying in their graves, Vlad Tepes
Dracula first supped from the wellspring of undeath.

Dracula's long and illustrious unlife has proved this elder
of the accursed Tzimisce to be a dangerous unknown. Follow-
ing his publicly staged "assassination," the vampyr has variously
declared fealty to Hardestadt's Camarilla, the early Sabbat
death-cult headed by Lugoj, sinister manus nigrum, and easily
adozen more radical or esoteric causes. More recently, toward
the close of the 18th and 19th centuries, he seems to have
sundered all such ties and drawn away from Cainite society
for undetermined reasons. In 1897 he went so far as to
influence a bibulous Irish author's famed fiction, thus flying
in the face of the Masquerade and throwing the delicate
balance between Kindred and kine into disarray. It was his
parting gesture par force. He has never since been seen in
Cainite circles.

Tonight the Impaler holds solitary court from the ruins
of his Tirgovistan fortress, between Pasul Tihuts and the
Borgo Pass. His current activities, to say nothing of alle-
giances, are unknown; he keeps his own company, aloof from
Camarilla, Sabbat and the greater game Kindred call the
Jyhad, and he emerges only infrequently for matters of inscru-
tablemeaning. Although his goalsare unclearand his motives
artfully concealed, when the Son of the Dragon strikes he is

waters of the Arghes to avoid Turkish capture), conspired to ~~ swift and ruthlessly thorough.

Cuaprer Tree

95

Some believe that Dracula is old, tired and broken, a
fallen champion whose power is but a whisper beside the
bellow it used to be. Others claim his hermitage is necessary
to his survival —that his failed attempt to lose himself in the
pages of fiction has made a hell of his unlife and rendered him
atarget, a prisoner in his own house, prey to fate and the whim
of arrogant foes who would play Brutus to his Caesar. Still
other sources allege he holds private audience with his
unwilling creator, with whom he came to terms long ago.
Some maintain that Dracula hunted down and destroyed his
sire years past, even that he journeyed to the New World to
do so, and that the name Lambach tonight is but another
orchestration of Dracula's cunning. One fanciful tale even
names the Impaler as one of the guiding forces at the head of
the enigmatic Inconnu.

Whatever truth may be in these ramblings, in life and
death, Vlad Tepes, Son of the Dragon, Impaler-Prince of
Wallachia, has attained a degree of infamy. His is wholly
unlike the unlife ofany vampire who has gone before, a strain
of immortality different from any previously known to the
Children of Caine stalks the final nights.

Image: The Son of the Dragon appears much the way
legend ascribes to him: long-haired, mustached, and pos-
sessed of a feral charm that disguises a black heart. His
complexion is swarthy, highlighted by prominent cheek-
bones and a pair of green eyes that captivate those who meet
his gaze. Dracula bears a strong, aristocratic nose that suggests
his noble ancestry. He wears fine clothes, but shies away from
the ostentatious, preferring to let his natural charisma work
for him rather than a gaudy display of "vulgar peacockery."
Impassioned in the extreme, Dracula nonetheless hides his
emotions. His gestures are graceful and calculated; none of
his movements go to waste.

Dracula has been known to change his appearance using
his Vicissitude, but accounts of these forms vary so widely as
to make any generalization useless. Among other shapes, he
has been known to take the form of a bat, a wolflike creature
resembling an enraged Lupine, an aged man, a beautiful
woman and an androgynous child, to say nothing of the
numerous guises he uses in his lair to entreat guests.

Roleplaying Hints: Centuries of self-imposed solitude
coupled with the disillusion of deathlessness have molded
your once-noble mien into something no longer even re-
motely human. You find yourselfslipping into alien expressions
and gestures with increasing frequency of late —a predatory
sneering curl to the lip here, a telltale winding gait there, a
disquieting low-throated snarl for this one, a chilling sibilant
hiss for that one. You are as apt to transfix others for hours
with your impenetrable gaze as you are to descend upon them
in a murderous rage — or, worse, to disregard them entirely
as you lose yourself in the depths of some unfathomable
nostalgia.

Something within you longs for the past — for the older,
simpler times, when the affairs of men and monsters were

governed by birthright, and bloodshed and honor — but the
Dracula who exists in the here and now knowssuch things are
long gone. You are done with the outside world, the folly of
man, even the ambitions and artifices of your modern-
minded contemporaries among the Children of Caine. You
endure. You survey the world from atop your lofty, lonely
throne. And you wait.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Lambach Ruthven

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 1495

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Grace 3, Interroga-
tion 3, Intimidation 4, Intuition 2, Leadership 5, Style 3,
Subterfuge 7

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Archery 3, Disguise 3, Etiquette 5,
Melee 4, Performance 3, Ride 2, Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 4, Camarilla Lore 4, Hearth Wis-
dom 3, History 5, Investigation 3, Linguistics (the languages
of Eastern and Western Europe, and a smattering of Eastern
and dead tongues) 6, Medicine 2, Occult 5, Politics 5, Sabbat
Lore 5

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 4,
Fortitude 3, Potence 3, Protean 4, Thaumaturgy 5, Vicissi-
tude 5 (Note: Dracula'sknowledge of Thaumaturgy isactually
thekoldunic sorcery of the Tzimisce. Unless you have the rules
for Koldunic Sorcery, which will appear in Blood Magic,
assume Dracula has achieved Level Five in the Path of Blood,
Elemental Mastery, the Green Path and Spirit Manipulation,
and Level Two in Countermagic.)

Backgrounds: Fame 5, Herd 5, Resources 5, Retainers 5
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 3

Willpower: 8

Repekan, MONITOR OF CHICAGO

Background: Asastreet urchin of illegitimate parentage
in first-century Judea, Rebekah spent her childhood in Ro-
man-occupied Jerusalem, astrife-ridden time and place where
one misstep could prove fatal. She was rescued from the
streets and forced into the life of a servant-girl attending a
lesser patrician. As were so many of her ancestry and station,
she was regularly beaten and made victim to her master's
unwholesome desires, and soon she learned to hate the
aristocracy and all they represented.

Other dissidents, noting her discontent, her strategic
position asadjutant toa city official, and the uses to which she

Cuiuoren oF THE Nicat

%

might be put, took the adolescent Rebekah into their confi-
dence. Zealots, they came to be called in those early days —
rebels who would not submit to the Roman idol-worshippers,
their pagan practices or their avarice-borne taxpayer census.
These insurgents, led by Judas of Galilee, maintained normal-
seeming lives as subservient elements of the citizenry while
spearheading civil disobedience, information networks, and
even covert acts of upheaval behind the scenes. Rebekah
soon acclimated to this notion of a double life by collecting
missives and snippets of overheard conversation from her
master's chambers and redistributing them among her
newfound brethren.

But it was not enough. The servant-girl longed to do
more, to be more, to strike a genuine blow against these
invaders who would gorge themselves while others endured
want. Her stubborn fervor and seemingly limitless determi-
nation ultimately put her in contact with a circle of
like-minded extremists. These sicarii—"dagger-men," politi-
cal assassins so radical that not even the Zealots would
associate with them — gladly welcomed a female recruit into
their midst. Rebekah's master was found shortly thereafter
with a blade buried in his throat, and his former servant left
behind the life she had known for an exhilarating dual
existence along the razor's edge.

At length, her involvement with the sicarii came to an

end — her last target, an elder of the Roman court, made her
continued stay in Jerusalem too dangerous. Rebekah fled
south from the city and there sought refuge at the estate of an
anonymous benefactor, a retired statesman and sympathizer
to her cause...

And there Elihu the Monitor (then going by the name
of Elias Andronicus) of Clan Ventrue taught her that other
arenas existed wherein the battle against injustice and op-
pression might be fought.

Rebekah's activities and whereabouts faded somewhat
from Cainite view at this time; she was never one to maintain
close ties with her clanmates, and her sire bade her accom-
pany him from a Palestine that was no longer safe. They
became lovers, traveling the continent for centuries, sam-
pling what pleasures the Mediterranean and adjacent
territories had to offer until fate and ill fortune trapped them
in the wrong time and place: Barcelona, staging ground for
the Spanish Inquisition. Rebekah and Elihu quickly found
themselves little better than prisoners, besieged on all sides
by race-based persecution and rapidly tightening nets of
witch-hunters.

Their rescue came in the form of Rafael de Corazon,
Renaissance craftsman and father of the august body history
would later call the Camarilla. The Toreador offered them
membership in his fledgling order in exchange for their
withdrawal from the mortal world. Although Rebekah wanted
to refuse his offer and challenge what she perceived as de
Corazon's cowardice, Elihu unhesitatingly pledged their co-
operation and support. The particulars following this firstand

fatal disagreement between sire and childe are not publicly
known, but Rebekah left the city of Barcelona alone and
unfettered. The elder Ventrue was never heard from again.

Again she wandered the globe, perhaps haunted by the
ramifications of what she had done, perhaps seeking some-
thing more than the parasitic existence she had been leading
for millennia. Her travels took her to the eastern Cathayan
shores, lands Elihu had always sought to visit. Like many
others of the Inconnu, whose ranks she would later join, she
chased the redemption of Golconda there for a time. One
rumor has Rebekah allegedly subsisting for months at a time
without feeding, a residual benefit of her experiments with
such ascetic's practices as ritual starvation. Atop Mount
Ararat, she was approached by an ancient unlike any she had
previously encountered — a Cainite, countless millennia
old, who claimed to be Rafael's sire. The Methuselah told her
of others like herself, powerful elder vampires who wished
only the blessing of solitude with which to while away
eternity. Rebekah joined the ranks of the Inconnu the next
evening.

For nearly two centuries since joining the enigmatic
Inconnu, the Ventrue Methuselah has served as Monitor of
Chicago. Lodin's fall has thrown the city into a state of
continuous flux, and her observations are needed now more
than ever. But Rebekah herself has not proven immune to
this upheaval —the rise of the anarch presence has rekindled
primal, irresistible urges in her, brought old memories to the
surface and inspired her to cross the line between watching
and acting. Already she has met with the insurgents left in
Maldavis' wake (what many of these dissidents do not realize
is that Maldavis herself was more often than not a lens
Rebekah used to spy upon and guide the anarchs for years). It
is only a matter of time before she marshals their number to
some — any — end.

Charen Taree

97

And insodoingshe will sunderall ties with the Inconnu.
Can their retribution be far behind?

Image: Rebekah bears the classical beauty of a Renais-
sance painting or Roman sculpture. While not exactly
"gorgeous" in a modern context, the combination of her
mystical, vampiric allure and divine bearing make her tre-
mendously attractive. Her wavy black hair frames a pair of
green eyes, and herskin has the tone (and feel) of fine marble.
Rebekah dresses to fit into the crowd by adopting modern
fashions and shedding them almost before they change. She
is remarkably adept at portraying the mannerisms of young
vampires — which other vampires more than two millennia
in age have difficulty doing.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the ideal urban huntress —
young-looking, attractive, educated, practiced at blending in
and interacting with a variety of cultures and social strata,
equally comfortable snorting cocaine, spooning caviar, or
satisfying the baser needs of men and women. Your recent
decision to reenter the world of mortal (and Kindred) affairs
has freed you from age-old shackles of ennui and reawakened
a familiar fire, an animal ferocity you find quite appealing,
even stimulating. Once again, you are the Rebekah of old:
angry, defiant, self-assured, alive, and you will not be re-
strained.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Elias Andronicus (Elihu — deceased)

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Thrill-Seeker

Generation: Unknown (A known diablerist, Rebekah is
believed to have consumed the soul of her sire, among
others), generally placed at 5th or 6th.

Embrace: A.D. 12

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 6, Wits 8

Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Empathy
4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Melee 4, Perfor-
mance 3, Ride 3, Stealth 5, Survival 2, Vamp 3
Knowledges: Academics 1, Area Knowledge (Chicago) 7,
Computer 1, Finance 1, Investigation 5, Linguistics (You've
heard of it? She speaks it.) 8, Medicine 4, Occult 5, Politics
4

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 6, Celerity 2, Dominate 6,
Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 5, Potence 3, Presence 5, Protean 5,
Thaumaturgy 4

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 4, Green Path 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 4, Retainers 2
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 7

MauatTMA, Monitor OF ISTANBUL

Background: Mahatma has involved himself with
Byzantion's history for as long as any Cainite can remember,
perhaps even before the arrival of Theusa, the city's true
founder. From within his haven, Mahatma directed the city's
growth, and considered himself Byzantion's shepherd. He
drew the greatest artists and architects from across the known
world to build Byzantion, a jewel on the road to the east. He
regretted his earlier depredations (or perhaps feared losing his
sanity to the wassail) and wanted to regain some of the beauty
he had lost. It was ever a difficult task, as the city changed
hands between the Spartans and Athenians many times, and
each occurrence led to the city's near destruction.

Constantine brought a definite end to the effort. His
forces razed Byzantion to the ground, enslaved the surviving
population and installed Constantine as ruler. Mahatma
himself nearly fell into torpor from grievous wounds inflicted
ina battle with Roman Cainites. Three Methuselahs accom-
panied the invaders: the Toreador Michael, anancientcreature
recently converted to Christianity; the Ventrue Antonius,
an empire builder who sought a way to supplant the Romans;
and the Dracon, a mysterious Tzimisce who sought to reshape
the world in his own image.

Rather than face this formidable trio directly, Mahatma
left to gather strength and knowledge with which to combat
them. He traveled the limits of the known world and beyond,
seeking pawns for his personal crusade. He sent Cainite and
mortal alike to raid his beloved city without thought for their
survival. Any whom he could not manipulate, he destroyed.

When the Beast raged against the core of his sanity,
Mahatma met the one who would change the course of his
unlife forever. He found this Cainite at the heart of some city
along the Mediterranean, which one he does not recall. The
mysterious vampire challenged his assumptions with mad-
dening riddles for which Mahatma could see no solution and
games for which he saw no purpose. Yet, he could see that he
faced a being of power who could perhaps break the Romans'
hold over his city.

Mahatma tried every possible trick to convince this
Cainite to aid him in his quest, but nothing worked. When he
tired of these games, he found he could not move to strike
down the creature. He realized then that no force at his
command could move this being, and he offered to learn from
the mysterious vampire instead. The Cainite opened a third
eye and introduced himself as the prophet Saulot.

Saulot guided Mahatma on the path to Golconda for
several decades, and Mahatma grew to rely upon the
Antediluvian's tutelage. He found the hope Saulot offered to
bea flash of light within the darkness his unlife had become.
On the night that Saulot disappeared without warning,
Mahatma fell into a frenzy that ravaged an entire village.

When Mahatma returned to his senses and saw how far
he had fallen from Saulot's teachings in only a few short
hours, he sank into the earth. He lay there for many nights

CHiLoREN oF THE Nicht

98

and heard the mourning and outrage when other mortals
found the destruction he had wrought. He thought he could
hear Saulot's thoughts nearby, but they were elusive and he
was unsure. Slowly, gripped by ennui and self-loathing, he
slipped into torpor.

Mahatma dreamed of Tremere's crime of Amaranth and
the Triumvirate's eventual fall — Antonius' destruction, the
Dracon's departure and Michael's descent into delusion

Upon awakening, Mahatma returned to his beloved
Byzantion, only to find it devastated by crusader and barbar-

ian, most of its beauty stolen or destroyed. He saw the
outcome of his earlier manipulations and nearly returned to
torpor.

As Mahatma again returned to the earth's embrace,
however, he heard Saulot's voice in his dreams. Each night,
the voice grew louder and more insistent, and finally it drove
him from the earth. Saulot instructed him to return to the
path, to regain what he had lost when Saulot left him.

Mahatma tries to reach Golconda, but he has yet to near
that goal. He believes he is close now, closer than ever before.
Saulot's voice has long since left him, but he believes he is
strong enough to continue on his own.

Now, Mahatma observes the Cainites of Istanbul and
watches for ones whom he deems worthy of redemption. He
has found only one such being: Justinian of the Nosferatu.
Mahatma communicates his intentions to Justinian through
dreamsand visions. He uses his power to protect the Nosferatu
from the ravages of the Jyhad so that this protégé might find
the way to Golconda—and perhaps show Mahatma what has
eluded him all these centuries. The Inconnu finds his pa-
tience slipping, however; he may kill Justinian and seek
another pupil.

Mahatma does not hesitate to destroy any unwelcome
additions to the city's population, although he never does so
directly. He has networks of spies and contacts among the
mortal population who do this work for him. He does not
want tosee the Inquisition follow indiscreet Cainites into his
city.

Now, Mahatma observes and rarely interferes. He qui-
etly supports the Ventrue Prince Mustafa through his advisor,
the Toreador Nakshidil. Specifically, he has Justinian watch
her. Mahatma tutors Justinian through dreams and visions in
the ways of the Inconnu and hopes eventually to reveal more
tohim. Justinian's duties also include watching for those who
truly seek Golconda and bringing them to Mahatma's atten-
tion. It should be noted that the Inconnu often poses as
Justinian's sire.

Image: Mahatma never shows his true appearance to
others. He often appears as a young mortal man of great
beauty, a physically perfect specimen of manhood, almost
akin to Michelangelo's "David" come to life. He has alabaster
skin and long, black hair, which falls straight down his back.
When he shows this face, Mahatma prefers to follow mortal
fashion trends. When he feels penitent, he shows the face of
a particularly hideous Nosferatu, acrawl with lice, ticks and
other unsavory creatures and dressed in the stinking rags of a
leper.

Roleplaying Hints: Conceal yourself from the Kindred
and their constant questions. You don't have the time to deal
with curiosity seekers who lack commitment. When you do
find individuals who are worthy of salvation, you send Justin-
ian to contact them before you make any final determination
regarding their fate. Kindred who do not measure up are
destroyed. You love to spend time in Istanbul's Kumkapi
district nightclubs in an attempt to connect with mortals.
Even so, you are frustrated by the weight of centuries that
separates you from them. When you desire isolation, you visit
the Topkapi museum and castle, which encompasses
Byzantion's original boundaries. One night each week, the
castle is closed to the public so that you alone may enjoy its
splendor and the memories it brings you.

Clan: Unknown

Sire: Laodice

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 4th

Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 6, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy
4, Intimidation 5, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Performance 3, Stealth 5, Survival 5

Charrer Tree

99


Knowledges: Academics 5, Finance 3, Investigation 4, Lin-
guistics 6, Occult 5, Politics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 8, Dominate 6, Fortitude 5, Mortis 6
(see Vampire: The Dark Ages), Obeah 7, Obfuscate 8,
Potence 3, Presence 7, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Influence 6, Resources 6,
Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 9

Willpower: 9

DOonpINNI, MONITOR OF GENOA

Background: "It's the quiet ones you have to watch out
for," or so the saying goes. Although the Camarilla pays little
attention to Italy's principal port of Genoa, Dondinni, the
resident monitor, knows something is wrong in his city. He
happens to be the fourth monitor in residence at Genoain the
past millennium, and he is the only one to have survived so
long. Dondinniis also highly unorthodox fora member of the
Inconnu. His outspoken manner and his crusade against
vampires whom he believes to be "tools of the Antediluvians"
may risk his position within the Inconnu.

Dondinni came from Genoa during the Dark Ages. He
recalls those hard nights like a man tasting ash; the central
tule of Rome was gone, chaos gripped the countryside, and
monsters sated their bloodthirsty appetites on the frightened
populace. Dondinni called it Hell then, but now he knows it
was but a shadow of coming Gehenna.

Asa mortal peasant, Dondinni proved adept at survival
and hiding, two qualities that brought him to the attention of
the Genoese Nosferatu. These creatures needed mortal help
as much as Dondinni needed their assistance to survive. He
agreed to be their eyes by day, watching out for mortal agents
of their enemies, whereas they offered him food and a place

to sleep. Never mind that the food was cooked rat, or the
shelter a dank, abandoned cistern; it was still sanctuary from
the beasts roaming the long nights. The relationship worked
so well that the Nosferatu probably never planned to Em-
brace Dondinni. Instead, they ghouledhim to better withstand
the ravages of disease and time. Dondinni lived centuries
beyond his natural span, enduring the curses of both Cainite
and mortal domains.

Dondinni never wanted to become Nosferatu, but fate
dictated otherwise. When Pope Urban II called fora Crusade
to free Jerusalem from the "infidels," the effort drew devout
kineandCainitesalike. The Genoese NosferatusentDondinni
ahead of the first Crusaders to warn a handful of Nosferatu
allies in Sidon and Tyre. Despite the hardships of the journey,
Dondinni succeeded in his task several weeks before the
second wave of crusaders swept through the region (the first
wave perished in Anatolia). He even returned with the
Nosferatu Hauzal, an ally of the Genoese.

When Hauzal and Dondinni arrived Genoa, they found
the resident Nosferatu destroyed. Something had ravaged
Dondinni's allies. Only streaks of dried vitae and piles of cold
ash remained. Hauzal and Dondinni fled from Genoa that
same night; centuries would pass before either returned.
During this period, Dondinni served Hauzal in Madrid and
eventually accepted the Embrace. As the years wore on and
the Sabbat and Camarilla formed, however, Hauzal remained
hidden and neutral. He advised Dondinni to do the same.
Centuries after Dondinni's Embrace, Hauzal finally told
Dondinni he was Inconnu, and another two centuries passed
before the Inconnu admitted Dondinni into their ranks.

Dondinniis one of the youngest members of the Inconnu
and often considered brash and arrogant by his superiors.
Still, his skill as an observer is hard to dismiss. Given his
knowledge of Genoa, he was the natural choice as the city's
new monitor. In this role, Dondinni makes no secret of his
efforts to uncover the fate of the Genoese Nosferatu 900 years
ago, but the more he learns about Genoa, the less he under-
stands. Dondinni's three Inconnu predecessors suffered the
same brutal fate that befell the region's Nosferatu. The
Kindred of Genoa remain quiet in Italy's fractured political
arena, as if avoiding undue attention. In many ways, they act
more like frightened prey than like vampires. Dondinni
believes something makes its home beneath Genoa, but any
theories he might have are exactly that: theories.

Dondinni has not found any proof apart from the de-
stroyed vampires that some force is afoot. The young monitor
has also been digging deeper into ancient records and ar-
chives, as well as formulating theories about Gehenna and
the proliferation of minor bloodlines as an omen (in particu-
lar, the Daughters of Cacophony, whom he believes are tools
of the Antediluvians). Dondinni has even suggested trying to
guide sects such as the Sabbat to do the Inconnu's dirty work.
Naturally, this notion triggered an Inconnu backlash despite
Dondinni's unswerving loyalty to Hauzal and his superiors.

CHiupReN oF THe NicHT

100

Now, the Inconnu question Dondinni's ability to remain
neutral... and Dondinni debates with himself nightly as to
whether or not neutrality is the best policy.

Image: Dondinni suffers the disfiguring curse of all
Nosferatu. His uneven teeth jut from his mouth as if trying to
escape, and his eyes protrude like those of a frog. Dondinni's
skin is pulled taut over his frame, revealing individual bones
and thin, stringy muscles. Most of his hair has fallen out, with
only random strands left intact. He moves like a hunter,
never facing straight but always sideways. He looks around
constantly, and his eyes never stop darting from side to side.

Roleplaying Hints: You are loyal to the Inconnu, but its
members' actions frustrate you. They cannot remain hidden
and still hope to win against the Antediluvian threat. The
Camarilla is too petty, the Sabbat too divided and the
Inconnu too removed to stop Gehenna. Rather than betray-
ing your elders, however, you abide by their decisions but
continue to crusade for what you believe is right.

Clan: Nosferatu
Sire: Hauzal
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Survivor
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1132

Apparent Age: varies

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Empathy
4, Interrogation 3, Intrigue 4, Leadership 2, Scrounging 4,
Search 4, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Firearms 2, Melee (staff) 4, Security 3,
Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 1, Area Knowledge (Genoa) 5,
Bureaucracy 3, Camarilla Lore 3, City Secrets (Genoa) 4,
Expert Knowledge: Inconnu Lore 3, Investigation 5, Linguis-
tics (French, Latin) 2, Occult 4, Politics 5, Research 4, Sabbat
Lore 3

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 2,
Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 7, Potence 6, Protean 4, Vicissitude 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Herd 2, Mentor 3,
Resources 2, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 9

Derangements: Phobia: fire (Dondinni fears fire more than
the average Kindred; his difficulty for Rétschreck rolls is
always 10)

Willpower: 7


concfauves, covens and councils
In the world of the Kindred, vampires lurk behind every
shadow, planning their machinations and watching their prey.
But who watches the watchers? Powerful Kindred from all
sects and none move among their peers, protecting the
Masquerade, interpreting the Traditions of Caine, leading the
Sabbat against the Antediluvians or subtly pulling strings
] behind the scenes. Who are the most feared and most powerful
vampires in the World of Darkness?

Immortal eulf unvelfed

Children of the Night details fully the heavy hitters of
Vampire's World of Darkness. Included are the justicars and
many archons of the Camarilla, as well as key princes, bishops,
pack priests, Sabbat cardinals and prisci, and an inscrutable
Inconnu or two.

chifdren of the night Includes:

¢ The most powerful and influential Kindred in the World
of Darkness

¢ Numerous character-driven story hooks for political
chronicles, Gehenna chronicles and everything in between

¢ Characters from the Camarilla, Sabbat and independent
clans, as well as the mysterious Inconnu

Ne

evar]

THE [JASQUERADE

—s

WE STUDIO

>
