# File: Children Of The Inquisition.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

‘wis Children of the

#= INQUISITION

Prepare yourself for a \
; enocking journey into
the. depths. of immortal
eyil.. The living dead f
"havelwalked among
usfoncenturies; their ‘. &
humanity.
st Wars. Now
leararthe sectets of
themost polverful
vampires, and tfie
origins of their ancient.
hatred.


From the ashes of Hell arise the darkest angels

By Dan Greenberg

Contents

Introduction ............. 5

Vlad Tepes, Dracula ...9

i) eee) 21
RGWSh) castes stem ga series 25
Vasantasera .........4..- 29
Rafael de Corazon...... 35
Grahane' ssees00 2 esteazs 39
Lambach ..............4- 43
Montano ...........06605 47
OUS wee seeccenl eeceniens 51
Durga Syn... se. cee eeee 55
Genera is see czesees 59
Jalan-Aajav ............. 63
Dominique .............. 67
Lexicon swciscapens axcxeats 70

Childien pe che Taquisipn 3


Cain slew Abel, Seth knew not why
For if the children of Israel were to multiply
Why must any of the children die?

— Randy Newman, "God's Song"


INTRODUCTION —

You may have met them — suave, harsh, cool, wild, brash or
savage. But never dull. And always dangerous.

They are vampires. And they are very real. This is their story —a
story fraught with falsehoods and outright lies.

The Damned

‘Any mortal bitten by a vampire is doomed to die and become a vampire
in tum.

Falsehood. If this were true, the world's undead would quickly
outnumber the world's living. A vampire usually takesa small quantity
of blood from a vietim and releases him alive and without memory of
the incident. To create a new vampire, the undead must drain the
victim to the point of death and then feed the victim a dose of itsown
blood.

‘Vampires have powerful supernatural abilities; they can turn into
animals, control people and disappear into mist.

Truth. However, not all vampires have the same powers. Super-
natural gifts and power levels vary tremendously according to clan and
age. Vampires usually control humans through their Discipline of
Domination, or by offering them power. They control other vampires
through the Blood Bond, a mystical infatuation induced when one
vampire feeds its blood to anothér vampire three times in succession.

‘Vampires can only feed on human blood.

Falsehood. Vampires can subsist on animal blood, and can also
consume the blood of other vampires. As vampires become very old,
even human blood loses its allure, and regular consumption of other
vampires' blood is required to stay "alive." This is a source of great
conflict between the vampire generations.

Garlic and crosses stop a vampire, anda stake through the heart kills it.

Lie. Vampires gleefully promote nostrums like these. Garlic and
crosses have no effect on vampires, though a wizard may use herbs ina
spell to fight a vampire, and a holy person may use a religious symbol to
focus divine wrath. A stake through the heart only paralyzes a vampire
To fully destroy a vampire, one must decapitate it or utterly destroy the
body. Before a vampire dies, it goes into a'state of suspended animation.
called torpor. Very old yampires whose blood has thinned also go into
torpor.

There are no such things as vampires. They're myths.

Lie. That's what they want you to think.

Ae RR Oe

"ia aie


The World of Blood

Behind'our cheerful world of bright morning colors lies another
world: A world of silence, shadows and sudden screams. A world of
vampires.

Perhaps you know‘one.

You met her at night: Her presence was intoxicating, exciting,
disturbing, unsettling and frightening all at once. Afterward you felt
disoriented, lightheaded, uneasy. And exhausted. Always so very tired
afterward. Drained. Maybe you felt cheap. Mistreated. Used. But you also
felt exhilarated. Like you wanted more: If you could only remember what
happened...

You might have met a vampire.

Many of us haye. They are far more common than we believe. And
they have been with us since the very beginning. But they haven't always
been so discreet:

Children of Caine

Vampires lurk in every comer of the earth. They call themselves the
Kindred, and they trace their lineage back to the dawn of man and the
third human — Caine.

After the Fall from the Garden of Eden, Caine slew his brother Abel:
The first murderer, cursed to wander the earth forever, could no longer
derive sustenance from food, but had to live off the death of his brethren.
Blood was his crime, and blood his legacy.

He created three children; his childer, who bore his curse. They too
sired children, usually numbered at thirteen, before Caine looked upon
theiracts with horror and forbade further progeny. The first vampire then
founded.a great city of mortals, which fell in.a terrible cataclysm. The
thirteen' childer of the third generation, now called Antediluvians,
escaped Caine's control and each founded a great clan. The creation of
subsequent generations, each weaker than the last, allowed the immortal
Antediluyians great control over their offspring.

Anarch War

Caine's blood thinned over the millennia and he fell into a state of
supernatural sleep called torpor. The clans of Caine spread over the earth
unchecked and tyrannized the world.

When vampiric abuse of mortal civilizations grew too oppressive,
humans rose up to overthrow their tormentors. But human society rarely,
has a memory longer than a lifetime, and the immortal vampires always
stole back into power.

The Kindred have ravaged the whole world, fighting each other for
power and niling over human kingdoms with undead fury. Clan has
battled clan for territory, and young vampires, called anarchs, have fought
theold vampires, called elders. Atstake:nothing less than the right toself-
determination and power over mortal society.

The anarchs ‘discovered a ‘terrible secret. If they could kill ‘and
consume an elder, they could absorb his power. They attacked their
progenitors whenever they could, and inter-generation warfare decimated
the clans. They even consumed powerful Antediluvians.


cee
The Inquisition

By the Middle Ages, vampires flaunted their power over mortals'
lives with impunity. They brazenly terrorized the fearful, superstitious
people of the world. However, such could not go on forever. Mortals
rose up in an organized Inquisition, determined to flush outand destroy
the monsters. Hundreds of vampires fell in the fiery, apocalyptic
slaughter that followed. The Kindred and their mortal allies managed
to save themselves by tricking the Inquisition into attacking the poor
and powerless. Hundreds of thousands of innocent mortals perished in
the ensuing crusades and "witch trials."

But though the vampires survived, they were never the same again.
Tom apart by mortals from withoutand anarchs from within, the clans
had to band together to avoid destruction. Seven clans joined together
im an organization known as the Camarilla, and hid from humanity
behind a great Masquerade. They pretended to be mortals, and taught
mortals to embrace cold science and reject intuition and superstition.
Soon most mortals believed vampires were nothing more than myths.

The remaining clans of anarchs, who had succeeded in killing
elders and Antediluvians alike, formed the Camarilla's primary rival,
the brutal. sece known as the Sabbat. A group of elder, independent
vampires, disgusted with Camarilla and Sabbat alike, formed the
mysterious sect known as the Inconnu in order to seek Golconda, a
state of grace and salvation for vampires. But to gain power the would-
be transcendentalists bargained with a demon, and soon must face the
bitter consequences.

The Present

Today, most vampires have chosen their side in this epic struggle.
Onone side stands the Camarilla, composed of the Brujah, Gangrel,
Malkavians, Nosferatu, Toreador, Tremere and Ventrue. While it
ostensibly includesall vampires, only a few independents have joined.
On the other side is the Sabbat, made up primarily of Lasombra and
Teimisce vampires, though ir also includes a large number of antitribus,
or vampires of Camarilla clans who have changed sides.

Watching from the sidelines are the independent vampires. Most
famous of these are the members of the Inconnu, those vampires
powerful enough tostayalive without joining any side, Also remaining
free are the Assamites, Followers of Set; Giovanni and Ravnos.

The End

Vampire scholars fear an impending apocalypse, which they refer
to.as Gehenna. On the eve of Gehenna,'the learned whisper, the
Antedilavians will arise to consume their wayward progeny. Even the
elders fear that-fateful night, and though many Kindred consider
Gehenna a myth, recent signs and omens point to its rapid approach.

Here, then, are the stories of thirteen vampires who radically
changed the shape of history during the time of the Inquisition.

2 eee

ji



VLAD TEPES:
DRACULA

Member of the Ancient Inconnu

And when we fell together, all our
flesh was like a veil

That I had to draw aside to see the
serpent eat its.tail.

Some women wait for Jesus, and
some women wait for Cain,

So] hang upon my altar, and I hoist
my axe again.

And [ take the ‘one who finds me back
to where it all began,

When Jesus was the honeymoon, and
Gain was just a man.

And we read from pleasant Bibles
that aré bound in blood and skin,

That the wilderness is gathering all
its children back again:

—Leonard Cohen, "Last Year'sMan"

No horror story
chillsusto the mar-
row like the myth
of Dracula. Every-
thing we consider
wicked, perverse
and frightfully se-
ductive lurks
behind his regal
bearing and fanged
smile. Most people
think the vampire
Dracula ‘existed
onlyinfiction. Very
F] few know he was a
real flesh'and blood
= prince who ruled in

¢0¢ 22 [Transylvania dur-
= ing the age of the
Crusades, and thathe ended the lives ofa
hundred thousand people. Fewer still are
aware of his continued existence, or that
he wields greater power in undeath than
he ever did in life.

The Impaler Prince

To primitive people, Dracula is a chilling fable used to frighten and discipline
children. To civilized people, Dracula isa cheap entertainmentused to frighten and thrill
adults. Those few people who are familiar with the historical life of the enigmatic Prince
Vlad Dracula scoff at the notion that he became a vampire. Even some of Vlad's fellow
vampires consider the Dracula story to be a mere fable. That's exactly the way Dracula
likes it. He's hiding in plain sight:

The Dracula legend is gruesome indeed. Eyewitnesses called him Vlad Tepes (tsep-
esch), or Vlad the Impaler, and accused him of killing tens of thousands of innocent
people in ghastly public executions during the high Middle Ages. Accounts of his
atrocities surfaced in Russia, Turkey, Germany, Hungary and his native Romania.
Superstitious people around the world gleefully spread tales of his bloodlust, his fondness
forslow deaths, hisblood drinkingand the macabre humor with which the vampire prince
carried out his executions. Alllof itis true, except for one minor detail. His bloodthirsty
tortures all occurred before he became a vampire.

The rest of the Dracula legend is factual. The Wallachian prince Vlad cruelly
tortured and impaled tens of thousands of people on blunt stakes during his bloody reign
in the lands near Transylvania. After his death, he became one of the greatest and most
influential of all vampires. Indeed, he dared challenge the supremacy of the ancient
progenitor vampires, the Antediluvians, and became their potent enemy. Few vampires
beside Vlad have been a member of the Camarilla, the Sabbat and the mysterious
Inconnu.

Though the Germans, Hungarians, Russians and Turks concur Dracula was the most
vile ofrulersand a butcher prince, hisnative Romaniansstill speak of him with reverence,
calling him aman of utmost honor. This devotion has baffled scholars, who pointout that
Dracula was justas likely to impale whole towns of his own people ashe was to torture the
Turks against whom he fought. Vampires and the few mortals in whom Dracula has
confided share the same high respect for him, speaking in glowing tones of his great honor
and ethical conduct.

Tounderstand these contradictions, we must look at the times during which Dracula

ruled as a prince and as a powerful vampire. We must examine the sactifices necessary

to protect a tiny nation trapped between two colossal watring empires, and the sacrifices

necessary to protect a tiny,planet caught in the grip of powerful, invisible, ancient evil.
Bloodthirsty butcher or honorable gentleman? Or both?

Viad's life, death, unlife and motivations past and présent have been shrouded in
mystery. Until now.
We shed some light into his romb.


The Dragon's Tale

Prince Vlad Dracula, second son of Vlad Dracul, ruled the
realm of Wallachia in southern Transylvania (now known as
Romania) during the fifteenth century. The Holy Roman Em-
peror Sigismund invested both father and son with membership
in the secret monastic and military organization called the Order
of the Dragon. This secret society gave the elder Vlad the surname
Dracul (Romanian for Dragon) and charged him with fighting the
enemies of the Church, both natural and supernatural. Vlad
called his sons Dracula: son of the Dragon, or little Dragon. Only
later in life would the younger Vlad earn the name Tepes — the
Impaler.

In those dark times, only the fragile states of Serbia, Bulgaria
and Transylvania stood between the Christian Holy Roman
Empire to the north and east and the Islamic Ottoman Empire to
the south and west. Life in this vulnerable no-man's land was
always dangerous and more than slightly schizophrenic. The
Turkish sultans constantly pressured the Transylvanian rulers to

The Elder Dragon

convert to Islam, while the Christian kings demanded the
Transylvanians defend the faith and act as a fire wall against the
sweeping religious inferno to the south.

Fear, instability and constant violence filled this fragile
border kingdom as both empires resorted to treachery, assassina-
tion and outright conquest to claim the strategically vital land in
Transylvania. Wallachian rulers constantly faced bad optionsand
no-win situations. To further complicate matters, the tiny nation
bordered the Orthodox Christian east and the Catholic west, and
often felt the heat of the intense feud between the two rival
Christian factions. The local Germanic boyar nobles clung tena-
ciously to power in Wallachia, and constantly undercut the
traditional authority of the prince. Meanwhile, all these forces
were caught in the crossfire of various covert wars fought by
vampire clans, who used nobles, clergy, princes, kingsand nations
as pawns. Few princes lasted long here. By the fifteenth century,
Transylvania was a bubbling cauldron ready to erupt in fury.

Viad's grandfather, Mircea the Great, ruled in Wallachia as
prince and voevode (warlord) for a record thirty-two years.
Againstall odds, and against the wishes of the boyars, he repelled
the powerful Turkish invaders by unifying his people and building
a chain of strategically placed fortresses across Romania. Acting
on information from the mysterious vampire Durga Syn, he
flushed out and killed some anarch vampires of the Tzimisce clan
who had been terrorizing his villagers.

Asnearby Serbia and Bulgaria began to fall to the encroach-
ingTurks, he petitioned the powerful Holy Roman Empire tosend
crusaders. However, the meager forces the Christians sent were

The Father Dragon

unseasoned and refused to take advice from Mircea and his
experienced legions. Serbia and Bulgaria fell, and the Christians
suffered losses so catastrophic that the Holy Roman Emperor gave
up on protecting his southern border, instead focusing his re-
sources on fighting heretics within Western Europe.

Mircea tenaciously fought on alone and held his throne
without the help of the Empire he defended. In the end, he was
forced to pay tribute to the sultan, but unlike Serbia and Bulgaria,
feisty Wallachia kept its religion, power, throne and lands.

After Mircea died, the difficult task of ruling Wallachia fell
to his son, Vlad Dracul, Dracula's father. Dracul ascended to the
throne of a land abandoned by Christians and under constant
assault by Turks. He had to squander a lot of precious time and
energy squabbling with the boyar nobles over policy as they
maneuvered to control more state functions. He also made war on
the Tzimisce vampires who plagued the countryside, rooting them
out of their secret lairs and impaling them. He received some
support from his fellow members of the Order of the Dragon, as
wellas from Durga Syn, but Europe complacently ignored the "less
civilized" kingdoms on its extreme border.

The Holy Roman Empire's official representative in the area
was Hungarian regent John Hunyadi. Though he crusaded more
for money than for ideals, Europeans considered him the greatest
crusader of the day, and he controlled the resources of the Empire
in the war against the Turks. Hunyadi disliked the rightful
Wallachian leader and wanted to put his own puppet on Vlad

Dracul'sthrone. Thus, whilehe promised tosupport the Wallachian
prince, Hunyadi instead did nothing, leaving Dracul to slowly
twist in the wind as the Turks seized each of Mircea's fortress.

The armies of Sultan Murad II closed their jaws around
Transylvania, brutally slaughtering all the peasants they found.
Finding himself alone against the Moslems he had sworn to
destroy, Dracula's father made a pact with the Turks. Wishing to
spare his people the agony of utter destruction, the wily Vlad
Dracul agreed to help conquer his own people. He and the very
young Dracula rode with the Turks as they massacred, looted and
burned their way into Wallachia.

But Dracul outfoxed the sultan, attacking the least loyal areas
of Transylvania and allowing the townspeople to surrender rather

* chan be carried off into Turkish slavery. While tying up a huge part

of the sultan's army in pointless raids against small villages, Vlad
secretly directed his eldest son, Mircea the Younger, to lead


lightning strikes against important Turkish positions. The young
man successfully reclaimed the entire line of vital Transylvanian
fortresses built by his grandfather.

AsTurkish conquests of Transylvanian villages left Wallachia
more firmly in Christian control than ever before, the sultan
began to question Vlad Dracul's loyalty. In 1444, he summoned
the prince and his three sons to partake of the hospitality of his
court. Vlad smelled a trap, but felt he could outsmart the sultan.
He left Mitcea at home, knowing his eldest son could continue to
rule if he was executed.

Just as Dracul suspected, the sultan ambushed the prince and
his two young sons, and took them prisoner. Murad allowed the
chastised Dracul to return, but held the boys as hostages to ensure
Viad's loyalty. Dracula was only eleven.

During Dracul's times of trouble, the greatest Christian
crusader had done very little. The Pope and the people of Europe
called for Hunyadi to unfurl the forces of Christendom. However,
rather than feeling bolstered by Wallachia's successful recon-
quests, Hunyadi took Dracul's victories as sharp and painful
reminders of his own inaction. When he could no longer hold out
against the pressure, he finally planned a major crusade.

Hunyadi assembled an army he though sufficientand left the
safety of Hunedoara Castle to mount the Varna Campaign.
Hoiwever, when he brought his troops to Wallachia, an appalled
Vlad Dracul admonished him, pointing out that "the sultan goes
hunting with more troops."

Nonetheless, Vlad disregarded his own judgment and the
advice ofa mysterious old soothsayer, and sent his son Mircea the
Younger with five thousand troops. Despite Mircea's brilliant
tactics (including the first Romanian use of cannon), the outnum-
bered Christian army was slaughtered.

Mircea helped the beaten Hunyadi retreat to safety, but then
demanded that the regent be held accountable for his tactical
blunders. The courts agreed and sentenced Hunyadi to death. But
the powerful Hunyadi used his high connections to revoke the
sentence. He contacted Dracula's cousin, Vladislav II of the
Danesti family, and promised to make him prince in Wallachia if
Vladislav would kill Prince Dracul.

Vladislav dispatched assassins to ambush and kill Vlad and
Mircea while they were fighting Turks. However, the assassins
failed to get near the prince until some Tzimisce vampires offered
to help

Teimisce Kindred, who hated Dracul because of his successful
vampire slayings, used supernatural powers to hunt the prince and
his son. Working with the Danesti, the undead captured Mircea
the Younger and buried him alive, but the elder Vlad eluded his
pursuers long enough to create a secret legacy.

He bundled up his Order of the Dragon medallion, the
Toledo blade given to him by the Emperor Sigismund, andaletter,
and gave the relics to a loyal supporter. He commanded the
villager to deliver the package to his heir. Within hours, the
assassins caught the elder Vlad in the marshesand killed him. The
Trimisce, acting though Hunyadi, placed Vladislav II on the
throne of Wallachia, believing the family of Mircea the Great
exterminated,

ChildgdoPthe Inguisition # 4


Son of the Dragon

The cowardly assassination of the wise, daring and unde-
feated voevode shook the Christian world, butthe sultan received
the news with glee. Hunyadi had disposed of the only ruler ever
tooutfox him, installinga weak and incompetent pretender in his
stead.

In case Vladislav showed any spine, Murad began to groom
Dracul's heirs to serves puppetrulers. He had some ofthe greatest
scholars in the world educate the boys in statecraft, science,
languages, Turkish battle tactics and ancient Greek philosophy.
Vlad Dracula was especially impressed by the philosophy of the
Cynics, whoheld thathuman conductis motivated wholly by self-
interest. He also learned the mysterious ways of the Sufis and
other holy mystics of the Arab world, who taught the opposite
point of view.

His unique position in court gave him an ideal vantage point
to assess the politics of the Ottoman Empire and determine who
really controlled the land. He saw how powerful vampires of the
Assamite clan manipulated weak men and thus controlled the
important affairs of state. Only the enlightened mystics seemed to
clearly understand the extent of the vampire clans' influence.

Dracula's studies sustained him through the ordeal of his
captivity and abandonment. He refused to be swayed to the
sultan's cause and routinely terrorized his captors, who were
forbidden to punish him. By contrast, Dracul's younger son Radu
enjoyed the opulence of their gilded imprisonment. He relished
the refinements of the sultan's court and became very Turkish in
outlook. He especially savored the royal harem, considered a
wicked extravagance by Christendom.

Though Radu would have madea more subservient ruler, the
sultan decided that retaking the Wallachian throne required
Vlad's ferocity and strong leadership. He released the twenty-
year-old prince with an Islamic retinue to reclaim his rightful
throne. Vlad triumphed over the usurperand ascended the throne
in 1448, ruling as an Islamic puppet.

The Dragon Coils

Loyalists soon informed him Hunyadi's assassins were com-
ing to kill him. After only two months on the Wallachian throne
he fled north to Moldavia, where he found asylum with royal
relatives. Hunyadi put the Danesti pretender back on the
Wallachian throne, and the exiled Vlad continued his studies
under the tutelage of learned Christian monks. This exposed
Dracula to the humanist culture of the Renaissance, which was
emerging in Europe, and the secret lore of Christian mystics.

During Vlad's self-imposed exile, his father's loyal supporter
found him, and bestowed upon the young prince the Order of the
Dragon medallion, sword and letter. The letter revealed many
secrets of ruling the Wallachian state, including vital information
on the Christians, Moslems, Gypsies and Tzimisces; the letter
even revealed the locations of secret vampiric lairs. The elder
Dracul revealed to his son that the Order of the Dragon knew
much secret lore about fighting evil spirits like vampires.

Dracul wrote, "Seek you the council of the vampiress Durga
Syn. Only she, among all the devil's children, loves the land as I
do. Yield not to the boyars, the Mohammedeans, nor the vampire
Teimisces, for none have Love for you. Rather, resist themall, and
employ one against the other in the name of your People ... To
ascend the Throne in Wallachia is to ascend the Cross. Those
who do not willingly accept the sacrifice find only torture there.

"Though agony was mine to betray my sons to the Sultan, |
gladly sacrificed you and your brother to the Throne that is the
Cross. If you would not employ your own family so, the Throne
will destroy you. But if you understand why this was done, and
done joyfully, you will flourish on the Throne of Thoms. And if
you willingly sacrifice all you have, all you are, andall you believe
to the Cross, you will have life everlasting."

His letter instructed Vlad to purify himself, ally with a
powerful patron, visit the Order of the Dragon, and reclaim his
throne. Vlad swore on the relics of rule that he would do so, and
avenge his father's murder.

Back in Wallachia, Hunyadi's usurper prince Vladislav II was
unprepared for the agonizing strain of ruling the bloody border
kingdom, and fared badly. A few years of pressure from the sultan
cracked him like an egg, and he tumed from Christian toady to
pro-Turkish vassal. Even the local boyarsran roughshod overhim,
taking more control than they were due.

Asthe Christian world grew dissatisfied with the Wallachian
pretender, Dracula took a risk worthy of his father. He left his
peaceful Moldavian asylum and fought his way to Hunedoara
Castle. He survived ambushes and assassins to reach the court of
the most powerful Christian leader in the region. To the shock of
the Christian world, he pledged his unswerving loyalty to John
Hunyadi, murderer of his father. -

Who's Wheater

Viad's sly gambit paid off handsomely. His courage and
daring impressed Hunyadi's timid court like nothing before. The
aging Hunyadi's failures had cost him his regency over Hungary,
and he sorely needed strong followers. He wanted a bold ward
more than he wanted further revenge on the Dracul family, so he
took in the young prince and schooled him in the ways of Western
warfare and anti-Turkish tactics.

Dracula leamed three importantsecrets during his tutelage at
Hunyadi's court. He mastered the hit-and-run guerrilla warfare
strategies of the Protestant heretics, and learned techniques for
making armored battle wagons, the tactical use of which eerily
resembled modem tank warfare. Dracula, an expert in Islamic
battle tactics, eagerly absorbed these two Christian crusader
strategies.


The third secret was information about the immortal vam-
pires who controlled much of the destiny of mortal men. In secret
talks with Gypsies and captured heretics, he learned many of the
customs and powers of the Tzimisce clan. Hunyadi's men dis-
missed such stories as superstitious ravings, but Vlad trusted his
father's word. He leamed alll he could abour the newly formed
Camarilla and Sabbat from old Romanian sages.

He made several important pilgrimages across Europe in
search of occult knowledge. He even went as far as the ancient
court of Byzantium seeking lore about the ubiquitous vampires.
When he learned all he could from outside sources, he made
pilgrimage to the Order of the Dragon chapel in the imperial
fortress at Nuremberg.

The Dragon Reigns

He joined the twenty-three other members of the inner
circle, pledging to protect Christendom from the forces of the
devil. From that day on he wore the dragon medallion, showing
adragon swallowing its own tail, crucified on a double cross. Vlad
received the three cloaks of the order: green for the dragon's
scales, red for the blood of martyrs, and black for the mystery of
Chrrist's passion, all of which he wore proudly.

After five years as ward to Hunyadi, Vlad mastered every-
thing his mentor could teach him and made secret preparations to
reclaim his heritage. Less than two weeks after Hunyadi's sudden
death, Vlad assaulted Vladislav II and seized the Wallachian
throne.

The twenty-five-year-old prince and voevode lost no time
consolidating power in Transylvania. His father tried toserve two
masters and wound up serving none. Vlad was determined to
avoid that fate, instead pledging fealty tonone buthimselfand the
Romanian people. Moving with relentless speed, he solidified his
alliances with important officials in the Christian west, paid
tribute to the sultan, stirred rebellion against the Turks along his
borders, and whipped his army into shape.

A\ll the forces around him, from the emperor to the sultan to
the local boyars to the Tzimisces, all looked hungrily on the
untested young prince. His most immediate threat came from
within. The boyar nobles, upset at the thought of a strong-willed
voevode on the throne, created the same problems they caused for
his father and grandfather. They had spent generations gaining
more and more power by pitting Dracul's family against the
Danestis, and were eager to start whittling away at Vlad.

But Dracula did not wait for them to inflict their death of a
thousand cuts. He moved quickly to flush out and kill the
members of Vladislav I's private amy and any male heir who
could one day make a claim to the throne. In one such attack, he
seized a castle outside of his lands through subterfuge and turned
it over to the Turks, since he could not defend it. These violent
moves took the entire court by surprise and sobered local politics
considerably.

While the court was off balance, Vlad built a powerful
military force of mercenaries loyal only to him. He hired men of
all ethnic groups — even Turks and Gypsies — and demanded
they cooperate with one another. He instructed them in the ways
of Christian and Moslem combat, and taught them the art of
vampire slaying. He conscripted the best of these into an elite
unit, his trusted "Axes," and turned them into master impalers.

When the boyars mounted a challenger to Dracula's rule and
sent a private army against him, Dracula ambushed the usurpers
and killed them all. Then he called the guilty boyars in for an
Easter feast, dined them in grand style, and asked them how many
Wallachian princes they could remember. Some remembered as
many as thirty. Dracula blamed the rapid attrition of princes on
the boyars' "shameful intrigues." He called for his Axes, who
impaled all the older boyars and their wives and manacled the

young ones.

Vlad's forces marched the young boyars to the mount
where he commanded them to build Castle Dracula. Their fine
clothes shredded to rags, they worked until they died. Vlad filled
the sudden vacancies in the nobility with his most loyal troops,
elevating commoners to exalted, landed positions. He installed
more free peasants as nobles than any other ruler. The remaining
boyars never quite recovered from the audacity of this move, but
exhibited far greater loyalty.

The castle, a masterpiece of defensive engineering which
includeda secret tunnel to the mountains, expressly violated prior
treaties with the emperor and the sultan, who forbade vassals to
defend themselves against their lords. Like his grandfather Mircea
the Great, Dracula built a line of walls and fortresses to brace
against the coming storm from the Islamic south. He also built
small mountain fortresses in hidden locations and stocked them
with provisions.

He won the loyalty of the local clergy with his generosity and
love of ritual. He tithed large donations, founded monasteries
(complete with torture chambers and secret escape tunnels), and
always gave his impaled victims Christian burials. He made sure
not to challenge the Tzimisce vampires yet, but sent his Axes to
spy on their activities. He also sent riders in search of the
vampiress Durga Syn, but could not find her.

In court, Dracula was a strong ruler — decisive and unyield-
ing. His commanding ways won the direct loyalty of his troops, his
household and the Romanian people, who saw a lot of his
grandfather and father in him. He made the welfare of his people
ahigh priority, knowing he would need their blessing ifhe was to
survive and flourish.

With his power base at home more secure, Vlad turned to
foreign affairs. He saw the throne as a mad machine that crushed
and tore princes apart with conflicting loyalties. But Vlad heeded
his father's advice and knew what to expect. He used his loyal
retinue to ferret out the spies of the Holy Roman Empire, Otto-
mah Empire and Wallachian nobility, and made sure to feed the
spies plenty of false information. He received vital intelligence on
their plots from his spies and from his fellows in the Order of the
Dragon, many of whom were princes and heads of state.


Vlad knew each power group would seek to make him its
vassal and resolved to stand against them all. Rather than prepare
to resist the inevitable pressure they would exert on him, he
turned the tables on them all, making immediate demands on
them. When their diplomats refused to comply, as he knew they
would, he had them killed in merciless, bicarre and darkly humor-
ous executions. This gave him an instant reputation as a strong
leader and a man not to be tifled with.

When the Germans sent forty young men to Wallachia to
"learn the Romanian language," Dracula asked them why they
traveled all the way to Wallachia when they could learn Roma-

14, Who's WhoAmon:

nian in Hungary or the parts of Transylvania that border on their
lands. They could give no convincing answer, so Dracula had
them all impaled as spies.

German Saxons in Wallachia rose up to overthrow Vlad, so
he led a series of retaliatory raids on the Saxon holdings and
impaled every villager he found.

The more his enemies closed in on him, the more elaborate
the tortures became. A rival Danesti named Prince Dan Ill
marched a private army into Dracula's lands and commanded the
people to rise up against Vlad, whom he accused of selling out to
the Turks. But the Romanian people were loyal to Dracula for his


refusal to pay tribute to the sultan, and the revolt failed. Dracula
had Dan III dig his own grave while a priest read a mass for the
dead.

Dracula's final rival for the throne was Vlad the Monk.
Dracula put German monasteries to the torch to flush him outand
impaled the entire town that was hiding the monk.

Alll this led to the most important confrontation yet — not
with the Turks, but with the vampires. Dracula knew disguised
Teimisce vampires roamed freely in his court, trying to put Danesti
rulers on the throne. He kept an eye on the vampires, but did not
let them know he knew their secret. -

When a young man who fought with the strength of ten men
and shrugged off wounds from swords interrupted a late-night
impaling session in the rebel Dan III's holdings, Dracula's Axes
knew what he was and what to do with him. They fought the
vampire with wooden spears and impaled him through the heart.
Then they raced him back to Castle Dracula, where Dracula
chained the vampire in the dungeon, removed the stake and
feasted on his blood. A fiery strength flooded through Prince
Dracula, stoking his passion for further conquest. He rewarded his
loyal Axes with smaller draughts of the vampire's blood and
planned their glorious future.


This is one of the reasons why impaling was Vlad' favorite
means of execution. He knew that when vampires were rounded
up, his men had to kill them without inflaming superstitious fears
in the peasantry. The locals had lived with flagrant vampire
attacks for centuries and would be terrified if they thought Vlad
was stirring up the undead. Vlad impaled three more Tzimisce
vampires during this time and drained them of their blood as well.

Though the Tzimisce clan favored the Danesti and disliked
Vlad's abuse of their neonates, they admired his daring and
resourcefulness, respecting him more than other claimants to the

throne. Some wanted revenge on him and others wanted to make
hima Tzimisce vampire. Having just joined the Sabbat, however,
their war against the elders kept them too busy to take more than
passing interest in Vlad's audacity.

Thus began Dracula's fascination with blood. His courtiers
witnessed him dipping his bread in the blood of tortured enemies.
Though many said he did it just to intimidate his foes, he really
had developed a taste for blood, even weak human blood.

With his kingdom finally secure from internal threats, his
western flank secure through treaties, and his personal strength
secure through regular doses of vampire blood, Dracula planned
his war against the Turks.

The Dragon Strikes

Thenewsultan, Mehmed II (mech-med), was running out of
patience with the Wallachian ruler. Even though Vlad stood up
tothe German Holy Roman Empire, he made itclear he would not
be a puppet of Islam. When the Pope called for another crusade
against the unified Ottoman Empire, the divisive European lead-
ers answered with little enthusiasm. Only Vlad was ready to go to.
war, a fact which caused the Pope to look favorably on him.

When a delegation from the sultan came to exert pressureon
him to secure his aid in conquering the rest of Serbia, Vlad
demanded they remove their turbans. They replied that they
never removed them. Vlad told them he would help them keep
their customs, and ordered their turbans nailed to their heads.

He then contacted the Serbian leaders and revealed the
impending secret invasion. He had already stopped paying tribute
to the sultan, and fought the Moslem troops who raided his
villages for young boys to be made into janissary troops.

He did all this to provoke the sultan, who demanded that
Vlad travel to Constantinople to "discuss" the situation. Dracula
laughed at the transparent attempt to kidnap him, and wrote back
that he had no money to make payment, and that if he left his
kingdom, his Saxon enemies would take over.

He stalled until winter, when the Danube river was frozen,
and then agreed to go to the sultan. He asked Mehmed to send an
important Moslem pasha to rule Wallachia while he was gone.
The sultan complied, but sent a spy to make the journey with
Dracula.

Vlad impaled the pasha, the pasha's troops, and the spy.
Disguised as the pasha, Vlad brought his army to the great fortress
built by his father. Speaking perfect Turkish, he demanded that
the Moslem guards open the gates and let his army in. They did so,
and Dracula's hordes spilled in, slaughtering all inside. Then he
raced his troops across the frozen Danube for a lightning raid on
Turkish holdings.

Word of Vlad's successes electrified the Christian world, but
Europe sent no support. The sultan massed one of the largest
forces in the history of the Ottoman Empire to conquer the tiny
Wallachian army once and forall. -

Tho Aiie:

BW /hio's

Dracula mustered his troops from the many different peoples
that made up his kingdom, and he rallied them with glorious and
inspiring speeches. He generously rewarded any men wounded in
battle, and impaledall who ran away or were wounded in the back.
He set up a powerful network of scouts along the Danube to keep
him apprised of enemy movements.

His troops made hit-and-run attacks on the Turks, inflicting
great damage and disappearing when the Turks rallied. One of
these attacks came frighteningly close to the sultan's tent. The
Turks scoured the countryside, but could never find Dracula's
hidden camp.

The Turks captured one of Dracula's peasant troops and
offered him land anda title for information. The peasant refused,
and also refused to betray his country when threatened with aslow
death by torture. For the first time, the sultan began to fear his
opponent.

Draculadrew the sultan'smen deeper into Wallachia through
strategic retreats. He began a "scorched earth" policy, burning
everything in his path, poisoning wells, driving off livestock, and
diverting rivers into the path of the Turks. He put all displaced
peasants under the protection of his armies and sent plague-
ridden peasants into the Turkish camps to spread pestilence.

The Turks found themselves advancing into a wasteland of
ashes and mire and disease. As stragglers left the Turkish army to
forage for food, Dracula's men swept down and killed them. He
continued his midnight raids on the main body of troops, reducing
their vast numbers by attrition. The vampiric blood coursing in
his veins gave him superhuman strength and courage, and in-
spired his troops to acts of great bravery.

These tactics took their toll on the Turks. Their fear grew as
their numbers diminished and morale plummeted. Though they
laid siege to several important fortressesalong the way to Dracula's
capital, they could not capture one of them. When they reached
Dracula's fortified capital, they found themselvesat the mouth of
hell. Lining the road was a "forest of dead" — a mile of impaled
corpses.

Impaled the highest were the ghoulish remains of the pasha
and the spy. The stench was overpowering, and the horrified
sultan, still rattled by the nearly successful attempt on his life,


yielded to fear. He had his troops diga massive trench around their
camp forthe night tokeep out Vlad's forces, and the next morning
he ordered a massive retreat.

Vlad's stunning victory against impossible odds made him a
great hero in the Christian world. The enraged sultan knew he
could not defeat the prince through conventional warfare, so he
used a trick common to the Wallachian boyars. He supported a
claimant to the Wallachian throne with a massive force and sent
the usurper to destroy Vlad's rule from within. Though Vlad had
ruthlessly exterminated nearly every claimant, there was one
whom he had not killed — his own brother, Radu

Dragon Fall

Backed by a massive contingent of Turkish troops, Radu told
the local boyars they could be rid of the powerful Prince Dracula
if they supported him. The boyars stirred up anti-Dracula senti-
mentin the nation with propaganda, They accused Vlad of trying
to impale everyone in Wallachia, and painted a picture of life
under Dracula asa constant state of deprivation and war with the
Turks.

Though Dracula's boyar appointments remained steadfastly
many older boyars defected and allowed Turkish troops past
the fortresses and into Wallachian border towns. With his sealed
borders leaking due to internal treachery, Vlad found his castle
under attack. His mistress hurled herself from a tower window to
her death rather than risk being taken prisoner.

Vlad was forced to flee his besieged castle through the secret
tunnel. His Axes and loyal peasants helped him escape to safety
in the north as his faithless brother Radu betrayed him by
ascending the throne.

Without his loyal troops, and without fresh vampire blood,
Vlad became as weak as any other mortal. He decided to go to
Matthias, king of Hungary and son of Hunyadi, and petition for
anew crusade. Unfortunately, the Europeans, divided and squab-
bling among themselves, could not ally on any point. They had
become used to vampires covertly telling them what todo, but the
Sabbat-Camarilla war forced the clans to neglect their mortal
pawns to secure their own immortal lives. Consequently, Europe
saw its leaders fall to indecision and futility.

Radu offered generous terms to Matthias for Dracula's arrest,
and the weak king complied. He lured Vlad away from his loyal
Axes by promising to help Dracula take back his throne; once
Viad was isolated, Matthias placed him under house arrest.

Vlad expected Christendom to react with outrage to his
betrayal and arrest, but the outcry never came. The German
boyars had carried out a massive propaganda campaign against
him throughout Europe, painting him as a torturer and madman
far more wicked than the Turks.

Stripped of the context in which they occurred, Dracula's
actions looked like the work of a monster. Because "Dracul"
means devil as well as dragon in Romanian, the servants of Vlad
the Monk convinced most of Europe that Dracula was a minion


of Hell rather than a crusader for the Church. To make matters
worse, the Pope who admired Vlad had just died, leaving no
authority to tell the truth.

Vlad suffered greatly in captivity and swore to retake his
throne. Before long, Radu reneged on his promises to the West
and allowed the Turks to decimate Wallachia. Matthias had no
choice but to take Dracula out of prison and threaten to return
him to the Wallachian throne. When the weak Radu soon
collapsed to Moldavian troops, Dracula married into the Hunyadi
family and secured enough power to retake his throne for a third
time.

Dracula returned to Wallachia to find the tiny kingdom
overrun by Sabbat vampires. Without a firm ruler, anarchs ran
wild through Transylvania, seeking out fearful elders. Dracula had
no difficulty capturing vampires for fresh blood. He quickly
restored his Axes to superhuman strength and endurance.

Vlad launched new assaults against the Turks, routing them
at every turn. But his triumphs left him dissatisfied. The luster of
military conquest began to tamish. His captivity had forced him
tocontemplate his mortality. The purpose of his life became more
important than achievement. He saw his mortal life as a the
briefest flash in history, and the vampiric life as an eternity of self-
discovery.

So he sent out riders to find the vampire Durga Syn, as his
father had commanded. He had been unable to find her before,
but was determined now. This time, she unexpectedly came to
him.

The mysterious old woman told the prince she had followed
his career with interest, and the two spent a long time talking.
After learning at the feet of the three greatest warlords of his day
—Dracul, Murad and Hunyadi — he was grateful to become the
protégé of a peacemaker.

Usinginsight gained from Durga Syn, hesuccessfully spiedon
both the Sabbat and Camarilla, and began to manipulate the
manipulators. When he learned that the Tzimisces had dis-
patched powerful vampires to kill him, he arranged for Camarilla
Justicars to intercept the war party.

After the twogroups tore themselvesapart in battle, Vladand
his Axes descended. They took the two surviving vampires
prisoner. The more powerful had entered torpor, but the younger,
Lambach, was still conscious. Dracula took them back to his
torture room in Castle Dracula and chained Lambach over a
massive stake. His guards held a weighted mechanism that could
force the stake through him at the slightest touch. Dracula
informed the starving vampire that he would be allowed to live if
he tured Dracula into a vampire while leaving him free of the
Blood Bond. The desperate Lambach agreed, and Vlad felt the
biting agony and the sweet passion of Rebirth.

Dracula, fresh from vampiric resurrection, consumed the
eldest vampire's blood. Heady with newfound power, he fed his
own vite to his faithful Axes, who willingly became his ghouls.
True to his word, Dracula released Lambach. He told the Tzimisce
that the Sabbat could expect a visit from him soon.

The Eternal Dragon

Dracula found himself caring lessand lessfor the petty courtly
intrigues of the mortal world. He faked his own death and placed
a puppet on the Wallachian throne. Durga Syn moved on,
promising to return now and then.

Vlad spent time among the Sabbat and Camarilla during the
eatly days of both groups. Though nominally a Tzimisce, he owed
allegiance to no clan. He tended to side more with the Sabbat,
preferring the freedom it espoused to the hidebound rules of the
Camarilla. However, he enjoyed the company ofthe wise, thought-
ful vampires of the Camarilla more than the wild, rebellious
Kindred of the Sabbat.

After helping shape the courts of the Camarilla, he left the
group in disgust. He told them that they were deliberately blind
to the dangers of the Blood Bond and the Antediluvians. He
worked with the Sabbat and fought many of his old allies in the
Camarilla. However, he worked hard to accomplish Sabbat goals
without clashing with his closest friends in the Camarilla.

He soon reached an impasse in dealing with the wild, anar-
chic Sabbat, and left its ranks. The Paladins who tried to punish
him for leaving were tom into pieces no larger than an inch and
deposited in a Sabbat safchouse.

Eventually, Dracula joined the independent sect of respected
vampire elderscalled the Inconnu, who worked ceaselessly to cure
vampires of their need for blood. In their quest for greater
knowledge, these vampires allied themselves with demons. But
then, Dracula always did make a career out of trading one evil for
another.

Through the ages, Dracula grew less obsessed with personal
power and more concemed with attaining Golconda — the
enlightened state of being in which a vampire is freed from frenzy
and the Beast. The more power he gained over others, the less his
power pleased him, and the more he desired to conquer himself.

He saw parallels between Golconda and the Islamic, Chris-
tian, pagan and gypsy mystical traditions he had studied during his
checkered career. He believed he and all beings could find
freedom from their own inner demons, and swore to attain that

state.


The Dragon in Hiding

Though Dracula tried to exist in anonymity, the propa-
ganda efforts of his enemies had succeeded beyond their original
hopes. Tales of the mad prince of Wallachia and his bloody
stakes spread like wildfire throughout Europe and the Near East.
Rumors of the enigmatic mystic of the Inconnu swirled through-
out the vampire community as well; these rumors were often
contrasted with the popular fables of his legendary mortal
cruelty.

Despite his best efforts, Dracula could not shake his high
profile and remained an easy target for his Camarilla, Sabbat and
Inquisition foes. When he spread the word thatthe Antediluvians
were a threat to the Kindred, the clans lashed back through
human and vampire proxies. Afterhe joined the Inconnu in the
nineteenth century, human pawns of the ancient vampire pro-
genitors came close to exposing and destroying him. Vlad kept
them at bay with an ingenious scheme: he turned his real-life
story into the Dracula myth.

Acting through a Romanian scholar, he fed the rich ac-
count of his life to the impressionable Victorian novelist Bram
Stoker. Inspired by his dark muse, Stoker created a lush, night-
marish tapestry of evil that exploded onto the consciousness of
hisday. The Dracula story touched such astrong chord in readers
throughout the world that it effectively stymied the efforts of
those who hunted him.

As long as vampires were the stuff of dark legends that
lurked in the shadows of the cultural consciousness, Vlad's
enemies could secure aid and assistance from a fearful citizenry.
But when the undead became popular entertainment, even the
most naive peasants became sophisticated cynics. In the minds
of the masses, vampires existed in nightmares and shadows and
midnight terrors. But a high-profile vampire seen in every
cinema was little more than an amusing diversion and fiction
that could not possibly exist even in the bleakest hour.

Even superstitious peasants could feel superior to people
seriously seeking an obvious myth like Dracula. Where Dracula's
enemies once found frightened and cooperative people, they now
found ridicule and mockery.

Ironically, educated people are especially predisposed to
scom even the most compelling proof of vampires, regardless of
the strength of the evidence. By promoting the myth of Dracula,
Vlad did more to protect the Masquerade than any other of his
kind.

The Dracula story caught the imagination of the Victorians
like little else. The mythic Dracula preyed on innocent, virginal
young women of impeccable breeding. He symbolized the re-
pressed sexual urges of a desexualized people — urges which
manifest in twisted and perverse ways. If Jack the Ripper stirred
the cultural imagination, the black-caped Dracula the vampire
electrified it.

Thus assured of reasonable safety from his enemies, Dracula
explored the magical history of the Earth, meeting creatures he
never knew existed. Even today he strives for enlightenment and
freedom from the vast darkness within him. He longago withdrew
from the world of men, and now searches for answers to the great
riddles of Kindred and mortals.

Some elders maintain that Vlad has completed his quest, and
has found the peace all Kindred so desperately seek. Others think
he has not found Golconda, but is very close — closer than any
other vampire. Still others think he is wasting his time even
tying. And some think Golconda is a front for his real aim:
conquest of the Antediluvians.

He fears the return of the Antediluvians and the subsequent
harvesting of their children, and advises both Sabbat and Cama-
rilla through the Inconnu. He believes all vampire groups see an
incomplete picture of the great struggle, and are doomed until
they see the whole.

ro the Inquisition AQ



Brujah Elder of the Camarilla

By theft and murder they took the

Now everywhere the walls spring up
at their command.

They make the laws to chain us well

Their clergy dazzle us with heaven or
they dani us into hell.

We will not worship the god they
serve,

The god of greed who feeds the rich
while poor men starve.

— Leon Rosselson,

"The World Turned Upside Down"

When tyranny
breaks the
spines of the
people, abrave
few rise up to
fight back.
Though thety-

rantsmay carry
the day, rebels
like Tylermake

each victory

F] costly and ulti-

mately hollow.

From her

humble peas-

antbirth toher

current posi-

tionofpowerin

oneofthemost

vampire-infested cities in the world, the

vampire Tyler has seen all sides of mortal

and Kindred society. This tough, clever

revolutionary works and fights for an end

toall systems of enforced injustice, all the

while hiding a dark secret from her Cama-
tilla allies.

~ in her newfound strength and po

Her Life

Tyler, bom Patricia of Bollingbroke, lived her whole life immersed in the twin
medieval horrors of squalor and brutality. Against all odds, she survived and overcame the
trauma of plagues, famine and childbirth to raise five healthy children. Indeed, her great
love of life not only enabled her to survive amidst the filth and poverty of feudal England,
buegave her the courage to aspire to greater things. Huddled on her rough pallet afterher
husband and children fell asleep, she dreamed of flying.

Her world shattered around her when her husband risked poaching on the baron's
lands to feed his starving family during a deadly winter. The baron slaughtered him,
abducted the children for castle servants, and sent his men to collect Patricia fora night
of rough sport. Refusing to submit, she fled the butchers' knives.

Fortune brought her to the growing peasant rebellion of John Ball and Wat Tyler,
who led a revolt against the cruelty of the nobles. Patricia's old life was ashes, and she
gladly cast it off in favor of a new life asa free and independent woman in a world where
such creatures were virtually unheard of.

Though the peasants could not accept a woman asa leader, they did accept herasan
impassioned supporter of the cause and aguiding spirit of the revolution. She glowed with,
an inner radiance that inspired and encouraged everyone she touched, and soon caught,
the eye of Wat Tyler: Beguiled by her passion and conviction, he took her ashis loverand
confidante; she in turn guided him with her fervor and righteous anger.

Patricia conceived the assassination of the Archbishop of Canterbury and helped
execute the daring plan. The revolutionaries marched on London and took the city. In
a moment of triumph, they put their demands to the terrified king. The king acquiesced,
but retaliated by killing many of the revolutionaries' children and holding other children
hostage. When Patricia of Bollingbroke tried to rescue her last living child, the king
slammed the jaws of the trap around her, caughther, and sentenced her to death. Huddled
in the fetid dungeon cell, she knew all her dreams had come to nothing.

Her Death

In Patricia's darkest hour, a stranger ina dun-green cloak mysteriously appeared in
hercell. He introduced himselfas Robin Leeland of the vampire clan Brujah, and told her
of his work to bring wicked rulers to justice. Robin offered her the Embrace and she
unhesitatingly accepted. He made her pledge undying fealty — not to him, but to the
cause of justice.

She broke free from the prison and struck back with a force derived from years of
simmering, righteous anger. The first mortal blood on her lips gushed from the veins of
the baron who killed herctildren, and the blood of many such men followed. She rejoined
the rebel peasants and led them in decisive strikes against the king. Fora year she reveled
and left a wide swath of destruction in her wake
Despite her victories, her ranks dwindled, while her followers became more interested in
violence than justice.

Patricia soon realized that the inner light which once inspired the peasants had
ignited into a raging fire of frenzy, Her followers no longer drew inspiration from her. The
example she set was revenge, and only bullies responded favorably.


Her peasants won some concessions from the lords, but lost
the war. Bitterness and sorrow filled her heart. She exiled herself
from her home and never returned to England.

Her Unlife

She arrived in Spain in time to see the unholy Inquisition
decimate ancient vampire families. The older vampires eagerly
sacrificed their young to the Inquisitors and the neonates perished
at an alarming rate.

The elders responded to the threat by hiding. Patricia argued
that vampires should not flee from mortals, but should be paragons
of justice and honor. The Kindred would be far safer ifthey crushed
the mortals subjugating their fellow humans. Free, enlightened
men and women would be eager to provide their lifeblood to their
immortal benefactors.

Though many vampires relished the plan, they feared taking
a strong stand at a time when the humans had them on the run.
The Toreador Rafael de Corazon proposed the Masquerade, and
the Ventrue Hardestadt proposed creating the Camarilla to en-
force its laws. "Why should we do aught to better the lives of
mortals?" the Ventrue elder demanded. "Do they not hound me
and strike at me at every turn? I owe them nothing but ashes and
spite, and would not stoop to help them even if we all became safer
for it."

Revolted by this destructive logic, Patricia left the early
vampire councils and sided with the rebellious neonates. These
neonates, abandoned by their regents to destruction at the hands
of the Inquisition, formed the anarch rebellion.

Patricia planned a daring raid on the Ventrue Hardestadt. He
embodied all the smug elitism Patricia despised, and she saw no
difference between his plans and those of the mortal barons who
oppressed others in the name of divine right.

She led a band of Brujah anarchs and human allies ina bloody
assault on Hardestadt Castle. The Ventrue's defenses wiped out
her ragtag army, but she managed to destroy and commit diablerie
upon the Ventrue elder. Without Hardestadt's leadership, the
elders again fell to squabbling. This delayed the founding of the
Camarilla many years, and resulted in a weak and strife-tom
organization.

Patricia's success electrified the growing anarch community
and galvanized support for her cause. Young vampires, abandoned
by their masters in the wake of the Inquisition, threw off their
Blood Bonds and formed a huge, marauding gang called the
Sabbat.

They begged Patricia to serve as their leader, but she found
this new group as repugnant as the mortal bullies who flocked to
her in England. She refused to accept their wors
and fled Europe for the New World. Powerful, vengeful Camarilla
Archons followed, trying to destroy her.

ful adoration

She settled in Cartagena, where she served as assassin for the
powerful vampire conquistador Helena. When the Camarilla
closed in on her, she fled to the English colonies. To throw the
Archons off the scent, Patricia changed her name to Tyler, in


honor of her old lover. She reconnected with the Brujah clan,
which was now deeply ensconced in the Camarilla. She settled
into her new home and became complacent over the centuries.
Then a transforming phenomenon occurred: the first manned
flights began.

Soaring through the sky fulfilled a centuries-old dream of
freedom for Tyler, who immediately funded early experimental
aircraft. Recognizing the great power of air travel, she moved toa
city where she believed one of the biggest airports would be built.
At the crossroads of America she took control of the burgeoning
airfield in Chicago. By regulating the flow of Kindred intoand out
of O'Hare airport, she greatly strengthened her ability to defend
against those vampires who still search for her.

Despite her contempt for the Camarilla, she joined it to work
closely with her fellow Brujah. Most of them are ignorant of her
past as Patricia of Bollingbroke, and know nothing of her funda-
mental role in founding the Sabbat. Those who know say nothing.

Her Nature

Tyler utterly disdains the corruption and unjust privileges of
the wealthy. She opposes the powerful who rule by intimidation
and the self-righteous who abuse their positions tosmire the weak.

She relishes her role as assassin of powerful Cainites, and
knows the incomparable exhilaration of consuming a member of
an earlier generation. Killing Hardestadt gave her a taste for
drinking the vitae of powerful foes and toppling unjust lords. She
exists for the day when she can replace all corrupt rulers, human
or vampire, with just and compassionate ones. But her power has
been blunted by doubts and misgivings about her achievements.

In bitter irony, her resistance to abuse of mortal power led to
far greater abuse of power by immortals, as the Sabbar emulated
the worst excesses of the mortal kings and sought to completely
enslave the human race.

Her ordeals have strengthened her convictions, but her losses
have also blunted her edge. In her innermost heart, she fears her
future successes will be tainted and perverted by groups like the
Sabbat; thus, she is very cautious about all her plans and all her
allies. Should she overcome her self-doubt, she could again
transform the face of the world

@ it
4° Childs


Gangrel Warlord of the Camarilla

I watched them as the battle closes,
‘Midst the camage and the din.
Seen their wounds like deadly roses,
Blooming crimson on their skin.
P've heard chem coughing as they
stumble,
Heard thetr moaning as they lie,
Heard frightened prayer turned to
mumbles,
And final silence as they die:
— Gamet Rogers, "One Bullet
(Left For Me)"

The enforcers of the

Camarilla have their
work cut out for
them. Free-spirited
anarchs, irreverent
Sabbat Paladins, ma-
rauding Lupines and
meddling vampire
hunters stalk the
land, endangering
the Masquerade and
Yevery Cainite who
seeks refuge in it.

‘Against these adversaries stands the
unliving war machine Karsh, bloodthirsty
warlord of Clan Gangrel. He leads the
Camarilla legions against the rampaging
forces of the Sabbat. The warrior Atchons
and Justicars answer his call to armis, and
he answers only tothe very highest coun-
cils of he Camarilla. He loves the coppery
taste of vampiric frenzy rising in his gorge,
and does nothing to stave off the ascen-
sion of the Beast within. Indeed, herevels
in combat, savoring the transformation

from vampire to slayering monster.

His Life

Not every Moslem in medieval Turkey supported the reign of Sultan Murad IV.
Some nomadic bands refused to submit to the despotic rule of the 'great conqueror, and
fought endless hit-and-run skirmishes against the sultan's armies. These groups trained:
their young as warriors to prepare them for the harsh life to come. Many children did not
survive. Bur some endured and grew exceedingly strong during the ordeal.

The feral child Hassan al-Samhir loved the warrior life. He spent his childhood in
weapons training, raidsand devotion to Allah: He carrieda man's sword when hewas five,
killed an enemy soldier when he was nine, and received honors as one of the nomad
group's most savage warriors at twelve.

When he was thirteen, the'sultan's men caught the little nomad band and slaugh-
tered them. None surrendered. The merciless troops killed the wounded adults and took
the surviving children as slaves. Little Hassan's savagery impressed the troops, who placed
him in the janissaries — an elite corps of Christian youths and war captives.

The janissaries put the boy through a punishing regimen of grueling physical labor,
submission to Allah through the sultan, and constant combat training. Rather than
breaking, Hassan flourished, and rose quickly through the ranks of the janissaries. He
rapidly surpassed all his teachers and earned the fear and respect of his fellow warriors. His
zealous worship of Allah impressed even the jaded officers.

A true warrior's heart bear in Hassan's bosom, and he lived for battle. He hated the
interminable periods of peace and only felt truly alive when swathed in the blood of his
enemies, fearlessly hacking his way into the heart of each battle in the grip ofan unearthly
berserker frenzy.

Tragically, he lived during the decline of the Ottoman Empire, and saw the great
Empire shrink and contract despite all the battles he won. Court intrigue and palace
corruption further weakened the state. Nevertheless, his faith was unshakable, and he
remained loyal to his sultan as an expression of his loyalty to Allah. When the janissariés
revolted, Hassan sided with Murad IV in suppressing them, and slew many of his closest
friends. The revolt was put down and the rebel warriors returned to service. But many of:
them blamed Hassan for betraying them, and planned his destruction.

His Death

When the Empire signed a great peace pact with Persia, Hassan made no secret of his
distaste for the sultan's decision. He was a powerful captain now, and accustomed to
speaking his mind to the sultan' agents. He knew he could take the battle to the enemy
capital, butagreed to submit t6 his sultan's orders with the same reverence with which he
submitted to Allah.

Four of his fellow janissaries took advantage of the tense peace negotiations to exact
revenge on Hassan for betraying their revolution. They assassinated ‘three Persian
diplomats and blamed Hassan for the deaths. Hassan protested his loyalty, butan enraged
sultan ordered him pur to death: To satisfy the outraged Persians' taste for blood, Murad
1V offhandedlly remarked that beheading was too good for the assassin, and that he should
instead be thrown to starying wolves. The cruel solution appealed to the new Persian
delegation, who considered the matter settled.


-adoung 02 wry 400) pue Ysrey 105 aure> ads sjom
ap pur ‘aunsas sea anid ap zoe] siea4 aay-Aauaa j "jeurarxa
pue jewaru! swanp 1y8n0j pue ‘asidurg sup jo szapioq ayp dn
aroys 01 sapieq eUINIYsTU IwaIs UI sTUMTE $2121 yp pa] af] SHEE
Jeuow sty ystuy o2 uoReTOUAS & Yysrey anes axidwea ayy

"puro
2e ssoursng sty ax[dwoo soem edo] S]eoNeURy axp Suma], a
plopren sau sty jo ssouynpyares axajdwoo ayp pasnsua jax3ueg ap
‘Aqeuonippy "Sunjuup aaissaoxa 4q uo 2yBno1q Ino3 jo paip pey
eqns ap 2eup owl ayp peaids jax3ueg ayp ‘(ueyns jryaresBun
atp Jo uonepesfap ayp arajduios 01 pue) apezonbseyy ay2 jo
suoisuaixa asarpiea ayp jo auo sy "puLparsea at UE UESsEPY Aka] 02
J9IZIA ay pastape Oya UEUZ ASIA sNOHDISAW ay OS|e Sem JOP] 2 L
"pypueureg atp jo propse fy 10} aveprpues.oapiod aup uessepy Ur Aves
ya Japp [azdueg Sunyrysadeys e Aqjear sem wunlp-sjom ay,

cesuaay atp ysrey se wogas sean URssep] "UAo
siy Jo omseaur [yews & pousnaes pu ‘pooyq sty YuRap ‘OUeA ay
pauses 3} "9>1Ar98 peusaro soy wuMaoI UI apt] feUOWUT parayo pue
aysiu Aq uessepy pasta jjoas ay | "ueUL e Jo WHO, axp pue Jom JO
asadse atp ay22 Pinos oy uutlp e ‘puejaisem ay paruney uULlp
ayquaea Vy "ayea Suny e zozta pauarysuy ay? pjor uessepy
andy uewoND arp [pe Jo rL1A puerg
se njrudny paruroue ay ‘szaqnu Jo aut] pean ay Jo ase] ayp jo
peay ayp woy umor ayp Suny] arta ayp 01 peay arp 1ysno1q
pue ueyns ap parendesap ay ‘wry patenag oy usw ap
Suayysngys ‘sauessiuef ay YyBnomp dem sty a01 1M peapun
ULL 2yB1U 2eYp ava aypjoano Avm sty pame]> pure IyBy or sapreq
ure pey []hs uessepy ang ‘paring Apadosd azam sureusas s,so1ea,
pooeaBsip ayp ey aves pue uvssep] parsadsor saizta ay

-poo|g Jo paureip pue sayse|s puesnowp & tpim paradocs ueEssepy
puy 01 pousmar Aaya ‘Sur;moy Surppand -poojg jo aysu e YW
‘uoHeareis Jo atp 10 ude wo aq 02 uessepy 304 SunTeM ‘sdoon jo
penbs e yim Apog aug zeau pry apy "stutdsarp o1 Suuayo ue se wy
yay Pur sopfoeys ut uessepy punog ayy swuids sjom jaa Aq paruney
2q 01 UMOUY puLjaisem aIeJOSop BO} UWSsepT YOO? JDIZIA s,ueIINS
yp Jaysew ap U! Jaw ay UeUL asim v Jo aD1Ape ay] UO SUNIW

aun SIH

‘URSSE}] [IP PINE wep saajour
puy ‘nrudny pawweyoyy ‘aizia sty aeyp papuewap ayy "uerns
yp sao so1zeAN ay paxOAey Ye||Y Wp UBIs 1ea]> ¥ se IF as pjnoamr
ajdoad aya pareay pue ‘uonnsaxa parry au Aq pauarysiy sear
ueayns ay J "seoaid 02 saajom SuLateas aay 2102 9} | "a8ey 194198194
B ow para pur ‘tp3uans 10} padeid uessep] Ing "JeIpjos
Bunod ayp arede sea 92ed jjom amnua ue ep papueUTUOD AyHseY
ue]ns sy "spuey azeq sty yA ar payjPy Pur som axp Iy8n0}
1 nugns on pasnjar puk teM Jo 9]N2 a1 Wo 3Deq
120 Inq pro] siy Aq pouopueqy

Se} "pos sty


Karsh, now dedicated only to the Gangrel clan and the
Camarilla, threw himself into his new life with a passion. He now
leads Camarilla forces in bloody battles against all foes: mortal,
vampire, Sabbat and demon alike. He dislikes fighting Lupines,
but does whatever is necessary to ensure the safety of the Cama-
rilla, He honors his God in service to his new lords, and takes great

His Nature

joy in fighting the godle:
Hand. The Camarilla eld
many fear him. They often seek his advice in matters of security
and when planning 2

Though he has since seen the great Ottoman Empire he
helped secure fall to Western forces, Hassan feels no grief for it.
Now and forever he is Karsh, and his heart lies with the Camarilla

Sabbat and the blaspheming Black
ect the violent warlord; indeed,

acks on enemies.

Karsh isa man of few words. He speaks only when absolutely
necessary, and in very terse phrases. Atrest he is completely calm,
stoic and slow to anger or respond. In battle he is a whirlwind of
fury, reveling in carnage and bloodletting. As Warlord of the

i

Camarilla, he executes the most dangerous missions. He carries
out even the most suicidal tasks with unmatched zeal, as if each

himself.

new foe were the hated su

Karsh still prays to Mecca five times a day and, if he believes
his soul is forever cursed, has told no one.



- VASANTASENA

Malkavian Antitribu of the Sabbat

By feigning madness or diplomacy;
On battlefield or at the court,

By your efforts Thave been raised
When everything had crumbled down.
— Bhasa, The Vision of Vasavadarca

Lunacy casts a long

shadow through the
underground world
of the Sabbat: The
insanityof most Sab-
bat braves takes a
form of darkness: a
light extinguished.
But in the illumi-
nated madwoman
Vasantasena, the
madness takes the
form ofa light burn-
ing too brightly for
her fellows to bear.
Even the most
fearsome Sabbat
leaders find the di-
vinely inspired
lunatic uncomfort-
ably frightening.
Her intensity and
passion for the Sab-
bat cause stand in' stark contrast to the
dissension and fear she produces among
the Sabbat ranks, Few understand her
motives, but most members of the Sabbat
agree that she strives for nothing less than
the salvation of all-vampires from the
return of the ravenous Antediluvians

Her Life

Near the end of the first millennium A.D., Rajarajah the Great ruled over a golden
age ofart and commerce in India. When the nobles of house Kalari at Panaji celebrated
the birch of a daughter, they knew their litrle Vasantasena could grow up to expect an
exalted marriage: perhaps to the son of Rajarajah himself

\Vasantasena grew into a beautiful and open-hearted princess, pampered but not
spoiled. She studied the mysteries of Shraddha ancestor worship, in which the living
nourished their dead forebears with sacrifices, and became an adept pupil: Because of her
high birth, skill in domestic rituals, and effervescent charm, Vasantasena attracted many
suitors, each bearing gifts more lavish than the last.

Only her father and mother knew that an ancient, traveling holy man named
Unmada had prophesied that the girl was destined to sacrifice herself in a manner that
would take her out of the cycle of reincarnation,

Her Death

Though life in Panaji was idyllic for Vasantasena, a cancer ate away at the court. The
Chamberlain of Calicut had secretly offered the nobles a chance to support his secret,
private army. He promised security from the incursions of Islamic warriors who carved
away at the outer edges of the empire, and a chance to conquer other lands. From most
noble houses, he demanded money, quarters for his troops, and blood sacrifices made to
his ancestors. From Vasantasena's father, he demanded the princess.

The Kalari court's response to the imperious visitor was divided. Some nobles wished
to join him. Others disliked the chamberlain for his strange ways (he would only meet
themat night), but liked the idea of owning a private army. Vasantasena's father, Prince
Kalari, wished to expose the chamberlain to the Raj and see the usurper pulled apart by
elephants. Court politics became ugly and vicious; good men divided into factions over
the state's course of action and turned on one another.

The chamberlain, a far-travelling vampire of the Tzimisce clan, took almost as much'
perverse pleasure in setting men against each other ashe did in preyingon innocent young
princesses. He secretly visited Vasantasena's chambers and drank the princess' blood
every night. He did nor drain enough to kill her, but took enough to leave her spiritually
wounded.

The girl's sudden pallor and depression frightened her family. The chamberlain:
insisted that Prince Kalari had insulted the gods by rejecting his offer, and that Kali
punished the princess in retribution. Vasantasena, overcome with a profound lassirude,
descended deeply into despair. Finally, on the verge of madness, she lapsed into the

blessed relief of a coma.

Her distraught father finally decided to join the wicked chamberlain, willing to pay
any price to restore his precious daughter. Before he could announce his plan, the holy
man Unmada returned to see Vasantasena. Prince Kalari resisted, fearing that such a
thing would vex the chamberlain. But he respected the wise old Brahmin more than he
feared his tormentor, andrelented. The ancient Brahmin examined the girl, and declared
she was in a deep state of Supta, a dreaming sleep from which she would soon die.

a


N

—
ws
Sf

eo

a,

Unmada, a devotee of mortification of the flesh, had a body
punctured with hundreds of metal wires, wooden barbs and bone
hooks. He withdrew a bronze wire from his chest, mixed his own
holy blood into an elixir, and fed it to the sleeping girl. She
immediately revived and told her parents of the chamberlain's
great fangs and vile predations

Unmada scolded the nobles for contemplating an alliance
with ademon. "When. man isso evil the stench of duplicity rises
fromhis every action, why would his promises tempt you? Can you
not smell the lies?" He gave them an enchanted willow wand that
could destroy the monster, and left the court.


Some nobles reacted with outrage, and called forthe monster's
head on apike. But the cautious courtiers' greed overshadowed all
other concerns, and they declined to take action against the
chamberlain. "How do we know the wise man speaks the truth?"
one asked. "Is it not said that he is mad? The chamberlain cannot
be a fanged demon. He enjoys the support of the priests."

Other nobles, in their most secret hearts, knew the chamber-
lain was inhuman, but relished allying with a supernatural power.
A few nobles could not make up their minds. Only Vasantasena

knew that the demon had to be destroyed. In a court where the
nobles were crazed with power lust, it took a princess on the brink
of true madness to see clearly.

bi

eT

5

%
ry

W922

When the chamberlain returned to court to hear the nobles'
decision, Vasantasena's presence shocked him. But he smiled
politely to her and asked for the nobles to join him.

Vasantasena knew that killing the demon with Unmada's
wand was not enough. She had to expose him and let the nobles
know the truth about the creature they were sustaining. Moving
with a speed bor of clarity of purpose, she drew a sword from a
guard'sscabbardand plunged it through the chamberlain'sunliving
heart. The vampire did not die, but screamed in rage. His fangs
grew long, and he turned on the princess. While the shocked
courtiers watched he tore her delicate throat out with his teeth
and greedily lapped up her warm blood.


The furious nobles could no longer deny the truth. They
looked evil dead in the eye and were repulsed. They rose up against
the chamberlain, who fought back like a demon. Only
Vasantasena's father was able to kill him by impaling him with
Unmada's blessed willow wand.

Later that night, the holy man returned to survey the deso-
lation. He took the chamberlain's body, promising to prevent the
undying monster from returning. He also collected the body of the
murdered princess. "Her sacrifice has placed her beyond the
domain of such faithless fools as you," he said gravely. "Her spirit
has attained a perfect state, free from the cycle of reincarnation
that binds all others to the world of illusion. Know also that you
faithless nobles are doomed to a thousand reincamations as
wingless insects in a garden of hungry birds."

Unmada, a vampire of the lunatic Malkavian clan, did not
tell the nobles of Kalari that Vasantasena would be free from
reincarnation because he would make her into a vampire.

Her Unlife

Hidden in his sacred grove, Unmada feasted on the defeated
chamberlain's potent blood and gained great power from it. Then
he fed his own vampiric blood to the princess. Vasantasena arose
as one of the living dead. Because Unmada had fortified the
princess with a draught of his own undead blood before the
chamberlain killed her, Vasantasena "survived" her own murder.

Vasantasena spent centuries traveling with her Malkavian
mentor Unmada. The two inseparable friends spread little pock-
ets of their madness like seeds wherever they went. However,
when they tried ro venture into China, the mysterious Asian
vampires effortlessly overwhelmed them and sent them quickly
fleeing west. The pair headed to Europe, suitably chastened by the
experience, and arrived just in time for the Inquisition.

Unmada called for the vampire clans to band together
against the rapacious and reckless violence of the anarchs and
genocidal zeal of the mortals. Few Malkavians cared, but he
convinced the lunatic clan to join with the Camarilla, He
prophesied doom for all his kind if they did not unite with their
brethren. Without Unmada and Vasantasena's exhortations, the
Malkavians would not have joined the Camarilla, and the clans
would have had less of a chance to survive the anarchs' war.

Though Vasantasena worked with Unmada to unite the
clans, she quickly grew disenchanted with the Camarilla. She
found the other vampires, especially the Ventrue and Tremere,
inexcusably blind to the truths of vampiric existence. She called
the enforced Blood Bonding of anarchs at the Convention of
Thorns "a thom in the heart of all Kindred."


The night the Assamites were magically stripped of their
ability to commit diablerie, she freed a host of captured anarchs
and fled the Camarilla and her sire. She took her brood to join the
unrepentant legions of the Lasombra and Tzimisce, and created
the Sabbat from the ashes of the anarch rebellion.

Her Nature

The vital Camarilla secrets she brought to the Sabbat helped
keep the fledgling movement alive long enough to consolidate
power. Soon the Sabbat grew into a force powerful enough to
challenge the Camarilla, and the Jyhad raged.

Due toher descent into madnessand the infusion of Unmade's
Malkavian blood, she gained strange and remarkable insights. She
can mystically sense spiritual auras, divine the history of objects,
and see the content of people's souls. These talents allow her to
pierce the consensual illusions most mortals and vampires accept
as reality and see things exactly as they are. This also makes her
seem more insane than she really is.

Vasantasena's formidable senses tell her that as long as
vampires remain Blood Bound in unbreakable lineages of Kin-
dred, the Antediluvians can gobble them up like strands of pearls.
She insists that when the Antediluvians awaken on Gehenna,
they have but to command single elder to submit, and said elder
will thereupon presenthis entire family tree for leisurely dining —
commanding his childer to command their childer to command
their childer to offer themselves up.

She works in the evangelical wing of the Sabbat, spreading
her madness among Camarilla camps and converting anarchs to
her beliefs. New converts find iteasier to pass the grueling Sabbat
initiation tests after exposure to her peculiar brand of madness.

Though obsessive about the need for illumination, she de-
rides the many Sabbat Paths of Enlightenment. She takes gleeful
pleasure in disrupting their meetingsand challenging their leaders
with mind-bending arguments. Many within the Sabbat find her
inexcusably disruptive, but the oldest members have the utmost
respect for her, and reverently recall her crucial role in founding
their order. The youngest Sabbat admire her as an unliving
example to which they can aspire.

ion 43

Childeéinorare Ing


RAFAEL DE CORAZON

Toreador Elder of the Camarilla

Twill hide my face from them:..," he
said, "and see what their end will be; for they
are a perverse generation, children who are
unfaithful."

—The Bible, Deuteronomy 32:20

‘As the forces of the In-

quisition and the legions
of the anarchs sur-
rounded the ‘scattered,
quarrelsome and indeci
sive forces ofthe vampire
clans, one voice rose
above the clamor. Rafael
de Corazon called upon
the vampire eldersto for-
sake their direct ties to
the world of men and
pass: forever into shad-
ows and nightmares.

His Life

Bloody religious strife between Spanish Christians and Spanish Moslems tore apart the
beautiful countryside of Navarre during the turbulent twelfth century. To the peasants caught
in the endless civil war, the Church served as the only refuge from the emotional upheaval of
the factional fighting. A cherubic peasant boy named Rafiiel de Corazon caught theeye of the
Bishop of Navarre. The bishop lifted the sweet-voicedchild outof poverty and into the exalted
world ofthe Church. Rafael loved the opulent robes, musky incense aid reverberating hymns,

and found refuge in'the dark, somber chambers lit by breathtaking multicolored stained glass
‘windows.

He became an altar boy — the most beautiful boy in a building full of beautiful boys who
resented Rafael's status as che bishop's new favorite. The boy tried to stay out of harm's way
by keeping a low profile, but quickly fearned to use his favor with the bishop to covertly lash
back at his vormentors. It was his first taste of power, and he liked it.

Justas he was learning howbest to exercise his dominance, younger, more attractive boys
arrived, and the bishop's attention wandered. Rafael used his diminishing resources to protect
himself from the older boys who were already eagerly awaiting his fall. Before his influence
completely ebbed away, he begged the bishop to put in him in training for the priesthood
instead of shunting him off into the monastery with the other aging altar boys.

Rafael had litele talent asa priest, and was once again a small ish in a big, dangerous pool
of men who had won their positions through hard work or political power. Because he could
rot distinguish himself through his works or talent, he again found great value in keeping a
low profile. To advance his power within the clergy, he sought stewardship over high-profile
projects. He lost many plum positions, like supervising new cathedral construction, but
eventually won a lesser assignment overseeing the creation of cathedral mosaics and illumi
nated manuscripts. :

Though the Church officially frowned on vanity, the bishop conferred grearstatuson the
priests and monks who created the most exquisite are, wine and music. Rafael claimed credit
for the finest pieces created by his monks, and wamed them not to challenge him. Burthe
bishop ignored Rafael's works, and the young man again felt the sting of plummeting status.
The monks he had mistreated quietly wherted their knives in preparation for his fall. He had
cultivated too many ehemies to hide in quiet anonymity again.

To regain the bishop's attention, Rafael took'a great risk. He knew the bishop's tastes
intimately, and brashly catered to them by making his artisans devise sexually explicit
illuminated manuscripts. The bishop loved the new works, and Rafael gloated over his
renewed status within the cathedral.

His Death

Rafael life changed forever during a late-night visit by @ mysterious, unmarried
noblewoman named Callisti y Castillo, who was rumored to be an immortal pagan witch of
ancient lineage. Some clergy called her a spawn of Satan, given to public blood drinking and
occuile practices. The bishop knewy that if he could convince her to convert, she would help
the Reconquista to reclaim Spain for Christendom. Pagan practices were far less immediately
threatening than the Moors.

His spies told him Callisti dearly prized art, and leaned toward supporting the Moors only
because of their rich artistic heritage. He planned to woo her favor with the cathedral's art
offerings. Some priests scurried to make every detail of her visit perfect, while others railed
against the corrosive influence of demonic outsiders.

4
4


She swept into the cathedral at midnight; a stunningly sensual
woman with a phalanx of warriors and an entourage of sweetly
attractive young male attendants. This scandalized the priests, who
blithely accepted extravagant displays of sexual licentiousness from
men, but greatly resented sexual power in the hands of a woman.

Monks crept from their beds to catch a glimpse of the woman
capable of rousing the church at so late an hour, and the priests
scrambled to keep the celibate monks from stealing a glimpse of her
provocative beauty. Callisti knew the scandal her presence caused,
and smiled seductively,

The bishop browbeat the priests into making a great show of
hospitality. He presented Callisti with gifts of mosaics, stained glass
and their most exquisitely painted Bible. But she found them all
wanting, and rejected conversion.

Rafael lusted after the arrogant woman, who radiated raw
sensuality and wicked passions. During the uproar, he gave her
explicit manuscripts depicting graphic nudes of Adam and Eve
engaged in wicked fornication after the Fall of Man. She praised the
great beauty of the work, and accepted full conversion to Christianity
on the spot from an embarrassed, appalled and bewildered bishop.
She made a sizable donation to the Reconquista, and offered the use
of her fortresses.

Callisti asked the bishop for permission to take the talented
young priest with her. He refused the unseemly request, saying it was
not part of their original agreement. However, upon seeing Rafael
grow pale and wan over the following days, he relented and let her
take him. The bishop did not know that Callisti was a powerful
vampire of the Toreador clan, and had drained Rafael's blood every
night in his sleep.

Once Rafael was hers, Callisti Embraced him, turning him into
her childe. He was shocked at the sudden reversal of his fortunes, but
could do nothing to resist.

She demanded he paint more erotic art for her. The art he
produced was mediocre at best and, when he admitted his deception,
she flew into a rage and nearly destroyed him. As his precious blood
drained away for the second time, he begged for his undead existence.
He insisted thathis deception showed a special kind of artistic talent,
and that his very life was a work of art. Amused by his appeal, she
spared him.

Inanotherreversal of fate, he found himself the lowest of the low
in an entourage of beautiful, talented, jealous male vampires. He
again found comfort in anonymity, carefully disguising his aspirations
and ambitions from the others.

His Unlife

When the Inquisition flared up, Callisti wanted no part of the
war against the mortals. She had grown weary of Christian art, finding
it increasingly arid and lifeless. She set off for India, where she had
heard that a new erotic art style flourished, and left behind inter-clan
politics. Rafael quietly volunteered to run her affairs while she was
gone, and she consented with little interest or enthusiasm.

In her absence, Rafael shamelessly exploited her power, using
herauthority to propose treaties, form alliancesand launch territorial
fights. He created numerous childer while hiding behind Callisti's
authority


His mediocre artistic talents gave him little status in the Torea-
dor, so he became a great patron of the arts. He knew the talented
Toreador did not respect him, so he covertly used his power to damage
and embarrass them.

As the Inquisition and the anarch rebellion gutted even the
greatest Kindred families, the remaining clans gathered to formulate
a.unified response. Some wanted to strike back at the presumptuous
mortals and ungrateful neonates, greatly reduce theit populations,
and rule them with an iron fist. Others found all this suicidal, and
proposed trying to trick the anarchs into fighting the Inquisition.

Rafael exploited his mistress' authority to address the elders. He
stepped before them, and simply read the Fifth Tradition of the
Kindred to them, saying "Thou shall not reveal thy true nature to
those not of the blood." His words met with stony silence, so he read
the Tradition again and again. The elders booed and called for him
to be dragged from the dais. As they came for him, Rafael warned
them away, railing against the elders for abandoning so sacred a
tradition. He said "WE are to blame for this! We have lost our claim
of blood by living so conspicuously among mortals!"

Amid the shouts of elders clamoring for his blood, he cried out
above the din, "Living openly among mortals has been our ruin! We
violated the spirit of the Fifth Tradition, and we pay for it in blood!
Mortals are too numerous and too jealous of our power. They will try
to destroy usas longas they know ofus! Ithasalways been so! We must
tum our backs on them. We must hide our faces away from their
envious eyes!"

His impassioned speech reached even the closed minds of the
Venerue and Tremere elders. He turned the tide of thought from a
craving for all-out war with the mortals to subtlety and subversion.
‘The vampires went underground and covered their traces. They
covertly changed the intellectual climate. Theirhuman agentsmocked
eyewitness accounts of vampires and ridiculed the old legends. The
vampires survived. the Inquisition, and within several generations
humanity turned to science and scoffed at superstition.

Rafael, the hero of the day, used his new status to help press the
war against the anarchs and keep the neonates down. He hates them
the same way he hated the younger, rival altar boys in the Navarre
cathedral. But while he rideshigh on the respect ofthe others, he lives
in terror of the return of his site, Callisti. He fears her anger over his
abuse of her power. Thus far, she has not returned from India.

His Nature

Many Toreador consider Rafael the symbolic heart of the clan.
Renowned for his extraordinary beauty and notorious for his cold,
calculating style, the talentless vampire casts a long shadow over his
fellow artists. Like his sire, Rafael surrounds himself with a coterie of
achingly beautiful male and female childer, all flawed in some way so
as not to overshadow his own great beauty.

Though he is not the oldest, most powerful, or most talented of
the Toreador, Rafael is the most influential. He won the hearts and
minds of his clan during the Inquisition, and has not released his hold
on Toreador thinking since.

The Camarilla venerates him for contriving the Masquerade.
Many vampires believe that Kindred society survived the ravages of
the Inquisition only because of hisscheme to hide all signs of vampiric
presence from mortals. Rafael finally has the admiration and respect
he always wanted.



I

GRATIANO

Lasombra Elder of the Sabbat

The last cempration is the greatest
treason:

To do the right deed for the wrong
Teason.
—TS. Eliot,
"Murder in the Cathedral"

(Ofall the crimes known to Kindred,
only the destruction of the'clan founder
rocks all vampires to the core. When
*  Antediluvians fall, bloodlines wither.

His Life

Born into. the prosperous de Veronese family of Italy, Gratiano knew all the
advantages of noble birth and showed the requisite haughtiness and base cruelty at an
early age. Indeed, his father's few attempts to curb the boy's arrogance and pride only led
to more hostility and anger. Still, Gratiano's ambition and accomplishments pleased his
father; he quickly distinguished himself in war, commerce and politics. Entering the
priesthood asa teenager, he also wielded this power well, and soughta bishopric whilestill
in his early ewenties:

The early part of the twelfth century was a curious age of Popes and Anti-Popes; of
holy wars within Christendom; of the Italian nation trading happily with the German
nation invadingit. Gratiangbattled with all his substantial might and power to keep lraly
strong, knowing birth tied his power to its. Thus he used treaties, trade agreements and
troops @ weapons against the Holy Roman Empire.

Burit seemed nothing could stem the tide of endless invasions. As the armies of the
Empire came closer to seizing the Papacy from Rome, the Italians desperately sought a
new strategy.

‘Amid high hopes for peace (and praise), the young Gratiano embarked on a series
of diplomatic missions to the court of the Holy Roman Emperor to negotiate for greater
autonomy. After months of futile bargaining, however, he realized his countrymen's
insincerity in the negotiations.

Thar they had sent him, him of all people, only to stall, was unbearable to the
ambitious young man: His bitcemess grew as he saw the dazzling wealth of the Emperor's
court, and slowly he began adopting German customs. This, coupled with the lack of
action on his investiture, began severing his ties to his homeland.

A German noble quickly noted Gratiano's dissatisfaction and began working on him:
Inshort order, the Italian patriot agreed to betzay his Pope and his people in return for
a German estate and entry into the clergy of the Holy Roman Empire. He maneuvered
the elderly patriarch ofhis family into signing away valuable territorial control to the Holy
Roman Empite, and laid the groundwork for a siege of northern Italian cities.

His glee at how well the plan caught his family off guard knew no bounds, and his
happiness would have been complete if not for the intervention of an ancient vampire.

His Death

Gratiano's base betrayal of his own family caught the eye of the founder of the
Lasombra lan of vampires. Though long separate from the mortal world, the founderstill
covertly manipulated Italian'politics. Gratiano's cunning and malice so impressed him
that he decided to take the noble into his vampiric family.

Lasombra fervently believed his progeny should not be taken by force, but instead
Embraced only when they wanted a vampiric existence as passionately and as desperately
as they desired their next breaths, He believed, as do many other Kindred, that the ties
of true loyalty are far stronger than the supernatural ties of the Blood.

So, before Gratiano could sayor his German estate, Lasombra arranged for him to
return to Verona to hammer out the agreement's fine details. The young man feared an
eleventh-hour "retum to the people he was betraying, but "knew all his work
depended on it.


Upon his arrival, he found his family waiting with manacles.
‘They ambushed him, beat him and placed him under house arrest.
When the armies of the Holy Roman Empire did not come to
release him, he began to despair that all his plans had come to
nothing.

Lasombra rose from his deep sleep to make a late-night visit
to the imprisoned young man. Passing through the cell walls, the
intimidating Antediluvian offered to intercede for the stunned
youth in return for utter loyalty. To his surprise, Gratiano did not
jump at the offer, and showed skepticism about joining the
mysterious Lasombra. He already had plans for his own release,
and elt confident his personal charm would win the day ina battle
against his weakened family.

Still, Gratiano's doubts were assuaged by the continued
presence of the ancient vampire, and eventually Gratiano ac-
cepted, seeingasure path tosafetyand power. Asthe Antediluvian
congratulated himself on a fine addition to his line, Gratiano
began looking for ways to take his sire's place. He easily surmised
that Lasombra was looking foran enthusiastic, eager son, sohe put
ona great display of enthusiasm and loyalty.

Gratiano's cleverness deceived the Antediluvian utterly, but
the ancient vampire's eldest childe, Montano, was not so easily
duped. Montano, apowerful warriorand leaderofLasombra'selite
Victory Corps, saw though the young man's duplicity. He warned
his sire of his misgivings, but Lasombra scoffed, accusing the loyal
Montano of rank jealousy toward his new brother.

ForyearsGratianoseemed to fulfill the Antediluvian'shopes.
When the master was around, he was a loyal, fawning toady.
When he was away from hissire, he constantly tested the practical
limitations of his ties. Lasombra felt refreshed after taking a new
son and never suspected Gratiano of disloyalty, especially after
Montano convinced him to ensure the Italian's loyalty with a
Blood Bond. He never guessed Gratiano was the lastson he would
ever take.

His Unlife

The young nobleman traded the precarious world of Italian
intrigue for the ferocious world of vampiric politics. During the
following centuries, he learned the ways of the Kindred and
became adeptat the stratagems they used against one another. He
also bridled at the rigid status system locking Montano and
Lasombra's othersons above him ina fixed, immutable hierarchy.

His daring had rocketed him to power in the mortal world,
but he now found himself in a cold world where lifespans were
measured in millennia and rapid ascensions were impossible. He
wanted immediate respect and hated the thought that high status
would take centuries to earn. His hatred was further fueled by the
successes of Montano, who enjoyed great popularity in the Italian
court and military victories abroad. Gratiano continued to do as
he was told, but his heart burned once more with traitorous
venom.

The anarch movement came to Italy on stealthy wings, in
knowing winks and subtle intimations. Intolerant and fearful
elders snuffed out the few angry young prophets preaching the


anarch creed, but the movement burned brighter with each
attempt to smother it. Under Montano's leadership, the Lasombra
clan proved especially adept at rooting out and crushing anarchs.
The only place they did nor think to look was at home.

When the anarchs made appeals to Lasombra's progeny,
Montano and the other childer caught and killed them. Because
Gratiano was the most recentof the Antediluvian's creations, the
anarchs singled him out for special temptations. Publicly he
battled them, but secretly he sought their attentions. When he
learned they could break the compellingpower of the Blood Bond,
he agreed to join. Ina secret midnight ritual, he shared the blood
of twelve anarchs and shook off the ties to his master.

The newly freed Gratiano hatched a sinister plot to kill his
sire, He brought special sacrificial anarchs before the Lasombra
council in Sicily, claiming he caught them hiding in the Lasombra
palace. The elders probed the minds of the anarchs and learned
Montano, eldest son of Lasombra, had brought them in to kill the
other brothers. These images, planted in the anarchs' mind by
Assamite allies, tore apart the court. Some of the Lasombra
clamored for Montano's blood. Others called it a cheap anarch
trick and insisted Montano was innocent. While their master
slept, they chose sidesand fell to bloody squabbling. Only Montano
refused to participate.

Acthe apex of the suspicion and chaos, the anarchs attacked.
The weakened Lasombra clan reeled under the impact of the full
fury of Europe's anarchs, aided by the Assamites and Lasombra
anarchs like Gratiano. The clan fell like a house of cards, and a
mighty anarch leader attacked, defeated and drank the blood of
the Lasombra founder. Only Montano and a handful of others
survived utter destruction.

Gratiano predicted the other clans would fall as easily as his
own, and helped mold the reckless energy of the anarchs into the
Sabbat. Sobered by the destruction of Lasombra, however, the
other elders banded their houses together into the Camarilla and
presented a unified front against their rebellious progeny. They
defeated the Assamites, and fight the Sabbat to this day.

Gratiano, now an Archbishop of the Sabbat, works to under-
mine the Camarilla. Through political maneuvering, corruption
of Camarilla neonates and outright violence, he and the other
Sabbat leaders fight their ancient enemies from city to city.
Though he has not attained more outright victories like the one
over his sire, he is content to rule over an unruly force of anarchs

His Nature

Thearrogant Italian nobleman presides over his Sabbat court
with disdain bordering on contempt. The wild, rebellious anarchs
remind him of the lumpen peasants with whom he avoided
associating during his human life. He yearns for elevated, civilized
company, but knows his fate decrees less ennobling associates.
Still, as one of his idols observed, better to rule in hell than serve
in heaven.



LAMBACH

Tzimisce Elder of the Sabbat

Dreams you didn't dare are dead
Were they ever.there? Who said?:
You' won't remember,

You won't remember at all:

The roads you never take

Go through rocky ground,
Don' they?

The choices that you make
Aren't all that grim:

The worlds you never see

Seil will be around, won'e they?
The man Pll never be,

Who remembers him?

— Stephen Sondheim,
"The Road You Didn't Take"

Vampires have
@ bled the lands
of Eastern Eu-
A ropetothebone
4 forthousands of
years. From the
Tremere to the
Brujah: to: the.
64 Tzimisce to the
reatese
zimisce‘of all,
Vlad: Dracula,
the ‘territories
north. of 'Bul-
garia have seen'no peace from the
bloodletting. But in'this nightmare land;
evensome of the vampiressleepan uneasy
sleep as they wait for Gehenna.

His Life

‘The ‘Tzimisce clan loomed over the noble families -of medieval Hungary and
Romania, casting a long shadow over all their houses. The vampire clan selected many
of its neonates from a pool of powerful young aristocrats who were raised specifically to
become undead. This ensured them a line of noble-born fledglings, bred to wield power.
Unfortunately, italio created a host of spoiled childer with weak genes and weaker wills
= childer like Lambach Ruthven.

His Death

‘Though bom toprivilege and power, Lambach Ruthven never wielded hiscommand
withimuch confidence orcourage: A weak, indecisive man, he became a weak, indecisive
vampire lord, promoted over far worthier rivals by dint of the accident of his birth, He
flourished only by squandering the great reserve of power his ancestors had stored forhim.

He lived his life in fear of the inevitable Embrace and tried his best to avoid it.
Because he spent so much time dreading the bite, he suffered greatly when his Tzimisce
sire drained his blood. The vampiric ritual lasted only three hours, but to Lambach itfelt
like an eternity of sheer and utter hell. Lambach suffered the rorments of the damned and
did not come through the ordeal intact: After the excruciating agony subsided, he
withdrew into himself and became an anxiety-ridden, desperate, terrified bully.

His Unlife

Tambach lacked the courage and cleverness to nile effectively, but inherited a large
power base to administrate and many loyal followers. His Tzimisce leaders demanded that
he help fight the Tremere, fend off che rampaging anarchs, and control the ebb and flow
of mortal power. He usually did a poor job and seldom measured up to complicated tasks,
which often involved toppling princes from their thrones and installing weaker mon-
archs.

But trouble stirred in the Transylvanian highlands. The anarchs, heady from their
success in destroying and committing diablerie' upon: the Lasombra Antediluvian,
attacked the Tzimisce clan in force. They captured many weaker Tzimisces, demanding
that they join the anarchs or die: Lambach's site called all his childer to defend him and
escaped, leaving his childer to be slain. Lambach put up a weak fight before the renegades
overwhelmed and captured him: Lambach agreed to convert rather than die.

The anarch leader Lugoj broke Lambach's Blood Bond to the Tzimisces, but could
notinstill couragein him. Still, Lugoj needed Lambach's knowledge to lead his fratricidal
band to the hiding place of the Tzimisce founder. Lambach took Lugoj and'a mob of
anarchs to the ancient cathedral where the Tzimisce Antediluvian slumbered, The
Teimisce guardians pucup a great fight, but after'a wicked battle, the anarchs won. They
dispelled the magical protections and unearthed the ancient vampire from his torpor.
Lugoj himself greedily consumed the Antediluvian's blood:

But fearwelled up in Lambach when he saw how weak the Antediluvian seemed =
as ithe were no more powerful than aneonate. He studied the Antediluvian's body before
it crumbled to dust, and sweated blood when he saw telltale signs of flesticrafting.


Lambach knew well the power of the Tzimisces to mold the mortal
clay, enabling them to disguise and disfigure themselves and
others. The destroyed vampire was not the Antediluvian, but had
been fleshcrafted to look like him.

As the anarchs rejoiced in their triumph, Lambach fearfully
studied the carnage in the cathedral. A wave of terror overcame
him, forhisadvanced powers of perception showed him something
the other anarchs could not see.

The real anarch leader Lugoj hung behind them, impaled on
a massive wooden hook and hidden with a powerful spell of
invisibility. Sowho was the Lugoj who stood rejoicingbefore them?

Ina gut-rending flash, Lambach realized what had happened.
The Tzimisce Antediluvian was not dead, but had subdued the
anarch leader Lugoj during the fight and taken over his form. The
anarchshad killed and drunk the blood of afleshcrafted look-alike,
not the real Antediluvian. The real Antediluvian was standing in
their midst, pretending to be the anarch leader.

"Lugoj" just smiled at Lambach, as Lambach stared in horror.
"Be a good lad," the Antediluvian warned, as his blazing eyes
pierced Lambach to the core. He then announced to the other
anarchs:

"Alas, I must now go into torpor like the very one whom I
have just destroyed. You will now complete the conquest of the
hated Tzimisces. I shall wait for you. On the night of Gehenna, I
shall arise and we shall rule the world together! While the other
Antediluvians eat their clans, I will join with you, my trusted
brethren, and destroy the other Antediluvians! We shall be
complete, and we shall prevail! Wait for Gehenna. Plan for
Gehenna. On the night of Gehenna, | shall come for you."

Lambach tried to flee the castle ahead of the other anarchs,
but they caught him and made sure he stayed in line. He feared
telling them that the Antediluvian lived on. He wondered if the
Antediluvian would rise up againsthim orreward himon Gehenna.

The frightened Lambach went back to his work controlling
mortal affairsof state. Though he now worked for the anarchsand
the newly formed Sabbat, he felt the orders from the top were
similar to his old orders.


For example, he had to continue promoting the members of
the Danesti family in their bid for the Wallachian throne. But
upstart rulers gave him a hard time, and by the time Prince Vlad
Dracula ascended the throne, Lambach struggled for any influ-
ence at all. He supported Dracula's cousins Vladislav I and Dan
II in their bids to wrest Dracula's throne from the rightful heir.

Thanks to Lambach's incompetence, Vlad clung to power
and even caught one of Lambach's vampiric spies. The impaler
prince kept the neonate spy imprisoned in Castle Dracula and
drank his powerful blood to gain inhuman strength

Lambach's Sabbat leader Lord Tabak punished Lambach for
allowing this flagrant violation of vampiric power, and led a group
of vampires to depose the impudent prince. But before they
reached Castle Dracula, they walked into a trap. A group of
Camarilla Justicars ambushed them, capturing Lambach, forcing
Tabak into torpor, and destroying the rest.

Before the Justicars could destroy Lambach, however, the
mortal prince Dracula attacked, slaying the weakened Justicars.
Dracula forced Lambach to turn him into a vampire and then
drained the blood of Lambach's defenseless regent Tabak

Dracula turned Lambach loose, but not before warming his
"sire" never to challenge him. Lambach fled and returned to the
Trimisces. He feared they would destroy him if they knew he
unleashed a vampire prince upon the world who had the power of
his sire Tabak, but was loyal only to himself. So he did not reveal
what happened to him, and reported only the Justicar attack.
Dracula soon visited the Tzimisces, refusing to describe his par-
entage.

His Nature

is filled with fear and regret. He knows
the anarchs did norkill their founder as the Lasombraanarchs did.
Unfortunately, all the Tzimisce anarchs believe they did. The
Tzimisce Antediluvian lives on, waiting patiently for a rapidly
approaching Gehenna. But what then? Will the unsuspecting
clan fall prey to the wily Antediluvian? Will the ancient vampire
reward Lambach's silence? Or will he have a special torture
waiting for his treacherous descendant?

Lambach regrets not revealing the corpse of the impaled
Lugoj, oratleasttryingtomake the other anarchssee it. He regrets
joining the anarchs. He regrets trying to depose Vlad Dracula, a
fiasco that ended in Dracula's existence as an independent
Trimisce. He regrets much. He has tried confiding his fears in
otheranarchs, but they scoff.at the thought of the Antediluvian's
continued existence. So he waits for Gehenna with growing
unease and fear.



MONTANO

Lasombra Antitribu of the Camarilla

There is to fate that cannot be sie
mounted by scom.

— Albert Camus,

"The Myth of Sisyphus"

No other tragedy dey-

astates @ loyal vampire
childe with the same
apocalypticfuryas does
the death ‘of the. pro-
genitor. Even beyond
the sorrow caused by the
loss. of sire or. prince,
the loss of the clan
founder evokes @ sense
of abandonment be-
yond the: ability of
mortals to understand.
For Montano, internal
conflicts over the de-
struction ~ of the
Lasombra Antedilu-
vian gofar beyond those
known to any other
Kindred.

His Life

Montano's story began thousands of years ag0 on the Masai steppes of East Africa,
‘He'came into the worldon Mount Kilimanjaro in the midst of a vicious storm — a storm
which killed his mother. The shaman of the nomadic Falcon tribe saw the survival of the
infant asa powerful augury. He named the child Ontai, which meant Enduring, and took.
himas an apprentice shaman.

The remarkable child showed exceptional insight into the world of animals and
spirits. His great compassion and unquenchable thirst for knowledge pleased the shaman.

During Ontai's sixth year, the skies cracked open and a great plague racked the tribe.
Anevil vampiric spirit followed, in the form ofa pale, gray man who demanded the tribe's
young as tribute. The devastated tribe fought back, and the shaman unleashed the power
of the spirit world, but the stranger easily stood against them. He mocked the shaman as
heflayed the flesh from his bones. The young Ontai solemnly swore on the skull of the
murdered shaman that he would rid his tribe of the malign entity regardless of the cost.

The vampire, an ancient grandchilde of Caine named Lasombra, had walked the
comers of the earth to find a perfect childe. After creating and destroying legions of
disappointing offspring, he decided he could only make a worthy, loyal childe by raising
it himself,

Even though the Blood Bond enforced loyalty, Lasombra hated the thought that the
young vampire might Secretly plot against him in his innermost heart, He craved
faithfulness even beyond his final annihilation; so he crafted a thousand cruel games to
test the loyalty of his offspring: He obliterated each one as soon as it failed to measure up
to his impossible standards, and soon:had killed them all

The powerful Cainite devised a plan to gaina truly loyal son. He would find powerful
people with strong bodies, great courage, and an abiding sense of honor, and terrorize
them into making one. The Falcon tribe of the Masai people seemed perfect: healthy,
victorious in battle, and determined to die rather than give up their honor.

Lasombra set up a cruel behavioral experiment. He ravaged the Falcon tribe with
plagues and spititual despair, and told the people they would perish if they didnotproduce
a.child who would be eternally loyal to him. Once the tribe had offered a child to the
vampire, he selected Ontai, a shaman in training, to serve as the primary playmate to his
"son." To build the child's gratitude and loyalty, Lasombra made sure the child had
everything he wanted. To make the boy.a natural leader, the tribe had to obey the boy
atall times. Lasombra felt this would turn his "son" into a natural leader: accustomed to
giving orders to men and being instantly obeyed.

But the experiment collapsed in shambles. The ancient vampire had envisioned a
powerful, determined son committed to his father's glory. What he got was an arrogant,
spoiled man-child, concerned only.with his own pleasure: Raised in luxury, this son had
no concept of achievement over adversity, and could not shrewdly jockey for position'
with others. Worst of all, his highest priority was not serving his lord and "father," but
indulging petty whims.

In'anger, Lasombra destroyed his "son" and hurled the boy's remains into the tribal
meeting place: He told the people he would destroy half of them as punishment and start
the experiment again. Once he had a formula for producing perfect offspring, the village
would make him sons forever. The people of the Falcon tribe rose up and launched a great
war against the pale spirit. During the bloody night, Lasombra slaughtered many of the


warriors, but did not manage to wipe out half the village. He fled
as the first rays of dawn touched the blood-drenched fields, but
vowed to return the following night and finish his butchery.

His Death

Lasombra rose from his earthen sanctum the next night and
found ashock. Ontai (now a young man) sat over him, watching.
The apprentice shaman had somehow traced the vampire to his
hidden lair, and for some reason didn't attack the sleeping
monster.

Ontai immediately swore loyalty to the vampire, offering his
life in eternal service, even beyond Lasombra's destruction. He
did not bargain for his village's existence or state conditions, but
gave himself freely.

This immediately raised Lasombra's suspicions, but his curi-
osity overwhelmed him. He stole the life from the unresisting
youngman and replaced Ontai's blood with his own undead ichor.
But he did not force a Blood Bond upon Ontai. He did not trust
Ontai to be truly honorable and loyal, and wished to put him to
the test.

He took Ontai back to the village and commanded the young
man to kill everyone within, starting with his dearest friends.
Ontai began to do this without hesitation.

Inthat moment, Lasombra realized that Ontai would keep his
cath atall costs —even to the utter destruction of hispeople. And
he would do it simply because he had given his word thathe would.
Yet because Ontai agreed without any coercion, Lasombra could
not duplicate the experiment. The success relied entirely on
Ontai's free will — the only factor Lasombra could not control,

The vampire stopped Ontai from killing the tribe, Blood
Bound him, and left the Falcon tribe, never to return. All Ontai
took with him was the skull of the fallen shaman, as a symbol of
the undying promise he had made.

The vampire was amazed and deeply disturbed by the turn of
events. He had created a perfect childe of honor and loyalty, but
had come no closer toward finding a formula to make such
offspring. He could never force anyone to possess Ontai's honor
or duplicate his sacrifice

Deep in his undead heart Lasombra silently wondered: did
the childe outfox him? Did a mere boy trick the ancient Kindred
into leaving the Falcon people in peace? But how could he?
Lasombra might have let him destroy the tribe. And yet the fact
remained — because he was willing to destroy his people, Ontai
saved them all

His Unlife

Lasombra gave Ontai the Western name Montano and took
him around the Old World, instilling terror and creating a legion
of progeny. Montano assisted his master in creating and testing
the childer. Few measured up to Montano, and none could match
his unswerving honor. The Antediluvian realized that his eldest
son's honor came from within him; it was a force beyond his
control and ability to reproduce in other sons. Because of that,


Lasombra never felt entirely comfortable around Montano, and
favored his other, less worthy offspring. If Montano suffered under
the weight of this injustice, the world never knew.

The Lasombra clan expanded quickly and moved its home
from the Iberian Peninsula to Imperial Rome. To the mortal
world, Montano appeared as a mysterious, dashing, romantic
figure in the Roman court. His dark, chiseled features and noble
bearing made him the envy of many courtiers and earned him the
affection of many women. He parlayed every ounce of authority
he eared into expanding the clan's power, in contrast with other
sons who sought command to feed their own vainglorious egos.

Montano assembled an elite legion of powerful warriors,
which Lasombra called his Victory Corps, and led bloody skir-
mishes and daring political maneuvers against the other vampire
clans. Their battles spilled over into human affairs and shaped

Suropean history through wars fought by mortal pawns. Montano's
strength as a warrior and courage asa leader made his "night-dark
troops" a fearsome sight on the battlefield. He spread a far-
reaching spy network across the Roman Empire and beyond. To
centralize Lasombra power, he saw to it that the far-flung pagan
empire yielded to the more consolidated Christian Empire.

his

His Nature

Asthe centuries wore on, Lasombra's blood thinned until he
could not remain active for long. Hespent more time in torporand
left his sons torun hisaffairs. The clan made its home in Sicily, far
removed from Italy's wars with the invading armies of the Ven-
true-dominated Holy Roman Empire. The Lasombra built a great
castle to protect their sleeping monarch, and worked to settle the
wars with the Germans.

7hen news of the anarch revolt reached the Italian court,
Montano sympathized with the cause. Still, the anarchs posed a
threat to his master, and the loyal son worked to crush them. His
"brother" Gratiano betrayed him by joining the anarchs, taking
vital secrets with him

The anarchs attacked the castle and defeated the guards; one
oftheir leaderseven drank the blood of Lasombra. The remaining
clan members had to choose between joining the anarchs or
dying. They all chose surrender and joined the enemy. All but
Montano.

Though he despised the ancient vampire and was grateful for
his death, Montano had made an eternal pledge of loyalty and
refused to brea

So he chose a third option — escape. He fled the castle and
joined the fledgling Camarilla as one of their few Lasombra
antitribus.

Montano's strongest quality is his willingness to endure his
fate. Because of his honor, he continues his service. Because of his

deep humanity, he continues to be appalled by his own actions
Hisisa tortured existence, but his honor is of greater value tohim
than his relative comfort


WAis2


ETRIUS

Tremere of the Inner Circle

Fiends are legion, we discover; our no-
blest hopes grow teeth and pursue us like
tigers.

—John Gardner,
In the Suicide Mountains

Allvampireclanscan
trace their bloodlines
back to a single an-
cient progenitor —
Yd Caine himself. All
4 vampireclansburone.
The Tremere are
unique among the
Kindred in chat their
founder became a
vampire through his
own efforts, not the
A bite of another.
The clan began
asamedieval house of
wizards called the
Tremere, which felt
its grasp loosening on a world increasingly
parched of magical energies. The Tremere
watched helplessly as magic eroded like
streams in a drought, leaving the Eartha
barren, dusty landscape of sterile science.
‘They sought refuge in the dark world
of supernatural, necromantic: forces.
Through diabolic rituals they traded their
souls for the immortality and bloodlust of
vampirism. Thus they remained on Earth
as the rest of theirkind migrated to differ-
ent planes, went underground in human
society, or expired. In the face of growing
rationalism, deism and demonism,
vampirism became their only refuge. And
© © theystill wonder ifthe prize was worth the
price.

His Life

The siren call of magic beckons to very few, but those few who hear the call dare not
refuse. it. A small'Swedish boy:named Emus heard the summons in his little medieval
village. He could not control his powers, and his magical insights nearly drove him mad.
Finally, the quiet, shy, introspective child left his home and embarked on along, lonely,
dangerous pilgrimage to find wizards. He arrived exhausted at the Tremere Covenant in
Sweden. The Tremere mages immediately recognized his potential and took him in as an
apprentice.

Etrius quickly distinguished himself, mastering complex spells with energy and skill.
Arelentless fire blazed in the quiet boy, driving him to burrow deeper and deeper into the
occult landscape. When he mastered everything the Swedish Covenant could teach him,
heitransferred to the Transylvanian Covenant, which vigorously sought out new spells.
Though he could again feed his obsession with new spells, his happiness collapsed when
he stumbled on a horrible secret.

Magic was slowly dying, ebbing away from the world of man. Even millennia-old
enchanted creatures were fading from Earth's reality. The few mages who knew about the
Great Loss faced an uncertain future of powerlessness and mortality.

The great, charismatic wizard Tremere refused to accept the Great Loss, and hoped
against hope that one day the magic would rerum. He declared that his Order of Hermes
would survive the loss of magic by any means necessary. He tested many spells to create
eternal life, but found them all fatally flawed, since they. all drew their power from the
world's fading magic source. In the end he concluded that the only form of immortality
not severely degraded by the loss of magic was vampirism.

Tremere's ideas touched off a firestorm within the wizards' Order. Many saw the plan
asa mad gamble that risked sacrificing their soulsand very humanity for eternal life. They
might not survive the ordeal as men, but as soulless monsters:

Undaunted, Tremere gathered his most devoted followers for the task. Etrius disliked
the plan and argued against it, "What if immortality cannot be separated from the curse
of vampirism?" he asked. "What then?"

But Tremere was used to obedience and ultimately carried the day. Etrius: dutifully
fell in line and ‘carried out crucial research in the plan. But all along, he feared
surrendering his essential humanity.

His Death

The mages asembled in the Transylvanian Covenant, and used the bodies of
captured Tzimisce vampires to invoke and transfer the vampires! immortality to them-
selves. But the spells went awry. Pain lanced through the wizards' bodies like razors. Theit
organs shriveled, their hearts stopped;and the pure blood in their veins turned to poison.
‘The mages collapsed, overcome with agony. As Etzius choked on his own tainted blood,
he felt something precious and neatly invisible flee his body. Etrius mourned its loss
without knowing quire what was gone. Though they all survived, they survived as

vampires.

Tn the chaotic days that followed, the Tremere vampires who eagerly embraced the
oss of their humanity maneuvered to wrest control of the new vampiric Order away from
the more reluctant mages. Etrius suffered blistering magical attacks by rivals who felt he
was too weak to be one of them.


Tremere feared losing a full balance of opinion within his
new Order, and attacked hisunruly charges. He forced his vampitic
legions to stop fighting among themselves, and Blood Bound
them inarigid hierarchy beneath him—his pyramid of power. To
keep them honest, he linked them by telepathic bonds and kept
constant tabs on them. Any Tremere vampire who did not act in
the interests of the leader disappeared, and a more deserving
member took his place in the pyramid.

Tremere rewarded the faithful Etrius by making him one of
the seven vampires in his Inner Circle. But Etrius wondered to
himself if Tremere really knew all along that the spell would turn
them into vampires. His doubts weakened his respect for the great
wizard,

His Unlife

Errius continued his studies in magic, relieved to know that
his magical facilities had not been sacrificed along with his
humanity. He eagerly studied his new physical and magical
abilities, curious about all the changes in his own body and mind
and will. For a time, he was happy.

But Tremere was not content to look inward and contem-
plate magic. He focused outward, on temporal power. He sent the
seven vampires who made up his Inner Circle to dominate the rest
of the Tremere house. Etrius sadly left his research rower and
traveled Europe, turning old friends into subservient vampires
and binding them into their new clan.

The greatest resistance the Tremere "clan" faced came from
the other thirteen vampire clans, who considered the new group
a dangerous intrusion into their neatly ordered world. They felt
violated by this upstart clan of vampires that did not descend from
Caine and had no Antediluvian progenitor.

But Tremere had solution to that problem. Ashe navigated
the murky, primeval world of vampire lore, he learned that a
vampire can absorb the power of any other vampire whose blood
he consumes — even a progenitor Antediluvian. He summoned
his Inner Circle and put them to work researching Antediluvian
power. Etrius came through again, crafting cunning spells to
locate a slumbering third generation vampire.

They located several, but settled on Saulot, founder of the
Salubri line. Etrius felt uncomfortable attacking the weakly de-
fended Saulor, but could formulate no real reason forhisreticence.
The magical energies given off by Saulot were alien and pure, and
they terrified him. Tremere overrode Etrius and decided to attack
Saulot.

Tremere and his Inner Circle tapped the power of the entire
clan and raised Saulot from torpor. Tremere magically restrained
the Antediluvian and drank his blood. In the mad rush of the
blood frenzy, only Etrius noticed that killing Saulot was far too
easy. Saulot died with a look of serenity that chilled Etrius to the
bone.

After consuming the power of a vampire clan founder,
Tremere could call his house a true vampire clan, and force the
other Kindred to take them seriously. The other clans trembled in
terror as the Tremere destroyed the Salubri vampires, knowing


that each immortal Antediluvian was now just as vulnerable as
any neonate. Etrius told Tremere his fears, but the wizard lord
refused to listen, flying high on the surge of his newfound power.
Once Tremere went into torpor, the debate officially ended.

His Nature

The reluctant vampire mage Etrius lives in fear of the future.
Saulot knew something none of the other vampires knew —
something old, dark, wet and long buried. Ie frightened Etrius like
nothing ever before

Etrius roams the havens of the Tremere on a slow burn,
uneasy and afraid. His joy in learning, his questing curiosity, his
passion for magic, and everything else that once motivated him
has crumbled to ashes.

He still has nightmares of his act. The diablerie he helped
Tremere commit haunts him like a specter. In the darkest hours
of the night he succumbs to depression, concluding that he has

crossed over an invisible line and can never cross back. Etrius
suspects his act has unleashed something terrible at the heart of
the vampire mystery.

He doesn't know what. He doesn't know how. He just knows
the look on Saulor's face, as if Saulot somehow invited the attack.
As if the Antediluvian had attained Golconda and, from that
mystical state of purity, willingly accepted Tremere into his soul.



DURGA SYN

Ravnos Elder and Independent

The canker-blooms have full as deep a
dye

‘As the perfiumed tincture of the roses.

William Shakespeare, "Sonnet LIV

| For centuries the
Russian peasants
9} feared the Czars, the
‘Cossacks, the curses
of the Gypsies and
the night-dark crea-
tures that skittered
GA though the silent
Wy woods afterdusk, But
4 most of all, they
eH feared Baba Yaga:
Baba Yaga the hag.
The sorceress. The

flesh eacer.
The undyingNosferatu vampire Baba
Yaga spread-a long, corrosive influence
over the land, and even the mightiest
heroes trembled before her. Her shadow
lingered over the Rodina long after she
entered torpor. She worked her wicked
will chrough human vassals, enslaved
enchanted beings, and her Blood Bound
Nosferatu childer, Only the mysterious
‘vampite priestess Durga Syn possessed the
strength to challenge her and survive.

Her Life

For centuries the ancient Mother Goddess religion enjoyed strong popularity and
devored adherents among the people of pre-Christian Russia. Peasants worked vigorously
in the ancient land, worshipping their fertility gods and goddesses with equal fervor.

The young priestess Durga Syn lived an exciting life of initiation into the mysteries
of the Goddess. The beautiful and:clever initiate delighted in the wild ecstasies'of the
pagan rituals, and devoted her lifeto the fearlessexploration ofthe innerand ourerrealms.

In those magical days, wise women and cunning men consorted with. immortal
enchanted creatures as often as they associated with their fellow mortals. Durga Syn
enjoyed the company of a host of faeries, Lupines, vampires and spirits no longer known
to our world. The purity of her sexuality and the innocence of her spirituality gained her
the admiration and friendship of many beings, who saw her as a trusted mediator and
peacemaker in their many disputes.

Unfortunately, the young priestess also attracted the attention of Baba Yaga, an
ancient fourth generation Nosferatu who had degenerated into cruelty and madness, She
behaved mainly as an unstable instigator, gleefully terrorizing the Russian countryside
with powerful spells and far-reaching curses. Her manipulations pitted one force against
another, and she created mistrust and war wheré once there was accord and harmony.

But many of her tidal waves of war evaporated into mist after Durga Syn shone the
lear light of reason and compassion on them. After Durga Syn helped settle a precarious
disagreement between the Ravnos clan and the Lupines of the Novgorod Forest, Baba
Yaga declared the priestess a severe obstacle to her sport, and: vowed to stop her.

The hag, whohad herself been afollowerofthe Mother Goddess before the Nosferaru
‘Antediluyian Embraced her, offered Durga Syn power, immortality and great wisdom as
her closest daughter: Alll she demanded was eternal obedience.

Durga thanked the hagforheroffer butrejected the gift, explaining thatshe preferred
toexperience the full cycle of lifeand death naturally, and under her own will. Baba Yaga
screeched that no one ever rejected her and lived to boast of ity and puta curse on both
Durga Syn and her Motherland.

"Ifyou ate so very eager to feel your supple bones grow brittle and your firm flesh sag
and grow mottled, then'so be it!" Baba Yaga shrieked. She cast a powerful spell of deep
illusion onthe young priestess. Durga no longer looked young and innocent, but old,
haggard and vile. Baba Yaga then embarkedon her cruelest game ofall: She cursed Mother
Russia co suffer an incursion of war that would last for centuries and hound Durga Syn's
ancient religion unto death.

Her Death

Shortly after Baba Yaga's curse, the Christian missionaries came, bringing war and
pestilence. They would not accepe Durga Syn's mediation and fought all who would not
‘convert. They crushed the old religion and instituted their own in its place. Durga and
her allies fell before the onslaught, which coincided with the time that magic began to
fade from the world:


As Durga lay dying, Baba Yaga appeared before her, prepared
to take her in vampiric Embrace. Russian Ravnos vampires, irate
over the horrors Baba Yaga capriciously inflicted on their land,
created a great illusion of Christian soldiers attacking the ha
While Baba Yaga fought the illusions, the Ravnos whisked away
the dying priestess and gave her the gift of unlife.

Though saddened by her undead condition, Durga Syn
determined to use her newfound power to resist the forces of
intolerance blanketing her Rodina. She fought Baba Yaga's cruel
plans and resisted the swordpoint conversion of her people.

Though she silently endured both Baba Yaga's curse of age
and hernewly acquired bloodlust, every fiber of her being rebelled
against the twin violations of her human spirit. Due to the
unnatural extension of her existence, she was forced to watch as
the centuries eroded magic from the world and washed her dearest
immortal companions from the shores of Earth,

&
ik

{ a,
Ge vampit Qs

Her Unlife

But even immortal evil cannot continue indefinitely. The
witch Baba Yaga, wounded by the same forces which sapped magic
from Earth, lost much of her power and ultimately had to go
underground in a state of torpor. The Nosferatu clan saw to her
business in her absence, though many of them went their own
way

With Baba Yaga gone, Durga Syn found clever ways to
sabotage the Nosferatu's more insidious plans. She threw herself
into herstudies of magic, and succeeded in partially unbindingthe
magic spell holding her in an ugly, weak, decrepit form. (Even


today, however, she has not fully freed herself; her unbindingspell
works only briefly, and during those times her power grows
stronger and stronger.)

She funneled vital information to Kindred and mortals
whom she thought could help right the many wrongs inflicted on
the world by the likes of Baba Yaga. She helped mortal rulers resist
the manipulation of vampires and other wicked supernatural
creatures. Prince Vlad Dracula of Wallachia heeded her advice
and became one of the few independent vampires. She later
assisted him in his search for Golconda, and magically bolstered
his efforts to keep the Inconnu demon under control.

She helped Camarilla vampires go underground and remain
hidden from the Inquisitors. She instructed members of the
Sabbat in unifying their anarchic group when it threatened to fly
apart in a thousand different directions. She warned the Inconnu
about the dire consequences of their trafficking with demonic
powers, and has maintained contact with Lupines and the few
mages still remaining in the world.

She has aided both Camarilla and Sabbat forces during their
endless wars, infuriating both groups. She helped the Brujah stir
the Russian people to revolution against the corrupt Czars and
invader Church during the eatly twentieth century, but withdrew
her support after the revolutionaries embarked on a horrible path
of destruction and genocide. She struggled mightily against the
forces of living death that settled over the Russian Motherland
like a shroud, but was powerless to stop them.

Suddenly, near the end of the twentieth century, Baba Yaga
surfaced from torpor and returned to reclaim her nation. The hag
destroyed the Communist government and now has begun to
rebuild the Church. The forces of science weaken her magic, but
when the forces of religion are strong, people return to sorcery,
and strengthen her.

Durga Syn fears that Baba Yaga's return presages Gehenna,
and that the hag paves the way for the return of the Nosferatu
Antediluvian. She knows she must soon confront Baba Yaga, and
has built a formidable coalition of vampires, Lupines and other
creatures of power to assist in this task. The showdown is coming.

Her Nature

‘The mysterious Durga Syn grieves for the dream days when
magic filled the land, and would sacrifice herself to return the
magic. Ton between her role as pagan priestess and her super-
natural corruption, Durga is a woman of two worlds. She has
wreaked havoc in the land and has also bound the wounds of a
tortured Russia. Those who have crossed her path either love her
or hate her with a passion, but most fear her. She hungrily quests
after renewal and healing, just like her people and her land.


yA


GENEVRA.

Giovanni Ally of the Sabbat

Teseems to be much more than Art
When the Are you sell is you:
Be carefull how you play the game,
Or elbe the game plays you.
J.J Walker, "To the Arise"

iq Not all vampires sur-
W vived the Inquisition
through alliances with
the Camarilla: or' the
Sabbat. Some clans
endured those brutal
years by working even
closer with mortals;
burrowing deeper into
human society. The
necromancers of the
Giovanniclan retained
tremendous power: in
1] italy chroughouethe In-
quisition by working —
some say. too closely — with the very
Church that decimated the great vampire
clans of Europe.

Her Life

Some Camarilla Harpies warn their wayward fledglings that neonates must be as
unquestioningly devoted to their elders as are the young of the Giovanni, or the devil
necromancers will crush them all and enslave them as undead zombies. The Harpies
whisper chat the dreaded Giovanni clan only Embraces the most trusted members of its
own living family, rendering the clan impervious to betrayal from within

These rumors prey on a neonate's fear of facing'unified opposition from a diabolic
necromancer clan undivided by inner rifts, and keep some anarchsin line. But behind the
massive doors of carven oak which hide their blasphemous rituals from prying eyes, deep
gouges split the Giovanni family tree

Like mortal royal families which associate and marry only within a limited gene pool,
the Giovanni breed weak leaders for jobs requiring decisive taskmasters: Like royal
families with restrictive membership rolls, the Giovanni constantly fight each other in
covert feuds and bitter, hidden struggles. Outsiders brought in for mating purposes are
always held in suspicion by the family. Only hate and fearof the otherclans unite the old
and new members of the incestuous Giovanni

Genevra lived a divided, schizophrenic existence. By day she was a pampered
noblewoman in the mansions of the living, but when the sun went down she became an
abused menial in the vaults and catacombs of the undead. In the sunlit world of medieval
Italy, she lived a carefree life of high status and great luxury. In the nightmare crypts of
the Giovanni necromancers, she performed degrading chores and endured miserable
violations as a wholly irrelevant slave. :

When she ventured into the mortal world to carry out the orders of the Giovanni
vampires, the locals obeyed her instantly. This gave her a taste for privilege and power,
and a heightened sensé of her own importance. But the elders treated her entire family.
line as a powerless, expendable auxiliary branch thar would never be important to the
Giovanni as‘a whole.

Genevra had no hope of selection for the honor of the Embrace. Her family line
existed merely to serve the undying vampires, and to age and pass away while the main
body of the Giovanni stayed young and immortal. This undercut Genevra's lofty self
importance with a very real taste of her own insignificance. She despised it, writing in her
diary, "I refuse to watch my youth sour and my beauty sag when the keys to etemity are
within my sight but just out my of reach."

Her Death

She embarked on a campaign to woo the attention of the eligible Giovanni as they
matured, and received permission to set up their households, But she hadino status to offer
her quarry, and her naked power lust offended them.

Stinging from the rejections, Geneyra then contacted del Georgio, an important but
feeble-minded Giovanni elder vampire, and petitioned directly for the Embrace. She
flattered and pampered his ego, and gained his attention, He liked her forthrightness and
the way' she stirred his aged blood. But his wife Carmina took an instant dislike to the
ambitious young woman, and forbade del Georgio to take Genevra as his next childe.


Del Georgio, a weak and confused old vampire, acquiesced
to Carmina and rejected the young woman. Carmina whipped
Geneva for her temerity and told the other necromancers they
could use the girl in future experiments calling for live human
tissue. Suffering from the cruel treatment and fearing a gruesome
fate, Genevra vowed to take rapid revenge.

She played a risky game by contacting the dreaded Inquisi-
tion, which had declared open war on all vampires. She told the
Inquisitors she would deliver the wholly evil Queen of the
Giovanni vampires to them for destruction.

Onadaringnoontime raid, she smuggled Inquisitor assassins
past del Georgio's ghoulsand led them right into Carmina'sinner
sanctum, where they decapitated the sleeping vampire. Genevra
did not tell the vampire hunters that del Georgio, the real power
of the two, lay helpless just one room away. She smuggled the
Inquisitors back out, returned to the bloody chamber and slashed
her own body with the Inquisitors' stakes.

When del Georgio awoke, the sight of his wife's ashen
remains nearly drove him mad. Genevra claimed she had fought
to save Carmina, but the Inquisitors had nearly killed her. The
kindly old vampire rewarded her efforts by granting her the
Embrace. She accepted it eagerly, relishing the exquisite agony
as the culmination of her life's work.

Her Unlife

The cunning Genevra knew of del Georgio's confusion and
indecisiveness, and moved unbidden into the position formerly
held by his wife. She dominated the weak-willed old vampire in
the same way Carmina did, and used his power as her own. Many
of his superiors frowned on the presence ofa rank neonate in their
crypts of power, but were too busy fending off the Inquisition to
focus their attention and get rid of her.

So Genevra gained more power in the clan and maintained
her secret connections to the Inquisition. She convinced the
vampire hunters that the death of the "Queen" gutted the
Giovanni's power, and betrayed a few more sacrificial Giovanni
(mostly her enemies) to appease them. Working with other like-
minded Giovanni, she stopped fighting the vampire hunters;
indeed, she created a strong Giovanni presence within the
Church.

Her risky plan paid off handsomely when she gained a
measure of influence over the Inquisition itself. She successfully
diverted the Inquisition away ftom the Giovanni, steering them
toward foreigners, heretics, wise women and the poor people of
Europe — and toward other vampire clans.

She continued to use del Georgio's power to guide the
Giovanni and shape Church policy. She forced the clan to
initiate her into their necromantic mysteries, and she absorbed


tremendous magical powers. Many other elder necromancers still
resent the way Genevra gained and wields power, but dare not
challenge del Georgio. But they view Genevra as a temporary
Giovanni, and a nuisance to be disposed of soon.

To fend this off, Genevra has formed an alliance with the
Sabbat. She funnels money and resources to the reckless, irre-
sponsible anarchs, and they dedicate a portion of the deaths they
cause to the Giovanni. This gives the necromancers power
without risk, and keeps Genevra on top.

The Sabbat members don't know why the mysterious, aristo-
cratic, domineering Genevra willingly divulgesessential Giovanni
secretsto them, but they don'tcomplain. They owe hersome great
favors, and expect that soon they'll have to pay back. They are
looking forward to the chance

The Seraph Jalan-Aajav dedicates much of the carnage he
causes to Genevra, who in turn feeds on the death energy. But
Jalan suspects feeding Genevra's power could backfire in the long
run, and could turn on her at any time.

Her Nature

Genevra understands that the Giovanni Harpies conspire
against her, her Sabbat contacts waver in their commitment, and
even her Inquisition contacts could become public at any time.
She knows no peace of mind, but constantly oscillates between
rage, paranoia and deep depression.

Because she still has not been initiated into the very deepest
Giovanni circle, she fears the entire clan plots against her there.
To fend offany attack on her power, she conspireswith the Sabbat
and human vampire hunters. She walks the razor's edge in the
Giovanni, and knows she could be destroyed at any moment,


N i
AAU RN

VA St Sh Rae BENT OAD] ONO


JALAN-AAJAV

Black Hand Seraph of the Sabbat

Ratele Big Black Bones in the Danger
Zone

there's a rumblin' groan down below

there's a big dark toum it's a place I've
found

there's a world going on UNDER
GROUND!

They're alive, they're awake

while the rest of the world is asleep

below the mine shaft roads it wil all
unfold

there's a world going on UNDER
GROUND!

= Tom Waits, "Underground"

Terror has a name.
Among the fearsome
vampires that scuttle the
Sabbatunderground, one
name freezes the ill-got-
ten blood of the undead:
When the Sabbatneeds
to obliterate an oppo-
nent or terrorize a
reluctant ally into: com-
B plying, its members
invoke one name: Jalan-
Aajay.

Jalan-Aajav. The most frightening,
violentand monstrous assassin in the Sab-
bat arsenal; Asa Seraph, he does not
answer to even the highest Sabbat coun-
cils. He confers solely with the three other
Seraphs who lead the Black Hand squad-
ron —and often he ignores even them..

Mortals who have glimpsed him and
lived temember him in nightmares. To
the Camarilla, he embodies all thatis vile,
irresponsible and dangerously out of con-
trol with the Sabbat—all the reasonswhy
the Sabbat must be destroyed. Even his
fellow Sabbat members see him as a loose
cannon, recklessly endangering Kindred
and kine alike: But when they have their
backs to the wall in a fight to oblivion,
they're damn glad to have him on theit
side.

His Life

Mongol warriors chased fortune and glory across the steppes of Central Asia and
Europe for hundreds of yeats, and revolutionized warfare in: the process. The nomad
raiders earned a reputation forswiftand merciless strikesagainst even the most formidable
targets, and toppled civilizations far more advanced than their own. They crushed great
Cities to rubble and obliterated everything in their path.

Jalan-Aajav's family rode with the Mongol leader Genghis Khan on some of his
greatest conquests, and the boy joined the looting expeditions as soon as he could ride.
The frenzy and rigor of this wild life coarsened and toughened him, and the tribe soon
recognized him asa great warrior. He lived for the wild, frenetic raids and slew thirry men
in violent clashes before he was old enough for manhood rites.

‘On the day of his coming-of-age ritual, he told his fellow tribesmen that he never
expected to live more than a single day. He revealed a dream in which he saw himself
foaming the world asa dead warrior.

His Death

‘After great triumphs in China, Genghis Khan turned his attention to the Near East.
During an expedition to sack Russian villages, he sent a scouting party led by Jalan into
ahaunted grotto. Khan believed the Russians had hidden treasures in the grotto, because
the locals begged him not to enter it, claiming it was inhabited by monsters. Jalan
suspected the villagers told the truth, but arrogantly refused to heed the desperate
warnings. He paid the price for it. :

As the scouts made their way through the dark grotto, a band of great beasts attacked
them, extinguishing their torches and killing their horses. The monsters then hunted
down the Mongols one by one, killing each painfully and slowly.

Jalan kept his wits about him, and despite the meager light noticed that although
metal weapons did little damage to the man-beasts, they recoiled in horror from arrows:
He wrestled with one monster and managed to stab it through the heart witha wooden
arrow, immobilizing it. He desperately urged his companions to use arrows. They did nor
follow his advice and died horribl

Jalan's tactics brought him within reach of the grotto's mouth, but the creatures
overhelmed him there, enveloping him ina cloud of leprous dust. When he collapsed
from exhaustion; he thought only of revenge

His Unlife

Jalan-Aajay awoke into a terrifying world of midnight rerrorand riversof blood. The
monsters, vampires from Clan Gangrel, had big plans for him. Jalan's prodigious survival
skills earned him a place in their ranks, and they tured him intoa vampire. They Blood
Bound him and forbade him to contact the Mongols or other mortals. He could only call
vampires his people now. Bur though they iad accepted him as one of their own, his
torment had only begun. They wanted to playa wicked game they called the Harrowing,

"The vampire site and his brood starved the young Mongol for days and then released
him from the grotto late at night. They gave him a three-minute headstart and promised
to tear him to pieces if chey caught up with him before dawn. They loped alongatan easy


th 38 .

Song Vamy

pit

gait, effortlessly following their weakened prey, and chased him
across the steppes. They let him feed on small prey, but if Jalan
found large game, came close toa nearby nomad band, or strayed
near the far borders of their territory, the Gangrel swept down and
sent Jalan moving in another direction.

If the Gangrel caught the young vampire before dawn, they
would disembowel him and leave him for the rising sun. Fatigued
from the chase and weak with chronic blood loss, Jalan would
have to crawl to the safety of the dark grotto before the first sun's
deadly rays spilled across the steppes. The vampires played this
game once a week and kept Jalan bound in the cave the rest of the
time, perpetually deliriousand supremely weak from lack of blood.

But on one particularly bloody Harrowing, Jalan successfully
randowna deer and managed to gorge himselfon the blood before
one of the Gangrel caught up to him and forced him to move on.
The fresh blood coursed through his veins like a mighty river,
renewing his prodigious strength and revitalizing his vampiric
energies.

With hissystem full offresh blood, he suddenly found himself
faster and stronger than his tormentors. With a new burst of
strength, he broke past the boundaries ofthe Gangrel territory and
headed deep into the far woods. He had heard the younger
Gangrel speak of the woods with fear, and hoped to lose them in
the thick underbrush.

Instead, he stumbled into a band of renegade anarchs. The
anarchs captured him and told him that only his death would pay
for his crime of trespassing. Jalan-Aajav, struggling against the
Blood Bond, offered his master in his place. The anarchs gladly
severed the Blood Bond by feeding Jalan a mixture of their own
blood.

The newly freed warrior set a trap for the hated Gangrel
leader. When the Gangrel cubs appeared on the edge of the forest
looking for their wayward childe, Jalan faked wounds. He lured
them deep into the forest, where the anarchs ambushed them and
tore them apart. Jalan and the anarchs returned to the grotto,
where the anarch leader gleefully committed diablerie upon
Jalan's former master.

When Jalan tried to swear fealty to the anarchs, their leader
laughed and explained that his group's Blood Bonds worked
differently. The anarchs put Jalan through a rough hazing process,
but the fully fed Mongol, accustomed to rough treatment, thrived
on the chance to prove his toughness.

When the Sabbat formed, Jalan's pack was among the first to
join. He clawed his way up through the ranks and worked
vigorously to hunt down and destroy the Sabbat's enemies. In the
days when the Inquisition was strongest, Jalan distinguished
himself in pitched battles against powerful vampire hunters,
Lupines, demons and vampires of the Camarilla,

Impressed by the uncompromising ferocity of the Mongol,
the Sabbat put Jalan in charge of rooting out spies and purifying
the ranks. The experience of the Harrowing gave hima keensense
of the fear of the quarry, and made him the best hunter in the
Sabbat. His influence and power in the Sabbat rose in proportion
to his body count.


When Sabbat leaders formed the Sabbat subcule known as
the Black Hand, they immediately offered him membership in its
ranks, and he became its first and greatest assassin. Soon he
became a Seraph — one of four Black Hand leaders. He grew so
powerful and uncontrollable that other Sabbat leaders began to
fear him; they have subtly worked for centuries to keep him from
becoming too strong.

Jalan could gain more power than he has, but his uninspired
leadership and poor strategic sense hold him back despite his skill
asanassassin. Command rolesdonotsuithishair-trigger tempera-
ment, much to the relief of other Sabbat leaders. They find it
convenient to have him around, but shudder to think of him
commanding the anarch legions.

‘The Seraph despises the Camarilla with all hisheare, and has
special hatred for the Gangrel. He calls them frightened rabbits,
and enjoys flushing them out of their hiding holes. He believes
humans are mere cattle who ought to be paying homage to their
Sabbat conquerors.

He despises the secretive ways of the Sabbar, and pushes for
the day when it can rise up, reveal its existence without fear of
reprisal, and crush human and vampire civilization. To hasten
that day, he often leaves gruesome remains behind after his
battles.

He has been chastised for his sloppy exterminations, butstill
remains a loose cannon; many believe his bloodiness intimidates
his foes. Though some neonates tremble at the sight of his
violence, his enemies in the Camarilla use his careless executions
to close in on him and locate his safe havens.

His Nature

A taciturn vampire, Jalan-Aajav speaks only when abso-
lutely necessary. He angers easily and explodes in murderous rages
with little provocation. Even his friends are wary around him and
make sure he gets to vent his fury often

The Seraph revels in striking without waming in an explo-
siveattack, devastating his target, and disappearing before his foes
can react. Though many vampires think of him as a mindless
monster, he plans his attacks with acute cunning — plotting and
spying on his foes long before he makes his attack.

Hecollects teams ofeffective anarch fightersand molds them
into perfect fighting forces. He loves terrorizing mortals and
Kindred alike. Flesh rending and blood drinking are not just
necessities of his existence, but additional benefits to the perfect
job.



DOMINIQUE

Yentrue Antitribu of the Sabbat

I cannot improve all you have created

T cannot impress you with the things
that | see

Tnever have asked you for too many
favors

Thave never asked you to be more like
me

Would l be selfish to alter the order?

Would I be foolish to not follow you?

Buc I have the serength to walk past
all chat you have,

[will noe walkin my father's shoes.
— Chris Eberhardt,

"My Father's Shoes"

5y The members of the
Sabbat crave and prize
freedom above all else.
Freedom from restraint.
Freedom from authority.
Freedom from the op-
pressive expectations of
the elders and the fangs
ofthe Antediluvians.In
the name of absolute
freedom, they: intimi-
dateand destroy mortals
and vampires alike.
Theirversion offreedom
other vampires.

The Camarilla does not know that

vithin the shadowy underground halls of
Sabbat power, a quiet storm rages over
freedom. Sabbat members at every level
have argued, fought and even Killed over
one important point: areall Sabbat free to
acton any whim, ordoes absolute freedom
demand absolute responsibility?

The Ventrue AntitribuDominiqueis
the leading proponent of the doctrine of
vampiric accountability. She has made
powerful enemies within the Sabbat over
her stand, buchas also won the backing of
many influential anarchs who see her as
the conscience of the sect, and who credit
her with keeping the Sabbat from tuning
the Earth into a living hell:

Her Life

Scholars who taught in medieval universities lived much richer; safer and happier
lives than did the great mass of peasants. Even though they lacked the riches of nobility,
they liberated themselves from crushing poverty and ignorance.

As knowledge and wisdom enjoyed a quiet rebirth in France, silversmith guild
member Henri Touraine turned his hand to the professor's trade, He tutored the sons of
nobles, and ona whim, taught his daughter Dominique as well, She proved his mostadept
pupil, and quickly surpassed him in Latin, geometry, history and philosophy. Nobles and
merchants sought her company, and her quick wit dazzled all who met her. Sons of
noblemen vied for her hand, trampling pase many prettier, richer and more servile women
to.woo her. She took little interest in their attention, which only inflamed their ardor.

At twenty-five, the bright, fiercely independent, and happily unmartied young
jyoman attracted more than ardent suitors; she incurred the wrath of the pre-Inquisition
clergy. They railed against Dominique's father for daring to educate her: "Women are
graced by God with hysterical faculties," they opined, "and labouring to teach ‘them
corrupts the holy throne of Reason."

Her father apologized and attempted to force Dominique to give up her books, but
she refused, As a devored student of ancient Greek philosophers, she believed that her
highest course of action was to "know herself." be true to herself, and! accept the
consequences of her actions. Though her father agreed with her in principle, he lacked
her courage.

Asthe winds of ate blew across the disease-tavaged lands of Europe, the smoldering
embers of misogyny were whipped into aroaring inferno. Midwivesand educated women
were raped and bumned, and wealthy widows had property confiscated:

Rather than hiding, Dominique challenged the might of the clergy. She spoke out
against the Church's position on education, and appealed to reason and honor. Herfather
gave up scholarship and returned to the silver trade, but many powerful men joined her
in opposing the excesses of the Church. Unfortunately, the Inquisition lashed back with
more public executions, and Dominique's support disappeared.

Her Death

When ther rich suitors abandoned her, the Inquisitors closed in and tried her for
heresy. At her trial, she told her persecutors she did nor fear the consequences of her
actions, and would gladly pay the price. Her reasoned arguments swayed many onlookers,
and her willingness to martyr herself even earned her the grudging admiration of some
Inquisitors. Still; the intolerant faction carried the day, and she was sentenced to death
by hanging.

Her public execution ‘was interrupted by a dark mist that frightened the crowd.
Several hooded riders attacked, striking down Inquisitors and civilians alike. Though
Dominique resisted her saviors, they successfully kidnapped herand took her tothemanor
ofthe Ventrue Titus. Againsther will, Titusdrank herbloodand tumed her into hisBlood
Bound daughter.

Titus' human servants, smitten with love for her, had begged that she be rescued.
Titus had agreed, eager to add her wisdom to the Ventre court. They were not prepared
forher reaction.


Dominique angrily said, "By interrupting my execution, you
have made a mockery of my stand. If am to die that Reason live,
then sobe it." She pronounced the Blood Bond compelling her to
follow the dictates of another "far crueler than the devices of the
Inquisition. My faculties are overthrown. You claim to share my
love of learning, and yet you show no respect for my decisions."

Titus did not understand that she did not want to be saved,
and was determined to force her to enjoy beinga Ventrue. "After
all," he entreated, "are we Kindred not the wisest of all creatures?
You can further your education here for all eternity! Think what
wonders you will ¢ "

Her Unlife

But Titus was wrong about eternity. The Inquisition located
his holdings, killed his servants and tore through his family. In
desperation, he commanded his progeny to defend him while he
escaped. After the horrendous battle, the anarchs arrived, recruit-
ing the survivors among the forsaken children of the vampire
clans

Dominique joined eagerly. She found iteasier toadjust to life
among free Kindred than among Blood Bound toadies. Free from
the restrictive hierarchy of Ventrue politics, her natural leader-
ship qualities asserted themselves. She planned many successful
raids on the Inquisition and protected its mortal targets. Many of
the ghoul families that serve the Sabbat to this day were recruited
by Dominique during the Inquisition.

As the Inquisition became less of a threat, the Camarilla
became a much more dangerous one. Dominique's keen mind
made her one of the Sabbar's greatest strategists, but she refused
to help plan the complete destruction of the Camarilla. She
insisted that her only quarrel was with the use of the Blood Bond,
not with the Camarilla's right to exist.

This infuriated the Black Hand Seraphs, including Jalan-
Aajav, who secretly plotted to Blood Bond her and force her to
plan their tactics. This violation of the most basic Sabbat creed
infuriated high-ranking Sabbat members, who uncategorically
forbade it.

But it did underscore Dominique's most powerful point:
Freedom is meaningless without inner guidance. At a massive
Sabbat rally in Paris, Dominique asked her fellow anarchs, "What
do we really offer when we offer Kindred freedom?

"Breaking the Blood Bond is viciously hard work. Sundering
the emotional, social and supernatural ties between neonate and
mentor requires extraordinary temptation.

"So we dangle before young Kindred the purest bait yet
discovered: absolute freedom. We peddle the opportunity to act
free from restraint, and that lure draws young vampires to the
Sabbat like flies to honey. We tell them freedom means complete
recklessness and utter irresponsibility. This has great appeal after
the oppressive weight of years of domination by siblings, mentors,
elders and Antediluvians in the Camarilla. So the young see the
Sabbat as a chance to lead explosively violent lives with no one
else to check their basest impulses.

yoy

he

~

/


"Bu the crucial phrase is ‘no one else.' We all have to answer
to our own inner voices about which desires to act upon. To me,
freedom does not mean utter irresponsibility, but complete re-
sponsibility. It'sa chance to explore self-control and self-identity
far from the stifling restrictions of the Camarilla courts. Eternity
isa long time to spend not knowing who one is and what one
stands for.

"Most Sabbat members who have tasted the freedom that
comes with innerguidelinesand living by apersonal code of ethics
have found it infinitely more satisfying than slavish devotion to
the whim of the moment. Our whimsare not ourwill, and caprices
are greater tyrants than the lords of the Camarilla. Only by living
a vision greater than ourselves are we truly free."

Her Nature

Her words struck a chord in many anarchs, who embarked on
personal quests for their own visions and senses of purpose. It also
enraged the more savage members, who considered it a sneak
attack on their freedom, and a tricky way to regulate their
behavior in a manner they could not understand.

These anarchs give the members of the Sabbat a reputation
as monsters that live to kill. But many Sabbat members reject
unrestrained violence forhumane, conscientious behavior: integ-
rity over intimidation. These two groups wage a running battle for
the ideological heart and soul of the Sabbat, and though the
second group is a distinct minority, they carry great power in the
eyesof the Sabbatrank and ile. Though these vampires often turn
to Dominique for guidance, she is likely merely to answer, "What
do you think?"

Dominique lives for freedom. She joined the Sabbat because
she believes in the right of everyone to act without outside
restrictions, She espouses freedom of choice to the unruly band,
and stresses the need for greater, not less responsibility.

Her message, that irresponsibility is as great a limitation as a
Blood Bond, is not always well received, but even her Sabbat
enemies respect her. They listen to her because she does not
condemn their brutal, divisive ways, as do many of the Sabbat
leaders who try to organize the diverse elements of the group. She
has made itclear that she would not trade life in the flawed Sabbat
for subservience in the repressive Camarilla.

Like so many other Ventrue, Dominique seems to make
money without even trying. Her instincts about human nature
and business pay off despite plunging economic climates and
Camarilla manipulations. Her effortless business cunning and
practical advice on Kindred behavior give her great influence
among the Sabbat.

Dominique enjoys the free exchange of ideas, and though she
sometimes bridles at the violent excesses of her compatriots, her
only word of reproach is that they accept the consequences of
their expressions of freedom. She especially challenges them to
weigh the price of their victories. "With our power and experi-
ence, we could become the masters of the world. So we must be
sure of our motives and our objectives before we lash out."


LEXICON

Anateh: A. rebel Vampire who ‘tejects the authority, of the
elders.

Antediluyian; One of the thirteen ‘third generation" Kin?
dred;sagtandchilde of Caine. Each founded'one ofitlie clans.

Archon: A powerful'Camarilla wartior charged with enfore-
ing thé Masquerade ‘and the Six Traditions.

‘Assamite: A Vampire clan of Diabolists-turned-assassins. Its
members kill for ahyone who pays their price in blood.

‘The Beast The hateful drive that ‘pushes a vampire to
becomeya monstet. The urge to'frenzys

Bldod-Bond,(Blood, Oath)-A mystical.zite binding the will
of one, vampireto ancther.

Brajah;, Once thé philosophers of the undead, the members
of thix¢lan bave'since devolved into violent rebels.

‘Camarillae A ‘wotldwidé S8ét composed of seven clans and
fiée Kindred whi¢hwascteated primarily to enforce the Masquer-

Caines The, first child of Adam and Bye; thotight to be the
fi&pVatripite

Cainite: A@ampite, usually one of greabage.

Caitiff,Clanless Kindred; generally held in scom.

Clan: A group of vampires descendédftom a particular
Antediluvian.

Diablerie: The act of slaying and drinking the blood of
andther vampite, and thereby) aSorbing itspower; one who:
practices diablerie is known/as a/Diabolist. Many Kindred view
diablerie as the ultimate crime,

Elder: A vampire who is over 300 year:
a member of the conservative faction. Note 1
from the origitahanarch revoluaté now Elders.

Embrace: The bite; the process of transforming a human into
a vampire.

Frehzy: A stare'of Berserk bloodlust; the Beast uhleashéd

Followers of Set: Mastérs of mieral degradation, the mem-
bers of this clan take gréacdelightin the decayand corruptiofithey
cause?

Gangrél: "Axclan of wild Kiridred whose ability to'turninto
animals causes th€m to become more animal-like with each.
passing year.

GehennaThe Kindred version of Armageddon; the night
whefi the Antedilavians shall atakenfo consume their young.

Generation: The distance ofa vampire from Caine, the first
Vampire, in terms(6f sires.

Ghouil: Aimortal who regularly feedson the blood of Kindred
and theteby gainis-superhuiman abilities ahd a greatly extended
lifespan.

‘Giovannis, Ensé6nced behind a facadeof respectabilicy, this
yarnpire clan of tich busifiess.ty¢oonsspends many of its nights
among the dead}\performing ghastly rites of necromancy.

Golconda: Kindred salvation=<Asvampiresivholattains this
State is freed frorn bloodlust and.the urges6fthe Beast.

geigenerallyalso
Some anarchs

NY

\ ihe vanpid

Harpy: A memiber of aclique of powerful; meddling Kindred
who believe it is their fle to determine everyone else's status,

Haven: A vampite's home, where he'sleeps during the day.

Tneontiu:Acmysterious sect of ancient vampires.

Inguisition: The war waged by humans against vampires and
other Superiatural\crearutes during the thirteenth,"fourteenth,
‘and fifteenth centiriess

Justicar: A\Camarillajudge, investigator and enforcer.

Jyhad: The neverending struggle of the Antediluvians, using
lesser vampitesai pawns. The] yliad finds expression inthe anarch
wars, the oppressionvof heonates by the elders, and the Sabbat-
Caitarilla War.

Kindred: Vampires:

Kitie2Mortals,

Lasombra:~"One'6f the vanipire clans which\founded the
Sabbat}, the clan/ is/renowned for-its members' affinity with
darkness and the night.
wereivolf. Lupines are the ancientenemies ofthe

Lupine:
vampires.

Malkavidn?. A clan of vamapitesivhose members are known
for their exceptional insight — and raving lunacy.

Masquerade: The effortito shroud the/éxistence of the
Kindred frdm the world of mortals

‘Neonate (Childe, Fledgling): A young vampire, only te-
cently Embraged.

Nosferatu: A clattofhideoudly ely vampires whose mem-
BeRspend more time in the sewers than.on the streets.

Prince: The vampiric ruler of a city; ed for Both men and
women.

Ravnos: Avélan of trickstetand connivers, these vampites
crisscross the'globe, rarely settling invoneplace.

Sabbat: A global organization oftwOblans and free Kindved
that grew out of the 'first-anarch:rebellion. he Sabbat is the
Camarilla's primiary.enemy.

Sire: The parent andicreat0r ofa vampire; used for bothmen
and women: Z

Toreador: The vampire clan of artisiSand diletcantés.

Torpor: A state of suspended ah imation entered byiyampires
who are gravely wounded'or on the véige of starvation.

Tremere: A vanipire clanghowever, its members were
Srigifally human witards, and turned to vanipirism during the
Middle Ages.

Tzimisce:Perhaps the most inkitiman ‘of the élans! the
vampires ofthis lifie are infamous for their ability té!mold and
shape the Verysflesh of their bodies — or that of otHers.

Vatildefie: The ritual blood pooling' and, blood drinking
practiced by the Sabbat. This ritual can breakevénacenturies-old
Bloéd Bond.

Ventrue: The aristocratic and influential clan ruling the
‘Canffilla

Vite: Blood.


Credits

Author: Daniel Greenberg

Development: Andrew Greenberg

Editing: Robert Hatch

Layout: Richard Thomas, Sam Chupp

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: Tim Bradstreet, Doug Gregory, Tony Harris

Border Art: Josh Timbrook

Front Cover: Doug Gregory

Back Cover: Chris McDonough

Photography: Amy Evans, Kevin Braasch, Kristin Lee and
Alan Lapp

Brad's Models: Dan Ryan, Matt Casali, Cindy Fliege, Alex
Colby, Kristen Lee

Doug's Models: Eyvette, Raoul, Pietre, Karma, Ben Jody,
Craig, Molly, Pipa, Malcolm, April, Tracy, Mark, Paul, Lauren,
Jason, Cam

© 1992 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction
without written permission of the publisher is expressly denied,
except for the purpose of reviews. Vampire: The Masquerade,
Gothic-Punk, Brujah, Toreador, Nosferatu, Gangrel, Tremere,
Ventrue, Malkavian, Lasombra, Tzimisce, Follower of Set,
Assamite, Ravnos, Giovanni, Antitribu, Blood Bond, Sabbat,
Anarch, Camarilla, The Kindred, Neonate, Caitiff, Ancilla,
Methuselah, Antediluvian, Primogen, Elysium, The Six Tradi-
tions, Progeny, Inconnu, Justicar, Conclave, Arcanum, Society of
Leopold, Book of Nod, The Beast Within, Diablerie, Gehenna,
The Jyhad, The Riddle are all trademarks and copyrights of White
Wolf.

Disclaimer: The characters and events described in this book
are fictional, with the exception of Vlad Tepes. Any resemblance
between the characters and any person, living or dead, is purely
coincidental.

The mention of or reference to any companies or products in
these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or copyrights
concerned.

Due to the mature themes presented within, reader discre-
tion is advised.

Acknowledgements:

Tim Bradstreet

I would like to thank Kevin Braasch and Kristin Lee for their
help with photograpy; Dan Ryan, Matt Casali, Cindy Fliege, Alex
Colby and Kristen Lee for their work as character models; special
thanks to Paul (P}) Johnson, Grant Goleash and, asalways, toJoel
Stinton and ELVIS.

D. Alexander Gregory

Dedicated to Elizabeth and Alexander Korda

Special thanks to Me Mum and Pup; also to Brian Sterfreeze,
George Pratt, Craig and Jody, Joe Phillips, Peter Cline, Patrick
Micai, Sikora, Kell Black, Tom Moore, Andre Robinson, Tony
and Tim Bradstreet.
