# File: Cities of Darkness Volume 2.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By James A. Moore
The Divided Heart



The decision has to be made. You cannot long roam the
treets without che ides, bue the choices are ne
simple as they should be; to the east is certain security with
the only cost being your freedom. To the west thete is so
much more you can do, and so many more dangers as well

One city with two princes, and hoth demanding fealty,
both promising protection from the anatchs andeach other
Both watching over your every move. To the east is silence;
to the west the noises of drunken revelry. From both
directions you can fecl the eyes wa 6, behind you,

screams of pain echo throu!


Credits:

Written By: James A. Moore

Consultants: Ingeborg Keller Moore and Fransiska
Vallena Hi
‘Developed By: Andrew Greenberg

Edited By: Greg Rucka

Art Director: Richard Thomae

Layout and Typesetting: Sam Chup

Art Josh Timbrook, Ken Meyer, Jr E. Allen Stith,
Larry Schnelli, John Bridges

From Covers George Pritt

Back Cover: Michelle Prahler

Word from the
White Wolf Game Studio

We hope thut all of you have had a chance to look
at GURPS Vampire: The Masquerade, but to answer
the question we have been getting here: no, the GURPS
setting is nor consistent with the White Wolf version,
por should ic be, Vampire and the entire Storyrelling
fine is onen to whatever interpretitions anyone may
hhave of it, and we welcome different looks at them.
Storytellers should feel free to pick and choore whatever
they like bese to add to their chronicles. Hopefully, this

veill give you more options than vou would have had
before.

© 1993 by White Wolf, Inc. All contents herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc. V

Special Thanks to:

‘Wes "Quescionable Intent" Harris, for promising Josh
‘special present.

Josh *Shot of Red Eye" Timbrook, for his post
Noctumia glow

Travis "Gura" Williams, for spreading the true way on
the net.

René "Couich Potato" Lilly, for using Andrew's couch
in that sick anal ewisted way — immagine, sleeping on it

William "Blue Blood" Hale, for being publishes in the
‘magazine with all the pretty p
pel" Hathaway-McKeenan, for rell-
Ing the doctor what she's gonna wear next time hie breaks
ut the needle

Rebecca "Skid for Life" Schaefer, for enjoying the
finer things in life.

Danny "Mailing" Landers, for amusing the retailer
just in time for Christma,

Michael "Newhie" Krause, for not knowing whar he
‘was getting Ineo, Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Dedication
The author wor

playtescers of Berlin: John Groff, Bonnie Moore, Dave
Matteson, Gary Provencer, Rowanne Moore, Steve Fulford,
David Davilla; Hayes Wilson and Brad Low.

Additionally,» very special thanks to lage Moore for
her research assistance

Thanks to Andrew Greenberg for
Ang to Bonnie Moore for her love, patience with the
strange hours worked, and gratuitous use of a red pen for

patience.

ule (TM)

npire The Masqus

Iarrademark of White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved, Reproduction without written permission ofthe publisher is expressly

denied, except for the purpose of reviews.

Disclaimer: The charactersiand events described in this book are fictional, any resemblance between the characters anid

any persca living or dead, is purely coincidental.

‘The mention of of reference to any companies or products in these pages is not si challenge ti the rradeiarks OF

copyrights concerned,

‘Due to the mature themes presented within, reader discretion is advised.

Berlin by Night


Book One: Berlin by Night

Chapter One: Introduction 6
Chapter Two: History 2

Chapter Three: Geography 22
Chapter Four: The Kindred 4z
Chapter Five: Coteries 72

Book Two: The Ascension of Caine 92
Chapter One: Nightmares in the

Daylight Hours 96
Chapter Two: Outsiders 98
Chapter Three: When Gods AreAngered 103
Chapter Four: Changes 1
Chapter Five: Lessons in the Dark 14
Chapter Six: Revelations 122
Index 124

Inroduction 3



Chapter One: -

Introduction

The kine have ther eyes on all Exerope, but perhaps n

mt to continue. The f
the Camatila embraties. I

erwin che Eastern and Western foc
both th

squerade ant th
olive mn peace, if th
we must settle thew aff

y cannot sete their dispute

sin the new world, but we
x
Jet, Justicar af Clan Tren

Karl Set

centuries the city had «small but powerful Kindred pope rnany of ty elders have disappeste
Kindred, but Wilhelm, usurper to Gustav's throne in the has prospered under hi oth for Kindred and k


And wiit is war, The East
as once theits and d
power they have gained for themselw
covexiat by day, slowly adjusting to wsituarion much changed
by the reunion of its divided halves. While the people of
letlin —of all Germany —have g ong-lost relariy
h open arms and begun f rer nation, the
wer. Now that th slow hus &
ryone must deal with two generations of diffe
lifestyles chat have left an indelible mark on both
By night Berlin is » political hotbed af intrigue and
. Kindred guard bordees that no longer exist for
humans; vari amongst themselves, deciding where
they will hunt, where they wil sleep and which prince isthe
leader of Berlin. So far the damage hiss heen minor, bv
that is bound to change, Neither prince will yield in th
biteerdispute and neither wil surrendera meter of territory;
bork remain fied with only half of thi
New faces appear nightly. Anarchs ru
the weitem purtoftown, giving grudgin
yp to bin
amarilla. Choices rust fe; a final
keep the
from crushing thia growing free
Jorn. Who will you follow, who w How can yout
ruly be certain which prince isth 1, when the loser
errainly forfeit his imunereal lif
din the East, Gustay ruled Berlin for mare
than 600 years. During his reign none dared break the laws
The Camanilla had no reason to ine Berli
In the Wen, Wil wler price, bur anarch:
wing what too dred freedom can do. The
lla carefully wat
dual Kindred have alr
nule in Berit y do te
mpl wait for your decision to be made. Will
cor will they de
more import esthan just whowill rule. EveryKindred's
opinien determine who lives another night
All of Berlin's Kind cter's every
mowe; all uve Kindred aw dons. Which way will
turn? Who will be their prince ... ot will they even
allow a prince to tule them:

German Names

Male: Albert, Andreas, August, Dieter, Di
Frans, Friedrich, Hagen, Hans, Horst, Johannes,
Kun, Kurt, Oc, Ratner, Rolf; Siegfried

Female: Angels, Anna, Charlene, Doris, Franziska,

Gisela, Heidi, Helga, Hencierte, Isle, Ingrid, Kunigunde

corti, Matte Sabine; Siegrid, Valena


How to Use This
Book

2 the Berliney has silved the great problem of madem,
«how to:do without slegp om. he mast be looking forward
1 eter.

— Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men on the Burmmel
This book is designed to allow Storytellers to run a
chronicle in Berlin or set a single story there, It
details major moments in the vampire history of Berlin
along with information about other forces holdin power in
che city

Space li ke ir imponsible to cover every
aspect of Berlin's 950-year history, This book coverscriical
‘events in greater detail than it does those with litte impact
con the Kindred society. Storytellers may wish tm do extea
research on the city's histary if they feel they need more
background

Berlin by Night is divided into two sections. The first
describes Berlin, 2s well as its history and its vampires. The
but can also be used,

ick minor changes, in any city
Sturytellets should use this book any way they see fit,
Nothing on the following pages should be consileres law.
Indeed, chis information is bect wed as a frame on which
Storytellerscan weave their own stories. Ifa Storyteller feels
changes should be made to suit her chronicle, then she
should make the changes without hesitation, The more a
anges Berlin, the more the city will become

raupe will enjoy the chronicle

References

This book includes everythinga Storyteller needs toset
‘chronicle in Berlin, but those with a penchant for detail
can take advantage of the following sources. This list is by
no means complete and the need for nny of these items is
entirely a personal decision, bur any or all of the following
reference sources could well add new dimensions ty stories
in Berlin

Reference Books

Storyrellers may want to choose books written both
before and after the fall of the Berlin Wall

Night, Ellle Wieve!

Main Kampf, Adolf Hitler
Shouh, Claude Lansman

The Spy Who Came in Fem the Cold, John Le Carré
Time Life Books on the Second World War

Movies Video

‘The Tin Dron (for its powerful pox
before the Second World War)

Both versions of Nosferatu (for the proper feel and
stmagphere, and ‘cause their teally neat!)

Cabaret (ore-World Wac It Berlin)

‘The Package (Gene Hackman and Tommy Lee Jones
takea look at the Cold Wat)

Company Business (Gene Hackman and Mikhail
Baryshnikow take s look at the Cold War)

‘Wings of Desire (this is nor It's a Wonderful Life)

Gigolo (starring David Bowie in a powerful portrayal of
Berlin after WWII)

‘Saturday Night Live's "Sprockets" (just to show you how
much life in Germany has changed since the last World
War)

MTV "srecent Rockumentaries.on Racism itt Music (just
to look ait how nasty the situation really (s in Berlin)

The countless documentaries on World War ll (forthe
historical background on Himmler and Goring)

The collected works of Bertholt Brecht, in particular
Chritiane F. (which shows some truly fabulous footage of
Berlin)

Triumph of the Wil! (ignore the polities and enjoy the
visuals of this '36 documentary)

Theme

"The theme of Berlin by Night i fearof the unknown,
for Belin isheading into che darkness of chaos. The city hat
never suffered the throes of anarchy prevalent to so many
cities in the Gorhic-Punk world of Vampire. For most of its
history, Berlin has been ruled by only one prince who had
smote than enough power to rule hisdomain his way, Now,
with the reunification of Germany, the Kindred must de-
cide which of twoprincesthey wish tofollow,orevenifthey
will ty fo create another Anarch Freestate

‘Toadd to the dilemma, the Camarilla has made riotses
about making the decision itself and perhaps elevating a
new prince to rake the place ofthe two dow in power. The
city is preparing for # monumental rransition, but no one
‘can tell what it will be,

al of Berlin

Introduction. 9


Map Of Europe

FRANCE

FINLAND

RUSSIA

‘GERMANY

UKRAINE

TURKEY


Mood

mood in Berlin is one of cc

"ellowing shiva! Eves foe

fle and Bath. Each chan ha

dred are abow

Travel In Berlin

ly, Berlin
le prinaeily and che Tempelhof (te

Berlin, unlike many cities, has few traffic problems in

in the latter pate ds, were designed with popula-  theeity, and
tion increases in mind, Even before the introduction of the is primarily
automat roads were the norm in Berlin. Been

Introductiot 1



Cha iter Two: .

Be

Berlin

Albrecht (al-Brechr) the Bear f
A.D). 1134. Albrecht

theiepresence known within
lated, but Erik
hunting.
vd

a self-proclaimed demon
hunter from Vienna. The wandering demon-hunter left the
area immediately aftet, riding away with only his weap
and the clothe ck

in AD. 12 tore than 100 years after Erik
ath, thie next une rom ney Blist ee
ise Reinegyer proved far more cunning than her predece
a f and her Ge

E time Berlin and its closest neighbor, Collin
y-len), buile these josne-town hal in 1307, Ilse was the
acknowledged leader (or itt least, she must prominent) ofall
Kindred in Unper Saxony, Her reign was strict and her
obeyed. Ise made example 1¢ who broke her rules,
burar leastone of her fi 3 did not take these lessons to,

Gustav's Reign

se met her death when the fies

h

Life under flse's rule had
Gustav's rule was « great deal har

ight to sire
al ghoul bodyguan
to ham

Gustav alone held th and alway'
children from his pees

they would be Blood By

Any Kindred who visited Ber

themselves tw Gustav promptly learned t

the dawn's first eaysto touch their
naj probl
iting Tre

mselfto-C

wed the firs

furure mistreatment of th

the plagu

BR der

hire
Whether


er, send u formal apology to th
a, The apology took the form of a note
thot had been pounded into th

Gostav's most

shmen
simply proved

The Thirty Years War
(1618-1648)

The Thirty Years Waar

war has since, but it allowe
which he had only dreamed. F i
Ventrue and Tremere ro put aside their differeey

id
h

his own
The only barrier he saw w e
blamed, rightly or wrongly, foc much 0
fered during the war. He blame Cd

ing promised support, for betraying hin
Ils, real and

and for « host of

ed quickly, becoming one of the Kindred be

stay tured Bed


electorate of Brandenburg became thie Kingdom of Prussia
While Guscay was not the only power behind the early
kings, he was certainly one of the most influential. Parcally
due to his efforrs, Prussia instituted compulsory education,
increased its trade and industry, and created one of the
strongest armieson the continent. Gustav felt ready to look
‘outward — and for revenge.

The War of Austrian
Succession (1740-1748)

Prussian armies croseed into Austrian tertitory an Dee
‘ceitber23, 1740.Continually victoriousunder the leadership
of Frederick che Great, che armies failed toseize Vienna, due
mainly to Toreador demands upon their Bavarian allies: Of
course, Gustav again blamed the Tremere for denviog him
his rightful revenge,

Frustrated by the war hut happy with Berin's growing
prosperity, Guntay temporarily suppressed thoughts of fur-
ther revenge. Realising that the city's growth Inrgely
depended on outside influences, Gustav gradually permit
red select members of clans other than Ventrue to live in
Berlin. By the time Frederick the Great died in 1786, Berlin
had becomealenvily industrialicedand very important patt
of Europe,

One side effect of Guseav'sindusteialization plans was
to drive away the Lupines who had populated che forests
around Berlin far so lon. Gustav amsigived aumay Kirlred
(generally those he suspected of some kind of treachery) the
dubioas honor of hunting down and killing the Lupines. By
1786, most of the Lupines had been driven away, and those
who scayed mete mercilesly destuyed, Mut Lupine pels
andor the havens of the Berlin's Vensrue elders.

War With the Toreador

(Gustav's dislike of other clans caused further problems
when the Toreador retaliated against the staking and de-
struction of three clan members. Gustay felt justified in
these executions. having taken great insult at their critiques,
tings despite yearsand yearsof trying,
severely lacked in the art of oi! painting. The
ors formal letters of outrage were sent back to Pacts,
uinapeneel or with vietous remarks ahour the Toreador
ability to appreciate are writen on ther

Berlin, chen rhe third-largest city in Europe (behind
London ond Paris), soon felt the full penalty for Gustav's
prideandego. On October27, 1806, Napoleon marched his
troops into Berlin. France's Toreador helped ensure that he
held the city for several yeats, during which time they
plundered many of Berlin's artistic teeasuses.

‘Shortly before Napoleon's march on Rus

he Toren

dot of Paris decided to accept Gustay Breidenstein's many

formalapologies. In frontot an awembly of owweial Caite
cof Berlin sacrificed three of his own Get ard

the

promised 10 allow the Toreador to come' and 06 they
pleased, providing they made their presence known to him

French occupation of Berlin taught Gustav the impor-
tance of planning for the future and the art of subterfuge
This held true not only for the building of his domain, but
in the ways ofthe Jyhod us well, Gustav swore to his tost
trusted allies thar his revenge would be unhear! of in

ygnituce, Noone whoknewhim well considered laughing
at the idea.

‘Gustav was more angered than humbled by the Parisian
invasion, and slowly plotted his revenge. He took some
consolation in Napoleon's later defeats, bur realized that
this did little to France's Toreador.

The rapidly growing population of Berlin caused a

ther of Kinder in the city
‘Guseav's laws strictly forbade the sing of Get in his do-
rin, and most Kindred followed this tule. The increase
came from wandering Kindred yeckingnev opportunities in
Berlin, tied of their places of origin or banished by their
Previous princes

Working ws Gustav's right hand, Willeli Wakdbung
(Vil-helm Vald-boorg), the fits of Gustav's bee
servedeventhing and learned first han the way
Despite a great, secret passion for the domain Guatay had
built, Wilhelm gave sound advice to his leader, eaming
site's trust, Wilhelm had his own plans for Berlin,
Gustav played no pare in them,

ssarural increase inthe eu

Over the couine of the next century, almost every clan
con the continent of Europe established havens in Berlin
‘While Gustav brooated and ruled with an iton fist, Wilhelm,
clans, He gained their ease and, si bolstered
Gustav's respect for his diplomatic abilities. He proved
expecially valuuble in stopping anarch and Sabb
that he took his eyes pffof what was goin
and began concentrati

‘on his revenge.

Plans for Vengeance

Using his influence with the other Germanic princes,
Gustav helped mastermind the unification of the Germnanic
States. turnin them jnta one larve empire. He used their
‘common fear of both Tremere and Toreador manipulations
tounite themngninst France and, aided by mistakes made by
members of the two rival clans, convinced the other princes
that the Ventrue needed a larger area of powet —a united
country rather than a dozen city-states
Prussian Warof 1866.and the Franco-

171 deove this point hore. In beth,
1s, Cuagray aad hie Vi

se allies manages cer sdefeat
sby theirrival clans—firsethe Tremeveand

Chaoter Two: History 15


rather than
clan in the Camilla, an
leaders of his elan,

Despite his claims thar he was the sole impetus for this
change, Gustav had the assistance of many fellow Ventrue
in thi seformation, Others ako saw the guiding hands of
even older Cninites behind the events; and bean tof
‘ext step in the fyhad. Those who felt Gustav had become
nngthiny: more than a pawn of the Methuselahs son. hit
more evidence to bolster theie clitm.

World War!
F

ngunification, Gustav rewarded the mast influ
ential of his pawns, Octo von Bismarck, with an offer of
eternal life. Appalled, Bismarck declined. His refusal out-
raged Gustav. who Dominated Rierarek into forgetting the
offer and thier had him dismissed from his position as the
first Chancellor of the German Empire
Wthelm made certain thar the man's political desteue
1 Gustav's hundls became weklely known to the more
Influential Cainites of Berlin, and began the wheelsrurning
Int own play for power, The first underground line ofthe
city'subway system opened in 1902, an even that Guat
‘ratinaly ignored. Wilhels wae welllon the weny

seu, the Venere hud bgcome thie dominane

Gustav stood forth as one of the

agliis

With the addition of a subway to the sewer systems,
Wilhchn's penonal information network, the Nosforar,
gained anothce way co glean infvesmation from the ki
in, Careful attention to detail and the ability to deter
mine the truth in what was spoken, ted Ellison
Hambokir(El-es-sihn Hum-BO{de), Berlin's Nosferatu el:
den

ul respect

For the right sum of money, orfor the promise of futute
favors Ellison would pass information tothe highest hiker,
The primary source of income for the Nosfecara was, not

nly; Withelm. The informanon he gathered, xs well
as the false information he paid the Nosferatu to spread,
slowly and methodically gained him the respect of Kindred
throughout the city.

Having learned well fron his sires ertots, Wilhelm
‘waited, knowing histime would come-In 1914,the German,
Empire camed the enmity of the workd at large when
Gostay's manipulations reached fruition, Between incre:
ing tensions among several of the clans and growing
convictions that mest of the clans did nor hold «0 the
‘Camarila's hives strongly as the Ventrue, Gustav anal his
allies convinced the Ventrue princes thar the time had
came to prove the power of the Ventnie once and for al.

‘Although tensions among the kine countries was al
ready strong, Gustav und his colors felt that the time was
tipe to show the Toreador clan foe what i was — usury

samp

1nd protenders co the puwer that helanged to the strongest
childfen of Chine

16 Berlin by Night

Through years of caretul planning and manipilation,
the Ventrucandseveral powerful Tecmere figures forced th
First World War anto motion, certain that theie pawns and
arrays could easily defeat the restof che world, Surprisingly,
the British Ventrue brake with their German Kindked,
apparently worried rhat the Geinuan princes had become
too powerful

Only Gustav himself could hope to understand his
reasons for causing war on such a massive scale, but he wns
‘known to scream on mare than one occasion that the world
would lear never to crass hin again, As in all things,
Gustav overlooked the assistance he hud teceived and was
‘ori claimingall the credit for the destruction surrounding
Bed

‘Wilhelm remained loyal to him throughour the cam:
prlign, following orders ta the fetter. Allthe while he feated
the eventual destruction of Germany a1 a whole and Bestin
\nparticular. Wilholm was closer to heing accurate than he
had dreamed,

In 1917, the United Stites entered the war, having lest
slocens of ships to the German nivy's U-Boots. Among the
American losses was the Lisitania, a cruise ship carrying 3
full crew and g to England in 1915. Two
‘American Cainites. oa theie way to, Venice via Faghaod
were lore in theexplosion, The Ravnon ind Brujah rage was

pic in proportion, and both clans helped push the United!
States nro the wat

"The war ended bieele-more than 1 your laze, ahd the
German Empire andics capital were financially devastated.
Brujab from around Germany made another attemps at
gaining power in Berlin within the yeur (the fist had been,
in 184K). The areempe; despite initial support from the
Brujali who hod seized power in the Soviet Union, w
premature. Gustay used all his forces to auppress it as
[brutally as possible. Wilhelm, however, saw the writing.on
the wall, and convineed Gustav that Germany needed
change

Less than a year after the war ended, Germany estab
lished a republican form of government; a government tht
was, nonetheless financially priwerlesy sa cesul of repuc
tion payments forced on the country after World War |
Thoviph Gustav aid noe fully realize i, his power i the city
wwasdestroyed. Many of hisalliescutsice the city now cured.
sigsinat him. The loi the city od tantra aga
long ago. While Gustav still uted ia name, Wilhelm bel
the tre power in Berlin

Withelm's establishment of a peitogen after the war
insured that, barting incident, he would Boll power for as
long ashe desired. The power struggle wis virtually nonex-
stent as Gustay Ineked any support at all and was su
eniough fo realize thar his neign hus ended — for now.

‘The former prince still held the olticial vike in Her
tur was nothing moee than a puppet. Aay decisions of
Importance to the city were approved by Wilheli; punish-


ments for breaking the laws of Berlin were still stiff, but not

arly as severe as they had heen when €

ed them,

Gustay still had influence with Berlin's kine, however,
and he did not hesitate to seart planning again, preparing for
wher he could reseite the power that was rightfully

his, His wait was not as Long

Hitler

wary 30, 1933 Adolf Hitler became Chancellor
of Germany, On March 23, he an bi
power in Berlin and Germany, promising to end
ing poverty nd living conditions that had choked
German people since the end of World War |. Heinrich
Himmler, one of his close compatriots und the man who
w Beeidenstein's ghoul, inknown to
Himmler remained his own n

was also Gus

2, for he was unbondable

he seizure of power was
ht Wilhelm off guard, for
he right

p almost bloodless. It

aged to pla
laces with an amazing degree

seceecy. Germany

ed Wilheln'steig
cav's rerum, Wilhelm ty

Berlin's Kindred supported
Ay eseuped with his unlife,
ick down.

and Gustav forced the Prime

Gustav spent the next several years tightening the

ngnin. World War II was a year old when Hitler first met
with Gusta, whose need for vengeance had nor been sated

by the First We

and Kinuiced around th

4 War. Gustav be Hitler,

when German armed forces seized lands

arem untouched by the previc

w bis control of Hitler was
othe Prince

suspected ev
s to demons of interfering with his control. On

Gustav k

The Fueheer often act

nate him, and soon (

confident in Germany's chances, he became more and in

worried as the years passed and

began losing
Many feel that ma

ickal powers were
Hitler when mages decided to rerabiace agamst the damage
he hud wreaked on theirhomes. H
of lore ald theewigh
in

to stop

pe have heen the source af

As Germany's power waned, the Lupines reumed to

Berlin, With so many Kindred in torpor or destroyed, the
Ger of Fenris along with a powerful Berlin,

pied that the Grunewald forest be left to
The Kinaited of Berlin attempted to stop the
Lupines, only to die swiftly as the ated. Too
many Kindes involved in the war itself fae he

vampires to provide effective resistance

et Twos History 17


Project: Werewolf

Rumors started to spread asmong the Kindred that
the most powerful German leaders knew about the
Kindleed and were capturing them for expetine

While there has never been aay solid proot of such
experiments, it is known that many Cainites
peated from al parts of Europe at thi rime, neve
seen again. More than owe Nosferaru im Berlin has
<laitned to hear unholy wailings coming from the a
known as Teufelsberg, the Devil's Hill — the sounds

seein to come from far beneath the hill, beneath even

In truth, many vampires were captured by Hitler's
Gestapo, vlong with Lupines and even a
They became the mibjecrs for Project: Werewol
secret openition starred in Berlin and run by Heinrich
Himilerand Hermann Gideing, under orders from Hitler,

The same people responsible for Auschwitz and the
other concencration camps studied the cuptured er
tutes and experimented on them. Many of the Lup
stho were experi oon dled, while » nu
lived! in an altered state. AM the Faerie th
cxamnined and altered died All the Kindted sed in
experiments survived the proces

The reimarkable healing powers of the Kinde

Lupines stopped most mundane forrns of trailor
from having permanent effect. But with the use of
‘magick, radiation and certain chemicals, hideous muta
tions occurred —mutationsof amore permanent nature

At the end of the war, Wilhelm Waldburg found
he twisted remains of Project: Werewolf, OF those whe
had survived the experimen, all but two were in a state
of torpor, Wilhelm had the two conscious survivors
questioned and then destroyed as an act of mercy. The
toporie remainders of the rest were buried if the con:
struction of Teufelshe

Daryl Lute, the afore-mentioned Gangtel, prom
peace berween Kindred and Lupine for as lori
Lupines and Grunewald were leftalone. T
of West Berlin are strict; leave the Grunewald in peace. Tx
do otherwise is certain death. If the Garou do not kill the
recpanuihl any

By the time the war ended, several majoe changes h:
ome about in Berlin, Heinrich Hiatal
faking his death bet
leader chewed ule in the prese
Marshall Michael Murphy and a doctor. Havin
Embraced by a Tremete several months before the
the war, he hud no problem canvinc
he wa dead

the p

he witnesses th

he aleeody wan,

Berlin by Night


Berlin was in chaos, and finding another body with »
similar appearance took little time or effort, Heineich
Himmler lefe Berlin for the United States within a week of
his "death,"

Massive

letruction during the last days of the
alles: many of the Kindred ats they slept, and sent many
others into torpor. Through the trying times Gustav held
sclitary control, but this caded when the allies opie the city
into quarters. Germany was no longer a free country and
Berlin, broken into subdivisions by the Allied Forces, wa
nw longer a free city

The Cold War Begins

(On June 16, 1948, the Brujah-conrrolled Soviet repre:
sd themelves from the Allied Forces
cling Berlin. Ten days later, the Soviet blockade of
ther Allied sectors cated the United States to uit life
foed and vital supplies into the city. During the next 11
months, the Alliesdelivered almost 2,000,000 rons af coal,
food and ther necessities to Berlin,

The Allies radically reshaped Germany, runing it into.
two sepanite countries, and Berlin shared chat fate. Oa.
October 9, 1949. the ( Democratic Republic was
publicly formed, and the boundary line between the two
ate countries was drawn,

Berlin, the former capical of Germany, was di

riled as

empete,
cross the border ended with more thin 100 rounds of
rohvicheely, and would cerrainly have
‘caused his Final Death had it not been for Friedrich Kraus
cof Clan Brujah. Kraus managed to force
pulled the injured prince back to the eastern sectot

The seputition of Beelininco two separate cieser ata of
Germany into two separate counties, became offical on
November 30, 1998, thanks to the clans which had uruted
todefeat Germany in W.
1: USSR found themselves in complete ugecenent that
jermany should be grven the Gift of Communism. The
Venus, who held ny a: one oftheir primary places

of power, disigreed.
The Vencrue of Germany, England anil the United States,
aided by the Tremere and France's Teteador, managed to
stop the Brujah conquest of Germany, but they lose pars of
the country, incleding sections of Berlin. Ganyel and
Malkavians foughr on both sides, but played only a mine
role in the conthe.

The actus fining ony lasted » few nights, bur the
effects have tasted ¢o this mighe. Guseay; owemg at life boon,
to the Brujah, allied with them only to see his allies
defeated. Eversincehe

ruled anlyasmall section, where
he sits and secthes in anger.

Foratleast one of Berlin's Brujah and many ofthe other
newly created Kindred, Germany'sdivision was notaccepte
able. Dieter Kotlar, Embraced even as World War IL
blossomed, knew that Adolf Hitler's dreams of Racial Purity
and his attempts to ereate « perfeer country: were too
Lmportant to be ignored. Kotlar proposed w Fourth Reich to
the Kindred of Berlin, who lnughed at his ignorance. Dieter

ill new ta the world of the Kindred, «tll new to the
Masquerade and many of the Kindred looked upon bi
« chikle who should be scolded, if nor punished, for his
insolence.

Kothe publicly backed down, but privately began to
plan, So many ofthe older Kindred in Berlin were destroyed
fo in torpor that he knew he could not be alone in his
feelings. Many of his contemporary Kindred had been
cmbraced during the World War IL. Givea tine to realize
how "right" he was, the younger Kindred woulid come to
him. As the Berlin Wall grew, so sid che machinations of
Dieter Kotlar. In time, theeldersofthe West Berlin Primogen
‘came to know of Kotlar as the elder amongst he West Berlin
Brujah (most of that clan stayed in the ust); the younger
Kinded came to know hiss the leader of the anuurchs and
the founder of the Final Reich.

Kotlar promised that when the time wat right, the
Princes would fall and a new Fuehrer would take their
places. Hitler's dreams would come tw puss, andl the glory
thot was the Second City would be known again. Through
the yearn, the Final Reich has giowa
snarchs are feared in West Berlin

Despite Kotlar' strength, there are many anarchs in
Berlin who do not see him as the only alternative. Prim:
among, his unofficial competition ts Heinrich Hi
now rerumed to Berlin and manipulating the Hurting Party
a yet another faction in a rapidly escalating war berween
Beshn's political factions

A Battle of Two Princes
‘The Brujah had plans for Ease Berlin and Eastern

Germany, and one of those plans involyed the Prince of
Berlin, They needed a figure head, a ruler known for his
ability rule with authority andan iron fis, ln Gustav they
found exactly what they needed. Three days afters rescue,
Fact Reelin'arowrpenunrfil Rrajats hat Bloryt Rourad Ca
‘Together, the Brujah and their Ventrue prince began pl
10 setze power in West Berlin as well

‘Crucial to these plans is Dieter Kotlar. He has been
fvtrumental in mi contact between the Brujah of
the ease and the Beujah ofthe west, snd has done much to
keep both sides cooperating

In the western halfof the city, Wilhetm tomk lie
loc seising poe
into the city ar the heginning of the wr and remained
fuudden with Berlin's Nosferat, who saw his
a friend, He had always rrea
Mindnes, and the favo wie

power, and

er

hmury's almence- Wilhelm crept back

anally and
them with tespect and

Chopter Treo: Hictory 19


During

‘orl War II, he caused difficiilties for Gustav

on mn. Rumor has it chat his Domina

Hitler helped coneribute to the Fuehter's spiral inte
insanity during the last days of the Third Reich,

‘The new Prince did noth
known among the other Kindred, and
potted him once more. Be
Kindred and the philosophies of the Camarilla, Wilhelm
Promoted the city's growth and opened its doors to Kindred
from farand wide, While the numberof vampires allowed
live perman

ake his presence
primogen sup.
ng in a powerful union of

ntly in the city was, and still is, limited
‘Wilhelm encouraged visitsby Kindred everywhere. Wilhelm
‘Waldhurg isnlso considered one of the Camarilla'sstrongest
supporters in Europe.

Gustav's reaction to the discovery that his old enemy

held power in West Berlin was immestiare, and oly the
advance warnings of the Nosferatu kept Wilhelm
through several assassination attempts. Aside from chese

te was little interaction

les, however, ther

qui
East Berlin to defect
961, the B
consrnuction of the Reelin Wall i op th
interference Berlin and (theoretically) to heey
the Nosferatufrom gleaninginfermation o give ro Wilhelm
Withelm took the matter one step further and asked the
cofinfilerac he east, Ironically due towhot

> the we on were the me

partempes fron

(wo know of like attempts even as they occurte
The ains the str
reason for the Walll was to mi

solid barrter be
00,000 kine had
fected to West Berlin in an effort to exe:

altcaidy
radi
Mo

red by the Communist parry

The Nosferara cont
ever, and were eventually
best source. of info

que to find ways through, how
y both princes as th
tion available. Nosferaru ha

in Berlin chan iy alm
1 a result of cheit useful

three decades, the Kindred of East Berlin were
by the Kindre¢
toforget the existence of th
barrier

ett

d phys
ch princes riled their se

lived their separate lives, rarely acting against,
bur always thinking of, the


ANew Era

"These two fiefdoms chove to ignore one another in an
official way, but the rest of the world had other plans. In
1990, Baba Yaga roused herself from tompor and scarred a
careful plan to bring the lands back under hercontrol. Long
before she pulled hetself from her resting place, she began
preparing the way for her arrival in che world of the kine.

In Berlin, the Nosferara sarted feeding Gi
falve information, and, through thetr ows influence with
the kine, fanned the fires of dissent. Events swept an
‘unaware Gustav along wich them, and even he wassurprised
when the German Democratic Republic opened the eross-
ing points from East to West Berlin on November 9, 1989.

Determined to understand what was going on, and
hoping for the chance to regain his lost lands. Gustav
allowed demolition of the Berlin Wall to begin on Junie 13,
1980.

The effects of Baha Yaga's awakening continue to be
felt in Berlin. Sporadic attempes by the Communist Paty to
take back what they held for so long do occur, but these
attempt normally fail at the expense of human lives.

Many of the Brijah who riled Eastern Europe have
dboppeaced, and Gustav knows he ennnat look to them for
help anymore. Free t make his own plans, he lays the
stoundwork for regaining his power. One day all of Ger
inany will again feel his might.

Many of Germany's Kinde have foryotven bia, but
for the vampires of Berlin, reunification and the threat of
Gustav's return have been tuning points of unparalleled
significance. There is but one Berlin, a city with a popula
on of over four miliou living soul, but his xen city now
hhas two princes. The two princes have a great hatred for
each other, and neither iswalling to yield one inch: neither
will imply step down.

BBetitn suffers ftom their conflict, for with two princes
come two primogens, and two populations of Kindred who
have grown accustomed to their awa ways of unlife. The
chaos tht ensnares Berlin is subste, played by certain rules
that ensure the safety of the Masquerade, but i is chaos just
the same

Cire in Berlin is up by some 209 percent sinice 1990.
Since the fall ofthe Berlin Wall the level of dag trafficking
and bodies being found weighted down by concrete and
dropped into the lakes of Brandenburg has been on the ris
with no end in sight. The primary cause of this increase
would appear to be the "Russian Mafia," ogganized erin
cartels ed from the East. Gustay claims no responsibility for
these acts ind even goes so far ns call therm barbaric, but
ddoes litle to stop them.

Inrecent months, the troubles Bertin sufers have come
totheattention of the Camurilla Iris certain that ifthe city
continues thisendlessstrugale with itself, the Camarila will
muke moves to ensure an end to this chaos, Even the
princes, Gustav nnd Wilhelm, realize che implications of
drastic a move,

wrong step isl it takes to earn the enmity of one side ot the
cher in the ongoing war. One step too tany could bring
own the wrath of the Justicars and that sno a goed thing

The legacy of Adolf Hitler

Although few Kindred believe Adolf Hi
alive, the influence ofthe man's twisted beliefs
felt in Bertin, among the Kindeed and the kine

Regular proeests iigainst
foreign residents in Berlin fuel fires once thought to he
extinguished, and among the Kindred of Berlin, the Final
Reich waits to seize power and drive the Pakistan! and
Turkish immigrants out of the city, The Final Reich h
made claims ta several of the terrorist acts that have oc-
‘curred in Betlin of late, claiming thar the time has come for
anew Fuchrer, dissolution of the old peinces and a Germany
chat is

y pure

Gusta believes that he has influen the Final
Reich, as does Heinrich Himmler. Bor itis hard to say for
Certain just who has true control aver these anagchs. Some
claisn that Hitler ts still alive, and that he ts the true power
of the Final Reich. Most scoff at this idea, but a few have
made it a point to keep the
specter of a man who once terrified the world.

ever open, looking for the

Chapter Two History 21



Chapter Three:
Geography

East Berlin's Lichtenberg
Districts (Lik-Ten-Berrg)

Edu

Friedrichshain
(Fri-Drrik-ShAYa)

~%


Kopenick (KO-Peh-Nikt)

Heinrich Himmler handles mos of the Kindred activi
ties in the Kopenick District. The area is one of the less
{industrialized in Ease Berlin, andishoovealso tothe Kopenick
Palace andthe Museum Of Applied Arts, housed in aformer
palace. Many of the Toreador in Berlin make frequent visits
tothe ar

© was once home to princes of
Gerinany and other countries, and now holds the compo:
locked body of Johann, who led Berlin's Toreador before
‘World War l. Mont ofthe time, Johann does nechinig about
the Kindred who walk above him, but he hus occasionally
called unsuspecting Toreador down o his hidden lair and
compelled them to feed from him, ensuring a measure of
control over the clan. Johann his ecenely fele che compel-
lingurge to awaken;some time soon, thar urge will win over
his desire to deep, When he does rise, a major shift in
Toreador influence (s hound to occur

(On rare occasions, several of the Gangrel wandering
around Germany have been known to gather inthis discric,
ar the Maggelsee (MOO-Gehi-zee), the largest lake in
Bertin and a popular park for Ease Germans when the
country was still separated. The hills surrounding thie area
snake t much easier forthe Gungre to hide in the daytime,
aod in mote than one cate, co hide their presence from the
Kindred asa whole. There has been some concern that the
‘wandering Gangrel might decide to serrle in thie area and
take up residence, « thoughr that gives Gustav an tunpleas-
ant day's rest

Mitte (Mit-Eh)

Mitre is the true center of East Berlin, an especially
appropriate fact since Mitte means "center." During the
separation of Eastand West Berlin, the cominumist govern
iment refurbished Mitte more than any other part of Ett
Berlin, proudly displaying the virtwes of Commusnista for all,
tovee. Here as nowhere else tn the Bast the Kindred of Base
Berlin enjoyed the best of oth worlds, Mitre wasandisheld
by Gustay, and the prince enforces his rules here more
vigorously than anywhere else.
The Unter den Linden, a long stretch of popular tourist
19 and the location of most of East Berlin's major
iversities ind libraries, beginsatthe Brandenburg (Brahn-
dehin-Berrg) Gate, once the primary stop between East and
West Berlin. The thain government buildings foe what was
East Germany are ulso along this strip, in addition eo
éembussies for the mos prestigious Communist Bloc coun:
Kincied interested in the arts or German history flock
to Unter den Linden. The National Library, Humbo!
Univensity, The Arsenal (The Museum of German History}
and even Gustav's Haven in the Berlin Palace al si along
the Unter den Linden. Theaters, opera houses, and even.
‘wo cathedrals make this road an inspiring sieht.

4

Berlin by Night

‘There has been speculation as co why Gustav stays in

the Berlin Palace. Most educated Kindred accept that from
this auspicious Haven, the Prince of East Berlin could be
closer to the center ofall Berlin, allowing himself tobelieve
thar the entire city és sill his

Gustav has declared a number of sites in Mitte as
Elysium. These include the Tierpark (tE-er-park) Zoo,
fine example of European zoos. with over 500ansmals; the
Town Hall, the original Town Hall for Berlin, and a loca
tion of sentimental importance to Kindred and Kine alike
St. Nicholas's Church; and the Pergamon Museum.

The church is consilocod off kimiss at leat in pare de
tosuspicions that St. Nicholas serves asa headquarters for
the Inquisition. Noproot has been found, burthe infrequent
‘exaininatione of the building by knowledgeable Kindred
hhave shown signs that the Society of Lecpold may well be
actively using the building.

‘The Pergamon Museum is one of the oldest museums
dedicated to architecture, Kindred, many of whom have
traveled the world countless times, can often be found hete
reminiscing ahout ages long past.

Mitre was also the home of Bertholt Brecht ur
death in, 1956. Brecht was one of the few East Ge
playwrights wo ever win che respect of the West Berlin
Toreador, and his influence was so strong that he was
allowed back into East Berlin after World War ll. despite his
yyocal political views. His house is now a museum near the
Berliner Ensemble, which Brech founded. Even today his
plays are performed here.

The Arsenal

‘Germany built che Aryenal in the early 1800s to stote
weapons seized from foreign armies, and it later became a
military hiscory muscum. The museum has been the East
Berlin Museum of German History forthe las few decades
Its main emphasts s the history of the German Democratic
Republic and the history of communism. The museure isa
Popular meeting place for Bruja.

Berlin Palace

‘The Berlin Palace was built during the late L7¢h een
tury. as the crown prince's palace. During the next wo
centuries it was enlarged and redesigned, allowing several
generations of Gerthany's royill families to reside in the
sprawling palace

The bombing of Berlin during World War IT saw the
palace destroyed, but in the 1960s Gustav had it rebuil to
bis own specifications. The palace now stands as an art
center, bu is also Gustav's haven and the primary meeting
place of the East Berlin Primogen.


BERLIN

THE NEIGHBORHOODS

1. Friedrichshain 11. Neuikolin
2. Lichtenberg 12, Reinickendort
3. Kopenich 19, Schoneborg
4, Mitte 14, Spandau

5. Pankow 15. Storgltz

6. Prenziaur Berg 16. Tempelhof

7. Treptow 17. Tiergarton

8. Weisensee 18. Wedding

9. Charlottenburg 19. Wilmersdort
10. Kreuzberg 20. Zehiendort


cs
< |
or
fa
mH
a
"
<t
LW


Humboldt University and the
National Library

Since its creation ie 1766, Humboldt University has
always had a distinguished record as a place of higher
learning, with the exception of a bref stint as yee another

palatial ho Germany's royal family. Scholars have
Jong considered: Humboldt Ue

ingtitutions in Europe, and statues in \s gardens represent
several ofits distinguished students and teachers, including
Albert Einstein and the Brothers Grimm.

Due to its very and the

adjoining National Libeary ate part of East Berlin's Elysium.

The Ventre would have it no other way.
The Neue Wache (New Vak-eh) -
New Guardhouse

Built in the early part of the 19th century, the Neue
Wache bes memorial following World War IL. Near
Anenal, che Memorial ro the Victims of Fascism and
Militaria, as the balling is now called by the kine, holds

rs and
the Crypt of the Unknown Soldier. Both Himmler and
iny a night on the
(Goring eriessilent

the cremated remains of unknown reststanice fight

Wiring have been known to spend

mmlerstaresandl scowls,

premise
bloody tea

The Opera House

East Berlin's ¢

"s House has been deste
ation, only ta be rebuilt each time, For
| usic, opera and ballet, few build
ings can compare with the Opera House as an appropri
serting for such arts

Pankow (Pahn-Kow)

The Pankow district ts one of the most industial
sections of East Berlin. Among the kine, the area is best
if standa ed living areas and for the factories

Craly one vampire actually spends time in this
wen. The Toreador Thomas De Lutrius finds most of hi
inypication in the desolate and bleak atmosphere which
cerns tohungove vever tie has
found the entire area less pleasing to his eyes. As West
Berlin companies slowly make thett presence known, and
the seandard of living slowly rises above the poverty level
Pankow ts gradually losing its air of desperation. To Tho-
mas, this is tantamount to a cardinal sin.

AsBu

these who love el

arms necessities,

ster of Pankow, Thomas allows anyone to
Hh ven the lawer-generation Kin:
drei from the west to come and go.as they ples
-y have stopped and gotten permission from Gustav. As
cll of East Berlin, rubble was lefe where it
he end of che war and either built around or entirely

fell a

(Chapter Three: Geography 27

Jignored, presumably with the hopew thar reconstruction
could begin once the great Brujah experiment known 3
communism was flourishing

The Pankow district hokls an old fascination for the
Giovanni, and members of this ela
year, and afways with formal
small delegation from the Giovanni elon has even made
arrangements to move into the atea. though they ail em
tollive elvewhere. Ir s:no coincidence that the moans and
sereamsteported in the area become more noticeable to the
cats of sensitive Kindred and kine alike during these visits

Thomas, lide many' Kindeed and all bur the amos
sensitive kine, belleves the sounds thar come through the
rubble are only the wind, Despite inexplicable disappent-
ances in the area and oxi lights figures thac have been
seen In the pilesofrabble, Thorus refuses to bulieve rumors
tha ghonts haunt the area searchung fo Lost terns un lst
lives among the worldly retuiins of what were once their

ith several areas of Berlin, Nosferatu deliberately
Pankow District

Prenzlaur Berg
(Pen-Zlow-err Berrg)

Kucwina Kornfeld, the Venerue Elder in East Berlin,
i Berg District, and with Mirte, makes
East Berlin's tnost prominent ares for sophisticated
dining and evening entertainment. Katarina hus recently
been using her influence to turn the area into a cosmopl
tan center

Katarina hopes to create a new, elite ares for East
Berlin's wealthier ny nd asa result, ro subseantially
nin Herd. So far Gustav hasnov objected, New

Inctease he

theatres ave sprung up in the area, and the
anarchs of the western half haye started Jooking towards
Prenslaur Berg a 4 likely site for making trouble.

Katarina seems completely unaware of the arcention
that other Kindred have started paying to the area, Ellison
and other Nosferatu, along with several Venitrue, have all
noticed her wtremprs to-entice the wealthier West Berliners
‘over to what was omee East Berlin.

wulenwiteh with greae meorsee On

ons, Wilhelm hus tried, unsuccessfully, to
convince Katarina to change sles Since phone calls and
intermediaries have met with no success, the Prince of West
ay turn to more drastic measures should Katarina
ueceeding.

Treptow (Trep-Tow)

The tow District also holds a great fascination for
several of the older Kindred in Berlin, especially those with
an occult bent. The Archenbold Observatory, establuhied
in 1996, houwes a massive 69-foot-long telescope. The

Rolin hy Night

telescope, slong with the observatory and planetarium,
have been the focal points of several meetings between
Ellison, Maxwell Ldescus (Mabx-Vebl Le-Desk-YU) and
even theestranged Ger of Lalescu, Heinrich Himmler: None
of the three have spoken to anyone about just what fast
nates them $0, but the fact that all respect astrology could
‘mean that something significant is soon to occur.

‘Trepeaw ie alus home to the Troptow Patk and Soviee
Memorial, a favored meeting place of visiting Brujah and of
those Brujah chat still live in Berlin. Unknown: to must,
Isabella Correlli, a powerful Bruja severely injured during
the hambingof Berlin in World Wal, ests in toxporunder
the statue of Mother Homeland in Memorial Park. This
majestic and extremely heavy' statue of woman, carved
from a single piece of granite, weighs just under 50 tons.
ered with stone gateways and, to visiting Beujal, area sign
of glories pasing from their world. The legend "Eternal
Glory to the heroes who fell for the freedom and indepen
dence of the Socialist Homeland," has become a biter
reminder of their loses when che USSR fell from their
hands

Some Kindred have seen Ellison and his knowing eyes
Jo his area, and almoot every visiting Brujah hats had the
misfortune of running across the Nosferatu Rasputin here.
Rasputin has actually been known to laugh directly in the
faces of these Brujah, after sarcastically wishing therm luck
‘wih dhe "eat communist experiment." Of cours, ths has
won him no favor ftom Gustav

For many Germans, both Kindred and kine, the last sad
aspect of this area isthe memorial itself a huge mausoleum
‘opped by the figure of a Soviet soldier. Lhe soldier caries
child in one arm, and a sword in the other, This symbol of
the Soviet occupation holds strong memories forall Ger

To the Matkavians who visit the'area, the statue hn
become the brunt of many acruel joke and even son
vandalism. These jokes ate never told in East Betlin, but
held until returning to the west; Malkavians are crasy, not
stupi

Weisensee (VI-Zahn-see)

The Mesteraru Bllicom i, nsoot Gili "we
‘Weisensee District. As with several of the districts in Ease
Berlin, the jrea has been left untouched excepe for the
inidition of new industrial complexes, The main industry's
‘clothing and textiles. While many of the companies ure
‘equipment considered ancient by United States' standards,
this area was, uncil very recently, responsible for the vast
majority of clothing made in East Germany,

Manyof se factory workersalsolive in thisdstrice, and
n adopted asa herd by the Nosferatu on their
to the eastern half of Berlin. Being the farthest


the mage's
mac

West Berlin's
Districts

Charlottenburg
(Shar-loht-ehn-berrg)

It lin has @ true heart, then that heat
Charlottenburg, T
Berlin and Germ

Kurferstendamm
hterr-dahm)

Wes :
ment, The area ri
Wilmersdorf, and}


onte forma andl sponrancous, erupe ta this area virtually
every weekend e protestsprovidean
exc o during a hectic week. b
theprotests haverecentt
it From his celati
 Kotlir watches in amu
Final Reich joins in the res

exclusively with sonce owned
ad a ared to the ©
the latter part of the 19d
s. The museum focuses on An Deco and Art
‘owering everything in these areas from furniture

In Berlin is the
Egyptian Museum facing the Charlottenburg Palace. The
ani M dom building specialiin
yy of Egypt from around 5,000 BC. 9 A.D. 300.
solia Gute, ulpture oneeenda
in Egypt, (s among
Gerrans received it
both the gare and 1

it once ps Along with a bust of Queen
Nefertiti, trisne st prized possessions on dis

Muscum of Antiquitics
Adjoining the Egyptian Museum is the Museum of
Antiquities, built tc ofthe collection of historical
scuutietat an Bode Museu,
The allies separated the coll ie end of World War
I The m

the time of August

The Radio Museum

The Radio Museurn isd
broadcasting in Germany and ce

a past when life in Berlin seemed much e
cf rights when one prince ruled and anarchs existed only in

Gropius City

ropalation problems i on
cy, With mote than 18,000 residential dwellings

Berlin by Night


2
|
oc
im
co
IE
(ep) EB
uu
=


‘Sever Yearsiigo, an unknown Kindred arrived within
this subycity, promising to-rule fairly and allow free voting
should the Kinded of the area agree tc separate themselves
fromthe city of Berlin proper. The first Kindredhe met were
all Malleavinn. As is their went, the Kooks deew straws 10
decile what to do. After deciding, J. Oswald Hyde-Whice
called on the Final Reich's Hunting Party and politely
fase they saw of the
\would:be-prance was bis sercamning form begging foe meney
as the Hunting Party settled in for dinner.

A splinter group of the Malkavians calling themselves
‘Straight Jacket Dancing Club of West Berlin" has
recently become fond of the area. To dare, the Dancing
(Clubseem primarily interested in visiting the small clubsin
the tea, and dancing the night away intheirfashicnuble (!)
tie-dyed stright jackets: Most Kindred have started avoid»
ing this area of rown,

Grunewald (Gr00-Neh-Valdt)

Grunewald forest lies east of the Havel River, and is
forbidden to all Kindred. Any Kindred caught in the area
ray never he seen again, hunted down and slain by the
Lupines who rule the forest. Wilhelm severely punished the
few Kindted who actually entered Grunewald and survived
to brag of it

Those with Lupine Lore may know thata Lupine caer
cana that dhe Lupines would eagerly die one and
nect it. The eaern has a Moon Bridze ta the Black

4 moots ate frequently held here by the Ger of

rest
all wot
Forest,
Fentis,

lronically, Gronewald also contains a place terrifying
to both Kindred and Lupa Ieherg. (Too. Fels
Berrg), the Devils Mountain. On any given night, shrieks
of pain from beneath the man-made mountaia fill
the more sensitive avoid the
and even kine who are not pereepeive about the
supernatutal find themselves uncomfortable if they stay in
the area to0 long after sunset

Berliners built Teufelsbery out of the huge piles of
rubble left over from World War Il. More than 33 million
cubic yards of debris were used in the construction of this
in, which rises 377 feet above the surrounding are,

Kine consider this atea a fine region for skiing tn the
winter andl iby vcr bus ww che Kiel,
psychically aware humins and the Lupine, the almost
inoualible sounds erupting from the depths of the mountain
ane 1 constunt cause of worry. Nosferatu say the Devil's
Mountain isthe final resting place of the Kindred once used
by the Nazis in genetic experiments. The Lupine say it sthe
prison that holds the mockeries belonging, to, Project:
Werewolf ‘certain, and not even the Malleavians

The one part of Grunewa the Kindred of
Berlin isthe one part that the more sensitive do their hest
toavoid, Even someof Berlin's kine have commentedabout

jor clues,

Berlin by Night

the sense offorebodingevil that covers Teufelsberg,and the
Nosferatu normally avoid getting too clase. OF all che
‘creatures that inhabit the city of Berlin, whatever rests at
the boctom of the Teufelerg, while never sen, is consid
«ered to be the most hideous. The barely pereeprible arom
‘of freshly spilled blood fils the aie here and entices hungry
Kindred. Difficulties to resist frenzies here are increased by
one.

Rasputin has given serious consideration to examining
the Devil's Mountain, hut has yer to do so. Most vampires
simply avoid the area, though more than one of the city's
elders have mode the suggestion, only haliiokingly, that
they woud pay well to know the answer to this tiddle

Kreuzberg (Kr00Z-
Berrg)

Kreusherg stands out among Kindeed for ewo reasons.
‘The fire in the Berlin Museum, dedicated to the clty's
history. It contains scale mexle! landscapes of Berlin as it
looked from the 1éch century to present times and is one of
the most protected parts ofthe Elysium. No Kindred would
dare assault this building for fear of retribution from viru
ally every other vampiee in the city. The Kindred of Beilin
hold their city in great esteem, and this monument is akin
to sered ground in the eyes of most,

The other reason for Kreusberg's importance is that it
che ouly section of Beclin without n formal Burgometster
Frankly, few Kindred want to make their homes in the
sinallest and most heavily populated section of Berlin,
though they enjoy feeding here and visting the museum
or just wwakleny eouble,

‘Additionally, anarchs and the Final Reich occasionally
come here to bash some heals, Kreurberg enjoyed u heavy
snflux of foreigners, with Turks making up more than one
fifthof the population. Substantial numbersot other foreign,
fariliesak livein the area. Thedistticthas become knn,
1s. place for just about every type of petson to hang ou
‘Anyone from the rich and famousr0 the poor nd infamous
can be found here.

The Final Reich his rolled through this section on
several occasions, hell-bent on driving the entire foreign
population away. Police have had to break up tiotous fights
and combat the cases of arson that break out whenever the
Reich makes ics presence known, White Supremacistshave
kalled mote than 200 peopl here in their attemprs to drive
all foreigners from Berlin.

Withelm's test attempes to stop the Reich have met
With failure and frustration as Dieter Kotlar smiles, shrugs
and explains that "the population. has to be controlled.
Since Wilhelm seems unable to control the influ of fer
tigners, somebody has to carry his slack." Kotlar publicly
‘condemns the vandalism, even though he has been spotted
atthe center of wich activities un several occasions


liv spite of hid somuyiness, Dieter Korlar bas not

Neukolin (New-KO-Len)

akdlly can only be describe
(Be
park open u

ack Island, but that
1¢ I8cé century when the
A fy his favoned few


nics wich unre chats ewo members ate t00 big fOF the
nrtiments. Berliners hold the entire area in disdain, and
while many five here, most would desperately like to be
somewhere else

Purt of the problet plaguing Brandenburg Quarter
could be the odd suta coming from Labars (Loo-bwrrs)
Labs dates back to the earliest pure of 13th contury, and
hhaslong been deserted. There sno proxfto Kindred rumors
that the Camarilla destroyed a group of Baill here, bat the
‘xd sensations arising from the scemingly tranquil National
Landmark have been known to send Kindred and sensitive
kine into frensies of unholy fear

It the Bradt ere indeed here at one time, then the
rituals performed by the diabolical bloodline must have
been powerful for the effects to have lasted for more than,

ile Luburs isa solid tourist attraction and safe for
those who visit, no Kindred come here. No Garou haveever
been seen in the region, and no practitioners of magic have
ever felt comfortable enough in the region co settle down.
‘Were it not for the Tegel Airport, the Kindred of Berlin
would stay away from Reinickendorf altogether,

Schoneberg
(ShO-Neh-Berrg)

Most Berliners think of Schoneberg asin upp
ast district, Featuting spacioushomes und several shopping
centen. With the exception of the Ventrue, Berlin's Kin-
dred find the entire district boring. The Ventrwe, however,

‘enjoy the area anid frequently visit the Schoneberg Town,
Hall, now the House of Representatives for all Betlin wind
the seat of power for the Mayor's offices

‘The Final Reich hasmade more than a docen threats to
destroy the building and everyone in iri Wilhelm does not
seep down fiom his position. As always; Kotlar claims no
knowledge of such threats, and as always, Wilhelm has yet,
to take the threat very seriously

Spandau (Shpahn-dow)

Spandau is locaed on the far westside of West Berlin,
sands primarily residential area. Whileafew Kindred have
havenshere, vampiresmostl more rh
from whete the action is, Howev
River, the Spondiau Citadel
Originally builtin the fatter partof the 1500s, Spandau
Citadel has stood asa testamentagainst destruction through
che turbulent decades ind centuries that have passed, Now
1s the meeting place for Berlin's Sabbat, secluded enough
‘oallow them to perform theie rituals and make theirplans
without difficulty. Any Kindred who agrees eo join the
Sahat és initiated in this area, normally buried iv the
grounds of che small Jewish cemetery that predates the

4 Berlin by Night

(Citadel itselt Himenter lind a strange irony in burying the
new Sabbat in this graveyard, but never cells anyone just
why,

Unknown to all, Betlin's very first vampite, Erik
Eigermuarin, rests here in torpor, Erik knows of the Sabbar
Influence in Berlin, but has not taken any action against
them. Sofat he doesnot know ifthey poseathreat cohisown,
agenda Enk has grown frustrated with the petty squabbling
amongst the Kindred of Berlin and, 1s he slowiy rises from,
the depths of torpor, ponders which prance he will support
So far he is leaning strongly towards Gusta

Sterglitz (Shterr-Glitz)

The Ventiue control Stewlits, one of Berlin's most

‘expensive ireas, Houses in this district are berter described

rons. and normally have enormous garlecs std
lawns surrounding chem, Here, sin no other part of Berlin.
the ellee meet to mingle and scheme, The Ventru like to
think of Stenglis asa private oss away from the grief and
hassle of the test of the city, but all Kindred are welcome
here

Kindred who do visit mast follow a special set
Anarchs who value their unlives know better than
Usrupcthe tranquillity in Sterglitzand areadvised to remain
in other sections of Berlin where freedom of speech and
action isacceptable. These suggestions are not made by the
Ventrue, but rather by the few wha have experienced the
force of the Vettue wrath.

A number of Toreador and almost every Ventre in
Berlin have havens i this:tea, and many clas that chete
are forces wt work t> aid in Steqglits's trnquillity. Mast
‘would be exceptionally surprised to discover that faeries a
partially responsible

‘The truth of the matter rests in Sterglitz's Botanical
Gardens and Botanical Museum. Faeries have carefully
hidden havens of their own in the gandens, and as long as
they are left in peace by the Kindred, they return the fave.
The Faerie are also quite determined co protest thele ter
tory from any other influences that could possibly cause
them grief.

No vampire seems t know whar they are defending,
and the few who know of them debate whether the faeries
guard a doorway co Arcadia, a faerie lord of somethine far
worse, Still, no place in Berlin is as safe from trouble as
Sterglts. Faerie magics calm anyone who stays in the
dlstrict for more than a few minutes. Even the Brujah who
have visited the urea seem less inclined towards frenzy.
Scorytellersshould reduce the difficulties ofall ols to resist
frencies by one here

"The Botanical Gardens cover more than 100 acres and
contiits over 18,000 different varieties of plants and rex
Here,asin few other placesinthe world, the forcesofNature
seem at peace with man, One section of special note isthe


athe st pl perks, a
ptor Maxwell Lalescu of Henry

Museum is cenowned for its herbaria
ant specie

pare of Ely

Tempelhof
(Tem-Pel-Hov)

The Ventmie patcol and maintain Tempelhof, fur they
consider it one of the most important sectors of Berlin. The
primary reason for 15 A of Airport,
West Berlin's secondary sitpore, The Ventrue have Retain
ersand paid watchers constantly on the lookout for the first

present themselve

yacthe Tempelhof airport isstrict at che best of
forbidden, Despite

Tempethot

gross viol
with Final Death. Wilhelm doc
Masquetnde here, howeve
government knows, or

theo Wilhelm'sdisyust, he cannot fin ou jie wh

1 in control of the Tempelhof Airport, for the Nosferan

warn hum that someone else ru t has heard

rt, Lupine

hin and a lange glo

le aren, None of the

prospects bother him as batext rumors of u small
military lab specifically set up to study the Kindred

Tiergarten
(Teer-Gart-en)

burgomeister. Th

Chaptor Thaw Geography 3%


10 of Deslioe nas cwy separace ec
tions, the West Berlin Government created a separate
Academy of the Arts Like its predecessor, it was originally

he an institute of higher teaming for those who
already had artistic training. Several of the instructors are
actually Retainers to different Toreador, and.as such always
manage to set aside rooms for Toreador meetings, usually
held monthly

Tierpark
‘The Bawt Berlin Zoo is also in this district, This 200
fgtined renown as one of the most diverse in the Eastern

Block, ing animals from virtually every part of the
work|, A numberofstrange Gangrel havebeen spotted here.

Bellevue (Bell-Vew) Palace

Bellevue Palace, the primary office for the prime min-
ster of united Germany, is not always open to the publi,
but several of the eraftier Nosferacu have made ica regular
‘haunting ground. As with so many buildings in Berlin, the
Bellevue Palace needed a lor of rebuilding after WWI, and
some think Ellison made itasecondary haven. Ifthe
of Ellison's hidden pasageways are crue, then chey ha

cctherneverbeen found or the guards ate well paid co ignore
them.

Congress Hall

Congress Hall was the United States' contribucion to
the tnternational Building Festival held in 1997, and later
became @ target for the Final Reich. While most kine
believe the elaborate and deconitive roof collapsed due to
poor architectural structuring, the West Berlin Primogen
ancl Wilhelm consider the buikling's probleins as the Final
ich' attack.

The effects have been long lasting. Repairs have gone
poorly, as have Wilhelm's attempts to maintain strict order
without hiving to nesore to the same dristic measures
Gustav usesto this day. Gustav was the first to point out that
anarchs have a great deal of difficulty causing such destruc-
tion in East Berlin, He was also the first w note that a good
number of the younger Kindred in the West consider
Wilhelm to be nothing but a puppet of the West Berlin
Primogen.

The Hanscatic (Molm-ZE-Ahtic)
Quarter

Work! War Il almost completely destroyed one of the
Langer sections of Tlergarten, and it rook a massive collabo
tative effort to rebuild the Hanseatic Quarter in te late
1950s, Entirely residential, ic also has a small scattering of
churches nnd schools ay well us apartment buildings and
nd landscaping, and enjoy pointing
king or the staruaryin that little

one

styles of ar
out ther

ayonths
park to their next meas,

36 Berlin by Night

The Musical Instrument Museam

Anotherfavorite ofthe Toreador the museum holds
enormous collection of musical instruments fom azounsd
the world, a large library on the history of rmusic and a
rematkable collection of recordings. The Toreador we the
museum as an alternate meeting place.

The Tiergarten Park

"The Tlergarten Park sa large open.area originally wed
as.a hunting preserve and later rebuilt by Prederick II asa
park. The Tiergarten Park was destroyed in World Wat IL
and ud ta he reseaped for a second time: The Toreador
meet here on occasion, and the Tiergarten has became
non-formal part of Elysium. Memorial statues scattered
throughout the Tiergarten commemorate the lives of vate
fous members of Germany's roya families and several of
Berlin's more renowned artist

The Tiergarten also contains the Victory Column.
Moved from East Berlin towards the end of World War Il,
the Victory Column celebrates German victoriesin several
simaller wars, Standing 220 feet tall, many of West Berlin's
Kindred see the column asa symbol of the freedom that
came to all when Wilhelm asurped Gustav's power. The
Final Reich isstll working out the fines details of a plan to
destroy the Vietory Column,

Wannasee (Vahn-ah-zE)

Wannasee it not only one of the most prominent
neighborhoods im Berlin bur is also the name of a large
tecrentional park hordered on one side by the Grunewald
fand on the other by the Havel river. Along with the
Grunewald, the Wannasee isone of the ¢wonatural habitars
in Berlin. These days the Wannasee resembles an amuse
ment park, with a lange numberof cafe's and restaurants, as
well as large beach along the Havel

To the Kindred, Wannasce provides great opportu
‘esfor huntingand feeding. The Lupine despise the district
ssa blight on the Earth, and several are considering forays
into the area

Wedding (Ved-Ding)

Anarchs seem to favor Wedding, perhaps due to the
scsacity of Eyam ateas i this part of Berlin's downtown
Second only to Tiergarten in the number of harsand dance
halls, anarchs also find the Anti-Krtegs (Anti-War) Mu
seum especially amusing. Large and illegal protest marches
against che influx of foreigners into Betlin regularly happen
here,

As often as not, the Final Reich endorses and funds
these rallies. Despite the Prince's rules on Elysium, vandals
have struck a the Antl-Keiegs Museiim and it has Keen the
turget of several bomb threats, Dieter Kodlar rules as the


Burgomeister of Weddin
lnowledge that he or the Fin

Wilmersdori
(Vil-Merrs-Dori)

Walmersdorf, while considered a separat

Zehlendori
(Zeh-Lehn-Dori)

The Nati
nthe bi
Archiv


‘The Free University of Berlin

of the city took Humbolde
from West Berlin, the kine
the situation by creating the Free Univer:
y has expanded stendily over the decacles
les more than 50,000 seudents a year. The
2 for the Final Reich, and they

's facilities awa
quickly cectifis
ity T
ant now hy

\d the Vertue
rea, They select future
ce certain that sf any trouble erupts, itis
the kind of trouble they

Retainers and

the Free University of Berlin is filed with many different
mortals from many diferent ares, nil has the porerial
bbecoume a serious trouble spot. The University's

part of West Berlin's Elysium.

Glienicke(GI-Nik-Eh) Palace

lienicke Palace was otiginally « summer li
Prince Carl of Prosi, w
bling 6
burt tothe Kindred this location m:
This castle, slong with die Glienicke
‘West Berlin, On those occasions when the princes ha
talk, this small castle has the dubiouy honor of bein their
meeting place.

Ieb

me foe

obuilt ir in the lace 18th cencuty:
ply another tourst attraction to
ch

ont East

deve Elysium in boch Bast and West Berlin.
int meeting between both princes?
red spreading in the city as fear of
matilla intervention grows stronger. Equally strong
moo of anoneh tnervention have been speeadmg, The
nferatu have reported march threats to bomb the area
should such na take place
The adjoining park is 287 acres, and the Havel river

The Border

Where a wall once ram through the city there is now
open land —nt least asfarasthe kine ate concerned. Tothe
the just as well have never come down,
teyernes the linn without

ng imumediately to the peince of the East or West and
ing themselves. That isthe wisest choice ro make
The Brandenburg Gate, once the primary checkpoint
between the nen cities, now open und unguarded: i is not
uunatebed, Wherever the Beclin Wall once stood, the
wards ofthe Tremere can still aler the princes and
their primoyens of invading Kindred. The Berlin Wall

nical focus of the Tremere Rituals, but a3
one fromm the wall stands, the wards place by
Hl work, albeit noe as Well as they once di

long ws any st
the Tremere

38 Berlin by Night

‘At che most cominon places where vampires
‘across, both princes have Retainers on patrol. The Retin
ersdo not uttack; they simply report if the visiting Kindred
does not present hesvelf in a reasonable amount of tite
punishment is sure to follow

Places of Note

Berlin has many points of interest co Kindred from
around the world, West Berlin always welcome visitors —
provided they follow Prince Wilhelm's laws. Wilhelm's
open door policy hasbeen considered ondical madd
by certain factions of the Camanilla leading eo criticism
and, o¢casionally, carefully concealed wcts of terrorista ut
the part of the grawing anarch faction in West Berl
Like inmy of i European ind North Amerie
terparts, Berlin sa city thar never truly sleeps. Between the
bars, nightclubs, cabarets und theatres, the city hus a rich
variety of night life to sure virrually any Kinadred's desires.
Listed below are just a sampling of the possibilities for 3
night's odvencure.
The number of bars nightelubs und discotheques in
Berhinisrivaled only by the variety of these clubs that exis.
rom beer-houses and nightclubs to cabarets; transvestite
bars ind casinos, the city is alive with emy prey for any

Kindred.
Museums

Fietlin has surprising sumber of museums that sty
‘open past dark, and Kindred can visit without the necessity
of Dominating or bribing 2 guard for the privilege. While
mest still close by ix pum,,a number of Toreador favorites
have cercain nights when they remain open well beyorud
sunset

Foe example, the Belin Files: Muse
Welnesdays and Sururdays until 11 p.m. for the express
purpose of showing historic films, and the Berlin National
‘Art Gallery remains open until 10 pam. every might. For
obvious reasons, the Prince of West Berlin insists on astrict
rule of Elysium in these museums and, at the insistence of
the Toreador elder, hes included all other museuins as well
The Toreador normally spend a good dea of thei time

the enuceuma and will eofercs hee Elyse

‘The only way to gain entrance to o¢her museums after
dark is to Dominare or bribe the guanls thae work there
‘most of the Kindred simply do not believe thar the reward
sgvinedt in these circumstances is worth the effort involved
‘The Toreador have managed to gain. access to all of the
‘museums in Berlin, and as often as not have havens inside
sngencies. The one possible exception tc
she Egyptian Museum, derailed in Book Two:

‘While East Berlin also hasa number of museums, these
are notas strongly protected for the simple reason that thete
‘te no Toreador save Thomas De Lutrius in the eater half


lr h the prin

The Amerika Gedenkbiliothek
(ged-ehnk-bil-ee-00-tek)

ins to run across members of the Tremere clan in
Berlin, as they continue to look for the alleged Library of
Hitler san, the Library hi "1
unt of a (albeit unoff

i lace for the Tremen

Museum

The Botanical Gardens and

apposed tercloseat 7 p.m. nightly, Betlin'sfew Gangrel lik
soar there after dark. The gardens cove

few guards on duty during the night ate all part
\¢ Gangrel Herd in Berlin, and, are hesitant ti

The Palaces
Palace s the haven of Prince Wilbel
in Berlin. The palace has been

eendof Workd War amd Gi

fact known toall Kindn


The Berlin Castle un Rast Berlin is Fine Gust
haven, Gustav has declared the easle Elysium, and receives
visitors and handles business from within the castle wall
One substantial problem hus arisen within the last

three seca in Berlin, primarily on the western half. The
I Reich has moved into the area of terroest activity,
mindless deseruction and vandalism in several

he museums and even setting bombs in te Boxle (bOM)
Museum in Mitte anal Charlottenburg Castle, Police dis
armed the bomats in both eases, bur they had been set to
ceqplode at non, giving chem a better chance to destroy any
al cesiding within the walls and to ensure damage to

Guards in both of the buildings discovered the cnide
cexplotive devices long hefore they would lnive detonated,
‘Wilhelm has offeced a substantial ceward for information
leacling to the capture ofthe inclividunls responsible for the
attempts, and Thomas De Lutrius, the Toreador elder of
Ext Berlin, is doing his best to gather information
attempts ts well

The Political
Elysiums

Dh 10 (ts tole as the main center for the German
government, several buildiny are also considered part of
the Elysium for political reasons instead of artistic ones.

Aside from the variousembassies in Charlotte

Important locations ate listed here

International Congress Ceater
Berl post-war building, the Incernation
Congress Center took nine years to build, From che first,
most of Berlin opposed such a monolithic structure, but the
money the ICC has brought into Berlin has been astound.

ned specifically for use in business conventions
se th wan Stock Exchange, the build
et 200 dh in excess of 2,000,000
ors ints fine five years, Nox surprisingly, the entire
Aclingis ride with sy large crawl spaces and
ceven spare havens for several of West Berlin's elders,
The Ventnue anit News of Ey
here, Ellison und Wilhelm have both made subs
money ftom the trade secrets gathered and sold

Europa Center

ropa Center, aso referred tos "Pepper's Man

the architect who designed che 22-story
gress center, shopping
several bars, « casino, one cab n cinema and

hotel are scattered mong the shops ind bouriques. The

Berlin byNight


‘atino nd bars stay open until early in the morning, giving
Kindred a place where they can mingle with and feed on
Borlnery and tourists
The Europa Center is one of the ment solidly estab-
lished areas of political neutrality in the city. Most Kindred
gladly follow these rules, as the Europa Center alo contains
the only Kindred bar in town. Das Fleidermaus (Dahz Flay-
"The Bat," 1s carefully hiklen away froen
most of te people who come to Europa Center, built into
the sub-busements of the mussive complex
Irpermits admission toonly those kine jaded enouigh to
be bored by all of the gaan malts orenacttons. Kindred are
alvaysallowed. Many visiting Kindred have stayed within
the Europa Center, never leaving its confines until theit
tusiness grew too pressing. The center plays haven to many
ofthe Kindred who vistr, allowing them to feel secure in the
knowledge that the Elysium will most likely not be broken,
mown to most, Europa Center is also home to
Ellison, the Nosferatu elder of Berlin. Ellison discovered
ancient sewer lines running beneath the building, and
tablished hishaven in these lines. Along with the tightest
security in the city, he also has immediate access to some of
themost peivileged information. Muchof the Europa Center's
seeutity is tSloox Bound to Ellison, and he has one of the
finest furnished havens ever to belong to a Nosferatu.

Charlottenburg Palace

In the center of Charlortenbuurg isthe Charlottenburg
Palace.  combinution park, musewer und tourist aterac-
tion, the Palace is also haven to Wilhelm, Prince of West
Berlin, Devastated by the Berlin bombing of November 23,
1945, after the war it was restored with great attention tc
derail

The reconsenuction also allowed Wilhelm to arrange
several hidden moms within the polace, including a large
underground conference hall used as the primary meeting
place of the West Berlin Primogen until the [CC was
completed. Kindred guests to Berlin who Wilhelm deems
impormnt enough may stay in the hidden suites of the
place, bur chis mainly allows Withelm to know where they

eremoniz),

Kaiser (KI-zer) Wilhelm
Memorial Church

The mest popular of all the churches for Kindred to
meet in is the Kaiser-Withelm-Gedachnuskitche (Ged:
AHN:nesk-kursh-sheh), adjoming the Emperor William
Memorial Church, in Hansvarietal (The Hansearic Quar
ter), The two churches are actually considered to be only
‘one house of God, with the Emperor Friedrich bein

only section used by kine, The Katser Friedrich, built
between 1892 and 1895, was destroyed duiringthe bombings
at the end of WWIL.

Devastated by the idea of teutinyy down the skelecal
reinains, the Toreador used theit influence to have another
church built around theoriginal ruins. Theresulrisaunique
mixeure of ancient brick snd etone with aluminum and
stnined glass. The Toreador consider the building one of
their finest achievements, and both Kindred and kine are
fascinated by the finished product.

Kindredcan oftenbeseen late at night inside the gutted
femains of the original church, either in formal gatherings
or in casual discussion, The kine of Berlin have recently
made progress in refurbishing the interior of the Kaiser
Wilhelm Memorial Church, and the building is now ised as
a church rather than simply as a monument. Kindred
{influence remains strang, however, and the church is used
during the might a» » Kindred meeting place. Due
nature of the mectings that often tule place, the Tremere
cloaked it with a ritual that makes people ignore the
frequent gatherings of Kindred within the rebuilt interior,

The church is only one street away from ¢
Kurfurterdanis stip, noverious for political provests
the occasional riot that breaks out, The area tsa favorite for
Malkavian and Brujah alike, and has been used by the
Hunting Parry on more than one occasion to avoid being
spotced in thelr attacks oa other Kine
finds the politcal rallies an endless source of 9
aggravation, but, lke the kine who live in ana rule West
Berlin, has not yet devised « means to stap the protests.

‘Chutes Thuve: Geogsaply 41



Chapter Four: .
The Kindred

Berlin'sprinces constantly struggle agninsteach other that must be followed. Th life
and the rapid changes in che world around them. The city Gustav and Wilhelm's reigns comes in the punishments

4 to be East Berlin has drawn more than 200,000 new mn penale he east, Gustav has alread
nhabicants each year. E d the normal punish

ave proved unable tw cope with
Withelm has had better success keepin
Berlin's Kindred have also had
at policy, which allows a co
Kindred. Even though he had this policy before eeunifica- region they dom
Germany surrounded the etty personal bel
control over Kindred visitors than he once had. Though this chapret makes cleat
both princes have strong support in their separate sections This section details less than half of Berlin's Kindred;
Kindred an kine has led ro dfficuleies in watching their + to devise. T members of the Final
princes have forbidden the creation of new progeny, ndot Poseurs, or anything else the Storyteller desir
he laws of both East and West Berlin are similar, and The most recent census of the city pl permane

following the Traditions is first and foremost in the rule, Kinilred population at 49, but no one believes this figure


Brujah

Ganfusion in her eye

comer

says itll

She's

Joy Division, "She's Last Control

Jn Berlin, for most have gone
of clan members in wha
aviet Union. Most who left have not been
©. The few who remain, however, do not
eit presence known,
this clan in Berlin have
ty havens on the westside of the city, where they
information for clan elders. They have
wait until receiving further word from one of their
doonext, but their masters tothe ea
pave had nyo hick in dise

csxigate the disappear

wsed to be the

heard from si

All the remaining members

ed.

ast part, the Brujal run with,

he city's
with, The

anjrehs, finding them easy to associa

Beyjah sill support Guytay, a fact which often confuses
snuitchs from other cities. The clan uses ite association with
the unarchs to fuel discontent in West Berlin; it does

ything if confronted by anyone in

inst World War
1 nether was abun

2 had difficulty
ply dist' have

may widowed mother si

fend for myself at an early age: Someone

Find to murke «living for aay fimtly, Dealing tn the black
market weapors proved the only way to sustain
myself and my useless mother. By the time I turned 15, hud
grown taller chart my full-grown neighbors and became a
sster at "protecting" others ithe city,
rovided they could pay my peice. This normally came in
the form of flesh and food rather than the useless paper

wiey we Giermans learned

‘change. A
tose in Germany, and | it—the
uler Ade

Hitler, knew how toretum out
nl knew his words were rue
ry of

Mine was one of the first bod

calling ott i
Vest have

mmicted both
he attention of a Brujah who had
ntly made Berlin her home, Isabell Correll wasa dark.
ined beauty with a mind and will of her own. Isabella
ened ro my impassioned speech

n good, for

nthe street corner and

J by my energy and ea

wok but i modient to decide tomake me like

hee. My Embrace was brutal andshe tore out tn tehile
fought despericely against her. Laughing und cx

‘mocked! the way I foughr her. My helplessness

unlike others she had tested this way

me live,
uayed together until we inviided Poland in. 1939,
co Italy, and Lopted to serve my
I could. Many kine died with te

+ of the Death's Head O

eaime upon

‘When the wir ended, with Germany again defe
returned to Berlin, vowing to keep alive the ways of th
Third Reich, The Jyhad has trapped od
vicious clutelies, but Thave made my o

Final Reich to keep alive my promise

+ varpites ties
way, and use th

Hound a kindred soul in Gustay; Leven agree with most

of his philosophies, and Lid him when called. Gustav, after

was amuijor power in the Sccand World War and a
strong supporter of Hitler's beliefs. Anogher menaber af thy
Final Reich once told me Gustav provides the loyalty and
affection I have craved f ing; do mot know if this ts

true, bur I know how to take care of the hunger myself
Steet Isabella Corrll

Nature: Vision

Demeanor:

Generatio

1931
Apparent Age:
Physical: Stren

Embrace

th 5, Dexterity 4, Seamina 6
4. Manipal

‘ercepeioa 2, Inte

Social: Chat
Mental:
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dod
Intienidarion 6, Le

igence 2, Wits 4

lership 3, Streetwise 4, Subter

Berlin by Night


lls: Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledgent Bureaucracy 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 1,
Politics
Disciplines: Ce
rence 5, Presence 4
Background: Allies 6, Influence 3, M:
€1s 4, Resources 2, Status 2
Virtues: (

y 4, Dominate

2, Fortitude 2, Po-
, Remain:

science 1, Sell-Control 3, Courage 4
Humanity: |
Willpower: §
Notes: Dieter has developed an especially effective
combnt technique. When in hand-to-hand combat, his
body will flush all over,and any acracks he makes cause
aggravated wounds, This costs him a Blood Point each
funn. but if the targee fails a Wallpower roll, pain
ncapecitates her for the next turn,
jeter sm powerfully buile blond ia
ue eyes. He is quick with a smile for f
is path, He normally wears tight dt ls
and, depending on his mood, may even sport swastika
rabares
Roleplaying Hintss Think polit
toanyone who lo

ina line or tw

Reich holds the truth about life as
uld be, and you are quick e anger
wults you are

Know that the Fi
ld. and

should anyone mock it. In a battle
deadly; in a battle of fists you are even deadlier, Don't

Berlinand even some in
are in poorly kept hull

ihout West
ne east for emergencies. Most
2s requiring minimal upkeep.
Influence: Astheleaderof the Final Reich, Diecer likes
to believe that he has great power. Sadly for him,
Malkaviansmake up the majority of the Reich. if called
upon, tnost will respond, but just how they will respond
ts anyone's guess, The Reich's mortal counterparts see
Dieter asa source of information and a potential tool,
but are careful not to etoss his path,

Erika Geiger (GUY-Gerr) -
‘The Fanatic

Until I mer Dieter, my life was a constanc argument
with everyone. Wemer ata protest rally, both of usagreeing
that the Pakistan! and the rest of the trash moving into.
Germany had no right to be there. When the protest starred
to get a little rough — some of the Paki's had the nerve to.
talk back to us — Dieter got me away from the police who
came to arrest us as if we Were the ones who started the
violence.

Dieter told ime about the Fiaal Reich, giving me st
‘ning insights into the trath about Berk
city allowed i Is fim for most of the nights ane
by the rime we left to en hone, 1 as i I

someone who understoosthe waysin which d

ran, With the Amenikaners controlling the rest of th

with money and theeats, how could In

Within

few days afer th

love h
weve! we started making love and any a
he Embraced me, giving me a chance to
live forever at ius side. I fed fom him nightly, nnd he fed
from me; thus ensuring that our love would last

Newee could Vhave ina night or the
trve thrill ofthe hunt. One by one, the ewo of us track down,
the foreigners who have invaded our homeland. One by of

anv alway

we the beauty oft

ntl they a
place tar hice the beeies

Together, with time and patience, we shall teacly the
rest of the city the error of its ways, Berlin és for Gerinane.
and all others must be removed.
Sire: Dicter Kotlar
Nature: Fanatic
Rebel
Generation: 8th
Embeace: 1969
Apparent Age: 23

Demeano

lation 3, Appearance 3
ception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertnex 3, Brawl 2 Incimidation 3, Secetwise 3
4, Metee 3, Security 4, Stealth 2
Linguists 2, Politics +
ciplinest Celerity 3, Potence 4, Presence 2
Backgrounds: Allies

4, Influence 1, Mentor 1
Humanit

‘Chapter Four! The Kindeed 45


Virtues: Conscience 1, Selt-Control 2, Couiige 5
Willpower:

Image: Erik has
same bleached

piked blond hair that remains the
2» when she was Embraced. Her
She normally
sng T-shirts with various

cone of her moogls, her sneer changes her
then

saranice for

Roleplaying Hints: If the characters are Cauc
treat them well, if they speak German, the
friends, Ifthey only speak Encl
arthem. You are quietly arrogant
be snide. When speaking of Dieter, do: so with a
feverence that ts clear and powerful

Haven: W
Influence: Erika his a gteat

pe look divwen your nose
never hesitate to

rer Dieter

I of influence over

Dieter, but opts to use tat influence in small wage.

Stefan Rutigar (Shtef-Aha ROO-

ahirr) - The Fist

od to Berlin ina eff na better job thas I
J ae bome, in Hambur was not my luck, [
thad only been here fora few hours bekone | wis assaulted by

my sire,a woman who's name fstill do wocknow. Sometimes
I wonder if should hate hecot lave her for what she did to
fe of the Wall, [had ro run as
swiftly as posible to the west once the prince learned of my

me. Embraced on the eat

My site's only warning was to leave the East as quickly
» possible and never to rerum. I was. fool, for Lnever even
imagined that there was mote than one prince. After the
fifth night in West Berlin, ran actos ather Ki
who had never seen me, cines who saw me kill

teave his body in an alley with the wounds unticke

dod, one

and the
sgash in his throat still bleeding

wi hour they had drag
Wilhelan, His fury was rerify
‘would Uestioy me, Instead he himself to ealm ¢
old me the laws ofhis fiefdomn, For the wexe thre
‘was left in his haven, given his blood to drink and told the.
of the Kindred and the Camurilla, None of this
od ey mind

me before Prince
to behold, and | knew he

it the man. ! knew in mv heart shat
weak, unable to control the city thar he ruled. {fele
Wilhelm, and realized he needed my aid to

‘When he released me from my eapeiviey, I wandered
through the city for a tine, tying to learn of the other
Kindred, until I met Dieter and Erika. We talked, and as
time passed we became friends. Theie opinionsand attigudes
lead

th

Erika is everything | eve

my decision to join them. for they are rhe ones wath

power to keep Oustav from destroying Wilhelin

She is with

Dieter now, but

became Kindred only four years ago, but che lie I Iuad

fs more dream than a reality fur me, Make no mistake, my
Lume is coming soon, and [ know the way e of
Berlin. Gustav will die when the time Uy right and, if
necessary, s0 will Dieter, Soan both Wilhelm and Erika will
belong to me.

Sire: Ise Boensch
Natures Plorer
Demeanor: Survivor
Gene
Embrac
Apparent age: {7

Physicals Stength 4, Dexterity 3, Staminie 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manip
Mental: Perception 3. Intellicence 2. Wits
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Do

tion 5, Appearance 2

Empathy 3, Streecwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 1, Melee 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: 3

Disciplines Presence 3
Backgroun

Virtuest Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Connie 5

Humanity: 4
Willpower: 7
Image: Srefan's auburn hair curls rightly round his

blue jeans and a heavy metal Tesbure abbey with his
scuffed calflength boots. Stefun ulwaysstniles, bur the
smile is sarcastic, almost cruel. He is of average height

and has a lean build

Roleplaying Hints: Alwa
edge of danger. Smile ever

but with an
fou look at th

characters, but challenge them with your eves, Flit

Beclin by Night


with fer
words

le chameters and never hesitate to make your
male characters a hidden threat.

Haven: Stefan has no

of his Retau

haven, and he normally
sleeps in of 1s' homes.
Influence: Gustav believes he understands how Ste
works, and finds him to be « more useful tool
. Stefan: is quieter and more deadly. In East
the wre side
0 Dieter
helm, and Wittvelm
ond that links Stefan to
1 he dows

remains quiet and subservi

ako the peaultimate spy f
akes full advantage of the
us beligves thar he has fe will

save when Wilhelin calls

Only a few of the Kindred who have come to Berlin
have been foolish enough t o being Caitiff. These
res have sekiom lived long enough vo regret cheit
stupidity, There are rv Caitif in Berlin a this time — or at
chin blow
allowing the weaker
cinses of the chacs in the
New World, Some believe
midst, bur no

least none who will admit to
The Kindred of Berlin botd th
fro live is one of the ma
United Stores and the rest of th

Malkavians harbor several monerels in the
one has been able ta prove st

Gangrel

Berlin has even fewer permanent Gangrel than it does

Brijah, Most decided to leave the area when West Berlis

suf its frst

clan members stil in town, however, are powerful enough
old their own. and smart enough te remain mostly
cand the west. While

estem sideof the city, ullare

i ut will — provided they
hey cross over

Daryl Lutz (LOOtz) - Feral

Thad heand of the Kindred long before [over met one:
Yousee, my brother was Garou and he told me much about
the agents of the Wyrm, Fritz believed the Kindeed all
roy the world in. effort to kill the great Ear

a. 1 never ance doubted his word
Then Lmet
inthe woods:

mosthaver
allowed to visit
present themselves to'

alfKeller, who came and camped with me
night as! waited for Frits. Weesat for some
time, ralking of nothing special, and simply killing time

while waited. Almost
to relax when Ral

urd passed and | wasstarting
tacked me. The Embrace was imered
ible, and my becoming was like.
When 1 recovered, Ralf was gone and Lupines sur
onvince the othersofhis pack that was noe like the oth
Kindred, for | was his brother. They would n
fended his pack off and cold me to run. | newer thought 1
would see him again.
Still, Fries has
time, teaching me the wayso Gar
Garou of the Black
other. We work topes
would destroy Gaia

seen. Frit:

aged to meet with me from time t
paved. Ihe ls with tl

; avoiding the other Kindeed

‘Whee their lot hunting grounds became thteatened, 1
foxand them a new home in Grunewald. Ideal for the Garo
ds near the Havel rivet span more thay 12 squat
nd isa preserve, untouched by ut
te. Ld
hold their

leaving when they must and

tected by ligne — Lives I helped e
any best co ensure tis protection, anid the Ga
amet form of Masquerade,

returning when all

fe wgain
the Wyrm, but I take comfort an knunving that T help the
Lupine, so much more human than myselt All who would
come to Gnimewal

sending retainets
ne hack empty

I shall never join

sending Assaunites who never tetur, «
daylight hours and having them
bande i i,t

(Chapter Four: The Kindred 47


Apparent Age: 40
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Skills; Animal Ken 5, Melee 5, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Linguistics 3, Lupine Lore 5
Animalism 5, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4,
potence 4, Protean >
Alllies2, Cantacts 3, Retainers §, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 8
Images Daryl ts brutal ooking inan, with a face made
more for snatling than for smiling. While powerfully
thal, be tsalso.only 5'7", His hair is wild and resembles
and he has mutton choy mustache. Both the
‘mustache and mane ate flecked with gray. He normally
Wears loove tinting dark clothes. He Inoks ax ihe is on
the edge of Frenzy, and mast of the time, he If the
toryteller uses Werewolf, note that Daryl does. noe
af against the Sense Wyrm gift.
Roleplaying Hints: You hate Kindred, for they are all
yousich youwerer looor deseiuy dheuton sight,
tory. Your
er in the

but you will warm them away from your te
voice a fow rumble; storm clouds
distance with the echoes of thunderin yourwords. Your
steongesr desite
cersand your H

> protect yrnar dain, your Reta

{. More than anythingelse you want to
ul you have astrong bond with the Garou

leaders of the Grunewald Sept.

Haven: All of Grunewald

Influence: The Lupine of Grunewald are Duryl's allies

and family, The five eldest of these Lupine are his

ghouls, and ace Blood Bound to him. Ae the same time,

the Lupine serve as his Herd, and he will proteet thee

with his own life

Malkavian

When der Fuchter says we der master race
We hel ppp, hei ppp, right ner Fuehner's face!
Spike Jonesand the City Slickers, "Der Fuchree's

Face"

‘The Malkevian clan makes up the second largest core
rein the city, after the Ventrue. The members of this clan,
often referred to as Fleilermaus (Bats), are all active in the
political battle raging becween east and west

Once aueek theentite clan gathers to deswstrovse The
Malkavian who draws the shortest straw decides which side
cof the battle they will join for the week. Theotesically, any

umpire tn town can atcend and draw u straw, hut most
refuse to appear at thew "Political Rallies
now what bappers at these meetings, and the remainder
(ear being branded astraitors should the outcome going
their side,

rom time to time, the Malkavinns alsa joits the Final
Reich in ity. protests through town, feeling that no ne
should be left out of the fun that can be hind, As a gen
tule, the clan treats everyone enjually — as if they
slightly seupid and therafore deserving of Mall

Betlin Kindred have leamed not ro
members of this clan lightly, forthe M:

theirown Blood Huntson people who offended them. Both
Gusev aed Wilhelm Lock up a
blight thar must he tolerated in Berlin. If Gustav should win
the political bartle, however, he will do his best to immedt
ately cemove the blight

J. Oswald Hyde-White - Ozzy

‘The man told me he wwe none other than the original
Henry Jeky!l of Robert Louis Stevenson's Dr. Jekyll and Mr
Hyde. Natusally, laughed is hs fsce. He didn't take tewell

Most don't

+ hie Malhsevtem, a

T'm getting ahead of myselfagain, a nasty tendency chit
Jjust can'tshake. I was in London doingu story on the Royal
Family for the Tribune. The story failed to mater se for
me, except as a lead on ane of the many cults swimming
through Britain at the time. This one had « strong differ
‘ence, reportedly being run by a dead man — one Aleister
Crowley.

Well, newer let it be: At | was willing to let a juicy
morsel like thisslip away. I gave my source half of the money
{haat promised for good information, promised the other
half upon venfication, and went to the ratwshackle hottie
where he said I could find this legendary figure.

Looking around the deserted building, I finally realised
someone was watching me. Thar someone was che man
claiming to be Stevenson's chamecer, We talked about
Crowley's alleged cult, and | learned many things the
good Doctor Jekyll. Yes, there really wasa cult; no, he would
not tell me what the cult was called, and yes, Aleister


rowley eruly did run it. The man actually went x0 far as to

Whs
ead in the journal way enough to chill n

journal mentioned several hideous rituals to

1 leather-bound

several pamphlets
ine of Crowley's journal

J in the pamphlets was pure hype; what f

ood, The

worshipped in this world, und ir mentioned several of the

participants. One of thove participants wae Edward Hyde

the legendary counterpart of the man sitting acrows f
in the derelict
Jekyll ple

0 pans the infiormnation along t

himself to do it, for HE might c

me around to st
iuehow, | doubted he was talking about Crowley. As ft
prove me correct, Jekyll changed bef
of seceiids, he

. ok
Jernansted I hand the book and pamphlets back

were real people: In the next minute, | learned thar vam
Pires were real as well. Hyile attacked me, tearing at say
scrugaling body, The feeling was indeserikable —one par

it my life fading away. | knew | would never write my
hulitzer Prize story. Then Jekyll returned. He licked the
woundson my throat and Embraced me, giving just enough

jh. Even ashe attempred te
pimself, the

-me back fromde
explaining that he just hain' b

aged up through my body. Hefore my sire could react

wing his body ofall
and then of his very life force, My fir

ll with a vengeance, di

panicked. | knew just as quickly as i happened thar it
change my life forever I would never be
Kindred here. Someone called

mnothet room, and images of Aleister Crowley

inall hisundeod glory

Tran, forit wast
hoe |

only thing could do, an only calla ug

state. 1 remember nothing of

‘two nights, [only remember waking in Berlin, almost af
week later

Lknow the truth now: I didn't truly kill my sites. They

is hac

hours before
mind. At least they are polite about it, aft

rcing me buck into thedeepe

ways leave me k lingeve what Ih

my absence Jekyll and I carrespand quite

know who he has killed ar

c$ to fee! my suffering

Apparent Age:

Physical: Srength 5, Dexcerity 4, Stamini 4

Meatale P 3, Intelligence 4, Wie

Tatents: 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3,
Doxge 3, Empathy 1, lncimidacion 4, Subterfugs
Skills: Drive 1, Et 4, Firearms 1, Mele
Stealth 3

acy 2, Investigation 5, Linguistics 4, Qxcult 3, Se

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Fortitude 5, Ob
Backgrounds: Contact

Virtues: Conscience 4, Sel Control 2, Counige
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 7
Derangement: Mu
White, Jekyll, Hyde)

tiple personalities ( Ouwald "Ozzy

Image: isa lean man in his mid. with shoul
der-les hatrand sharp, hawkish features. He normally
smiles amiably in uny type of cloth hat
pera cloak and top him over these, and he carmes an

lead center. He is thin and wiry, and can 1
found in any seedy part of t

When Hyde is the dominant personality, (

ate increases his size by a solid 60 pou
Hyde is brutal both in appearance and action. When
Jekyll is the dominant personality, Ozy's Obfuseare
rmakes hitn appeitrs

Roleplaying Hints: Always smile, for you have noth
ing in the world to fear from at

ane. You ire kind and
lend « hand, 10 long

The Kindred 49

thaptoe Four:


ued. Move hevie
always smile when you do
insults should seem like the friendly

istics 9, Medic

Keawerledyes: Buresicracy 3, Lan

4,Obfuscate 3
1

Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

you ancl someone who has

een your friend fo

When Hyde is present, however, your insults are bratal
andeutl
of a wolf

se Humanity: 8

‘You take lack from noone and give
iy. Hyde amiles t00, but it is the smile

Willpower: 5

Derangement: Persia lives in a fantasy wor

Havent A small isn thar he on

sis, {eas Tun by a flrmily

hye has Dominated into @ his existence. Teen : Fr
sich Ober @ the, acbhctl heal) of ‘hoe mage: Persia is staranglyt young lady, Her
Maoists icin speall:of ‘Bact auburn hair i always impeccably styled, the dark color

Malkavian coterie, While he re
over she clan, he does bave

y hax no infh
fate in the primogen of
the west side, Ozzy normally follows the Toreador lead

come

segue BG aril always inv the latest fash
nan it ong: lnring im on ood tra Sen —_
Persia - The Beautiful Statue shecan see. Asoften axnot, she will speak out about any

the characters are discusing, only to ignore
them if they try to speak directly to her.

Roleplaying Hin
you know everything that

I don't remember my sire, { don't remember my life
before | became what 1 am now.

Vouare a very secretiveperson, ult

ae ind all of you

Someday 1 will wake up from this nigh

will disappear, 1 will be happy again. Not that it really

going on in town, You
never smile and you never frown. You speak in a
Sion Ties sme int Charlottenburg

hough other Malkayians look ove

y when she attends the "Political

Natures Child

Demeanor:

Generation: [0th Rallies."

Embrace: 194
Apicen/Agei't Hermann Goring - Whispers in
Physical: Stren ry 3) Stamina 3 the
4, Appe: I
Perception 4, lntelligence 4, Wits 3 suppored to he

Socials Charisma 4 Manipulae
Me

allyam Hermann Goring. Listen, |
aness 4, Dodge 5, Emputhy 3, Streerwise 4 know things, | know that Hitler is
teuth about Project: Werewolf. know that heing.a vampire
destroyed ny life

Noone asked edmeand
drank me and raped me with their blood. There were
of them, laughing and carrying on as if they could possibly
understand what fw aby

Talents:
Skills: Etigu

Before they sucked the life away from me, they carves!

things into my very flesh — obscene things thot draw ¢

meal ce
me. can tell by the way you stare.

eystill want ocarvemorespellsinta
my flesh. Promise me, you must promise:me that you will noe
tell Heinrich [am here He knows it was | who hid the
gic that Adolf stole from the
Kill me. He knows | know wh

ld, Ihe finds
Adolf ts... Imi
Sire: The Malkivian Coterie of Berlin,
Nature: Mascchist

Demeanor:

SC Berlin by Night


7 Pee

Wie

a2,

C

Embrace: 1946

Generatio

Apparent Age: 52

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appe
Mentals Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talentsr Alerenvts 3, Beawl2, Dodg
Leadership 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Melee 3

Intimidation 4,

Knowledge ritcy 3, Finance 2, Law 4, Qucule4,
lites
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Dominate 5, Obfus:

ate 3, Presence 3
(ence 1, SelfCantrol 3, Counige 4

all of the ghosts of a

of the dead from the

Second World War haunt him

Hermann isa fairly tall man with
ing hairline as well as the crow

n thread-bare, soiled, Thitd Reich era
desperately needingreplacement. Phy

Tena

eyes, He dress

nly resemblance ro the histor
Hermann Goring. Few doubt chat he is someone other
thar: who Ie claits to be.

Roleplaying Hi filled with nervous nergy,

certain that they will destroy you if given the chance.
You often try to block the accusing voices from your

Haven: The Devil's Mound.

Infl of lucidity, Herman
at control over the Final Reich, mainly 0

he claims to be

Nosferatu

nuke

Every smile y

ery step you take

The Police, "Every Breath You Take

Berlin's princes hold the Nosferats

wledge that no.
would destroy

the Nosferatu like 1

her European city

nce is rennous at best, however. Ellison
and his brood realize
depends on their continued bali
information. Sh
much of thesr st
thar the ¢

This accept

ison ~ The Truth in the Walls

I was born freak in Weish small town arto th
east of Berlin. Despite having one arm too short und one ley
too long, [had friendsand loved ones wil look my
I knew no lover. Who would want to be

Thatalll changed when Melitta Wallenbergcame tomy

ul to speak with. §
an, tall and Jean and as pal
Often we would speak for hours about the world she

was « lovely we the full

had seen, a world full of magic and beauty.

One night, when the moon was only a sp
sky, she came to my house
littered w

coused me from my sleep. Her
red tears and she demanded to know if
loved her, Naturally, my answer was a most emphatic yes
She asked if wold still
and 1 immediately said yes

With that she
showed me her true face, a face wor
pain, Part of me wanted te
‘ue and warty and the hair on sas vtse is the
shadowy growth of lichen in a cave of ice. But her eyes;
hereyes, were nsfilled with love and sorrow as they everhad

er ifshe were not as beautif

of beaury and

d hee illasion

iefand

ctor, for her skin was

ipter Four: The Kindred 5:


[inking of my own malformed flesh
nme as a left arm, | reached our ant
amy flesh close to my own. We made
a that night, and then we mde love as sire

1nd Get: She told me the truth nbourher, ourexistence,and

id the palsied

man and wor

explained that

was now ne Damned. Better to be
muied with Melitta ar my side than to be assured of
Heaven on my own
The pain of transformation wns excruciating, like

thousand broken bones being ground twyether by sadistic
fiends, Melitta's love was}
leferown a short time lates,

Damned. Even other Kin

iconly thing that saved we. We
id {Learned the truth of being
J scored 1s, certain that we

‘were thousand times more evil than they could ever be:

What a saul an

We traveled fr city. finding adventure and

danger everywhere we went, not finding place we wanted
Berlin, Weaske

athetic joke,

raw if we could

remain, and he would have denied us thishad itor been for
Wilhelm

Wilhelm pulled the prince aside after Gustav had
laughed ia our faces, and whispered lengehily in the hi
| veill never forget that kindness, wh:
feason. During World War I

the hid
sushed:

eloved nin torpor ever since. Se

allawakeny and we will be cogether again. [know this tobe
true. for f she had met Final Deadh, Lwould have no reason

Wallenberg

Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3,

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 7,
Talents: Acting
E

Skills: Dip
Stealth 7, Survival 3
Knowledges: Berlin Knowle

in 5, Streetwise 7, Subrerfuge 4

Etiquette 4, Repair 3, Security 4,

ge 6, Bureaucracy 4, In
jedicine 3

iplines: Animalism 5, Fortitude 2, Obfuse
Potence 5, Presence 5, Protean 3, Thaumaturgy 2
(Movement of the Mind 2, Weather Control |)
Background: Retainers 3, Resoutces 4, Status 5
Humanity: 6
Virtues: Consci
Willpower: 8
Image: Ellison stands well over six feet in height, with
dark blue skin and warts that grow together over all o
his body. His eyes seem to look in two different
nce His leftarm is malformed, looking almost
as if ie were wax melted under a strong flame, His legs
arealso of two separate lengths, giving the illusion that

he ierippled Miceareare ridicule

4, Self-Control 1, Courage 2

several places
Roleplaying Hints: You never speak above » whisp
Constantly making people strain to hear you. You hive
what they want, and you will male them work f
insulted, you will explain the horrid mistake thar the
speaker has just made by ripping fingers off of their
Youalwaysseemcalm, bucfull

8 Figure in th

Influence:
princes real

be has been giving accurate informa
tion to hoel of chem for so long that they have little
reason ta doubt his woed. Should he sa deste, he could
endthewarwith bura well-placed word in the righte
Ellison knows practically everything that g
Berlin, and will cell unyone what they want to know if
they can meet his price

The Nosferatu of Berlin look to Ellison for guidance in
all things; even those who run with the Final Reich.

Rasputin - The Unstoppable Fury
Yes, Lam the one they have called the Mad Monk; 1am
the one who they swore could not die. [ruled all of Russia
in my time, working throwigh those who believed

Ifthe truth must be told, { too was but a pawn to my
1 Yaga, When she decided to sleep Lhad
ven without the bloextshe had given in

make me her ghoul. survived for centurie
her will. | ¢

ruled the country during the last days of

Berlin by Nie


pots tried to kill me
burnedtand drowned

ld War I, before the Czar and his
poisoned, shot, stabbed, trample
1 they never had a chance.
Perhaps they would havesucceuded had itn
the aid of another of my great mother's k
great Baba Yaga had influence.
ordered mesavedandsired. Darelanov and I had known

al ase

Durvlanow. Even in t

ity. The time had eome for me to heave Mothet Ri

ind my great master hein
words uf EM ion an obey — for
snow. Soon great Baba Yaga will all me, and will goto er
with all the inf quires. She has promised me

rewards for nxy pati
Demeanor: Coni
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1917
Apparent Age: 50
Social: Charisma 5, M:
Mental: Percept
Talents: A.

hip 4, Streewwise 2

inulation 5, Appearance 0
1 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

1g 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 1, lat
Skills: Eriquette 1, Firearms 2, Melee 5, Survit
Knowledges: Alchemy 3, Bureaucracy 3, Linguisties 4,
Occult 4, Politics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Dominate 2, Forutude 5,
Obfuscare 3, Potence 5, Presence 3, Thaumaturgy 3,
(Path of Corruption 3, Spisit Thaumaturgy 2)

Background: Contacts 4, Si 4, Mentor 5

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Contsol 1, Courage 5
Humanity: 5
Willpowe
Image: Despite hisNosferst heritage, his bluteskin,
wrinkled, warty flesh, his mouth all of rwisted fares
entire body, there «s something almost magnetical
ippealing about Rasputin. He came
pleasure if it were nobleman's cloak, He

1s seductive and ¢
‘nce longhair

matic, though he still. be

portionsot hi nd hisonce magni
beard, now long strands drooping sctoss his chi

Roleplaying Hints: You are of noble blood, and ea
yourselfas « noble
pliment a lady on her beauty or a gentlemwe on his
beating. The only obviows dislike for Kindre
have comes from the way in which yor trent the nider
Beujab. Afterall, ook at 10 the Mathe

Never hesitate to ¢
hat you
d your eyes

the latest potential object of your legendary hast
Haven: East Berlin

Raspurin holds the power to cum Ellison,
what he doesn't want diseuvered to. wha
ould be announced. Ellison €

Amelia - The Blood Red Tears
‘When I rew up in Russia, God

he feeb

nsiders hima a trusted

se those who would

Rasputin. ce ontly traveled

by night. or that f always

{I fled. | didn't question th
ate alone; theve was 10 re
such insolence, Ie should have been an eas way fren
the revolutionaries and their
way of i

We had trav
eled for several wecks before the Lupines came upein ss
Rasputin was fearsome and he many
but not before they had He wits saddened
braced me just the

possible. He was
reaching me all che
helping me hunt for food

vat as planne

todrive thet aw

waged

¢. Such passion! I hud not thought it
J to me in the weeks thot followed,
was to know about my new life and

In time we grew co be lovers
Thad always felt for him. When we eame to Berl

reviprocared the love
Ellison
ind. Wilhelm, then
ns friends of Eli

» Germany or Berlin. These pe

hhadalready made the way easier for
Thete isno beauty
have never known them motherland

gnificence of
has all

Chapter Four: The Kindred


Generation: 10ch
Embrace: 1918

Apparent Ages 2

Acting 1

bears the scar

hum. Sh

wherever she goe

Physical: Strength 2,
Social: Charisma 3, Manip

rception 3, Intelliges

a8 a joke or out of con

me to look to the fit

Sire: Raspu
Nature: Caregiv
Demeanor: Conformist

Alertness 3,

‘Skil: Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 3, Stealth 4, Survival 1

science 4, Self-Control 4, C

only with inte

inued rege
siveand beat

gone, reph

but all lsee isthe

Wiss2
Brawl 3, Dy

tigation 4, Linguls

ate 2, Potence 4

urage 3

of her devastation at the claws of the
Lupines. Several ofhecbones were shattered during the
artack, and Rasputin did noe hy

sly mend them. Asa result, h

ave the strength to
bones twist aroxld

¢ pain. Rasputin
nd jewelry, whether

Roleplaying Hints: You carry yourself with as mu
dignity as your malformed body p
cursy when introduce

Jian members. However, you are m
W1lite mante depressive. You are 1

tears of blood than

k another if th

fense, but that is all right, Rasputin still watches over

Wu, even if he has changed in recent years. Rasputin

ways exacts revenge for the insults tossed your way

Haven: Anywhere that peuple are not
Influence: Nonesave the ability tocall nn Rasputin foe
defers

Woligang (VOOlv-Gahing) - The
Maddening Laughter
wi do understand, don't you! It's all a sick joke, a

mockery of what life supposed to be and what itwas before
the Embrace. | know Amelia only meant to comfort
wher she rook me, bucshe should have just left me &

Is
dwarf lad jum

pose it never occurred to her that the freak

{ down to the U-bahn's (subw

of a demon from Hel

ern non. [thasonly been
Embraced me, and already | hove
used athy than she ever did, Ellison keeps tryin

rorell me Ishouldn'ttake

140 personally, What a laugh'

Le'sall the fiult of my father's preoccupation with drsgs, I'm
inced of that. Always a new experience, always a new
way to expand his mind's horizons, un ‘ho mind
T know the asylum in which he lays, where they keey
the giggling wreck of a man. I may let

like to have to fight che bullies ever

Berlin by Night


anight when the mood suits me, I'shall teach him what it

like to be the childe of w twisted sire. Time will eel nd 1
1e wold

{ve leamed the U-bahn tracks and tunnels in ways no

them, May the Lord look out forthe

cenly int

huveall the rime

neelschas ever kno
who stumble d itory. I might be
yy keep their city and their

ngry when they come, at 1
thea scream. The others

Embrace: 1990
‘Apparent Age: 57
Physical: Stren
Social: Chiari
Ment
Talents: Alertness 2,

ipulation 2, Appearance 0

Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,

Perception

Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 4, Security 3, Stealth 3,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Investigation 4, Occult 3

Disciplines: Animalisin 1,
Potence 3
View
Path of Power and the Inner Voice: 4

lipower: 6

tude 3, Obfuscaite 3,

allousniess 3, Instincts 3, Moral 4

Image: Wolfgang is «short mia, only « lide over four

inheight,and almostaswide. Hiseyesneverrestin
ne spot for more than a second, and his mouth is
locked in sneer of conter

clothes tre we

pt. He wears the same
bothered to change them. They are starting ofall into
P re long gone. What little hair
chere ison Wolfgang'shead i stark white. The snel off
hhis body és enough to make even other Nosferatu hold
their breath
Roleplaying Hints: You hate everyone, but you will
rolerate others as long as they are courteous or have
money. Tou have no intention of ever bemng picked on
tokill anyone who would dare
me, bur the smile isa warning of
anger, oor an invitation to talk. Always leer at the
women, knowing that you are the best they could hope
for, always sneer at the men, knowing that they are
weaker than you. The
ratwnd the
about the prin

again, and will attr
tay. Yousmile all th

aly exceptions are the eller
miogen nt hinge, You couldn't care
s, for they are both weak

Toreador

Berlin might be the only city where genius ts nov regardedd
‘asa fool
—Clemens Brentano
The Toreatlor of Berlin are divided

towh

hould control ofthe city, though most lear tovent
Wilhelm. A fewTe
where they have
pvinced har the

Jorlive in the eastern half of the ety
ut up with Gustav's strict ule for « long
rime, ¢ sh environment and bin
The Toreador in the west also believe that their env
ronment has ed toa vast increase in their creative abilities
The chart euffers from a minor power struggle of tts own
which, igonically, many of them believe helps theie ability
to create art. For this reason above all others, the Toreador
remain neutral in the battle hetween the princes.
Asoften as not, the members of this

can be found
¢he numerous museums in the city, arguingover the
Jiverseartistic styleschat have grown and changed sincethe
end of World War I

Berlin for the gossip' they
sptead, which normally has nothing to do with the truth,
The Nosferatu of Berlin have long since concluded that the
Toreador, having ne their times of
artistic hlock," have made jossiping their real art

Annatoinette ~ She Who Watches

Ihave
Metro
would he

weador are notorion

thing berrer to

a great fan of cinematic art since [first saw
is when I was s
He was handsome —imake ni

refreshing in hus opinions ahout the cinema,

‘Chay: Pou: Thee Kinahed 55


discussing the nuances of the

id fell par
4 the Thitd Reich was upon us, but ne

inema and of his own seulptures while the w
us Thee

wnetnuly believed ite

ead. Irwas while we discussed the
that he decided I should join him in

immortality. Oh, we had discussed his vampir

cations, secrets from each other. The
-mbrace wus roagical, passionate in ways could
ever hope to understand. I felt that we would Last forever

The Witch-Hunters ele otherwise. One night after my

Embrace, | found my beloved dead against the wall of his

wlio, his burnt remains still smoldering in the early
evening'spale darkness, Oh urs cried that night were
red indeed, but as iehat Heft of the fends who had
taken my sire from me. | did not drink their vite, for lan

‘Ofcourse, | made 9 movie of the entire event: | keep i
ny private video library. Iristhe only film will norwatch,
Sire: Jocque
N rfectionist

Demeanor: Praise-Seeker

Physical: Strengt
Socialt Charisma
Mental: Perception
Talents:

ion 5, Appearance 5
elligence 4, Wits 3
883, Empathy 3, Intima

ion 2, Leadership 3
Skilles Exiqueree 4, Musie 4, Photogmphy 5, Repaic 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 3, Finance 4,
Linguistics 4, Politics 3, Selence 3

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 3, Obfuscate 3, Pres:
ence 4

Background: Allies 4, Fame 2, Resources 5, Retainers 4,
Herd 5; Seamus 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity:

Willpower

Tomnges A eauitihil and Kloet The original
ee Maiden, her hair & golden and lustrous, hee figure
fs perfect, and her smile could stop u truck, She is
charming 1¢ knows of likes or

thinks might be imp
the mostexpensive clothes, d

Roleplaying Hints: You never cause a guest offen
if they were not ini joy the app

lengthstoger it:

reyou, and will go unless

we being particularly annoying. When

it comes to the ques

9 oF who should be the prince
wisly Wilhelm. Afterall, y
been lovers for the last decade

Haven: Be
Influence: Anncoinette is the Toreador elder in Wes
Lin and has a seat on the Primogen. She wields a
great deal of influence over Wilhelm,

Hans Yeoenik (Hahinz Ver-0-
Maestro

Hed th tra in Berlin before the wa
came, Afier che k control of the country, | fled
for my life. was Jewish, both in nationality and in betiet
still an, but no longer devoutly

lin Film Museum (Grossbeerenstrasse)

ik) -

When the wat

nded, I carne buck to what had once

19 to find everything in ruins, My hese
had been my h

The only thing! had left to my name was my fatl violir

The moment was all too beautiful, all too painful. Filled

with sorrow I started to play. For three lang hours | playe
stopping when the c

To my surprise, I had gathered a crowd, and soldiers

citizens, the lost and 1

fe, Unbeknownst

acted the attention of Antoinette

from the beginning, and had listened
tuntl the very end, She almost died, you know. The sun rox
nly minutes after I finished my perfor

The next night she came to visit in thesamean
I had played the night before, ho
immortality. She

espot where I hay

convince me co join her have t
ask, las ying neat the

Thad spent most of

1e day after | was robbed of


seradivarus and left to slowly die from the knife wounds in

amy belly, Anas ried me hike-a chi all the way to

herhaveny and there she gave me her own vitae to drink.
{ wept the beauty of the moment

with me, Two hour later, {iad my stradivatius i

once again, and the blood of the swine wh fuxd

from me filed my boxly. Inever have been good with words,

and so {neve told my sire how much she had done for me

Iostendl posed a hundred works toher glory: none

ofthem can compace to that one Embrace, the one th

Nature: Petfectionts:

Embrace: 1947
Apparent Age: 53
Physical: Strength 2, Dextecity 4, Star

Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Acting 1, Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Ei
riquerte 4, Music 5, Repair 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 3, Linguistics 4,

Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 3, (

Background: Allie

ity 3, Presene
Mentor 3, Resources 3, Retatn:

Virtues: Consci
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 6

4, Self-Control 4, Courage 2

Image: Hans isa thin, sharp featured man in his early
50s with a silvery mane of hair, His brown eyes always
seem tobe slightly sad, even when he issmiling broadly
Roleplaying Hints: Music (s your life, and the only
passion you have. If the discussion revolves around
music, youstre magnetic, Fthe subject invol
wy other subject, with the
exception of Antoinette; you couldn't really
Haven: Penthouse apartment near the Berlin Sy
phony

Influence: Aside from Antoine'
ingforce in how the Toreador Clan
uation. In the world of

1, You
tare interested and if itis
eles.

anes is the
ts toany given
ve kine, be bias a great deal

of {ofluence in Berlin's burgeoning music ind

Thomas De Lutrius (LO0-tree-us)
~ The Painter in Pain

I came to Germany from New York by way of the

ine of the lucky ones, | guess, for

never had to see the violence of the war. | only had to sce

aftermath. [loved the sights I si, and they showed me

darker side of man's work! — the suffering, the anguish,
the evil hidden under a friendly veneer.

When f arrived, the Wall was still years
city bad not yet been divide
was ugainse regulations to do anything
scarie anil Look at the sighes, but 1 bs
things like rules to stop me from dois

mm gure duty b

never 4 silly
Took a small sketch pad wn charcoal with m

whenever had the graveyard shift

I was far too good at hiding my tools. Actually, I should say

that noone human ever caught me. One of the Kindred de

He was hungry, nnd his attack was savage

Vien he was finished with me, he look
work | had been sketching and I heard his
sorrow. The sweet, life-giving blood that flowed past my lips
was $0 powerful it burned. Moments

bly woutd have died in
Gustav, He dragged my weak body sway from the post
gnoring my feeble pleas Two nights later 1 read of my
‘death' ers. App
rourdered and some fiend had
feet. Gust

he newsp

kept me confined for several nig
is own vitee und t
obey, He was my sa

Sires Jobunn

Nature

Embrac
Apparent Age:
Physicals Stre

Social: Chats

Mental: Percepti
Talents: Al

th 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
14, Manipulation 4, App
Intelligence 2, Wits +

ance 4

Chapter Four The Kindied 57


‘Skills: Drive Z,Firesrms 1, Melee 2, Music 2, Painting
Survival 3

Knowledges: But
Disciplin
Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, €

iuteraey 2, Computer 4, Polities 2
\uspex 4, Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Potence

vets 3, Mentor 5, Re
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 6

Image: Thomas looks like the all-American boy he
once was, with light brown hair, blue eyes, and the
physique ofa man just out of rigorousbasic training. He
normally dresses in black, reflecting his belief that ull
Kindred! and kine are inherently evil, an argument he
wall immediately break into whenever possible. No
matter where he is, he always carries sketch pad and

Roleplaying Hints: You ure quict and intense, the
original higiman," Always your opinion be
known, and if someone should disagree, ell her m no
ing. You normally look for
x Took fora good fight; its
‘not that you ate aiid asmuch as that you hate to ditty

peertain way that she is w

Haven: Thomas lives in very nice apartment in whiat
was East Berlin

Influence: Thornas is the numb ¢ of disen
sion among the Toreador. He halds sway with Gustay
in much the same way Annoinette holds sway with
Wilhelin, and would definitely like to see his Reenant

win ont, Thomas

Tremere

Before yo jude

he East Berlin Peimogen.

me ta

can't yo fn something better tod

point the finger, slow to understand

arrogance ana i haa in ad
Metallica, "Holier Than Th

have fa

more influence im Berlin than

nor will ive
e their own gouls, not the least of
demhoardof magical knowledge and
lhe buried somewhere in the city

they have access to information noone else
The T

jeton who they want towin the
battle f of Berlin, char

s et too close. Just what th
¢.one that they will share with.

he subject ifthe
feel should be dane

ancaher ofthois

Maxwell Ldescu (Mahx-Vehi Le-
Desk-YU) - The Magus

boy in Vienna when my
‘other magi intent om ruling the lands now cal

aster joined
od Hungaty
Pools that they were, they artempted toremove the
Id gain toc

from power, unseating them before they «
strong a grip on the lands 1 think char | haw
greater mistake.

Itmay have been Tremere himself who ted the Kindred
force that savaged my master's coveruint. None ofthe magi
survived. All the apprentices, however, were taken

thrall served as Retainer to one of the lesser
the clin. He was not patient, nor was he kind; he simply
seemed so after the master U had previoush
ithull

1 served him and loyally for almose five
centuries before I wi ec with the Embrace. In the
decades that followed, | stad ars of Thacmanargy,
never hesitating when called to work a mission for my
imaatets | live toserve; serve tolive. Berlin ts my reward fo
patience und servitude; here I have been geanced ultimate:
power over the others of my clan who co th
obvious exceptions. If all goes as planned, | shall socneday
rule the fiefdom a8 prince.
Sire: Karl Schreke

Nature? Visionary

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation:
Embrace: 1882
Apparent Age:
Physicals Serengrh 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4
erception 4, Intelligence 6, Wus4

3, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5,

58 Berlin by Night


Skills: Etiqu
Knowledges: Burcaven
Malicine 2, Tremere Knowledge 4
Auspex 3, Dominate 5,
cence 2, Thaumaturgy 6 (Lure of Flan
Mind 5, Spirit Thaumanurgy 3, Weathee Conteol 3)
Rituals: Defense: of Sacred Haven, Deflection of
Wooden Doom, Engaging the Vessel of Tr
od Walk, Eyes of che Past, Shaft of Belated Quies
cnce, Geas, plus-any others the Storytele

Background: Allies 4, Herd 4, Mentor 5,
Resouces 4, Stati 3

te 3, Melee 4, Security 4
y 3, Finance 4, Law 3, Oceule§,
Disciplines:

esites
Reminers
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 3

Willpow
Tage:
isaly average in build
thought
ved and his eyes are h

swell dit, and
es thatshow how
isface. Hishairisdark
fe nortuully wears cassal
J polo shirts. He

nd at ease no matter who he

just under six feet in

ors blue jean
my very relaxed

Roleplaying Hints: You ure oavy going wind friendly

ntl somenne nines around where they don't

for instance, in any of your affairs. When angered,

w cold and

het, leaving those whe have wffended
Haven: Micwell
nd well-defended

West Berlin, Th

2s established carefully concealed
vout both East and

in West Berlin

ances treat Maxwell warily, but

wens thee

FV itself
Influene
ing that it may well
or the other if che
Primogen of West Berlin decides it és time to take

th want to please Him, ki

Maxwell Liescu hus himself rowatch the
Final Reich. Maxwell dis

str upo
kes the very ideu of arate
and has actually been instrumental in
opping several of the Reich's more violene demon

trations from actually breaking the Masquerade.

Heinrich Himmler ~Der Fuehrer

ou know inost of my History if you have ever looked

Into history book. I shall not hore you with all af the
details. Suffice to say that 1 was the right hand of A.
Hier, and the leader of the Gestapo and the Onder of the
Death's Hea

Yes | freely admit chat great number of the atrocities
but the
secrets tn power I had

ammitted during the w
Uneeded to k

and the second:

powerful nacion might be enoagh for some, but never f

¢ will be second to name. The fool wh
thought he had
Tremere; but that was

ade a great acquisition in the name of ti
ler the belief that a Blood Bond
control my destiny but tue

Thave een labeled as ant anarch sine
my travels of the world. W

mere anarch,

Lrottrned from
at 4 foolish concept. 1am ne
scheming to control

with delusions of grandeur; | am a beast, | acn Sabb

you prefer the formal title: Treme

all prox

New York proved fascinating, world of sensory de
Jhtsunkaown to dhe fook of dre Cainatilla,a workd where
tfearand humanity ssimplyanother
word for cattle. The Sabbat hav
their ways and 1 have sku
and I shall start an avalanche of conversions to the Sab
Already my experiments show gr
Fh holds substantial power in the city, power that grove
by the hour. The fool whoclaimsco be Goring runs from me
‘etvified of what I shall do to him and terrified of what Lim
{shall soon teach him what tereor is, and if [should find that
he tnuly is Goring, t may keep him asastave. {shall
back the glory that was once the I hied Keich

Sire: Maxwell Ldescu

progress. T

Generation: 8th

Nature: Plocter

Demeanor: Conformist
Embrace: 19}

Apparent Age: 45

Physicals Saeagih 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social
Menta

grwma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

ception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Chapiet Fout: The Kirke 39


©

Lalentst Acring 5, Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 3, Eriquerte 3, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Manic 1,
Survival 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 3, Finance 2,
Investigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 4,
Qeeult 5, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Presence §
Thaumacurpy 5 (Cift of Morpheus 5, Sumacins of the
Spirit Servitor 4, Movement of the Mind 3, Verdant
wor 3, Luce of Flames 2, Path of Torture 1), Viciss-
tulle
Rituals: Principle Focus of Vitae Infusion, Defense of
Sacred Haven, Cloak of Blood, Rieusl of Darkness,
Ward Versus Lupine, Haunted House, Noncorporeal
Paccage, Powor of the lnviible Flame, Recure of the
Homeland, Summon Guardian Spirit, A Touch of
Nightshade
Background: Allies 1, Herd 1, Resources 3, Mentor 4
Virtues: Callowsness 5, Instincts 3, Morale 4
Path of Death and the Soul:
Willpower: 10
Notes: Himmler's powers and abilities sre among the
most diverse of any oneal, and there are few limits to
what he can do ... but he knows better than to use
thei. Mose of these powers are unique to the Sabbat,
and both princes woul! hunt him down ifthey thought
he had joined this scr.
Images If anyone is hicky —orfoalish — enough rosee
Himmler, be isan unremarkable man ie his mid-40s
‘with ymying hairand light brown eves. His stance and
hiis presence sre al chac will alert people to how
dngerous he ts Himmler almose never smiles: and
when he docs, itis achallene. Being an accomplished
he hay little oF no dificulty in hiding his true
feclings, and if he deems it necessary, be ean be a
charming man, To anyone he doesn't know, he intro
duces himself as Frederick Werther
Roleplaying Hints: Normally quiet, but ifengaged in
conversation your comments are shart and succinct.
‘You defer inall waysto Liescu, pretending tobe paying
pensance for having run away after the Embrace.
Influencer Through Peter Kotlar, Himmler has eon
ol over the Final Reich. He is also the leader of the

at in Berlin. Himmler is completely unbondable,
and even the Vanulderie of the Sabbat hus had noeffect
fon him. Due te: this fact, the symbol that normally

ippeats on the beow of Tremere anuaribi is nor present
of Himmler. No other Tremere have reason to suspect
thar he is of the Sabbse

Berlin by Night

Ventrue

‘And al gave her was everydhing

erow she gave me al shat she was

And now my biter hands

shake beneath the clouds

Of what we oversthing

Pearl Jam, "Black"

‘The Ventrue involve themselves in every political
battle raging in Berlin, fighting amongst themselves over
who woul! uly be che best prince for the ciey. Bach
Ventre i under the secret belief that he could rule best.

‘The clan has come to thrive on the cloak and dagyer
war that rans through the city. Most live an the westem
sik, but have strong memories of Gustay as a powerful
teader who never allowed the rffraff of other, lesser clans
sto Berlin,

Sail, they alo realize thata great deal of the financial
suceess of the city isdue ir no small pare ro Wilhelm more
radical beliefs in moxteenization, The largest problem facing
the clan is what to do about this rift sn the eity's security
Moat believe, wronely, that if the situation is ended they
oui perition for the meetings of the Camarila to be held
in Berlin. This would end the perceived problems wrisiny:
from having the Inner Cirele meet in Venice, the hore of
the Giovanni

The Venirue remaic torn as co who is the righefil
prince, but are growing more desperate to end the conflict
Their greatest fear is that a Justicar mighreome to town andl
calla conclave; what ithe Justicar should open the wore t
the Kindred populace at large rather thar just to the
Primogen! With the scrong nunber of Malkavians in town
the very real threat of an insane prince hangs over all their
heads. Mote likely, the Juscicar would bring in anew prince
who would prove unaccepeable to everyone.

Gustay Breidenstein - The Iron
Fist
My Sire was wise in her ways, swift in punishment and
reward alike, Sil, she failed to see the future of the Ger

‘manic States in the proper light. Anyone with vision could
esa the dhic land should be the venter of civilisation.

Naturally 1 could see that changes had to be made if
Berlin was going to be the future seat of power, Prussia was
small, and by itself weak, bur a unified Germany with Berlin
ts its brain. ah that would be a fine sight indeed, Most
Ventrue, in my experience, havea tendency todiscussevery
single aspect ofa plan until they ean no longer see the forest
for the trees, My sire had that probleny; I did not, So killed
hee

No one could ever prove that I caused her demise
Anyone foolish enough to exclaim about such an atrocity
was, of course, punished severely, 1 always felr that that


preening fool Wilh he truth, If

sgh not tosay anything. M

rials and tribubae

seen many, but | prevatled just the
prince controlled a Domain for as longoe as well a1? think
not. I am stronger of will and harsher in discipline that
most, and this isa necessity

Germany and made the country gr
my ministrations, Berlin became the 6:
untry, just as had always planned.
proved themselves to he weitk, lackiny
ch

ft power for the

cr prin
in th

with the las
ed from 9

adic chaos, Berlin was ruled

I never felt { was t00 hi udgments. Present

you come
inal Dea!
hhment for failing, in
Death. Keep the M
Seldom were any foolis

not Elysiurn; again,
sk was Final

s simple
asqquerade or suifer the
ough co ignore my
alized: a simple Blood

ame perulty

Ws, Minor

d was all dl

upstart, Wilhelm, who caused my reign

end. He felt Las too harsh, that my rules were unkind, So
what if I refused to er the members of other elans live in my
ity! They are chaotic and weak, and should not be allowed
>exist in the frst place. should never have listened ta the

bol when he finally convinced me to allow the other clan

sto my city. He would neve

Je wrested power frow
ne had { continued to ignore hus pleas. Tim
st century. My Berlin has been halved an

hat isover now, for there ts only one city anc

nes have been

sh in the

will be

| buile this city from a hovel in the woods into the
metropolis itis now. Tbuile this city with my planning and
careful manipulation of the kine. In a very real wary, Ha

Berlin
Sire: Ilse f
Nature: F
Demeanor: Architect

Generation: Sth
Embrace: 1220

Apparent Age: 28

Physicals Strength 8, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics , Brot 6,

Skills: Eriquette 4, Firearms 2 Musié 1
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Finance 2, Investigation 2

Law 4, Linguistics 3, Polities 5, Science

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Ce nate 7, Fn
tude 6, Obfuscate 3, Poten 6
Background: Allies 4, Influence 4, Reyources 5, R

Virtuest Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 2

Willpower 9

Notes: Gustav's two ext levels of Dominate allow
hhim to Dominate people with « touch and to Dominite

any diffcultles (especially for Roescheeck

is eyes are hoth the
His british features revea!

closer to 40 than 30. His haie a

thar is vaguely friendly to any buthis closest

cor the people he feels could be useful, Scill, his smile ts
contagious when he deems to tise it, Additionally, the
stains of diablerie no longer mar his aura.

Koleplaying Hints: You never give anything away
about how you really feel. The only time you smile ts

when it would be in yourbest in

best to intim
Youare the best

the world at lang know
Haveo: Berlin P
Influence: East Berlin continy no Kinde

nor completely loyal to Casta nse publick

Kindred Gustav perceived as beiry less than loyal are
him, in exile or desd, Naturally, the

ast Berlin v


at lease publicly, West berlin stell has many

who tecall the lesser chaos of Gustav's reign, and toy

with supporting fim in his personal Jyhad against
Wilhelm. All the Brujah in Berlin support Gustav

Wilhelm Waldburg - The Prussian

1 still do Kindred understand: | love
a father and a friend, I juse don't believe he is fit
ability to rule

think mos

to rule Berlin. He has lost ttectively

say hired me, and itis true thar weonce
But thane day

Itistrue chat
shared a Blood Bond

are long past. Gustav's

ore death and dlestruction in these parts than could be

oferates. You have no kiea how difficult it

for me tr

remove him ftom office — not because he is more powerful

than I, which he iy but because his "abdication" caused him

reat pain and | suffered his loss as my own,

His anger at n
of grief. Its not easy to betray c

for the benefit

yal has caused me endless nights
Thad e
f the city. Berlin has prospered under tuy
ure and in strength
ble as the city it wi

ule, Hhave watched the city grow in st

re five

dein mplishments Land the
y ieht to Berlin. Who wouldn't
‘asurprise tomeasitwastoanyone that
d1've heard manyarum,

h about why it occurred, Personally, I've

e indeed fact, V will leave that msle

to the Bryjah, Whar
Gustav to be the prince om a unified Berlin; he would bring
tus to another World War if he had his way, His ability to
ndaty. and

hold a grudge ts le re snot is there fe all ro

Guscav is a mad man. He claims to have his own

nto office. Ifso, Lhave yet to see

ured from their trip to Russia. This city s mine,
see that it stays that way

Sire: Gis
Nature: Mediator
Demeanoe:

av Breidenstein

Judge
Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1440

Apparent Ages 32
Physical: Strength 5, Dexten
Social: Charisma 7, Manipul

Stamina 6
jon 5, Appearance 3
itelligence 4, Wits 5

ness 4, Empathy 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
adership 5, Subterfuge 5

Mental: Perception §

Skilla: Drive 5, Erquete 5, Fireatts

Koowleskes: Paeaucacy 5, Cornguter3, Finance 5, haves
x01, Law 5, Lingus 6, Polite 3, Science 2

Berlin by Night

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Chimerstry 3, Dome

nate 5, Fortitude 6, Obfuscate2, Porence 3, Presence 6

Protean 3

Background: Allies 6, Influence 5, Resources 5,
4, Status 5

tues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity:

Notes: Wilh
diffuse any host

of Presecice ullaws him t
m may feel. Any

ase around

ne taking aggressiveactions while Wilhelm uses these
powers must apend Willpower sind deal swith hy
difficulties. They also feel an amazin

Image: The perfect Ventrue, Wilhelm has bright blue

eyes in a slightly round face that smiles easily and

le all
handsome tothe eve. He
ud never is a crease out of

se it He is ott

wg iN feature sith

the finest clothing

5: You always smile, You could dis

and you would never lode your

Roleplaying Hi
‘cuss the most atrocious of crimes with
‘out of his sewer hay
arin. As far as you ate concemed, per
don't matter in d

inal feeli

treat everyone as along lost friend and show

ate interest in everything they have tw say. You
est friend. You never insult any
ly, for the world has to many

Haven: Charlottenburg Castle
Influence: Wilhelin maintains at least frienally term:
with ew
ton ro actually step into the s
Nosferntuor wo, With theexception

( he encounters, and has no he
chat with a
East Berlin, bi

‘influence is astonishing. While most of the els


remained neutral in, the Berlin cold wary many will
confide amo hor they suppare Wilhelm te

Nichole - Passion's Kiss

Twas horn in.

athe cooling
orphanage named me after the man who saved

1 Nicholas Socherby of the British Army, I really
very surprising adopt a child

Ue cephanage; the custodians had stared looking at me in
me uncomfortable. I ran away, straight out
Hu inco the hands of Rutgar Loder.

» procuter of
attractive young ladies: a pimp. He ran a respectable bus
ale

ways chat 0

beyond my wildest dreams. He was alse
‘mally kind and esting,

Je tn technique. Rutigar taught me what e

f and how to handle enyself
Froun time to time | had seen Rutyar with several people
J 1 wondered

to whom he showed complete deference,

lout. Hound
him enchanting, speak
with, His name was Withelm, Waldburg, and [ found! out
i he Prince of West Berle.

By the time | was 22, he and I had become occasional
we of Kindred and Retainer. Never
was 1 lof Berlin. 1 would have been

cnttesn a serve b all tine shuuply as a Res
the world seldomallowsustohave satisfaction for very long.
A Malkavian

‘co my apartment.

cas] wasretuming
ig sighicand a beast in his
actions. With no hesitation atall, he tore my theost from me

and gobbled eagerly at my blood. { would have died, had it
not been fora visiting American Kindred,

icked me one

Perfectly calm and cool, J ny dying form from
grind and licked the blood away from my throat. She
;nding crowd of people, made smaller by
gave chase to the Mal and calmly
i all had b i the creationofa movie
merica. Some of the crowd did not believe her, and as
‘She quickly slit her own
hroat.
ousand times more intense than

ared at the sus

Lwas dyin.
if

ced blood into ta

blood given me by the Prince. Take ic from one who
knows, kes simple Retainership seem a
hollow promise. Had | been snyone but the Prince's part

‘es heen more publicand my
slation of the Masquer

ime lover, hua the cireumse

wle, T believe that she and I would certainly have been

Wilhelm understood immediately that what she had
her life. He permitted

jonship. My time ay

done was necessary, and he sp
nly because of our past

a solid bond between «
in Berlin, 1 chat in.
Archon, she would likely have b
hed severely for bringing me w
We still write

had assure and my site

oll
1 the phone, She iy 1
friend, Prince Wilhelm my finest lover, an
has ts from my

and occasionally we talk

Call mea member of the Damricd if you nitst, Et ny
life is wonderful, even after my death,

Sire: Jessica Mor
Nature: Bon Vivac
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 199)
Apparent Age
Physic

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation

itength 2, Dexterity 3, Seamiriy 3

arance 4
2, Wien

Mental: Perception 2, [nce

‘Acting 3, Alermess 2,

Skil 2, Seduction 4
Knowledges: Berlin Knowledge 3, Bureaucracy 3, Fv
nance 2, Law 1, M

Disciplines: Dominave 2, Po
Backgrounds: Mentor 3, Cs
vi

Humanity: 8
Willpower: 6

# Diplom

nce 1, Presence
mnmets 3, Resources 3

tees Canecience 5; Selt-Ce


ayocliemes wy ll i the wery tarest

fashions. Her thick black hair and blue eyes assute her
all the atrention she could ever want. While outgoing
and frieraly, Nichole never forces attention on herself
and w lly igoore crude suggestions from char-
Roleplaying Hints: You love the unlife you live, fre
from the worries of growing old and free from the
worries of ubustve eltents, You would never tell some:
ine that you are 4 eal yl, bue you would take a

serious offer of monetary compensation under condd-

incessantly
eiyoy the

eration. You lave, above all else, to flis

with anyone who fooks like they could

flieeationy yes, even Nosferatu

Hayen: Penthouse upartment in West Berlin

Influence: Minor in Berlin, but being the friend af
Archori has ins advantages. Because of the circum:
ances of her Embrace, she has less influence with
Wilhelm than one might chink

Peter Kleist (Kilst) - The
Protector

Tweashorn in

ithe

Lin, longbe

rethe Great Wars

area from the Hamburg region years before | was been,

and soon jrew to prominence as tailors to the wealthy

Invtime, my family grew rich enough to associate with
xo whom it rely served, Otte fmy Jenrest frien
yeti was growing up was my father's best friend, Gustav

Breidenstein. | remember being bounced on the nun's knee

as. child, and I remember his prewence at my wedding.

Many wee

and sturdy in that day, unlike myself. Iwas
always sick and weak

Thad
smbracest me. He

been among the kine for 25 yenrs when

father. [rook offense at whut a young oldierhadtosay about
may finncee, and I challenged the man to a formal duel
ply becaus should have known be

ively Beujab ay bis atcicudes,

hie wasa soldier

the man sas pos

Jid not hindet
ud spared nc
1s. This corporal in the
Royal Army had no true skill, and | believe hi
have b

always frail, but thy
and my fathe

‘expense in getting me the finest

He tok

en surprised to find himself losing to m

nly, and used a tactic more be

ning a p

in a soldier; he thnew di
While 1 was st

in eny eyes
Reveny

way the grit, he opened my
tome than
-dhis head from his neck

uppalling manners.

My father was
the cruth of Gustac's

of she tew amin

he kine to know

ature. Upon seeing ries dishonored

he dragged my bexly into the back of the farnily
presented me to Gustay, bewging like « pauper,

pate my life

Gustay was in rare form on. tht 1 d eager

cost my father was the hand of

agreed to Embrace me, All
my beloved sister, Willurnina, My f
and ny sister was swon

her did not hesitate
man she had never liked nd

certainly never laved. The day before the wedding, when
she discovered his true nature, she killed herself. Being
Kindred, and by that time Blood Bound to Gustav as were

all of his Ger, 1 was made

| was made to kill my own family before hi
power Gustav hekt
the Blood Bond, was all the prince nee
do his bidding

= Th
i, through the power of his ow

my

T have never forgiven him. The day will cout
Gustav will know my wrath. Should he becorne
Berlin, chen ie will be my pleasure todo the hone
and call him for a formal Bloxxl-Duel. Shou

from Wilhelm

ble thing
he

fail

I shall
ng fo

s© much th

nionally drive the «ester

nin place, | shall hold his ashes in a golden ure
and I shall hide thar um where ét most belongs — in a
chamber pos, with
¢. Wilhelin has preenise
ny Pr

he other refuse. For my pledge of

supp sme thar it wall hes

Trust Willielin be i

usta Beeiclens
Nature: Honest Abe
Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 6th

brave
Apparent Age: 3¢

4

Berlin by Ni


Physical: Strength ©, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Pereeption 4, tntelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Streetwis
Skills: Drive 4, Buiquette 3, Fines 4, Melee 7, Reta
Security 5, Survival $

Knowledges: Beilin Knowledye 4, Bu

Politics 4, Lingguiatiex'5

Backgrounds
4, Re

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Domi
oade 4, Pownce 3,
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 7

vericy3, Law,

G 2, Herd
invers 2, Status 3

3, Mentor 4, Re-

ate 1, Fort

netice 3, Prot

try to trouble the prince or his guests. He

ies a heavy pi se on nnyone

ies a Flare gun for the sam

Flare Gun: Dificulty 8, Damage 2 (Aggravated), Rate 1

Clip 1, Conceal P

how powerful the Camarillo ¢ and how they woo!

ne-day crush the Inquisition and the Chi

Image: Peter is faiely short
a bounce in his step. Hi
brown H

with a pa

cevenge for all that the upstart kine had destroyed
ud eyes ce both

Throughout my mortal life L heed stories of the retri
bution to come; and as was my nature, L asked questions of
the man I knew only 1s Gustav. To hus credit, the Prince of
Berlin answered my questions about Kinudied life truthfully
and enthusiastically

und he alway
meets

Roleplaying Hints: Smile a lit. You'te here to show

town Berlin band what

zac my 21st birthday that | learned the resins

great person Wilhelm i, You never have hw thing to
say about anyone m the west, bur the Kindeed of East
Belin are fur

his honesty with me; he offered me de opportunity tu jo
him in the life of the Kindred, I aeceptes! immediately, My
wo hist for an eternity. had never exper

game. You never tase had li

fcrading ome of the
hot temper and) us u te
deal of time in torpor. When it comes
his safety, you are fanatical

Influence: Peier Kleist is die right Lund of Wilhelan
and, as such, has « great deal of influence. Peter has
neverabused this postion, butthe tempt
there, Peter isthe intempreter and liaison for the Prince
cof West Bertin, as well as his main bodyguard. Peter
makes a point of seeing that all guests to the West are
ranger in town asks a favor of

have a

II never experience them
opin.

in ny side was Wilhelm Walt
seemed to loathe my existence, clair

mockery of what 4 true Ventrue should be,

oxious remarks, but 1 could not

centuries of the same abusive cemnatksy 1

ay vengeance. 1 raw my chance
w of Gustav b reality. Like
da bend with C

J used the bond to my advantage. Ax Gustav roamed the
continent, loo

stay. Unlikethe others,

Katarina Kornfeld (Kaht-ar- {eae nth ty an commit wth yo
Jnghita know whan wishoppening

REEn-alt) - The Sentinel of the East ion Roni hemi orehaen "
During the final dys of the lcd Inquisition, was With the rise ofthe Nest pry, Lused the kine over
bor the bastard child of one of the very priests who so whom I had influence ro assist me in bringing bick the only
desired the end of th dred. My mother was to he one of tmuie Prince of Berlin, Gustav was grateful for my loyuley; be
Gustav'sservantsin that time, and aservant she did indeed premise me the head of Walther, vacant walt

constantly on the move, constantly leaving for other parts
into existence. He

wen boasted of

Chapter Four The Kindred 65


Nature: Plotter
2 Compe
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1507

Demeano

Apparent Age: Early 205
Physical: Strength 5, Dextenty 4, Stamina 7
Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 6
Talems: Acting 4, Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 6,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 3, Etiquette 6, Fite
Melee 4, Musie 3, Riding 4, Seduction 6
Knowledgest Bureaucracy 4, Finance 2, Law 4, Lit

imnalism 2; Celerity: 1, Dominate

Fortitude 6, Obfuscate 3, Presence
Backgrounds:
Retainers 4, Se
Virtue

23,Herd7, Influence 3, Resources 5,
4
Conscience 3, Self-Control 4; Courage 3

Huma

Willpower: 8
Imnage: Kacarina ts » shore brune
underdeveloped body. !
would be if sh

face ble, or
become adept in the use of

osmetics yeats ago, As often as not, she ean be found

jin Palace
Roleplaying Notes: Never has a Kindred existed who

at being friendly to everyone
Younever have anything bad to say about any Kindred
or kine, You also never forgive any lights. You simply

was quite as profie

he proper time to handle the tevenge, even if

Influence: Gustav protectsher,
Katarina ig
hs set abour making

Berlin's old lend

lays much of
res his obvious sexiam, and
erself influential with East
ev und rising business class

The Sabbat

in is iota city atall. cis onky a place where som
many of them inspined, meet, whi do not cate bon
—Heinrich Heine
Otherthan Heinrich Himunler (Tremere) and Wolfgang
(Nosferatu), both of whom masquerade as Cumarilla Kins J
de hee ae presently ax Sabb n Bedic. Thx group
actively looking for recruits.

Beauregard Krueller (Kra-Lerr) ~
Heckler

Jama native German, and lived here untill turned five
was when the mess srarced in Berli jitlerand
the rest of his filth came to power. M
feaving the country would be a good id
fleeing through Europe and
making our way to America. By the
had decided that I would be like Jack Bery
I decided that ! would be acomedian. The only barrier te
plans was the fact thar L was not funny,

ats decides!

Ob, we had a yrand

went toevery night club I could find in the Big Ap
in that would elevate me to a level of mastery that
them all laughing wher 1 went on stage, And
when I knew I was ready, | attempted to keep the audience
laughing. I failed. Noe only ones oF swise, kur for the net
three years on countless stages and with countless audi
ences,

Then I found a

stayed in the darkness L

ry make the audiences laugh
Insults atthe people 9 much funnier than myself: As oft
as not, the crowds laughed with me, not with the
stage. It was extularacing. fe was all had ever hoy

for

Berlin by Night


it was also what oat
Embrace. One night,

my site decide I deserved the Koleplaying Hint
eer devastating the ecowd with my jake. Nothing in

Always remember thie it i all a
his Workd should be taken se

rusly,

wit.after heckling iny way through adosen or more amateur unless of course t's joke. Because jokes are no joking
medians, a beautiful woman approached me. She said she matter
coiald appreciate true art, and that what I could do was just Influence: None

that

nshesudshe wanted metocometbedwithhe,, Frank Litzpar~(Litz-Parr)

Tdid. I'm no fool. We made luve for hours — well, it
certainly seemed that way at least —and! went tosleep in chat

1 mistakes that are unforgvabl
sans some things should be punishable by

herarms, When next Lawoke, twasinadark,confinedarea. ‘That is why 1 killed my sire. Making me ingo what fara now
Atfirst! panicked, afaid tobe where was. Then Twas just was his last
hungry. [pushed fora long time at the darkness, and then Indigo believed there should be peace among the races.

the darkness poured in on me. It took me a while to figure

that there should be no prejudice. I belie
out { wan in a coffin now filled with dirt

believed: the Aryan race

sds! havealweays

perio
When | finally got out of the hele, there was my new subservient or dead.

sweetheart. In her arms were my parents. There were a lot along the Ku'damm, and all was going

of other people around too, but they weren't important. gy i should. We had people joining out forces, foreigners

Well, ro ma
ed on ray parents, a
My sire (I would tell you her name if could remeraber

hort (I know, I know, roo late!)

running in fear and some even trying to fight back. We were
1d got to know all about the Sabbat.

) Paki's h

Then [hit one of the

rd enough to make her fall to the ground, band

explained that my art should never be allowed t ehovugh' to ezack her thiek shall like an ta

with the Sabbar it would never have to The girl 1 killed had a friend named Indigo. Indigo
Ain't life grand? Why am 1 back in Germany? Well, pulled me off the streets and into the sewers hefore

because Heiney — that's Heinrich — asked me to come vee screat
with hi

Indigo thought he was something special. H.

showed me his real face and told me that the sow [had killed
Sire: Mary "The Mad Chainsaw Momma" Blake was his lover. How anyone could love something that ugly
Clan: Malkavinn ansitribu isbeyond me. I told Indigo how I felt, in no uncertain term
Generation: 11th Indigo Embraced: ow ine de extent my way"

Jester Unever told Indigo that Erika Geiger was my Mentor. He

never expected tha

Nature:

realy knew about the Kindred, Erika
me tonlways be prepared for Kin
ih
lefend her. So | just pulled the stake fromm my

Demeanor: Jeste '
Embrace: 1962 ip

said chatiigon

Apparent Age: 30

and ready

Jacketand rammed it through che blue hastard's heart. Then
ulation 2, Appearance 2 | fed

eption 3, Intelligence 4, Wies $

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3

mina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Mat
Montals Per
Talents: Aleress 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 5, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 3,E
Survival 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 3, Finance 2,

Investigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 4,
Occult 5, Politics 3
Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Demen

yette3, Firearms 2, Melee 2,Music 1,

ation 4,

ies 3, Mentor 2
Virtues: Callousness 3, [nstinets 2, Morale 4
Path of Harmony: 4

looking bum — hair oo lo
od pockets tov empty. His uakemmps

clothes tue ratty
long hair is red, his eyes are brown, and his freckles,

scarnd out against his horrifically pale skin, Beauregard

Chuntet Four The Kindted 67


wthen that | was bet

watched. Ihesound
eB

tanding in the sewer and applauding. what ¥ had done

Wolf

do. Henever
He let the Fuel

ruth th

urprised me. Another 0 frenks was

ced me to go with him, and there was no

the
then he said very

id a word until we were bath

do ull the talking. Now I know the

Erika taughtme. [know the lies her sire

¢ Blood Bond, bur | know a wayto

fix that. Soon Erika will be with me

Hook, and she need never know that
think Erika will join me when she knows

great Himmler. She will like the Sabbar

Generation: 10th
Nature: Visionary

a1, Manipulation 1.
ntelligence 2, Wits I

ppeatance 0

Talents
Intimidation 1,
Skillss Drive

Knowledges: Occult 1. Investigation

Dodge 1

Melee 3, Survival 2
Politics 3

nalism 2, Forcitude 1, Obfuscare 3,

Allies 3, Mentor 2

Callousnes 4, Inveinces 5, Morale

Cathars 2
Willpower: 6

Image: Frank Litsbar is leanand well muscled underthe
layers of dark-blue hide. Hehasnever had much by way
of hat inele ts left has
wears the same sort of skinhead-favored
wore when he was ust a retai FinalReich
ul to leave the lange swastika tattoos on both of

Roleplaving Hiness Seow! a lox eofully, and if

Reich's philosophies,

inyone disagrees with che Fir
with him or Kall hie,
Influence:

‘rank is rapidly developing @ following
among the younger Nosferatu nnd amamng the Brajab.
He indeed, andl

nong Dieter Kotlar' favored
+ is secretly awed by Frank's f

Tonio Borrelli

Thate Italy. I wasborn there and | was sired there as well
Venice, ofall places —but I never lik

aid yes. My sire met his final de:
butbeforehedied; he told me the tu

how iewas yoing to change

Lunderstand ju
something t

how isky what we're doting is, br i
be done, The Kindn
ay from the influence of dhe Antediliviat

eof this planet. { will help my Kindred les

Nature: Brave
Demeanor: Confidant
Embraces 1943
Apparent Age! 21
Physical: Strength 3, Dexte nina 4
Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
tues: Callousness 4, In Morale 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dn
Intimidation 3, Leadership |, Subterfuge |, Stroetwise 2

y 3S

inc

Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 3, Survival 1, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Celersty 1, Obfuscate 2, Porence 3, Pre

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Mentor 2
Path of Caine: ¢
Willpower: 6


Image: T
the clothe

> fit im a little toc Nail. Hee wears
ut he wears
us discomfort, His skin is fitly light,

kinhead and an snarch

Roleplaying Hints: Work hard co make everyone

at you are th
The simple fact ts thar they just don't realize the
erorof their ways, They must come t

Influence: None

Bloodfend

‘think che time is right for taking over the eity

ting closer. I wouldn't miss this for the workd
approached me about joining the Sabty
sdat che ehance. Just like wher he Er
fe. So much blood, and all of ic will be mine to shed befe
this ts over

Sire: Heckler

Clan: Malkavian antivibu

Generation: L2ch

Nature: Deviant

Demeanar: Deviant

Embeace: |993

Apparent Age:

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Socials Charicms 2, Manipulatice

3, Appearance
Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Athevics3, Bra
Streetwise 3, Sub

Skills: Drive 1, M
Kaowledges: Invest

Mental: Perception 2
Dodge 1, Inumidatios
vival 4, Scealth 3
10 2, Linguistics 1
Disciplines: Demenation

3, Ment

| Obfuscate 2, Protean 2

Background: Alli

ashes 5, Instincts 4, Morale 2

Virtues: Cull
Path o

Willpower: 9

Power and the Inner Voice: |

Image: Just picture your average homicidal man
with glized eyes and busted straight jacket
od appears to be w really nice guy — until he

disgauntto the point of emaci

all, kill fall! But you

the need to wait. Normally yeushould seem

Ilyana Dmitja - Witch (111-Yana

De-meet-Ju)
Lamy of the Rom, and

il Last year I could not walk

was not accepted. Now Lhave Friends and lean me
without fear of being killed by th

them if they bother

ip. Now Leank
Thad just fed on my master's vitae wliet the
attacked, They we

in ariot of anger and they stabbed me
Jeath. I can only guess thar my mayner

luo was enunugh tu keep nie ulive, My muster is gune now

for he was only passing through Berlin of

ome in the Batkans. | don't know why the S
take ine in after | dag my

and will rur with my pa

way out of the

Sire: Bardo Cermak
Clan: Teimisee
Generation: 10th
Natur:
Demeanor:

Embrace: 1992
Apparent Age: 18

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina

Socials Charts 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mentak: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talen
Skills. Ds ©), Melee, Mie 2
Knowledges: Barca

aw 1, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2

thletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 4

74, Finance 2, Investigation 2

Path of Cain
Willpower:

Chapter Four: The Kindred! 69


business whien the arrck oceuirred. Paris was no Foner sa
for me I had left too much information at my haven,
ation that would have led to my destruction at the

hands 0 his ilk

Almost anything is posible when

Toney. fr was a simple matter to cteate 4 new identit

mortals, and it was even exsier to Ire about a
sice to the Kindred here. [simply said that 1 was

nd the rest waseasy. Noone in Europe car

mAme

much for the we

ey re planning to visit there themselves.
Sire: De Sade

Clan: Ventrve antimibu
nh

Nature: Survivor

Generation:

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

h 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

ive young irl, a

usually dressesin typical middle-class clothing. She hiss

3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

wf 8 for blue jeans und men's button-up i

ership 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 2, Eniquette 5, F

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet and pleasant, Bat you

ais 2, Melee 1, Musie 4

really don't like very euaty

ile. You acknowledge

th ut puck members are skinheads — the 7 :
very ype ofracists tharbrought about your death —but Kpovplesans: Biaresucracy 4 Computes 2, Finance 5
Hull dheis faces off of their skulls Posies 3

Disciplines: Dominate 5, Fortitude 4, Presence 5, Po

Influence: Noe

Charice Fontaigne Backgroundi Allis 3, Mentot 2, Resources 5
Lam from Paris, and the Toreador of Paris are not as Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 4, Morale 5
calms they are here in Berlin. My haven and tay pack w Path of Power and the Inner Voice: §

toyed lax year, | was fortunate to be out of town un Willpower: 9
Image: Charice i

with the rest of the pack, she dresses in

unning redhead, very petite and

jeans. Charice still affects false birthmarks a
ign. of beauty
Roleplaying Hints: You may he Sabbat, but first and

fone keow when dey

cof the people you

Influence: She is slowly gai inger


Others

How
alive

lose are some of the dead ous. How dead are so many

If Biermann, Der Hiugenotzenfriedhof
Berlin has. few oxdities who make themselves la
ime to time. Setites. Assamites, Giovanni. Da
all have appeared in the city. Most aocable
among these unique visitors are the creatures that call
themselves che Brothers Grimm,

of Cacophony

The Reathershave heen see
cast and in the west since the time of the actual deaths of
Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm. No one can say what these
creatures are, and no one can even agree on what they look
like The most common numoe i¢ that they are faerie who
have decided to impersonate the famous torytelle:
cof showing their appreciation for the legends
Grimm Brothers keptalive.

Others claim that the Brothers Grimm ai
watching Berlin and secretly plot inst the Kindeed
Suill othe hat the shupe-changing figures a
ally the ghosrs of the storytellers, observing the Kindred and
writing new tales to be told ar another time

audience

Berlin, horh inthe

it the

mages,

o another

Whatever the case, the Brothers Grimm have heen in

Chapter Four The Kindred 7:



Ine

These few urulerstand just

fight
feat th
deci

ton has,
athin

jeonce and f

Chapter Five: .
Coteries

Behl,
together in wnity

cl
as well. Berlin'

he il

Inner Council will send
all who should rule, possit
of both princes witha newand unknown

al anarchy. Fear of
fered even the most vi
ofcivilized behavior. Bor

tnocirch

inteigue while others pl
od or even manipulate the princes
in Berlin has reached such
fers cannot be
ebattle,ond
battle is bein
of Kindred
Berlin. Or

hand begin to
nny nutaber
mmplex that no
the city can succeed on its own.
many Kind ake

up
Late

ne N
whole truth, an

foratu Ellison comes closest to

on oe
a is only i paw
World War I w

y powerful Ki

duringthe infrequent

suspected the interfere

less time than many kine live
powerful groups in Berlin a

nos to the west side of
all amber of ch

hildren, yer the

New i
fren have tl

adres, This, ay mu
f the (
youth

J the attention
With the folly

allegtanc
laced with
ather shrewd leaders. S
be a few strong

cap
hese "eld
heir clothe

© expetie

erlin
and similar

liances that have formed in

goals for 1


Here Berlin's politics can be understood, ar least to
limited extent. The coteries of Berlin ate presented toallow
the Storyteller to ive behind the masks worn for the eyes of
other Kindred, along with the ways they wish to be per-
ceived by the Kindred at large. In some rare cases, the
purposes seen by the Kinudredat large are the acrual purposes
ofthe coterie. Even then the levels of truth take a great deal
of probing to discover

The East Berlin
Primogen

Members: Ellison, Thomas De Luttius, Heinrich
Himmler, Stefan Rutigar, Edward Hyde, Kararinu Komfela

Meeting Place: Berlin Castle

Perceived Goals Ansisting and overseeing the city for
the benefit of the Camarilla arul the Traditions.

‘True Goal: Ensuring that Gustay artains full power
over Berlin and making certain that the Camurilladoes not
interfere with their business

The East Berlin Primogen
members ho

1 charade, for none of its
any cue power in East Berlin. Most of the
‘members have long since been Bloed Bound to Gustav, and
those who have not, like Ellison and Heintich Hiramler,
pretend to be Blond Bound to him, The only true power in
Eset Betlin is Gust, whirls maintained he perception of

aprimogen simply tosatisfy the Camarillaand to ensure that

os Inner Citcle would havea
is too powerful in his doma
‘ecenic month, Gustav bas even considered siring
another chile to place on the primogen, simply forthe sake
of appearances. Much to his dismay, Katarina dotes too
obviously on his every word. He hasalso considered destroy
ing linus for he (cas that Himmler hastoo much power
within the Primogen. So far, however, he has left Himmler
alive because of his usefulness
Astheonly Brujah lft in Ent Berlin, Stefan hasno feat
of his place on the council. He completely agrees
everything Gustav says, knowing Gustaw will reward him
for his loyalty when east andl west are once again untted.
Thomas De Lutrius is the eldest of the Bast Berlin
dor, a such belleves he speaks for them all. He is
cen, and it ks only 4 matter of time before one of
his own Ger decides to do away with him, if the Toreador of

noone coming to visit from
reason to believe thar Gust:

Berlin by Night

the West do not beat them to it [ts not so much that he
ragrees with Gustav's ideas on how the East should be sun i
‘s much more chat he disagrees with how the West is being
run, and he believes thar he can make astrong difference no
matter who wins the war. Thomas believes he looksout only
for himself, unaware of just how strong hix Blood Bond ro.
(Gustay is, and unaware of the waysin which Gustav uses his
Dominate co influence him.

Heincich Himmler is using his abilities and the power
the holds on the East Berlin Coterie to serve the purposes of
this masters in the Sabbar. He serves the Sabbat with the
same teal he once used to serve Adolf Hitler, and he har
reason to be secretive about his doin. So fr he has spent
‘ost of his free time trying to keep the peace between both,
‘cities; but that too will soon change. Gustav is under the
belief that Himmler ix merely a pawn to his desires, albeit a
sharpone whoean offer suggestions for keeping the Camarila,
‘out of Berlin. Gustav has never realized thar Himmler ts
completely unbondable, and has never been under his
control.

Edward Hyde makes i¢ rule to do the opposite of what
Henry Jekyll does, and ashe is privy toll of Jekyll's secrets,
up to and including Jekyll's being on the Primogen of the
West, Hyde has joined the Primogen of the East. Hye has
‘many secrets, not the least of which is that he wnd Jekyll are
fone and the same. He has also gained the geudging respect
of Gustav forhisvicioussuggestionson combating the West
and for his ability to glean information from the Wen
‘without ever being seen there.

To date, Hyde has not been able co gather all of the
information that Ellison can, bur it is a close race. His
sinitking face cat ofen be seen near Gusta, whispering
secrets and making suggestions on what co do next

Ellison cormally has little to say and simply watches.
To date he has gone along with all of the vores, wisely
listening to the prince and answering his questions with,
some degree of truthfulness. The other members of the
Primogen do not know that he is so strong a source of
information for both princes, and be seldom allows himself
to be seen at the primogen meetings when Hyde is there.

Ellison knows the truth about Hyde, and realizes tha
Jekyll, Hyde and Oswald White are all one and the sume.
Like all Berlin's Nosferatu, Ellison spends a great deal of
time simply listening and collecting information.


x ty i che a 1
4 Pa 5


The West Berlin
Primogen

Members: Maxwell Ldeseu, Henry Jekyll, Antoinette
Dicter Koclar, Ellison, and Nichole

Meeting Place: intemationul Congress Center

Perceived Goal: To protect the Traditions and to
maintain onder and peace i all Berlin

Real Goal: To establish solid seatsof poweron both the
astern and western parts of Berlin,

The West Berlin Pritnagen has one primary goal above
all others: The utter destruction of Gustiy's continued
influence in Berlin. For the most patt, the Primogen sces
Gustav av a serious threat to the continued existence of
Berlin asa city free from heavy Camantla influence. The
‘West Berlin Primogen alvosees Willelanas the only person,
steady enough to rule Berlin

Naturally, there are exceptions to this tule. The first of
these is mont decidedly Dieter. Dieter sees the simple fact
thar Wilhelm has allowed foreigners into the city as bad
enough. but that heallowsforeign Kindred
‘even cto the Primogen isan absolute atrocity

Diver hts made no seeret of his hatred for the West's
Malkavian eller, Henry Jekyll. He finds the man weak and
eles simpering constantly about the need for a peaceful
resolution to all of the problems between the East and the
West, Dietor's worship of Himmler in the East has notaxkled
tolis popularity ithe West,andasoften asnoche will yore
ngainst any treme that would diverly hatm Gustay oF
Hiren

tnthecityand

the opposite side of the spectrum, finds
vulgar and generally offensive. Nichole tolerates his
pretence in the primogen only because the prince and het
sire asked her 9 watch him carefully, She suspects he was
behind several of riots chat beoke out in Berlin recently, but
has no proof — yet, The hope remains that he will reveal
bhunself: Until thar time, she watches and waits and votes i
nccordance with Wilhelm's wishes.
Henry Jekyll hae no idea thar Edward Hyde iv on the

‘eastern primogen, He remains blisfully ignorant har every
a be maker  hrlang accorded! (or the Bast to hear about

tet. Henry believes that his vore is of great importance,
he dissolution of the battle lines

While his vore doesearry power, itis nota strong as he
to believe. There are many meetings of the

aud that 1s

justas Wilhelm would like tose it remain. Like many ofthe
West Berlin Primogen, Wilhelm bas read the book by
Robert Louis Stevenson and knows of the Malkavian's
derangement, Se fi, Jekyll and Hyde have proven to be

useful pawrs in the quiet war of misinformation to the East.

Berlin by Night

Anntoinette believes thatthe Went Berlin Prince isthe
only proper leader in the ity and makes her point os loudly
‘and as often us possible, Antoinette desperately wants to
see Gustav removed from his seat of power and is secretly
"ying to convince individual members of the primogen to
help her bring in outsider help to rexolve the problem. tn
truth, theunyument against Gustav again stems froin artistic
liéeronces wiels Thoraas De Lucsius, whe hae sated mee
than once chat he does not consider film to be a true foren
ofan

For Antoinette, the Primiogen is simply a way of
removing a Hight from the face of the ents. IF Gxouay
should happen toe destroyed would be
no great loss, Wilhelm longago won her loyalty by asisiny
in the building of West Betlin's Cinematic Museum,

Maxwell Lalecu  domg his very best to avorl the
necessity of having the Camarilla send a Justiear to hance
the problems in Berlin, primarily because he knw his own
sire bus Keen pushing for thar solution.

Karl Schtekt and Gustav Breidenstein have a long and
bloody history in Berlin, snd Maxwell knows that the
history will only grow Mloodier should Sehreke come t0
Berlin inanolticial eapaciry. With the power ofthe CamanHla
behind him, Schrekt would be certain to decimate Gustav
sind likely leave Wilhelm in control of Berlin. Unlike most
of the West's Primogen, Ldescu. believes thar Wilhelm
‘would not be able to control the rising numbers of Kindred,

Lidescu his stopped several riotous demonstrations from
lgrowing out of hund and breaking the Masquerade. Ie is
Liescu who has seen the ways in which the Final Reich has
‘anipulited the Prince of the West into slowly surrender.

moreand more power ta the younger Kindred, allowing
them to act in ways that are simply nor acceptable tn other
European citi

Ldescu's greanest feat ts that the youths, the of
Berlin, will finally become a solid power. Nobody else can
truly sce ashe sees, for most of the West Berlin primogen
have notbeen aroundlongenouh tounderstanl the fear of
the Inquistion'sftes

Lescu works overtimetottyand stop theanarchs' slow
scent to pawer, putting out the fires of youthful outrage
swith brute force. He appears to nor realize that his number
‘one confidant. Dieter Kotlar. sone ef the maine
troubles,

Ellison handleshisdlutieson the West Berlin Primogen
with asmall amoune more passion than when he ie at 0
inceting of the East Berlin Primogen. He tell what he
knows with aprearer degree of accuracy. He believesthat he
follows his own feelings in being mote honest with the
Primogen of the West than he is with the Primogen of the
Fact. neverrealring that heieheing manipulated by hicsty
Melita, who ies hidden aovay an

Ellison does not know that hissite iscapable of
inher torporie state, or that she, in tum, is being controlled
by Baba Yaya, who wishes to sce all Besin's leaders de

the process, thi

nesehin


WEST BERLIN PRIMOGEN

i? =

z "te


stroyed once aid forall, While Ellison convinces himself
that he fs neutral in the ongoing Jyhad, he has been doing,
all he can to extend the hostilities while crauring that
Witholt wins in the end. So commands his site, and 30,
‘commands Baba Yaga.

The True
Primogen

Members: Ellison, Rasputin, Oswald Hyde-White
Perceived Goal: None: no one kntows about them,
Actual Goal: Maintaining the balance of power in

Berlin and gaining agreat deal of profit and influence inthe

process. Continainy to build 9 lationship with

the other clans, thus assuring that when the Jyhad has
ended, they will still be accepted in the city.

(fall che Kindred in Berlin, these three have the most
‘olose fromany sudden changes in the power structure. The
Molkavions and Nosferatu elders have joined together to
maintain Betlin's present power structure. Ifthe situation
changed too drastically both of theirclans would be looked
upon as being fess important and mors expendable,

None of the three opposes change, so long as that
chuunge goes necording to their own plans, Theit final goal

istovee Wilhelm in power and so dependent on them that
Ihe simply pane to maneuver when neve

Bertin ts one of only a very few cities in Europe where
a Nosferatu can walk the streets (disguised, of course)
without fear ofbeing accosted, Allofthe Kindred realize just

how import the Nosfera
renult
(njured

Ory believes the Nosferatu have a solid poine about
how a sudden power shift could cause trouble, and so he
‘works with Ellison and Rasputin, eying his best to make
certain that ifthere isawitiner, it will be Wilhelm. In Ozy's
‘mind, there is no doube that Gustav would kill all of the
Mallkavians in onder to assse the strict levels of obedience

he demands.

As the eyes and ears of the eity, this group carefully
selects which informuition should be leaked and to whotn.
Ihe tides of popular opinion are slowly turning towards
Wilhelm, just ns they have planned, Perhaps the greatest
secret the thtee share is Wolf

The mad Diabolist of Berlin is free to do as he pleases
inthe city, free from persecution for as long ws he assists in
the disposal of anyone the trio feel i too dangerous. They
have considered using him against Gustav, but they believe
East Berlin's Prince ts t00 formidable for Wollgane to take.
even by surprise.

re to the princes and, as a
how angry the princes would become if one was

The Final Reich

Members: Himmler, Dieter Kotlar, Erika Geiger,
‘Wolfgang, Edward Hyde, Persia, Herman Goring

Perceived Goal: To betver the standards of living forall
Kindred and to assure equality for all Generations of Kin-
dred.

Actual Goal: To increase the influence ofthe Sabbat
in Berlin, and from there the rest of Europe. To increase the
levelofchaos in Berlin until iisnecessary for the Camarilla
toremove the central figuresof power, allowing Himmler to
grin power or become prince. To spread a wave of repression
through all of Europe.

‘The Final Reich. also known as the Fourth Reich, isthe
only acknowledged source of anarch interference in Berlin,
‘but is far from being the only tue source of trouble, To the
majority of Kindred in Berlin, it ts simply a group of
annoying Malkavians; harmless, but annoying. The truth of
the matter is that the Final Reich belongs to Himmler.
Himmler uses the Reich to slowly expand his and the
‘Sabbat's influence in Berlin and in Europe as a whole.

Himmler finds the Final Reich a useful tol, but not a
necessary one: Plaus aie the works which will allow a of
Himaler's schemes to each fruition

‘The Final Reich has claimed responsibility for several
recent terrorist activities that have occurced in Berlin since
the Berlin Wall wastorn down. In truth, the Keich hasdane
litle to actually cause damage, hut the claims make them
uppear stronger than they realy are.

One claim that is true is that the Final Reich has aided
the resurgence of Nazi activity in Berlin, fueling the fires of
racism wherever possible. The secret leaders of the Final
Reich agree that the spread of foreigners into Berlin must be
stopped, and that the Aryan dream must be allowed to
flourish.

‘The one true leader of the Final Reich is Heinrich
Himinler, bit not even Himmler knows all that there sto
know about the Reich. Himmler only wantsa tool to ensure
his ascension to the seat of Archbishop for all of Berlin.
Dieter wishes to see the utter destruction of West Berlin's
faith in Wilhelen, and to ensure that the Brujah-influenced
Gustav attains final power as the sole Prince of Berlin.
Himmler sees Kotlar as u tool to be manipulated, not
realizing thar Kotlar looks at him in much the same way.

Kotlar has used the rumor that Himmler is alive and
immortal more chan once to gain assistance in the rioting.
Heplansrosee the Brujah again become a power in the city.
Like many Brujab, Korlar feels that the great experiment of
‘communism needs only more time for all rosee that it works.
Kotlar feels that communism and national socialism ean be
used together, ax tools manipalaeed co clean the filth of
infilrating foreigners from Germany once and forall



The
Hunting Party

Walla eal ares

the younger
joned in the Kindred
the characters themselves,

To Diablerize Berlin's elders for per

True Goal: To Dial
profi

Berlin'

ders for fur anid
Berlin and to
marilla's influence in Germany,

ps the scariest part of the Final Reich ars
unger Malkaviansand
atu the pleasure of Diablerie. The Hunting £

ly gathers to run throug

Kindred in couples, and attack en masse, The
ame ire ple
and start suckin
Wolfgang has
Nosferatu my

karti

tackle the victim, grab
Whoever f

Berlin by Night


reatest sins known to Kuncited just for fun:
iis fun is enough for mast members. That Wolf
of the other younger members have been ¢

Party is Sabbat. Only Himmler and the central
wow this to he true, and they plan
2 late forthe vest of Berlin to do anything

Chapter Five: Cotetic

The Sabbat

inrich Himmler, Wolfgany

Perceived Goal: None. In ¢

stant squabbling, the elders of bod

have manage

their separate
Actual G

process

ad West
ignore the gradual influx of Saba into

To bring all Berlin under the control of

‘own squabbles thae the
yet t
area in the city. Eigh
we thay are cmarr encuigh to ve
soon to do sinything about the heavy Cut
Berlin. They

younger membe

watchie

matol of
Ing Power, converting: the
in Berlin and carefully

rnler's influence, ate care

the destruction of foes. Ni

Malkavians chey walk among ave
come to reall hey are Sabbat, The Beast may be
tunfeashed in the Sabbar, but that has not taken away it
membersnced tosurvive among the Camilla'sovenweened

any of the Kindred in Berlin are young; so many
aly more powerful than they could hope to be in
most other cities, thue the sear!

ential members i

very thy Afier hav

Joining, the S:

watch that individieal very
carefully, waiting to see what thar vampire wi

th
member ts remo
present, almost e
cate Discipline
destroying anoth
make one suspic

To date, fox pote

after walking away from che initial appre
fone takes the death of
knows that the city can'
Kindred


SABBAT


The Sleepers

Member ain, (Sixth-t lon Toread
abella Corelli (Sixt ‘tion Brnjah ), Melitea (Fifth
Generation Nosferuny), Erik Eigermann (Fourth-Ger

Perceived Goals None
Actual Goals: To tule Berlin sind theirseparite ¢lans
from roepor until the time come to awake.
World War Il devastated Berlin, leaving fi
ay buried under rubble. Ie destroy tiany
Kindred, but a sttall handful survived,
under buildings that have

These few Kindred do their best t
ithless sleep that holds them. In
ugh a small amonnt of control
hunt is dhe only one of the Sleepers who Beelin's
el fee! still exists. Joluani ran from his hast Get
arsh and crude Embrace, anal buried himself dee in
fresh ruins of East Berlin. He fele ienecessary torente
after the rampant destruction in the city above. Johann hae
the least influence over Thornas De Luerius. His influence
would perhaps be grearer if De Lutriis had not heen Bourd
Gustav amon ass
Wabella Correll once over Dister Kotlar,
enough to remind him of his heritage when he is being
ved by Himmler. So far i has been enouigh to keep him
from joining the Sabbat
and Erik Eigetmana. These two have long since
joined forces, and even in torpor ate having enough of an

luence tv keep the tide of popular opinion strongly

kk Wilhelm in battle between the princes. Erik's
uence ts partially responsible for the Ventrue domina:
nf Berlin, and Melitra's influence the Nosferatu
4y acknowled itisthe

»Vthese rwo in support of Wilhelm thar has

1 destroying him. In theit own ways

yerging of two sepanit

o, while Melitta's motivation is that iris what Baba
demanded of her. Both have fele the sturnngs that

their toxpors will soon end. Bach are patiently


The Watchers

Members: Maxwell Ldeseu, Nichole

Perceived Goals: To keep the Camarilla away from

1a any and ol costs.

Actual Goals: To let their sires know shar aceuns in
the city and to influence other Kindred towards a peaceful
end toall conflictsbefore they must callon theirszestoend
the conflict.

Moxwell Llescu isthe Ger of Karl Schrekt: Nichole is
the Ger of Jeni
Justicar of the Cat

m between these Ger and

cir sires is frequet Hirekt hasan eyecon Berlin

ar all times,

Karl Schrekt also his i very old scare to settle with
Gwstiy Breidenstein. Schrekt still remembers dhe long trip
on foot from Berlin to Vienna shrouded from the sun and
camied on the shoulders of Gustay's Rerainers, the note of
apology tied to the stake thar plereed his hearr: Kart Schreket
is lookinj fora goon exctse to come to Bedlin and setee that
oll score, one un for al

The rath ofthe Justicarsisone ofthe mast feared fies
of any city in the Camano, second only to the fear of the
Sabbar. [tis a certainty that many Kindred will die if the
Camarillaisforeed to intervene. Even Gustavnd Williclm,
princes certain of their power, are not immune ro this fear.

Maxwell Ldescu and Nichole are the only Kindred in
Berlin who know just how terrible Camarilla intervention

could be. Mest know thar it would bebad, but only these two.
know how bad. threkt's intervention in Berlin would

be even worse. Kuel i simply waittog for signal fre hi
Get,asignal that comescloser to becomingreal every ni

The Preserve

Members: Daryl Lu
Grunewald Sept
Perceived Goals: Live in peace and protect the Lupine
population of Grune
Real Goals: Protect the Grunewald district from the
Wyrm at all costs.
The Preserve is group dedicated to the destruct
the Wyttn and lead by the Gangrel the Gee of Fes
Feral — Darryl Lutz. The Garou acknowledge that F
a vampire, and potentially of the Wyrm, but his strong

The Ger of Fenris in the

familial tiesand his dedication to the Sepehave proven him
10 be an able associate and even i friend, Several of the
elders ate willingly Blood Bound to Lue
‘The Sepe of Grunewald suffered many paints during
World War IL. As with much of Berlin, the Allied bornbs
ith nopeejudice, Lut.
already dedicated to the protection of Gan, made arrange
ence with hiskine connectionsiy protect Grunewald re
the expansions that soon swept many of the smaller towns:
around Berlin into the growing metropolis
Lutz warned the mich weakened Kindred in the aren to
Jeave, and any who failed to do so were destroyed. Thett he
surnmoned the Sepr of Grmewnld and told them that they
woul be sufe for as Long as they did not freak the sacred
Masquerade. To the other Kindred of Berlin, a similar
promise Wasmade—stay outif Grunewald, and boKindted
would be hurt. Te date, this sreangement has worked. The
Gatou stay tn their place, and the Kindred stay away from
Grunewald
Most of Berlin's Kindred iio longer even think about
the Preserve. Like the Berlin Wall that has only recently
been torn down, the Kindred know thar crossing the borer
toto Grunewald is not worth the peice to he paid
It is mimored that there are more than 20 Garou in
Grunewald, but no Kindred except for Lutz knows for
certain. What is fairly common knowledge ts that Luts dos
Indeed mike the eldersof the Sept into his Retaiers,g
them continued lifeand worth tu the Sept even is he fee
from thesn. The Garoy of Grunewald ate protected by apac
with the Kindred of both Eastand West Berlin; the pact has
tintes, but the fear of a truly epic
wleft dhe borders unmarred
Many Kindred froven upon
elfandd ea
that the Ganurel elder is insane. So tmuch ares far only one
Kindred in a city considered grossly overpopulated is an
outrage: Strict onders fram both of the peinces, wath the
promise of Final Death toany who break this aw, areal that
hhave held back the eves andl fang of the curious,
That, and the howlsthat ean be heard on certain nights
— howls thar surely no one Kindted could create, Curious
licks will occasionally ask a sire, "What
Sangral gain from deinbing | ‘What powers
could a Lupine gain from drinking « Gangrel's vite The
wiser sites let the involuntary shiver that runs actos theit
spies be answer encnh.

(Chapter Five: Coneries


The Malkavians

Members: J. Oswald Hyde-White, Hermann Goring,

Persia, Heckler and the rest of the Malka
Perceived Goal: Have a good time
Actual Gealt Prove to all of the other clans that they

ate effectively useless, provide a safe city for Malkavians,
and have a good time in the process

jans in cown,

Berlin's Malkayians want what Malkavians every-
where want: a safe harbor from the biases ofthe otherclans.
‘What better city than Berlin,
have gained prestige? Leaming ftom that mose hideous of
clans, the Malkavians have set up an informarion necwotk.

Asthe unofficial elderof the Malkavians; Hyde-White

had the sense

ere even the Nosferatu

organize the information network in
accordance to rules set by Ellison. All information is taken,
‘oElison, and in recur, Ellison pullsa few favors from both
of the princes and requests leniency on behalf of the
Mallavians.

Leniency is most definitely » boon the Malkavians
need, When the Malkavians fint sturted showing them-
selves in Berlin, Oswald Hyde-White decided that the best
straws. The loser of the draw would then rule for one week.
thas since become true tradition among the Malkavians,
and not even Hyde-White could hope to control the unruly

cotctie was co draw

Whae was cflectively 0

Joke from Hyde-White, are now ruled by the whims of
Whichever member becomes elder of the week

Weekly the straws are drawn, and weekly the favor of

the Malka wwother divection. Some favor

Gustae, some Wilhelm, and still others favor the Final

Reich as the way to go. Even Clwald has to follow the one
the Malkavians run under, and even Oswald will
elder of the week.

Itis not unheard of for the ranks of the Final Reich to
bbe doubled for a week, and then co be halved again as the
‘new Malkavian elder calls Blood Hunt on active members
of the Reich, There is no mystery as to. why the princes
themyelves are leery of attacking the Malkavian clan: to
assault chem would be to break a promise to Ellis, and 09

Ellison would mean thespilling a far oo many secrets

neither Prince is absolutely cereain thar Ellison,

has the eat of the other Prince, neither is willing to take 50
lange risk

falls i

86 Berlin by Night

The Straitjacket
Dancing Club of
West Berlin

Members: Changes frequently, See below.

Perceived Goal: Pranking

Actual Goals: Pranking und sometimes something

"The Straitjacket Dancing Club shows up infrequently
and that is just.as well. While a good portion of the time this
mysterious group appears in Groppiuastac, they have been
naw toappear in other arcascf towns well, ara nocmally
with violene tacent.

In truth, the Dancing Chub isnot even atmie coterie; t
1s actually « practical joke chut has gone horribly wrong
Ony created the Dancing Club on one of the rire occasions
where he won the weekly lorery. During that week, the
Malkavians seemed to be particularly morose, and Oxsy
decided chat a little levity was needed. He gathered the
ndendeved us members ro te-dye 2 set
cof berated staight jackers. Then he ordered them to paint
their faces to look like mimes. Then the entire clan rushed
to Gropplusstadt to party the night away in various clubs,

Heckler led i. Noone could tell who was whom from
right to night, because they all di their faces differently
tnd they all acted differently as well, Heckler liked it
‘much that he suggested the idea of using the Dancing Club
co both the Hunting Party and the Sabb, The Hunting
party hasused the disguise only infeequently, but the Sabbst
have made use of the disguise often —often enough that the
entire western half of the city, both Kindred and kine, have
carted to worry nbout the Dancing Club andi ity ofteds
violent ways.

This knowledge has not stopped several of the
Malkavians from making the suggestion again on the occa:
sions when they have won che weekly lottery, and the others
are obligated to follow along. Rumors have been spreading
of the Dancing Club being in Groppiusstadt and on the
Ku'damm at the same time, with the former group dance
the tight aay and the later group bashing in skulls. Not
even the Nosferatu are certain of just how many Kindred
belong to the Seraight Jacket Dancing Club, bur the latest
count is somewhere between five and 30.

entice clan togeth



The Nosferatu

Members: isputin, Amelia, Wolfgang and
the rest of the in

Perceived Goals: Gain protection from persecution by

aformation to all the

maintain the bal
continued privile

Members: A\
Lutrios, ec al.

Perceived Goal: Preserve and expand the arts in Ber
lin,

Actual Gi stve and expand the ares in Berlin,


NOSTER ND S.


ang ithe

m The

The Caravan

Mem

Berlin by Night


Other Influences
The Camarilla

The Camarilta has reason to worry about whit is going,
inthe capital of Germany, Linlike most of the elders" of
the ebders of the Camantls recall all roo vividly the
tortures and fear that once held the Kindred at bay. The
Masquerade in da J fear of
exposure is great

This & not Amutica, which romumbers vampires only
ws monsters in movies and novels; this ie Europe, hone to
the Vatican and all the terrors associated with the Inq
tion both past and present. No one can afford the price of

7 No‘one

So, the Camarila has started taking steps to ensure an

end to Berlin's troubles. Notes have been sent to both

peaceful resolution tothe continuing

The tolerance forauch childishnesssrapilly drawing

roan end, and agents ate already in place, Tevsted tetainess

snd even Karl Schrekt's watchers ate sn place and reporting
every indiscretion, no matter how slight.

Karl Schreke has been preparing a strike guinst ang
troublemaker. Noone, elder or anarch, will be safe from the
(Camazlla's wrath. Some childer do noe realize how serious
the threat of intervention is but they will. All who break
the laws of he Camaria will know as weuth, There wil be
no escape.

er of becoming useless

Other Cities

Of course, Beclun's Kindred are oe the only ones with
1 vested interest in what h sty, For instance,
aris' Toreador remember all too well Gustav's maniacal
hatred, and grimace every time they remember the horrors
petpettated when his ackbooted N:
Francois Villon and his allies have bee ly
active in pushing for Cama
they do s0 quietly. As long as they can make everyone
believe Schrekcand the Treinere are responsible, they will
be free from vengeance — and they remember Gustav's
vengeance
‘The rulers of Hamburg, on th
Berlin stay split, They gained » great deal of power when
West Germany's government moved to their ity: now they
say lose it. As lors Berlin tex
they will sll in their control over the kine.
Finally, Bobo Yaya has begun
led eye in Berlin's
he plucking

pens to the

i fackeys ruled thecity

ing a yrovesque,
ection. Les auch a tusty

exist in a vacuum, Almest every ity in
Europe has.astake in the outcome here, and the intrigue
the eity is only pars
chaotic, Kindred from actos Europe and the world wall
bey to make their weight fle:

ofthe whole. As thitye become mote

Chapter Five: Coterios



Book Two:
The Ascension of

Then Caine we

Genesis 4:16

Ascension of Caine" isa ytory designed totrike destruction. On the opposite side of the
for and confusion into the Kindred of your chronicte ad to an entirely different lites
The story is both a political thriller and a murder mystery m a chronicle

story buile with the solid fears of Gehenna buried in its
Sots. t forces players intoconfrontation with the Camarila,
he Sabbat and very possibly with Caine himself, as'the The Ascension of Cain
Third Moreal appears in Berlin, inte: chering all ¢

ete ae any number of

nude, including having the characte
ferlin's Kindred realize the Camarilla watches thei members of the Sablsot pack in Ber

city closely, and the las thing any of them want, egies

their political belief, is for the Justicars and Archon Th

grees with, or even ifthey are members ofthe Final Reie

thete should be no doube that the Camarilla isthe worst

possible alternative

The themes of "The Ascension
causes, effects and the exploit

world was upon you, would y
ie source material in Berlin by Night is very petti bole:

pent toh ind Storytellers should read it thoroughly
fore att to nun "The Ascension of Ca

face to face with Goxl, and He
Kindred
ine, Caine, The st

now che Lord punished hr

took details many ofthe characters itaportant ti
along with mare Kindred who may be

hharacters. The Storyteller should rea elegy

sion of Caine" completely before play Bede ea ktie onk ine

Seory will Tikely unfold in wnys thar ones de

Byall means, et the players mun the yauntletinanyway YS Mu

has several pitfalls bante int


appearing to wal his descendants. le th
rth 19 these fanciful tales? If the stories are true, what
would Caine think numbers ofhis kid that riow
walk the Earth ! How would the Thied Mortal respond to the

Jyhad that has raged itv his absence:

Throughout ry, the players should be left to
wonder whether ot not the figure claisuing to be Calves
The players should be testified, fo Mf Caine ti
nnut hus arrived. fn the furor ear builds, in
at arise between those that allow
we who deny Catine's existence, a group of
Ts strong enough ta survive if Gehenna

‘not. Nonetheless, they must try

She must keep yon edge i

Fy theits 1 better ng ot

¢ Sublt has group of Kindred that
anntical ubout Caine and the history of the Kindred.

‘dists will come to Berlin in droves, ready tomiget
arn from Caine, or ready to prove him false [n cithes
the Sabbar influence én Belin will rise substantially
Even if the vampire claiming to be Caine ts not the

Thitel Mortal, he issurely up tomo good. He claims that the
grill is false and dernands that ull Kinalied follow hint
snunknown factor which must be destroyed, and the
atl will certainly find the city that harbors such

reat dangerous as well
So whit can the troupe da? They can find out who this
ced Caine ts, and expose him, Or they can follow bin
agod to the Kindred; if Jesus Christ came down
of town and claimed he would lead us all, how

(a you reace! Would thar reaction be changed if he had

wer to back up his claim? How would government

rytellers might try the Hitchcock method, Give the
enough of a descripcion to let their minds settle
Jetailson their own. Beforeull issaidand done, the
buld be wondering who in town they ean trust,

0 far as to wonder if they can trust their own


Volitical intrigue can often lead to back-stabbing, and
this particular story isfarftom being exception, With the
proper promises fromm various parties and the careful mna-
nipulation of the characters, the entire troupe could easily
be ready to tear out one another's throats,

‘The Storyteller could decide how to handle the situa-
tion, butthe decisionsarealsothe player' Letthe characters
fight ifs called for, bt toad co the confusion in the right
teat, fee free to add outside characters rocalm things down
— tor a time. Again, with proper manipulation, you can
decide when and where the characters fight, as well as who
they fight, be it an interloper ar each other.

If the Storyteller opes to play Berlin asa different city
away from where the troupe normally runs, she aay fin the
suggestions below all that is needed to being the characters
to Berlin

Setting the Scene

Muricand lighting ean go far co add spice to the story
Harsh, stark white lights.can putthe players slightlyonedge.
This is especially ue if player ts meeting with one ofthe
princes or with an tmportant elder, particularly ifthe lights
are placed so thatthe glare salways on the periphery of their
vision.

By the same token, sot lightsand pools of darkness can
foster a feeling of ignorance, appropriate if the characters
me in a new town oF a yrange part of rown. While soft,
scorhing music can help in scenes of intrigue. w fet. hat
beat can also add the theill of combat.

Try to choose music that fits each individual scene.
(One recommendation for the quieter scenes is the sound
track from "Twin Peal" the music ix ethereal and stighely
‘unnerving. Or peshaps you should try The Alan Parsons
Projects'*Talea of Mystery and Imagination by Edgar Allen,
oe;" ogair, the music can be slightly unnerving.

A solid dose of thowb music is always a safe bet for
keeping players hyped up during the more violent scenes.
Try Metallica's "Enter Sandman" or possibly a good dose of
Ony Osbourne. Either way, make the music frantic: Pick
and choose your awn music for exch scene, or follow the
‘suggestions én The Storytellers Handbook.

The Plot

Tam gomg to ell you now of a dream that led... to an odd

discovery,
— J. Sheridan Le Fanuy, Carma

"The Ascension of Caine" allows players to send their
characcersin any direction, but Stoeytellershave more tha.
enough ways to send the chomerers hack on track if they
stray roo far from the peoper path. Again, pleave read over
the information in the first half of this source book to help
with any necessary improvisation,

Itthe Dtoryteller has already run more than one oF two
stories, she should be familiar with how players will throw a
wrench into the best-laid plans. Sooner or liter it is going to
‘happen, no matter how carefully you prepare, Remember,
players love nothing more than making Storyteller sweat;
a few even look ut succeeding in this task as che pinnacle
moment of the gaming session.

"The Ascension of Caine" isdesigned to make sure they
‘an' do 60 too much, as long as the Storyteller has control
of events the characters go off on a tangent at the wrang
‘moment, simply speed the story up, or have theim un across
«few members of the Hunting Party thar just happen to be
in the mood fora little Kindted vitae.

Chapter One

he fist chapter involves horrific deans experienced
bby Kindred all across the world. This section hay a dal
Purpose: fist, t secs hve mood forte remainder of the storys
second, it stool for getting the characters to Berka ifthey
are notalready there, Thisshouldn'e be too difficult as mat
cof them will actually be haying dreams about landmarks in
the city

Ifthe characters do not begin in Berlin, ane the dueams
donorgetthem motivates togo there. the Storyteller might
haveafewoftheirsiresor maybe cvenaprincerequesttheit
aid" in no uncertain terms. The actions thar take place in
their dreams should be quite enough to motivate them,
however, and if any of them have the Danger Sense Merit
oc Auspex, they might well get additional information
through their dreams,

The dreams revolve around a figure of darkness who
calls Kindred fom atound the world eo join him. The
reams bring with them feelings of anxiety and hope,
depending on the individual character. Even if the charac
ters are not talking about the dreams, they will soon hear
others doing so. Another way to get the troupe involved is
to have them drafted by the Justicar derailed in Chupcer
Four

Chapter Two

This is an optional chapter for geting the troupe to
Berlin, and one that is unnecessary if che characters ame

already in the city. Itishighly recommended that the
bea pare of Berlin before the ctory tare oe bn wing:
a few of the figures in town would be useful.

If they begin elsewhere, the chanicters mist get to
Berlin. This chapter primarily deals with meeting both of
Berlin's princesand possibly afew elders, Iralso includes an
‘encounter with Ravnos clin members, who have just ar
tived themselves

‘The Princes each demand rhe character loyalty, and
hein reactions could be very jinporsant in devermining
whether or not they survive the meetings. Gustav will
tolerate absolutely no insolence unles the chamcrers are
servitors of the Justicar,

Book Two: The Ascension of Caine 95


{ Afeerthe meeting thermaywwilloncosune

spparently.agroup of happy-go-lucky individuals. They cain
snake life very difficult forthe troupe, they cim be extremely
sell at later time or chey can be both.

The main purpose of this chapter 1s to allow the
chinicters to cultivate u few channels of information for
ler use. The chapter endy with a pante-stricken Kindred
screaming and stuttering about tive meerieyghe justhad with
Caine, und the conainty the varapite feels that this was
indeed the Third Mortal, Caine, it seems, demands arn
angience with all Berlin's Kindred.

Chapter Three

The characters (if they have any common sense at all)
meet Caine the following night, Caine explains ngreat deal
Kindred of Berlin and issues.analtamatimn; "Jin sith
tne, my childeen, Sepamte yourselves from the benals thes
hold youenislavedto the Camanillaund the Sabbat! All who
follow te shall reap the great rewards I have wo offer. All
who side with my encmies shall be my enemies!"
Directly afterward; the characters have the chance to
Join Caine, and are told where they can meet hima ata later
time. At present, he will meet with no one nnd disappears

councer wich dhe Hhunctny Parcy, during which
they are invited 19 dinner — as the main course. The
troupe's only hope is the newly arrived Justicar,

The Justicar question: membersof the troupe who
survived the encounter with the Hunting Party. If the
characters prove helpful, he invites them to be of further
aid, giving them a phone number where they can teach him
oc his assistants. The Juseicar will promise the characters
rewards, and will remain evil as long as they cooperate

eting between
‘one the chara

This chapter also involvesa secretive

ss Caine would have them believe.

Chapter Four

Now the layers get's surprise. Over thie coune of the
next few nights, the Kindred population: inereases at a

96 Berlin by Night

me explodes, as new Kindred
meet the established vampires. The new Kindred cairn to
have met Caine before and start to break the Trasitions
The Masquerade is in danger, and so are the characters
they should attempt to interfere with those doing the
breaking.

Just when all seem coenpletely lost, sand it seems the
fe cme will come to the troupe's recs, wid appeane inthe
form of Caine. All he requires in return is fealty

The next night, the troupe meets with Caine and hus
followers, a group that has already grown to include the
entire Hunting Parry. Caine repeats his previous promises
and ives a demonstration of his power, causing a non.
believer todie in hideous agony before the character's eyes

‘The mysterious stranger from the other night speaks
Wwith Caine as he is leaving. So does another, oti
troupe knenva — x carefully hidden member of the West
Beclin Primogen

Chapter Five

The chirseters can follow the mysterious stringer ot
the primogen member, only to discover that both yo to dhe
same place: the Egypeian Museum. The characters encoun)
ter adealy trap inthe formn of the Aabbt Kindred, cobras
trained and Embraced, with lethal results, Shoukl they
survive this encounter, they will meet with yet another
cheat inthe form of Santet-ta,u Bane Mummy and servant
if Set.

‘Theywilleitherfightortalk, depensiingon the troupe's
moo, ancl the charactersean learn maay secrets, including
thetruth about Caine. During thisencounter, Cainer his
growing army of followers have grown tired of wuiting for
‘others to see the light. The ime has come ro join him or be
estroyes, nna Jyhad is waged on the battlefield of Berlin.
The charactersmust act quickly, crit wll be fo late to save
the city and possibly even the Camarila

Chapter Six

The final conflict, chapter with
to discuss until we actually reach

oxommany possibilities
point.


Chapter One:

Nightmares in.

the Daylight
Hours

Scene One:
In Dreams | See Him

The Plot


Chapter Two:

4%

Outsiders

Getting the Players to Berlin

Thisscene tsenrivel yoprional and dependsan wheths

nor che dreams have hue any real effect on the characters
Hichey have nor taken the hint, Gustavor Wilhelm (ar the
princeof theit ty) will stepin and requestafavor that isn

Id the character's be on the prince's baad did chi

Irisonly natural for th to want to know why

they b

it Issue the same request, explaining tht
handle the problem themselves and.

© been selected. T

ne, and [have seen the

ways én which you work togethe anyone
to the bottom of this little dilersana, it the group
asa whole," which, loosely eransared, meuns, "You

ute expendable

The only: characters necessary to thie scene ire the

Pp pe perhaps a couple of eklers, This ould
s the troupe discavers that the prince or iavcloaien paeitlon of pe © wpe
mething they cut provide, they may we who wantstheiraid (wantsthem togo to Berlin) wnd hasthe

n Strangers in Town

r :
oo much flack te

ot elder willingly

pe made and pitts «
Kindred makingthe request are unwarued,

the players very difficult

‘When You're


chilling
countless hun

Meeting with a new prince

J Book Two: The Asccmion of Cx


Ushi ae brought co hint for having done soinething wrong,
bewill have them killed without hesitation. Heis wery stiffly
proper and polite, but obviously doesn't wish tobe bothered.
‘Wilhelm ts just the opposite. He will ask questions
about where the Kineed are from, inquire as tocheirpresent
sitwations, hope that their stay in his city is pleasant, and
even Volunteeraid should they need it. anything, Wilhelm
almost roo pleniane
There can be great deal afoleplayiny and dialogue in
this scene ifthe troupe plays its cards right, Gustav will be
brusque. but ean bea fone of useful information. So long as
deference is shown and respect eiven, Gustav will be fatty
plesant, almost preening under ll the adminucion. Should
they simply ask questions of him asthough they were asking
a stranger the time, Gustav will dismiss the: characters
abruptly. ignoring any questions about the city
nelin will be friendly in either circumstance, shak-
‘ng the men's hands andl kissing the women's hands with
‘equal gusto, He ismore than willing to give information und
possibly even a guide to wid the troupe (guides are very
handy when \t comes to keeping tabs on visitors to his
ficfdom). If he troupe accepts the guide, Wilhelm inti
duces them to Peter Kleist, who will show them any sight
Nquestioined, Kleist will explain that going to the east
side would ensure his death in a moment as he has only
sworn fealty to Wilhelm and hia no clesite to join Gustav.
thisseete include buth pritwes
and Peter Kleist. ll of chese characters are detailed in the
Kindred section of Berlin by Night,

Scene Two: Caravan

In thin scene, the characters meet the Raynos — two
members and five Retainers — shortly after leaving
ce Wilhelm's haven. The Ravnios searching for
something importane to them, and the Troupe will notice a

‘all caravan of hattered and aged mini-buses:

‘The mecting with the Ravnos may take place in any
part of the ity and can lead anywhere. If the teoupe ts
already part ofthe Berlin Kindred, they ean pick and choose
their location. Optional choices are given in "Getting to
Berlin" the troupe is not originally from the city

act Burin Ine Lara areoe whey buildings deresoyed in
World War Il have been remaved to make parks, and the
Ravnios enjoy seeing these parks, The ‘salvo great

datker, having less stores open after nightfall une less
street lights than the west

the characters are in West Berlin, the kine on the
streets should be mote evident, and the shops and night.
clubs should light the area mote effectively, The troupe

secure insuch, where dheteaue Woo

‘many witnesses to allow much to oceut without a violation,
of the Masquerade

Berlin by Night

‘The Raivtios' buses are all covered with exid pining
sand slogans that appear to be utterly meaningless, unless
‘one oF more of the churaeters hoppens to understind Ko:

any, In the event that they do understand, the slogans
translate into warnings against potential thieves to avoid
risking their health by breslking into the vats

‘As is proper, the Ravnos are preparing (o intraduce
themselves to Wilhelm and request pertnission to visie his
fine city. The Ravnosintend to visit the city whethierornot
‘permission is granted, but they thoughe it would be nice to
ask.

Ihe chymeters make any commencs.t all friendly ot
hostile, thatthe Ravnosean averhear, they willbe acknowl.
edged and approached. The Ravnos will rewurn whatever
actitude tsshown them, be it patronizing friendly orhostile

asked why thoy arein town, the Ravnse wil be vague
"We lost something a few years buck, ana we ae trying to
find it, Maybe it sin this city, maybe not," The Ravns ask
‘questions of their own in return, but they will ask nothing
‘of personal nature after derermining whether the charac
ters inceral to stay an town for a while

asked abour strange dreams, the Raynos will ac
Knowledge that they have experienced the dreams, an yill
xprew theicbelicfrhae rhe drewns are hike) 9 samninuning
from Caine, Naturally they had ro come to towy nd find
‘ut for certain. The Ravnos will gleefully join the pty on
ny excursion the troupe members might sugsest, bur they
willnot join in.on anything that item openly shady Klee
isalong for the ride.

In any event, when the Ravnos and the troupe sep
rates, the characters will each have lost something persona
"The Raves wok watches, wallets rings, hand guns ad
appropriate, Sabbat medallions, The characters should nor
notice this nghr away, unless they actually mention that
theyare lookingover thelr possessions, Ifthey lomatice and
Uecide ro retaliate, the Rawnas will we their Charnerstry co
create a falye image of the catavan moving in a different
direction, thus allowing themselves a quick get aveay,

The Ravnos are norurally unsettling ro be aroued, bur
are also remarkably friendly, They are only cut to have
geod time and really do not desire any conflice with the
characters

Should the characters be civil, the Ravnos will return
the favor. Should the characters grow overly hostile, the
Raves will simply leave; they mark the characters as a
potential threat and ap definite targets of later

TePeterisalong usa guide, he will waen the
‘wary of the Rayos, though he will have che common sere
to wait nntil the Ravnos have departed. "Those nufians ate
thieves and liars, and they would merrily steal the newborn
baby from its mother's loving arms ifuivenachance. Watch
your hack when they ate near."

Thedialoguein thisscene dependsentirely on how the
‘troupe reacts ta the easy-going Ravncs. A great deal of fun
con be had with the Ravnos teasing the characters. and the



roll versus Hans! Willpow xp acter — he demanded ic." Hans will run on, exclaiming
then e thar he most sel! the princes: Auspex can again be useful ax
He's come tuck, Gad help us, He's returned! ievell allow Kindred ro know thar he ts celling the truth as

he characters ask whe , Hams will add he perceives it Hans will attack one who tres to keep
the following: "He calls for a meeting, at him from leaving, as he intends to tell as many Kindred as

want to live! Caine has requrne Thisscene takes place an the streets Be

he will goon rotell thera that Caine hascalleamecringat with Kindred, the characters wight oe might sit yet the

the Emperor William Memorial Church at 10 pum. the chancerotell anyene elie of what occurs. With the current

following night. He will continue with the three that politicastresses, t should be exceedingly difficult for them
He siid tv tell everyone thot flure to attend the however, contact the princes and let them know of the

meeting would be dangetuns. He did not adk cuit Kindred message from Caine

Berlin by Niche


» Chapter. Three:
: When Gods Are*

Scene Four:
The Gathering

This i
Warld War I, the


Scene Five:
Please Allow Me To
Introduce Myself

Then ath have heen greatly axagonatad
sccunsin the church, but the mood has
The air x charged with fear, as (
nets into the hull of

1¢ Kindred! of Berlin fall
sphere is charged

nothing to inven
1. From the.
bat. T


world. The kine have thought us legend for too long; they

have no concept of what we can do, They have grown weak
en their arrogance und complacency

Joinme, my children. Join with mein the hattletonile
his world. The Lupine, the kine, and any ethers who would

will fearn the per
The world will be our Herd.

ippose my rale andl that of my C

thoir foolish

veh Kindred in the tom. "I have been awa
Know you now tht [ have returned. I know th
shock Troo have heard the rumors of my demise. You will

nake your deci

separate yourselves from the bonds of the Camacilla and the
Subbat und rule by my side. Reap the rewards thar {alo
can offer you! Orremain with the fools who use you as their

pwns. Bat, know dais: dhove who sie wid my enieues

He ums to stride proualy from the room. "If you would
ne, speak co my Retainers. They shall tell you all,
you need know." Caine leaves the building, eanishing ito
inces and a good number of the Ventrue
ents later, talking

2 whispers

blood. The Blood is
add two to all physical aetribu

ne's, and will cemporatily
s. This efiect only lasts the

Every member of the Hunting Party will immediately
he rw) Most of the Kindred will
own ways in group or in pairs, The
il talking excitedly. The
Noaferatn leave imme a mesting of their
coterie. The few Brujaly in Berlin are stunned into silence

fora moment, and then proceed to argue a
octhis could have heen the true Caine. The M
rough the night, s

Toreador stand in sn

avians of
Hyde-White, pondering the i

the case of C

urred.

Caine
Caine is more powerful than any other Kindred on the
planet De
Appearance: Caine shou! hed in soil
terms, Instead, describe him in ways chat let the players
he look

expect statistics. Anyone foolish enough to

ike: "Caine stands before you. You
rwer that emanates fre
yourattention like

uous, gliding unto the dark chamber. He stares at
look of decermination on his powerful face."

Caine tea igure of myth and awe To give
same would make hi too real and

chat

like anyone else in the
Jetract from the playe
ters know thar this is C
looks Hike

Roleplaying Hints: You are aftaid of qothing. Noone
in the world can compare to you. You are doit
favor. You are powerful snd, in your own way, cariny, but

mistake The

They are the Damned because you let them come to pas
‘causing Rotschreck that cannot be tesisted

Tristan and Travis

The two ghouls are identical in every way, from the
leather outfits they wear to the putt in their hi. Neithe

a vial. No one,
ture: Fanatic

Demeanor: Funati

Born:
Apparent Age: 25
Physical: Strengt
Socials Charisma 3, Man

000 B.C

Dexterity 5, Stamina
ulation 3, Appearance
Ment Wiss

Talents: Alertness 4, Arhletics 4, Brow 5,

rercepsion 5, Intellig

5, Lingnuisties §, Occult 5

titude 4, Potence 5, Protean 2

pacience 1, Self-Control 5, Coune

ine 10%


+ Ihe brothers have powertul bowlies, lean and
hhard with not an ounce of space fat on thems. They are
as pale as Kindred, und could easily be mistaken for
m. The brothers stand 5°10" call and ate dressed in

matching boots, black leather pants and vests and
scoul,
Roleplaying Hints: You are loyal only to your brother
nul toCaine. You never smile in the presence ofothers,
and you never take'flack from anyone. Yo
questions brisquely, ignoring those that don't deserve
answers, You would de for your master; he is all thar
keeps you alive

Notes: Both of the brothers corr five sharpened stakes
as well ax throwing dngaers forged of silver. The broth
er ect any attempt at hostility immediately.

Scene Six: Reich Feast

Scary monsters, supencreeps

Keep me nunnung scared.

‘Seary Monsters"

raveled quickly even to discane locations,
of the Ascension isnow felt. The purpose
low the players to realize ust how soli
an influence the vampire claiming th be Caine is already
hoving. The Hunting Parry has stayed behind, receiving the
vitae trom Caine's retainers. Emboldened not only by the
vitae but by the promise that Came wil once mane give the
workl to the Kindred, they have decided to feast. The laws
of the Camanills no longer seern to matter tothe Hunting

Party, and this includes the Masqueride

When the nimon started last night about Cainecalling
amceting, hoth Maxwell Ldesewofthe Tremereand Nichole
of the Ventive called their sires. Enough is enough, and
both realize thar the chaes about spread wanld be too
‘much (or the city if the Camarilla does not intervene

The setting isthe streets of West Berlin, and again the
fight is wot und dark, Remember, the streets are almost
orally deserted tonight, as most kine have appirently

od noe to leave their homes

In tis scene, the troupe has the misfortune to run
across the Hunting Party soon after leaving the church. The
Huncing Party has decided that tonight would be a good

9 oF afew unewilling Kinde mnt the

tets have heen elected dinner. ft numbers approxi

imately 15 strong, anal includes the entire Hunting Party

except for Himmler. It should have little ot ney trouble

lestroying the characters

ip utterly hopeless for the players, they

Imay manage to injure or even kill a few of the Hunting
Party, but the sheer nunibers wil be overwhelming.

All of the anurchs carry wooden stakes, and they do
their very best to stake the chametersasquickly as posible
Should they succeed, they parade the characters through
the street the Hunting Party's headguar-

‘The aituatie

ters. They will never reach that destination, however. The
Jostivar and his Archons will stop the arrempted Diabletie
long before it ean actually
‘Yes, relief comes in the form of Justicar Schrekt and his
Archons. They do not kill any of the onarchs, chough thar
Instead, the Camaniia:
enforcers metely drive them away. Before the chanicterscan
thank them, Schrekt sturts asking the muupe questions.
Should the players opeto truthfully answer any and all
questions asked of them, afl will end well, If they should
make any sarcastic comments otto Me, the J
Archonswill unmestacely
are noc the nicest Kindred a chaenetee could nin across
They take theirduties very seriously and will not hesitate 10
set an example. If the troupe is civil, they will be well
thought of and possibly even rewarded st later eine
‘The int part of thisscene haste or ny dhalogue. The
HuntingParty isnot here tobe civil. The secand parrof hls
scene can contain Immense amounts of didlogie, starting
with the dhank yous and continuing on to the Justicar's
Questions. Schrekt isa very diteet unquisitor and trusts no
ine but his Archons, He will he using his Auspex to know
whether or not he is being lied to.
The Archos themselves cnr le vey flenaly, but thc
affection 1s ruse and a way of enticing the players ta he
honest. They play good cop to Schrekt's had cop,

Member of the Hunting Party:

Physicals Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Su
Physical Attributes are jocreased by Cuine's vie)
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearunce 1
Mental: Ferception 4, Intelligence 2, Wiss 5
‘Talents: Alermess 1, Athletics 1, Bri! 4, Dexkge 2
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Firearins 3, Melee 3, Survival 1, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Occule Lore 3

Disciplines: Coleriy I, Fortitude 1, Potence 3, Pres

‘Background: Allies 3, Mentor 2

‘Virtues: Conscience 0, Self Contnol 2, Courage 5
Humanity: 1

Willpower: 5

Karl Schrekt - The Justicar

Karl Schrekr is: very powerful Tremere, ond the
eumorsand legendsconcering him have grown as
have passed, Some say Sehrekt is nist even officially 9
Justiear any longer. and that he simply continues in the
work thar has lone beer his life's es

Schitekt believes the Canaria is the most inypertant
ingle ce inudred and char the
Camarila's laws must be upheld at any cost. While aiost
modem vampires only think of the Camarilla in a vague
way, Schrekt maintains the Laws and theie enforcesent xs

ina 6 (Al


4 che Inquisition, and hss prmary goal is wo insure thar th
say Scluekt has even bound a Setite 0 hirnelf
Novone in the city knowsanythingconerete aby
once hunted Kindred, Ie t said that he once killed
mmitted diablerie upon i) Lupine, Rumoes hi
flonen that he orice met Caine, Whatever the truth oft
Sice: Lothaniss
Natures Fa
Demeanot: juni

Apparent
Skills: Etiquette 6 Finearmy 3, Melee 5, Mane
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Camilla Lore 6 In
Politics 7

Disciplines: Auspex 7, Celetiry
rude 6, Necromnaney 4, Porence
Quierus 2, Thaumarurgy 8 (Tas
Flames, Movement Of Mind 5, Spirit

ather Control 4, Path of Corruption
g 3, Elemental Mastery 3, Path of Lumin

Sommunicate with Kindred Sire; Wake Wiel

Defense of Sacred Haven, Devil's Touch, Purity
Flesh, Ward Versus Ghouls, Principle Focus of V
Infusion, Ward Versus Lupine, Flesh of Fiery Touc
Noncorporeal Passage, Rencing Sweet E
Shield, Geas, Splinter Servant, H
ya Teue Friend, Ward Versus Spirit, E
Ratse the Dead,
Thain of the Blondline. plus a whole lot mote
5, Famie 5, Ment 3, Influence
nitces 6, Retainers 4, Status 7

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Conttol 5, Cour

4
n


Willpower: 10

Hiatety he ts beuny lied to as well the
twiture ofthe lie in Telepathie commu:
umber of people at once: His ext

an) exceptionally
‘him, which hulls mary
isingall the facts they had nist meant

alminy effect on thin
A thea into di

Image: Kiel Schrekt is a stocky S'10", He has wide

omens

1 rim hut dignified appearance. His face
ts vell weathered and hiseyesare always hooded, Karl's
Jie east under shoulder length and light blond, with
eso gray throughout. He tsnever without a trench
at, ney marter what the weather is ike. Undementh
he wears business suits of moxderarely expensive cur

Roleplaying Hints: Never smile. Never show fear ot

ager. Everything you are ig hidden from the world. If
it best iter was being murdered in front of yo. yout
would casually walk to his assistance. Nev ane gets to
yin. You are a man of te

Influence: We've talkin Justicarhere, Mest people see

Jing anything wrong. He has the respect fee of all
of This acquaintances, with the posible exception ofthe
Inner Council of thee Camarila

The Archons
The following statistics are usable
Howevereachhasseparate Disciplines

w the Archon,

sttotheappropr

Generation: 8th

Physicals Strength 5, Desterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Menital: Ferecprion 5, Intelingence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4

Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3; Subterfuge 5

Friquctte 4, Drive 4, Fiteans 5, Melee
arvival 3

1, Finance 2
Linguistics 4, Politics 3, Science 3 Investigation 5

jureaucracy 3, Comput

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Influence 1. Mentor 5, Ree
sources 4, Retainers 2, Suntus 4
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Couraye 4

Humanity: 4
Willpower: 7

Cashmere: Dominate 5, Fortitude 5, Obfuscate 2

Jules: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Thaumaturgy 5
lant Auspex 3, Domiisite 2, Thiaumanurgy 4
Charity; Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Obfuscare 4
Ra: Bondo

Serpentis 5

Galenty 3, Obfuscare 3, Presence 4

Rick: Celerity 3, Fortitude 2, Porenice 3
Tomlynn: Animalism 3, Celer
tence 3, Protean 3

2, Obfscate 5,

lesley 3, Potence

Animalisin 5, Fortitude

Jessica Morrow - Cashmere
appears nickname appacently
‘comes her wardrobe. which includes limitless numbers of
ccashunere suits and tas ssual men
tt was probably purchased at Sak's Fifth Avene, off the
rack. Jessica i outgoing an
oven cans of werosal haiespes
flamethrowers

Julian Sanderson —- Jules

Jullan Sanderson is a lean energetic man, with long
blond hair normally worn in a ponytail and sparkling blue
attitude iy mercurial, leaping froin cheerful to

Prerence4

2, Protean 3

ul red-haired! women whi

friendly, and
with lighters, sed it

cies, He
morose in w matter of seconds, Julian will wear whatever

‘lothes he finds appropriate to the situation, but peefera the


fan Carfa
formally be fo
formal Ope
ibserw

prefers the dramatic approach and ean
nd in fine English clothes, complete with a
Cloak and a silver-headed cane. lan is
oft spoken and quiet, until the tiene comes for him
twact.Lanaetsmorelikea Ventrue than» Tremere. Itislan's
goal to one day become justicarof the Tremere clan, but an
ts patient and will wast for the time being.

Charity Caize

(Charity iva Malkavian thro
of dress ranges between surfs
through t0

wh and through. Her style
‘anc cowboy, all the way
he occasional black leather outfit. Chanty
ers ftom multiple pecsonalities, which have so far been
remarkably tolerant of cach other. Some of the other
Archons have wondered whether ov not the personality
schism isn't just a tus, hiding her analytical mind behind
dlozen diferent stereorypes. She appears to be appeaxt
mately 20 years ol

Samat Ramal -Ra

Samat Ratnal is indeed a Setite, but a8 hit nickname
points out to one and all, he doesn't really seew to find the
Serine wiiy of existence pleasurable. He will n
beingaSuod-Snake, buthe normally doesn' try overly hard
10 deny i, either

Much to bis perpetual chagri
‘often win out against his desire
guys" He'll end up in deep water with the other Atchons
over sane little mistake like havinga Blood Hunt called:

unc of themby the prince of whatever city they have visited.
A few haveaccused Raof being a Child of Osiris. IFRa likes

the accuser, he gives her a chance to apologiee if ne
imply cemoves her Ive from Her shoulders.

Ri rd O'Shea - Ricochet
Flambe

al tendencies
uheroneofthe

Rick isa Brujah, orat lease heels
group huve pondered whether or nor he isactually » Caitaf,
hur never where other Kindred could hear. Rick seems t0

hissensibiti
ie he spent in,
him ovor the vdge-fsehoy
mand. powerful fear
offie. Rick ig fusly tll and muscled. Hisshort black
hair and brown eyes have caught the eyes of more than one

sken is Embraceasa personal
ties and gone overboard. Pethe

Kindred, only co have them driven offby the sour expression
co his fee.
Tomlyan Sinclair - Tom

tuo Keen liyputhesized that he would be taller if fe coukd
straighten his hunched back, of shorter i his prepostersus
ec. Tomlynn is a Nosferatu, with

sal eothe ene he

as were ent down 1
bark blige seit aed

when he

as human, He has a quick smile for ny and all
comers; and revels in inststing thar he and Cashmere are
hustand and wife, a fact that she vehemently denies
Tomlyna's thick Cockney accent and relatively high voice
ate the brunt of many a joke; he'll even Laugh alongwith
them, unless the joke comes ftoin someone he does not
know

Angelino Hammer - Angel

Angel appears to bea 24-yeat-old Tein tan, but hie
ris flawless, down to the numerous and
that flew f
ath, he was born in Italy, but after is
moved almose imme

smcnith like water
lorace in 1948, be
'sUS haven. Angel
of the word, eve
rowardshiserployer Sehrebr willing tor

shi attitudes
lerate the grees
verbal abuse Angel throws n every direction 46 longa the
Archon still performs. So far there have been no problems
He isnorinally dressed in black bouts and the attireofs
gang member

Gates

ame this Gangre! answers to is Gites. I
introduced, that 4 the name bi

solemn face with haunted eyes, and hair chit is alwaye
windblown, Like many of the Archons, Gates always wears
1 trench coar to conceal the numervuis Weapon:
Gates epoake auly wher spuken t

nally in ne.
syllabic responses. He often walks away, in the midhlle of
‘conversations, ot looks around carefully while talking with
someone, as if waiting for an attack he knows is dive

Scene Seven:
The Walk Home

t yo at

sod

Well I was there and J saw wh

Saw i with my ou rw ey
So you can wipe off chat sx

It's all been. a pack of les
Phil Collins, "In the AirTe
This scene is remarkably short, and Could be played is
{ust something seen by one or more of the charactersas they

‘ore wathingg homey bu

owne where you've been

information abour Caine. If the p
talking, the difficulty tosee Je raved to 10.

Inndarkitleyway, not farfrom where the charactersate
Perception * Awareness rll (difficulty 8) sil
reveal the twin Retainers, Trstanand Travis, yeakinguith
three obscured figures

they rv astively sabbiag
sane just walking ard

nything sho

Anyone with Auspex can tell that the thc figures ane
obviously Kindred, bur they were noc atthe meeting earlier
in the night. Shoukd anyone get overly curtousos to whats
going on in the alley, the ghouls and the yumpires notice

n anal quietly leave. Any of the charters wha tty E>

Book Two: The Asceniion of Caine 100


(6th psn Rie tcl stereo fem

wey. Anyune following theorher group will lose them ese
the Eeyptian M

Even the best roll
hear what iv beingsa

will nor permit the

harveters to
urona Perception + Linguistics roll
(diliculey 9) the characters will be able to cecognize the

language being spoken by the sinall group: Lhe Large |
tuncient Eayptian. Should the characters examine the empty
alleyway, Auspex reveals the {allowing d le
tnd green emanate from all figures seen.

There are no serious developsmentsin thisseene, merely
anew piece to sd to the parte

Rerlin by Night


! Chapter Four: g

anges

Scene Eight:
Population Explosion

port thew n
re, they start to notice more and more Kindred :
xssible that they will nun

heir cown hee city if they

ons. Ar leasea few of t

rreets. walking in small gr
Finally, the char may wish to talke with any

‘number of the new K;

town, If that is the case, let
don tua wild The Kindred population is
exploding. By the time of th

of Kinulred will have increased from 40+

jeniocaldenemics could bein town aswell, and

None of the new Kindred shonkd he ARES NESTS

» the characters, and most seem to
a free from the fmimie

anarchy, The story of Caine ts promise of ecquality

rer deal thaa they get at ho ta few new

sible, though

hn ero Si rayealso come tevfinul the truth aby dad ceca teh
ne the fur your trou

Kindted population, almost: anythi le. WF the Hpesiely ee

ssihaliry thar the rrapye will poo hack te the Fyypeian


Scene Nine:

A Demonstration
1

Imm competing with the

‘believe my dilemma is real
n of Steel
Spin Doctors, Jimmy Olsen Blues

Caine calls for another meeting with Berlin's Kindred,
and without exception, theyshow up, [esse ~wo days from
he deadline Caine set for the Ki

to make their

Berlin now hosts more than twice its normal pop

the Memorial Church. The characters should
fort
shell of the chi
meh appears empty from outside, but this obviously an
iMkasion of some sor, In crowded with Kinadeed who
practically line the entire inside wall

The ould b
for so many vampires: The players should realize j

unsettling to thase not prepared

Gaine's speech is covered in Chapter Three, As he
finishes, anv unknown Malkavian stand and yells, "You
thar you are Caine, and I know

Caine; [have seen him tn p
‘expable of. You could not po
appeatsand reappec

sory anil 1 know whut he
bly be the Third Mortal! He

an finishes Wb
achisside, Caine quicklyandefficiently
nb from limb, covering himself and
anyone too clese to the unfortunate vanpice in blood
Pieces of Kindred body ¢
Caine holds his viet

The

others w

head for all to se

aine's face ia appar
feel the same way to face
ree that this s not

Logic may tell the

emotions should say otherwise.

NowCatne willanswerany questionscivilly put talim,
Any accusations,even if they come from the cliaractets:are
‘merin te same way asthe unfortunate Malkavian's. For the
purpose af attackinya player, consider Caine to have Claws
of the Wolf, 2 Potence of 10, Fortitude af 10nd Celerity of
10, His Strength and Stamina will match those numbers. a8
will is Dexterity

Alter Caine finishes, he leaves the chiiech with fis
retainers and the datk figures from Scene Seven. The
haracters may follow if they s0 desire, Agiitt, Caine will
disappear, along with his Retainers. The Setites, however

can be followed

Retlin by Night


Jestroyed Malkavian, and n Tremere in the group might "False Caine.
want to use Taste of Blood to learn more about him. His

Book Two sion of Caitie 113


Chapter Five:

Lessons in the »

Into The Snake Pit the

are a great deal
wesecond halfofthe scene takes place in the Exypti
re than

scrolls and warion:

For the fine par
oth
Kinde

troupe

Setites sh

break it
who will send their spe

its hinge

t the Secives inside

ringin, thechuracters will hay
Mammy Saatet-ta andthe Aabbe Kin

capture the Setites or ask thea any

will say nothing of importa
characters, They do hav

troupe — Peter Kleist

the Serites, they will find i abst it Kle
will immediately defend the Setitesto Wilhelm, and w

Museum contuns several mun

(0 sneak in, they need a


Wilhelm is nor known to be influenced by many Kindred,
Kleist is one of the rate few who can convince him t

If the Setites capture the troupe, they will tell
charactersall aboat Caine asthey prepare toburn the trou

Saatet-ta- Darkener of the Earth

knowns that un rent name she

be

Ics also rumored that she betrayed ire:
Jestruction. The only ones who would know for certain
shot nilking. In any case, when the time of her firse ret
came, Set renamed the woman Saatet-ti after one of
Ineamnations uf Apophis,

s changed that (or all
She appears to be scorched in the way 1
exposure te che sum bums. vampire. Her skin Is blacke
iil cracked like adried lake bed, and her once magnifi
Suatet-ta's eyes burn with a feverish

there wasever any ack of ru
Set, itis long in the past. She, alone of the Bans

war equal of dre,

‘normally uses Saatec-ta on missions of suh
re. Saatet-ta is a vile entity and a vain
there is a chance of her being encountered,

sr Obfuscate 10 appear as she once did

Nature: Plotter

Demeanor: Jobsworth

4), Dexterity 3, Stari.

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 5, Appearance

Perception 5 tntelligence § (7), W

3, Intimidation 5, Seare

Rook Two: The Ascenston of Caine 11


cars 5, Melee 3. Security 3, Stealth

aueriey 3, Kinuleed Lore 5, Lupine
any Lote 5, Oxeult 5, Polities 3
Mai Skillet Amulets 4, Ni

¥ 2, Obincave 4

Background: Allies 4, Cantacts 2, Influence 3, Re:
Willpower: 6

Mummies, firsr introduced in. A World of Durknesst
Mummy, an never teally dhe. Idestroyed, they will be

Sire: Set
Nature? Fanatic
Demeanoe: Director
Generation: 4th

Embraces 1032 BC

Physical: Strenyrh 6 Dexterity &, Stamina 7

tovhals Chr Mampalanen ¥, Appearamee 6

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Virtues: ence O, Self: Control 5, Courage 5

. Alertness 3, Ban! 2, De

Talents: Actit

5, Subterfuge 6, Diplomacy 4

Skills: Ancmal Ken 4, Eraquotte-) Fin

voliions 4,

Seni Deception 3
ms3, Melee 3
nal Tent

Hk: 4, Game Play.
Interrogation 9,

Knowledges: Finance 4, Investigation >, Linguistics
Lupine Lore 4, Kindred Lore 7, Medicine 4, Muramy
Lore 4, Occult 7, Politics 5
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 5, Dominate 5,
Fortitude 4, Necromaney 3, Obfuscate 6, Por
Presence 7, Protean 4, Serpentis 8, Thaumaturgy 3
(Path of Corruption 3, Movement of the Mind 3)
Backgrounds Allies 5, Influence 3, Resources 5. Re
taints 4, Status 3
Humanity: 0
Willpower: 8
Notes: Nefertiti' oxtrs lovel of OMfseate allow beet
make her aura always appear pink. Her two exte
Of Presence let her make other people feel as though
they have been Blood Bound to her ancl destroy the ties
between people. Her extra levels of Serpentis allow hier
ts to become obsessed with something
ely afraid of something or completely addicted

levels

Image: Nefertiti is a stunningly beautiful woman with
long bliek hair and eyes even blacker. She smiles only
slightly, and her eyes have an evi gleam. She stands
roughly five feet tall. Normally she wears loose-fitting
Jothesof black or ect annlscverulamall yems ining
and other jewelry.

Roleplaying Hints: Youarethe Getof Sethimself, and
have been one of his trusted lieutenants since the time
hre sted you. You fear nothing, cantent in the know!

edge that you and your assistants can handle any
problem. You will kill anyone foolish enough tw be
discovered inside your haven, Plans have progressed
{oo far in your great revenge to allow anything to get in

your way.

Aabbt Kindred

‘The Aabbe Kindred were once simple African Cobre,
Almost a century ago, Nefertiti decided to cest whether or
pot animals could be Embraced, and sired a number of the
ccrearures. The cobras have long been Blood Bound to
Nefertiti,allowingher to train themas her guardians. White
the cobma's ure amazingly powerful in a physical s
Nefertiti discovered that the

culty in learning Disciplinesofamental nature than they do
‘of physical nacure

The creatures have increased in intelligence over the
years, allowing her to teach them new tricks, including the
ability t0 use Serpentis to change into quasihuman sh
These beasts ae sill very driven by their natur,
fact shown by their fear of fire. Nefertiti nas seen the results
‘ofthe cobra's venom, and is highly pleased by the effects on
both Kindred and kine. It will killa mortal almost immedi
hu when striking vampire, the venom ssonly lethal
character fails to make a Stamina + Fortitude roll
(difficulty 9). With one such successand the expenditure of

Beilin by Night


Blond Point, the character can avoid any il effects. Ifa

tof the body

Poine isnot spent to force the venom:

Kindred will drop into torpor immediately

ahuf 3 Aabth Kinde, hen
he went that if they were not Blood Bound and Dom
Is would eventually

noctumal in nature, the ani
Jer outside

faven ind

Aably

ith continues to feed th:

blood. However

he bi Jency on the put of

Aabht Kindred to hunt down and drain the blood of

rodents, simply out of habit
Next on her agenda of pers is-a gorilla, She ts most
itioun to see what effect the Embrace will have «n the

Sire: Nefertiti
Nature: Cobra

the nature of these

Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Seamina 3

ulation

pearance 1
> Wi

5, Incelligen

todge 3, Intimidation 3

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Stealth 4, Survival +
Knowledges: Non:

Dissiplinoss Colvcity 2, Forritade 3, Obfutcate 1, Pr
nce 4, Serpent

Backgros

Vie

Animal Kindred
ai

Most animal Kindred would n

mnimal can bea vampire, but they will always

es of instinct with a Limited! brain cap

instinctively know that
uld now kall them; their instinct

the light of the sun ¢
Jo not ch

Animal Kindred also have w greater
Thawntus

Jer time doing so,

pind works

have a much hi
Animal Kindred go through
well. Foe instance, their Mental Abilities

grow very slowly, and ¢

Anumal Kio

c ined also have » satural

me 08S On

tiyely prs

to manage and control Disp that

donot normally appear within their clan.

Most Kindred are appalled by the thought of Ani
‘mal Kindred, feeling that the creatures shuvsld have been
left ro th rsumply Killed, not dacs
to vampire

Humanity: None

Willpower

Image: The Aabbe Kindred uppenr to be ordinan

cobrasin theirnatural form, bur ifusing their Serp

hey can

mano form stands toughly six fe
While the faces of

hecobrasseem tolack control of thenew

i fine 5
femobile
cular sh

cobras maintain both thetr black. snak

Roleplaying Hints: Upon occasion you will hiss, then

you will bite.

Scene Eleven:
Battle Lines

Thisscene is actu

einuation of the last seer
paracrers have lost t
forcesof theSetiteelierand the Bane Mum
has won (what!)

made. Si

Ir assumes the

Ifthe tron
re will be no drama or setti

Dalogue section of thisscene

This scene rakes place in the sublevels of the Egyptian
Museum, in a section that uppeats on no maps. The floc is
pvered with sara, making the room seem like it bel

somewhere other than Germany. The wally sre covered

with tapestries of stunning design and variety, depict

various aspects of ancient Egyptian life. The only bate wall

Book Two The Aeension of Cai


Berlin by

isnawdecorated with the troupe'schiin hound forms. Both
doors leading into this room are solid steel nd guarded by
1s with wooden stakes,

Nefertitigloatingly tellsehe ch

cedan

placed against one wall of Neferrit's hidden haven, her
plans, almost drawn to fruition. Nefertiti will then prepa
to kill the characters. Any Setites umong them will be
‘offered @ chance to join forces with her and the other
Setites

1e Kindred will he batted into chains bu
Haven wall, and briefly lef

theiron

has a confereace with her remaining

squards lefe will be ghoulsana, poss
Kindred,

Nefertiti is confident, overly 90. The ch
vanity and confidence, Nefertit: will talk of all she

She will gleefolly tell the troupe ev

"I've been working on unleashing Caine for als
Yeats. Caine is my crowning achievement. He
aine, you know, His name is Ankla F

ack when f wats

ill just a mortal + queen of Egypt

"What Ldidnncknow s
om many a night as the ki

of his seduction, thar 1 learned the truth af his nature. He
wax thief nd a liar! He stole my innocence and my jewels
no doube going back to his clan and laughing ae the foolish
agiclof the royal Ganily. Like all histype, he was toni
the time I discoveres the theft-Still, after grent Si
as his own, | remembered Ant

otep.

"Imagine imy s
alrmost 69 ye was already in Berlin by then, and I
would have never found him myself. But another of my clan
did find him, injured severely a
dead,

we when 1 found him in torpor

"The ties that bind him are not to mé, but to Peter
Kleist. Perhaps you saw hin
Inany case, Peter is bound to me, and has always given me
the information { desired, when I desited it
d Perer bind the fool Ravnos even
torpor, When

"Ankla Hotep actually believes he is Cain
of taking care of these things, He is very powerful in his
abilities. He is mighty in his use of Chimersery, made even
mightier chrough my manipulations

was leaving here e

he slepe in
h that double

awoke, | worked throu

ast to have my revenge.


"Whenever eso desires, he can alter the worldaroond
him ancl make others see its he wants them to. Ory as 1
desire. When poople are close enough, they have no reason
todoubrthathe ts Caine. Hisreality changing bilities have
‘made him almost as powerful as the genuine article

"I decided to use this ubiity in the best possible way.
With Catne at ny se, I will desteay the Camaritlaand the
Sahbat. Great Ser will work hie way into the ensuing chaos
and seize conteol of the warring factions. That I can use
Ankli Hoteptothexeendsiniakesimy victoryall thesweeter,"

While talking to the characters, Nefertiti caresses che
fies of any attractive rualus in the group and utec Serpenti«
to cause the chanicter to hecome obsessed with het, She
rolls dice (difficulty 8), und fae ean accumulateas many

successes as her target has Humanity, he becomes obsessed
with b

conte

She leaves her vietime to suffer for s white and
late che best ways to serve her.

After Nefectiti leaves the room, characters who look
closely notice the Re sone form of trance In,
hey have heen drugged

After Nefertiti has left and the characters have had
their chance lecide te try escaping. The

wn manacles are of wrought iron, and require
Strength Fear of 7 1 break

In the event thar no one can succeed in the necessary
Strenuthiroll,oneof thecobrassliding actossthe ground will
‘nuunifest itself ioco the form of Samat Ramal, the Setite
Archon,

‘Samar Ramal his 9 very serious predicament on his
‘hands. He now knows who Caine is, but the people behind
the false messiah are of his own elan, He te unicertuin as to
whathe should do. The characters will be given a chance to
convince him, but only if they were helpful in the past
Ramal 1s Blowd Bound to Kael Schrekt, and the Bond is
powerful. If uve characters try to persuade him rather than
insult him, he will let them go and even show them the best
route from the dungeon to the sewers

Somat Ramal observed all that trinspited while in
whath
"The characters have to be at least civil, or he will nor warn
them abour Nefertiti's subtle powers. If they insult him in
they will likely be back in theie original predica:
ment. In any case, he will hiand the keys to their locks to
whichever Kindred has been the most cooperative in the
past

Scene Twelve:
A Call to Arms

There is distinct ponsibility that nor all ofthe troupe
will go to battle the Setites, Maybe none followed the
secretive Kinudred. that ithe eis, they will know more of
what is happening in the world outside the Egyptian mu

G
that ta

ine hascalled all Kindred to follow him in a meeting
ses place two nights after the list one: A sable
fnurober of the anarchs (and possibly even the character)
have now done so. A gaod percentage of his followers ate
taho Sabbar Noddists. With this group under his control,
Caine will cal for the destraction of all nonbelievers, and
the anatchs agree

Now it isthe weekend, and alone tl
protesters have already come close
place for the Kindred to join the

Inachaoticriot snarchswill start ugrons
violation of the Masquerade, slapping kine o
and stalking towards the Charlottenburg Py
Wilhelm resides

Unknown to Caine and the anarchs, Karl Sclnekt has
convinced the two princes to set aside thelr personal fer

urfurstendamm
rioting. What betrer

x, where

the false Caine-Ieis Schrekt'sbelief that ifthis false Messiah

4s nat stopped riow, the rest of the Justicars will have to he
called in. There ts little doube ela the Kinde

all be destroyed should this occ

‘Which side of this bartle
‘ont Both? ifso, dhen tle up should be sepiraved At dla
point, the palace holds great number of the Kindred who
have not gone over to Caine. Both primogetis ure repre:
sented here. Now is not the time for peery squabbles —the
cad of the city could well be near at than

Scene Thirteen: War!

This scene takes place on the Late-night sreets just
‘outside of the Egypeian Museum, and proceeds down the
Ku'damm. The rain is falling in torrents, and thunder blasts
theskies. The main drama in this scene i the chance for the
troupe to decide where they will yo and who they will fight

While some or all of the characters have been locked
away, Cuine has decided to change the rules. If the charac
tots lost co Nefertiti and her minions, they will be unaware
thata substantial amount of time hs
nights in the dungeons

The thin! meeting with Caine his come, snd he hie
called on all of his followers to join him in destroying the
scluctant A veritable warie gathering, ith the Final etch
‘and Caine as well 30 cr soother Kindred on one side. The
rest ofthe massive overflow of Kindrel is om the other

As the characters emerge from the sewers, they have
the option of joining either group or going with Samat
Ramal toler the usticar know what isgoingon. Before they
have decided, Caine and his followers make their appear

unce, heading coward the Charlottenburg Pa
away.

passed. They gentoo

bce, no fr

Rook Ture The Awcension of Caine 119


Ar the same time, Justiear Karl Schrekt, his Archon,
loyal (or Blood Bonn) Kind
‘of Borlin are trying to prep
headed th

‘There isa great deal of
between the troupe and

both princes and th

ton the sidelines.

ein this scene, primarily
amat Ramal, He urgesthem join
in the final fight against Caine and asks them co ely him
find Schrekt. The roughest part of th
just he deciding where to look for th
teign over the city,

Ankla Hotep

Smenkhara

enttite affair might
Justicar, With free
could be anywhere.

Nature: Bon Vivant (
Demeanoes Jester (Ju
Generations Sth

ine)
ee)

Embrace: 17.
Physical: Serength 8(10), Dexterity 6 (10), Se
Socials Tharisna7(10), Manipulation 8, Appearance (10)
Mental: Pescep
Talents: Acting 5, Alermness
Dovige 5, Intimid
Skills: Av

ina 7 (10)

awl 5, Diplomacy 4
n 6, Leadership 2, Seduction 7,

Ken 4, Demolitions 4, Escapol

Playing 6, Herbalism 4, Hypnotisin 5, Interrogation §
Melee 3.5
Knowledges: Finance 5, Investigation 5, Linguistics 6
Medicine 4, Occult 7, Polit

Disciplines: Animaliam 2, Celesry
(10), Fortitude

pocket 8, Security 6, Stealth 3, Survival é

(10), Chimerstry 8
10
Presence 2, F


science 4; Self-Contel

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9 (10)

Notes: Ankla Hotephas heen locked away in totpoe for
the last 60 or so years. Even with his amazing powers, he
could not stop the explosion of the Lusitania ftom enusing
enough damage to throw him into torpor; One of the few
facts the nazis never revealed was that they had managed to
get hold of che Ravnias and had him sealed away for latee
experiments: Both Himmler and Gioeing knew of the vam-
pire, but they had no idea whe he was or how powerful he
ts. He has teen forgotten over the decades

All charscteristcs in parentheses are only good for
when Ankla Hotep is in his Caine persona. Saatet-ta has
designed a powerful amuler for Nefertiti, which increases
Ankla Horep's Chimerstry to the sime level of powet that

wwe 5

cate of Gaine's own childer would posiess, Wher wile hie
Chimersery, Ankla Hotep is for all intents and purpoxes
Gq ed reality much like the Level 10
Chinsestry power Reality, but he has altered it to wuch a
level tha
Withe
not

ine. He ha al

five>mile radius

it aflects everyone with
the amulet to increase his Chimerstyy, fe eo
mote powerful Kindred that hi

Image: Ankla Hotepisa
in shoulder and generally at
rs colorful lathes typical of the Rowiany lind ties

Roleplaying Hints: You
lly for the nose pare. You have traveled the workd

love rell

tesa ski

edna, wide

confident in your power

more times than mest people could imagine
stories of the wus

& Two: The Ascension of Caine 121


Chapter Six: .
Revelations

destroy them. He has be

Scene Fourteen: ond all al
The Players Answer

The fate of Berlin isin th

he conflict hefore it stats.

Scene Fifteen:
Resolutions

member all


Anikla Hotep and the Raynos in Berlin — but they will lone
any further influence over Schrekt, ashe ft
debe is no more.

Justicar Selirckt will take the Ankla Hotep's amulet
with him, demanding it for the sike of safety. He need not
worry: only Ankla Hotep ein use the amu
created specificaly for him

Should the charaiers save the day ow
‘Schreke will not only be in cheir debs, but very possibly offer
them the chance to warkas his Archon, position of great
‘ovk and potential

‘Should the characters join Caine, there a very real
chance thae the Setite plan will continue, changing the face
of the Gothie-Punk workdas stands. Those changes would
be up to the Storyteller to control, bur a great deal would
ctiange, not the least of which would be a new faction
breaking from both the Camuilla and the Sabbar.

Ic is always possible that the newly formed Got Of
Caine will continue on without the false messiah, leaving
hhim fehind to seek out the crue Caine of to pn for his
retum. On the other hand, a Storyteller might opt to have
the real Caine show up, but that is noe eecommended. Soane
Ulicge ate best left as legends

Another wiy to resolve the situation if the characters
cannot is t0 have Caine killed messily and noisily some
right ithe distant future. There should be no indication as
to what happened to him. Pethaps it was the true Caine.
Pethaps it was. Lupine in i very bad mood. In any case, 1
should leave the players with something to think abou

New Chronicles

"The Ascension of Caine" can be used to start a new
chronicle in Berlin. Ifthe Storyteller wants to use the story
in thieway, then agood.earting poine tsScene Three: When
the Princes Call. The primary change is simply that the
characters would know fewer of che Kindred in Berlin, arid
a great deal less about them,

ting with the princes is mandatory ifthe characters
wish tosurvive for long. To dace, only the Setites hidden in
their tunnels and a few members of the Sabbut have been
vesenting themselves, and by the end of th

his prestation

ty as it Was

‘The lurgest change in the story would be in its pacing.
(On theie first night ay Kindred of Berti, the troupe muse

meet the princes, and by the end oftheir second night they
rust meet Caine!

‘Alternatively. they could be sited ducing the popule
hoon in the story, leading thern to great rrtiesasthey
have to leam about the Camarills, the Sabtst und the
smnarchs st the came time the acy takes place

{itis Sabbat chronicle, then the puck has alicia
coticemns. Being Sabbat in a Camarila city is risky ung
tame, but when the city has two princes and Justia the

engieatcr.N

oxen Berlieis omelet tae Sublet
and the visiting Archons and thelr mas
mike everything difficuls

By the same token, what better time to increase the
Sabhar population than duringor after tye battle for Berlin?
‘When all eyesiare on Caine, when the city issuffering from
population explosi

epic proportions, who woul
notice a few docen neonates coming owt of the woextwotk
Well, maybea Justsear anid his Archon

Speaking of Arclions, ifthe characters start the story.
such, then they woukl be in the dubious position of dealin,
with rival Archons and Justicar Karl Schtekt Sclwekt and
his Archons have a rep mang griel. Wal the
‘old animonicy betwee av Breiden
would not be difficult to add tension by stuply havin
troupe's Justicar on good terms with Gustav

‘Cloakaind dagger, played the At
deadly game While the geal is the same, the means tan
end can be very different. Storytellers could abo have the
troupe completely replace Schrekt's Archons. They are
sick with the task of getting to the bottom of this mess
while the Justicaris off in Venice, pleading for extra time
before all of the Jsticarsare forcedobliterte Berlin. In hat
‘ape, all the Kindred in town would be watchiny the tc
carefully, and quite a few would want to see them
before they could interfere in the schemes that brew he
neath Berlin's ewilised veneer

A great deal could be changed by avkling any of the
aforementioned complications. Give them some thought
and, above all, have a good time!

of way, can be very

Book Two: The Ascetion of Caine 123


Index

A

Aabbt Kindred 96, 114, 116-118)
Academy off Arts 35
olf Hitter 17,21
Airports 11
Albrecht 13
Amelia (Nosferatu) $3.58, 88
Ameria Cadenbhibliothale 30
Anarchs 19, 28, 32, 38, 59, 91

Final Reich (Anatch coterie) 78, 79
Ankla Hotep 101, 120-121
Anntoinette ( Foreakor) 35, 55) 76, 88
Archons 33, 108-109

‘Anenal 24
Aseamite 33
Al

B
Baali 34
Bub Yaga 21, 52, $8, 91
Reauregard Krueller (Malkavinn ansitribu) 66-67

Wor 15

rian-Prussi

Bellevue Palace 36
Berlin Film Museuen 38, 56
Berlin Museum 24, 32
Berlin Palace 24

Berlin Wall 19

Betholt Brecht 9, 24
Bloodfeud (Malk
Bowell 68
Bocanical Gardens and Museurs 34, 39
Brandenburg Gate 38

Beandenbury Quarver 33:34

Breidenstein see Gustav Breidenstein

be) 69

Brothers Grimm 27, 71
Brohan 30
Bnijoh

Chin Metnbers 44-47

ith 47
Charice Fon
Charlottenburg 29

‘Charlottenbury Palace 41
Conenim 19, 24,28, 78

Congress Hall 36

aiyne (Ventiue antiteibu) 70-71

D

Daryl Luss (Gangrel) 1
De Lutrius se Thor
Dieter Kolrar (Bru
Dinitju see Iilyana Dmitju

E
East Berlin (Districts) 25-29, (Map) 26
East Berlin Zoo 36
Eidwanel Hyde 23, 49, 78
see also J. Oswald Hyde-White
Egyptian Museum 39, 38

as Del Luceius

Eigermann 13, 34, 84

Ellison Humbokie 16, 40, 41, 51, 74, 70, 88.
Elysium

Brik

Fria (

Europa Center 40-41, 99
Europe (mop) 10

F

Faeries 18, 34, 71

Piles 38, 56, 76

Films abour Berlin 9

Final Reieh (coterie) 78

Anarchs

Followersof Set 33, 109, 14-119
igne see Chanice Fontaigne
War ls

ferara ancien) 67
5

Franco-Prassu

Fran Litepar (N
Frederick the Gi
Friedrich Kraus
Friedrichsha

G

Gangrel
Clan Me

bers 47-48

sce Lupines

vee Erika Geiger
Wiltin
Gestapo 17-18, 59

4

Ghosts

1 Goring
ry 30

18, 32, 37,48, 85
ay. Lupines


Guseav Bretenstein (Ventrue) 7-9, 13, 15, 24, 39
60-62

Hans Vroenik (Tremere) 56, 88

Hanseanic Quarter 36, 41

Heckler 66, 69, 86

Heinrich Himmler (Tremere) 15, 2

Henty Jeckyl 35, 48-49, 74, 76
see also J. Oswald Hyde-White

Hermann Goring 8, 27, 50-51, 86

Himmler see Heinrich Him

Hitler 17,21

Hunting Party 41, 80-81, 82, 106

Humbokle Univetsicy 16, 24,27

Humboldt see Ellison Humboldt

Hyde-White see J. Oswald Hydde-White

tyana Driitju (Tsimisce) 69

Ilse Reinegger 13, 61

International Congress Center 40, 76
Labelli Corelli (Brujah) 28

J
J Qowald Hycle- White (Malkavian) 42, 48.49, 86
Johann (Toreador) 24, 57, 84,
Justicar see Karl Schrekt

22,59, 74, 62

hrekt (Ventrue) 13, 107-109
ina Kornfeld (Vertrue) 28, 65, 74
Kleise see Peter Kleist

Kopenick Palace 24

Kotlar see Dieter Kotlar
Kreusherg 32

Krueller See Beauregard Keueller
Ku'damm see Kurfurstendamm
Kurfurstendamm 29, 37

see Maxwell Ldeseu
27,29, 36,39
htenberg 23

ar 67
Lupines 15.

Lusieania 16; 101, 121
Laresee Daryl Lute
Lubars 34

Mages 17.3.
Mafkavian
Clan Members
Maxwell Ldesen (T
Memorial Park 28
24,28, 40
Museum of Antiquities 30
Muscum of Apylied Ares 24
Inserument Museum 46

Napoleon 15
Natalia (Ray
National A
Nefertiti 116
Neukolln 33

(Ventme) 63-64

ws) 10)

Clan Mesnbers 51-5

Oswald see J Oswald Hye Wye
Orro von Bismark 16
(Orro:Nagel Hous 39

Oxy see}

P

Dawald Hyde Wwe

Paris 15, 70.91
Peaceek Ihind 33,38,

crgunon Museu
Persia (Mal
Perter Klelat (Ve

ian) $0, 78, 86
) 64-65, 100, 114, 118, 122

Pfauseninsel 33
Project: Werewolf 18, 32,50

O&R
Riivncs 99, 101
References 9
Reinesget see Hlst Reiner
Reinickendorf 3-34
Rutigar

Ss
Saaret-ta (Sertite) 115

Sabbat 60, 66-70, 83, 86
Schonebery 34

pant Rutiyar

Book Twor The Ascension


Schoneberg Town Halt 34
kt se Kaul Schrekt
cs see Followers of Set
ciety of Leopold 28

wiet Union 16, 44

Stefan Ru

T

126

Tegel Airport 11, 33-34
Tempelhof Airport 11
Thomas Del Lacrius
Tierparten 35-36

Tiergarten Park 36
Tierpark 24. 36
Tonic Borrelld (Brujab axtrierbu) 68
Toteait

fer
Tremere

Memibers 55-58

Members $8-60

Tristan and Travis 105-106

U

Unter den Linden

members 60-66
Vroenik we Huns Vroenik

dang 15, 18,

Wolfgang 54-55, 78, 80
World War 116-17, 53
World War 17-19

Wraiths

XV&Z
Zeblendort 37

Ghose

62-63, 65

Berlin by Night


Map Of Europe

ICELAND

‘pewuaric
ais

POLAND

GERMANY

FRANCE

ayo cay,

BYELARUS

eran

ROMANIA

ULAR

TURKEY


Unlife and Death in the Anarch Free States

By Noah Dudley



Look homeward, Angel, now, and melt with ruth.

— Milton, Lycidas

Ina world of rules, where tradition governs even the undead, a new breed seeks to break these rules. They've
thrown off the old ways with fire and stake and brought in new ones. Now the question is not "Can it be
e will find out.

done?" but "Is it even worse?" Those who sury


Credits:
Written By: Noah Dudley
Additional Material By: Nancy Bermen

Developed by: Andrew Greenberg
Edited By: Jennifer Clarke Wilkes
Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan

Art: Tom Berg, Dave Fooden, Matt Haley, and
Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

Art Director: Richard Thomas
Front Cover Art: Tim Bradstreet
Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

Production Assistance: Matt Milberger

9

"se

Feed 45983 STONEGATEIND. BLVD.
daet, STONE MTH., CA 30083

CAME STUDIO

Word from the White Wolf Game Studio

Life is crashing right along for the White Wolf team
this summer. Our fiction party at Dragon Con was (in this
writer's humble opinion) asmashing success: both Michael
Moorcock and his charming wife Linda left with smiles on
their faces, the food was good, and the WW staff got to
hobnob with some of the best in the business. Wow. We
even wore shoes.

The joyous developmental avalanche of Wraith has
finally come to a halt. We kinda like where all the pieces
landed. The book (which is gorgeous, by the way) is
coming with us to Gen Con. Watch for the chains, and be
warned that subversive buttonwearers will be ridiculed
with extreme predjudice.

Finally, it's just amazing how many Wolfers are rico-
cheting around the offices these days—six new people? Or
is it seven? New sightings continue around the clock. Stay

tuned.

Special Thanks to:

Wes "Billchucker" Harris, for finally getting that
window office he always wanted.

Rebecca "Hidden Talent" Schaeffer, for showing us
how to whip that ol' pea in there.

Danny "Rudolf" Landers, for the condition of his
unprotected nose after a day of softball practice.
Michael "Fiction Faction" Krause, for deciding it
was time to whip the line into shape.

Louvie "Long Way to New Orleans" Locklear, for
the ways she found to pass the time on the way
south.

Ohsoon "All Mine!" Shropshire, for the
undescribable joy of no longer having to share an
office with Mike.

Keith "Be a Nice Guy" Winkler, for discovering
what his main job requirement is.

Heidi "How Long is Lunch?" Von Allmen, for her
first encounter with White Wolf eating habits.
Diane "Shady Character" Zamojski, for not getting

a sunburn while cheering us on.

©1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights
reserved.Reproduction without written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purpose of
reviews. L.A. by Night and Vampire the Masquerade are
trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All characters, names,
places, and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.
Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.


Chapter One: The Big Orange
Chapter Two: History
Chapter Three: Geography
Chapter Four: The Damned
Chapter Five: The Politics of Anarchy

Chapter Six: Welcome to the Free States

Contents

19

35

ol



- Chapter One: .
The Big Orange

Los Angeles isa difficult city to define. According to the
many authors who flocked here in the '30s to write for the
movie companies, L.A. isa land of lotus-eaters, lacking both
on and the
movies, it is a land of sex-crazed blonde bombshells and

culture and aesthetics. According to tele
power-crazed young movie executives. According to the
media, it is a vast wasteland of ghettoes, where vicious gangs
struggle with each other among the ruins of their riot-torn
communitie:

All of these views, warped as they are, have an element
oftruth in them, but they don't begin to truly define L.A. In
the end, L.A. may turn out to be undefinable in the usual
ways. This is because L.A. is much better thought ofias a
collection of interdependent communities than as-agtradi-
tional city. Burbank has a definable identity, as does Santa
Monica. To think of both of those two markedly different
communities as both being part of the same city is absurd, yet
this is also the case. The greater Los Angeles area comprises
a huge mish-mash of communities, governments, religious
and ethnic groupings, credos, philosophies and architectural
styles.

The area's diversity usually dazzles newcomers, and is
both L.A.'s strength and its weakness. Almost anyone com-
ing here can find a community to be a part of, and L.A. has
grown and profited from the hard work of its immigrants. On
the other hand, reaching a consensus among the disparate
groups populating L.A. is practically impossible. Ethnic and
religious differences tear the city apart, and there doesn't
seem to be much hope of finding a solution in the near future.

How to Use This
Book

Obviously, the main purpose of this book is to provide
Storytellers with everything they need to set their chronicles
in the Anarch Free States. Although it mostly concerns itself
with Los Angeles, it contains the information needed to
su fully communicate the rush that is unlife in the Free
States and give the players an area with a broad enough scope
to build meaningful destinies for their characters. This ap-
plies to more than just vampires: the Free States draw
creatures of all kinds and hold within their borde
packs of lupines and mages' chantries. Information about

everal

these other races is also included here.

But the Free States are more than just a geographical
area. They represent an ideal and a mode of existence that
influences the way Kindred live their unlives all around the
world. The dream that is the Free States can inspire charac-
ters elsewhere to strive to recreate its good parts in their own
cities, or to flee their oppressive environments for a better
existence.

The Revolt that broke out in L.A. in 1944 is not over,
and itdidnotstop in Los Angeles. All over the world, anarchs
are striving to overthrow their princes and the elders who
support them. As characters succeed in destroying the princes
who oppress them, Storytellers are going to be faced with the

Chapter One: The Big Orange


problem of dealing with cities whose political makeup has
completely changed. By altering a few place names, this book
can be a model for any city that has suddenly lost its prince,
most of its elders and all of its internal structures.

Contents

The Free States are a complex mosaic of interlocking
people, places and philosophies. To make the setting as easy
to understand as possible, L.A. by Night is divided into six
chapters. Chapter One provides an overview of the Free
States, including the various cultural and political institu-
tions which make them unique. Chapter Two provides a
history of the Los Angeles area and gives the Storyteller some
idea of how the Free States came to be. Chapter Three
describes the political geography of the Free States. Chapter
Four presents a number of the area's major Kindred. Chapter
Five describes the gangs that dominate political life in the
Free States. Chapter Six isa short story designed to introduce
players to unlife in the Free States.

Theme

Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.

— attributed to John Curran, 1790

Los Angeles and the rest of the Anarch Free States have
indeed won their freedom. The Kindred can now exist
without continually worrying about how the prince feels, and
express themselves to each other without fear that they are
actually talking to an agent of the primogen. But that
freedom was won at a considerable price. Many Kindred died
the Final Death in order to ensure that the Free States would
be born, and the price is still being paid, both in the Free
States and elsewhere.

It was not enough just to kill the prince and his coterie
and to chase the primogen out of Los Angeles. There will
always be those who feel that they are destined to tell others
how to live their unlives and who wish to govern without the
consent of the governed. The Free States are a magnet for
these would-be demagogues, the most notorious of whom
reside in the pages of this book, and for others who will spring
from the events that the Storyteller will create. The Kindred
of the Free States, and the characters in particular, are
continually called upon to combat these threats to freedom.
So the theme of unlife in Los Angeles comes in the form of
a question: are the characters prepared to pay the price of
liberty?

Mood

To the uninitiated, life in Los Angeles seems laid back,
an easy stroll alonga sunset-tinged beach; indeed, Angelenos
are often referred to as "lotus-eaters." Those familiar with
L.A., however, know that nothing could be further from the
truth. Life in Los Angeles is a black Camaro roaring through
a35 MPH zone at 90, and that is the mood you must convey
to your players. Nothing in Los Angeles stays the same for
very long. The stars of tonight become flaming meteors by

LA. by Night


morning. Fashions considered de rigueur last week will be
passé tomorrow, and businesses appear and disappear seem-
ingly overnight.

This is particularly true for the Kindred of L.A., where
the vampire on top of the heap tonight may well be found
staked to the garbage heap in the morning. Keep the pace fast
and the mood frenzied. If the characters stop fora second, hit
them with something new. Los Angeles is badly overcrowded,
and there are always vampires out there who would be happy
tokill them just for their vitae. The characters are now living
in anarchy, and no one is going to take care of them if they
cannot take care of themselves.

Personal Touches

The same spirit of anarchy and continual change also
makes it easy to adapt L.A. to fit the needs of any chronicle.
This book describes the situation in L.A. as it stands tonight,
butthe only thing in L.A. thatone can be sure of is that it will
be different tomorrow. If a Storyteller wants a different
political setup, she should feel free to change it. If she wants
the Sabbat running L.A., then perhaps the 1965 siege suc-
ceeded, or, more interestingly, move up the timetable for the
next siege and have this one succeed. On the other hand, the
Camarilla may bring its Justicars and archons against the Free
States tomorrow night, and force a new prince down the
throats of the anarchs.

The gangs that rule the Free States are particularly
amenable to change, since they continually scheme against
one another over territory. The scheming often ends in open
warfare between the gangs — the stakes are sharpened, vitae
flows freely and eventually boundary lines are redrawn.

It is very likely that the characters will want to find an
outlying area that they can claim for themselves, in which
case they must be prepared to a) take it away from whomever
controls it now, and b) defend it against newcomers who will
want to take it from them. This can make for a wonderful
chronicle, as the characters attempt to ally with other Kin-
dred in the area and build a lasting domain for themselves.

So make of this new experiment in freedom what you
will. The future of L.A. is far from clear, and you and your

players are going to be the ones to chart it.

City of the Angels

Los Angeles is unlike any other city in the world today.
It has no prince and no primogen. Although members of
every known clan reside within its borders, it is not ruled by
the Camarilla, the Sabbat, or any other group. Although it is
one of the most dangerous cities in the world, vampires from
all over the globe flock to it. It is the center of a new culture
for the Kindred, a new experiment in whether they can live
together without a prince to keep them from one another's
throats.

Los Angeles faces some huge challenges in this experi-
ment. The promise of freedom from tyranny continually
attracts new vampires to the region, and the strain on the
local resources shows. With a population of 3,485,000 mor-
tals, the actual City of Los Angeles can comfortably support
approximately 35 vampires, while the greater Los Angeles
Metropolitan area can support up to 140 or so. It is obvious
that witha population of almost 250 blood-seeking vampires,
the L. A. area represents a classic case of overcrowding.

This has caused a number of problems. With so many
vampires roaming the night-shrouded streets of Los Angeles,
accidents are bound to occur, and "unexplained phenomena"
are rife. Nowhere is the Masquerade as fragile as in Los
Angeles, and as far as anyone knows there is no overall
authority to make sure that these problems get properly
disposed of. Still, in spite of this lack, most of the local
Kindred have displayed enormous responsibility in guarding
against the destruction of the Masquerade.

From the Outside

Los Angeles is a giant Rorschach inkblot, on which the
viewer can imprint whatever patterns fit his vision of the
world. It is a financial giant and a failed economic experi-
ment, a "nice place to raise the kids" and a cesspool of urban
decay. How you see L.A. depends very much on what you
look for. This is especially true among the Kindred, who differ
radically from one another in their views of L.A. and the Free
States.

Anarchs

The anarch community is of two minds about the Free
States, just as it is about everything else. Most anarchs, particu-
larly in the United States, see the Free Statesas the closest thing
toapromised land they have. They see themselves as oppressed
at every turn, and here is seemingly the answer to all their
prayers: adomain with none of Machiavelli's Brats, no decrepit
elders, in fact no Camarilla at all.

Those defeated by the system, whoare on the run from the
agents of their prince, see the Free States represent the ultimate
haven, where they can finally stop constantly looking over their
shouldersand jumping at every shadow. For those whostill have
the will to fight, the Free States stand as a powerful reminder
that the rule of the elders is not inviolable. With sufficient
determination and ingenuity, it is possible to overthrow princes,
primogens and the whole rotten Camarilla structure.

Some Idealist Brujah, however, feel that Jeremy MacNeil
and the Free States' anarchs betrayed their heritage. They
originally viewed the Free States as an opportunity to rebuild
the Golden Age that the Brujah once knew in Carthage, butas
time went by and all they saw were continually feuding gangs
at each other's throats, they became disenchanted. Some argue
that this is MacNeil's failure for not having offered sufficient
leadership, while others fear that some inherent flaw in the
makeup of the Brujah has made them incapable of reaching
their golden ideal.

Chapter One: The Big Orange


The Camarilla

Allof the things that make the Free States so important
to the anarchs makes them anathema to the Camarilla. The
Camarilla stands for stability; the Free States stand for
anarchy. The Camarilla prefers hierarchy; the Free States
promote equality. The Camarilla provides safety in exchange
for servitude; the Free States offer freedom at considerable
tisk.

The Free States represent a significant danger to the
Camarilla. Every night in which the Free States fail to
collapse is further proof that life without princes is not only
desirable, but possible. Just by succeeding and continuing the
Free States thumb their noses at the Camarilla, which insists
that the Kindred are incapable of ruling themselves without
princes and primogens.

Kindred from all over the world look to the Free States
and wonder whether it could happen in their city, and the
anarchs of L.A. are doing everything in their power to help.
Vampires such as Salvador and Smiling Jack travel continu-
ally, meeting with anarchs from other cities and spreading
the word. This more than anything terrifies the Camarilla—
the idea that the Revolt isn't over yet.

The Free States represent another concern for the
Camarilla, based as it is on the belief that the long-term safety
of the Kindred requires the maintenance of the Masquerade,
which depends on Kindred following the lead of their elders
can the Masquerade be safely maintained. The Camarilla
fears that if the anarchs are allowed to run wild in the streets,
they cannot help but destroy the Masquerade and bring down
destruction on all of the Kindred.

One of the arguments Camarilla elders use to justify
their concern about the Masquerade in the Free States is rise
of superstitious behavior among the mortals. Belief in astrol-
ogy, crystals, the Tarot and pyramid power is on the increase
in the United States, and with it a renewed belief in the
supernatural — and in vampires. The elders point out that
much of this New Age nonsense comes out of the Free States,
probably from mortals who have witnessed some fool of an
anarch displaying his powers and misunderstood what they
saw. The Brujah do not have a very good counter-argument
to this.

Even with this concern and anger about the Free States,
individual princes in the U.S. differ in their approach to
them. The princes of the Mid- and Southwest, whose realms
are most accessible to anarch agents, stand absolutely firm in
their hatred of the Free States and in their resolve that
something must be done about the problem. The princes of
the East, who are further removed from the chaos of the Free
States and who tend to be more powerful in the Camarilla,
acknowledge the danger but are privately pleased that they
exist. They see the Free States as an important safety valve,
reasoning that if rebellious anarchs have somewhere to go
when they get unhappy, they are less likely to stay in a
prince's city and cause trouble.

This dichotomy has crippled Camarilla efforts to take a
standon the Free States, but the western princes have increased
their pressure on the Camarilla to do something to at least stop
the flow of agents provocateurs out of L.A. The issue was
brought before the Camarilla again in 1984. At that time, the
elderscontented themselves with ordering the Nosferatu Justicar
Petrodon to begin covert operations against the Free States as
the first move towards a forceful takeover, although they
cautioned him to be very careful.

Petrodon immediately began to gather minions together,
and successfully insinuated agents into the Free States. He has
also brought several archons to San Francisco, on the northern
edge of the Free States, to guard against anarch incursions while
he awaits the decision of the Inner Circle, which will not meet
again until 1997.

That the Camarilla has waited this long to act against the
Free States has not kept individual princes, particularly the
western ones, from sending their own expeditions to try to
disrupt life among the anarchs. The prince of Phoenix has been
particularly active in this regard, and an interesting chronicle
could be built around the efforts of a small band of Camarilla
agents provocateurs to either achieve specific goals set by their
prince, or just do as much general damage to the anarch cause
as possible.

The Sabbat

Los Angeles is a source of enormous frustration for the
Sabbat. About 20 years after the Revolt, the Sabbat, believing
that L.A. was ripe for the plucking, laid siege to the city. The
result wasa disastrous failure, and even now, more than 25 years
later, the Sabbat still can't understand how a handful of
disorganized punks could defeat its highly trained, well-orga-
nized War Parties. Nothing like this had ever happened before,
and those cardinals who survived the unholy wrath of the
Regentstill can't explain why it wasso different in Los Angeles.
If anything, it should have been easier there than elsewhere!

In any case, the Sabbat has maintained a wait-and-see
attitude ever since. Like the Camarilla, it has numerous agents
in the Free States, at least one of whom is very highly placed,
anditisslowly (and much more carefully) preparing foranother
siege. This time it will prevail — possibly with the help of the
characters!

The Lesser Clans

* Assamites — The Assamites are only interested in the Free
Statesasa business opportunity, and even that hasnot proved tobe
very remunerative. In 1955 they accepted acontract from the Inner
Circle on Jeremy MacNeil. Jeremy and Crispus Attucks defeated
the assassin, a high-ranking member of the clan, at the last minute.
Since then the Assamites have refused all contracts on Jeremy, in
spite of highly lucrative offers from both the Camarilla and the
Sabbat. The Assamites still consider other Free States Kindred fair
game, however, and occasionally a vengeance-crazed prince has
offered price for the head of a particularly undesirable anarch
who escaped there.


* The Followers of Set — The Setites have always been
a major force in the Los Angeles area. Before the Revolt a
priestess and a number of acolytes presided over a large and
powerful Temple of Set in Malibu. This was the particular
objective of the Lupines who attacked the Malibu Colony in
1944, and they completely destroyed the temple and its
supporters. The chaos of the Free States proved too much for
the Setites to resist, however, and they returned again in
1969, founding a temple in the Hollywood Hills. That one
was also destroyed, but several other temples have subse-
quently sprung up, each competing with the others in trying
to corrupt the Kindred of the Free States. The tentacles of
corruption reach out deep into the community and even into
City Hall. So far none of the undead leaders in Los Angeles
suspect anything, but a brave and determined band of Kin-
dred could do the Free States a huge favor by rooting out the
Sand-Snakes.

* Giovanni — The Giovanni are very concerned with
recent developments in the Free States, since revolution
tends to interfere with clan business. From their stronghold
in Las Vegas, they see the agents of the revolt moving eastand

have done their best to keep the anarchs out of their town,
but there is little they could do if Jeremy turned his full
attention on Las Vegas. The Giovanni would happily spon-

sor an expedition to find any exploitable weaknesses in the
Free States.

* Ravnos — The Ravnos are very happy in the Free
States. This is one area in the world where they don'tneed to
be worried about persecution by princes, so they tend to
spend more time in the Free States than in other areas of the
country. This has led to some run-ins with the local Kindred,
who object to the con games which are the Ravnos way of life,
but on the whole the Ravnos have found acceptance here.
They also spenda lot of time in Northern California, Oregon
and Washington, where theanarchsstill battle the Camarilla
forcontrol. Some small bands of Ravnos travel the back roads
of the Pacific Northwest, reveling in their freedom and
striking against the Camarilla when they can.

On the Inside
Cultural

Nice, neat communities of well-kept houses and apart-
ments separated by garish strips malls, with occasional pockets
of ghettos or high-rises seem to make up most of Los Angeles,
but not so in the World of Darkness, The Gothic-Punk L.A.
is the fashion center for every style imaginable, and neon and
leather are the materials of the new fashion. If it's going to be
worn, smoked, heard or seen by the rest of the world tomor-
Tow, you can bet it's already on the streets of L.A. tonight.

Most of the vampires the characters meet will be punks,
freaks, skinheads, techno-fetishists, modern primitives, hip
hop fanatics and heavy-metal warriors. The colors of L.A. are
the black of leather and the silver of studs and blades.
Everyone wears shades all the time, and most people go

Chapter One: The Big Orange


armed. While L.A. does havea strong "classical" cultural life,
most of the local Kindred shun it in favor of the punk rock,
rap and heavy metal that blares out of the clubs of West
Hollywood and Downtown. It is in this garish milieu, lit by
neon lights and throbbing to a heavy rock beat, that the
undead thrive in L.A.

Politics

Kindred who have not been there see the Free States as
a vast playground for vampires, where the undead roam as
they will, sup where they please and answer tono one for their
actions. This has never been true, and Kindred who come to
the Free States acting on that assumption will probably not
last long.

A more thorough discussion of the Free States' politics
appears in Chapter Five, but here it is enough to point out
that the vampires divided them into fairly large semi-autono-
mous regions. A gang of vampires, usually led by the oldest,
smartest or strongest, rules each of these.

These regions are referred to by a number of different
terms, such as "domain", "hood", "turf", etc., but this book
uses the term proposed by Jeremy MacNeil, the leader of the
Revolt and the most powerful Brujah in the Free States.
Recalling his youth in 17th-century Great Britain, he sarcas-
tically referred to them as "baronies" and to their leaders as
"barons."

So who rules the Free States? Who watches over the
mortal businesses and government? Who handles the prob-
lems that arise between individual vampires, or between the
gangs? The simple, and not entirely accurate, answer is no
one. Most Kindred, even those who should know better,
think Jeremy MacNeil actually rules the city, even if he does
not refer to himself as prince. Used to thinking of things in
terms of the Camarilla model, they simply cannot compre-
hend a city that actually has no ruler.

The Gangs

Depending on how one defines a gang, the Free States
have up to 13 of these coteries. Ranging in size from six to 25
vampires, most gangs revolve around a single, charismatic
leader. The gangs typically control as large a territory as they
can defend, often comprising more than one city or commu-
nity. Only rarely willa gang permit any non-member vampires
to reside in its territory. Some gangs do permit limited
hunting there by outsiders who secure permission ahead of
time.

Since a gang's size directly relates to the number of
mortals in the barony, the larger the area under control, the
larger the gang and the more clout it has. This simple
equation, coupled with the severe overcrowding among the
Kindred of the Free States, has led to an endless series of
clashes between the various gangs. Gangs are ever-vigilant in
the defense of their territory and when they find interlopers
on their turf they tend to destroy first and not ask questions
at all.

The Garou

The Lupines appear to have a major interest in the area
and are found in far greater numbers than would be expected
this close to a major city. They have cut off the Malibu area,
to the northwest of Los Angeles, and at least one large pack
is thought to be living in Angeles National Forest, to the
north. Mysterious disappearances have even occurred in the
Glendale area, which most Kindred assumed to be much too
populated to support Lupines. With so many werewolves in
such close proximity to so many vampires, the situation is
extremely tense, and clashes between them are becoming
more common.

The Garou arrived in the L.A. area long before the
Kindred. When the first vampire arrived in Los Angeles in
1828, the Uktena had inhabited the area for several thousand
years, guarding a caern they established at Topanga Canyon
in the Santa Monica Mountains.

After the coming of the Europeans, the Uktena retained
their identification with the indigenous population. As the
power of the natives waned, so did the Uktena, though they
can still be found in the Puente and San Jose Hills, east of Los
Angeles. A large number of Hispanic and Indian families also
reside there.

Over the years the activities of both the Kindred and the
Wyrm have severely reduced the Lupines' numbers, but in
recent times they have begun to grow again. The Glass
Walker tribe is currently the most influential tribe in the
area. Although it has only been here for 75 years, they have
already stamped the city with their mark.

Don Leandro and his pack moved to L.A. in 1917. They
sensed the potential of the city, and were as responsible asany
of the Kindred for its explosive growth during the '20s, '30s
and '40s. When the vampires stole the water rights to build
the city, the Glass Walkers took control of the water
elementals. They also own much of the agribusiness in
Southern California, much to the disgust of other werewolves.

With their instinctive understanding of technology and
industry, the Glass Walkers played a major role in making Los
Angeles one of the Allied production centers during World
War II. Most now live in Glendale, near the campus of
Caltech, where some are very active in the high-end electri-
cal engineering going on there.

There are, of course, other tribes in the area. In the early
1930s, a team of Black Fury Freebooters rediscovered the
caern in Topanga Canyon. The caern had waned consider-
ably in power, as had its Uktena guardians. The Freebooters
called for back-up and a number of Black Furies responded.
They have guarded the area ever since, battling the minions
of the Wyrm and the mages who wish to tap the little
remaining energy of the caern. One of the first targets of the
Furies was the Temple of Set, which had corrupted both
Garou and Kindred in the Malibu area.

A huge pack of Bone Gnawers and Uktena live in the
depths of downtown Los Angeles, spreading out into South


Central L.A. There they share the misery of the downtrod-
den inhabitants of the area. A small, secret Hood organization
tries to help the local humans, but the task is far beyond its
ability.

AsLos Angeles grew, it became clearerand clearer to the
Garou that the Wyrm had a major interest in the city. The
stink of corruption rode strongly on the winds that blew out
of the L.A. basin. In response, a pack of the Get of Fenris
moved into the Angeles National Forest, a huge wilderness
preserve lying in the mountains north of Los Angeles. In
1956 they discovered what they believed to be a major Wyrm
caern in the Hollywood Hills. They were preparing to move
against it when the late Robert Allred, a Get Kinfolk who had
become corrupted by the Wyrm, betrayed them and led them
into an ambush.

Very few Get managed to escape back to Angeles Forest,
but those who did swore they would devote the rest of their
lives to avenging their slain brethren. A group of Shadow
Lords, also attracted by the Wyrmstink that Los Angeles
emits so strongly, has joined them. Now they wait, sniffing
the breeze to track down where the Wyrm hides.

The Garou are right. Los Angeles harbors the Wyrm in
her bosom. Here lies the entrance to a large caern of the
Wyrm, whose vileness, leeching up through the soil, isat least
partially responsible for Los Angeles' long history of corrup-
tion and moral turpitude. The Black Spiral Dancers have
long been aware of the caern, and large numbers have moved
in around it.

The Pentex Corporation is, of course, also well-repre-
sented in Los Angeles. Rainbow Inc., a major plastics and
rubber manufacturer anda wholly owned subsidiary of Pentex,
has its international headquarters in the city of Vernon, just
east of Los Angeles. Although technically part of a Kindred
barony claimed by a gang called the "Crypt's Sons," Daniel
Wagner, president of Rainbow Inc. and an agent of the
Wyrm, actually controls the largely industrial city. Rainbow's
headquarters includes both research and manufacturing fa-
cilities.

Through its control of city government, Rainbow is able
to go about its business uninhibited by petty bureaucratic
regulations. As usual for Pentex affiliates, most of the em-
ployees of Rainbow Inc. have no idea of the ultimate goal of
their organization, although many are aware that a great deal
of what they do would not be approved of by OSHA or the
EPA. More than a few of the employees have begun the
transformation into fomori.

Other Pentex corporations with branches in the L.A.
area include Sunburst International (computers), Tellus
Enterprises (video games), and Nastrom Enterprises (aero-
space). Sunburst and Tellus both have their headquarters in
Northern California, but use their offices in West Los Ange-
les to spread the corruption of the Wyrm. In the deserts east
of L.A., Nastrom Enterprises has a huge manufacturing and
test facility where Pentex conducts some of its larger-scale
projects.

The relationship between the Kindred and the Garou in
the L.A. area has never been particularly friendly, and it has
gotten worse as the Garou become increasingly convinced
that complete destruction is the only solution to the foulness
that is Los Angeles. From the Kindred point of view, the
Lupines in the L.A. area pose some particularly difficult
problems. More than half of the greater Los Angeles area is
composed of mountains, and the city is bounded on the
north, east and south by wilderness. This land is almost
completely undeveloped, and as a result, werewolves can
move around and through the area with much greater ease
than in most cities.

Over the past few decades the Kindred have set huge
fires in the wilds, called "burn-offs," intended to suppress the
Lupine population. By burning off thousands (and sometimes
hundreds of thousands) of wilderness acres, they ensure that
the Garou have fewer places to live near the cities, and if an
occasional Lupine is caught by the fire and destroyed, all the
better. The most recent burn-off occurred in October 1993
and was generally regarded by the Kindred as pretty success-
ful.

Pentex has aggravated the tension between the two
groups. Immediately after the last burn-off Nastrom Enter-
prises began "Project Dhole," in which it made contact with
a group of earth elementals hostile to the Garou. Through
them, Nastrom caused the enormous earthquake that devas-
tated the area in mid-January of 1994. In doing so, it left
evidence that the earthquake had actually been the work of
a group of earth elementals associated with the Uktena.

This has not only angered the Kindred, several of whom
died the Final Death when sunlight poured into their previ-
ously light-tight havens but has also strained relationships
among the Garou. The Get of Fenris have accused the
Uktena of moving without warning them, while the Uktena
insist they had nothing to do with it.

Mages
The power of the Malibu caern also drew a number of
mages to Los Angeles. A Verbena coven in existence for
more than 75 years created a chantry deep in the Santa
Monica Mountains, as close to the caern as it dares get.
Aware of the presence of the Lupines, its members avoid
them as much as they can. They know about the
Technomancers who also dwell in the area, but so far have
been unable to do anything about them.

As one would expect, the streets of Hollywood serve as
a home toa number of Hollow Ones and other Orphans still
exploring their strengths. These lost souls might be open to
a partnership with a vampire if a good enough reason were
offered.

The Technomancers have only recently recognized the
importance of Los Angeles, and helped create the city of
Irvine, to the south and east of L-A., out ofa huge ranch. Now
it is an enormous business park with acres of buildings
surrounded by rolling lawns, a veritable cathedral of the

Chapter One: The Big Orange


a

Tre 4

a es

Y

Ks

WS

UY

SS

Technocracy. Behind its mirrored windows, the Big Brother
Convention goes about its task of making the world ready for
Ascension by reducing humanity to its lowest common
denominator.

The Technomancers are far too concerned about the
New World Order to take a hand in local politics, on either
the mortal or Kindred level, and while they assume that there
must be other mages in the area, they do not seem terribly
concerned about them.

Mortal Los Angeles

Business

Many people have wondered how American business
can compete against the Japanese corporations, which typi-
cally run ona 100- or 200-year plan. Little do they know that
most businesses in the U.S. are controlled by creatures who
not only have a 500-year plan, but who plan to be there to
administer it!

In the typical Camarilla model, the prince or one of his
lieutenants dominates a city's businesses. The prince has

his own economic well-being to that of the city, and has
ample reason for wanting its economic affairs orderly, pre-
dictable and profitable.

Of course, sometimes the best plans of even the most
canny vampires go wrong, but on the whole most princes
manage to maintain a healthy, stable environment for the
businesses of their city — if not for the mortals.

Not so in the Free States. While individual businesses
have operated under the administration of specific vampires
(a vampire brought the movie industry to Hollywood and
dominated it for its first 30 years), for more than 45 years no
single entity has overseen L.A.'s business world.

New enterprises find it much easier to start up here, and
old ones find it much easier to go out of business. Competi-
tion between similar businesses is far more cutthroat than it
iselsewhere, and very little "protection" is available for those
who see their customers stolen away by younger, more aggres-
sive firms. As a result, the business environment in Los
Angeles has been far less stable, and far more sensitive to
sudden shifts in the national economy. When the nation as
a whole is doing well, Los Angeles leads the pack. When the
economy does poorly, Los Angelesslides into the pit first, and
slides in deeper than do other areas of the country.

The presence of powerful gangs in the outlying
means that this situation varies considerably across the
Southland. The involvement of the local gangs in their local
business affairs differs from barony to barony, depending on
the nature of the gang and its baron. In some areas, such as
West Los Angeles, the gangs have taken a direct hand in the
local businesses. In others, such as Long Beach, the businesses
have been left alone. A perspicacious analyst could probably
chart the extent and nature of the individual gangs by the
business environments in the various communities.

eas


Government

The situation with the mortal governments within the
Free States differs slightly. Shortly after the gangs formed,
some of the more alert leaders realized they could do them-
selves good and their enemies harm by using the various city
governments to their advantage. If the government of an
opponent's city could be convinced to enforce an early
curfew, for example, hunting would become significantly
more difficult and hinder her ability to recruit new followers.
This resulted in a continuing free-for all in the numerous city
halls that dot the Free States.

Some vampires are much more effective at this than
others. Where Kindred influence is weak, municipal govern-
ments tend to react to the crises of the moment, in the typical
mortal fashion. Other municipalities, controlled by a single
strong entity, follow a more stable course — geared towards
the needs of the Kindred rather than the kine. Still others,
like the City of Los Angeles itself, have competing Kindred
controlling various aspects of the government, and tend to
veer sharply as one side wins a temporary victory over the
other.

Until recently, the government of the City of Los
Angeles itself was thought to be relatively free of Kindred
influence. Jeremy did not seem to have much interest in
involving himself in mortal affairs, and most assumed thatno
one else would dare to use the L.A. government for her own

purposes. The L.A. riots of 1992, however, showed that the
Kindred had been badly mistaken.

The LAPD responded to the riots with uncharacteristic
restraint, and when it finally did respond, it did so inad-
equately. The mobilization of the National Guard was slow
and disorganized. It was clear to the anarch leaders that
something was doing everything it could to keep the riots
going for as long as possible. As soon as the riots were over,
the anarchs moved to clean out City Hall: the Mayor and
Chief of Police were both removed, and new ones put in
place. Hopefully, it will now be more difficult for individual
vampires to use the L.A. government against other Kindred.

Traveling to Los Angeles

The last freedom — freedom to flee.
— Berliner Illustrirte

The differences of opinion within the Camarilla con-
cerning the Free States find their most obvious expression in
how difficult a prince will make it for an anarch to escape
there. The farther east a city is, the more likely a prince is to
encourage troublemakers to "go west, young vampire." The
farther , and consequently the greater the danger from the
Free States, the more likely a prince is to hinder anarchs. This
creates severe hazards for Kindred trying to make their way
across the country to safety.

Chapter One: The Big Orange


Crispus Attucks, who well remembers his experiences
with the Underground Railroad during the Civil War, has
made it his crusade to help anarchs escape. To that end he
spends a lot of time in the Mid- and Southwest, where the
princes are less inclined to allow free passage.

Road Travel

The most dangerous way of getting into the Free States
is by road. The princes of Tucson, Phoenix, Reno and Boise
are all very concerned about the burgeoning population of
the Free States and do everything they can to stop it. "Special
agents" of the Highway Patrol often stop and search trucks
passing through Arizona, Nevada and Idaho for "illegal
goods." Suspiciously human-shaped boxes are removed and
opened, and their contents "confiscated."

Agents stop selected cars driving at night and anyone
traveling by foot after dark. Obviously these agents can't be
everywhere, but they have been remarkably successful at
stopping the passage of Kindred through their territories and
into the Free States. Crispus Attucks, on the other hand, has
killed a number of agents.

Rail Travel

Railroads, though significantly safer than road travel,
can still be fairly hazardous. Scheduling a passenger trip to
travel only at night can be extremely difficult, so most
Kindred choose to travel in the freight cars. This leaves them
vulnerable to "baggage inspectors" in the big southwestern
cities, who make random checks for Kindred trying to slip
into the Free States.

Air Travel

Flying is by far the safest way to travel to the Free States.
Allofthe large eastern cities have convenient evening flights
to Los Angeles that bypass the southwestern cities. Most of
these flights, and all international flights, come into Los
Angeles International Airport (LAX). The airport is techni-
cally in Crypt's Sons territory, but Jeremy has made it very
clear that it is strictly neutral ground, and he tolerates no
killing there. Once a vampire has left the airport itself,
however, she is fair game, and a number of hopeful immi-
grants to the Free States have met their end within sight of
what they thought was their gateway to freedom.

Los Angeles also has three smaller, regional airports
which get direct flights from major cities around the country.
Burbank, Ontario and Orange County (John Wayne Air-
port) are all much safer places to land than LAX, although
there are fewer night flights into these airports, and baggage
handling is somewhat more primitive.

San Diego International Airport (also known as
Lindbergh Field) is also served by many international and
most domestic carriers, but it is not used very much by the
Kindred, since L.A. is the destination of choice among most
anarchs headed to the Free States.

Sea Travel

Only rarely do Kindred arrive in Los Angeles by sea any
more, although it can (for a price) be made simple, safe and
convenient. For $10,000 FOB, David Geduld (see Chapter
Four) will arrange all of the details of the trip from any port
in the Continental U. S. (slightly less for West Coast cities
and Hawaii and Alaska), and see to safe unloading at the Port
of Los Angeles. Due to the expense and additional time
involved, this means of transportation is rarely used, except
by older Kindred who have not been able to accustom
themselves to airplanes.

Getting Around Los Angeles

"Freedom of movements the prime symbolic attribute of the
Angel City."

—Reyner Banham, Los Angeles: The Architecture of
Four Ecologies

Los Angeles' love for the automobile defines the city
more than anything else. As far back as 1930, L.A. had more
cars per person than anywhere else in the world, and things
haven't changed much since then. Los Angeles grew up and
developed around the automobile. Kindred from the East
express amazement at the huge amount of land encompassed
by the metropolitan area, but to Angelenos there is nothing
surprising about this. As longas everything you need is within
20 minutes travel, what difference does it make whether you
spend that 20 minutes walking a few blocks or driving 10
miles?

The freeways make it possible for Los Angeles to main-
tain some cohesion in spite of its vast size. It has one of the
best freeway systems in the world, and while Angelenos
grumble about the congestion and smog, the fact is that Los
Angeles could not exist without it. L.A.'s congestion prob-
lem is serious but rarely bothers the Kindred, who usually
don't take to the highway until after the rush hour ends. A
vampire can leave Hollywood or Downtown at 10 p.m. and
be in the heart of the San Fernando Valley in less than 30
minutes. This lets the Kindred enjoy large hunting areas, and
allows the city to support far more vampires than usual..

What this means, however, is that life (and unlife) in Los
Angeles is impossible without a car. The distances involved
in even the simplest trip make the regular use of taxis
economically unfeasible; for the same reason, public trans-
portation in Los Angeles has been until recently an ongoing
joke. The car is (at the moment) the only way to survive in
L.A., and the Angelenos place great stock in their automo-
biles.

What kind of car one drives is a major part of one's status
in L.A., and this is as true for Kindred as it is for kine.
Generally the more expensive a car the better, but the
anarchs of Hollywood tend to sneer at Jaguars and Mercedes
and prefer either Harleys or tricked-out Mustangs and Chevys
from the '60s. Beautifully painted small pickups are the rage
in East L.A., and vampires of South Central Los Angeles tend


to be found in Camaros and Firebirds. Newcomers to L.A.
would be well advised to equip themselves with an appropri-
ate car as soon as possible.

While itis true that public transportation in Los Angeles
has been an running joke, that is in the process of changing.
Believe it or not, L.A. hasa functional subway system. At the
moment it consists of roughly three miles of tunnels under
downtown L.A., and can be ridden end to end in about seven
minutes. However, the system is being extended quickly, and

by the end of the century should provide Angelenos with safe,
convenient transportation throughout the L.A. area.
| Obviously, the Kindred enthusiastically ‘endorée' this
system. The Nosferatu are especially pleased to have a method
of transportation that is completely underground. The tun-
nels, many of them currently incomplete and wandering off
to nowhere, offer the Storyteller a number of interesting
locales for adventures. After all, the trains only run every 10
minutes, and they do not run at all at night.

Reference Books

American Automobile Association, California Nevada

Tourbook.

Norman Dash, Yesterday's Los Angeles

Federal Writer's Project, The WPA Guide to California

Jankowski, Martin Sanchez, Islands in the Street: Gangs and
American Urban Society

McFarland & Company, Los Angeles County Historical Direc-
tory 1988
MeWilliams, Carey, Southern California Country; An Island

on the Land

Nadeu, Remi, City Makers

Newmark, Harris, Sixty Years in Southern California

OFlaherty, Joseph S., An Endand a Beginning: the South Coast

and Los Angeles 1850-1887

Padilla, Felix M., The Gang as an American Enterprise

Reid, David (editor), Sex, Death and God in L.A.

Rieff, David, Los Angeles: Capital of the Third World

Robinson, W.W., Los Angeles From the Days of the Pueblo
Smith, Jack, The Big Orange
Starr, Kevin, Material Dreams: Southen California Through

the 1920s

Taylor, Carl S., Dangerous Society

Vigil, James Diego, Barrio Gangs: Street Life and Identity in
Southern California

Weaver, John D., Los Angeles: The Enormous Village 1781-
1981

Webb, Margot, Coping With Street Gangs

Writers Program of the WPA of Southern California, Los
Angeles: A Guide to the City and Its Environs

Fiction
The Ford, Mary Austin
The Day of the Locust, Nathanael West
The Drowning Pool et al., Ross Macdonald

The Big Nowhere, The Black Dahlia, L.A. Confidential, Fare-
well My Lovely et al., Raymond Chandler

Movies
The Decline of Western Civilization I @ II
To Live and Die in L.A.
The Boyz 'N' the Hood (excellent view of life in the L.A.
ghettos)
Chinatown (for its view of the early Los Angeles water wars)
Grand Canyon (life in L.A. as seen by Hollywood)
L.A. Story (farcical look at Los Angeles, great views of the
city)
The Lost Boys (surfer dudes in Long Beach and environs)
The Player (behind the scenes at the dream factories)
Down and Out in Beverly Hills
Hollywood Wives
Born in East L.A.
Blade Runner
Barton Fink
Valley Girl
Xanadu
Roller Boogie

Television
L.A. Law (life in the glass boxes; watch for the influence of
the Wyrm)
Enos (the real L.A. law)
South Ceneral
Beverly Hills 90210
Melrose Place
The Beverly Hillbillies
CHiPs

Chapter One: The Big Orange



Chapter Two: ~
History

Indians now known as the Gabrielinos originally settled
the area that later be
from Mission San Gabriel Archangel, which was built near

ame Los Angeles. Their name comes

their villages when the Spaniards came and which was largely
responsible for wiping them out. Technologically undevel-
oped, the Gabrielinos had no agriculture, a crude calendar
and only a little pottery. They were also a very peaceful
people who lived by hunting, gathering and trading with
their more sophisticated brethren to the north and east.

Arrival of the White Men

Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo broke their splendid isolation
when he sailed into San Pedro Bay in 1542. Cabrillo later
went on to explore Northern California in the late 1500s. By
the end of the 1600s, enthusiastic Jesuit priests had founded
missions along the southern part of the coast.

While Spain was colonizing the western hemisphere,
Spanish agents in St. Petersburg, Russia, senta message to the
king. The Russians were planning to establish colonies in
North America! The information turned out to be wrong —
except for a small Russian excursion into Alaska in 1741 —
but it forced the acquisitive Spanish to pay more attention to
the far reaches of their empire.

A man named Andres Burriel collected 50 years' worth

of explorers' diaries, reports, church documents, etc., both for
and against colonization. From this he composed and pre-
sented Noticia del California, which threatened the Spanish
with eternal damnation if they did not colonize the coast of
California.

The Spanish took Burriel's work to heart. Already in the
midst of colonizing the northern half of the West Coast when
the Noticia was published in 1757, they stepped up their
efforts. The militant Jesuits who had run the missions were

expelled and replaced with the gentler Franciscans, most
notably Father Junipero Serra.

Ths Jemuits had wot rtaken  theix expulsionswell and
ving. The Francis
to build more missions, but the existing, now-impoverished

ransacked the missions before le: cans wanted

ones did not have much to offer in the way of monetary
support. In Mexico, Inspector General Jose de Galvez, the
new military governor Gaspar de Portola, Father Serra, army
engineer Miguel Costanso and naval captain Vicente Vila
met and formulated a plan. Father Serra convinced his
compatriots that they could succeed.

From January 1769 to November 1777, the group made
various forays up and down the California coast in an attempt
toestablish settlements. It was not an easy task. Atone point,
Governor Portola advised the leaders in Spain that they
ought to punish the Rus
place!

Once again, the dogged Father Serra intervened. Al-
though by now tired and sick, he was apparently eloquent on
behalf of those who had struggled so hard and given up their
lives to make the new colony a reality. A plan was forged that
ultimately led to the founding of Los Angeles. It was simple,
really — all they had to do was create a new overland route
to California.

ns by letting them have the damn

Chapter Two: History


Juan Bautista de Anza, a 37-year-old border captain, was
tapped to head up the task. He and 34 soldiers crossed the
desert and climbed through the San Jacinto Mountains,
arriving at Mission San Gabriel in March 22, 1774. A second
expedition, comprising 205 men, women, and children and
over 1,000 animals, began its journey in October 1775 and
arrived at the mission on January 4, 1776. As the new
settlement grew, semi-nomadic Indians realized the value of
regular sustenance and migrated to the area.

The new governor of California, Felipe de Neve, created
northern and southern farming pueblos (pwayb-lows) with
land for housing, gardens and farming, and a central plaza,
not unlike cities in Spain. He paid male settlers a small salary
and granted them anallowance toward their families' rations.
Fourteen families — 68 people in all — founded San Jose on
November 29, 1777.

Eleven families totaling 44 people, less than half the
number Neve had hoped for, agreed to found the southern
pueblo. It was quite a collection: two family heads who
claimed Spanish heritage, two Africans, one mestizo (a mix
of Indian and European), one mulatto (a mix of African and
European), one chino (a mix of Indian and African) and four
American Indians. Their wives were either Indian or mu-
latto. This group traveled north to San Gabriel where, on
September 4, 1781, they founded El Pueblo de Nuestra
Senora la Reina de Los Angeles de Porciuncula, the City of
Our Lady Queen of the Angels of Porciuncula— Los Ange-
les.

In traditional Spanish fashion, the area around the
pueblo of Los Angeles that was not controlled by the mission
was broken up into huge tracts of land and divided among
about 20 hidalgos or landowners. They planted grain, vine-
yards and orchards, making use of the local Indian population
as slave labor. Unconcerned with events outside of their
borders (the transition from a Spanish to a Mexican govern-
ment in 1822 went almost unnoticed in Los Angeles), the
Angelenos lived a simple, uncomplicated life.

The Coming of Christopher

Allthat changed on Christmas Day of 1828. The Ameri-
can brig Danube, sailing from Boston to points unknown, was
wrecked in San Pedro Bay during terrible storm. The locals
fought valiantly to rescue as many of the crew and passengers
as they could, and to salvage as much of the cargo as possible.
Part of that cargo was a long, coffin-shaped box which the
owner seemed particularly anxious to recover.

In typical hacienda fashion, local landowners took in the
28 survivors. The box's owner, a Yankee named Jack Turpin,
was given shelter on the rancho owned by Don Sebastian Juan
Dominguez and his family. Unfortunately for the good Don,
the box held the body of Christopher Houghton, a 200-year-
old vampire with the face of an angel, the cunning of a
Toreador elder, and the psyche of a 13-year old.

Christopher had been cast out of Massachusetts for what
amounted to artistic differences, blown horribly out of pro-

portion by the over-refined sensibilities of the Toreadors. He
had fled Boston with their laughter ringing in his ears,
searching fora place where a true artist could be appreciated.
Disgusted with both the Old World and the New, he had
planned to force the Danube to take him to distant Cathay,
where he was sure he would receive the respect he felt he
deserved.

Upon arising from his sleep and finding his plans frus-
trated once again, Christopher completely lost it. He killed
Turpin, the one ghoul retainer who had followed him into
exile, and slaughtered the entire Dominguez family with the
exception of Don Sebastian, who fled and hid in a chicken
coop. When Christopher eventually recovered from his
frenzy, he hunted down Don Sebastian, explained the situa-
tion and made him his ghoul. Christopher stayed on the
rancho, feeding on the local Indians and making his plans.

He finally decided that he was going to turn this sleepy
little village into a new Carthage and show those East Coast
decadents the way a city should be run. Scores of vampires
would look to him for artistic leadership and call him master.

The first thing he needed was a secure base, since local
missionaries had already begun to look upon the rancho with
considerable suspicion. In 1834, by carefully wielding the not
inconsiderable power of Don Sebastian, Christopher con-
vinced Governor Figueroa to go ahead with the long-planned
and long-delayed "secularization" of the missions. Their
lands were seized and their assets sold, and by 1844 the entire
mission system had been dismantled.

For the first time in his 200-year unlife, Christopher
found himself without any parental figure, without anyone to
tell him what to do or threaten his safety. Predictably, he
went wild. For the next 35 years, Christopher indulged
himself in every debauchery which he had seen practiced in
the vice dens of Europe, but which his straitlaced master had
never allowed.

Don Sebastian's once-pristine rancho became an abat-
toir, ruled by a golden-haired, wild-eyed demon drunk with
his freedom and power. He lived there with just Don Sebastian
as his retainer until 1853, when he discovered and Embraced
Joaquin Murietta. From that point on Joaquin was always at
his side, transferring his fanatical hatred of mankind in
general to Christopher's enemies.

The United States' acquisition of California in 1847 was
an almost accidental by-product of the Mexican-American
War. Although he had very little involvement in the war, he
welcomed thisdevelopmentsince it brought newsettlers into
the region. While the discovery of gold in northern Califor-
nia in 1848 at first caused a huge drop in the population of Los
Angeles, settlers flocking to the city quickly replaced those
who went seeking gold.

Kindred scholars have noted that communities often
take on the complexion of the Kindred who dwell there, and
that is certainly the case for Los Angeles. From 1845 until
1870, Los Angeles had the reputation of being one of the
most debauched towns in America. Statistics indicate that by


1855 the remaining Indians in Los Angeles suffered severely
from communicable diseases, most notably syphilis, compli-
ments of the white population.

Robbing Native Americans of their land was not limited
to the East and Midwest. In 1836, the Californians forced
what was left of the original village of Yangna into a segre-
gated area of what is now downtown Los Angeles. In 1845,
the police commission recommended that the native Ameri-
cans be "relocated" on the heights above the Los Angeles
River toa village called Pueblito, or "little town." In 1847 the
village was razed and the natives reduced to working as
servants. Those who were not indentured were captured and
auctioned off as slaves.

The new settlers became known as los diablos ("the
devils"), and included some of the worst human garbage in
the Southwest. Christopher's "new Carthage" attracted dis-
appointed prospectors, thieves, murderers and degenerates of
every kind. Homicides averaged one per day, and murdered
Indians were not included in that number. Los Angeles
probably had more gambling dens, saloons and brothels per
capita than anywhere else in the country. What very little
law there was came in the form of lynch gangs, who tended
to string up the most convenient (and often racially undesir-
able) suspect.

Christopher's Dream

Things suddenly changed for Christopher — and Los
Angeles — in 1870. One night the realization struck that he
was wasting his unlife and dissipating his precious resources.
He had lost his dream of the new Carthage in an orgy of blood.
He needed to build a city that would attract the kind of
vampires to make his city a Mecca for artists of every kind.

Unaware that he was being manipulated powers infi-
nitely more powerful than himself, Christopher began to
change; with him, so did Los Angeles. The last lynching
occurred in 1871, while book stores, libraries and dancing
academies began appearing.

If Los Angeles was going to become everything Christo-
pher wanted, it needed more people to support those new
vampires. Just 5,000 people lived there, and only the city's
huge mortality rate had allowed Joaquin and Christopher to
hide their depredations.

Christopher also resolved that until he was completely
ready, no one would know who the true master of Los Angeles
was. His humiliation at the hands of the Boston Toreador 40
years earlier still burned in him, and he refused to put himself
in that situation again. Don Sebastian, who still maintained
considerable power in California, would become his "front
man" and govern the city as his regent. On December 25,
1870, 42 years to the day after he landed, Christopher granted
Don Sebastian immortality and crowned him Prince of Los
Angeles.

Through Don Sebastian and an increasing network of
flunkies, Christopher began the process of turning a small
town with a mediocre future into the Los Angeles that we

Chapter Two: History

21

2

2

know today. They successfully lobbied for federal funds,
beating out San Diego, to build a deep-water harbor in San
Pedro Bay. By using a combination of bribery, threats and
Domination, they convinced Southern Pacific Railroad to
puta line through to Los Angeles in 1876, and in 1885 the
Santa Fe Railway also connected to Los Angeles.

As a result of Christopher's manipulation of the "Big
Four" (the men who ran California's railways), the Santa Fe
and the Southern Pacific started a rate war. Rates dropped so
low that people couldn't afford not to come: in 1869 the fare
from Chicago to California had been $130, in 1887 (fora few
hours) it dropped to $1. A huge advertising campaign, mostly
funded by Southem Pacific, convinced people that Califor-
nia was the Promised Land.

Christopher's plan worked. In 1880, Los Angeles had a
population of 11,000 people. By 1900, the population was
100,000, and by 1912 it was 300,000. When the city itself
filled up, speculators and developers laid out huge new
communities, some of which even came into existence.

Built in a semi-arid wasteland, the biggest problem the
new city faced was water. By 1900 L.A.
supplies would no longer serve. If his city was going to keep

underground water

growing, Christopher had to find a new source of water.
He sent agents into the Owens Valley, north of L.A., to
covertly option and then purchase a checkerboard of proper-
ties, He then created a false water shortage, actually dumping
huge amounts of water into the sewers, and frightened the
citizens of L.A. into voting for a Water Bond act. With the
money thus raised, the Owens Valley Aqueduct was built,
which siphoned the water into the San Fernando Valley.
The resulting desiccation of Owens Valley did not
concern Christopher, however. With water that now be-
longed to Los Angeles streaming through the San Fernando
Valley, the independent cities of the Valley had a choice:
become part of Los Angeles and enjoy the water supply, or
remain independent and wither away. They joined up.

The Kindred Arrive

As Los Angeles grew, a steady stream of Kindred began
to flow into the city. Originally these were refugees from the
better-established Kindred community in San Francisco, as
the Ventrue there continued to pressure the Brujah and other
anarchs. In Don Sebastian they found a stern but fair prince,
one who did not care what anyone had done elsewhere, as
long as all obeyed his rules while they were in his domain.

As elder Kindred made their way to Los Angeles, the
Camarilla began to make itself felt, and Don Sebastian was
acknowledged as prince. In fact, Don Sebastian at first ran a
pretty laissez-faire city and was far more interested in the
trappings of princedom than in the actual governing, but as
time passed his attitude became more imperious.

In 1927 an eighth-generation Tremere named Alonzo
de Portola tried to drum up support fora run at Don Sebastian's
throne. Fora while it looked like he might be successful, since

LA. by Night

anumber of the younger Kindred were getting tired of Don
Sebastian.

One night, however, Alonzo and his entire coterie
simply disappeared, and no one has heard from them since.
This effectively ended any question as to who was the Prince
of Los Angeles. Since the elders had no idea how Don
Sebastian had managed to accomplish this, they enthusiasti-
cally supported him.

All this time Christopher had been searching for his
métier, the art form that would allow him to give expression
to the creative fires burning within him. He experimented
with water color, sculpture, poetry, wood carving and the
violin but none of these seemed to suit him. (In fact, one of
his carvings later turned up in a UCLA exhibit as a particu-
larly crude example of aboriginal art.)

In 1909, however, Christopher found his muse. He saw
his first motion picture, and it entranced him. This would be
his gift to the world. Through this new medium, the full
brilliance of Christopher's artistic genius would become clear
to the entire Camarilla.

By Dominating the directors who came to the West
Coast to do location shooting, Christopher "convinced" a
number of them to stay and set up studios in Hollywood. By
funneling money to their fledgling operations, he set up a
studio system that broke away from the bosses in New York
then running the movie business. Through Domination and
blackmail he "attracted" acting talent to Los Angeles, and
kept it there.

Always afraid of losing control of his environment,
Christopher setup the studio system: the talent stayed strictly
under the control of the studio bosses, who were in turn
controlled by Christopher. For the first 30 years of the
industry, he managed every facet of motion picture produc-
tion, from choosing the actors to approving the scripts and
final edits. If you ever wondered why so little really imagina-
tive work has gone on in Hollywood, it is partly because the
movie business in Los Angeles was created and controlled by
a 13-year-old poseur.

All of his life, Christopher would get schoolboy crushes
on the important men around him, desperate for a father
figure to take care of him. His admiration of Joaquin Murietta
caused him to "convert" that killer and arrange for the death
of an unknown bandido in his place. His later crush on Clark
Gable made that bit player to become a star practically
overnight, and there were many other such infatuations
along the way.

All of these infantile romances proved hard on Don
Sebastian, who was Blood Bound to Christopher and loved
him fanatically. Most of the crushes he could shrug off, since
they were usually mortals, who would eventually die or grow
old, or were new vampires who could be conveniently dis-
posed of.

The Beginning of the Revolt

...if there be fuel prepared, it is hard to tell whence the spark
shall come that shall set it on fire.

— Francis Bacon, "Of Seditions and Troubles"

In 1943, however, a vampire appeared whom Don
Sebastian could not ignore. Ventrue pressure had forced
Jeremy MacNeil out of his New England home, and the
immortal rebel gradually made his way across the country to
Los Angeles. He already had quite a reputation asa champion
of the underdog, and no prince would allow him to remain in
her city for very long.

This heroic, charismatic vampire fascinated Christo-
pher. Not only did he find MacNeil attractive, he also felt a
common bond with the Brujah and identified with MacNeil's
persecution. Christopher refused to let Don Sebastian throw
Jeremy out of Los Angeles, and spent a great deal of time
listening from the shadows as Jeremy spoke to the growing
number of unhappy Kindred. Out of his long-standing fear of
rejection, Christopher never made himself known to the
anarch leader.

Even before Jeremy's arrival, Los Angeles had become a
haven for dispossessed Kindred from all over the United
States. The expansion of Ventrue influence on the East
Coast and the increasing presence of the Sabbat in such cities
as New York and Miami forced more and more Kindred,
particularly anarchs, to move west. As they left in search of
freer, safer havens and discovered that anarchs were not
welcome in any of the larger eastern or midwestern cities,
they kept moving west until they reached the Pacific.

Some anarchs opted to move to San Francisco, but the
prince there made it very clear that he would not inherit
other princes' problems. Don Sebastian, on the other hand,
was so impressed with his own importance that he had no
qualms about accepting the refugees, reasoning that more
Kindred in his city meant more power for him. Los Angeles
recaptured its reputation as the most decadent city in America,
but this time the reputation was among the Kindred. Under
Don Sebastian's guidance, the city became a magnet for the
most debauched and perverse vampires in North America.

The Toreador flocked to L.A., particularly those who,
like Christopher, had been rejected by their more refined
brethren elsewhere. In Los Angeles they found others with an
equal lack of talent, who never put pressure on them to
actually produce anything, but valued them merely for their
ability to look aesthetic. With no focus and no artistic
endeavors to interest them, they became enamored with the
pleasures of the flesh, and spent their time trying to find new
ways to enliven the hunt.

Although Don Sebastian proved too egotistical to un-
derstand that these poseurs endangered the Masquerade,
other members of the primogen did, and made every effort to
hide the more flagrant cases. After all, some of the best
known faces in America were being chased down the streets
in the nude by packs of snarling vampires, also nude. This sort

Chapter Two: History


of thing tends to make the papers, and several of the elders
were forced to spend a lot of time and money covering up for
the blunders of their less sensitive brethren.

All of this amused Don Sebastian, who was further
flattered by the extravagant and empty compliments the
newcomers heaped upon him. However, the increasing gap
between the decadence of the Toreador and the streetwise
anarchs began to grate more and more on those who felt that
they were being unfairly oppressed.

The situation did not improve in June of 1943 when
several of Don Sebastian's ghouls drove into the beach
community of Venice and publicly beat up several anarchs
who had recently escaped from the Mexican Sabbat. The Los
Angeles police, ever vigilant in defense of white people,
immediately arrested the victims. The local anarchs re-
sponded by attacking some of Don Sebastian's thugs the next
night, and in retaliation Don Sebastian had the incident
blown up in the papers.

Over the following few nights thousands of military
personnel swarmed through the streets of downtown Los
Angeles, breaking windows and beating up Hispanics. The
police, either through choice or because they had been so
ordered by their dominated superiors, did absolutely nothing
other than occasionally arrest a Hispanic victim when the
rioters had finished with him. The "Zoot-Suit Riots," as they
came to be known, lasted for five nights, and added consid-
erably to anarch resentment of L.A.'s leadership.

By 1944 it became clear to Don Sebastian that Christo-
pher had not only become enamored with Jeremy, but with
the anarch cause as well. Along with many others of the local
Kindred, Christopher embraced Jeremy's vision of a world
without princes or overlords of any kind. The revelations of
Nazi atrocities, just then becoming known, underscored
Jeremy's message of the danger in concentrating too much
power in the hands of one group.

At last, Don Sebastian could stand it no more. The
primogen was putting increasing pressure on him to do
something about the anarch situation, and Christopher in-
creasingly ignored him in favor of his newfound love. Don
Sebastian began to fear that Christopher would throw him
over and put Jeremy on the throne of Los Angeles. Don
Sebastian could not bring himself to kill his rival, since
Christopher would have slaughtered him for that, but he did
the next best thing.

One night, when Christopher was in Sacramento, Domi-
nating the state legislature, Don Sebastian had Jeremy seized
and savagely beaten. He had Jeremy brought before him and
ordered him to leave the city, threatening him with further
violence if he did not obey.

Jeremy limped away and found Salvador Garcia, who
had recently come to Los Angeles to assist in the growing
anarch rebellion. Salvador was eager to use this incident as a
rallying point, but Jeremy counseled patience. He didn't
believe the anarchs were ready to take a stand against the

Camarilla, and he hoped to bring the L.A. primogen into
their camp.

Sadly for it, the primogen failed to understand the
gravity of the situation. With one exception, its members
enthusiastically endorsed Don Sebastian's actions as a lesson
to remind the anarchs of their place. Ina vain effort to keep
tensions to a minimum, the primogen did not publicly
endorse the beating, but failing to take action against Don
Sebastian had the same effect.

The anarchs were furious. Many of them wanted to go to
war immediately, but Salvador, Jeremy anda number of other
anarch leaders restrained them. Instead, they made plans,
formed hit squads and sharpened their stakes. This planning,
combined with the carelessness of the elders, explains more
than anything else why L.A.'s anarchs succeeded where no
others had before.

A call went out to anarchs in neighboring cities. Scouts
sought out the havens of the elders and located them with
surprising ease.

For the next few weeks, Los Angeles sat frozen as the
anarchs made their preparations and the elders rejoiced in
finally having crushed the rebellion. The only break occurred
whenacrazed Malkavian tried toattack one of Don Sebastian's
childer, but he was subdued before he could do any real harm.

The Glorious Revolution

Revolution is notadinner party, nor anessay, nora painting,
nora piece of embroidery; it cannot be advanced softly, gradually,
carefully considerately, respectfully, politely, plainly and mod-
estly.

— Mao Tse-Tung, 1966

On December 21, 1944, Jeremy let slip the dogs of
revolution. A few hours before dawn, small groups of heavily
armed Kindred made their way towards designated targets to
ambush and destroy elders returning to their havens.

Not all met with success: some elders defeated their
attackers, while others mysteriously never returned. A ma-
jority of L.A.'s elders, however, died the Final Death that
night, and those who did not, fled Los Angeles. Some have
turned up in other, Camarilla-held cities, but others have not
been heard of since.

Of course, killing or chasing away the elders did not
ensure the Camarilla's defeat. Many of the vampires of West
Los Angeles and Downtown supported the Camarilla and
took to the streets to defend it. The battle raged throughout
the rest of that night and all of the next.

Although individual Camarilla supporters tended to be
more powerful than their opponents, they were badly out-
numbered as well as disheartened by the deaths of so many of
their leaders. The anarchs, on the other hand, fought with a
fury pent up for years — in some cases, centuries. They felt
they had nothing to lose and everything to gain.

The legends of the Revolt include many tales of extreme
valor on both sides, but the best-known is of the battle


ll 4
PZ

SxS

we

Gp

between Don Sebastian and Salvador Garcia in the Don's
rancho. There the brave Salvador, hard-pressed by a vampire
significantly more powerful than himself, managed to defeat
his enemy in a vicious combat mano a mano.

The actual events differ somewhat from the popular
version. Salvador commanded the party sent to destroy the
hated Don, but when the group reached the perimeter of the
area, all it found was a more-dazed-than-normal Malkavian
murmuringsomething aboutagolden-headed demon. Puzzled,
Salvador left his band behind and entered the rancho alone.
The slaughter there was terrible, even by Kindred standards.
Dozens of Kindred and their ghoul retainers lay sprawled
about, with their limbs askew and their throats torn out. The
attackers hadn't even taken time to sup, and gore stuck to
everything.

The number of destroyed Kindred clearly indicated that
Don Sebastian had expected an attack, which would have
proven disastrous to Salvador's expedition. Obviously, what
Don Sebastian had not expected was an attack from someone
more powerful than himself. Salvador searched the premises
until he came to the bathroom where Don Sebastian had
made his last stand. The attacker(s) had apparently saved
their fury for the Don for his corpse was mutilated almost
beyond recognition. As a final insult, the attacker(s) had
ripped his head off and stuffed it in a wastepaper basket.

Salvador was in an impossible position. He had no idea
who had slaughtered Don Sebastian and his coterie. Ifa gang
of anarchs had acted independently, then it did not matter
that he had not taken part in the attack. If, on the other hand,
this was the result of some internal feud among the elders,
then the Revolt had lost a major symbol of its triumph. The
anarch victory would forever carry the taint of elder manipu-
lation.

Salvador, ever the realist, chose political expediency
over the truth. He smeared himself with Don Sebastian's
blood, set the rancho on fire, and returned to his group with
atale ofa horrific battle between himself and the hated Don.

Only Salvador, Jeremy and the Malkavian knew what
really happened at the rancho that night. Salvador and
Jeremy agreed that a tale of the destruction of the Prince of
Los Angeles' at the hands of an anarch freedom fighter would
dishearten any in the Camarilla who hoped to subdue the
Revolt. The Malkavian has since disappeared.

The second curious event of that night occurred at the
other end of Los Angeles, near Malibu. Three cars headed
north along the coast, full of armed Kindred intent on
ambushing and slaying the many powerful vampires who
lived there in awesome decadence.

Just before they got there, a rough-looking woman
flagged down the cars, approached the first car and said,
"Turn back. We have done your work for you. Gaia has
reclaimed her own, and there are no vampires in the hills
tonight — nor will there ever be again. Go, and do not
return."

Chapter Two: History


The vampires were about to object when the woman
dropped to all fours, turned intoa wolf and trotted off into the
underbrush. Hearing growls from all around them, the Kin-
dred decided to look into this situation later, and got out of
there as quickly as they could.

Subsequent (and very cautious) investigation proved
that the Lupine had told the truth. The werewolves had
attacked Malibu that night, and not a single vampire had
survived. They had also rooted out the Temple of Set, then
unknown to the anarchs, destroying it and its adherents.

How the Lupines had found out that the Revolt would
occur that night, how they managed to successfully destroy so
many vampires, and why they did not also slaughter the
anarch warriors, all remain unknown. What is known is that
the Kindred are not welcome in Malibu and the Santa
Monica Mountains, and particularly not in the Topanga
Canyon area. The common street wisdom is that whatever
the Lupine are guarding up there, they are welcome to it.

The Founding of the Free States

...we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any
hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival
and the success of liberty.

— John Fitz,

By the end of the second night, it was clear that the
anarchs ruled Los Angeles. All of the elders had been killed,
driven away or forced into hiding. Just before dawn on

erald Kennedy, Inaugural Address

WAG SES

1,

—

Sy

December 22, 1944, Jeremy MacNeil declared the founding
of the Anarch Free States. Gangs of anarch warriors lurched
through the darkened streets of L.A., screaming their tri-
umph to the night sky. They celebrated for weeks afterwards
as they continued to hunt down the remaining supporters of
the Camarilla.

But the Revolt did not stop in L.A. The same forces that
had swollen the ranks of the anarchs in Los Angeles also
existed in San Diego, Fresno and San Francisco. While the
discontent in those cities did not equal L.A.'s, the mutterings
of revolution were everywhere.

All princes prop up one another and can more or less be

counted on to come to the aid of a fellow prince in case ¢
revolt. With the destruction of Don Sebastian, his coterie
and most of his supporters — the strongest bastion of the
Camarilla on the West Coast — anarchs in those cities took
heart. They began to have hope that what had been accom-
plished in L.A. could happen elsewhere.

And it did. As soon as they felt that L.A. was secure,
leading anarchs headed for San Diego. Their first priority was
to see that Maria, the city's prince, didn't launch a counter-
attack on Los Angeles, but they also hoped to inspire anarchs
there to join the Revolt. Two weeks later Maria's servants
found her staked and beheaded in her coffin, and the anarchs
swept through the city, declaring their loyalty to the cause of
freedom and their membership in the Free States. This
scenario repeated in Fresno and in San Jose.

SSN
Sy

ao KW

UZVE

LTA

te —
Ces
N\ ae 7 \T
\

——a

\

MS

~~.


The anarchs tried to do the same in San Francisco, but
here they met determined, intelligent resistance. The prince
and his troops completely closed down the city and allowed
nomovementatall. The anarchs reported to Jeremy that the
prince was not only ready for them, he appeared to enjoy the
support of the majority of local Kindred. Jeremy recalled his
agents, figuring that the Free States could not afford to enter
into a sustained conflict at this point and assuming that San
Francisco would fall in its own good time. The anarchs also
headed east, but here too they met determined resistance and
retreated.

By the end of February 1945, the Anarch Free States
stretched from the Mexican border to San Jose, and from the
Pacific Ocean to within 50 miles of the Nevada state line. But
the leaders of the Revolt had little time for celebration. Los
Angeles, suddenly deprived of the force that had controlled
itall these years, fell into chaos. The city government put in
place by Don Sebastian had no direction, and no one among
the anarchs felt competent to take up the reins.

The Revolutionary Council, as the leaders of the Revolt
came to be called, had an even bigger worry —how would the
Camarilla react? Would it send in the Justicars and archons
to reestablish its hegemony? The Council did its best to
prepare for such an attack, but knew that its efforts would be
insufficient to halt a serious Camarilla effort to force Los
Angeles back to the fold by force. To their surprise, such an
attack never occurred.

To understand the reaction of the Camarilla to the
Revolt, one must understand the psychological impact of the
events of that night in late December. The Camarilla is based
‘on the idea that elders not only know better than their
younger kin but also have the power to enforce their will
upon them.

Up until the Revolt, most Kindred, elder and neonate
alike, believed that the Camarilla was eternal. The Kindred
might disagree about whether the Camarilla was ultimately
desirable, but all agreed that nothing could break the power
that the elders wielded over the younger vampires.

The Revolt changed all of that. Suddenly the elders
realized that their much-vaunted power could not always
control an angry mob of lesser Kindred. They became aware,
many for the first time, that they could die in spite of
everything, and this had a chilling effect. Neither were the
lessons of Los Angeles were not lost on anarchs in the other
cities of America. Small revolts sprung up everywhere.

If their domination of the younger vampires was not
absolute, how could princes maintain order? How could the
Camarilla, or even the Masquerade, be maintained? The
elders faced a bitter choice — they could make an example of
Los Angeles or they could tend to their own problems at
home. The debate raged for months, until the meeting of the
Inner Circle in June 1945, held in the ruins of a recently
liberated Venice.

No one has confirmed exactly what happened at that
meeting, but the anarchs say it went something like this: the

Status Perfectus

Being a Declaration of Principles for the Self-Gover-
nance of the Kindred of the Free States.

We, the Kindred of the Free States, do hereby declare
that we and our progeny, and all Kindred who choose
freedom over oppression and liberty over tyranny, of all
clans and generations, have as an inherent part of their
being the spiritual substance called Libertas, or Free Will.
We further declare that, as we have freed ourselves from
the bonds of mortality, so must we free ourselves from the
forces that would rob us of our Libertas. Not only must we
continue to struggle on our own behalf, but on behalf of our
brothers and sisters who continue to be robbed of their
Libertas by oppression, ignorance and fear.

The Anarch Free States are the political expression of
this struggle. In choosing to free ourselves from political
tyranny, we have also chosen to embrace our own Libertas
and that of our brother and sister Kindred everywhere.

For these reasons we, the Kindred of the Anarch Free
States, meeting this day in solemn convocation, do hereby
pledge ourselves to the following principles:

1. We declare ourselves to be free and independent,
owing allegiance to no creature and no organization.

2. We declare our ability to rule ourselves, with no
prince, no primogen and no other ruler other than that we
choose for ourselves.

3. We declare our kinship with oppressed Kindred
everywhere, and offer a home to all Kindred of all genera-
tions and clans who will agree to live in harmony with us.

4. We further accept our responsibility to our op-
pressed brothers and sisters everywhere, and pledge to
assist them at all times and in all places in their own
struggle for the freedom that we declare to be the birthright
of all Kindred, from now until the end of time.

5. We recognize our responsibility to maintain the
Masquerade, and pledge to protect and defend it.

6. We establish this Status Perfectus and recognize its
duty to all Kindred.

Tremere and the Nosferatu proposed that the Camarilla
march into Los Angeles and lay waste to it. The Ventrue,
Toreador and Malkavian representatives all recommended
that the princes spend their efforts on insuring the stability of
the Camarilla in the other cities of the world. The Brujah and
Gangrel both suggested that the Camarilla leave Los Angeles
alone to pursue its own destiny, but the others shouted them
down.

The Circle finally announced that the princes should
crack down on any sign of anarch activity in their cities, and
all Justicars made it their first priority to root out and destroy
of the anarch movement. They also decided to place agents
inside Los Angeles to watch and wait for the Revolt to
collapse on its own. They heatedly denied rumors that they

Chapter Two: History


were afraid to fight the anarchs or that their masters had been
involved in the uprising.

Another tactic the Inner Circle considered was eco-
nomic retaliation against Los Angeles. How long could the
Free States continue if their business relations with the rest
of the country dried up? When the Revolutionary Council
threatened to open up financial relations with the Japanese
Gaki, though, the Inner Circle immediately abandoned
plans for an economic embargo.

In this instance, the Inner Circle fell prey to its own fears
and racism. Since the West was then at war with Japan, anti-
Japanese hysteria was still very strong even in the Inner
Circle. At the time, the anarch threat was hollow since they
didn't even know of any Gaki in the Free States (although
there were some). Since that time, Japan's growth as an
economic power made this threat a real one and has kept the
Camarilla in check.

In any case, whatever the reason, Los Angeles got a
much-needed breathing space. But even without the threat
of Camarilla retaliation, Los Angeles was still in chaos. Many
of the anarchs did not fully understand what it was they had
fought for, and looked to Jeremy or Salvador to take over the
role of prince — the farthest thing from their minds. There-
fore, the Revolutionary Council met and produced the
document called the Status Perfectus, or "Perfect State." In it,
they laid out the rules by which the Free States were not to
be governed but were to govern themselves.

The Rise of the Gangs

The Status Perfectus was a blueprint for a way of life
hitherto unknown to the Kindred. The document quickly
circulated among anarch communities, and has continued to
serve as a goal for anarch struggles everywhere.

Aware that there would still be a tendency to look to the
Revolutionary Council for answers to all of L.A.'s problems,
that body dissolved itself on the publication of the Status,
leaving Los Angeles with no nominal leadership at all. This
goes a long way towards explaining the weakness of the city
government as well as the chaotic nature of the business
environment during the past 45 years.

What happened after the dissolution of the Revolution-
ary Council has sparked enormous interest among Kindred
sociologists. One of the first things that the anarchs of the
new Free States discovered about not having a prince was
that there was no longer anyone to lay out hunting grounds,
or to protect one Kindred's domain from another.

This resulted in a wild free-for-all, in which individual
vampires staked out huge territories for themselves and
forbade other Kindred to hunt in them. One particularly
audacious Kindred claimed the entire San Fernando Valley
as his private demesnes! Well, the anarchs knew just how to
handle that sort of thing. The "Prince of the Valley" ended
his reign in small pieces along the dry bed of the Los Angeles
River.

As time went by, it became clear that the only way to
safely claim a hunting ground was to forma coterie of trusted
Kindred and claim the area for the group. The area had to be
large enough to support the coterie yet remain small enough
to be defended. These "gangs," as they became known in Los
Angeles, soon became the dominant political model in the
Free States.

One of the things that has interested students of the
Revolt is the complete breakdown of the clan system that so
dominates the Camarilla. Itis not uncommon fora small gang
to include a Ventrue, a couple of Toreador, and three or four
Brujah. Since most of the Kindred of Los Angeles are those
who have either rejected their clan or been rejected by it, the
gang serves all of the functions traditionally fulfilled by clan
membership.

While such coteries also exist in Camarilla-controlled
areas, the conflicting loyalties of coterie and clan always
affect such groups. In Los Angeles such ethical dilemmas
rarely trouble gang members — they have made their choice
already. This has made it much more difficult for Camarilla
agents to organize resistance in the Free States, since appeals
to clan loyalties usually fall on deaf ears.

As soon as the Anarch Free States came into existence,
even more Kindred ofall kinds poured into Southern Califor-
nia. While most were anarchs from various clans, many were
Caitiff looking for a place to belong and something in which
to believe. The founding mothers and fathers of the Free
States hoped these freedom-seekers would discover a society
of vampires living harmoniously together, with each caring
equally for himself and his brethren.

Instead they found an increasingly overpopulated urban
area, mainly controlled by Brujah gangs that did not want
newcomers invading their turf. Many of these newcomers
perished at the hands of their "brethren," but others joined
together to form their own coteries and stake out their own
territory.

As competition for the available kine heated up, clashes
between the gangs increased in frequency and intensity.
Finally, in 1956, Jeremy felt forced to step in and call a
meeting of the gangs. Under his guarantee of safety, the gang
lords came together and drew up a map of L.A. to designate
the boundaries of each gang's hunting grounds, which be-
came known as "baronies."

Jeremy reserved the San Fernando Valley and the bulk
of central Los Angeles for himself, declaring it a gang-free
territory where any vampire could make her haven without
permission from anyone. This wasas much territory as Jeremy
felt he and his coterie could defend, though some say that
even this may have been overreaching. The gangs carved the
rest of Los Angeles up like a medieval kingdom. This agree-
ment did not entirely eliminate the gang wars, and many
baronies have changed hands many timessince, but it created
acertain amount of stability.

The gang lords also agreed to the establishment of a
safety zone, which cynics have labeled the anarch Elysium.


Foran area with as many conflicts as L.A., Kindred needed a
place where they could go and blow off steam. Jeremy
suggested the Hollywood Bowl or a new cultural complex
Downtown, which he offered to build, but he was shouted
down (he and Louis Fortier, the Baron of West L.A., built it
anyway, for their own amusement).

The gang members did not want to spend their time
listening to long-haired geeks in tuxedos. They wanted to
have fun. After considerable discussion, they settled on a
location then unique to Los Angeles and that best reflected
the new type of Kindred in the Free States. A cartoon studio
in Burbank had just opened up anew type of amusement park
in Anaheim the previous year, which, being open at night,
had become very popular with the young Kindred. With the
cooperation of the then-Baron of Anaheim, they chose this
site as their safety zone, and it has remained so ever since.

The Siege of L.A.

The tree of liberty must refreshed from time to time with the

blood of patriots and tyrants.
— Thomas Jefferson, 1787

Sabbat agents had infiltrated Los Angeles long before
the Revolt, and their reports of Don Sebastian's overthrow
thrilled the sect's Regent. The anarchs, without knowing
what they did or why they did it, had just brought down one
of the strongest cities in the Camarilla! Now it would be

WER

AN

child's play to bring in the War Parties and lead the City of
the Angels to the glory of the Sabbat way.

At first it looked as though things would work out that
Gang wars ravaged the newly formed Free States, and
the Revolutionary Council seemed powerless to stop them.
Strangely enough, however, before the Sabbat could move
in, Los Angeles appeared to get itself under control.

wi

The Sabbat waited and prepared for a siege. Finally, in
1965, it decided that waiting any longer served no purpose.
Its spies reported that the city had no internal structure in
place to defend itself, and that the gangs hated each other too
much to combine forces to resist a takeover. The scouts went
in to prepare the way for the War Parties.

They discovered a city that was deeply divided along
racial and socio-economic lines. Asin many American cities,
a vast majority of the African-American population had
been forced into a relatively small area by the overt racism of
housing restrictions and the covert racism of economic
deprivation.

In the City of the Angels this area was (and still is) south
of Downtown, and included Watts, Lynwood, South Gate
and Compton. The L.A. police singled out the residents of
these areas for exceptional brutality, and tensions were
running extremely high. It took very little Sabbat effort to fan
the flames to the point of explosion.

And explode it did. On August 11, a particularly warm
night in a particularly hot summer, the California Highway

Chapter Two: History

Patrol stopped two black men just outside of Watts. A small
crowd gathered, and a fight broke out. The CHP arrested the
two men anda few others, just for good measure, and took off.
That was all that was needed.

This is just what the Sabbat had been waiting for. With
the help of its agents, chaos reigned in the streets of south
central L.A. Rioters set businesses ablaze, and sniper shots
drove back the firemen who came to fight the flames. Looting
was rampant, and the police traveled only inconvoys. Noone
would notice a few additional charred bodies. The War
Parties roared into town. Most had designated targets, but
some came just to keep the chaos rolling.

At first events went perfectly. The War Parties slew
Jacqueline Fairmonte, a former member of the Revolutionary
Council, outside her haven near Venice Beach, but the rest
of the leaders of the Revolt had apparently gotten wind of the
attack and escaped. By the end of the second night of the
Watts Riots, the cardinal in charge of the siege reported that
all went as planned. In fact, the War Parties had met very
little resistance, apparently having scared off the poor little
anarchs.

The suddenness and viciousness of the attack had in-
deed stunned L.A.'s anarchs into diving for cover. Hiding in
the darkness, they listened and watched as the Sabbat forces
roared through the streets and the fires consumed the heart
of Los Angeles.

Gradually, however, morale began to improve. Brujah
runners spread the word among the frightened anarchs, and
the gangs met at rallying places. Nosferatu scouts reported on
the position and strength of the enemy. The anarchs felt a
call, as though from the heart of the city, rallying them to the
defense of the freedom they had fought so hard to win. And
quietly, like shadows at dusk, the anarchs began to gather.

As the third night fell, a psychic tremor shook the
Sabbat forces in Los Angeles. Suddenly it seemed like the
portals of Hell had opened: huge gangs of snarling Kindred
poured out of the Hollywood Hills, storming out of sewers,
tunnelsand abandoned warehouses. Led by Salvador, Crispus
and especially Jeremy (who wieldeda two-handed greatsword),
the anarchs carried the attack back to the warriors of the
Sabbat.

The fighting became more intense than that of the
Revolt. The Sabbat forces included some of the sect's finest
warriors, many of whom had survived countless other sieges.
Against them were the anarch gangs of Los Angeles, who had
fought each other for years and had consequently honed their
urban guerrilla tactics. Vampires who nights before had been
at each other's throats combined forces to drive out the
invader.

The battle raged for four nights as Los Angeles burned
around the combatants. From the surrounding countryside,
Camarilla archons began to gather. They hovered around the
edge of the battle, waiting for the two sides to exhaust
themselves before moving in.

The Sabbat realized that even if its forces won, it had no
hope of holding the city, so the cardinal ordered a retreat. To
the ragged cheers of the defenders, the remains of the War
Parties slunk out of L.A., promising to return someday and
utterly destroy the city.

Amazingly enough, the Camarilla did not move against
the anarchs. Within nights the archons had drifted away,
having picked off whatever Sabbat stragglers they could.
Most observers believe they retreated from the large numbers
of anarchs pouring into the city to support their brethren,
while others whisper about Camarilla plots in Los Angeles.

Once having secured the city, the anarchs assessed the
damage. While no one knows how many of the Sabbat died,
the anarchs believe that of the 150 Kindred who took part in
the defense of L.A. less than half returned to their havens at
dawn of the fourth day. Among the mortals, 34 people had
been killed, and more than 1,000 wounded. A corridor of Los
Angeles real estate — still known as Charcoal Alley — had
burned to the ground, and property damage was estimated at
$40 million dollars.

Jeremy hoped that the horror of the attack would bring
the vampires of L.A. together, but it was not to be. Almost as
soon as the Sabbat left, the bickering started again and things
in L.A. went back to normal.

The Return of Set

No one, mortal or immortal, has succeeded in explain-
ing why Los Angeles has always been a haven for the morally
corrupt. Ever since its founding, those who enjoy perversity
far beyond the norm have flocked to the City of the Angels.
This is as true for Kindred as it is for mortals.

Some believe that it has to do with the climate, which
is said to breed indolence and sloth. Others blame Los
Angeles' location since it is the most westerly stop for those
forced from their homes due to their deviant behavior.
Whatever the reason, Los Angeles has a well-deserved repu-
tation for debauchery.

This reputation made Los Angeles irresistible to the
Followers of Set. Though werewolves had razed the original
Temple of Set in 944, in 1969 Dawn Cavanaugh, a priestess
of Set who had been away from the Malibu temple when it
was destroyed, returned and founded a new temple in the
Hollywood Hills, not far from Griffith Park. Located in a
bomb shelter under an abandoned mansion deep in the Hills,
the temple began to weave its tendrils deep into Los Angeles
society. It proved particularly successful with the film com-
munity, whose members flocked to the wildly licentious
parties for which the beautiful Dawn became famous.

Eventually, Dawn's success became her undoing. A
coterie of young vampires encountered an acolyte of the
temple named Nicholas, who was anxious to destroy Dawn
and found his own temple. Using information provided by
Nicholas, the vampires tracked down both Dawn and the
temple. They informed Jeremy, who immediately summoned
his allies and attacked.


Somehow Dawn got wind of the attack and managed to
escape to Chicago, but Jeremy's forces destroyed most of the
acolytes, Nicholas apparently included. Jeremy has never
been able to discover how Dawn found out about the attack,
but he suspects the Serpent had corrupted one of the young
vampires who informed him.

Unfortunately, the temple's destruction did not mean
the end of Setite influence in the area. The Followers of Set
returned again and now have two temples in L.A., one in
Beverly Hills and another in the Encino hills overlooking the
San Fernando Valley. There are even rumors that Dawn has
returned from Chicago to take vengeance on her former
acolyte, on Jeremy and, most of all, on the coterie that first
uncovered her plots.

The Sons of the Crypt

One of the heroes of the Sabbat siege of L.A. was an
African-American vampire named Mohammed al-Muthlim
(Mohammed of the Darkness), who was previously unknown
among the L.A. Kindred. His valiant efforts on behalf of the
city quickly earned him a reputation among the younger
Kindred, and a coterie developed around this charismatic
figure.

Mohammed, for reasons known only to himself, slept in
a crypt in an Inglewood cemetery. His followers therefore
began to call themselves "The Sons of the Crypt", or the
"Crypt's Sons;" over time, this name has often been short-
ened even further.

The Crypt's Sons rapidly took over the area surrounding
their headquarters, and continued to expand their influence.
Now the gang controls the communities of Inglewood, Watts,
South Gate, Downey, Florence, Huntington Park, Bell,
Cudahy, Bell Gardens, Maywood, Commerce, Lynwood,
Compton, Vernon and Lennox.

At first the Crypt's Sons was a Kindred gang just like
others in Los Angeles, mostly concerned with protecting its
turf against poachers and other gangs. Mohammed, however,
had much bigger plans. Without violating the Masquerade,
he began to attract mortals into his coterie. These new
members were typically young black males, dispossessed by
the system: they wanted something bigger to give their
loyalty to,and Mohammed gave them exactly what they were
looking for.

Using his Kindred followers as a base, he built one of the
largest, most efficient and most dangerous gangs in the world.
The gang is divided into neighborhoods, and some groups
even war with one another, but all members ultimately
answer to Mohammed and his lieutenants. The gang is
heavily into gunrunningand the drug trade, and has tentacles
in most major cities in the United States.

The growth of the Crypt's Sons has caused considerable
concern, not only among the Kindred, but in the mortal
population of Los Angeles as well. One man, the Reverend
John Davis, saw many of his congregation abandoning the

church to join the Crypt's Sons, or living in fear of its
depredations. The scope and organization of the gang sug-
gested that some larger force was behind it, and he became
determined to find out what it was.

By talking to the kids on the street, doing research and
engaging in extremely dangerous surveillance, Davis traced
the gang back to Mohammed al-Muthlim. When Davis
witnessed an attack by a Crypt's Sons lieutenant on a neigh-
borhood child, he understood the true nature of the gang.

Since no one would believe a minister who went around
yelling about vampires taking over Los Angeles, Davis de-
cided to take another tack. He called a secret meeting of
those mortal gangs the Crypt's Sons had battled in rising to
power. He asked the gangs to form a group to combat the
Crypr's Sons, or at least protect their own neighborhoods.

While some of the gangs rejected the idea, enough
stayed and listened to form a "home protection group."
Originally calling itself "The Avengers," this group eventu-
ally adopted the name its enemies scornfully used for it —
"Vitee," or "Blood."

The war between the Crypt's Sons and the Blood has
continued unabated. Sadly, John Davis became one of the
earliest casualties, found in his study with his throat torn out.
His followers swore to continue the war against the vampires,
and they have done so.

The Reverend Leon Cutler, the son of one of John Davis'
original followers, now leads the group in Los Angeles. While
most of its members engage in normal gang activity, its
leaders have studied everything they could find about vam-
pires and have developed interesting tactics to combat them.
In the process they have become a major stumbling block to
Mohammed al-Muthlim's dreams of conquering Los Angeles
and spreading his influence around the world.

Mortal Gangs

While Mohammed al-Muthlim and the Reverend
Leon Cutler are the true heads of their gangs, the very
nature of their forces means the leader cannot oversee
every aspect. These are not focused armies but widely
disparate groups who do not acknowledge any one leader.
For example, while a Crypt's Son from Los Angeles could
seek assistance from the gang in Cleveland, he would have
more luck if he had friends or relatives there.

This decentralized leadership has resulted in numer-
‘ous groups seizing control of parts of the gangs. The
Ventrue and Giovanni clans, as well as werewolves and
others, all have their local allies in the larger gangs. For
instance, the Ventrue have taken over a number of differ-
ent Blood gangs and can rival Cutler for influence, though
neither side seems aware of the other's presence. Even in
Los Angeles itself the gangs have different agendas based
on what part of the city they come from. In other cities this
phenomenon has become even more pronounced.

Chapter Two: History


As long as the Blood confines its attentions to the
Crypt's Sons (so far that has taken all of its energy), the
rest of the Kindred in L.A. allow it to continue operating.
In fact, Salvador has very quietly gone about assisting the
group in whatever ways he can, mostly by making large
donations to the Reverend Cutler's church. He has also
taken the dangerous step of Dominating one of the
Reverend's lieutenants, whom he uses to pass informa-
tion to the Blood.

The Rodney King Riots

Mohammed has not taken the opposition of the
Blood with good grace. For years he has tried to crush his
rivals, but they always elude his grasp, and he could not
bring a large force onto the streets to hunt them down
without exciting the interest of the local police.
Mohammed had long ago Dominated the Chief of Police
into leaving his gang's operations alone, but he couldn't
control all the rank and file.

Mohammed's luck changed in the spring of 1992,
with the trial of the police officers accused of beating
Rodney King. King, an African-American, had been
stopped for a traffic violation and viciously beaten by four
white officers. The scene had been captured on videotape
and had shocked news audiences across the city and
country. When the jury somehow managed to find all of
the accused innocent, the community erupted. Once
again, businesses burned, rioters looted stores and snipers
shot at poli

This was what the Crypt's Sons had been waiting for.
They moved into the streets of L.A., attacking Cutler's
followers wherever they could. This battle differed from
the previous Kindred conflicts that had rocked L.A. For
one thing, it went on around the clock. By day the Blood
would hunt for the closely guarded havens of Mohammed
al-Muthlim and his lieutenants, while by night the Crypt's
Sons would turn the hunt back onto the Blood.

Another difference between this battle and others
was the reaction of the civil authorities. In the Watts
Riots the police response, although inadequate, had been
immediate. In the '92 riots the police stayed away from
the fighting for the first night under orders from their
heavily Dominated superiors, which allowed the Crypt's
Sons to do as they pleased. By the next night, Jeremy had
managed to clear away some of the bureaucratic haze
caused by Mohammed's Domination, and had restored
some kind of order, but the battle continued for the next
few nights and even spread into other cities.

The fight did not go as either side hoped. While both
groups suffered numerous casualties, neither could de-
stroy the other's inner circle, and the balance of power in


south central Los Angeles remained unchanged. The two
sides currently maintain an uneasy truce while they re-
build their much-depleted war machines.

However, the gang war did make clear the danger of
simply ignoring mortal institutions. It was one thing for
vampires to influence human political machinery only
when they had to, but this was no longer the case. Neither
Jeremy nor Salvador wanted to mix mortal and vampire
politics, but something had to be done to make sure the

kine authorities were not again used by Kindred against
Kindred.

They quickly got rid of the old police chief, and
brought in a new one who could be counted on to keep his
nose out of Kindred business. The old mayor, an easy
target for Domination, was replaced by someone who
didn't appear to have any interest in, or awareness of,
politics of any kind. Jeremy and his cohorts are keeping a
close eye on the new mayor, who so far seems to be totally
free from any Domination, although spies have reported
several visits from a golden-haired boy ...

Chapter Two: History



Chapter Three:.

Geography

Los Angeles is unique in many respects. While one of the
largest metropolitan areas in the world, more than half is
made up of mountains. These carve the L.A. area into large
but disconnected patches of flat, inhabitable land. This has
produced a scattering of small communities, each with its
‘own unique identity, which only gradually formed official
ties with each other. It is a city of suburbs, all of whom
measure themselves by how far away from downtown they
are, rather than how close to it. Inhabitants identify them-
selves as coming from Torrance or La Habra rather than from
Los Angeles.

The Kindred also see the Free States as unique. The
presence of the gangs has made the issue of turf far more
important here than in areas where the prince determines
such issues. Mirroring their mortal neighbors, the Kindred of
the Free States identify themselves by what barony they live
or hunt in.

In Kindred terms the Free States can be divided into six
ateas: Los Angeles proper (or the "Barony of the Angels");
the northwest baronies, which consist of Simi Valley, Santa
(Clarita, the San Fernando Valley and West Los Angeles, as
well as the Lupines' territory; the central baronies, which
comprise those of the Crypt's Sons, El Hermandad's, Whittier,
Covina and the Wilds; the northeastern baronies, contain-
ing Pasadena, Glendale and Burbank; the southern (or coastal)
baronies, which consist of Torrance, Long Beach, Hunting-
ton Beach, Anaheim and Santa Ana; and the outlying
baronies of San Diego, Fresno and San Jose.

Barony of the
Angels

Population: 3,500,000 morte
The City of Los Angeles itself is divided into several areas,
as far as the vampires are concerned. There is south central Los

59 vampires

Angeles, which is controlled by Mohammed al-Muthlim and
his Crypr's Sons, while El Hermandad controls East L. A. Louis
Fortier oversees West Los Angeles from his estate in Beverly
Hills. Very few vampires live in the eastern San Fernando
Valley, but many travel there at night to feed.

But Downtown, Hollywood and the Hollywood Hills are
what most Kindred think of when they think of Los Angeles.
With almost 60 vampires living in 55 square miles, this area has
one of the greatest concentrations in the United States.

This barony is different from most. Under the agreements
signed by the gang lords in 1956, no single gang rules this area.
While vampires may form into coteries for companionship and
self-protection, Jeremy sees to-it that no one group becomes
powerful enough to lay claim to any part of this area. He has
made the whole barony open hunting ground for any Kindred
who want to feed here, as long as they are careful and clean up
after themselves.

Since Jeremy and his coterie have sworn to defend this
area, the residents don't have to concern themselves as much
with protecting their turf. Asa result, the vampires who live in

Chapter Three: Geography


36

OREGON

Heavy gray lines indicate borders
of controlled areas

A=Camarilla Control
B = Anarch Control
C = Contested Areas

‘Original map form by Mountain High Maps (TM)
‘Copyright 1993 by Digal Wisdom, nc
Map by Bian J. Bune

MEXICO
a)

the "Barony of the Angels," as they jokingly refer to it, tend to
be those who find gang life unattractive or who are too weak to
qualify for, orsurvive longin,a gang. The intellectuals, fashion-
plates and politicos are to be found here, as well as the rejects
and the crazies.

The other type of Kindred found here is the newcomer. A
Taste of L.A., the one landmark in Los Angeles known to
Kindred the world over, sits on the eastern edge of the barony.
Anarchs new to L.A. head there as soon as they hit town,
knowing that they will get a friendly welcome and a chance to
orient themselves.

The most important Kindred in the barony live in the
Hollywood Hills, overlooking either the chaotic streets of
Hollywood the quiet, orderly streets of the San Fernando Valley
on the other side. Full of small pockets of humanity, the Hills
make a perfect haven for Kindred.

Most kine here would not find it odd that their neighbors
only go out at night; they are themselves engaged in activities
far stranger than a little bloodsucking. Toreador elders hunted
here before the Revolt, and some of their huge, gloomy man-
sions still stand. In fact, some of the Toreador still exist, hiding
out in the deep recesses of the Hills.

On theflatsbelow the Hills lies Hollywood, where the bulk
of the L.A. vampires make their havens. Harvey Wilcox, a
prohibitionist from Kansas who came to L.A. in 1883 and
started buying land in the Cahuenga Valley, actually developed
Hollywood as a religious community. Mrs. Wilcox christened
the place in 1887 after hearing the name from a woman on the
East Coast. At night, Hollywood presents a picture that would
totally bewilder the Wilcoxes, and the Gabrielino Indians who
used to wander through these same flatlands.

East-west streets such as Hollywood Boulevard, the Sunset
Strip, Santa Monica Boulevard and Melrose Avenue slash
through the darkness. Their garishly lit sidewalks are crowded
with punks, junkies, dealers, muggers, pimps, hookers, as well as
tourists and honest citizens out for a night on the town. Along
the boulevards lie restaurants, nightclubs, tourist traps, leather
stores and endless rows of boutiques. Between the streets lie
huge pools of darkness, where the muggers prey, the deals go
down and the Kindred feed.

One of the most famous sites in Hollywood is The Barn,
where The Squaw Man, one of the first films made in Holly-
wood, was filmed in 1913. Probably the most visible landmark
is the Hollywood sign (which originally read
"HOLLYWOODLAND"", the name of a development being
built below the sign) with 50-foot-high letters set on the side of
Mt. Lee.

Well-known movie and television companies located
here include the Nestor Film.Company (Hollywood's first
studio), Paramount, Raleigh, Charlie Chaplin Studios, and
ABC (built on the old Vitagraph site). The world-famous
Brown Derby restaurant was originally located on the north-
westcomer of Hollywood and Vine Street. Both the Hollywood
Wax Museum and the Max Factor Museum are located found
here.

LA. by Night


BARONY OF THE ANGELS

Li70
Sherman Way BARONE
veo BURBANK
Burbank Bivd Ad BARONY OF ‘
GLENDALE
S Frwy. é
oY' 2
LA.Z00 0
a
Griffith Park
BARONY OF
SAN FERNANDO . Ban
VALLEY eo
Hollywood
Hills
pid o
Hollywood Z S
L.A Cty Museum of Art o gn a
- Wilshire Bivd, gor
< eS ‘ € East L.A Pomona Fy
Monica
Downtown v
a. " L "nition, EL
- S uate My, va,  HERMANDAD
y BARONY OF
[) THE ANGELS o Md
West L.A. 6 .
usc. = %,
SDR OS South Central LA @ Mg.
WEST LOS
Ml ANGELES Slauson Ave

Manchester Ave. tone

&,
CRYPTS %,
SONS

Los Angeles.
International
Aiport

Harbor Freeway

Rosecrans Ave.

BARONY OF
TORRANCE

Redondo Bea

38

L.A. Nightlife

While Los Angeles has an extremely active nightlife,
Kindred have trouble taking full advantage of it. Most gangs
have their own spots where vampires gather and cut loose,
and they do not appreciate outsiders intruding uninvited.
The only exception to this is the area protected by Jeremy
MacNeil: some locations here cater to vampires from all over.

ATaste of L.A.

Mostlarge citieshave Kindred nightclubs (The Vampire
Club in San Francisco and the Succubus Club in Chicago, for
example). Kindred need a place where they can go and relax
and "be themselves" without always being concerned about
maintaining the Masquerade.

The Kindred of Los Angeles have also adopted this
tradition, but as with most others they have embraced, they
have put an interesting twist on it. In an old, seemingly
abandoned warehouse not far from L.A.'s skid row, Crispus
Attucks and Salvador Garcia created A Taste of L.A. (1920
N. Main St.), which operates asa combination "coffeehouse"
and "YMCA" for Kindred from all over the world.

Although Salvador actually owns A Taste of L.A. and
spends a lot of time there when he is in the area, he is an
absentee owner who prefers to let his ghoul managers, Murray
and Alexis Goldfarb, run the place for him. Old-time revo-
lutionaries, Murray and Alexis date back to the 1960s when
they got involved in the student activist movement in
Berkeley. They were part of the group that filtered down to
Santa Barbara in the late '60s and helped burn the hated
Bank of America in Isla Vista.

Their favorite haunt was a coffeehouse called Borsodi's
in the heart of the student section of this beautiful beachside
community. While working at the coffeehouse, they met all
kinds of strangers and displaced people, including a passion-
ate young man who wore sunglasses even at night and spoke
of the glories of anarchy.

The blood of the young Brujah actually inflamed the
Goldfarbs' natural political inclinations and by the time they
reached L.A. they were devoted to the anarch cause. They
and convinced Salvador that they could run a club for him,
modeled after their beloved Borsodi's. But, like everything
else in L.A., the club took on the city's own flavor and style,
and soon Murray and Alexis found themselves managing the
"in" place for the hungry Kindred of Los Angeles.

The Taste, as it is known to the anarchs, stays open every
night of the year, from sundown until just before dawn.
Unlike many Kindred clubs, which model themselves after
mortal night clubs, the Taste resembles a European cafe.
Here a tired vampire can sit for hours over a quiet cup of A-
positive and talk to other Kindred.

The lights stay low, and the tables are widely spaced
around the wooden floor to allow for private conversations.
The club features a long bar and a small stage for performers.
Some fairly well-known Kindred bands have appeared there,

LA. by Night

singing everything from folk to heavy metal. These include
Baby Chorus, the now-defunct Vital Signs and Topaz Jet.

As in Elysium, violence is absolutely prohibited inside
the Taste, as is hunting within a four block radius of it. Those
who disobey these rules are simply not permitted to return.
This peaceful atmosphere allows Kindred from hostile gangs
to sit down and peacefully work things out, which the
Goldfarbs strongly encourage.

The Taste serves two other functions in the Free States.
Thefirst, and probably most important, is asa sort of travelers
aid station for newly arrived Kindred. The Goldfarbs always
greet newcomers warmly, help them get oriented to life in the
Free States, and offer them a place to stay until they can find
_ ahaven of their own.

The Goldfarbs converted the Taste's back room into a
light-tight safe room, which can "sleep" six vampires com-
fortably and up to 12 ina pinch. Newcomers may stay for up
to two weeks, and even longer if they are having difficulty
establishing themselves. The Goldfarbs have helped many of
the Kindred now in the Free States, and they are among the
most loved vampires in Los Angeles. Anyone who harmed
them would have to face numerous Kindred looking for
revenge.

The Taste's second function is as a recruiting center.
Members of all of the major gangs come to the club to look

over the "newbies" and try to bring the most promising ones
__ back to their baronies. The Goldfarbs are much less enthusi-

astic about this aspect of the Taste, but they have not done
anything about it.

Club Zombie

A mortal couple, Joseph Charles and Carl Regen, started
this recent addition to the Kindred nightlife scene in L.A.
- They converted an abandoned downtown factory (1101

Sunset Blvd.) which they later claimed was a coffin manufac-

turer, but it actually made pipe fittings.

; Possessing a somewhat macabre sense of humor, Joseph
and Carl decorated the club as a mortuary taken over by the
"inmates," with skeletons and open coffins everywhere. All
of the personnel wore dead-white makeup and funereal garb,
many with tastefully applied scars. The partners brought in
popular local rock groups, such as the macabre Dave Vanian
and the Phantoms, and the club was a smash from the very
beginning. Even the vampires came flocking for the cheesy
decor.

One night a mysterious man, who introduced himself as
"Monsieur Fortier," appeared in the partners' office and
offered to buy them out. They refused until he explained
what he was offering — eternal life as his ghouls in exchange
for ownership of the club. Joseph and Carl would continue to
manage the club and would receive a large share of the profits.
The new owner would ask only that a few small changes be
made ...

Club Zombie has continued to prosper under its new
ownership. A VIP lounge called the Sepulcher has been

added in what was originally a basement. The doorman of the
club, who is dressed like a mortician, carefully scans each
customer and stamps the hands of those who are permitted to
go downstairs. Another guards the stairs and checks for hand
stamps before allowing anyone past. Entrance to the Sepul-
cher is permitted on a basis that totally confuses those who
are refused: movie and recording stars have been abruptly
turned away, while incredibly sleazy gutter-rats have been
allowed in.

The Sepulcher is decorated very elegantly in black
marble and brass. All of the downstairs staff are heavily
Dominated and carefully monitored by Joseph and Carl, who
now doall of their business at night. Vite is served in various
flavors (including human). There is a large dance floor and
an excellent sound system, with live music piped in from the
band above or recorded selections from an extensive CD
collection. There are a number of open tables and booths,
and several curtained alcoves for Kindred who prefer privacy.
In fact, however, these alcoves are all bugged, and the
recordings are handed over to Louis Fortier, who visits the
club weekly.

As in most Kindred clubs, the rules in the Sepulcher are
simple: no mortals, no fighting, and no live feeding on the
premises. Those who break the rules are reported to Louis
Fortier, who handles the matter personally.

The Raves

While the more sophisticated Kindred prefer to spend
their time at either the Taste or Club Zombie, most of the
street vampires prefer their entertainment a little earthier.
For them there are the Raves: essentially huge parties, usually
held in enormous warehouses or airplane hangars. Typically
the news circulates by word of mouth of a Rave in some out-
of-the-way location. Those who show up there receiveaclue,
sometimes very abstract, which will lead them to another
location and another clue. A trail can consist of as many as
10 clues which the Kindred must follow in order to find the
actual location of the Rave. At each clue location, watchers
are stationed to weed out undesirables such as Sabbat, police
or geeks, and send them on false trails.

Once the partygoers finally arrive at the actual location
of the Rave, they are likely to find scores of Kindred dancing
to rap or industrial rock blasting at brain-melting levels
through banks of enormous speakers. Sometimes the enter-
tainment is "live," but usually it is recorded music played by
a Kindred DJ. Kine are usually provided, and it is considered
bad form to allow any to leave. Also, unless so mentioned in
the clues, it is not considered proper to supply mortals for
oneself. This is not BYOM.

Itis very rare (and unwise) for anyone putting ona Rave
to try to exclude Kindred of one gang or another, so these
events can often become very dangerous as individual gang
members decide to settle their differences on the dance floor.
As long as the fighting doesn't interfere with the dancing,
other Kindred just try to stay out of the way; sometimes,

Chapter Three: Geography


though, the Raves can degenerate into large and deadly gang
brawls. On the other hand, since Kindred from all over the
Free States attend, Raves are a wonderful opportunity to
meet with potential allies and to engage in a little political
skullduggery.

Putting ona Rave can be a difficult, expensive and even
dangerous process, but doing so successfully confers quite a
bit of recognition on the vampire who organizes it. Most of
the barons of the medium-sized and large gangs try to hold at
least one a year, to show how powerful they are and how little
they fear their rivals.

Other Locations

Inaddition to its night life, the Barony of the Angels also
contains numerous sites of importance both to the mortal
and immortal population of L.A.

¢ El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historic Monument: On
this 44-acre site, historic buildings from early Los Angeles
have been restored to show what the city looked like in the
1800s.

© Olvera Street: One of the oldest streets in Los Ange-
les, Olvera Street was brought back to life in the 30s as a
Mexican marketplace. There are numerous sidewalk shops
built in the adobe walls, as well as stalls and street vendors
selling handicrafts from Mexico. But the best things about
Olvera Street (for kine, anyhow) are the restaurants! The
smell of Mexican food, especially handmade tortillas, is
intoxicating. Numerous festivals are held on Olvera Street,
with Las Posadas celebrated at Christmastime. Posada is
Spanish for "inn," and this festival recalls Joseph and Mary's
search for shelter.

© City Hall: Completed in 1928, this building with its
pyramid-shaped top dominated the skyline of Los Angeles for
many years. The headquarters both for the mayor and the city
council, its voluminous basement served as a haven for
Christopher from 1931 to 1940, and Don Sebastian actually
maintained an office there until the Revolt. Later, the
Revolutionary Council met there for a while, and since the
Council's dissolution Jeremy continues to use this location
for meetings with leaders from other cities in the Free States.

Los Angeles Central Library: At one time Los Ange-
les boasted an excellent public library system, but recent
budget cuts have drastically reduced its availability to the
public. The Central Library building, however, is still an
extraordinary research center for the public, kine and Kin-
dred alike. In 1986 the Library was badly damaged by a fire,
the result of a Hollywood coterie's efforts to dislodge a
Nosferatu who was said to live in its basement. The 1926
Library building has since been extensively restored, and has
just recently reopened.

¢ Bradbury Building: Originally built in 1893 by Louis
Bradbury, who made his fortune in Mexican silver, this
building has been restored to its original luster, including the
wrought-iron railings and two cage-type elevators. Although

it still serves as an office building, it is also used regularly for
filming period pieces, and for special events. It is a great
favorite with some of the older Kindred, who nostalgically
wander through its open atrium, dreaming of yesterday.

¢ The Church of Our Lady Queen of the Angels: The
"Plaza Church" is the oldest house of religious worship in the
city, built in 1822 by Franciscan fathers and Indian converts.
It was the first, and until 1876 the only, Catholic church in
the city. Itis one of the few religious structures in Los Angeles
that can actually cause severe discomfort for the Kindred.

® St. John's Church: This Episcopal church, a replica of
an 11th-century church in Toscanella, Italy, has a modern
touch: the Martin Luther King Jr. window was dedicated in
1977.

© St. Sophia Cathedral: West of downtown, this Greek
Orthodox church contains stained-glass windows, large-
scale murals, gilded woodwork and crystal chandeliers. This
is another location left alone by the Kindred.

¢ Evergreen Cemetery: This is the oldest cemetery in
the city. Remains of Los Angeles mortal "nobility," including
the Workmans, Hollenbecks, Lankershims, Van Nuys,
Coulters and Bixbys rest more or less quietly here.

© Site of Hebrew Benevolent Society: The oldest
Jewish cemetery in Los Angeles, built in 1854.

© Dodger Stadium: Built in a predominantly Hispanic
area once called Chavez Ravine, this cantilevered stadium
seats 56,000, hosts the L.A. Dodgers from April to October,
and is also used for large rock concerts. Its construction was
a source of great controversy in Los Angeles, requiring the
forcible relocation of many poor families who had lived there.

* Chinatown: With the depletion of gold in Northern
California and the completion of the railroad, Chinese
laborers began to move south to Los Angeles. By 1870 there
were approximately 200 Chinese settlers; however, most of
them were restricted to living in rundown areas northeast of
the city center, and inadvertently created "Chinatown." In
1871, a white deputy was accidentally shot and killed during
adispute between two Chinese tong leaders. For the next five
hours, a mob rampaged through Chinatown, causing the
"Chinese Massacre," a shameful event in the city's history
during which 19 innocent Chinese men and boys were killed.

Chinese immigration was banned in the late 1800s and
not permitted again until 1943. Today, approximately one-
fifth of the Chinese people in the U.S. live in Los Angeles
County. Home to numerous Chinese shops and restaurants,
Chinatown is THE place for dim sum in the city. In addition,
the Chinese New Year is celebrated in early February with a
parade that includes fireworks and the colorful many-people-
long dragon.

* Little Tokyo: In 1884, a Japanese sailor opened a
restaurant here, anda community grew up around it. By 1900,
more than 1,000 Japanese had settled around this area and
opened small shops. After the 1906 San Francisco earth-
quake, more came south. By 1910, L.A. had thesecond-largest
Japanese population outside of Japan, exceeded only by San


SANTA CLARITA

1 Roscoe Bivd
+ TO SIMI
Shorman Way

o

Yen
MU Bey

Pacic Coast Hwy

Santa Monica Bay

Pacific Ocean

BARONY NAMES
ARE DISPLAYED IN
CAPITAL LETTERS

png epanincos

BARONIES OF LOS ANGELES

San Gabriel Mountains

FERNANDO ir

VALLEY
L179

pag sénny uen

BURBANK
a
es © cienvate
‘Ventura f134) ba Colorado %
14 GRIFFITH a PASADENA
%, Z
é

%

s
% Ss
% - Pe ot
7) Py oS
Bee oa @ Ey San Bernardino 9
Wisire Bid

Bivd

Rosemoad Bivd

"ay
EL HERMANDAD

Monica Pomona Fixy o
Any

BARONY OF THE ANGELS "tere
rd

‘Slauson Ave 7
9
@ &

Fi
restone B
Manchester Avo ba

Harbor Finy

1107] " Contal Av
CRYPT'S SONS WaITTIER o" had

eS

%,

@D
TORRANCE

Riverside Fwy

191)
ANAHEIM gy

:
§

z

%
R "
~ ‘Santiago Canyor

a: @ Garda Grove Bd

LONG BEACH Ba

Valley View

Garden oO

HUNTINGTON
BEACH

Warner

Beach Bivd.

Irvine


Francisco. During the '20s, Japanese farmers grew 90 percent
of the produce consumed in the city. The City Market, a
wholesale produce exchange, was founded in 1909 by groups
of Japanese and Chinese growers and the Flower Mart was
established in 1914.

The "Issei" were first-generation Japanese while "Nisei"
is the term used for second-generation Japanese-Americans.
Their hard work was little appreciated by white businessmen
who were not prepared to deal with a new group of hard-
working, clever competitors. During the union struggles in
the '20s and '30s, Japanese workers were alienated by the
larger community and withdrew further into their own groups,
which only increased antagonism and suspicion.

After the bombing of Pearl Harbor in 1941, panic spread
across the country, not only among the mortal population,
but among the Kindred as well. American Kindred believed
that the Japanese warlords included a number of powerful
Gaki who had already placed several vampire agents in
California, with more to come. The American vampires,
panicked by their own superstitious fear of the unknown,
imagined hordes of blood-frenzied Gaki invading the West
Coast and destroying the Kindred way of life.

Pushed hard by a terrified Don Sebastian and uncon-
cerned about the rights of mortals, the powerful Ventrue and
Tremere leaders in Washington supported a mortal reloca-
tion plan. On February 19, 1942, 112,000 Japanese and
Japanese-Americans were rounded up and "relocated" to
what were essentially prisoner-of-war camps. At least two-
thirds of these people were actually American citizens. The
most infamous holding camp was Manzanar, located in the
Owens Valley, became "home" to 10,000 innocent Issei and
Nisei. Stone gates remain there today as a reminder of this
shameful incarceration.

The 21-story New Otani Hotel, with its elegant A
Thousand Cranes restaurant, offers traditional Japanese hos-
pitality to the many travelers from Asia to Los Angeles.
There are four shopping centers in the area, including Japa-
nese Village Plaza, Weller Court, Yaohan Plaza, and Honda
Plaza. Oshogatsui, the Japanese New Year, is celebrated in
early January and Nisei Week is held in August.

Despite these amenities, Kindred strictly avoid Little
Tokyo, since it is widely whispered a supernatural entity of
enormous powerstill resides there and survives by consuming
Kindred. In fact, a powerful Gaki of the Genji bloodline does
live there, along with a small group of Koga ninja who serve
her. No one knows how she got to Los Angeles or why she has
chosen to remain there, but the dearth of appropriate victims
has kept her from creating more Gaki.

© The Music Center: Accessible directly by freeway,
this three-theater complex includes the Dorothy Chandler
Pavilion, the Ahmanson Theater, and the Mark Taper
Forum (not to be confused with the Great Western Forum, a
sports complex southwest of downtown). Whether it be in
opera, plays or concerts, all the big names perform here.

Placido Domingo serves as guest conductor for the opera, and
occasionally fills in as lead tenor. Recently, "The Phantom of
the Opera" (a great favorite with the city's Kindred) com-
pleted the longest run of any musical in Los Angeles history.

When they had it built, Jeremy MacNeil and Louis
Fortier hoped that it would become an Elysium for the
Kindred of the Free States. Unfortunately, most of the
Kindred showed no interest in the classical arts at all. Jeremy
and Louis continued with their plans for their own pleasure,
and Los Angeles finally got the world-class concert hall it so
desperately needed.

© Wilshire Boulevard Temple: Often mistaken for a
cathedral, this synagogue is dominated by a 135-foot dome
inlaid with mosaics. Murals featuring Biblical and post-
Biblical themes cover the walls. It also has a gallery whose
exhibits explain the history and customs of various Jewish
celebrations. The temple does not appear to have any nega-
tive effect on the Kindred, even those who have been
repelled by Jewish holy places.

* Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA):
Located in the complex that also houses the La Brea Tar Pits
and George C. Page Museum (q-v.), LACMA is home to an
international collection of art from prehistoric to modern.
Permanent exhibits in the Ahmanson Building include: Far
Eastern art; American and European paintings, furniture and
furnishings; sculpture and decorative art, including Egyptian,
Greek, Roman and Assyrian; glass ranging in period from
Rome to the 19th Century; pre-Columbian art; Indian and
Southeast Asian art; and the magnificent Gilbert silver and
mosaic collection. In addition, there is a large textile and
costume exhibit.

The Robert O. Anderson Gallery offers 20th-century
painting and sculpture, as well as special exhibits on loan.
The Pavilion for Japanese Art, an interesting building with
an interior circular ramp, was built for the famous Shin'enkan
paintings and also contains a large netsuke collection. The
pavilion's white window panels are designed to permit only
natural light, as in traditional Japanese homes, and an inte-
tior tiered fountain controls the humidity.

The Museum has become something ofa gathering place
for the few Toreador who make Los Angeles their home.
Because of the Lupines, they are unable to get to the J. Paul
Getty Museum in Malibu (the other major art gallery in the
Los Angeles) and that leaves them LACMA, as they call it.
They gather here at least once a month.

* Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA): Offering
equal time to modern art from 1940 to the present, MOCA
offers paintings, sculptures, environmental pieces and mixed
media, as well as performing arts programs reflecting the
participative "multimedia" art of today. The building, de-
signed by Arata Isozaki, is considered by some to be itself a
work of modern art. MOCA hasan auxiliary facility, with the
somewhat precious title of "Temporary Contemporary," lo-
cated in Little Tokyo.

LA. by Night


© George C. Page Museum of La Brea Discoverie:
This modern museum exhibits reconstructed fossils of vai
‘ous Ice Age animals found in the tar pits between the L.A.
County Museum of Art and the Pavilion for Japanese Art
(q.v.). The Rancho La Brea Tar Pits (which is a bit redun-
dant, since la Brea means "the tar" in Spanish) have proven
to be a rich source of information about the Ice Age. The
deposits of thick tar date from pre-historic times, and over the
years thousands of animals have become trapped in the sticky
sludge and died there, their bones preserved. The liquid
asphalt has slowly given up its captives, and continuing
excavation can be viewed at several locations, including an
observation pit. La Brea still bubbles up relics from the
ancient past, and who knows what may eventually surface
from the unplumbed depths?

* Melrose Avenue: The real fashion center of the
Gothic-Punk world, Melrose is where the fashion-conscious
vampire does his shopping. Let the "nouveau-reek" waste
their money and time on Rodeo Drive at Gucci and Guess?.
The elite know that the best clothes are to be found in
Aardvark's Odd Ark, and at Wet Leather. Jewelry is not
purchased at Tiffany's, or at Van Cleef and Arpels. It is
bought at Maya, on Melrose. Cafes, trendy boutiques and sex
shops are all crowded in together. Most of the stores are open
late, to accommodate those who prefer to do their shopping
after dark. The area is also popular with the local mortals, so
discriminating Kindred can also enjoy a tasty snack after a
hard night's shopping.

Griffith Park

This area covers approximately 4100 acres of scrub and
hills at the east end of the Santa Monica Mountains. It is
listed separately because, while not a part of any barony, it
is an important locale in Los Angeles.

Probably the largest city park in the world, Griffith Park
has had a fascinating past. Mayor Horace Bell accepted this
gift of land for the city from Col. Griffith J. Griffith in 1896
with a somewhat jaundiced eye, suspecting that the gift was
really an elaborate tax evasion. Then, in 1903, Griffith was
involved in a sensational tria

ccusing his wife of conspir-
ing with the Pope to have him poisoned, he pulleda revolver
on her and shot her in the eye. He spent two years in San
Quentin, and upon his return to freedom offered the city
$100,000 to build an observatory. This gift, however, was
refused. When Griffith died in 1919, he left the city $700,000
for an observatory and a Greek theater. As he was no longer
there to embarrass the city fathers, the bequest was accepted.

This rustic area is home to the Los Angeles Zoo, the
Griffith Park Observatory and Planetarium, the Greek The-
ater, Travel Town (an outdoor museum of railroad engines
and cars) and a huge carousel, as well as recreational facili-
ties, picnic areas, golf courses, horse trails and wilderness
areas. During the day it is thronged with families, horseback
riders and golfers, but after the gates close at 10 p.m., it's a
different story. For a while mortal gangs roamed its premises,
but that came to a sudden and mysterious end. Several
vampires have disappeared in the area as well.

Chapter Three: Geography 43


Most of the Kindred believe that a pack of werewolves
have moved into the area, and the burn-off in October 1993
was in part retaliation for what were believed to be Lupine
attacks on vampires. This belief suits the Black Spiral Danc-
ers just fine, because it helps take attention away from the fact
that deep inside the park is a cave connecting to a Wyrm
caern far underground. This is a Level Two caern of consid-
erable power, but its depth means that the corruption spreads
as it moves upwards, so that it affects a large area, but less
strongly than it otherwise would. This is the source of the
city's foulness, and helps explain why Los Angeles has always
been a haven for the weak and corrupt. Occasionally crea-
tures of the Wyrm find their way up out of the caverns.
Currently, three Skull Pigs are wandering through Griffith
Park, feasting on the bones in the nearby Forest Lawn
cemetery and killing occasional humans (and vampires) to
supplement their diet.

Los Angeles Zoo: Covering 113 acres, the Zoo displays
more than 2,000 animals from five continents in natural
settings. There are wildlife shows and people are allowed to
bring picnics. It is a favorite dining spot for Vegetaries who
prefer something a little exotic. Also in Griffith Park are the
remains of the original L.A. Zoo, which was abandoned when
the new one was built. Its caves and cages were a popular spot
for Rants, until the attendance grew too large. The Kindred
now leave it alone.

¢ Griffith Park Observatory and Planetarium: Located
on Mt. Hollywood, this isa good place to see panoramic views
of Los Angeles. On clear evenings, the twin refracting
telescopes can be used to view the heavens and the sky is
reproduced in the indoors planetarium. There is also a Hall
of Science with an exhibition depicting man's interaction
with space. The highlight of the observatory for most visitors
is the Laserium, in which lasers and music are combined into
mind-boggling shows.

* Gene Autry Western Heritage Museum: This mu-
seum uses paintings, artifacts, and audiovisual shows to the
history of settlement across the United States.

The Northwest
Baronies

These are by the far the most isolated baronies in the
greater Los Angeles area. They tend to be small, often
consisting of just one or two vampires, and rarely have much
to do with one another or with Kindred politics in general.

Simi Valley
Population: 100,000 mortals, 3 vampires
This fairly isolated valley, which lies north and west of
Los Angeles, is currently dominated by a small Sabbat pack
that roared into town on their bikes. They slaughtered the
Gangrel couple that was living here, and are temporarily

feeding off the populace. Any group that removed this threat
to the security of the Free States would receive the gratitude
of the local Kindred community.

Santa Clarita

Population: 110,000 mortals, 2 vampires

This area, far to the north of Los Angeles, is "held" by a
young vampire couple named Walter and Millie Gaspars.
Caitiff in the most complete sense of the word, they think
theyare the only vampires in existence, and would be thrilled
to discover that they are part of a larger community. The
Gaspars are both Farmers, in the Kindred meaning of the
term, although recently Walter has been looking longingly at
some of the local children.

© Six Flags/Magic Mountain: Far to the north of Ana-
heim and Orange County is a 260-acre entry in Southern
California's amusement park competition, containing over
100 rides with such spine-chilling names as Ninja, Freefall,
Viper and Psyclone. This is where the diehard thrill-seekers
go. There is also an animal farm, Bugs Bunny World and an
amphitheater.

The San Fernando Valley

Population: 1,000,000 mortals, 5 vampires

This region stretches from the Santa Monica mountains
east to the San Gabriel Mountains and contains the commu-
nities of Studio City, Sunland Tujunga, Sun Valley, Lakeview
Terrace, Granada Hills, Chatsworth, Van Nuys, Encino,
Sherman Oaks, North Hollywood, Sylmar, Pacoima, Arleta,
Tarzana, Reseda and Woodland Hills. It is most famous for its
gift to American culture, the Valley Girl.

"The Valley," as it is always referred to in L.A., had until
recently been thought of a the last bastion of middle-class
culture and morality in Los Angeles, but this is no longer the
case. The neighborhoods in the Valley now range from low-
income, almost totally Spanish-speaking communities like
Pacoima to the impossibly rich in Encino. Encino in particu-
lar was a favorite place for movie stars to buy "ranches" and
live in relative peace in the '40s and '50s. Mickey Rooney,
Broderick Crawford, Al Jolson, Ruby Keeler, Don Ameche,
Walter Brennan, Mary Astor, Roy Rogers and Dale Evans
(before they moved to the high desert), Spencer Tracy, John
Wayne and W.C. Fields all had homes in this lovely area.

Very few Kindred make their homes in the Valley, since
the area is still quite suburban. A house that is completely
blacked out by day and only shows signs of occupation at
night would be bound to excite comment. However, access
is easy since five freeways cross it at various points, and the
vampires of Hollywood and Downtown do much of their
feeding here. This has allowed the central Los Angeles area
to support many more vampires than its population would
suggest.


THE NORTHWEST BARONIES

BARONY OF
SANTA CLARITA

Six Flags

Santa Susana San Gabriel
Mountains Mountains

%o,
"My,

%
rey Foes Pacoima "% Sunland

San! Femanad® Val!
z Granada Hills
BARONY OF SIMI Devonshire St a

Chatsworth
BARONY OF SAN FERNANDO VALLEY Lig)

Ive.

bf

Roscoe Bid
— Sun Valley

5]
9

fs
Ss

BURBANK

Reseda Bi

‘Sherman Way

pai SANN UA

Reseda
Burbank Bivd. LS ]

GLENDALE
N. Hollywood

fopanga Canyon Bivd

Ve Encino
I Tarzana Ventira Ventura agg ~
Woodland
ome e Sherman — Studio City i
D oaks é
Co

pra eperindes

‘SantaMonica
Mountains National
Recreational Area

Topanga ena

PASADENA

‘Santa Monica Mountains

al
LUPINE TERRITORY G

Wishiro

J. Paul Getty Museum DOWNTOWN
=

Mallow Pacific Coast

BO0Ue1D 7

Frwy

pas

=

<

WESTLA. 8
&
$
z

Siauson Ave,

Loyola Marymount
University

r-
5
a a
:
g

Manchester Ave.

Harbor Freeway

Gi CRYPT'S SONS

S

Rosecrans Ave.

PACIFIC OCEAN

Artesia Biva Redondo
191] Beach Frwy.

TORRANCE


e ©.
upine Territory

Malibu, Topanga Canyon and the surrounding Santa
Monica Mountains have been completely devoid of Kindred
ever since the first night of the revolt. No elder vampire
would be foolish enough to go up there, and the young ones
who do don't come back. The werewolves guard the area, and
particularly the Canyon, with a ferocity that surprises even
those who know how deeply the Lupines hate the Kindred.
The reason for this is a caern lying deep in the middle of
Topanga Canyon. The caern, although minor, is one of the
last in this part of the country and the Black Furies therefore
defend it viciously. Those mortals who are attuned to the
emanations from the caern have long been attracted to the
area, and the Canyon is well known as a gathering place for
artisans, psychics and nature lovers of all kinds.

Malibu was originally part of a large land grant, owned
by Mary Rindge. She was a tough, ornery old woman who
fought a 27-year court battle to hang onto her property in the
face of L.A.'s desire to build a road from the coast inland to
the Valley. Ultimately she lost her case in the Supreme Court
and, knowing what would happen, she began to sell parcels
of her land. One of these — the very exclusive beachfront
area — became the Malibu Colony or ,more simply, "The
Colony." Much like Fire Island in New York, this is where
writers, artists and movie people fled to escape the pressures
of business in Hollywood and Beverly Hills. As such, it also
becamea major gathering place for the Los Angeles Toreador
in the days before the Revolt. Known for spontaneous inti-
mate gatherings of 100 or so, this was certainly the place to
be. Tales of the endless debauches enjoyed by the chosen few
who ruled Los Angeles helped to fuel the flames of resent-
ment that eventually broke out in the Revolt.

Since there have been no Kindred in the Malibu area
since that time the level of decadence has dropped consider-
ably. It is still the home of many actors and other wealthy
"artsy" types, but the crazed excesses of the late '30s and early
‘40s which so amused the Toreador are mostly things of the
past. Among the Lupines, quite a few of the younger Glass
Walkers have left the family estates in Pasadena, and moved
here, both to prove their independence and to be near the
movie stars they admire.

¢ J. Paul Getty Museum: Built on the estate of the
famous billionaire, the museum overlooks the beautiful Cali-
fornia coast. This world-renowned landmark is a re-creation
ofan ancient Roman villa which holds a magnificent collec-
tion of Greek and Roman antiquities and illuminated
manuscripts, as well as rooms of 18th and 19th century art
and furniture. Its inaccessibility is enormously frustrating to
the Kindred of L.A., particularly the Toreador, who would
love to explore the antiquities of the museum but are kept
away by fear of the Lupines.

* Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area:
This area is full of Indian sites and has been used for cabins
and retreats, movie locations, and ranches. It includes state

beaches, county parks, canyon preserves, and many scenic
corridors. There are at least 24 different park areas, as well as
the famous Paramount Ranch. 150,000 acres of rugged moun-
tains, steep canyons, woodlands and beach are included in
this area, providing plentiful opportunities for hikers and
campers (and werewolves).

The recreation area has been the subject of much litiga-
tion and preservation/ conservation problems. The Santa
Monica Mountain Conservancy (with the covert help of the
local Lupines) is battling developers to save some of the rustic
acreage.

West Los Angeles

Population: 330,000 mortals, four vampires

Although the Kindred of the Free States call the areas
controlled by specific gangs "baronies," and the leaders of
those gangs "barons," this is really a misnomer. The "barons"
of L.A. bear very little resemblance to their medieval coun-
terparts. ..exceptin West L.A. Louis Fortier, a 9th generation.
Ventrue, runs his territory as if he were still in medieval
France. If he is shown proper respect, he can be very easy to
get along with; in fact he is far more accommodating to other
Kindred "hunting on his lands" than many of the other
"barons". On the other hand, he can be absolutely ruthless to
Kindred who he feels have been disrespectful or ungrateful.

From his mansion in the hills of Bel Air, Louis controls
Beverly Hills, Santa Monica, Pacific Palisades, Marina del
Rey and Venice, some of the most valuable real estate in the
world. The other three Kindred who live in the barony are all
Louis' Blood Bound mistresses, and each is a remarkable
woman, as well as a striking beauty. Louis also maintains a
small army of ghouls, who act as both retainers and scouts.

It is very rare for anything to go on in West Los Angeles
without Louis' knowledge. He is also far more involved in the
economics and politics of his area than most barons. His
ongoing control of the businesses in West Los Angeles may
explain the relative economic stability of that region, in
contrast with the insanity of the rest of the L.A. area.

Many of the local landmarks are the communities them-
selves and of course, the famous California coast:

© The Coast: One of California's main attractions is its
long stretch of coastline. Southern Californians enjoy a
world-wide reputation for spending hours at the beach,
surfing and pursuing other apparently idyllic activities. At
regular intervals along the coast there are small communities
with famous names like Venice and Malibu, consisting of
little houses and apartments built right on the sand.

Santa Monica: This popular ocean resort also offers
Palisades Park, a cliffside spot high above the Pacific Coast
Highway and perfect for strolling, picnicking, photography
and painting. Santa Monica currently has the highest
vagrant population in the city, making it a favorite hunting
ground for the L.A. Kindred.


ARONY OF WEST LOS ANGELES SAN FERNANDO VALLEY

‘Santa Monica Mountains
National Recreation Area

LUPINE
TERRITORY

Bel Air
set OO
vi

Wilshire Bivd,

Veterans Memorial Gemetery =

Self-Realization
8 Fellowship Lake Shrine Armand Hammer Museum of Art .
Century City
Pacific
Palisades Fs

‘paIg BBOUEID By

Pacific Coast Hy.

Ly
DOWNTOWN —=—>

Monica

BARONY OF WEST LOS ANGELES

Venice

Manchester Ave.

CRYPTS
Toate
beara SONS

Airport

PACIFIC OCEAN fod

a oS
TORRANCE

Rosecrans Ave.


* Venice: Originally founded by Abbot Kinney, a
native of New Jersey who had to move west for his health, the
city was designed around a 15-mile network of canals based
on those in Venice, Italy. Unfortunately, in 1930 many of the
canals were filled in, but some remain as a memorial to Mr.
Kinney's artistic vision. Further down the economic scale
(and southward from Santa Monica), Venice Beach isa laid-
back community of aging hippies, unemployed actors and
beach bums, famous forits bikini-clad bikers and rollerskaters.

© Marina del Rey: Definitely an upscale beach commu-
nity, "the Marina" sports colorful Cape Cod-style buildings
along the harbor that house trendy shops and restaurants,
including subsidiaries of famous Italian eateries in San
Francisco.

© Beverly Hills: This world-famous city, which is sepa-
rate administratively from the City of Los Angeles which
surrounds it, is a favorite place for some of the wealthiest
people in the world to make their homes. North and south of
Sunset Boulevard, which winds through Beverly Hills, are
huge mansions and estates. Farther south, on streets such as
Beverly, Camden and the infamous Rodeo Drive, are the
wildly expensive boutiques where the rich come to spend
their money. (For an idea of what a shopping trip in Beverly
Hills can be like, see the recent film Pretty Woman)

Before the Revolt, quite a few vampires made their
homes in Beverly Hills and surrounding areas, but since then
Louis Fortier has permitted no Kindred to take up permanent
residence here.

¢ Armand Hammer Museum of Art and Cultural
Center: Located in Westwood , the village community that
grew up around UCLA, the museum is heavily funded by the
wealthy industrialist whose name it bears. It often hosts
exhibits of valuable antiquities in addition to its excellent
collection of paintings by such masters as Rembrandt, Van
Gogh and Monet. It also houses a Da Vinci manuscript with
over 360 drawings, as well as (unknown to the curators)

several stone tablets containing untranslated fragments from

the Book of Nod.

© Veterans Memorial Cemetery: While L.A. is the
home of the famous Forest Lawn cemetery, a much more
understated and moving tribute to the dead is located along
the San Diego Freeway in West Los Angeles. Acresand acres
of identical white headstones mark the final resting place of
men and women who have died in the service of their
country. It is a silent and eerie place, even in the daylight,
possibly because of the presence of several restless spirits

© University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA):
One of the best-known universities in the world, on a
beautiful campus spread across 420 acres, UCLA enrolls
more than 34,000 students a year. Notable areas on campus
include: Schoenberg Hall, and Royce Hall where concerts
and theatrical productions are open to the public; Edwin W.
Pauley Pavilion, a major sports complex which housed some
of the 1984 Olympic events; Franklin D. Murphy Sculpture
Garden which includes robust bronzes by Henry Moore;
Mildred E. Mathias Botanical Garden, eight acres of native,


subtropical and exotic plants — a place young women are
always cautioned not to walk in alone: Wight Art Gallery,
which hosts major art exhibits all year; and Anderson School
of Business, not much in the way of architecture, but ranked
as one of the top business schools in the country.

During the third week of November each year, the city
is gripped by college football fever as the UCLA Bruins and
the USC Trojans play their annual game. More than just
another round in the Pac-10 Conference, this game takes on
monumental proportions, in the minds of the students who
raid each other's campus in attempts to vandalize the school
statuary. Even the Kindred are gripped by this fever, and
several Final Deaths have been attributed to the interschool
rivalry.

© Self-Realization Fellowship Lake Shrine: Located in
the ritzy neighborhood of Pacific Palisades, the Shrine con-
sists of a 10-acre site with a lake and a "wall-less temple"
housing the Gandhi World Peace Memorial. There is also a
bird refuge, a sunken garden and various scale-model build-
ings representing the five major religions of the world.

¢ Century City: Just west of Beverly Hills, this is a
combination of high-rise office buildings and a massive
shopping complex , all occupying several city blocks, and was
built by optimistic developers as the mini-city of the future.
Law offices abound, as well as doctors' offices in the high-rises
and in the expensive Century City Hospital complex on the
south side of the area. ABC built a huge entertainment
complex, which includes several large movie theaters and the
(legitimate) Schubert Theater. The Century Plaza Hotel is
home to travelers from all over the world. The themed street
names, Century Park East and West, Constellation Avenue
and Avenue of the Stars, give you an idea of what to expect.
The Century City Shopping Plaza has movie theaters, major
department stores, trendy boutiques, bistro-type restaurants,
and a huge parking complex that is often used for movie car
chases (the second parking-lot shootout in Into the Night was
filmed here). Bordered on the north and south by major
streets, Century City is close to Westwood, Beverly Hills and
West Hollywood, and is also very popular with the Kindred.

¢ Los Angeles Mormon Temple (Church of Jesus
Christ of the Latter-Day Saints): Perched at the top ofa 257-
foot tower, the 15-foot-tall golden statue of the angel Moroni
appears to call the faithful to enter one of the largest Mormon
temples in the world. The sanctuary itself is closed to non-
Mormons, but tours are given of the rest of the facility, and
the vast genealogical library is open to everyone.

* Culver City: Culver City is home to a number of
movie studios, but this isn'ta new phenomenon. Some of the
first movie makers attracted to the area by Christopher built
their studios here. Ince's Studio was built in 1919. Other film
companies that have settled into this part of West Los
Angeles over the years include Selznick, DeMille, Culver
City Studios, RKO Studios, Hal Roach Studios, United
Artists, Desilu, Laird, M-G-M, Lorimar, and Sony. The
Culver Hotel was once owned by John Wayne and Red

Skelton, and provided housing to the "little people" during
the filming of The Wizard of Oz. Culver City was also the
location for the burning of Atlanta sequence in Gone with the
Wind.

The Central
Baronies

These tend to be the larger baronies, controlled by the
larger gangs. The Crypt's Sons and El Hermandad are both
based here, and this area has the largest number of clashes
between gang members.

The Crypt's Sons

Population: 1,500,000 mortals, 25 vampires

Without question, the most powerful Kindred gang in
the Free States is the Crypt's Sons. The mortal gangs are very
active in this area too, and the police are at their most hair-
trigger when patrolling here. Most of the barony is
economically depressed, and a vast majority of its citizens are
black. This was the site of the 1965 and 1992 riots, and there
are still many burned-out businesses whose owners have no
intention of rebuilding. The barony is on the whole ugly,
dreary, and very, very tense.

Itisalsoa very dangerous area for Kindred to hunt if they
arenot members of the Crypt's Sons. Mohammed al-Muthlim,
the leader of the gang, has stated flatly that any Kindred who
feeds here without his permission will die the Final Death in
as hideous a manner as he can devise. The few corpses that
have been recovered suggest that Mohammed has a vivid
imagination.

© Downey: Downey's major contribution to American
culture occurred on August 18, 1953, when Ray Kroc opened
the first McDonald's Family Restaurant here.

© Hollywood Park: Located in Inglewood, this is one
of the oldest race tracks on the West Coast. Like many of the
other tracks in L.A., Hollywood Park offers night racing.

¢ The Great Western Forum: This Roman-inspired
sports and entertainment complex is the home of the Los
Angeles Lakers (basketball), the Kings (hockey), the Strings
(tennis), and many concerts and boxing events.

© University of Southern California (USC): A private
institution across from Exposition Park (q.v.), this is one of
the oldest private universities in the West. Built on 150 acres,
USC is home to almost 30,000 students a year. Widney
Alumni House was the first building on campus and is the
second-oldest school structure in California. The McDonalds
Swim Stadium housed the 1984 Olympics swimming and
diving events. Near the center of campus, in Founders Park,
is a 400-pound boulder quarried before 1200 B.C. from
ancient Troy. Naturally, the school teams are named "the
Trojans." Arnold Schoenberg Institute houses the complete

Chapter Three: Geography


archives and library of the great 20th-century composer. The
Bing Theater offers theatrical productions year-round.

Exposition Park

Across Exposition Boulevard from USC, this spot was
originally called "Agricultural Park," and was developed for
annual horse races. Under the grandstand was the longest bar
in the city, where nothing but beer was served. Thanks to the
efforts of the overly zealous William Bowen, gambling was
outlawed and horse racing ceased. But Bowen also convinced
the government to improve the once-tawdry park, which is
now a civic, cultural and recreational center. The park
includes a seven acre sunken rose garden, which is a popular
site for private outdoor weddings. The following points of
interest are also found inside the park:

* California Afro-American Museum: Built at the
insistence of Mohammed al-Muthlim, this excellent mu-
seum houses a permanent fine arts and history collection
including paintings, photos, films and artifacts detailing
African-American life.

© California Museum of Science and Industry: This
wonderful place offers hands-on exhibits about all aspects of
science including math, computers, medicine and space. It
includes an Aerospace Hall which has an IMAX Theater.

¢ Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County:
Detailed habitats from around the world include: taxidermy
wonders displayed in glass-covered dioramas; a large dinosaur
/ prehistoric fossil display; a mineral collection; a cut gem-
stone collection; and the skeletal remains of "Megamouth,"
supposedly the world's rarest shark. There are also history
galleries showing life in California and the Southwest from
1540 to 1940, as well as pre-Columbian archaeology. Most
who grew up in Los Angeles have vivid memories of looking
at the stuffed woolly mammoth in the "Dawn of Man" room.

* Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena: This indoor
sports and entertainment facility is home to the Los Angeles
Clippers and the USC Trojans basketball teams. Other
events often held here include concerts, a circus, ice shows
and trade expositions.

© Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum: This famous out-
door sports oval hosts the Los Angeles Raiders and the USC
Trojans football teams. Built for the 1932 Olympics, it was
the site of many track and field events of the 1984 Olympics,
as well as the opening and closing ceremonies.

El Hermandad
Population: 810,000 mortals, 12 vampires

This barony, embraces the communities of East Los
Angeles, Montebello, Pico Rivera, Monterey Park, South El
Monte, Alhambra, San Gabriel, Rosemead, El Monte, Arcadia
and Temple City It is usually known by the name of the gang
that controls it, El Hermandad, or "the Brotherhood." El
Hermandad is struggling mightily against Mohammed al-
Muthlim's Crypt's Sons from South Central L.A.

The area is made up of some of the poorest sections of
Los Angeles, and is mostly populated by immigrants (legal
and illegal) from Mexico and Central and South America.
Billboards are written in Spanish, and any given citizen on
the street is likely to speak English very poorly or not at all.
A number of vicious mortal gangs can be found here, against
which the Los Angeles police department are powerless. The
gang conflicts in the area are so bad that recently the
Mexican Mafia had to step in, threatening the "home boys"
with violence if they continued to shoot up their own barrios.
Though this has reduced the danger somewhat Kindred who
travel in this area should expect trouble.

The vampires who reside here are all loyal to Salvador,
who is widely regarded as the baron of the area. Since
Salvador isn't here most of the time, day-to-day running of
the gang is left to his lieutenant, Jesus Ramirez.

* Santa Anita: This is one of the most famous Thor-
oughbred horse racing tracks in the U.S. Built in Arcadia in
1934, it was where such racing advances as the magnetically-
controlled starting gate and the photo finish were first
introduced.

* Los Angeles State and County Arboretum: Located
in Arcadia, this park includes approximately 130 acres of
botanical life arranged by continent. It also boasts a horticul-
tural research center, a reference library and bird sanctuary.
Other attractions are the Queen Anne Cottage and coach
barn, the Hugo Reid Adobe, the Santa Fe Railroad depot and
a walk through a subtropical jungle. Although (or perhaps
because) the Arboretum is not open after dark, it is a favorite
place for the Kindred to gather and serves as unofficial
Elysium in the middle of horrible urban decay.

*® Mission San Gabriel Arcangel: Founded September
8, 1771, this was the first mission built in the Los Angeles
area. It is currently undergoing restoration after sustaining
major damage in the 1987 earthquake.

Covina

Population: 410,000 mortals, six vampires

This area, made up of Covina, West Covina, La Puente,
Baldwin Park, Duarte, Azusa, Monrovia, Glendoraand Char-
ter Oaks, is a good example of a barony without a baron. The
area contains only six vampires who act independently, but
usually support one another when called upon. Some of them
have ties to members of El Hermandad, and would probably
side with that gang in the event of a war with the Crypt's
Sons.

Whittier
Population: 400,000 mortals, seven vampires
The Barony of Whittier comprises the communities of
Whittier, Norwalk, La Habra, La Mirada and Santa Fe
Springs. Like their brothers in Covina, the somewhat more
upscale Kindred here would support El Hermandad if they

had to, but they would strongly prefer to be left alone. They
are led by Gloria Martinez.


WISHYNY

sue é m
- Hovaa 38 2
ANY NOT sa) 3 SONVYEHOL
eprsvonny 2 3 3 E
@ s t 5 ? Asis yse0g opuopoy
3 § % s
° Ce) 6 3
3 2 4
106 | o 5 PPRUW 2 ony suBisesoy,
2 F3 .
$ é z felon ANOuva UoIdwog 1s
Pr f& * > @ snos
[2s] euqeH &7 2 YSLLIHM SdAHO 3 Foulkes
ny renueg > 4OANOuVa in ‘AOUMOG 3 >
™ ‘Mteptio boon 8 ao & ea poomAyoy
ee ish suepie9 ~ < SHEM ionog & POOMe|Su)
aeH leg 118g 19 2ues0,,, 5 ‘env sosoyouy
82u9,0). tas
SCUMBHL [6c poomieyy ey © oul
a yey vou, =
ewjon SIYSIAH >
MO eM ee F a wn ysis
Jeg z § ‘ony uosm c
3) 3 8 bu, 2 J2IUM, BIaAl ‘s
puowwig 19 Bote, F: HOA ecient Bree 2
2 siybiey } wos é
e epuaioeyy Fee 2
inujem Png, 4
Na awueng e7 Naa, ~
os My
> Kross
¢ £ awoyy 13 z. ed NMOLNMOG
Lon} & yinog go Aeiejuoy,
Bunion eureg | pew.
zy Om A ay fo)
< < meg 3 peawasoy _. a
seo 2 5 umpieg ANOYW 3 Bsqueyry a —
Jeueyo, § 3 ~ OVONVWYSH 2 jeugep eve'
G < $ Lae as ene
ony ejdwaj 3
é ra) /
Biopua| F
ary vNzqvsvd =f dud
y HLUISSIuS,
aueng 37V0N379
YNIAOO PIAOLUOW an, 3
4O ANOuva ty opwo1od > Kus —
= 6

SSINOUVE Iv IN39 SHL

a

NVvaung

pie

LaCienega

Lankershim

Lz.)
v1LSam

A ors

oO
RS

Po

D envoy

PAI 4ueqing

ASTIWA
OONYNHS4
NYS


¢ Whittier: Founded as a colony of Quakers in 1886,
Whittier has the questionable distinction of being the birth-
place of Richard M. Nixon. Whittier College is now the
home of the Nixon Papers.

* Rose Hills Memorial Park: Located in Whittier, this
is one of the largest cemeteries in the world, with a 3.5-acre
Pageant of Roses Garden and a Japanese garden with a tea
house as well as lakes and many arched bridges, to soothe the
silent inhabitants.

The Wilds

Population: 180,000 mortals, three vampires

This sparsely populated area, technically is not a barony
atall, since it holds no gangs as such, and certainly no baron.
It is mostly wilderness, but contains the communities of
Hacienda Heights, La Habra Heights, Rowland Heights,
Diamond Bar and Walnut. Various small groups have laid
claim to the area in the past, but all have disappeared after
a few months — until recently. For the past several years
three powerful Gangrel have been roaming here. They ap-
pear to have no ambitions other than keeping other Kindred
from hunting on their land, so they are left alone.

¢ Hsi Lai Buddhist Temple: Located in Hacienda
Heights, this building includes a main shrine and meditation
hall, and several auxiliary buildings and rooms. The main
shrine contains three gilded Buddhas and golden chande-
liers, as well as hundreds of small Buddhas in niches along its
walls.

The Northeast
Baronies

The three territories that make up this area are baronies
in name only. One of them has only one vampire, while the
other two contain only a few kindred, who are either related
or know one another very well.

Pasadena

Population: 240,000 mortals, four vampires

This area is a good example of a baron (and a baroness)
almost without a barony. It is small, consisting of Pasadena,
Altadena, Sierra Madre, South Pasadena, La Canada
Flintridge, Highland Park and San Marino; as far as anyone
knows, it contains only Edward and Vera Vignes and their
servant, Henry Waters. Two of the very few Ventrue elders
to have escaped the wrath of the Revolt, the Vignes have
maintained their situation by appearing to be steadfastly
apolitical. Strangely enough for a Vampire chronicle, that is
exactly what they are. As long as they are left alone to hunt
in Pasadena, they are relatively harmless. It is only if they are
pestered that they will display the awesome power of enraged
Ventrue elders. Fortunately, this has not happened in a long
time. Henry Waters is a mysterious young man who appears

to be completely Blood Bound to the Vignes, and actsas their
eyes and ears throughout the northeastern part of the Los
Angeles area.

Living deep in the Pasadena hills, unknown to the
Vignes(but not to Henry Waters) is an ancient Nosferatu
named Alonzo Guillen, who knows just about everything.
There are also a large number of Glass Walker Garou living
in the Pasadena area. Their elder, Don Alonzo, knows the
Vignes socially. He is not aware of their true nature, nor they
his.

Highland Park: This was the first area to be annexed
to the original Los Angeles city boundaries, due to a per-
ceived need for "law and order." The area was the site of
several notorious roadhouses, the arroyo here was favored by
bandits preying on travelers.

¢ Rose Bowl: Home to the "Granddaddy of ‘emall," the
annual football game played on New Year's Day between the
leaders of the Pac-10 and Big 10, this 100,000-seat arena also
hosts a huge monthly swap meet.

The Rose Parade: One of the oldest annual parades in
the country, this event is held on New Year's Day and boasts
equestrian units, marching bands and floats whose decora-
tions must be made entirely out of plants and flowers.

* California Institute of Technology (Caltech): This
internationally-famous institution has been home to some of
the great scientific minds of the past century. Of Particular
interest are the miles and miles of tunnels in which some
frighteningly realistic live action games have been run by the
clever students. The campus has also become a favorite
hunting ground for some of the younger, more adventurous
Kindred who are willing to risk a run-in with Henry Waters
orthe Vignes. The Institute is heavily influenced by the Glass
Walker Garou who live in the area, and who do much of their
research in the highly sophisticated laboratories with which
they have endowed the it. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory
(JPL) is also administered by Caltech and the Glass Walkers.

¢ Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical
Gardens: This beautiful place, built on the 200-acre Hun-
tington estate in San Mapino, houses one of the world's great
collections of rare books and manuscripts. including a
Gutenberg Bible, the Ellesmere Chaucer and Ben Franklin's
handwritten autobiography. The art gallery contains 18th-
century British and European paintings, rare tapestries,
porcelains, miniatures, sculpture and furniture. The botani-
cal gardens cover 130.acresand display 14,000 plant varieties.
This is one of Jeremy's favorite haunts, and he will often hold
meetings here rather than at City Hall.

© Descanso Gardens: This beautiful botanical center in
La Canada Flintridge is home to 100,000 camellias from
around the world, as well as roses, lilacs, orchids and other
exotic flora. Lectures and classes are held in the George Van
de Kamp Hall, and the lovely Japanese garden includes a
teahouse.

© Angeles National Forest: This preserve covers more
than 650,000 acres in the rugged San Gabriel Mountains.


SAN FERNANDO VALLEY

THE NORTHEAST BARONIES

BARONY OF
BURBANK

Burbank

urbank Blvd

Ventura

GRIFFITH
PARK

pivd:

Sunset

a Monica

Olympic

e6ou09 #7

Monica

Siauson Ave.

Manchester Ave

.
Brand Library

BARONY OF
GLENDALE

Glendale
.
Norton Simon
Musoum

DOWNTOWN

Angeles National Forest

La Canada
itridge

Sierra
Madre
Fy,

BARONY OF
ERSADENA Pasadena

Rose Bow! colorado
| Cahech

Huntington
Ubrary

South

eo
Pasadena

Highland
Park

an Bernardino

EL HERMANDAD
Pomona

wi
Mitton eivey

@ 172)

CRYPT'S SONS

WHITTIER

Firestone


Terrain varies from desert to high mountain ridges and
heavily-timbered areas that get snow in the winter. Mount
"Baldy," technically Mount San Antonio, reaches 10,064
feet. There are more than 80 campgrounds, picnic areas and
hiking trails; the forest also contains Crystal Lake and five
major skiing areas. While no one has seen any Lupines in the
area it is most certainly NOT recommended for Kindred.
Several groups of Ravnos have gone into the forest and not
returned.

Glendale

Population: 200,000 mortals, two vampires

Identical twin sisters, Edith and Enid Blount live in a
rotting mansion in the foothills of Glendale. Social acquain-
tances of the Vignes, they have dominated Glendale and its
mortal politics since the disappearance of their father in 1927.
Unlike many barons, the Blount sisters permit limited hunting
in their barony "as long as everyone is nice about it," and the
Glendale Galleria is a major draw for young Kindred on the
hunt. On the other hand, a number of Kindred have disap-
peared in the area recently, and the local gossip has it that there
is something besides the Blounts living in the hills.

© Glendale Galleria: The idea of a shopping mall origi-
nated in California (of course!) and the Glendale Galleria isa
superb example often simply called "The Galleria," the mall
contains 250 stores enclosed in a huge indoor complex.

* Norton Simon Museum: A well-known museum of art
from the early Renaissance through the mid-20th Century, this
distinctive building sports a large rose on its side on New Years
Day and can be seen during telecasts of the Rose Parade.

© Brand Library and Art Galleries: In the foothills of
Glendale lies this 1904 Moorish-style mansion. built by Leslie
Brand, a very flamboyant character in the history of Los
Angeles it features an art gallery, art and music library, studio
and performance facilities and a Japanese teahouse.

* Forest Lawn Memorial Park: It stands to reason that in
an area renowned for its theatricality, not even Death escapes
a little glitz. The largest company to benefit from mortals'
inevitable demise is Forest Lawn, with three thriving sites in
Southern California: Glendale, Hollywood Hills and Covina.

The mortuary in Glendale is enclosed in a sedate 300-acre
park that includes: Carrara marble replicas of the world's most
famous statues; a sanctuary with immense stained-glass win-
dows; and a Memorial Terrace, complete with a stained-glass
rendition of "The Last Supper" that is shown daily every half-
hour. But wait — there's more! Displayed in the Hall of the
Crucifixion- Resurrection, is Jan Styka's 45x195-foot "Cruci-
fixion," reputed to be one of the world's largest religious oil
paintings. As if that weren't enough, his "Resurrection" (a mere
51x70 feet) accompanies it. Both are shown daily on the hour
and monetary donations are accepted, of course.

The Glendale site also houses a Biblical coin collection, a
gem collection, American bronze statuary, stained glass from
the 11th to 15th centuries and a Michelangelo exhibit. Oh yes,
and dead bodies. Lots of dead bodies.

Burbank

Population: 93,000 mortals, one vampire

This barony includes three of the busiest movie studios
in the world: Universal, Warner Brothers and Walt Disney.
Other than that, it is mostly a bedroom community for folks
working in the studios and downtown. It attracts a lot of
visiting Kindred, though few want to stay here. It is "ruled"
by a Malkavian known as Bela, who hangs around the
haunts of his former glories. Bela, who was once a "Count"
but has been demoted to "Baron," is both beloved and
laughed at by the rest of the Kindred in Los Angeles.

Los Angeles Equestrian Center: Vegetaries can find
no better hunting than here, where the horses of the
wealthy are cosseted and shown off.

Forest Lawn Memorial Park-Hollywood Hills: This
340-acre cemetery contains (more) Carrara marble statuary,
a 15-acre Court of Liberty with a 60-foot marble-and-bronze
copy of the Washington Monument, a replica of the Liberty
Bell and a 30x165-foot mosaic entitled "The Birth of Lib-
erty." There is also a Museum of Mexican History, an
outdoor plaza with replicas of Mexican sculpture and a
reproduction of Boston's Old North Church. Also, more
dead bodies.

© Universal City: Originally a chicken ranch, which
Carl Laemmle purchased in 1915 and converted to a movie
studio, this is the only "city" devoted entirely to movie and
television production. Located south of the Media District
in Burbank, this is a very busy studio agglomeration of shops
and restaurants, that features a tram tour of Universal
Studios' back lot, augmented by attractions such as those
based on King Kong and Battlestar Galactica. There is also an
Entertainment Center, where live shows are performed
several times a day by daring stuntpeople who recreate such
notable action settings as Conan, Star Trek, and Miami Vice.
"Citywalk", which is a fantasy recreation of the streets of
New York, comprises expensive stores and trendy restau-
rants. Is currently the place for the Valley Girl set to see and
be seen and is typically thronged with Kindred and kine
alike. Also in the complex is the Universal Amphitheater,
where major concerts are held during the summer.

The Southern
Baronies

The Southern Baronies support a population of vam-
pires unlike any other in the world. The groups who claim
this very large chunk of Southern California are almost all

young, laid-back surfers. It seems a strange place for the next _

large gang war to break out, but that seems to be what is about
to happen as the Kindred of Torrance prepare to try to take
over the Barony of Long Beach.

LA. by Night

;
:
r
;
1

ty
Nva00 O1sIowd

a é
ry
é Hovas
NOLONILNOH Hy
JO ANOMVE 8
A
g
é
peed
3 foun oySununlt
purewnos
Buy
eques &
z
8 3 NV VINYS soplon
o 8 40 ANOWVE soled
a) = = ousued
unsnk @ > (Mente yo suIUIsOM sequen voquaned
no
ye? nord i zz) yoerog 807 o os ot
0 NOPD Se!
e6ue0. on soyeisd
pAid oa Sepsen
WIBHYNY cowsewysor's 8 a Fa eywer sored
40 ANOHVE em F] 3
suse OT emer % ons & BONvuHOL ES
% c
wieueUy ‘N & ae @ 30 ANOWVS yoeod
i, suepi0: 8 Ses g § PS ne opuopad
F >, vos
eau ueyemeH © Poot $ yovasONOl akee eoueno, weed
t o F Ko)
ee) o sowed % g 40 ANOBYS HW esowlaH
er) g $
eisouy % juss yooos
pnuadeid souena) © g icy g aA o pa vison.
5B z sou ge euepied yoeed
9 A ~ 4 somoyileod eal ueneuuen
g ‘ & UNOWEIE:
o : 3 eS cS) a ny sues09808
2 Fs ewsouwner & Ly
A %
a $ " y:
Banco ; " gnosSudhdo 3 Lo
yaLLLHM a g
Ba, S "eq i
"ee, Fi — 7 omy sorsounuert a
a § oF 4 A
2 ry ‘an 3 4 g
a * a ® S $ =
a
E 3 [os]
&
a 3 ‘ony vosneis
wiisam

Sam aHL

NMOLNMOG


Long Beach
Population: 730,000 mortals, 12 vampires
Not really a gang, these 12 vampires are mostly free-

ranging surfer dudes who now do their surfing by night. The Lost
Boys could have been about this group. They control Long
Beach, Lakewood, Cerritos, Hawaiian Gardens, Artesia, Para-
mount, Los Amitos and Bellflower. They are loyal to their
"main man", Steve Booth, show up for the Rants when the
surfing isn't good, and actively discourage trespassers. Steve is
vaguely aware that David Geduld in Torrance is planning
something but has no idea whatitis, and in his typical laid-back
fashion, isn't going to worry about ituntil it's directly in his face.

Long Beach: California' fifth-largest city, Long Beach
was originally part of a 300,000-acre grant to Don Manuel de
Nieto from the King of Spain in 1784. Like the rest of the
Spanish land grants, it was eventually carved up into smaller
areas. William Willmore, an Englishman, bought 4,000acresin
1880 with plans to start an "American Colony" like the one
he'd seen in Pasadena. The first lots were sold in 1882 for $100
apiece, but only 12 homes were built and in 1884 Willmore
abandoned his plan. A more adventurous businessman named
A.T. Pomeroy bought Willmore's option and advertised his
new venture, Long Beach, asa seaside resort. With the addition
of a hotel, a railway station, and water supply, he was ready for
Don Sebastian's land boom of 1887. Long Beach is now one of
the busiest shipping centers along the Pacific Coast, as well as
site for onshore and offshore oil drilling. In late April every year,
the streets of Long Beach are closed off for the Toyota Grand
Prix.

© The Long Beach Convention and Entertainment
Center: This major entertainment complex includes three
separate theatrical venues. In addition, the Queen Mary ocean
liner is housed here (at least for now). There is an open-air mall
modeled after an old English village. A restored Looff carousel
is one of the main attractions at Shoreline Village, an outdoor
shopping and restaurant area with a nautical theme.

* Los Alamitos Race Course: This race track offers
Thoroughbred, quarter horse and harness racing. Most impor-
tantly for the Kindred, it also has night racing.

Barony of Torrance

Population: 760,000 mortals, 13 vampires

This barony is made up of the mostly wealthy commu-
nities of Torrance, Rancho Palos Verdes, Palos Verdes
Estates, Lomita, Redondo Beach, Hermosa Beach, Manhat-
tan Beach, Lawndale, Gardena, Hawthorne and Carson.
The kindred here are very similar to their Long Beach
brethren in that they are also surfers however, they are
slightly more upscale and quite a bit more politically aware,
thanks to their leader, David Geduld. David has claimed Los
Angeles Harbor for himself and is working on Long Beach
Harbor, recognizing its enormous economic potential. He
has been planning this expansion for several years and the
Torrance Kindred are psyched up for war with the Long
Beach. There have already been several clashes between the

two groups and it seems likely that a major war will start
there very soon.

* Redondo Beach: This beach community south of
Santa Monica hosts the annual International Surf Festival
each August. King Harbor contains restaurants, hotels and
shops; boating and biking, racquetball courts and a marina.

¢ Palos Verdes Peninsula: Rising above the Pacific
Ocean, this peninsula is the site of lovely, high-priced
communities. Along the beach below are many coves, three
of which are accessible to the public; Malaga Cove, Bluff
Cove and Lunada Bay. They are not the safest place for
mortals to sleep at night, however, since they are also
favorite night-surfing spots for the Torrance Kindred.

Huntington Beach

Population: 303,000 mortals, five vampires

Another group of righteous surfer dudes, these Kindred
would probably have joined in with Steve Booth and boys a
long time ago, but they are cut off from their long beach
brethren in by the US Naval Weapons Station at Seal
Beach. Asa result they pretty much party by themselves in
Huntington Beach, Seal Beach and Westminster. They
have no leader, and are hoping to stay out of the upcoming
war between the Long Beach and Torrance gangs.

Anaheim

Population: 484,000 mortals, eight vampires

Atthe moment the Barony of Anaheim, which is made up
of the communities of Anaheim, Buena Park, Placentia and
Fullerton, is playing host to a very vicious little gang war. One
group of four vampires led by, Allison Maller, is fighting another
group of four, led by Tom Weaver. Although both the princi-
pals have survived nicely, the death rate among their followers
is quite high and both sides are constantly looking for new
members. The local theme parks are supposed to be strictly off-
limits, but in fact both sides do a lot of recruiting there.

© Disneyland: What more can we say about "The Happi-
est Place on Earth™"? Opened in 1955, Disneyland (or "the
Park," as the Kindred refer to it) a unique kind of entertainment
that has been the model for the rest, and has drawn hundreds
of millions people through its gates. Consisting of eight "lands,"
whose rides share similar themes (fantasy, science fiction, Wild
West, etc.), Disneyland is the ultimate "family " experience.
Nothing in the Park is ugly, scary or dangerous, and even the
most raucous gang members tend to be well-behaved when they
are inside the gates. The Park is open 365 days year and rarely
(ifever) closes, except for natural disasters like earthquakes and
floods.

The existence of the Park as Elysium is so important to the
Kindred of the Free States that there is no need for peacekeep-
ers. Any vampire who starts a fight or just gets too rowdy here
will quickly find herself hustled out by other Kindred, even
those belonging to rival gangs, who don't want the peace
disturbed. This makes the Park an ideal place for political
machinations and clandestine meetings.


The Kindred would be far less enthusiastic about gathering
within Disneyland ifthey understood its real purpose. Disneyland
is actually a construct of the Technomancers' New World
Order, an early effort to expand the ability of the Convention
to manipulate reality through the perceptions of the masses.
Broadening those perceptions by placing people in fantasy
worlds broadens the ability of the Technocracy to manipulate
other realities. With the advent of "virtual reality" technology,
thisfunction for Disneyland has become less important, and the
park is now used for simple mind-control experiments and
gamering specimens for the labs of the Progenitors. The
Technomancers would be delighted to discover that vampires
were regularly found in their construct. ,

¢ Knotts Berry Farm: Located in Buena Park owned by
the politically conservative Knotts family (of jam and jelly
fame), this Old West theme park prides itself on displaying
family values and life in the "good old days." Having aligned
itself with the "Peanuts™" characters, in hopes of competing
with for it's far more successful neighbor down the road, Knott's
is open every day except Christmas.

Santa Ana

Population: 420,000 mortals, seven vampires

The Kindred of Santa Ana control the communities of
Santa Ana, Fountain Valley, Garden Grove, Orange and
Tustin. There would long ago have been pulled into the
destructive war in Anaheim if it weren't for their leader, a
mysterious woman who calls herself "Amethyst." She abso-
lutely controls the other five vampires and of molding them
intoan effective combat group, fora purpose only she knows. In
fact, she is using Tom Weaver (who is secretly Blood Bound to
her) to try to take over the Anaheim area.

PACIFIC OCEAN Giese

7 BARONY OF SAN DIEGO

© Crystal Cathedral of the Reformed Church in America:
This staggering monument to fund-raising, located in Garden
Grove, is home to the televangelist Reverend Robert Schuller
and his huge congregation. There is no evidence that the
building causes any discomfort for the Kindred.

The Outlying
Baronies

Most Kindred equate the Anarch Free States with the
greater Los Angeles area, which makes sense since over 85%
of the Kindred in the Free States live there. There are,
however, three other outlying baronies San Diego, Fresno
and San Jose. They were all brought into the Free States after
the Revolt in L.A. and are the subject of much interest by
both the Camarilla and Sabbat, who reason that their smaller
size and their distance from the main body of anarchs makes
them easier prey. So far they have managed to retain their
freedom, but only at the cost of ceaseless vigilance.

San Diego

Population: 2,500,000 mortals, 25 vampires

The Barony of San Diego, which roughly corresponds to
San Diego County, is controlled by Tara and her 15 gang
members, even though another 10 vampires also live in the
area. Tara has gradually been withdrawing from the L.A.
anarch scene, and assuming more and more personal control
over her barony, and has become almost indistinguishable
from Maria, the prince who preceded her. This has made the

SAN DIEGO COUNTY

Chapter Three: Geography


anarch community very uncomfortable and there have
been occasional calls at recent Rants for her "overthrow."

Although San Diego contains a major harbor and
Naval Air Station, most Angelenos consider it little more
than a nearby vacation spot. There is no denying that,
with its practically perfect climate and its beautiful
beaches, San Diego fulfills that role admirably.

© San Diego Zoo: One of the largest in the world,
with over 4,000 animals on display, this is also a major
center for efforts to save and restore endangered species.
It is a huge place, with walk-through aviaries and an
excellent children's area. Like its L.A. counterpart, it is
very popular with those San Diego Vegetaries who prefer
imported food.

* San Diego Wild Animal Park: Run by the same
group which operates the San Diego Zoo, this wildlife
sanctuary in Escondido is home to many exotic and
endangered species. Since the animals are allowed to
roam free, visitors travel through the park on a monorail
and can see the various species interacting in fairly
accurate re-creations of their natural habitats. Like the
Zoo, it is quite popular with the local Kindred, particu-
larly the Vegetaries who still enjoy the thrill of the hunt.

* Sea World: One of the best collections of aquatic
animals on the West Coast, Sea World is a very popular
tourist attraction. It is not of much interest to the
Kindred, very few of whom care for fish.

Joaquin River
a Sky Park

Fig Garden

Rolinda

Fresno

Population: 354,000 mortals, five vampires

Calling Fresno a "barony" is perhaps overstating ita
bit. Three Brujah and two Gangrel roam the city and
surrounding farmlands, but they are all solitary creatures
and have little to do with each other, much less anyone
else. Nonetheless, they consider themselves part of the
Free States, and strongly resist efforts by anyone else to
claim their territory. So far no one has succeeded in doing
so.

San Jose

Population: 782,000 mortals, 10 vampires

If the Free States were really the medieval kingdom
on which their political divisions are based, San Jose
would be the Marcher Barony. Less than 50 miles from
San Francisco, the 10 Kindred who live there form the
northern defense of the Free States. Eschewing a baron,
these vampires have formed a large coterie, and take
seriously their responsibilities as guardians. So far they
have fought off two attempts by the Prince of San Fran-
cisco to reclaim the area by force, by force, and are
maintaining an uneasy truce with their more powerful
northern neighbor.

The San Jose area contains two places of interest to

the Kindred:

BARONY OF FRESNO


nio Park
Palo Alto

Woodside

Portola Valley

La Honda

BARONY

Los Gat

© Winchester Mystery House: This was built by the
heiress to the Winchester arms fortune, who was (some-
what unfairly) haunted by the spirits of those murdered by
the well-known rifle. To fool and entrap the spirits she

built an incredible maze of a mansion, with 160 rooms,
2,000 doors, 13 bathrooms, 10,000 windows, 47 fireplaces
and 40 staircases, as well as blind passageways, hidden
closets and stairs going nowhere. Several Kindred have

Fs

attempted to make havens in the vast structure but,
mysteriously, none have survived past the first night.

* Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum and Planetarium:
This museum displays numerous Egyptian, Babylonian
and Assyrian artifacts, including sculptures, jewelry and
objects from daily life. It also has several mummies.
Buried in the collection are several foci that, if discov-
ered, would be of great interest to mages.

Chapter Three: Geography



hapter Four:

The Damned

It is impossible to describe all of the vampires in the
Anarch Free States. The Kindred population is continu-
ally in flux and, as of tonight, there are well over 150
vampires in the greater Los Angeles region alone! In-
stead, this chapter describes the leading vampires in the
Free States, both in terms of their personalities and their
plans for the future. They are organized alphabetically
within their clans. We have also included some typical
gang members; the Storyteller can easily create templates
for others by judiciously adjusting the statistics given
here.

Generic Gang Member

While vampires such as Ariane, who is presented
later, represent "typical" Kindred from the streets of the
Free States, this template is meant for those inevitable
times when the characters run up against a "generic"
gang. Be careful not to treat gang members as monsters to
| be destroyed by the characters. They have their own
feelings, concerns and motivations, and should be pre-
sented as such.

The typical gang member in the Free States, al-
though generally loyal to her baron, is not an automaton.
She is following him for her own reasons. She usually has
a very good idea of what is going on in her barony, and is
fairly aware of the situation elsewhere in the Free States.
Compared to the average street anarch in other cities, she
is much more politically active, and very likely to have
her say in the Rants.

Clan: Brujah or Caitiff

Sire: Any

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 11th to 13th

Embrace: Within the last 50 years

Apparent Age: Late teens to early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Security 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: AreaKnowledge 3, Investigation 1,Law 1,
Politics 2

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Potence 2, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Mentor |

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 5

Image: Jeans, T-shirt, jacket. Hair style varies by gang,
from shaved head to dreadlocks.

Roleplaying Hints: Youare a tough survivor. You live in
the Free States so no one can tell you what to do or with
whom, and you're going to make sure that it stays that way.

Haven: Anywhere.

Influence: By herself, very little. As a group, she rules
the Free States.

Chapter Four: The Damned


Ariane

Jane grew up on the wrong side of Chicago, and began
running with a fast crowd when she was only 14. Once she
had put on the requisite punk make-up and taunting attire,
she could easily pass for 18. Jane and her friends would do
anything for kicks, and quickly took to venturing into the
city's darker and more dangerous haunts. She fell in love with
the wild pulse at the Succubus Club, and there came under
the spell ofa young punk anarch who turned her on to anew
habit.

"Girls just wanna have fun," as the song goes, and Jane,
or "Ariane," as she now styled herself, moved restlessly across
the western states, looking for that pulse-pounding excite-
ment she had come to crave in Chicago. When she got to
Hollywood, she knew she was home. She met others like
herself and vividly shared her experiences with them.

Ariane is one of the street punks with whom the players
will be interacting. Unlike many of her other Free States
brethren, she has very little political awareness and is really
only interested in loud music, wild dancing and blood. Her
statistics can be modified any number of ways, to create
"typical" vampires for the characters to encounter.

Sire: Cal

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1992 (born 1978)

Apparent Age: Early teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 4

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Security 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 1, Politics 1

Disciplines: Celerity , Potence 1, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 1, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 3

Image: Thin to the point of emaciation, Ariane has
short hair dyed blue-black, very pale skin and red or black
fingernails, depending on her mood. She typically
black T-shirts, ripped black jeans, Doc Martens, anda lea
jacket.

Roleplaying Hints: You just want to have fun and play
all night. Being undead is cool because now you'll be able to
party forever, and never get old. The Free States are cool
because no one tells you where to hunt or tries to shut down
the fun.

Haven: In a forgotten storeroom at Hollywood High
School.

Influence: By herself, none.

Crispus Attucks

The 10th-generation Brujah Crispus Attucks was born
a slave in the 1730s. His father was African, his mother
Indian. His family was loyal to their owner. However,
Crispus disliked being owned and sought freedom. With the
free movement enjoyed by his family, he managed to run
away and became a sailor, taking the name of Michael

62 LA. by Night


Johnson. However, it was on land he gained his fame. A
popular man, he became a voice for America's freedom
whenever he was in Boston.

During the enforcement of England's Stamp Act, Crispus
led a mob against British soldiers, who shot him down in the
encounter now known as the Boston Massacre. Marguerite
Foccart, a witness to the event, knew Crispus was dying. She
felt it was a shame that such a charismatic speaker and
advocate of individual freedom should die when the rebels
needed his presence so badly, so she chose to Embrace him.

Crispus adapted to his fate rather well. His face soon
faded from the memory of those who had witnessed the
Massacre, and he operated rather openly in several skir-
mishes against the Redcoats. His nighttime activities,
particularly leading other freed-slaves-turned-militia, made
him the most directly involved Brujah of the Revolutionary
War.

Afterwards, Crispus, like so many other Brujah, chose
"to remain in America. He was part of the Underground

Railroad delivering slaves to freedom. Like many anarchs,

he fought the Ventrue and Toreador ruling the southern

plantations. After the Civil War, he fought for civil rights
and against the Sabbat on the southern East Coast. When
the anarch uprising began in L.A. in 1944, both Crispus and

Marguerite traveled westward to help. With their aid, Jer-

emy MacNeil overthrew the Prince of Los Angeles.

Crispus is primarily a fighter, not a deep thinker. His
major Disciplines are physical, although he has a flair for
inspiring a crowd. For now, he is content to remain in the

Free States, acting as "muscle" for Jeremy. From time to

time, however, the wanderlust takes him. He often travels to

the Midwest or even overseas. While he realizes the prob-
lems the Free States suffer, he also believes they remain the

Kindred's best hope for a better world.

Sire: Marguerite Foccart
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1770 (born 1733)

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Music 2, Security 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 1, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Dominate 2, Forti-
tude 3, Potence 3, Presence 3, Quietus 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Influence 1, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 9

Willpower: 8

Image: Crispus stands about 6'4", and is slightly over-
weight. He wears his hair short, and usually dresses
conservatively.

Roleplaying Hints: You are proud of your size and
strength, and willing to use it to make your point. You are
extremely stubborn, and once you have made up your mind,
itstays made up. Noone (except possibly Jeremy) can tell you
what to do, and fortunately you are smart enough to make a
major difference on your own.

Haven: When he is in L.A., Crispus typically stays in
Jeremy's mansion in the Hollywood Hills.

Influence: Crispus has considerable influence with the
"movers and shakers" of L.A., who know his strengths, but

the rank and file tend to just think of him as "one of
MacNeil's boys."

Steve Booth

Steve wasa typical Southern California beach bum who
drifted through the work week, just waiting for the weekend
when he could grab his board and head for the beach to
participate in his one great passion — surfing. Nothing else
mattered as long as he could catch the waves, and he did that*
from sunup to sundown, regardless of season or weather. He
was King of the Beach from Point Dume to Point Concep-
tion, with all the chicks he wanted and all the beer he could
drink. He hada whole gang of "buds" he liked to surf with, but
his favorite challenge was "shootin" through a pier.

His favorite place for this was a decrepit, abandoned
stretch of rotting wood. He was drawn again and again to this
spot, especially as the sun was settling down the horizon.
Someone had apparently left the pier lights up, and Steve

Chapter Four: The Damned


never questioned why they went on at night while no repairs
were made to the pilings. Nothing felt better than the charge
he got as he navigated through the jagged wooden sentinels,
coming close to a grisly end but never quite succumbing.
Nothing, that is, until that night in December ...

The waves in Southern California are more treacherous
in winter, but that never stopped Steve. One cool December
night, during a particularly vicious storm, Steve and his
buddies went to the beach, against the advice of everyone —
especially the news media, which broadcast dire warnings
about strong surf and even stronger undertow. A call to
Nirvana for real surfers!

Steve suited up and paddled out, almost exhausted by a
struggle against the crashing surf. He could barely see, but the
waves were sweet! High and rolling, they beckoned him to
mount them like a silvery lover. He rose up on his board and
headed down the corridor of death. He had never felt a thrill
like this, never known such passion rushing through his body.
Just before he reached the shore, a flash of light caused him
to turn his head slightly, breaking his fevered concentration.
That wasall it took. The angry waves tossed him off the board
and sent him crashing into a particularly sharp-edged piling.

The searing agony was the last thing Steve could remem-
ber until he awakened on the beach, a dull languor drifting
through his veins. He opened his eyes to see a beautiful
pale-faced woman above him, her long dark hair hanging
over both of them like a curtain. Oddly, it didn't seem strange
to him that her full lips were covered with blood. She brushed
his blond hair from his forehead with a icy hand, smiled at
him, and slowly lowered herself onto his neck for more ...

Marguerite Foccart Embraced Steve for a number of
reasons, not least of which was his personal beauty. More
important, however, was how easily he handled the adula-
tion of the group of followers who seemed drawn to him.

Reasoning that L.A. was in need of natural leaders like Steve,
she tried to help him gain some authority in the area.
Unfortunately however, Marguerite had miscalculated with
Steve. While extremely charismatic and a natural leader,
Steve had all the political savvy of a doorknob. He couldn't
understand why everybody "can't just get along and surf, you
know?"

Marguerite eventually gave up on her unpromising pu-
pil, but over the last few years, Steve has actually begun to
turn into the kind of leader that she had in mind. The
vampires of Long Beach and its environs, most of whom are
also surfer types, have flocked to Steve and are completely
loyal to him. He in turn is gradually, though somewhat
reluctantly, accepting responsibility for his followers. He is
aware that there are some seriously groady guys out there who
want to do major harm to him and his, and that he needs to
get ready for what is coming down.

Sire: Marguerite Foccart

Nature: Cavalier

Demeanor: Thrill-seeker

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1965 (born 1942)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Leadership 4, Streetwise 4

Skills: Drive 3, Melee 3, Music 2, Repair 3, Security 1,
Stealth 1

Knowledges: Medicine 1, Science 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 3, Fortitude 1, Potence 2,
Presence 3, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Fame 1, Herd 2, Influence 1,
Retainers 2, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience}, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Image: A modern-day Adonis in cut-offs.

Roleplaying Hints: You like people, and people love
you. You tend to think the best of everyone until you are
proven wrong, and then your anger is fierce.

Haven: Steve and his two main buds (Retainers) live in
acondo on the beach, just east of the harbor.

Influence: Within the area controlled by his gang,
Steve's influence is absolute. Nothing happens there without
Steve knowing about it. Outside of the Long Beach area,
Steve's influence is pretty weak, since he has very little
interest in the overall L.A. political scene.


Salvador Garcia

Salvador was bom in the late 19th century toasmall family of
poorfarmersin Andalusia, Spain. When he grew older he joined the
Anarquista movement, and then the Mano Negra, which was
agitating in the countryside. Atone point, Salvadorand his brother
Pablo were captured by the police and savagely beaten. Pablo was
killed, and Salvador was almost dead when he was rescued by a
mysterious figure in the revoluccion named Ferdinand. Salvador was
too far gone to be healed, but Ferdinand gave him the option of
continuing thestruggle against oppression forthe rest ofetemity and
Salvador gladly took it.

From thattimeon Salvadorhascontinued tofight, now driven

bythe twinpassions of revenge forhis brother'sdeath and his hatred
of oppression. He and Ferdinand carried on the struggle in Spain,
not only against the government, but also against the Ventrue and
the rest of the Camarilla. During the Spanish Civil War, when the
Brujah were fighting against the Ventrue-controlled forces of
Franco, Ferdinand wasdestroyed inasuccessful attack on the Prince
of Barcelona. With his death, the anarch movement in Spain
collapsed. Salvador fled to the United States, and ultimately to Los
Angeles.
. Atfirst, Salvador was happy in Los Angeles. The hunting was
easy, and the warm nights reminded him of his lost homeland. But
gradually it became clearer that, in leaving Franco's Spain for
California, he had only traded one set of shackles for another. With
other anarchs such as Jeremy MacNeil, Jacqueline Fairmonte,
Crispus Attucks and Marguerite Foccart, he began to plot the
tebellion. Salvador took an active hand in the Revolt and is widely
regarded asone of its majorheroes, since he is believed to havekilled
the Prince in single combat.

After the Revolt, Salvador was on the short-lived Revolution-
ary Council and was the main author of the Status Perfectus. He
later went on to write "An Anarch Manifesto," which isstill widely
read.

Salvador now resides among his retainers in East Los Angeles,
and is the de facto leader of El Hermandad. He supplies equipment
and riot training to many revolutionary groups in the United States
andabroad. He has traveled frequently in Mexico toaid theanarchs
against the Sabbat and the Camarilla, which has led both sects to
accuse him of working for the other. Needless to say, he hasbecome
awell-known figure among the Kindred.

Sire: Ferdinand

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: Ninth

Embrace: 1892 (born 1869)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 5,
Empathy 5, Intimidation 4, Leadership 5, Streetwise 5

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 5, Melee 1, Security 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Law 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 5
Disciplines: Celerity 3, Dominate 1, Fortitude 1, Obfus-
cate 2, Potence 2, Presence 5, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Influence 4, Retain-
ers 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 10

Image: Salvador still has a certain ruddiness to his skin, even
though ithas paled considerably since his "death." He wears his oily
black hair down below his shoulders, occasionally tying it into two
ponytails. Hisright cheek issomewharswollen (awoundnothealed
upon his Embrace). He has a wide smile with shining teeth, and a
hearty laugh that endears him to his friends.

Roleplaying Hints: You are full of a lust for unlife, and you
know that youare exactly where youneed tobe — wherever youare
at the time. Your English is not good, but you prefer it that way.
There is no dishonesty in your stance or your nonverbals —
everythingison thesurface, unhidden. When you laugh, laugh loud
and hard.

Haven: Salvador has various havens throughout Los Angeles
and outside the city. For the most part, he lives in the barrios with
his ghoul retainers. Of late, he has been spending a lot of time in
South and Central America.

Influence: Salvadorhasalotofsay inthe Chicanocommunity
andincity government, particularly in itadministration of Hispanic
neighborhoods. One ofthe prime moversbehind thecreationofthe
Free States, he hasa lotof respectamong the members of the former
Revolutionary Council. Others have accused him of ignoring the
interests of the Free States to concentrate on revolution elsewhere.

Notes: Salvador sometimes carries a bandoleer of wooden
stakes when he travels outside Los Angeles, along with his .30-06
hunting rifle. He always travels with companions and can
find safety almost anywhere in the world.

Chapter Four: The Damned


Walter and Millie Gaspars

Walter and Millie were a loving couple livinga normal life
ina little ranch in Newhall. One night a passing Brujah moved
in and drained them both for a considerable period of time.
After a while, however, the young Brujah became quite enam-
ored of their simple, loving life. Wishing to build the family he
had never had, he gave them both the gift of immortality; the
next night, aftera nice family sit-down, the Gasparsstaked their
"benefactor" to a bare patch in their garden. They sat together,
holding hands in their darkened basement, as the creature who
had destroyed the life they loved so well burned in the morning
sun.

Since then the Gaspars have been Farmers in the Kindred
sense of the term, and are attempting to live as normal a life as
possible. Everything they know about vampires they have
learned from the movies, and they have no idea that there are
actually other real vampires in the world.

Walter Gaspars
Sire: Thrasher
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Caregiver
Generation: 12th
Embrace: 1990 (born 1956)
Apparent Age: Mid-30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Repair 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 2, Finance 1, Law 1, Science 2
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Potence 2
Backgrounds: Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 2

Humanity: 8
Willpower: 4
Image: Walter stands about 5' 6", with light brown, curly
hair and blue eyes. He wears blue jeans and flannel shirts.
Roleplaying Hints: You have finally gotten used to your
nocturnal existence, andare actually beginning to kind of enjoy
it. You are shy and find it difficult to talk to strangers, so the
isolation from your neighbors hasn't bothered you much. In
conversations, you let Millie do the talking.
Haven: In the basement of their small ranch in Newhall.
Influence: None.

Millie Gaspars
Sire: Thrasher
Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1990 (born 1958)

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2,
Repair 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 2, Finance 1,
Law 1, Medicine 2, Occult 1, Science 1

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Potence 1, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 2, Courage 2
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 6


Image: Millie is an attractive, smallish woman with
short blonde hair and blue eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: When you first became a vampire
you were terrified of what it might mean, but over the past
decade you have begun to gain an understanding of your new
powers, and it has made you a stronger, more self-confident
woman. You still love Walter, but you are interested in
meeting others of your kind, if any exist.

Haven: In the basementof their small ranch in Newhall.
Influence: None

Jeremy MacNeil

Born in the Scottish highlands in 1631, ata time when his
clan had sided with Charles I, Jeremy rapidly rose in prestige
among his clansmen as a shrewd fighter. During one such
skirmish, he caught the attention of a seventh-generation
Brujah who felt the young Scot would be a worthy addition to
the Kindred clan.

Clan MacNeil would not accept Jeremy after his Embrace
fearing him as a spawn of the devil, but he still fought for their
cause by night. He also came to fight for the Irish, whom the
English oppressed more than they had the Scots. He soon came
to realize the English would not relinquish their "rights" to
Ireland, and that the war for freedom would be a long and
bloody one. Sickened by the bloodshed, he traveledto America,
only to find conflict stirring in the Colonies. Taking a stand, he
helped them in their fight for independence.

Jeremy, like many Brujah, was forced westward to Los
Angeles by Ventrue expansion. When Don Sebastian ordered
his lackeys to attack the Scotsman, Jeremy became the focus of
the anarch outcry that led to the creation of the Free States.

Jeremy is one of the most influential Brujah active in the
U.S. and the most prominent on the West Coast. It is impos-
sible to understand the chaos that is Los Angeles without
understanding him. Jeremy comes from a strong tradition of
personal freedom, and of not imposing leadership from above.
A strict anarchist, he fervently believes that when people are
left to themselves, the strong will survive at the expense of the
weak. Eventually, he believes, a cohesive society of these
survivors will emerge, with each person acknowledging the
equality of his brethren because it has been proved in the flame.

Given that attitude, it is hardly surprising that Jeremy

actually has little interest in governing, although he cannot
deny the mantle of power that has descended on him. He is far
more interested in toppling the stultifying social system of the
Camarilla in favor of a free and open society where a person's
value is determined by her worth, rather than her age. This has
been a serious problem for Los Angeles, because not only does
Jeremy resist governing, he strongly opposes any attempts by
others to do so. As much as possible, he attempts to get the
Kindred to work out their problems without violence, to try to
achieve the brotherhood which he believes them capable of. If
this fails, however, he is perfectly willing to stand back and let
the best vampire win.

Sire: James

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Leader

Generation: Eighth

Embrace: 1657 (born 1631)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 5,
Dodge 3, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 5, Stealth 4,
Survival 4

Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 2, Politics 4

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 4, Celerity 3,
Chimerstry 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Potence 4, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Influence 2, Re-
sources 4, Retainers 3, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 9

Image: Jeremy isa tall, well-built man with pale skin, long
brown hair and green eyes. He typically dresses in the height of
fashion.

Roleplaying Hints: You are completely sure of yourself
and totally in control of every situation. You have no doubts
about your physical ability to deal with any threat that comes
along, and are willing to use force if necessary to accomplish
your aims. You speak quietly, but with great authority. Many
anarchs would be surprised to discover your harsh political
philosophy, but you have stayed true to it for centuries.

Haven: Jeremy maintains a huge, very heavily guarded
estate off Mulholland Drive in the Hollywood Hills. Healsohas

Chapter Four: The Damned

ahaven under City Hall, ironically close to where Christopher
used to have his haven.

Influence: As much as anyone can, Jeremy controls L.A.
Theanarchs, whosee himas the "father of the Revolt", worship
himas the future liberator of Kindred everywhere, but will argue
with him just like anyone else. Still, when he speaks at a Rant,
that is often the last word on the subject.

Allison Maller

Allison was originally just one of the thousands of runaways
who throng the streets of Hollywood every night. She had fled her
home in Norther California at the age of 14 to escape an abusive
father and alcoholic mother. By the time she was 15 she was a
professional hooker, working along Sunset and Western. One
night, straying far afield, she dropped into A Taste of LA. A
powerful Brujah named Caska, on the runand new toL.A., sawher
and invited her out into the alley behind the bar for some "fun."
Unfortunately, Caska had been a fugitive too long and was running
tooclose totheedge. Atthesmell of Allison's warm blood pounding
through her veins, he frenzied. The last sight A\llison saw asa mortal
was Caska's huge fangs, glistening with her blood.

When she woke up she saw a small dark man crouched over
her. Caska was lying ina heap nearby. Salvador had arrived too late
tostop the attack, but he didn't believe Allison should die because
some pinhead had forgotten the rules and lost control. He offered
herthe chance to live forever, and she grabbed at it. Allison settled
intoherlifeat the Taste very comfortably, even making friends with
Caska,. No one acted more surprised than she when he turned up
‘one morning, staked to a dumpster in the alley behind the Taste.

At first Salvador kept Allison close and tried to instill his
revolutionary fervor in her, but she was a practical girl with
ambitions of her own. She used her position at the Taste to recruit
asmall gang of newcomers, and then looked around for an area to
move in on. The Baron of Anaheim had recently lost several
retainers in a raid on Long Beach, and so was vulnerable. Allison

attacked, in one night slaughtering the baron and most of his
remaining gang, only to discover that Tom Weaver and his boys
were moving in at the same time. Since then she and Tom have
been fully occupied with attempting todestroy each other. Salvador
gtieves for his lost initiate but, true to his own philosophy, he has
made no effort to change her ways.

Sire: Salvador

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1985 (born 1970)

Apparent Age: Mid-teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 3, Brawl 2, Intimidation 1, Leadership 3,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Law 1, Politics 2

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Potence 1, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Mentor 3, Retainer 2, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Image: Allison has medium-length curly hair, which she
keeps badly dyed, sometimes red and sometimes blonde. She is
about 5'3", and tends towards the short dresses and leather
jackets she wore during her professional career.

Roleplaying Hints: You are tough. No one can tell you
what to do. Since no one is going to give you anything, you
know that you will have to take it for yourself. Most of your
power comes from playing people off one another, and you can
get other vampires to do almost anything for you.

Haven: Allison has recently moved her haven to a
well-guarded warehouse in the industrial section of Anaheim.

Influence: Allison is pretty well-liked of by the local
Kindred. The anarchs initially approved of her move on Ana-
heim since it showed that she was one tough vampire. As the
war grinds on, however, the rest of the Kindred are beginning
toget tired of itand would like tosee the situation resolved, one
way or another.

Gloria Martinez

Gloria was a smart gang girl, desperate to leave behind the
misery of the barrio in which she had been raised. One night,
asshe was walking home, acar pulled up and the ugliest man she
had ever seen stuck his head out and beckoned to her. At first
she wanted to run away, but there was something about his eyes
that she found impossible to resist. She got into the car with
him, and drove away.

One week later Gloria tracked Salvador to his sequestered
hideaway. There she confronted the vampire, and told him that
she had figured out what was going on. Gloria offered him a


choice: he could either make her a vampire or kill her then and
there. Impressed by her bravado, Salvador agreed to initiate her
into the unlife. She rapidly became accustomed to her new
powers, and Salvador showed her how to use them to protect
and defend her community rather than escape from it. With his
help, she managed to gain control of the Kindred gang that had
tuled Whittier for several years.

In her conscious mind Gloria is an anarch and loyal to
Salvador, but she keeps a very tight rein on her barony and tries
to keep out of squabbles with others. In fact, Gloria is a tool of
the ancient vampire Petrodon, the Nosferatu Justicar of the
Camarilla. He has been fighting the anarch movement in
general, and Salvador in particular, since the 19th century.
Knowing that the Camarilla will eventually wish to move
against the Free States, Petrodon keeps Gloria as fifth column
when the inevitable battle begins.

Sire: Salvador

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1972 (born 1951)

Apparent Age: 21

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Security 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Law 1, Linguistics 1 (English), Politics 2

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 1, Potence 3, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2,Contacts 2, Influence 1, Mentor3,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 8
Image: Gloria is a beautiful woman of medium height,
with long black hair and brown eyes. Her life as a vampire has
not yet lightened her dark complexion, and it is very common
for men to walk into lamp poles as she passes by. She usually
wears jeans, blouses and a leather jacket.

Roleplaying Hints: You consider everything carefully,
judging it in terms of its impact on you'and yours. Anything
which isn't going to affect you doesn't much interest you. While
aware of your power over men, you find it to be an annoying
distraction and one which you do not care to make use of.

Haven: Under a poolhall in Whittier.

Influence: Gloria has considerable influence at the Rants,
since she has been known to exact vengeance on those who did
not pay attention while she was speaking.

Notes: Gloria is merely the most influential of several agents
Justicar Petrodon has planted throughout the Free States.

Smiling Jack

No one knows much about the 10th-generation Brujah
known as "Smiling Jack." Some believe he may have been a
Caribbean pirate of the 17th century. No one knows the
circumstances of his Embrace, or has stepped forward claiming
tobehissire. Smiling Jack refuses to answer any questions about
his origins.

Although Jack encourages people to think that he was a
pirate captain, he actually never rose above the level of second
mate. His wild temper caused fellow sailors to distrust him, and
he was never able to muster enough support to become captain.
He was, however, valued for the strength of his arm and for his
loyalty to his shipmates. By the time he was 40 (a very old age
for a pirate), he had amassed a sufficient fortune to buy himself
a pardon and retire to Barbados.

Jack tried to settle down, but after the egalitarian ways of
the pirate life, the oppressive laws of the local grandees just
grated on him. He soon found himself on the run for having
beaten a little snot-nosed Don who tried to force him off the
road. One of the local Brujah fighting against Ventrue expan-
sion into the Caribbean found Jack dead drunk in a waterfront
tavern, and offered him an eternity of fighting against the Dons.
Never one to turn down a chance to fight, Jack accepted.

Jack has been an active member of the Brujah since then,
fighting in a number of bloody skirmishes against the Spanish
in the Caribbean. He also contested the Ventrue "powers that
be," with some success. He soon gained a formidable reputation
as an anarch. Moving northwards, he was a continual thorn in
the side of princes throughout the United States.

During the last bloody stages of the Revolt that threw out
Don Sebastian, Smiling Jack was actively leading the violent
anarch forces. He now uses the Free States as a base of opera-
tions to strike out at princes throughout America.

MacNeil dislikes Smiling Jack's presence, and fears
he may bring down the wrath of princes against the Free
States. However, Jack has an even greater reputation

Chapter Four: The Damned


among the anarchs than MacNeil, who not pressed the
matter due to his strong dislike of giving commands to the
anarchs.

Despite his centuries of activity, Smiling Jack remains an
Iconoclast. There is nothing he likes better than to create
anarchy among vampires everywhere. His lust for blood and
violence is such that even most of the Brujah distrust him. It is
only his standing with the younger Brujah Iconoclasts, and a
certain personal magnetism, that keeps him from meeting with
an unfortunate "accident."

Sire: Mama Lion

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1654 (born 1611)

Apparent Age: Early 40s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Intimidation 5,
Leadership 3, Streetwise 3

Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 5, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Law 1, Linguistics 4, Occult 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Fortitude 4, Potence 5,
Presence 3, Thaumaturgy 2 (Lure of Flames 1)

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Resources 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 1, Courage 5

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Image: Jack stands about 510" tall. He wears his black hair
and beard long, and has never really accepted modern notions
of personal hygiene. He typically wears biker clothes: jeans,
T-shirt, a leather jacket and leather boots. He travels around
the US on a huge motorcycle.

Roleplaying Hints: You do everything in a big, loud way:
laugh, roar, break things. If the damn Ventrue don't like it,
that's their tough luck.

Haven: Jack never stays in one place very long, so he finds
his havens where he can. When he is in Los Angeles, he stays
in the cellar of a bar near the harbor.

Influence: Jack has enormous influence among the young
anarchs, who admire his bold style and his careless contempt for
the Camarilla. He doesn't take his young followers very seri-
ously, but is willing to use them in his attacks on the Camarilla.
He may well have sired more Caitiff than any other individual.

Tara

In December of 1944, when the call went out for
anarchs to assist in the Revolt, it was hoped that a few
Kindred from the neighboring cities would show up to
help. It was quite a pleasant surprise when Tara, a well-
known anarch from Texas, showed up with 13 Brujah
fighters, many of them veterans of the American Civil
War. Their support was a major factor in the defeat of
Don Sebastian's forces.

When the anarchs needed a strike team to go to San
Diego, Tara immediately volunteered, and with the help
of the local anarchs. She found Maria, the Prince of San
Diego, already destroyed. Tara immediately declared San
Diego a member of the Anarch Free States and, in the first
land grab in the brief history of the States, claimed the
area as her own. The Revolutionary Council was too busy
to argue with her, and since then Tara has strengthened
her grip on the Barony of San Diego. Many anarchs
believe she plans to completely break away from the Free
States and declare herself Prince of San Diego, which
would probably precipitate a war with the rest of the Free
States.

For once, the rumors on L.A.'s streets are completely
accurate. Tara intends to break off from the Free States as
soon as she can and either try to keep the city indepen-
dent or, if necessary, bring it back into the Camarilla in
exchange for being confirmed as prince. Only two things
are stopping her from moving immediately. One is the
fact that she only controls about half of the Kindred in
the San Diego area, and she doesn't know which way the
rest will go when it comes time to make a choice. The
other thing is a personal fear of Jeremy, who would
undoubtedly only stop to pick up his claymore before
heading down to San Diego for her head.

If she had any reason to believe that Jeremy was out
of the way for even a short while, she would make her
move. Jeremy has his suspicions about Tara but he isn't
sure, and he doesn't believe he has the support of the
anarchs for an apparently unprovoked assault on San
Diego. This situation could make for an excellent
chronicle, no matter which side the characters take.


Sire: Justin Davies

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1822 (born 1794)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 3,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Finance 2, Law 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 4, Obfus-
cate 2, Potence 3, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Herd3, Resources 3,
Retainers 3, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 4

Image: Tara is an average-looking woman who stands
approximately 5' 6". She has blonde hair and brown eyes, and
is slightly overweight.

Roleplaying Hints: You have never had anything to call
your own, and San Diego is it. It is yours, and behind a sunny,
bright and cheerful countenance is a deadly seriousness. To
know you is to love you, to oppose you is to die.

Haven: Under San Diego City Hall.

Influence: In San Diego, absolute. In L.A., she is re-
spected and feared.

Tom Weaver

Like most of the Kindred in L.A., Tom comes from
somewhere else. Raised on a small farm in Louisiana, Tom got
out of there as early as he could. He drifted down to New
Orleans, where his huge body, good looks and happy grin soon
gothimajobasa "doorman" atone of the better barsdowntown.
Tralso earned him the attention of the local Brujah, who were
preparing to overthrow the prince.

This rebellion went no further than the planning stages,
but during that time Tom had become a vampire. His own sire
was something of a rabble rouser, and Tom learned well from
him. When no action was forthcoming, however, Tom headed
west to the one place he knew he could find action — Los
Angeles.

During his first few nights at the Taste, Tom met a
mysterious woman who called herself"Amethyst," and became
enamored. He assisted Amethyst ( who remained a mystery to
him) in deposing the Baron of Santa Ana and taking over.
During the process he became Blood Bound to her, and now
serves her every whim, asituation which fits in just fine with his
desire to be taken care of. Tom is currently "leading" a gang of
Amethyst's retainers in a war against Allison Maller for control
of the Anaheim area.

In spite of everything he has seen, Tom has a hard time
imagining that people can really be evil. He is continually
surprised when he is attacked or betrayed. No one else knows
that he is Blood Bound to Amethyst. Even if he wasn't, though,
he would still adore her, since she cares for him, strokes his ego
and tells him what to do.

Sire: Jake Almerson

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1953 (born 1930)

Chapter Four: The Damned


Apparent Age: Early 20s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 1
Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 1, Occult 2
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Po-
tence 3, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Mentor 1, Retainers 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 5

Image: Tom isa big, handsome, friendly galoot. He stands
6' 4" tall and is very well built. He has curly, light brown hair,
blue eyes and tanned skin. He tends towards jeans, work shirts
and cowboy boots, and usually has a big smile on his face.

Roleplaying Hints: You really have rarely met a man you
didn't like. Most folks are just trying to get by, and you do what
you can to help. Amethyst is a goddess to you, and you are
leading her gang to take over Anaheim because she's asked you
to. Once in combat, though, you show no mercy.

Haven: Under an old, rarely used Odd Fellows Hall in
Anaheim.

Influence: Tom is well-liked among the L.A. Kindred, but
he is somewhat looked down on for his trusting nature.

Brujah Idealists

The Anarch Free Statesare unique. Neverin the history ofthe
Camarilla has a city managed not only to destroy its prince and its
primogen, but also to continue functioning thereafter without any
visible form of traditional government. This has fascinated Brujah
around the world, and no one more so than the European Idealists,
who see in Los Angeles a crucible in which their ideas and dreams
for the future of all Kindred will be put to the ultimate test.

Four Kindred scholars have come to Los Angeles to study the
Free States up close. Jeremy is aware of their presence. When they
arrived in the Free States, they went to Jeremy and asked his
permission to observe the situation in L.A. He laughed, and gave
them their first lesson in anarchy by summarily throwing them out
of his house.

Since then, the scholars have taken up residence in Laurel
Canyon, which is isolated enough to be safe and yet is close to both
Hollywood and the San Fernando Valley. Relics of an earlier time,
they are relatively safe in the Canyon, but they do not hesitate to
slake theirthirst by forayingintodifferentpartsofthecityatthesame
time as they perform their research.

This research has been astonishingly thorough, and the schol-
ars are very well-informed about current goings-on in the Free
States. Characters who are looking for information would do well
to cultivate these Kindred, but should be aware that they have no
interest in anyone who does not meet their intellectual standards.

Professor Gregory Habersohn
Prof. Habersohn was a noted Swedish sociologist who had

done some pioneering work in how primitive societies form and
govern themselves. His theories caught the attention of Sir Ralph
Hamilton, whothought that the Professor would makean excellent
addition to the Brujah community. After his initial shock, Prof.
Habersohn eagerly seized the opportunity to continue his work
indefinitely, andaccompanied SirRalph toLos Angeles tostudy the
situation there forhimself. True to hisacademic training, he hasnot
expressed any opinion about the subject of his study, although he is
surprised to find himself growing increasingly sympathetic to the
anarch movement. In spite of his European background and
advanced age, Prof. Habersohn has been surprisingly well accepted
by the local anarchs, who find him to be an interested and
sympathetic listener.

Sire: Sir Ralph Hamilton

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Student

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1902 (born 1841)

Apparent Age: Early 60s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, -
Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Music 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 2, Finance 2,
History 3, Linguistics 4, Sociology 5, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 1, Dominate 2, Potence 1,
Presence3, Thaumaturgy 2 (Movementofthe Mind2, Weather
Control 1)

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Fame 1, Mentor 2, Resources?2,
Status 2


" ~

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 5

Image: The perfect picture of an elderly professor: bald,
with a fringe of white hair and a large mustache. He even
smokes a pipe!

Roleplaying Hints: Be thoughtful and sympathetic
when someone else is talking. When it is your turn, speak
slowly and deliberately. Don't be judgmental or critical, but
remember everything that is said.

Haven: In the house in Laurel Canyon.

Influence: A small influence among the anarchs.

Sir Ralph Hamilton

Sir Ralph is a representative of the London Brujah, and is the
leader of the group by virtue of his generation and Status among the
Idealists. He is personally opposed tothe anarch movementsincehe
sees it as driving a wedge between the Brujah and the rest of the
Camarilla, which could ultimately lead to the destruction of the
entire clan. While he will not take any action without the consent
of the whole group of scholars, he is looking for weak points in the
anarch society that can be exploited to help bring down this
challenge to order. He is particularly hostile to Louis Fortier, who he
feels betrayed his class.

Sire: Lord Randall

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: Ninth

Embrace: 1834 (Born 1802)

Apparent Age: 32

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Debate 4, Drive 3, Etiquette 5, Melee 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 4, Law 3, Linguis-
tics 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity2, Dominate 5, Potence 4,
Presence 5, Serpentis 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 4, Retainers 2,
Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 4

Image: Sir Ralph is tall, thin and aristocratic looking, with
blonde hair which he brushes straight back. He has blue eyes
and pale skin. He dresses conservatively, in the most current
European styles.

Roleplaying Hints: Look directly at the person you are
speaking to. Try to give the impression that you are judging
them, and that they have come up short.

Haven: In the house in Laurel Canyon.

Influence: Practically none in the Free States, but consid-
erable in London.

Notes: In his younger nights, Sir Ralph had some contact
with the Followers of Set, but believes that a thing of the past.
Should a Setite reveal his connection, Sir Ralph would be in
deep trouble.

Dr. Takuya Shiraiwa

Takuya becamea hard-line Communist whilea youngman in
Tokyo. This was nota healthy thing to be in 1939 Japan, so he was
very relieved when he was offered an opportunity to study medicine
at the University of Moscow. There he came to the attention of
Leonid Barofsky, a well-known Brujah who had taken part in the
Glorious Revolution. Barofsky was taken with the evident sincerity
and aggressiveness of the young medical student, and offered hima
chance to continue working for the Revolution forever. Takuya

Chapter Four: The Damned


accepted, and continued to study at night while serving the
Party.

Hefoughtagainst Yeltsin'srise to power,andschemed with the
other Brujah in the 1991 coup. One night, he retumed to his haven
to find bits of Barofsky strewn everywhere. Takuya fled west to
Sweden, where he met up with Prof. Habersohn, who put him in
touch with Sir Ralph. Takuya is on this expedition because the
European Idealists have a high opinion of his intellectual abilities
and understanding of the political process.

Sire: Leonid Barofsky

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1942 (born 1919)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Melee 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, History 4, Linguistics 4,
Medicine 3, Politics 5, Science 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Obfuscate 1, Pres-
ence 4, Potence 1, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Resources 2, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 5

Image: Takuya is of average height and weight. He has black
hair which he wears short. He usually dresses in jeans and work
shirts.
Roleplaying Hints: Yousee everything in terms of its effecton

the oppressed masses, your passion for whom has only heightened
inunlife. Even after the fall of the Soviet Union, you remain true to

your Stalinist ideals. Needless to say, you are guardedly favorable
toward the anarchs, feeling that a true people's government could
still arise from the chaos. Your support for the Revolt, however, is
purely theoretical. You wouldn'tharm another Kindred unless your
existence depended on it.

Haven: In the house in Laurel Canyon.

Influence: Takuya is considered a bit dogmatic by most of the
anarchs, but his heart is obviously in the right place.

Notes: Takuya has some idea of what happened to the Soviet
Union, but not much. He does know the Nosferatu keep an
especially close eye on him.

Countess Andrea Visconti

Countess Andrea was originally brought along on the expedi-
tion as a favor to her husband, Count Luigi Visconti, a powerful
Brujah from Milan. Very little was expected of her but, surprisingly,
she has tumed out to be a very valuable member. Her beauty and
flamboyance have made a good impression on the anarchs, and she
has gotten the team intoa lot of places where they otherwise would
have been refused. In tun, Countess Andrea has fully accepted the
anarch philosophy and has become its advocate on the team.
Although Sir Ralph dismisses her as intellectually inferior, she isa
ferocious debater who can hold her own in the frequent arguments
that rock the Laurel Canyon house.

Sire: Count Luigi Visconti

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: Ninth

Embrace: 1878 (born 1852)

Apparent Age: 26

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting4, Athletics 2, Dodge 1, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Debate 3, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Music 4

Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Occult 2, Philosophy 4

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 2, Pres-
ence 4

Backgrounds: Mentor 3, Resources 5, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Image: Andrea is a great beauty, with long, curly black
hair and lustrous brown eyes, which she skillfully accentuates
with makeup. She is about 5' 4" tall, with an excellent figure.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak loudly and vivaciously. You
wear your emotions very close to the surface, so you can
change very quickly from happy to enraged, or vice versa. You
are very quick to take offense, and very quick to forgive.

Haven: In the house in Laurel Canyon.

Influence: Increasing among the anarchs. Also has
some pull in the Camarilla through her husband.


Amethyst

Wherever the Camarilla holds sway, there is conflict
among the Kindred. Princes set clan against clan and coterie
against coterie, always scheming to maintain their hold on
their power and caring little for the innocent pawns who are
destroyed in the process. Clarice Washington was such a
pawn. She had been born in the slums of Baltimore in 1911,
and by the time she was 15 she was working the streets.

One night, as she was walking home, she was savagely
attacked. This was not unusual, but what was unusual was
that the guy seemed more interested in her neck than in her
purse. She awoke several hours later, alone in an alley, with
a burning hunger that she was able to satisfy with a bum
sleeping nearby. Despite having no one to help her with the
transition, Clarice managed to adapt to her new situation.
She had always been smart, ambitious and tough, and she set
out to find out how she could use what she now had.

Clarice managed to hook up with the local Kindred and,
by carefully being in the right place at the right time,
managed to come to the attention of the prince. Once she
had been introduced, Clarice knew how to take it from there
and soon became his consort. She kept this job for many
years, secretly using her position as the prince's favorite to
feather her own nest. In this way she also made a lot of

enemies, so it wasn't too surprising when a group of anarchs
grabbed her as part of a plan to pressure the prince into
agreeing to their demands. The scheme went perfectly, with
only one hitch. When he was offered Clarice in exchange for
his cooperation, the prince just laughed, and suggested that
since the anarchs had gone to such pains to capture her, they
might just as well keep her.

Clarice changed that night. She swore that she would
never again put her trust in princes. Clarice was on her own
now, and her main focus was going to be Clarice. To exact her
vengeance, she joined the anarchs; with her help, they
managed to make their way into the haven of the prince and
slay him. They had hoped the prince's destruction would
serve as the catalyst for a successful revolt, but unfortunately
it did not come to pass. The Primogen came down very hard
on the anarchs in the city, and Clarice was forced to flee.

Now calling herself Amethyst, she first fled to Denver
and settled there for a while. When word of the Revolt
reached her, she traveled to Los Angeles, figuring it would be
aplace where aclever girl could make a name for herself. She
arrived in L.A. in 1945 and settled in Santa Ana. That area
already had a baron, so she bided her time and gathered her
followers. In 1960 she made her move, and overa two-month
period was able to eliminate both the baron and his gang, and
take over for herself.

Amethyst has been Baron of Santa Ana ever since, but
that really isn't enough for her. She sees no reason why she
shouldn't be the next Prince of Los Angeles, and has her eyes
on the Barony of Anaheim as the first step in her long-range.
Ifshe ruled both Anaheim and Santa Ana, she would control
more land than any other baron in L.A., as well as having one
of the larger gangs. This much power in the hands of one
person would make the rest of the anarchs very nervous, so
she is using Tom Weaver, whom she has Blood Bound, to do
her dirty work for her.

Amethyst is a fairly typical example of an anarch gang
leader. She is smart, tough and pretty much just out for
herself. She does seem to care for the members of her gang,
but beyond that she is mostly interested in watching for her
opportunity to seize control of L.A. One peculiarity is that
when she createsanew vampire (which she only does outside
of the L.A. area) she treats as she was, leaving it on its own
to see if it survives, although she watches it carefully to see
how it does.

Chapter Four: The Damned 5


Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Bravo
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1928 (born 1911)

Apparent Age: Late teens

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Secu-
rity 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Law 1, Occult 1, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 3, Dominate 4, Forti-
tude 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 2, Retainers 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Image: Amethyst is a beautiful, sexy African-American
woman who stands about 5' 8" tall. She has a voluptuous
figure, which she accentuates by wearing tight jeans or short
dresses. Her hair had been straightened before she died and
never regained its natural kinkiness, so she generally keeps it
tied back.

Roleplaying Hints: Wherever you are, whoever you're
with, you're the toughest person in the room. You may appear
to be agreeable, or even enticing if it serves your purpose, but
inside you are as cold as steel. You will do anything and make
any sacrifice to get what you want. You have a particular
hatred of princes, and might go out of your way to hurt one
if you got the opportunity.

Haven: Ina long-abandoned carpet store in a rundown
part of Santa Ana.

Influence: Amethyst is highly respected by the Free
States' Kindred for her toughness and her unwillingness to let
anything get in her way. She is considered to be a dangerous
person to cross, and when she gets up to speak at a Rant, the
place quiets down immediately.

Rose

Meredith Brannon was gorgeous. She had been a spec-
tacularly beautiful baby, and her mother, not one to miss an
opportunity, entered her exquisite blonde daughter ina Miss
Galaxy Baby Division competition. The rest was beauty
contest history.

Meredith's childhood was an endless round of lessons:
dance, deportment, acting, modeling, exercise and elocu-
tion. Her mother dragged her from one modeling agency to
another and entered in innumerable contests, leaving almost
no time for school and certainly none for socializing with her
few friends. It wasn't much ofa life fora teenager: no pizza, no
lying in the sun, no parties — and no boyfriends.

Sometime around her 15th birthday, Meredith began to
realize that the severe stomach cramps she got just before a
contest had nothing to do with stage fright — it was an
intense desire to kill her mother and be free. So she began to
plot, mostly as a way to relieve the terrible pain.

One night in New Orleans, after winning the regional
Miss Teen USA pageant, Meredith and her mother were
invited toa party sponsored by a major clothes manufacturer.
There was some talk about Meredith being signed as the
national spokesmodel for this prestigious line. Meredith was
ecstatic at the prospect of traveling, especially without her
mother. But Mrs. Brannon had her sights set on nothing less
than an international crown for her daughter. They had a
terrible fight in the hotel suite, and Meredith threatened
physical violence if her mother didn't permit her to attend
the party. Mrs. Brannon's momentary stunned silence was all
the strong-minded girl needed to walk out of the suite,
already in her party clothes.

The party was in a hotel just a long block away from the
pageant site. It was a warm summer night. A storm was
threatening, so the sky was charged with lightning and the air
filled with the sharp tang of ionized air. The sultry heat
matched Meredith's mood as she walked down the sidewalk.
She could see the towers of the hotel at the end of the block.
It felt good to be out on her own, even if it was only for a few
minutes. Meredith never knew who took her, or why they
chose to bring her into the unlife. All she knew was the raging
hunger, and she knew just where she wanted to slake it.

With the death of her mother, Meredith fled New
Orleans and headed straight for Los Angeles, where she
assumed that a girl with her looks could make a name for
herself. Throughout her trip she constantly felt that there was
someone watching her, although she never saw anyone.
Acting ona tip she got from an anarch she met along the way,
Meredith headed for the Taste, where Tom Weaver found


her. He brought her to Amethyst, who acted very surprised to
see her, and renamed her "Rose."

Rosehasbeen partof Amethyst'sgangin Santa Anaeversince.
Her beauty and ability to manipulate people have made her a
valuable asset to Amethyst. She discovered Zipper on one of her
mostrecentassignments, and they have worked togethereversince.

Sire: Amethyst

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1982 (born 1967)

Apparent Age: Mid-teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 4, Athletics 2, Empathy 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Music 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Linguistics 1, Politics 1

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Dominate 2, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Fame 1, Mentor 3, Resources 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 6

Image: Rose is one of the most beautiful vampires in the
Free States. She has long, curly auburn hair, a flawless pale
complexion and bright green eyes. She has a willowy figure,
but usually she does not make any particular efforts to
accentuate her looks.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a loyal friend and follower,
but ruthless in getting your own way. Murder comes easily to
you, as do the frenzies. In social situations, however, you are
completely in control.

Haven: In the basement of a drugstore in Santa Ana,
near Amethyst.

Influence: Very little, except with other members of
Amethyst's gang.

Marc Perleman (Zipper)

Marc Perleman wasn't much of a social success until he
discovered that he had an affinity and understanding of
computers that went far beyond anything he could learn in
school. He'd never been much good at Latin or French, but
programming — well, that was a different matter! Soon he
felt that he was one with the computer. This opened up anew
world of lines and nets through which he discovered he could
slip effortlessly.

He was particularly fascinated with the phone company,
and began to explore the intricate systems. Before long Marc,
who went by the handle "Zipper," was at the "gates" of the
Pentagon itself! His hacking activities went far beyond
surfing the edges of cyberspace. A disciple of anarchy on all
levels, he adopted the first commandment of hackers: "Infor-
mation wants to be free."

<_<

4

, }

, a

Unfortunately, major information corporations and the
federal government didn't quite see eye-to-eye with this
young revolutionary of the Net, and he was charged with
espionage. A manhunt began in earnest after he managed to
crackan encryption code for financial transactions involving
Swiss bank accounts set up by the CIA. Now all they had to
do was catch him. But he was hard to find: no one knew
exactly where he lived, and he mastered the art of disguise in
both real and cyberspace.

Every aspect of life in the '90s has been touched by the
need for information, and unlife in the Masquerade is no
exception. It dawned on Amethyst that a first-rate hacker
who was also Kindred would provide unique information-
gathering capabilities. Getting someone like Zipper into the
anarch camp shouldn't present too much of a problem. He
was already there philosophically, and now he had gone
underground. Underground was just where Amethyst wanted
him. Through her contacts with the night people, Amethyst
was able to discover who and where the infamous Zipper was.

Zipper, like all good hackers, trusted no one. But he had
a weakness: he loved to brag about sticking it to the govern-
ment. Amethyst, no stranger to social, knew that someone
like Zipper wouldn't be able to resist a willing audience. She
enlisted the services of Rose, whose powers of seduction
would be more than a lonely computer nerd could resist. Rose
understood her instructions: bring him back happy ... and
immortal.

Rose's entry into Zipper's life changed him in more ways
than one. Yes, Rose seduced him; yes, she took him across
into the unlife; and yes, she brought him to Amethyst — but
more important to him was that she listened to him. They
talked for hours that night and many that followed, compar-
ing their very disparate lives, and the terrible loneliness that
they had both experienced. Zipper has fallen hard for Rose,
though she is content to view him as something of a little

Chapter Four: The Damned


brother. For now they are very close, but Zipper is beginning to
feel the first tinges of jealousy.

Meanwhile, he has gone to work for Amethyst, worming
his way into the computers of many local corporations and
government agencies, and bringing his treasures back to her.
Zipper recently hacked into the system at Sunburst Interna-
tional, a Pentex subsidiary that builds personal computers;
although he hasn't yet made any sense out of the strange files
he has found there, he's working on it.

Sire: Rose

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1991 (Born 1973)

Apparent Age: Late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Subterfuge 4

18 LA. by Night

Skills: Drive 2, Repair 5, Security 5

Knowledges: Computer 5, Finance 1, Law 2, Politics 1,
Science 4

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Obfuscate 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Fame 1, Mentor 1, Resources 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 2

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 5

Image: Zipper is tall and thin, with long brown hair. He
has no distinguishing features except his eyes, which have a
strange intensity about them.

Roleplaying Hints: You find most people very boring,
and expect to not be understood by them. You don't talk
much, unless it's about your beloved computers — then you
can talk for hours. When you are on the boards, you are
dashing, clever and gallant.

Haven: In a small computer room rigged up next to
Rose's drugstore haven.

Influence: Very little, directly. A lot through the com-
puters.


Bela >

One of the more pitiful vampires in the Fre: es, the
Malkavian known as Bela has become a figure of ridicule and
scorn to his Kindred. He believes with all his heart and soul
that he is Count Dracula and the true lord of the undead and
cannot understand how his "children" (the other vampires)
can refuse his leadership.

Inhis few moments of clarity, Bela believes he wasa Bela
Lugosi impersonator and an ardent fan of the great horror
actor. A few Kindred, mostly Malkavians, who have taken
the Transylvanian Countas portrayed by Lugosi as the model
of what a vampire should be, and dress themselves in evening
clothes with long capes, and speak with a thick Hungarian
accent.

It was one of these "Counts" who appeared next to Bela's
bedside and bowed before "the Prince of Darkness," offering
him eternal life. Bela, whose sanity had always hovered on
the brink of madness, was driven over the edge by the
revelation and accepted the gift of unlife.

Since then, Bela has acted on the assumption that he is
Count Dracula, King of the Vampires. He is only dimly aware
of where he is and often roams the old Dracula set that is part
of the Universal Studios Tour, remembering "the old days".
He knows that there are other vampires, but assumes that
they are all his progeny, created in his long-forgotten youth.
Like most noblemen, he is friendly if approached with re-

spect.

Bela is mostly a figure of fun to the Kindred, but his very
existence illustrates one of the better aspects of the Free
States. In any other city the prince would have slain him as
a threat to the Masquerade. In Los Angeles, he is left alone,
bothering no one.. If he can be convinced to follow a
particular course of action, he could be a valuable ally.

Sire: Count Rigatoni

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1956 (born 1882)

Apparent Age: About 50

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Empathy 4,
Intimidation 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Music 3,
Stealth 5

Knowledges: Linguistics 2 (English, German), Occult 4

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 1, Dominate 3, Ob-
fuscate 1, Presence 2, Protean 4

Backgrounds: Resources 1, Retainer 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 6

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 6

Image: Asa side effect of his madness, Bela has returned
to the way the actor looked in 1931. Go see Dracula.

Roleplaying Hints: You see yourself as the King of
Vampires, a role which you take very seriously. You logically
expect other vampires who appear before you to show appro-
priate respect, and are surprised and insulted when they
don't. You are usually aware that you are in Los Angeles,
although you are somewhat hazy about how you got here.
Something about a ship and a storm ...

Haven: Ina prop coffin in a forgotten sub-basement of
Universal Studios.

Influence: None, except to the extent to which he
chooses to become involved.

Notes: Bela has developed all of the Disciplines popu-
larly associated with the movie-style Dracula. It is pretty safe
to just play him as the Count.

Chapter Four: The Damned


Alonzo Guillen

Alonzo was the black-sheep brother of Do:
Guillen, a noble lady whose work in the missions rewarde@her
husband, Juan Marine, with a huge land grant of 14,000 acres
in 1835. Alonzo was born horribly disfigured and had become
a Nosferatu while living in his native Spain. The only person
who had shown him any kindness during his wretched child-
hood was the kind-hearted Eulalia, whom he so loved that he
sought her from beyond the grave. Making the treacherous
journey to California, he was shocked to find that his beloved
sister had become totally enmeshed in her service to the
Catholic Church.

Alonzo attempted to make his presence known to her, but
she was repelled by what he had become. Desperate to regain
her love, he killed her, planning to bring her into the unlife.
Alas, she refused the blood even as she died. Driven mad by
what he had done, Alonzo went on a rampage, killing his
brother-in-lawand everyoneontherancho. Sobbing, hesought
refuge at the far edges of the estate, and a distant cousin claimed
the land several years later, in 1840. A succession of owners
followed, each carving up the huge estate into what eventually
became Pasadena, South Pasadena and Altadena.

Alonzo has continued to live in the hills above Pasadena.
His guilt over the murder of his sister and brother-in-law, along
with his long-standing sensitivity about his disfigurement, have
combined to keep him away from his fellow Kindred. His
natural inquisitiveness, however, has caused him to seek out all
the information he can, and there is very little that goes on in
this part of Los Angeles that escapes his watchful eye. Recently,
Alonzo has made contact with Henry Waters, who strangely
enough, was not repelled by the hideous vampire. Grateful for
the acceptance he thought was impossible, Alonzo is trying to
help Henry overcome his Blood Bond to Edward Vignes.

While Alonzo is aware of (and somewhat amused by) the
depredations of the Blount sisters, he does not know about
Christopher, although he strongly suspects the long-standing
presence of an elder vampire in the area. Alonzo is aware of
pretty much everything that is going on in the Free States,
although his knowledge gets correspondingly less detailed the
farther a place is from the Los Angeles area.

Alonzo is that rare Nosferatu who has managed to over-
come his natural diffidence and distrust of other Kindred and
make contact with a fellow vampire. This has somewhat
softened his feelings towards the rest of the Kindred, but it
wouldstill representa substantial challenge to meet Alonzoand
try to obtain information from him.

Sire: Don Armando de Madrid

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Generation: Ninth
Embrace: 1832 (born: 1803)
Apparent Age: Impossible to tell
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 5, Dodge 4
Skills: Melee 3, Security 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Politics 4

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 4,
Potence 3

Backgrounds: None

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 2

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Image: Alonzo was an ugly child before he was chosen by
the Nosferatu, and he has become absolutely hideous over the
years. Emaciated, with a practically skeletal face and huge fangs,
he represents every child's picture of the boogie man.

Roleplaying Hints: You are unpleasant and distrustful of
others, but that is because of centuries of hatred and rejection.
You yearn to be accepted but are basically unwilling to take the
tisk. Henry Waters' acceptance has meant everything to you,
and you would do anything you can for him.
Haven: A cave in the Pasadena hills.

Influence: Great, but only very indirectly.


Tor

AL

Edith and Enid Blount

Edith and Enid were the twin, spinster daughters of a
minor Hollywood executive in the 1920s. One night their
father, Edward Blount, was invited to a party thrown by one
of the bigwigs from the studio. Like too many of the parties
of that era, this one turned out to be a Toreador "ball
vampyre," and Edward provided both the entertainment and
the meal for the evening. A popular game at the time was to
turn the prospective victim into a vampire, let him "come
to," and then release him to be hunted down. This provided
better sport (and better dining) than the usual vagrant
hunting. Edward was "birthed" by a visiting 10th-generation
Toreador, and sent off into the hills.

Strangely enough, Edward managed to evade his pursu-
ers and made his way home. There, maddened by his
experiences of the night and starving for blood, he frenzied.
When one of the less decadent Kindred finally caught up
with him, Edward was sobbing over his dying daughters, their
blood smeared all over his evening clothes. Somewhat
abashed, the Toreador chose to "return" Edward's daughters
to him by bringing them into Kindred society.

Edward did all right as a member of the Kindred and
turned his new contacts among them to his social advantage.
His daughters, however, never fully recovered from the
trauma of their deaths under their father's fangs. They be-
came very reclusive, only rarely leaving the house in order to
hunt. One night in 1927, several years after that fateful
evening, Edward Blount disappeared.

Led

The Blount sisters survived the Revolt by simply being
too uninteresting to kill. They had no particular relationship
with Don Sebastian, and happily swore to stay out of local
anarch politics, which they have continued to do. They still
live together in the family home in Glendale. The Blounts
have worn black constantly since the disappearance of their
father, and are generally thought of as being two sweet old
ladies. They explain the black veins that show up so strongly
in their auras as simply the result of defending their commu-
nity from an occasional interloper.

The facts are somewhat different. In the vampire world
of grays and shadows, the Blount sisters are pure black.
Having slaughtered their father, the sisters have become
homicidal maniacs and delight in all forms of abuse and
torture. The wild area behind their somewhat decrepit home
is filled with the shallow graves of their victims, and their
cellar has been converted into a hideously effective abattoir.
The Blounts prey on Kindred and kine alike, although they
prefer vampires because of their stamina under the knife. The
ongoing disappearances of Kindred in that area have begun
to concern Jeremy, and the Glendale Police are also begin-
ning to wonder about the large number of humans who have
vanished.

Sire: Edward Blount

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1924 (Born 1881)

Apparent Age: Early 50s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Empathy 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Music 2, Security 4, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 2

Enid's Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Potence 1,
Vicissitude 2

Edith's Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 1, Presence 1,
Vicissitude 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Resources 3, Retainers |
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity: 0
Willpower: 9

Chapter Four: The Damned


Notes: The sisters have turned the Blount mansion into
a house of horror, with traps everywhere. Their preferred
method is to invite a lone vampire into their home, offering
heraid orsuccor. They will lead their victim to whatever new
trap they have thought up (a pit with stakes, the 4-ton
weight, etc.) and then begin their fun. The two compete
against each other for inventiveness and performance, and
both can become enraptured by an especially innovative
torture.

Image: The Blount sisters are identical twins, both
looking like well-preserved women in their 50s. The hair of
one is silver, and the other is more bluish in tone, but since
both heads of hair are wigs and the sisters often trade off, this
isn't likely to help much in telling them apart. In fact, the
sisters are aware of the impossibility of distinguishing them
(Perception + Alertness, difficulty 8), and use this to their
advantage in their little "games."

Roleplaying Hints: Ever since your father "did it" to
you, you have been filled with an undying hatred for every-
one in the whole world, except your sister. The only pleasure
you get is from the screams of your victims, and doesn't a girl
deserve a little pleasure now and again?

Haven: The sisters typically sleep in the basement of the
house, but they also have a shed in the hills behind their
home. Here they conduct their more lively "experiments,"
and they can retreat here if things get too unpleasant at the
house.

Influence: The sisters have no influence at all in the
Free States, although they are social acquaintances of the
Vignes, who have no idea about their "little hobby."

Victor Girard

Victor Girard, born Kleinberger, was quite a salesman.
He began by selling Persian rugs as a young boy. He would
knock ona person's front door and, as the door opened, would
do several things at once: unrolled the carpet, wedge his leg
firmly in the doorway and begin to shake. His sales pitch, one
P.T. Barnum would be proud of, involved gasping about
illness and the priceless Persian carpet. His skill at sales grew,
but not his ability to manage his money — by the time he was
in his early 20s, he was bankrupt following a series of quick-
buck land schemes. But that didn't stop him. He wangled
land deals despite his shortage of cash, and in February 1923
the township of Girard was opened to the public. His fortunes
began to look up, as he helped open the Mulholland Highway
in 1924 and the Girard County Club in 1925. But in 1929, it
all fell apart. By 1932 there were only 75 families living in
Girard and Victor Kleinberger Girard disappeared.

By this time, it had become clear to Don Sebastian that
he needed some help in caring for the business climate of Los
Angeles. Victor Girard turned out to be just what he needed,
and for the next 12 years, Victor watched over the growing
industrial base of Los Angeles. He was in part responsible,
along with Don Alonzo of the Glass Walkers, for making
L.A. the "arsenal of democracy" it became during World War

Il. During the Revolt, the anarchs identified Victor as one of
the first Kindred who needed to be dealt with, but somehow
they were never able to catch him. He hid in Girard (which
has since been renamed Woodland Hills) for several years,
biding his time.

In 1952 he cautiously revealed himself to Jeremy by
telephone and offered to go to work for the Free States. He
pointed out that the Free States desperately needed someone
to watch over the press, and that he was well-qualified to do
it. Without the "guidance" of Don Sebastian's agents, several
of the local newspapers were beginning to become a little
suspicious, and there was no one around to protect the
Masquerade. Jeremy reluctantly agreed. Since then Victor
has been the Free States liaison with the many newspapers
and radio and television stations that report on the Southland.

This, of course, is not enough for Victor. He lusts after
the power he had as Don Sebastian's right hand. He knows
that he will never have enough backing among the anarchs
to become a prince himself, or even a baron, but he does have
an idea. Victor figures that if things become bad enough in
the Free States, with too much chaos and too many wars, one
of two things will happen. Either Jeremy will have no choice
but to declare himself prince, in which case Victor will once
again be sitting on the right hand of the throne, or the whole
stupid Free States structure will crumble and the Camarilla
will return, in which case Victor has a pretty good chance of
winding up on top again. To this end he uses his contacts in
the press to set the various communities against each other.
And the scary thing is, it's working.

Sire: Don Sebastian

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: Eighth

Embrace: 1932 (born 1900)


Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Empathy 3, Intimida-
tion 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Security 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 3, Finance 4,
Law 3, Politics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 1, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 5, Resources 4, Re-
tainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 2

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 6

Image: Victor looks just like your favorite uncle. He isa
large, balding, roly-poly man who wears a goatee and a big
smile. He dresses like a businessman of the 50s, and still wears
a hat when he goes outside.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a big, cuddly teddy bear.
Laugh a lot in a big, deep voice, and watch for every possible
opportunity to screw the characters. You do love the art of the
sale.

Haven: In a secluded house in Woodland Hills.

Influence: Victor has receded so far into the back-
ground that at the moment his presence is rarely noticed, but
he is extremely influential. Jeremy keeps an extremely close
eye on him, afraid that he may run to the Camarilla at any
time, so Victor has carefully avoided any contact with the
sect.

Christopher Houghton

Christopher started life in the slums of London in the
late 17th century. When he was 10-years-old, his startling
good looks caught the attention of John White, a local artist
who rescued him from the gutter. White cleaned him up,
taught him manners and some rudimentary art, and used him
for various purposes, modeling among them.

Christopher, who had learned never to let an opportu-
nity pass him by, drained the older man's resources and then
used him to launch himself into the art world of London. At
aparty to which he insisted White take him, Christopher met
Sir Matthew Ludlow, a Toreador elder recently awakened
from torpor, and one of the Toreador hostages in London.
The old vampire was absolutely captivated by the beautiful
and charming lad and began courting the boy immediately.

Knowing a good thing when he saw it, Christopher
dumped his mentor and went off with Sir Matthew. John
White's suicide a month later caused Christopher one of the
few, passing pangs of regret he ever felt in his brieflife. Shortly
after that, on Christopher's 13th birthday Sir Matthew,
unable to control himself any longer, gave Christopher the

"gift" of unlife. Christopher continued as a hanger-on in the
art world, seeking to attach himself to the latest, most daring
art craze of the moment. Without ever creating a single piece
of art himself, he became fairly well-known in the "right"
circles.

With the defeat of Bonnie Prince Charlie, Sir Matthew
decided that he would be safer away from London. He
decided to move to Boston, and of course brought Christo-
pherwithhim. They remained there throughout the American
Revolution

Finally, in the late 1820s, tiring of Christopher's endless
leeching off of the art world without ever creating anything
of his own, Sir Matthew challenged him to create a piece of
art, in any medium, which he could show to the other
Toreadors of the city. Christopher was delighted. This was
just what he needed to inspire the artistic muse he knew he
carried inside him. He went to work and spent nine months
painting his masterwork, "The Gates of Heaven." Finally, in
September, it was ready for showing.

Almost the entire Toreador clan of New England came
out, more out of respect for Sir Matthew than out of any
affection for Christopher, who was generally disregarded.
With enormous flourish, Christopher removed the cover.
After a stunned silence, the laughter began. The work was a
mess, instantly branding its creator as a poseur of the worst
sort. Sir Matthew, whose position in the Toreador commu-
nity had been devastated by his get's disaster, forbade
Christopher to ever darken his door again. Enraged, Christo-
pher fled from Boston, vowing to find a place where true art
could be appreciated.

There are a number of things to understand about
Christopher. He is extremely clever, but is continually tempted
by the needs of the moment. He hasall of the planning ability
of a300-year-old vampire, but suffers from a complete inabil-

Chapter Four: The Damned

ity to delay gratification. Even after all these years he still
feels the need to prove himself as an artist, but he has given
up on movies as an art form. He is now considering multime-
dia, God help us. In spite of his enormous powers, Christopher
is still paranoid about Sir Matthew coming after him for
revenge, and he goes to fantastic lengths to avoid being
discovered.

Christopher is offered as a gift to the Storyteller. In his
physical beauty, his paranoia, his wish to be loved and his
need to prove himself to the world, Christopher is a perfect
reflection of Los Angeles, and vice versa. Because he flits from
interest to interest with all of the dogged determination of a
butterfly, he can be used to instigate all manner of confusing
plots, which will filter down to bedevil the characters.
Sire: Sir Matthew Lubbock
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Visionary
Generation: Fifth
Embrace: 1682 (Born 1669)

Apparent Age: 13

Physical: Strengthi 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 8, Manipulation 6, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 7, Alertness 6, Brawl 7, Intimidation 5,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Painting 2, Sculpture 1, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 2, Politics 4, Art
History 2, Movie History 4

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 5, Dominate 7, Forti-
tude 3, Potence 4, Protean 5, Presence 8

Backgrounds: Influence 5, Resources 5, Retainers 1
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage 4
Humanity: 3

Willpower: 9

Notes: Christopher's extra level of Auspex allows him
to constantly follow the actions of any one individual. His
two extra levels of Dominate allow him to Dominate that
person or to Dominate more than one person at a time. His
extra level of Presence let him create feelings of inadequacy
in those around him, momentarily stun them into inaction or
cause vampires to frenzy.

Image: Christopher looks like a cross between a 13-year-
old boy and an angel. He is about 5' 6", with pale skin, blue
eyes and a cloud of golden hair.

Roleplaying Hints: You are well aware of the depths of
your powers, but you can't escape the fear that others will
scorn you and laugh at you. You continually prepare new,
hare-brained schemes to prove your worth, and you remain in
hiding until that glorious day (which will never come) when
youcan burst forth in all your glory. If you are confronted, you
will shy away, but if you are challenged or mocked, you will
kill without mercy.

You are still looking for someone who will respect and
care for you, so you still occasionally get crushes (possibly on

an exceptionally charismatic character). If you do, you will
go to any lengths to assist the object of your affections,
although always in secret. You have all of the curiosity ofa 13-
year-old boy, and you love to spy on the other Kindred of the
Free States. You sometimes have the feeling that you are
being manipulated by a force far more powerful than yourself.
Sometimes you get ideas and have no idea where they come
from, but you always act on them anyway.

Haven: Christopher has many havens around L.A. His
current favorite is in the basement of a burned-out mansion
in the Hollywood Hills.

Influence: While unknown to the Kindred, Christopher's
influence within the Free States is beyond measure.

Joaquin Murietta

Joaquin Murietta may be the most prolific mass murderer
in California history. Like many of the bandidos who roamed
the Southwest, Joaquin has a number of legends about him,
which for the purpose of this book we will assume to be true.
According to the legend, Joaquin was born in Mexico in
1830. As a youth he fell in love with a beautiful girl whose
father didn't approve of their relationship. The lovers got
married despite the father's warning, fled north to Los Ange-
les, and settled down in a small adobe house. Soon after they
had moved in, Joaquin came home one night to find that his
wife had been gang-raped and murdered. His rage knew no
bounds, and he hunted down and slew most of the culprits.
The brutal experience caused something to snap and Joaquin
took up a major life of crime. He and his gang are "credited"
with the murders of over 120 people, including a number of
lawmen, and came to be regarded as a serious threat to the
security of the California territory.

A large posse finally gathered to hunt him down, but no
one among them had ever actually seen Joaquin. Joaquin's
best friend presented himself to the posse and offered to lead


them to the notorious killer. They accepted and were led to
where the bandit gang was camped. Joaquin's friend pointed
outa fleeing desperado as the notorious bandit, and the posse
shot and killed the man whose severed head they brought
back to prove that they had defeated the evil Murietta. The
head was pickled and put in a jar, and circulated around
California for years, ending up ina San Francisco saloon later
destroyed in the Great Earthquake. Just before he died,
however, Joaquin's friend hinted that there was more to the
story of the bandit's death, although he was never specific.
What happened, of course, is that as the net began to
close around Joaquin, Christopher appeared and offered him
an alternative. Joaquin eagerly grasped at an eternity of
bloodshed, and was Embraced. With the help of his friends,
Joaquin arranged the death of some nameless bandit in his
place, and took his station at Christopher's left hand.
Joaquin is a cold-blooded killing machine, as deadly as
an Assamite assassin. He is completely loyal and Blood
Bound to Christopher, who uses him as his eyes, ears and
dagger in the outside world. Over the past century he has
traveled the world, perfecting the art of death. The Story-
teller is urged to use Joaquin sparingly, as he can prove deadly
to characters who cross him.
Sire: Christopher Houghton
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Loner
Generation: Sixth
Embrace: 1853 (born 1830)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 6, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 6, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 6, Melee 5, Security 3, Stealth 5,
Survival 4

Knowledges: Law 1, Linguistics 3, Occult 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 6, Fortitude 2, Obfus-
cate 3, Potence 2, Presence 2, Quietus 3, Serpentis 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Mentor 5, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Humanity: 1

Willpower: 9

Image: Joaquin is a small man, about 5'8". He is thin,
with long black hair that he keeps tied back. He has a
mustache but no beard, and wears a beautiful smile, usually
reserved for when he is about to kill somebody. He is usually
dressed in jeans, work shirt and denim jacket, but he can be
found in whatever clothing is appropriate for his assignment.

Roleplaying Hints: You have a good, if psychotic, sense
of humor. You are a happy, charming guy, who would kill
without blinking.

Haven: Wherever Christopher is.

Influence: None, except indirectly through Christo-
pher.

Chapter Four: The Damned


Ve

Louis Fortier r

Louis Charles Fortier de la Belliere had the misfc tobe
bom the second son to the Comte de la Belliere in 1726. His older
brother would inherit the title, unless something occurred to cuthis
healthy life short, so Louis was left with two legal altematives: the
army or the Church. At a fairly early age Louis decided that life
without women wasn' life at all, so he chose the army.

He joined a regiment that appealed to him, based on the high
percentage ofnoblemen'ssonsalready ensconcedasofficers,and the
stunning custom-made uniforms they sported. But the King had
other ideas for his pampered toy soldiers: they would go off to the
New World, subdue thenative tribesandretum with wealth beyond
reason to stuff into the Royal treasury.

Louis made several forays back and forth between France and
what is now eastern Canada, displaying a natural ability asa leader.
He was 28 when the French and Indian War broke out in 1754, a
tall, handsome man with green eyes that could tum icy when his
temperrose. He planned tomake one last trip to Canada, then retire
from the army and begin his own trading company. His older
brother was still very much alive, married and blessed with three
sons, so the title was a long way off.

Tt was a beautiful summer's evening when Louis and a small
contingent of his men chanced upon an almost-deserted Indian
camp. The warriors were gone, and only the children, the women
and an old shaman remained. The Indians offered their hospitality
to the Frenchmen, who were reluctant at first but warmed to the
kindness beingshown them. It wasstandard Indian fare for the most
part, but they had become accustomed to the strange eating habits
of the "savages."

e

At some point, the old shaman began beating a drum and
chanting a dissonant but nonetheless hypnotic song. One by one
Louis' men drifted off to sleep, apparently unable to keep their eyes
openorsitupright, while theshaman kept chanting. Then from the
other side of the campfire, a young woman appeared, who was
exquisitely beautiful even by French standards. It did not seem
strange to Louis that the woman seemed to step towards him
through thesmoke of the campfire. She wasdressed in whitedoeskin
and her long black hair shone in the moonlight.

Louis was, above all things, French to the core and he
appreciated beauty whereverhefoundit. The lovely woman danced
around thedazzledsoldierand then beckoned him tofollowherinto
the woods. As if ina trance, he got up and went with her toa small
copse of trees beyond the camp. There she stepped out of her dress
and stood before him, her skin almost translucent, and he was
powerless to resist.

When Louis came to his senses, it was still night, the young
woman was gone and he was naked. He looked at his torso in the
moonlight and was at first amused by what he thought was Indian
paint. A raw bolt of shock ran through him as he staggered back to
the camp. The Indians were gone, but his men were not. They lay
on the ground, their throats ripped out and bloodstains across their
bodies. He touched the "paint" on his chest, and found that it too
was blood. He wiped his hand across his mouth, only to find his face
smeared with the vital essence. The Hunger struck him with the
force of acannonball at close range. He wasalone and naked in the
woods of Canada with a ravening need he barely understood...

Louis could never go back to France, and he realized it would
beuseless trying to explain whathad happened. People disappeared
in the Canadian woods all the time, and he would be assumed to
havebeen the victimofan Indianattack. LouismadehiswaytoNew
York and happily joined the community of the undead there,
eventually becominga respected elder. When the Sabbat moved in
on the city, Louis escaped to the West Coast. he first settled in San
Francisco, and then in 1912 moved on to Los Angeles, where he
quickly became part of the primogen.

Although Don Sebastian apparently was very fond of him,
Louis was never completely comfortable with the prince, having
been raised with a strong sense of noblesse oblige. Don Sebastian's
careless attitude towards his fiefdom galled the French nobleman,
who unsuccessfully tried to convince Don Sebastian to show more
concem for the Kindred under his care. When Jeremy MacNeil
appealed to the primogen after being savagely beaten by Don
Sebastian's goons, Louis was the only one who spoke up for the
wounded anarch. When the primogen chose not to take astandon
the issue, Louis broke with them and joined the anarchs. He fought
with Jeremy and Crispus during the Revolt, and led the ill-fated
expedition to Malibu. In gratitude for his assistance, the anarchs
have pretty much left him alone to rule West Los Angeles as he
pleases.


Louis is the quintessential nobleman, protective of his vassals
and gracious to his enemies. His first concem is protecting his
domain, and then protecting the interests of the Free States. He has
agreat deal of respect for Jeremy, recognizing a born leader when he
sees one, and is anxious to help him further the goals of the anarchs
to whom he has pledged his existence. The declared equality
between all Kindred on which the Free States rest offends his noble
sensibilities, buthe is excited by the possibilities of this "experiment
indemocracy." Heis one of the few vampires in the Free States who
hasany interest in the economic well-beingofhisbarony,and under
his very tight control the Westside has prospered far better than
anywhere else in the Los Angeles area.

Louis lives in almost sybaritic luxury, surrounded by the most
beautiful objects and people that money can buy. Despite his unlife,
Louis never lost his appreciation of beautiful women. He has
surrounded himself with three of the most attractive, and deadly,
women in the Free States. Louis rarely leaves the confines of his
magnificent Beverly Hills home, but his mistresses are often seen at
Free States gatherings and are women to be reckoned with in their
own right. No one knows how many ghouls serve Louis, but it is
believed to be the largest "army" of ghouls in the Free States. All of
the ghouls are young, strong and beautiful, and require little blood
to stay that way. Even so, Louis sometimes has difficulty meeting
their demands, even with the help of his mistresses, and has
occasionally created a vampire to satisfy his ghouls' hunger.

Sire: Night Star

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1754 (Born 1726)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 5, Leadership 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 4, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4,
Melee 4, Music 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Finance 3, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dominate 4, Forti-
tude 4, Potence 2, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Herd 2, Influence 2, Resources 5,
Retainers 5, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 9

Image: Louis is tall, slender and very graceful. He has long
black hair, a high forehead and green eyes. When going to
important meetings, such as Rants, he dresses in the height of
fashion, but when at home he tends to wear flowing robes.

Roleplaying Hints: You have the self-confidence and
arrogance of the nobility. You have a strong sense of the
obligations of the nobility, and will stand for quite a bit of

foolishness, but absolutely no disrespect. You are thoughtful
and yet condescending.

Haven: In an enormous and heavily guarded mansion in
Beverly Hills.

Influence: Louishas tremendous influence with theanarch
leadership, and with those who remember his support of the
anarchs against Don Sebastian. The younger anarchs, though,
distrust his wealth and the fact that he isa Ventrue, and dislike
his snobbery.

Catherine du Bois

Convent-bred Mile du Bois runsa very special out-calll service
for a select clientele who appreciate, and pay well for, unique
experiences. Her stable of stunning debauched beauties of both
sexes provides entertainment ona level of excitement that only the
very wealthy and very bizarre can appreciate. Catherine's delicate,
innocent appearance belies the depraved character of a woman
thrust into the unlife at a time when her appetites were at their
height and her morals undeveloped.

Catherine "keeps the home fires buming" for Louis, maintain-
ing the security of the barony and watching after the ghouls. She
often acts as hostess when Louis has guests. She has an insatiable
appetite for new physical experiences, which even death has been
unable to quell. This Achilles' hee! makes hera security risk,
but so far Louis does not seem to be concerned.

Sire: Louis Fortier

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1910 (born 1883)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Chapter Four: The Damned


Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Empathy 3,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Music. 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 2, Law 1, Linguis-
tics 1 (English)

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 2,
Potence 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Fame 1, Influence 2,
Mentor 3, Resources 3, Retainers 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Image: Catherine is a striking beauty, with shoulder-
length, honey-blonde hair, green eyes and a perfect
complexion. She always dresses very fashionably, and very
seductively.

Roleplaying Hints: No matter what happens, you are
calm and collected. You are VERY sexy, in a highly sophis-
ticated fashion, and are very happy to use this to further
Louis' plans.

Haven: In Louis' Beverly Hills mansion.

Influence: Considerable, both as Louis' mistress and as
a social creature in her own right.

Elena Gutierrez

Elena, the daughter ofa diplomat, was a Spanish exchange
student studying interior design when she was invited to,a
private party in Beverly Hills. Her long dark hair and luminots
skin reminded Louisof the Indian woman whohad been hissire,
and he set about bringing Elena over to the unlife.

Before long Elena was set up in business, using her artistic
eye to decorate the homes of some of the most famous people in
Los Angeles, who didn't find it strange that she would only visit
at night.

Elena often acts as Louis' agent in the outside world, both
with the mortal and immortal communities. When she speaks
ata Rant, which she only does when she has to, it is understood
that she is speaking with Louis' voice. Louis has a great deal of
respect for Elena's intelligence, and usually allows her to act in
whatever way she feels is best.

Sire: Louis Fortier

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1975 (born 1955)

Apparent Age: About 20

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Music 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 2, Finance 3,
Law 1, Linguistics 1 (English), Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1, Pres-
ence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Fame 1, Mentor3, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 6

Image: Elena is short, dark and attractive more because of
the vivaciousness of her manner than because of the perfection
of her features. She has long dark hair and dancing brown eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: In spite of yourrelatively recentdeath,
you are a strong believer in the goodness of your fellow crea-
tures. Address everyone enthusiastically, and show great
excitementabout whatever project youare involved in. Youare
not stupid, however, and will carefully examine every decision
in light of Louis' interests.

Haven: In Louis' Beverly Hills mansion.

Influence: Considerable, both as Louis' mistress and as a
political creature in her own right.

Mariel St. John

Mariel was already a fairly well-known vampire in Los
Angeles when her book about the French and Indian Wars was
published. Struck by the depth of knowledge and passion she
brought to a subject that was so important to him, Louis made
arrangements to meet Mariel. He was immediately impressed
by her direct attitude and her intense focus on her work, so
rather than perform an elaborate dance, he came right to the
point. He offered her support and a magnificent place to live,
neither of which would interfere with her studies.

This may not have been Louis' best move, because Mariel
is actually an agent of the Sabbat and had been inserted into
L.A. several years ago, in the hopes that she would be able to
arrange a liaison like this. So far she has bided her time,
reporting on Louis' activities to Mohammed al-Muthlim as
often as she can, but on the whole waiting until she can make
a major (and safe) strike against the anarch cause.

Clan: Ventrue antitribu

Sire: Phillipe Navital

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: Ninth

Embrace: 1930 (Born 1903)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Leadership 1, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Re-
search 3, Writing 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, History 3, Linguistics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Dominate 3, Fortitude 3, Obfus-
cate 2, Presence 3


Backgrounds: Fame 1, Mentor 3, Resources 3
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Cathari 5

Willpower: 7

Image: Mariel is not striking, but is quietly attractive in a
farm-girl sort of way. She hasshort blonde hair, bigblueeyesand
ted cheeks. Her eyesight was not good before her death, so she
continues to wear glasses.

Roleplaying Hints: You are very quiet and reserved,
although passionate about your research. You find the anarch
cause ridiculous, and are happy to use your research skills tohelp
your sect overthrow the Free States.

Haven: In Louis' Beverly Hills mansion.
Influence: Practically none.

David Geduld

WhentheCamarillalookedaround foragentstostirup trouble
in Los Angeles and report on the situation there, they naturally
thought of David Geduld. Originally a partner in the Chicago law
firm of Ballard, Anderson & Baitman, David had been Embraced
to assist the Ventrue in dealing with the endless details of their
control of the Chicago business scene. He had proved enormously
proficient at navigating the legal waters, and surprisingly adept at
winning the trust of the leaders in Chicago's business and law
communities. His loyalty tothe Camarilla were unquestioned, so he
was sent off to Los Angeles in 1963 to see what he could do.

David proved tobeasuccessful agent from the very first. Posing
asarogue Ventrue who had been caught with hishand in thecookie
jar and forced to flee the vengeance of his prince, David slipped
easily into the chaos of life in the Free States. He gathered a small
coterie and settled down in Palos Verdes Estates. From there he
ranged across L.A. getting a feel for the area and reporting back to
his masters in the Camarilla. What he saw amazed him. Here was
acity with no prince and no primogen that actually seemed to be
working! All of his assumptions about the inevitability of the
Camarilla were called into question.

Hisreportsto Chicago grew lessfrequent,and when the Sabbat
laid siege to the city in 1965, David found himself fighting shoulder
to shoulder with leather-clad Brujah rebels whom he would have
crossed the street to avoid two years before. Since then David has
completely switched over to the anarch cause. His heroism during
the rebellion drew a number of anarchs, allowing him to form a
gang and take over the Torrance area, which he now controls
completely.

David is that rarest of Kindred, a Ventrue who has found
acceptance among the anarchs. This acceptance, however, is
by no means complete. Most of the older anarchs, including
Jeremy and Crispus, don't like or trust him because of his
Ventrue background, and this has hindered his advancement.
Also, although David has become a true anarch, he is still a
Ventrue and is actively scheming to take over the Barony of
Long Beach. This is not because of any animosity towards Steve
Booth, whom he rather admires. It is just that his Ventrue
training has taught him thatitis natural forthestrongtoexpand

their influence at the expense of the weak, and that is the way
things should be. If he doesn't get killed first, David will be a
major factor in L.A. politics.

Sire: Lawrence Ballard

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1952 (born 1923)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Athletics 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy/4, Computer 2, Finance 4,
Law 5, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 2, Potence 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 4, Retainers 3, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 6

Image: David is around 5'10", with curly brown hair which
he wears short. He is of moderate build, but in good shape. He
always dresses appropriately for wherever he is, and is always
well groomed.

Roleplaying Hints: You are extremely affable and fun to
be around, but there is always the slight edge of tension about
you. You are torn between sympathy for the egalitarian society
that is growing around you, and your natural desire to take
advantage of these rubes.

Haven: A well-guarded compound in Palos Verdes Estates.

Chapter Four: The Damned


Influence: Inspite of Jeremy'sdistrust of him, Davidisseen
as an up-and-coming force in the Free States. He is looked up
to by many of the younger Kindred, and is accorded respect at
the Rants.

Jesus Ramirez
Very littleisknown about Jesus Ramirez, although mostpeople
assume that he is one of Salvador's get. He appears to be absolutely
loyal to Salvador, who in fact, leaves him in charge of his barony
during his frequent travels to other regions. Jesus is actually not
Salvador's progeny at all, but comes from Nicaragua, where he was
created by a Spanish Ventrue named Don Cristian de Leon Negro
toactashiseternal servant. Jesus was Blood Bound tohismasterand,
although henever gave upthe struggle to maintain hisown identity,
he was unable to overcome the effects of the Bond. When Don
Cristian was killed in 1978 by the Brujah-led Sandinistas, Jesus was
afraid that he would be tarred with the same brush as his masterand
fled north to the Free States.

When Jesus arrived in L-A., he became involved in the large
Nicaraguan community there. Salvador saw in him the makings of
aleader, and took him under his wing. Since then, Jesus has always
been found at Salvador's side, fighting for freedom at every tun.

As the de facto leader of El Hermandad, Jesus wields consider-
able power in the L.A. Kindred community. He is widely respected
asa clear and level-headed thinker. He is Salvador's closest friend,
and often acts to calm down his highly emotional comrade.
Characters wishing to make contact with Salvador would do well
to befriend Jesus.

Sire: Don Cristian de Leon Negro

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1843 (born 1802)

Apparent Age: Early 40s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 3,
Leadership 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Repair 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 4, Forti-
tude 2, Potence 2, Presence 3, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Allies2, Contacts 4, Influence 1, Mentor3,
Resources 2, Retainers 2, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Image: Jesus is a small, portly man with short dark hair
and a small mustache. He dresses conservatively, usually in
such a way as to allow him to carry a concealed pistol.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the arbiter. When all others
are losing their heads, you are the voice of cool reason. Speak
softly and calmly. However, when you come toa conclusion,
you can become very stubborn.

Haven: In the basement of a small house in East L.A.

Influence: Next to Salvador, Jesus is the most influen-
tial vampire in East L.A.

Edward and Vera Vignes

The word "Bostonian" conjures up a time of Edwardian
elegance when manners and breeding counted fora great deal, and
the way your coat was cut could be an entree into the "proper
circles." That way of life is long gone, much to the distress of Edward
and Vera Vignes, Ventrue from another time and place who are
living in almost anachronistic exile in Los Angeles.

This charming couple were present at the fateful opening that
sounded Christopher's death knell in the Toreador community of
Boston, andare indeed the only people inL.A. whomight recognize
Christopher for who he really is. Edward, whose profession is
"gentleman," and Vera, a slender, almost fragile relic of bygone
times, had the later misfortune to back the wrong faction in a war
among the Boston Kindred. Asa result, they were forced to pack up
whatfew treasured belongings they could in theirhastyretreattothe
wilds of the West Coast.

In Pasadena they found a lovely old house not unlike their
Bostonian brownstone, and they set about re-creating the world of
the late 1800s, complete with their faithful butler and general
factotum, Henry Waters.

Edward Vignes

Edward Vignesisnota vampire tobe trifled with.On the other
hand, he doesn't go looking for trouble, so he rarely has much. He
is used to playing politics in the old Camarilla way, and finds the
Anarch Free Statessomewhat bewildering. He has coped by strictly
maintaining the boundaries of his domain, and by avoiding Free
State politics as much ashe can. Healsocontrols the mortal politics
of Pasadena very strongly. In order to remain aware of what is
happening, Edward doesattend the Rants, although hefindsusually

LA. by Night


them revolting displays of self-aggrandizement on the part of young
punks who should be taught better manners and hygiene. He is a
gentleman, however, so characters speaking to him will find him
courtly, graceful and only slightly condescending.

Sire: Sir Andrew McCardle

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: Ninth

Embrace: 1882 (born 1820)

Apparent Age: Early 60s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 4,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Music 3

Knowledges: Finance 3, History 3, Law 3, Linguistics 3,
Politics 3

Disciplines: Dominate 4, Fortitude 3, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Influence 2, Resources 4, Re-
tainers 1, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Image: Edward is a gentleman of the old school. He has
modernized his dress only slightly, so that now he invariably
wears a formal Edwardian suit of the type appropriate for the
time of night. He is tall and thin, with a full mane of silver hair.
Although his eyesight is excellent, he wears glasses because he
feels that gentlemen do.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the ultimate survivor. When
things went wrong in Boston, you escaped and came here, and
when this strange Revolt came along, you survived that too.

Youare extremely rigid, and uncomfortable in this new era, but
you are doing your best to get along.

Haven: A large mansion in Pasadena.

Influence: Edward rarely speaks in front of his "inferiors."
but on the few occasions that he has deigned to offer advice to
the leaders of the Free States, they have listened.

Vera Vignes

Many Kindred believe that vampires, particularly elders, are
incapable of love, that thenever-ending torment of the unlife burns
outany capacity forthe tendereremotions. Tell thatto Vera Vignes.
After over 150 years of playing the dutiful wife, Vera Vignes has
finally awakened. For the first time she is feeling excited, aware and
happy. The reason for this metamorphosis is her servant, Henry
Waters, with whom she is helplessly (and probably hopelessly) in
love. Vera's passion came over her very suddenly, and in the heat of
themomentshe Dominated Henry into Blood Bondinghertohim.
Since he is Blood Bound to Edward Vignes, this has put Henry in
a very difficult situation. In spite of this, and in spite of their
significant age difference, Vera strongly believes in her love for
Henryandinhisloveforher. All thatstandsin theirwayisthepower
of Edward's Blood Bond of Henry.

Sire: Edward Vignes

Nature: Optimist

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1882 (Born 1822)

Apparent Age: 60

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Empathy 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Music 4

Knowledges: Finance 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 3

Chapter Four: The Damned


Disciplines: Dominate 5, Fortitude 5, Presence 3,
Thaumaturgy 2 (Movement of the Mind 2)

Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Resources 4, Retainers 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 1, Courage 5

Humanity: 9

Willpower: 3

Image: Vera looks like an attractive 60-year-old woman who
ismakingnoefforttoconceal the fact. Recently she hasgiven up the
Victorian dresses she always used to wear, and taken to wearing
highly fashionable suits from Chanel and Oscar de la Renta.

Roleplaying Hints: You are obsessed with Henry Waters and
would do anything for him. Your feelings for your husband have
changed from bemused tolerance to fear and loathing, and you are
very quickly approaching the point of doing something drastic.

Haven: The mansion in Pasadena.

Influence: None

Henry Waters

When Henry wasa lad, he wasapprenticed to his father's trade
— butler. Of course, in the 1890s this was a noble profession, and
Henry's family had been in the business of serving others for
centuries. Henry regarded himself as quite the fortunate lad when
his employer informed him that they were going to America for
business. What an adventure that would be! Little did Henry realize
that he would neverseen the shores of his native England again —
atleastnotasa living being. Shortly afterarrivingin Boston, Henry's
employer was stricken with influenza and died, leaving the young
man with no provision for returning home. But Henry had his
training, and he quickly posted his availability with an agency
whose sole task was finding valets for the wealthy.

Henry thought it a little strange that a potential employer
would want to interview him in the evening rather than the
morning, but Americans did everything peculiarly, and he needed
a job. Armed with a small white card bearing quite a respectable
address, he presented himself at the door of the Vignes' home and

was greeted by the master himself. Mr. Vignes invited Henry inand,
having reviewed his credentials, explained that while he found
Henry eminently suitable, there were one or two rather unusual
aspects to the job.

Henry was enthralled by the notion ofan etemity of service to
the Vignes, and with the power they offered. He agreed, and that
night joined the ranks of the undead. Henry has been in service to
the Vignes for more than 100 years, and his Blood Bond to Edward
made ita very satisfactory relationship for him. When he and Vera
became "lovers" and she became Blood Bound to him, awholenew
world opened up for Henry. It also brought him endless torment to
love and be loved by the wife of the man whom he also loves more
than unlife itself.

Henry's conflicting loyalties to Edward and Vera Vignes are
wearing him down and beginning to dissolve the Blood Bond to
Edward, who is totally unaware of this at the moment. Henry is
beginning to have fantasies about running away with Vera. If the
Bond were to completely dissolve, the two might try to escape. If
they did, Edward would do everything in his power to hunt them
down, and Henryand Vera wouldneedsome help. They have made
asecret friend in the hills behind the mansion, whom they haven't
toldEdward about. Theirnew friendisa hideously ugly, disagreeable
vampire named Alonzo, and he is teaching them things...

Sire: Edward Vignes

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1894 (born 1862)

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 4, Repair 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Finance 1, Linguistics 1

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Fortitude 3, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 5

Image: Henry is an extremely handsome man, with dark
curly hair and large eyes. He is about 6'2" tall and wears
fashionable, if conservative, clothing.

Roleplaying Hints: Under your conservative, proper
demeanor youarea man in Hell, torn between your two loves.
Your love for Vera is slowly winning, but you feel like a traitor
to Edward every time you are with her. You are looking to
Alonzo to somehow help you solve the problem.

Haven: The Vignes' large mansion in Pasadena.

Influence: None.

L.A. by Night


Dawn Cavanaugh

Dawn Cavanaugh was born in Sudan in 1882 to the wife
of a British army officer stationed in Khartoum. When the
city fell to the Mahdi in 1885 the officer and his wife were
killed, and Dawn was taken away. She was taken into the
household of one of the sheiks in the service of Mohammed
Ahmed, where she grew up.

When Dawn was 16 her startling good looks — particu-
larly her long red hair, caught the attention of a high-ranking
Setite, who arranged to have her kidnapped from her home.
She was taken to the Grand Temple of Set, where she was
initiated into the clan. Dawn was extremely successful as an
agent of Set. Her life in the court of the Sheik had given her
atalent for subterfuge, and the early death of her parents had
left her completely amoral. For the next 15 years she served
the Grand Temple and traveled throughout the Middle East,
spreading corruption. She was particularly active in the
European communities dotting the region, and was at least
partially responsible for the moral decadence that developed
there as the European empires crumbled.

When World War I came along, Dawn decided that the
Middle East was too hot for her and emigrated to the United
States. She stayed in San Francisco for quite a while but kept
feeling the call to move south. In 1923 she did so, founding
her own Temple of Set in the Malibu hills. The temple was
spectacularly successful, drawing mortals and Kindred from
all over Southern California. Dawn became extremely popu-
lar, and gathered many worshippers for her dark master. The
reputation that Hollywood gained in the '20s and '30s as the
"Sin Capital of the World" got a substantial boost from
Dawn's efforts.

In 1944 thisall came toasudden end. As the elders of Los
Angeles were falling under the teeth and claws of the anarchs,
the temple was attacked by a horde of werewolves, and
everyone there was slaughtered. Fortunately for Dawn, she
was not there. She claims that she was visiting the temple in
San Francisco, but others believe that she was somehow
tipped off and for her own reasons decided to leave her
followers to their fate.

However she managed it, Dawn survived the attack and
stayed in San Francisco until she again felt the calling tohead
south. When the Sabbat siege of L.A. failed in 1965, Dawn
returned to the Southland, reasoning that the resulting chaos
would improve her chances of remaining undiscovered. She
opened another temple, this time in the Hollywood Hills,
and once again began gaining followers and acolytes.

Chief among those acolytes was a young Kindred named
Nicholas, whose beauty, ruthlessness and extraordinary se-
ductive powers had attracted Dawn's interest. Unfortunately,
Nicholas was also ambitious and wanted the temple for
himself, so he informed a coterie of young vampires of Dawn's
location. This did not work out as he had hoped, as the
anarchs used the information to locate the temple and then
informed Jeremy, who helped them to attack and destroy it.
Nicholas was killed in the attack, but Dawn was tipped off by
a member of Jeremy's coterie who had turned to the ways of
Set, and she escaped to Chicago.

She remained there until werewolves attacked that city,
when she once again returned to L.A. She wants to found
another temple, but not until she has had her vengeance on
the vampires who informed on her, and most of all on Jeremy.

Dawn is not only completely amoral, she also revels in
the moral decadence of others. Her goal is the complete
corruption of Los Angeles, and most people agree that it is
well on its way. To that end she concentrates on seducing the
important opinion molders of Los Angeles, reasoning that as
they go, so goes the city. She works on mortals when she must,
but she much prefers to seduce Kindred. Her ultimate goal is
to bring down and destroy Jeremy, whom she hates fanati-
cally. Dawn's favorite weapons are drugs and sex, but she is
perfectly happy to use whatever works. Her complete loyalty

Chapter Four: The Damned


to the Grand Temple is only enhanced by the fact that her Disciplines: Dominate 5, Obfuscate 2, Presence 3,
heart lies in a small urn there, making her unstakable. Serpentis 4
Clan: The Followers of Set Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 2, Resources 4
Nature: Conniver Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Demeanor: Deviant Humanity: 3
Generation: 8th Willpower: 7
Embrace: 1898 (born 1882) Image: Dawn has pale skin, deep green eyes and clouds
Apparent Age: Mid-teens of red hair. She hasa very lush figure, which she always shows
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4 off to good advantage.
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4 Roleplaying Hints: You are always charming, fun and
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wies3 agreeable. Try to make whoever is talking feel as though you
Talents Acdng? Brawl 1, Dodge 3, ieee ae know he is the most intelligent, handsomest and sexiest
ezhin 4, Seduction 5, Streetwise 2) Subterfise 3 (create in the world: Then destroy hit
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 4 Haven: Ina very beautiful apartment in a decayed hotel

fas in Hollywood.
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 2, Law 1, Politics 2 iiflsenice: Nous enyiiore: Bur fiBe wae


Mohammed al-Muthlim

Mohammed al-Muthlim first appeared on the L¥A. scene
shortly after the siege of L.A. in 1965, supposedly an anarch on
the run from the Prince of Chicago. He claimed to have fought
against the Black Hand during the siege and attracted a large
coterie of admirers. His strange habits (his have is a crypt in an
old graveyard) initially caused considerable suspicion, but his
charisma and apparent support for the anarch cause eventually
won him influence with the younger Kindred. He formed a
gang, originally just of young vampires. As the gang's power in
South Central L.A. grew, it attracted mortal followers too,
although its Kindred members continue to rule it. Originally
calling themselves the "Crypt's Sons", after their meeting place,
the members have since shortened the name of the gang.

Mohammed does come from Chicago, but the rest of his
story is actually very different from the official version. Born
Walter Johnson, into a middle-class family, he moved to New
York when he was 15, when his father was transferred to his
employer's home office. Lonely and cut off from his friends,
Walter fell in with a bad crowd. At first it was just a matter of
driving around with them, buying and selling drugs and an
occasional gun. As the drug business improved and other gangs
began to move in, Walter began to show an unexpected flair for
leadership. Under his influence the gang was able to eliminate
the competition and considerably increase its profits.

At this point Walter first heard the teachings of Elijah
Mohammed and became fanatical Black Moslem. He quit the
gang to devote all of his considerable energies to his new
religion, changing his name to Mohammed X. Meanwhile, the

Sabbat had begun to put together its War Parties for the siege
of L.A., and Mohammed was recommended as a chief. One
night he was snatched off of the street and initiated against his
will. Mohammed very quickly came to see the advantages of his
new lifestyle. Changing his name again to Mohammed al-
Muthlim (Mohammed of the Darkness), he threw himself into
the Sabbat cause with all the fervor he had previously devoted
toIslam. By the time of the disastrous siege of L.A., Mohammed
wasalreadya force to be reckoned with in the New York Sabbat.

When the siege began to unravel, Mohammed suddenly
found himself and the remains of his War Party attacked by
blood-mad Brujah. Thinking quickly, Mohammed, who had
not yet been seen, snuck around behind the anarch mob and
then helped attack his own pack. With the help of the Brujah,
Mohammed slaughtered his former companions. When it was
all over Mohammed found himself a hero of the young Brujah
he had "supported." He stayed with the Brujah side, meanwhile
helping as many of the Sabbat to escape from L.A. as possible.
He quickly moved to re-establish his ties with the Sabbat and
establish a beach-head for the final conquest of L.A.

The Sabbat, however, still reeling from its defeat, has
chosen a very cautious course. Mohammed's instructions were
towait, avoid detection atall costs, and slowly build up acoterie
of loyal followers. This he has done. He is making no secret of
his desire to expand his barony, specifically eastward and
southward, but he is giving it the appearance of a normal
landgrab, rather than the prelude to another siege.

Mohammed's loyalty to the Sabbat is absolute, but he is
highly ambitious and expects to be promoted to archbishop or
evencardinal when he bringsdown the Free States. Mohammed
makes an excellent enemy for anarch characters. While his
gang keeps him physically safe, his schemes will keep giving the
characters something to overcome. Characters from the Sabbat
will find him a demanding but supportive master.

Sire: Tarantine

Nature: Manipulator

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: ninth

Embrace: 1963 (born 1937)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 5

Chapter Four: The Damned


Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 3, Security 2, Stealth 3 tive with his fellow gang members. He does not knowa lotabout
Knowledges: Finance 2, Investigation 2, Law 2, Occult 4, the Sabbat and how it works, but he knows that he is working
Politics 2 for its eventual "liberation" of Los Angeles.

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Dementation 1, Dominate 4, Clan: Lasombra
Obfuscate 1, Obtenebration 4, Potence 2, Protean 2, Pres- Sire: Mohammed al-Muthlim
ence 2, Vicissitude 3 Nature: Loner

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 5, Influence 1, Re-
sources 4, Retainers 5, Status 4

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 4, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment: Power and the Inner Voice 7

Willpower: 8

Image: Mohammed is a medium-sized African-American
man of average weight. He has an aristocratic face and a big
smile. His dress usually reflects his environment, so that he
wears beautifully tailored suits to business meetings, and T-
shirts and jeans when "hanging with the homies."

Roleplaying Hints: You are the height of cool. You know
youhave a lot of enemies, but they don't frighten you. Youronly
fear is being revealed as a member of the Sabbat, for if Jeremy
finds that out before you are ready, he will destroy you and
everything you have worked for. In the Rants you are friendly
and supportive of the other barons. Youcan afford to be gracious
to your enemies, knowing that when the Sabbat returns they
will all be destroyed.

Haven: Although hestill favors his crypt in the Inglewood
Park Cemetery, Mohammed has havens scattered throughout
his barony.

Influence: Mohammed's influence is enormous. Not only
does he control the largest gang of Kindred in the city, but

through them he controls one of the most powerful mortal ,

gangs in the world. He is the most widely feared vampire in the
Free States. While the Sabbat is still leery about him, he had
made secret visits to Mexico City in order to develop new
Disciplines.

Henry Taylor (Slash)
Like most of the Crypt's Sons, Henry's life as a mortal was
nasty, brutish and short. He was born into a lower middle-class
family on the northern edge of Watts, in 1963. His father
disappeared during the riots two years later: it isn't known
whether he was killed or if he took the opportunity to slip away
intheconfusion. Henry's mother raised himas well asshe could,
but she had to work hard just to keep the house and usually
wasn't home, so Henry pretty much raised himself on the
streets. By the time he got to high school, he was already
running with a gang, headed by a shadowy figure named Vince
who only showed up at night. Henry became a favorite of
Vince's, who one night dared him to enter a crypt in the old
Inglewood Park Cemetery.

Henry managed to survive the Sabbat initiation witha fair
amount of his mind intact. He isnow one of Mohammed's main
men, and runs his own gang of mortals for the benefit of his
Sabbat masters. Like the rest of the Crypt's Sons, Henry is
totally loyal to Mohammed al-Muthlim and fiercely competi-

Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 4

Politics 1

Potence 1

wears the white T-shirt, black jeans and expensive running-
shoes of the gang member, as well as the identifying blue
bandanna of the Crypt's Sons.

anyone. If someone threatens you, kill them first.

and fellow Kindred gang members.

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1978 (Born 1963)

Apparent Age: Mid-teens

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Security 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Investigation 1, Law 1,

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Dominate 2, Obtenebration 2,

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Mentor 3, Resources 3, Status 1
Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 2, Morale 2

Path of Enlightenment: Power and the Inner Voice 3
Willpower: 4

Image: Henry is about 6' tall and keeps his hair short. He }

Roleplaying Hints: Youare tough and don't take shit from

Haven: In a tightly boarded-up house in Watts.
Influence: At the moment, only among his mortal gang


Irena

Irena was born ina Chicago ghetto during World War II.
Her parent's both died when she was young, and Irena
became a street child. She managed to survive throtigh sheer
determination, but Chicago isan inhospitable place for street
people, and Irena hit the road, joining the many migrant
workers who had been displaced by the Great Depression.
She traveled widely throughout the United States, hitching
and riding the rails. She worked when she had to, but
preferred to steal when she could. One night in California she
was picked up by some very strange people traveling in a
caravan of old trucks and cars.

Irena fit right in with the Ravnos, who saw in her a
Kindred spirit, and Embraced her when they felt she was old
enough. After several years of traveling throughout the
Southwest with her family group, she pulled a scam on its
leader. This earned her gasps of respect from the others, and
a boot in the pants from the elder. Irena went her own way,
and began running small con games up and down the length
of California. Don Sebastian ran her out of Los Angeles
several times, but she always returned.

In 1943 agents of Don Sebastian slaughtered Irena's
entire family group, apparently in retribution fora small con
they pulled on one of the prince's favorites. When Irena
learned of the deaths she swore to avenge herself on Don
Sebastian, but she lacked the resources to make an attack on
him. She joined the anarchs, who were thrilled have the use
of Irena's considerable skills in subterfuge — she was instru-
mental in helping them track down the havens of the elders
of Los Angeles. When the Revolt came, Irena insisted on
being part of the team that attacked the Don's rancho,
although she never managed to get inside.

After the Revolt, Irena returned to her wandering. She
continues to travel throughout the Free States and up into
the Northwest, where she attempts do as much damage as she
can to the Camarilla in those cities.

Over the years, Irena has managed to found her own
"family" of mixed Kindred and kine. The 12 of them travel
throughout the Free States, joyfully scamming and stealing
from vampires and mortals alike.

Irena sees herself as something of an avenging angel and
does her best to help anarchs in trouble, and to fight the
Camarilla and Sabbat wherever she can.

Clan: Ravnos

Sire: Jacopo

Nature: Survivor
Démeanor: Rebel
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1946 (born 1917)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Leadership 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 3, Firearms 1, Melee 2,
Security 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Law 2, Occult 2

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 1, Chimerstry 4,
Dominate 2, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 4, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Herd 2, Retainers 3,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 8

Image: Irena is a small woman, with long black hair and
dark skin and eyes. She typically wears black T-shirts, black
jeans, motorcycle boots and a leather jacket.

Roleplaying Hints: You have a great zest for life. Laugh
a lot, play jokes on your friends and cheat everyone else with
a flashing smile and a kiss on the cheek.

Haven: In a large van.

Influence: Irena tends to make her presence felt wher-
ever she goes, but she never stays anywhere very long, so her
influence tends to be somewhat spotty.

Chapter Four: The Damned


Chapter Five:

The Politics of *
Anarchy

The political landscape of the Free Stat
shifting tapestry of friendships, alliances, betrayalsand hatreds.

es is an ever-

It is almost impossible to accurately track all of the conflict-
ing forces that shape this tapestry, but this chapter will give
you a sense of some of the major forces at work here, and what
the situation is as of tonight.

The Gangs

Without question, the dominant political force in the

Free States is the gangs. It is their presence that defines life
and the Free States
without understanding who the gangsare and how they work.

here, and it is impossible to unders

What is a gang? There is no single answer to that

question. No two gangs are set up or run in exactly the same

ofa

way, but all share certain similarities. They all consis
group of Kindred who have voluntarily joined together to
defend and support one another, and who have claimed an
area.

Note that these areas, or "baronies", are the hunting
grounds of the gangs, not necessarily where their members
reside. With the Los Angeles freeway system pretty much at
their disposal at night, gang members can readily cross the
entire Los Angeles basin to reach their baronies, even if they
live somewhere else. Most Kindred, however, choose to live
in their own barony. Likewise, the boundaries of the baronies
are defended only in terms of hunting. The gangs are unable
to, and do not care to keep other members of gangs from
passing through their territories, as long as those others do
their hunting elsewhere.

Even the prohibition on hunting in another gang's

territory, however, is not absolute. Some barons, such a
Louis Fortier and the Blount Sisters, are fairly accommodat-
ing, aslongas permission isasked. Others, such as Mohammed
al-Muthlim, have stated publicly that they will kill any
Kindred they find hunting on their turf. Still, "poaching" is
fairly common, and among some gangs itis considered. a mark
of status to have fed in another gang's barony.

small,
medium and large. The small gangs can include as ma

The gangs of the Free States come in three type:

ny as
five vampires andas few as one. They typically control asmall
area, though it can be larger area if it has a very spread-out
population. It is actually a misnomer to refer to most of these
as "gangs". More often they are a family group, such as the
Vignes or the Blounts, or a small coterie, such as the trio of
Gangrel roaming the Wilds east of Los Angeles.

When the Free States were first declared, most of the
gangs started off this small and gradually grew, taking on more
and more members and claiming more and more territory.
Since all of the territory in the Free States with sufficient
population density to support vampires has already been
claimed, this model of slow growth and expansion no longer

works for gangs.

The only small gangs that still exist are one of these three
types: those led by a vampire who is powerful enough to
defend his territory against all comers (Louis Fortier in West

L.A. and Edward Vignes in Pasadenaare two good examples);
those whose territories are too isolated and small either to
support more vampires or to be easily absorbed into a larger
barony (Simi, Santa Clarita and Fresno are examples of

Chapter Five: Politics


these); or those that have made mutual-defense agreements
with their more powerful neighbors (Edward Vignes, for
example, has extended his protection to the Blount Sisters in
Glendale and Bela in Burbank, while Steve Booth would get
seriously ticked at anyone who messed with his "bros" in
Huntington Beach). In the past, mutual-defense pacts have
only lasted as long as was convenient for the more powerful

of the two parties, but at the moment everything appears to
be stable. These baronies also tend to be on the outer edge of
the L.A. area, where they are less likely to be surrounded by
hostile or hungry neighbors.

The medium-sized gangs, which have between six and

11 members, are different from their smaller rivals: they are
mostly organized on a standard gang model, with a leader
surrounded by a group of followers who are more or less loyal
to her. On the other hand, politically they are similar to the
smaller gangs. On the whole they are either allied with their
neighbors, as is the case with the Whittier and Covina gangs,
whoare allied with El Hermandad orare too isolated to either

grow or be absorbed, like San Jose. Anaheim and Santa Ana,
on the other hand, aren't allied with anyone, and Anaheim
doesn't even currently have a baron. These two baronies are
surrounded by gangs that have other things on their minds
than conquest, which has given them both a little breathing
room. Amethyst, the Baron of Santa Ana, is determined to
"olidate her hold over Anaheim before the other gangs

ie)

can turn their attention in her direction.

nye.

As is true in the business of nations and hamburger
stands, the big ones set the standards, make the rules, and
decide when to break them. The large gangs in the Free States
are the power players in the Free States political scene.
Running between 12 and 25 members, all of these gangs have
strong leaders who keep their followers organized, focused
and off of each other's necks. They actually serve the same
function as princes do in Camarilla-held cities, although they
would almost all deny this vehemently. The large gangs
include: The Crypt's Sons, run by Mohammed al-Muthlim;
El Hermandad, run by Salvadorand Jesus; the Torrance gang,
run by David Geduld; Steve Booth's Long Beach gang; and
the San Diego gang, controlled by Tara.

These last are by far the most volatile and dangerous
ngs. Because of their size and strength, there is no one ina
ion to tell them what they can and can't do. At the
momenta sort of "bz

pos

ance of terror" is keeping things calm,

but it is very unlikely that things will stay that way much
longer.

Joining a Gang
Characters who wish to become gang members should
have no difficulty in finding a gang that is recruiting. The
high "mortality" rate among the gangs means that they
are constantly looking for new members. The current war
between Tom Weaver and Allison Maller for control of
the Barony of Anaheim is using up a large number of


Kindred at the moment, and both sides are always on the
lookout for replacements. Tara is also known to be re-
cruiting, and most of the gangs are willing to consider
new members, particularly if they bring a new and useful
Skill or Discipline to the gang. Tough-looking characters
who hang out in A Taste of L.A. or Club Zombie are sure
to get approached by someone pretty quickly.

A desire to join, however, is not enough to secure a
place in a gang. While different gangs have different
standards, most of them will be looking for high physical
attributes, good combat skills, and a high level in
Streetwise. The lower the generation and the more pow-
erful the Disciplines, the better. Even if a character is
accepted into the gang, however, they will be seen as a
"newbie," and will remain ona sort of probation until she
has participated in her first raid with the gang, or made
her first kill on the gang's behalf. Characters who have
joined a gang are expected to support its interests, con-
fine their hunting to the gang's barony and to patrol for
trespassers. They are also expected to obey the orders of
their baron, and to attend him when he goes to public
functions. In return, they can expect their gang-brothers
to come to their aid if they get in trouble, that they will
receive help in establishing a safe haven, and that their
brothers will support them at Kindred gatherings.

AHome of One's Own

The long-range goal of the characters may be to
control a barony of their own, which can be a whole
chronicle in itself. Since there are no more areas in the
Free States capable of sustaining vampires, a character
who wants a barony must take it from someone who
already has one. This is usually done by recruiting a gang
and declaring war on a baron who appears to be weak, or
by earning the affection and trust of a baron and then
backstabbing him. However, Jeremy has occasionally
stepped in at the request of the local Kindred and ap-
pointed a baron when the position suddenly became
vacant for some reason.

Once the characters have a barony of their own to
control, whole new possibilities for a chronicle open up.
The characters will have to deal with threats from the
outside, as other barons attempt to take advantage of the
new baron's inexperience and muscle in on her territory.
They will also have to consider the possibility of treach-
ery from within, as their own gang members look
covetously at their position. How much involvement will
they want to have with the mortal communities under
their control? Will they want to rule the mortals from
behind the scenes, or just make sure that they don't pose
a threat to the interests of the Kindred? They will also
need to be aware of what is happening in the rest of the
Free States and beyond, so that they can be adequately
prepared for whatever comes. The crown of the baron can
be very heavy at times.

Elders and L.A.

Despite its incredible wealth and potential, Los
Angeles does not make an attractive home for older, more
powerful Cainites. While any one elder might be more
than a match even for an entire gang, the sheer weight of
numbers found in the Free States would surely drag her
down. This does not stop elders from coming, however.

Los Angeles is just too important for the elders to
avoid. Its role in industry, finance, politics and more
demand attention. So they plant their mortal agents and
sneak in, creeping out of planes, rail cars, boats and trucks.
They conduct their business and scurry out, taking every
precaution to avoid detection.

Some have an even greater investment. The Justicar
Petrodon, for instance, has a number of agents in the Free
States. The Prince of San Francisco has certainly not left
Los Angeles alone, and more than one anarch sells him
information. Other elders spend months at a time here
and have developed connections with one or another
gang.

Still, Christopher is the most powerful vampire to
stay here year round. His apparent age and great power
have combined to keep him safe, as has his unparalleled
knowledge of the city. He gives little thought to the
question of why he stays here, considering it his perma-
nent home. He has forgotten the Brujah called Dark
Selina who helped him flee Boston, though he still owes
her a great boon for having gotten him out.

The Political
Situation

The political situation in the Free States is tense, and
likely to get tenser in the very near future. At the moment
things are peaceful on the surface, with the exception of the
small bush war going on in Anaheim. The big players are
jockeying for position, trying to strengthen themselves
while they wait for the proper time to make their move.
They may be trying to sway public opinion by making their
opponents look bad, recruiting double agents from the ranks
of the enemy, trying to manipulate the political and business
environment to their advantage, etc. Any of these can make
a crucial difference when the war comes.

There are several areas within the Free States where
conflict is likely to break out, although it is hard to say where
it will spring up first. While the anarchs are not aware of all
of these internal and external threats, they certainly know
of some of them and sense that there are others. The tension
caused by this awareness is taking its toll on the Kindred of
the Free States. They are tense, jumpy, and even more likely
than usual to kill first and not bother asking questions.
Unfortunately, this is worsening the friction between the

Chapter Five: Politics


gangs, and inadvertently increases the likelihood of the very
conflict that everyone is worried about.

Internal Threats
Anaheim

This conflict is going on now, and will probably be over
soon. Tom Weaver, with the help of Amethyst, is slowly
grinding up Allison Maller's gang and depleting her re-
sources. Unless someone comes to Allison's help in the near
future (hint, hint), Amethyst will rule a combined barony of
Santa Ana and Anaheim within the next few months.

San Diego

It is very clear to most Kindred observers that Tara, the
Baron of San Diego, is planning to break off relations with the
Free States and set herself up as prince, possibly even re-
allying with the Camarilla or some other powerful group. The
timetable for this is far from certain, but it is likely that Tara
will wait until Jeremy's attentions are otherwise engaged
before she makes her move.

This can be the basis of a wonderful chronicle, as the
characters become caught up in the struggle. Possible sce-
narios might include: Jeremy recruiting the characters as
scouts to investigate the situation in San Diego; the charac-
ters being sent into San Diego to foment trouble between
Tara's gang and the other Kindred who live there; the
characters participating in a preemptive strike on Tara and
her gang; the characters being attacked by Tara's gang; Tara
recruiting the characters to act as a fifth column against the
anarchs; or the characters gaining information that suggests
that Tara has made adeal with the Crypt's Sons to support her
bid for independence.

If the characters have a barony of their own, particularly
one lying between the two cities. it is very likely that they will
be courted by both sides for support in the civil war. If you
like, You may decide that Tara is in fact controlled by any of
anumber of outside forces (the Sabbat, Camarilla, Giovanni,
Setites, etc.) who are using her to weaken the Free States for
their own purposes. If Tara is unaware that she is being used
and that fact is revealed to her, she is very likely to end her
attack on the Free States and turn against her erstwhile
controllers.

Torrance - Long Beach

David Geduld has been planning his attack on the Long
Beach Kindred for abouta year. He has been training his gang
members, scouting out the Long Beach area and stockpiling
vitae so that his troops won't have to hunt while the war is
going on. David is moving carefully, because while his gang
is roughly the size of Steve Booth's, Steve is a much more
popular vampire than David is. Steve could certainly count
on support from the five Huntington Beach vampires, as well
as quite a few volunteers from Los Angeles.

Although on the surface this war looks serious enough to
inflame the entire South Coast region of the Los Angeles
area, it is far more dangerous than it seems. David has entered
into an agreement with Mohammed al-Muthlim for extra
troops in exchange for favors to be named later. On the other
side, Steve is very popular with both El Hermandad and the
Whittier Kindred, who are very likely to help him, particu-
larly if the Crypt's Sons become involved on the other side.
Ifa war were to start between the two baronies, it would soon
involve most of the vampires in the L.A. area.

Crypt's Sons - El Hermandad

This is clearly the most intense gang rivalry currently
going on in the Free States. On the face of it, all of the
advantage appears to be with the Crypt's Sons. They are well
organized, very well armed, and outnumber El Hermandad by
betterthan twotoone. On the other hand, El Hermandad has
Salvador, and that means lots of friends. The Kindred of
Whittier and Covina would almost certainly assist El
Hermandad if it came to war, and Jeremy MacNeil would
probably also come to the aid of his longtime brother-in-
arms. Even so, this would be a roughly even match, and many
Kindred have wondered what is holding Mohammed back.

Outside Threats

San Francisco - San Jose

Vannevar Thomas, the Prince of San Francisco, is
getting pretty tired of these upstart anarchs sitting right on
his back porch. Not only is there the danger of an attack, but
the anarchs of San Francisco are starting to hold the alto-

The Watchers

All the world's eyes are on Los Angeles, for this is a
place unlike any in Kindred history. The city has survived
without one ruling vampire, and seems ready to continue
doing so. Needless to say, more than one vampire from
outside has licked his lips at the prospect of taking over the
City of Angels.

For instance, three Methuselahs who have been fight-
ing over New England have sent their agents to the area.
One of them, Dark Selina, actually helped Christopher
arrange passage to Asia in hopes that he would establish a
foothold there that she could later exploit. His landing on
the California coast was unfortunate at the time, but now
may turn into an advantage. The other members of the
Triad have also scouted out the area, but they lack anagent
as powerful as Christopher.

Ofcourse, the anarchs consider themselves free of the
Jyhad, and while this is not exactly true, they are certainly
less likely to be directly manipulated by an elder. The more
powerful gang leaders have had visitors, however, and no
one should assume that their friends have not been cor-
rupted.


gether false belief that they can ignore his rule with impunity.
He has made several feints towards San Jose in the past, to
keep the anarchs there in line, but he is now preparing to
make a majorattack on the city and take it over. Whether he
will be
of the

brethren. This could become a very nasty war, and a very

ful is unclear, since it is very likely that many

anarchs would come to the aid of their northern

interesting chronicle, especially if Petrodon decides to begin

his attack on the Free States there and threw his archons into

the fray.

The Camarilla - The Free States

The Camarilla has been waiting for its opportunity to
bring the Free States back into the fold. It is very likely that
at the 1997 meeting, the Inner Circle will decide to take a
more active role. Of course, 1997 is just the date used in our
campaign. You are welcome to make the meeting sooner if
you wish. If the Camarilla does decide to invade the Free
States, it is likely that Petrodon will be given overall com-
mand of the operation, although several Justicars and their
archons may be assigned to help him. Since the Camarilla is
very concerned about violating the Masquerade tit will
commit far fewer vampires than the Sabbat would send for a
siege, but their individual power will be far greater.

Characters who are loyal to the Free States could be-
come involved in a Camarilla Attack chronicle in a number
of ways. They could simply struggle to escape, help others do
So, or join in the counterattacks. If the city is lost, they could
flee to San Diego and try to prepare it for the inevitable siege,

or they could take to the hills and begin a guerrilla war against

the Camarilla. It could make a fascinating Chronicle for the

characters to attempt to gather allies and material while
hiding from the archons of the Camarilla. The Lupines might
also become involved, possibly aiding the characters, or
working with the Camarilla to hunt them down.

The Sabbat - The Free States

The reason Mohammed has not yet begun a war of
acquisition against El Hermandad is that his masters in the
Sabbat have not quite finalized their plans for the final siege
of the Free States. The Black Hand doesn't want him endan-
gering himself ot his followers in pointless land grabs when
they are about to commit the largest land grab of all. Troops

have been in Mexican Sabbat territory, waiting for just the

right time to swarm over the border and destroy every
Kindred between San Diego and San Francisco. Once the
Sabbat begins the siege, the Crypt's Sons and their mortal
pawns will spread across the city, bringing the stake and the
torch to the anarch elders. Meanwhile, the War Parties will
Toar into town, trying to eliminate as much of the opposition
as possible. The Sabbat has no intention of being caught
unawares again.

Interestingly enough, the chronicle for a Sabbat siege
would not be terribly different from a Camarilla attack,
although the siege would likely be quicker, louder and more

Tig
Lipids,
yp witly
WY Le
gas |
C On : 4 i

i Z

i a ae
ms 3

5,
Bel
Z yl" ié

N

oy

NS

SN

Sy

\\

Z


violent. The Camarilla, for example, are less likely to execute
every vampire in the Free States, although they certainly
would if they thought that it was the only way to ensure their
control of the region.

The Lupines - The Free States

The Garouare furious over the burn-off in late 1993, and
are very likely to do something about it in the near future.
Very few werewolves were actually hurt in the blaze, but the
wanton destruction of the forestlands just to get at the Garou
has enraged them. Many of the local Lupines are urging an
attack on the Kindred, spurred on by the success in Chicago,
although the Glass Walkers are counseling patience.

If the Garou decide to go to war, the attacks will be well
planned, and brutally efficient. The Lupines would not be
attacking to capture the city, but rather to drive out the
Kindred. They will come simultaneously from the mountains
around Malibu northwest of L.A., and from the Angeles
National Forest, to the north. Their first targets will be the
Rainbow complex in Vernon, and then the havens of Louis
Fortier, Jeremy MacNeil and Salvador. The characters could
be caught up in the conflagration in a number of ways: just
saving themselves and their havens; trying to save their
friends; or gathering other Kindred either to help them
escape from the carnage or to counterattack the Lupines.
Whether the attack succeeds completely and drives the
Kindred from L.A., or whether the Lupines are eventually
defeated is left up to the Storyteller and the actions of the
characters.

Managing the
Anarchy

The Rants

Freedom rings wherever opinions clash.
— Adlai Stevenson

When looking at how the vampires of the Free States
govern themselves, it is important to keep in mind that the
Anarch Free States are just that: an anarchy. There is no
government, and no leader to make decisions or solve prob-
lems. A vampire who has a problem with another vampire is
expected to work it out herself, and killing the one creating
the problem is considered a fine solution. On the other hand,
there
answers, and some Kindred who don't feel that slaughter is

are some things that are not amenable to such simple

always the best approach to the problem. For them, there are
the Rants.

Every city which harbors Brujah has Rants, and those in
the Free States grew out of that tradition. Before 1944 Don
Sebastian had outlawed Rants (then called Meets) in his
domain, and his enforcers actively broke them up when they
occurred. The Rant that took place on the final night of the
Revolt is still talked about among the Kindred, and it is
considered a real mark of distinction to have attended that
wild free-for-all. Open to all of the anarchs in L.A., it was

L.A. by Night


there that the Anarch Free States were declared, the Revo-
lutionary Council was formed and the basic guidelines for
unlife in the Free States set up. The Rants continued on an
occasional basis after that, although they were mostly held by
Brujah, exclusively to deal with Brujah issues.

When the Revolutionary Council dissolved itself in
1947, its members wanted to be sure that some forum re-
mained for the anarch leaders to keep the rest informed on
issues vital to the Free States, and to allow the community to
reach a decision, rather than have one imposed upon them.
Such a forum, they hoped, would also give the anarchs an
opportunity to meet, air their grievances and settle their
disputes, rather than ripping one another's throats out. So
one of the last acts of the Council was to set up a series of
meetings to which every Kindred in the Free States was
invited. It even extended the invitation to the Lupines,
although none have ever shown up. The declaration didn't
specify any procedures for the meetings and carefully avoided
calling them "Meets," but since most of the anarchs were
Brujah, who were familiar with only one type of forum , Rants
are what they quickly became and have remained ever since.

The Rants are held every other full moon, and the dates
can be found in any almanac. A typical Rant in the Free
States is similar to such meetings everywhere, differing more
in scope than in form. Where perhaps 35 vampires might
show up for a Brujah Rant, one in the Free State might have
well over 100 Kindred! The increasing size of the Rants has
led to a series of venues, each larger than its predecessor. At
the moment they are held in a huge abandoned bus terminal,
just north of Hollywood Boulevard. The Terminal, as the
Kindred call it, had briefly been converted toa nightclub, and
still has the chairs and tables. It can comfortably hold several
hundred people, but Jeremy has joked that if the Rants start
getting any bigger or louder, he'll have to take over the Music
Center!

Another difference between Free States Rants and oth-
ers is their inclusiveness. Most Rants in other cities are
recognized as Brujah functions; while an occasional Ventrue
or Toreador might wander in, they are definitely viewed as
outsiders. In the Free States, Kindred from all clans are
welcome and no distinction is made, at least on the basis of
clan. The gangs usually show up in force, which can cause a
lot of tension and frequent fights, but actual gang-to-gang
battles have, so far, been avoided.

For first-timers, a Free States Rant can be pretty over-
whelming. Scores of vampires, many in their most outrageous
attire, are seated at tables around the walled-up terminal.
Gang members typically sit together, glowering at their
enemies and giving "high fives" to their friends. One at a
time, Kindred will stand up and speak, usually to the raucous
jeers or adulation (sometimes both) of the crowd. If someone
disagrees with what has been said (almost always) and wants
to do something besides jeer, he will jump and have his say.
It is not uncommon for the original speaker to object, and to
take physical action to discourage such an interruption.

Rallying Idealism

Newcomers to the Free States find it amazing justhow
little they resemble their idealistic dreams. They come
expecting a land where vampires work together for the
betterment of all, and they instead find gang wars, hate
and the same brutality as in other cities. Disillusionment
sets in quickly.

While L.A. vampires pride themselves on their harsh,
"realistic" outlook, that seed of vision still remains. The
great majority of vampires who come to Los Angeles come
seeking something better and are disappointed when they
don't find it. Instead they join the ranks of the gangs, and
spend their time fighting one another instead of building
anything lasting.

This does not have to be the case. Appeals can be, and
have been, made to this spark of idealism. Of course,
anyone doing so will have to face the wrath of those
vampires whose self-interest such thoughts conflict with
(gang leaders, Sabbat, Camarilla agents, Setites, etc.), but
doing so could be what it takes to bring the vampires
together. Otherwise, remember that the enemies are at the
gates, just waiting for the first opening to let them in.

Friends on both sides of the issue may decide to join in, and
a free-for-all may start. Such large-scale fights rarely last for
long, because they interrupt the flow of the evening, but
sometimes they are taken outside and settled there.

Any speaker can call for a vote on anything at any time,
but the votes are no more binding than the speaker wishes
them to be. A given Kindred can speak for as long as she
interests the audience, then be booed off the stage. One can
usually tell how important a speaker is, and how much
support she has, by how quiet it gets when she stands up and
how much time she is given to speak. Rants can go on for a
long time, and can vary in intensity from serious boredom to
extreme tension, depending on who is speaking and what the
issues are. For more information about Rants, see Clanbook:
Brujah.

Typical attendees at Free States Rants are Jeremy
MacNeil, Salvador Garcia (when he's in town), Crispus
Attucks (ditto) and Louis Fortier, the Baron of West Los
Angeles. When he's around, Smiling Jack will show up to
boast of his exploits in some Camarilla-held city and soak up
the adulation of the crowd. Jesus Ramirez and most of El
Hermandad will be there, warily watching Mohammed al-
Muthlim and his Crypt's Sons, who always show up in force.
David Geduld, the Baron of Torrance, will always come with
as many of his gang as he can muster. The Vignes from
Pasadena usually attend, although they rarely speak; they are
usually accompanied by one of the Blount sisters, who is
usually claiming to be the other. Amethyst, the Baron of
Santa Ana, and her gang always attend, as do Tom Weaver
and Allison Maller from Anaheim. Tara, the Baron of San
Diego, attends much less often than she used to, which makes

Chapter Five: Politics


the local anarchs somewhat suspicious. Besides these person-
alities, numerous vampires from Hollywood, Downtown and
the Hollywood Hills fill in the seats.

If any vampire is aware of an issue which that affects the
Free States, this is the forum for announcing it. If it is
something that requires individual action, such as sending an
ambassador to an anarch group in another city, then the
speaker who brought it up will either offer to handle it or ask
for volunteers. If no one speaks up, then no action is taken.
If there is a volunteer, the is judged by the crowd, using a
thumbs-up or thumbs-down vote. Ifsomeone wants to recruit
fighters or agents provocateurs for a raid into Camarilla
territory, hecomes to the rants Ifa vampire, acoterie, or even
agang, wants to settle a grievance against another individual
or group without bloodshed, the Rants are the only place to
do it. Both sides will present their cases, and the crowd will
express its opinion by acclamation. While it's true that
justice tends to go to the most eloquent or popular speaker,
it's the only kind available in the Free States.

Taking Care of the Rest

The sad factis, though, that the Rantsdon'tbegin todeal
with all of the issues that confront the Kindred nightly. It's all
very well to leave the mortal governments in the hands of the
local barons (and their enemies), but what about the police?
What about the newspapers and local television news shows?
All of these must be handled, and very carefully, if the
Masquerade is to continue. In most cities the prince deals
with these issues. Without one, how do the Free States
manage them?

Dealing with the police at first glance appears to be a
daunting challenge. There are dozens of different law en-
forcement agencies across the Free States, each with its own
command structure. Leaving each to the control of the local
baron would be disastrous, since some of the barons' idea of
"subtle manipulation" would involve LAW rockets. Instead,
and with many reservations, Jeremy has taken this task on
himself. He doesn't make a big deal out of it, because feels that
controlling this aspect of life in the Free States is an admis-
sion that anarchy does not work as a political system, but he
does it anyway.

Jeremy handles the problem by taking advantage of an
Achilles' heel in the way the police do business. Every arrest,
interrogation, booking and report in every police station in
the country is entered into a computer somewhere. Deep in
the bowels of Jeremy's home in the Hollywood Hills is one of
the most sophisticated privately-owned computer systems in
California outside of the Technomancer labs. Through the
use of some very high-priced (and now deceased) computer
talent, this system is jacked into every police station in the
Free States. Four heavily Dominated ghouls man it 24 hours
a day, monitoring reports of suspicious activity, checking on
detectives' files, and generally looking out for any hint that
the police suspect the presence of the Kindred. If any such
problem shows up, Jeremy will either refer it to the local

106 L.A. by Night

baron, if he trusts her, or send one of his own agents to deal
with it.

Ofcourse, the computer also comes up with a lot of facts
not directly related to the Masquerade, and Jeremy is cer-
tainly not slow to make use of these for his own personal gain.
This concentrates an enormous amount of power in Jeremy's
hands, and several of the smarter barons have objected to the
situation. There really isn't much that they can do about it
though, since gathering this information does serve a very
important purpose. Several attempts have been made to hack
into Jeremy's computer, but as far as he knows no one has
been successful yet.

The other problem the Free States have to deal with is
the press. Victor Girard has monitored the L.A. Times for
over forty years, and very little gets by his careful scrutiny.
Likewise, he has inserted agents into the network TV news
shows that serves the Southland, but that is about as much as
he can cover. This leaves two major areas unaddressed. One
is that Los Angeles has one of the largest collections of small
independent newspapers in the United States. Many of these
are just throwaways, with just enough news to keep the ads
from running into each other, but there are others that

provide excellent coverage of the happenings in their com-
munities, at a level of detail which the Times cannot match.
There are far too many for any one vampire to watch over, so
they are left to the local barons. As is true with so much else
in the Free States, how these small papers are handled
depends very much on the baron's personality. Some watch
over them very carefully, others don't seem to care.

The other press problem still unaddressed in the Free
States is local television news. There are four local programs
in the Los Angeles area alone, and each community in
Southern California has at least one of its own. Again, these
differ enormously in the quality and accuracy of their report-
ing, but some of them are pretty good. They too are left up to
the local barons.

Obviously, these are large potential problems. So far, the
Kindred have been pretty lucky and no major leaks have
occurred, but twice someone has had to step in and squash a
story that had already been published. This is a lot farther
than such things should be allowed to go. Jeremy is looking
for a solution to the problem, but hasn't come up with
anything yet.

Chapter Five: Politics



Chapter Six:

- Welcome to the>
Free States

"Welcome to the Free States" is an introductory adven-
ture set in Los Angeles. It will allow characters to get a feel
for unlife in the Free States, which is probably very different
from what they are used to, and should offer them an
opportunity to meet some of the major players on the local
scene. It will also allow them to get in enough trouble that the
Storyteller can easily weave a chronicle around their further
exploits in the City of the Angels.

Ifthe characters have been played before andare already
established in a city, it shouldn't be terribly difficult to get
them into hot water with the local prince. He may either
throw them out of the city or sentence them to death forcing
them to flee the Free States. On the other hand, if the players
want to create new characters for their Free States chronicle,
they should be given some guidance. While it is true that
under the precepts laid down by the Revolutionary Council,
any creature of any kind is welcome in the Anarch Free
States, in practice some creatures are a lot more welcome
than others. Lupines, for example, are widely regarded as the
enemy and they are routinely hunted down and killed if they
are found inside the city.

Even among the Kindred, some clans are more accepted
than others. Los Angeles is, after all, an anarch city, and that
means that it is mostly run by the Brujah. The result is that
traditional enemies of the Brujah, such as the Ventrue, have
amuch harder time finding acceptance in Los Angeles. Also

generally shunned are the Tremere, for their secrecy and
Blood-Bonding, and the Toreador, because of the memories
of Don Sebastian. Members of the Sabbat, when they are
identified, are killed immediately. This is not to say that
individual vampires from any clan cannot successfully make
their in Los Angeles, but those from the distrusted clans
already have a strike against them when they arrive.
Malkavians, Nosferatu, Gangrel, Caitiff, and Ravnos, on the
other hand, are usually accepted fairly readily.

The easiest characters to play in Los Angeles are rebel-
lious anarch punks, since that is what the majority of the
Kindred in Los Angeles are. Anarchs can come from almost
any clan, and any vampire can get in enough trouble in his
home city to make a trip to the Free States look like a good
idea. Such a character will slip into the milieu of L.A. much
more easily than, say, an uptight Ventrue corporate attorney.
If players are particularly insistenton playing members ofone
of the less accepted clans, they should be allowed to doso, but
also be made aware of the disadvantages they will be facing,

Another way to introduce characters to the Free States
is as scouts. The Inner Circle has authorized covert expedi-
tions into the Free States, and coteries are often sent there to
look for and exploit weaknesses in the fabric of anarch
society. Individual Camarilla scouts will often join a coterie
of vampires traveling to the Free States and pass themselves
off as anarchs fleeing the wrath of a distant prince. The

Chapter Six: Welcome to L.A. 109


Sabbat, Giovanni, Assamites and Followers of Set all have
agents in the Free States, and are usually happy to send in
more. The one problem faced by all is that many of the agents
they send in are never heard from again.

Characters who flee their cities to make a new home in
the Free States should also be counseled concerning the
Backgrounds they take. , Allies, Contacts and Influence
should be avoided unless the character has a reason for
knowing people in L.A already. . Unless the character is
nationally known, Fame is unlikely to do them any good in
L.A., and unless they are traveling with a bus full of willing
vessels, they can't start with a Herd. If a character has a
Mentor either in Los Angeles or with influence there then it
makes sense to take that as a background, otherwise this also
would not apply. Any Resources which the character has are
going to be in the form of cash or easily transportable
valuables, and only a very well-known anarch could expect
to arrive with any Status at all, and then probably only at the
ancilla level: in the Free States, Status has to be earned.

The Rant

The adventure begins at one of the Rants. The charac-
ters are assumed to have been in Los Angeles long enough to
at least know what a Rant is and when and where the next is
to be.

The parking lot of the Terminal is pretty full by the time
thecharacters arrive. As they head from the parking lot to the
Terminal, they are joined by numbers of shadowy figures.
Most of them are garishly-dressed punks in leathers and studs,
but there are also gang bangers in the traditional uniform of
baseball cap, white T-shirt and black jeans.

When the characters enter the Terminal, they can see
well over 100 vampires seated around the edge of the huge
former waiting room. some have climbed up andare sitting in
the rafters, looking down; most are sitting in groups and
chatting desultory with each other while keeping a wary eye
on the others.

If the characters have a friend with them who is familiar
with the local political scene, she can point out some of the
local celebrities: Allison Maller with her four vampires,
carefully watching Tom Weaver and his four; the statuesque
Steve Booth and his 12 surfer Long Beach Boys; Edward and
Vera Vignes, he in formal evening wearand she ina very chic
outfit, sitting primly with one of the Blount Sisters, who is
looking around in a somewhat bewildered fashion; Baron
Amethyst of Santa Ana with all six of her gang members;
David Geduld, the Baron of Torrance, dressed sharply and
circulating among the other Kindred, shaking hands and
laughing; Louis Fortier, at a table in a corner chatting with
two of his mistresses, Elena Gutierrez and Catherine du Bois.

Seated near the characters, surrounded by a large group
of Latino vampires and clearly their leader, is an apparently
young man in work shirt and jeans, sitting next to him is a
portly, well-dressed individual who appears to be his right-
hand man. These are Salvador Garcia and Jesus Ramirez,

who run El Hermandad. Even if the characters don't recog-
nize him immediately, several people will walk up and greet
Salvador enthusiastically by name, giving the impression
that he has been out of town for a while. Gloria Martinez sits
close to the El Hermandad group, talking to her own six gang
members in a low voice

Also highly visible is one particular girl who is sitting
with Amethyst's group. She has auburn hair, a flawless
complexion and a wonderful figure, and appears to be about
16 years old. She is sitting with her arms arounda young punk
who seems just like all the others in the room, although he
doesn't appear to have reached even their level of hygiene or
social graces. Almost anyone who knows L.A. can identify
the girl as Rose, but no one will recognize the boy she is with.

Finally, a shy-looking punk gets up and addresses the
crowd, which quiets down (a little). Stuttering a bit, she asks
if anyone has seen her friend Dasher, who she thought was
going up to Glendale to hunt. All heads turn towards the
Blount sister, who looks slightly confused but denies ever
seeing him. The young punk looks disappointed, and some-
one yells at her to get off the stage.

At this point the huge double doors at the back of the
Terminal burst open, and a large group of young black
vampires enter, carrying something. They are all wearing
typical gang-member uniforms, and most carry blue bandan-
nas in their pockets. They are led by an older vampire in a
suit, who walks to the center of the room. Anyone there can
identify these as Mohammed al-Muthlim and the Crypt's
Sons, the most dangerous gang in the city. The punk who had
been speaking slinks offstage, and Mohammed addresses the
crowd, saying: "I warned you all not to hunt on our turf, and
I want to thank those of you who listened to me. This guy, on
the other hand, didn't..." He gestures and the Sons throw the
bundle, which turns out to be a headless corpse, onto the
floor. "We don't want trouble with our neighbors, but we sure
as hell aren't going to let anyone push his way into our hood
and hunt there without permission. I hope I've made myself
clear."

As the crowd begins to mutter angrily, Mohammed
strides off and sits down with the rest of the Crypt's Sons.
Room is hastily made for them. Several of the Kindred,
including the young punk who spoke before get, come up and
examine the corpse, but none of them recognize the deceased
vampire apparently . The Kindred continue to mutter among
themselves, and a lot of hostile glances are thrown towards
the Crypt's Sons, but nobody gets up and says anything.
Mohammed appears to be enjoying the attention.

If the characters want to address the crowd, this is their
chance. In general, let them say whatever they want, and
have the crowd react accordingly. Remember, though, that
this is a very tough audience, and a statement like "I'm new
in town and just wanted to say Hi," is at best going to get a
"Who cares?" kind of reaction.

At this point a man walks in froma back room. He is tall
and thin, with an aristocratic bearing. The crowd, which has


been pretty raucous up to this time, gets absolutely silent. The
characters should not have to be told that this is Jeremy
MacNeil, the founder of the Anarch Free States. Ifthey don't
figure it out though, anyone sitting nearby will inform them.

(Storyteller: If you want, read the following to the
players. If you think that it will slow things down too much,
then just tell them that Jeremy givesan eloquent and passion-
ate speech decrying the making of new vampires in the Free
States. On the other hand, if you are a good speaker, try
declaiming with as much verve as you can. If you can add a
slight Scottish burr, so much the betterrrr.)

Brother and Sister anarchs, do I have your permission to
speak? thank you. I've come to you tonight tospeak my mind
about a problem which is facing all of us— numbers. Anyone
who is on the streets of the Free States these days knows that
there are more Kindred than we can comfortably support.
Every month more Kindred come here demanding the shelter
we have pledged to provide them. This is good, and we
welcome our brothers and sisters who are fleeing the oppre
sion of the Camarilla or the Sabbat. Nonetheless, our streets
are becoming more and more crowded, and therefore more
and more dangerous. What can we do? We can heed the
words of Crispus Attucks at the last Rant.— and stop creating
get.

Iknow, creating childer seems like an easy way to fill up
your coterie and bring you power on the streets, but each new
Kindred that is created here means that much less room for
those who need the Free States as a refuge from oppression.
Creating get is unfair to our fellow anarchs out there, unfair
to your brothers and sisters in the Free States, and ultimately
unfair to the babes we create. If you don't believe me, ask
him.... (pointing to the corpse on the ground)

Ican't compel you to do the right thing , you're all free
todo whatever you want. All can ask you todo is think about
what you're doing, and the consequences for all of us. Thank
you.

When Jeremy finishes speaking, ask the players how
their characters respond. Do they applaud politely? Enthusi-
astically? Do they stamp their feet and whistle? Most of the
elder vampires in the crowd applaud enthusiastically, but the
younger vampires don't seem terribly pleased, although they
clap politely. Jeremy looks over the crowd, seeming to notice
who approved of the speech and who didn't, and walks out.

After this, the Rant breaks up. The gangs file out
carefully, glaring at each other, and head to the parking lot.
As Salvador passes the characters, he stops and greets them
in a friendly manner, asking how they are doing. If they are
new to the Free States, he will welcome them and ask where
they are from, showing a pretty fair knowledge of the political
situation in their home town. If they are longtime residents,
he will just be friendly. He will introduce the characters to
Alexis and Murray Goldfarb, who are with him, and will
invite them back to the Taste with him fora drink. Regardless
of the response, he will continue out to the parking lot, either
with the characters or just in front of them.

Chapter Six: Welcome to L.A.


The Attack

It is hard to talk in the parking lot, since cars are starting
upand driving off. Most of El Hermandad hasalready left, and
Alexis, Murray, Jesus, Salvador and the characters arrive at
the front of the Terminal at about the same time. As the
group comes out, a late-model black jeep pulls up with two
men inside, both black. The passenger aimsa double-barreled
shotgun and fires two Dragonsbreath rounds point-blank at
Salvador's head. The powerful gouts of flame knock Salvador
offhis feet and, as Jesus rushes to catch him, the jeep roars off.
Jesus, rocking the unconscious Salvador in his arms, screams
"Get them!" If the characters decide to chase the jeep, go to
The Chase. If not, assume that several El Hermandad gang-
sters nearby give chase and come back with the information
meant for the characters.

The Chase

Fortunately the characters are very near theircar, so they
can still see their quarry as they start up and tear after them.
The jeep turns onto Cahuenga and roars north, driving under
the Hollywood freeway and continuing along the access road
that parallels the freeway at that point. They make ascreech-
ing left onto the bridge across the freeway, and then turn
north on Cahuenga West. At this time of night traffic is
sparse along this stretch of road, so the characters should have
no trouble keeping the jeep in sight when it makes a 180-

degree turn onto Mulholland Drive. This is a steep, very
twisty road that runs up to the top of the Hollywood Hills and
thenalong the spine of the mountainsall the way to Calabasas.
Describe the curvy road, the blind corners and the steep drop-
off on the left as the vehicles travel up. Occasional cars
coming in the other direction also offer hazards to a driver
who strays too far over the center line.

The jeep has a head start of five successes. In order to get
close enough to get the license plate (3LPL555), they will
need to get four more successes using Dexterity + Drive
(difficulty 7) than the driver of the jeep, who has a dice pool
of four. If one of the characters has Auspex, then they need
only get three more successes than the driver.

A botch on any driving roll means that the vehicle has
spun out in one of the dusty patches next to the road and will
need to get back onto the road and get started again. If this
happens to a character, she loses all her accumulated suc-
cesses and must start again. If it happens to the driver of the
jeep, he loses three successes.

The characters will also need to catch up by four suc-
cesses if they want to shoot at the jeep since the winding road
keeps it from staying in range very long. This will put them
about 30 yards behind the jeep; each driving success after that
will let them close the gap by 10 yards. Shooting from a
speeding car is +2 the normal difficulty, and aiming is
impossible. If the character who is driving wants to shoot
also, she must split her dice pool.

LA. by Night


A successful tire shot will cause the jeep to spin out of
control.— go to Ending the Chase. If the characters shoot at
the occupants of the jeep, and are successful, then a body falls
out of the passenger side of the jeep. Ask ifthe characters stop
to examine it. If they do, the jeep will get completely away.
Go to The Body. If they continue their pursuit, go to Ending
the Chase.

Ending the Chase

As the characters are about to overtake the jeep, its
driver suddenly cuts to the left, across the opposite lane and
over the side of the cliff, narrowly missing a car parked at the
side of the road. If the jeep's driver was in danger of escaping
(10 successes or more), then the characters will just be able
to see it ahead in the distance as it swerves to avoid the
parked car and skids off the road.

The jeep turns over several times and comes to reston its
side, about 75 feet below (the characters can see it bouncing
down the cliff if they are very close and get out of their car
quickly enough).The occupants of the parked car, a young
couple in an advanced state of undress, will also rush to look
over the side of the hill — this presents an interesting
problem to deal with

If the characters did not shoot at the jeep, or were
unsuccessful in hitting the passenger, they will find his body
here. Itis lying ina bush about 15 feet down the hill, its neck
broken. Investigation of the jeep will provide the license
number, but the characters will not find any registration.
There will be no trace of either the driver or the shotgun.

The Body

What the characters discover about the body will de-
pend on how they found it . If it fell from the jeep while the
characters were shooting, it will have a small-caliber bullet
wound in the side of the head. A successful Perception +
Investigation or Medical roll (difficulty 5) will reveal that the
man was shot at short range. If the body is found near the
wrecked car, the same roll will indicate that the man's neck
was broken before he was thrown from the car. In either case,
the body is that of a thin, black mortal male in his late 20s,
about 6'2" and 165 pounds. He is wearing a long black leather
coat, with dark slacks and a dark shirt underneath. In his
pockets are some loose change, a switchblade, a wallet
containing $200 and several credit cards belonging to a
"Frank Kennard," but no other identification, and a red
bandanna. The use of The Spirit's Touch will reveal that the
dead man's name was indeed Frank Kennard, that he had a
long history of violence, which he enjoyed, and that he was
a member of the Blood.

Let the characters decide what to do with the body. They
will have to deal with the young couple if the jeep went over
the cliff, as well as the police, whose sirens can be heard
coming up Mulholland.

Revenge!
When the characters return, they will find that the
Goldfarbs have taken Salvador back to the Taste; but that
Mohammed, Jesus and many of El Hermandad have returned
tothe Terminal and are waiting inside. Mohammed will push
his way forward and question the characters thoroughly
about what they saw. He will be particularly interested in the
mention of the red bandanna. He will turn to Jesus and say
."T've been telling you those damn Bloods were getting too
close. Now they've found out about Salvador, and probably
about all of you. They've got to be taken down NOW,
tonight!" El Hermandad members will loudly agree.

Mohammed continues: "I'm going to get the rest of the
brothers. You all meet me at the club in two hours, and we'll
have avenged our own before the sun rises." The Latino
Kindred will roar their approval and sprint for their cars. All
around them the characters can hear engines roaring as the
El Hermandad gangsters peel out into the streets, returning
to their havens to prepare for the upcoming gang war.
Mohammed stands apart, watching as the furious Kindred
roar off with a smile on his lips...

Jesus will explain that the Blood is a mortal gang that has
been at war with the Crypt's Sons for years, but that until now
there hasn't been any sign that they know about any other
Kindred. Mohammed has been screaming for help against
them for a long time, but the rest of the anarchs have seen
themasan effective check on the Crypt's Sons, and no threat
tothe other, so the gang has been pretty much left alone. This
attack on Salvador, however, means that the Blood have
found out about the rest of the Kindred community, and have
decided to take them all on. They will have to be eliminated,
even though it will mean the death of many Kindred: since
the Blood are known to be well-armed and prepared for
Vampire attacks. If the players ask about "the club", Jesus tells
them that it's Club Zombie, downtown, a nightclub where a
lotofKindred hang out. Jesus willask the characters to return.
to the Taste and tell the Goldfarbs and Salvador (if he's
conscious) what has transpired.

Rose and her anonymous companion, who have been
standing somewhat timidly in the background, now ap-
proach the characters. Rose offers the services of her friend,
who she introduces as Zipper, in finding out who owns the
car, since he can pretty easily break into the DMV computers.
If the characters accept the offer, Rose will offer to return to
the Taste with them, since Alexis has a pretty good computer
system there ("Zipper put it in for her"). Ifthe characters turn
down her offer, Rose will flounce off, and Zipper, obviously
disgusted with the characters, will follow her.

Back at the Taste

If the characters have never been to the Taste, Jesus can
tell them how to get there. Following his instructions, they
head south on the Hollywood Freeway into Downtown, take
the Harbor Freeway south to Sixth Street and get off there to
head into the dark heart of the city. Passing by the huge

Chapter Six: Welcome to L.A.


Convention Center, the characters soon find themselves in
a very seedy section of town. Homeless men and women are
in every doorway, or just shuffle along the dark, filthy streets,
totally oblivious to their surroundings. This is Los Angeles'
skid row, where those at the very bottom of the social barrel
congregate.

If this is the characters' first time in downtown Los
Angeles, have the driver roll his Intelligence + Drive (diffi-
culty 7), non-driving characters can make the same roll
(difficulty 6). Failure means that the characters are hope-
lessly lost, and will have to ask for directions. If they ever
leave their car in this area, an appropriate number of locals
will attempt to mug them right on the sidewalk, in front of
dozens of nearby (albeit largely oblivious) witnesses. The
characters will have to deal with their attackers without
making use of their vampiric powers.

Once the characters manage to find their way through
the maze of streets, they will enter a small district of ware-
houses , eventually finding an unmarked building set back
from the street. In the lot in front of the warehouse there are
several cars parked , one of which appears to be occupied.

As the players drive up and park, a huge fat man with a
long red ponytail and bushy red beard, wearing a leather
jacket and jeans, gets out of his car and ambles over to the
characters. Watching them warily he says, ina deep, gravelly
voice, "Evenin' folks. Can I help you?" If the characters
properly identify themselves, he will say. "Yeah, Jesus called
ahead and said you were coming. I'm Christian. Come on in."
and with that he will usher them into A Taste of L.A.

If this is the first time the characters have been to the
Taste, describe the scene for them. The lights are very low,
much lower than the darkest mortal restaurant, but with their
enhanced senses the characters can see a large room with a
bar running along the far side. Along the wall to the left are
booths, and on the right is a small stage, currently unoccu-
pied. Tablesare scattered widely, and apparently haphazardly,
around the sawdust-covered floor. Potted plants hang in the
dimly-lit corners, suspended from the ceiling in macramé
holders. Newspapers and magazines are strewn on many of
the tables, several of which sport chess sets.

The Taste is deserted. Christian, who is obviously upset,
tells the characters that everyone is in the Goldfarbs' quarters
in back. There, they find Salvador laid out on the bed in the
cluttered bedroom. His head and upper body have been
swathed in bandages and he is unusually pale. He appears to
be conscious but in enormous pain. The Goldfarbs, both
looking pretty pale themselves, are hovering over him, care-
fully feeding him vitae from a cup.

Once Salvador has been fed all of the available blood
and is lying quietly, the Goldfarbs and Christian will ask the
characters what happened back at the Terminal. When the
characters mention the upcoming war against the Blood,
they will hear an emphatic "NO!" from the bed, as Salvador
struggles to sit up. When Murray rushes over to lay him down

again, Salvador moans, "It's a trick... Mohammed's just using
them...Stop it...," and then falls back on the bed.

If the characters previously accepted Rose's offer at the
terminal, then Zipper has been in the next room, working at
Alexis' computer. At this point he will announce (with some
pride) that he's tracked down the jeep. If the characters
refused, they will need to try this themselves, needing to roll
their Intelligence + Computer (difficulty 9). Each roll
represents about twenty minutes. If they do quickly succeed,
Alexis will snort something about stupid neonate pride, and
call Zipper at home, who will then get the address for her.

No matter how they get it, the characters will end up
with the name and address of the registered owner of the jeep:
Leon Cutler in Watts. None of the Kindred who are present
have ever heard of him. If the characters show any hesitation
about following up on this lead, Murray will plead with them
to find out who was really responsible for the attack on
Salvador. He will lend them a map of Los Angeles, and show
them how to get to Watts.

If Mohammed is right, and the attack on Salvador was
launched by the Blood, then a gang war is probably inevi-
table. On the other hand, if Salvador is right, then someone
is trying to trick the gangs into a bloody fight that will end
with the Final Deaths of many Kindred. The characters are in
a unique position to save the Free States from unnecessary
bloodshed. If the characters think they need help here, Rose
and Zipper can offer to go along, but they probably won't be
needed (don't tell the players that! ).

Into Watts

Watts is not far geographically from the gleaming towers
of downtown Los Angeles, but it is light-years away socio-
economically. Shabby houses, burned-out businesses and
wrecked, abandoned cars bear mute testimony to the despair
and anguish of the inhabitants. Describe to the characters the
graffiti-tagged billboards, the garishly-lit liquor stores and
the rundown apartment buildings that are scattered across
the bleak landscape. It is roughly midnight by the time the
characters arrive, and most of the houses and apartment
buildings are dark. Occasionally police cruisers or cars filled
with young men in gang uniforms will drive by, the occupants
of both will warily eye the intruders, but no one will take any
action against them.

Ifthe players follow Murray's instructions, they will have
no difficulty in finding the building, which takes up about
half a block in the middle of Watts. To the characters'
surprise, it is a gleaming white church! It is brightly lit on all
sides by floodlights and, although the church itself is dark,
lights can be seen in the small vestry in back. A number of
seemingly idle young men are lounging around the outside of
the church, some on the steps, others on the lawn in front.
Close observation will indicate that several of them are
carrying or wearing red bandannas very similar to the one
found on Frank Kennard's body.

j
;

WS

yy

If the cha

are going to have a difficult time. No one can draw near

‘ters want to sneak up on the church, they

without crossing a well-lit area, and all of the approaches are
. If the characters have Obfuscate,
they can use Unseen Presence, by making three successes on
an extended Wits + Stealth roll (difficulty 6), they can get
close to the lighted vestry, which forms the lower part of an

watched by gang members

"L" shape with the church itself. It too, is illuminated on all
sides. Through the lit windows they can see a tall, thin, older
black man in a black suit and ecclesiastical collar reading a
book in a small, cluttered study. This is the Reverend Leon
Cutter. Ifthe characters attempt to enter the church or vestry
without permission, they will have to make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7) or be stopped by the holiness of the building and
its inhabitant. A botch will send the character fleeing into
the night. Even if they can bring themselves to enter the
building, the characters will need to repeat the roll if they
want to attack (or even closely approach) the Reverend.

If the characters approach the church directly, the
young men will block their way and threaten them, telling
them to leave. If there are any non-black vampires among
them, the gang members will be tense but not abusive. If the
charactersare all black, the gang-members will be much more
hostile and insistent: the only Kindred that they are aware of
are the Crypt's sons, and they are much more likely to assume

that a stranger is a vampire if she is black. If the characters
offer any violence at all, they will be confronted by several

guns, many knives and, interestingly enough, two sharpened
stakes. This is the headquarters of one of the most effective
vampire-hunting groups in the country: If the characters
display any Kindred traits at all, they will be attacked without
and almost certainly killed.

mercy

If the characters ask for Leon Cutler, the gang members
will grow even more tense, and one (apparently the leader)
will ask who they are and why they want him. Before they can
respond (or if they choose not to) the standoff will be broken
up by a voice from the vestry: "Can I help you? I'm Revered
Cutler." The gang members separate, revealing the older
black man that has been reading in the vestry. As he ap-
proaches the characters, tell the players of the goodne
radiating from him, and remind them of how uncomfortable
the characters are in the presence of such holiness. With a
welcoming smile on his face, the Reverend will invite them
into the vestry.

Impress upon the players what a dangerous place the
characters are entering should they accept. At the invitation
of Reverend Cutler, they will only need to make Willpower
rolls (difficulty 4) in order to succeed. Failure means a slight
hesitation, and they may try again. Each successive failure
means that the hesitation grows longer, which will make the
Reverend suspicious.

Once they are all inside, the Reverend will ask what he
can do for them, expressing some surprise that they should be
visiting him this late at night. If the characters ask about the

Chapter Six: Welcome to L.A. 115


116

jeep, they will need to convince the Reverend that they have
a legitimate reason for wanting to know. You may choose to
role play this, or require a Manipulation + Subterfuge roll
(difficulty 5, or 7 if the Reverend is suspicious). If they are
successful, Rev. Cutler will tell characters that the jeep
belongs to him, a gift from his congregation. He doesn't know
where itis, since he loaned it toa member of the congregation
for the evening. Should the characters ask about the identity
of the borrower, the Reverend will want to know exactly
what the problem is, and whether Frank is in trouble.

On hearing about what happened earlier in the evening,
Rev. Cutler sighs, saying that the boy was named Frank
Kennard and that he really didn't know him very well. He
goes to the door and asks if any of the boys outside knew
Frank. One of the gang members reluctantly comes forward,
identifying himselfas Billy, and admit that he was a friend of
Frank's. (If the Reverend has been told that Frank is dead, he
will break it to the young man, who will angrily shrug off any
offers of sympathy). Billy will also mention that the last time
he saw Frank was the previous night in the Rocket, talking to
a well-dressed guy who had a couple of bodyguards with him.
Billy didn't know the guy or the bodyguards, but he is able to
offer a pretty detailed description of the guy: short, thin,
black, dressed in a very stylish black suit with a blue handker-
chief in the pocket — and a black wool overcoat. The guy
wore shades, even though it was night.

Billy is not interested in helping the characters, since he
doesn't know or trust them, and the Reverend will not
pressure him into doing so. The characters may continue to
question the Reverend, but he knows nothing more about the
situation, and you should remind the players that the vam-
pires grow more and more uncomfortable the longer they stay
in the presence of this holy man. As they leave the vestry, the
Reverend offers the characters a blessing, which probably
does not lessen their discomfort.

The Rocket

The Rocket is a small neighborhood bar near downtown
Los Angeles, in neutral gang territory. The characters have
until 2:00 AM when the bar closes, and probably less time if
they want to stop the gang war that is brewing. Impress upon
the players the importance of moving quickly,

Following Billy's instructions, the characters drive
through the dark streets of Watts, back towards Downtown.
The bar is easy to spot, having a red neon rocket flying across
the front. Inside it is filthy, crowded, noisy and smoke-filled.
The denizens are racially mixed, butall look like they've been
here much too long. The bartender is an enormously fat man
named Hector, who can barely squeeze behind the tiny bar.

If the characters talk to Hector and describe the man
they're looking for, he'll profess ignorance, unless they offer
him either money or another inducement (such as fear) to
"remember." Then he'll identify the guy as an occasional
customer who he doesn't know well. He's just called "Killer,"
presumably because of his way with the ladies. "He hasn't

LA. by Night

been in tonight," says Hector "I don't know where he lives,
but I do know one of his bodyguards. He's named Craig
Herndon, and he's aregular—he lives across the street in the
Metropolitan Hotel, but he hasn't come in yet ."

The characters can either wait for Craig in the bar, or
they can go to the Metropolitan Hotel. If they wait, remind
the players that time is passing and that somewhere out there,
El Hermandad and the Crypt's Sons are massing to attack the
Blood. If they wait long enough, however, Craig will show up
just before closing time. He's a huge black man witha shaved
head, a goatee and a bad attitude. He'll stop in, drink a quick
beer and walk out down the street, (past several convenient
alleyways), heading towards Club Zombie. If the players
approach him in the bar, he'll ignore them as long as he can,
then tell them to get out of his face. If they start trouble he's
ready, and has no problem with mixing it up in the bar. Use
the stats for the generic gang member (without the Disci-
plines, since he's mortal) and give him an M1911 heavy
pistol. If the characters approach him on the street, he'll
assume that they are out to hurt him, and will act accordingly.
He willeitherrun away (provoking achase scene) ifhe thinks
there are too many of them, or will fight the characters if he
is likely to win.

The characters may, on the other hand, decide to go
after Craig in his room at the hotel. The Metropolitan is the
seedy downtown joint right out of every detective movie ever
made. The lobby is huge but entirely devoid of furniture, a
sign of its decay from a great hotel to the flophouse that it has
become. The night clerk, from whom the characters will
have to get Craig's room number (326), is falling-down
drunk, and won't remember anything the characters do to
him. The halls are smelly and dark, only intermittently lit by
the red glow of the flickering neon sign out front. Craig's
room is in back, and he is lying on the bed, reading ‘Salem's
Lot by Steven King. He's gotten to the spooky part, so he's on
edge anyway. His pistol is on the nightstand next to the bed.
As is always the case in these scenes, the fire escape is right
outside his window for use if he tries to run for it. Let the
characters' actions drive the encounter, but remember that
Craig is a professional killer, and will be expected to put up
a fight if the characters do not obviously outclass him.

One way or another, the characters will have to force
Craig to answer their questions. Once they are in this
situation, roleplay the interrogation, or have them roll their
Manipulation + Intimidation + Presence (difficulty 4). Each
success gets one piece of information, but every attempt takes
time and makes noise. For each roll after the first one, roll a
die. Ona 4 or less, someone will notice the screaming, anddo
something about it, either trying to save Craig (unlikely) or
calling the police (much more likely). If this happens, the
characters will get one more round of questioning before
they'll have to get going. Craig's information is:

Chapter Six: Welcome to L.A.

Craig works for Killer as a bodyguard.
Killer hired Frank Kennard to doa job with him tonight.
The job went well, and Killer is celebrating at the
Club Zombie, which is down the street a few blocks.
Killer and Craig are members of the Crypt's Sons.
There's something weird about Killer — he's never
around during the day.

Club Zombie

The doorway to Club Zombie is decorated to look like
the entrance to a tomb. The characters may have some
doubts about being admitted to an obviously trendy night-
club in whatever they happen to be wearing, but they need
not worry. Although there is a long line of people waiting to
get in, the doorman (who is dressed like a mortician) will look
at the characters carefully, then stamp their hands and
pointedly suggest that they might be more comfortable in the
Sepulcher.

The place is a typical nightclub, with heavy Gothic
overtones. The music is deafening, the drinks are expensive
and the customers are fashionably dressed. There is a huge
dance floorand a live band. The club is very crowded, and the
characters will have to push their way through the giddy
throng to reach the stairway labeled "Sepulcher." At the
head of the stairs stands a huge attendant made up as a ghoul
(which is more appropriate than most of the customers
think). He will check the character's hands, and then allow
them to go down.

Describe the Sepulcher to the players. The lights are
low, and the room is decorated with black marble and
gleaming brass fittings. The carpet is blood red (attractive,
and it doesn't show stains) and their are curtained alcoves
along the walls. The music in here is as loud as it was upstairs,
but the sound system is better. The place is crowded, with lots
of black and Latino gang members sitting around the edges of
theroom. A close look at the gang members using Perception
+ Alertness (difficulty 7) will reveal that they are heavily
armed.

If the characters look around they will spot a man who
matches Killer's description dancing with a beautiful vam-
pire. While the characters are watching him, Mohammed
al-Muthlim and Jesus Ramirez come out from one of the
curtained booths and address the crowd. Mohammed says
that they have worked out the plans for the attack on the
Blood, and that the gangs should prepare to move out. It's
now or never for the characters.

If they try to speak to the crowd, or to Mohammed or
Jesus directly, Killer will attempt to silence them before they
can tell what they know. On the other hand, if the characters
decide to confront Killer, he'll deny everything and jump
them immediately, In either case, the dance floor will quickly
clear as Killer attacks with teeth and claws. Use Slash's
characteristics for Killer, which makes him a formidable
opponent. Up to three of the characters can attack at one
time. The use of guns is not recommended, both because of


their relative ineffectiveness against vampires, and because
of the danger of hitting someone else.

If the characters are doing well, let them continue
fighting. If they beat him , Killer will confess that he hired
Kennard to attack Salvador, although he will claim that the
idea was his. On the other hand, if the character's are losing,
the fight will be broken up by the gang members and by Louis
Fortier, who will suddenly show up to find out what is
happening in his club. He will give the characters one chance
to explain themselves before he tears their heads off.

One way or another, the characters will get an opportu-
nity to speak. Unless he has been beaten in the fight, Killer
will deny all involvement, but if the players tell the story well
they will be believed. At this point all heads will turn to
Mohammed al-Muthlim, who is the obvious author of this
plot. Mohammed will turn furiously on his lieutenant, accus-
ing him of trying to start a gang war "that would have ripped
this city apart!" In a sudden burst of fury, he will pull a stake
out of his long coat and plant it in Killer's chest. Killer will
gasp, stagger, and fall to the ground, quickly entering torpor.
Mohammed will gesture for some of the Crypt's Sons to take
him away, muttering that he will see to Killer personally.

Mohammed will turn to the characters and thank them
for saving the city. He will sound sincere, but there will be
hatred in his eyes, and his statement that "I'll always remem-
ber what you've done here" may cause the characters some
sleepless days. He will then gather up the Crypt's Sons and
leave the club.

Jesus Ramirez and the rest of El Hermandad will also
thank the characters, much more sincerely, and even Louis
Fortier, who is very tough to impress, will acknowledge that
the characters have done well. The characters may remain at
the Sepulcher and party with El Hermandad, return to the
Taste and explain the situation to Salvadorand the Goldfarbs,
or just go on their merry way.

Whether or not they return to the Taste, word of the
characters' exploits will get back there, and when Salvador
recovers he will seek the players out and thank them for what
they have done. The Goldfarbs will also be grateful, and offer
the use of the Taste to the characters if they ever need a
haven. The characters should take comfort in the fact that in
the solitary, dark world to which they are doomed, they have
found a small haven of light and warmth.

Chapter Six: Welcome to L.A.

Volume 2

Out of the Frying Pan...

City life crushes our spirit. Traffic. Crime. Corruption.
Inhumanity. Rumors and legends abound as we strive to cope
h horror and save what's left of our identities, before

me the monsters that stalk the urban sprawl. But for

some it's too late. The legends are true. The monsters are real.
hey are among us.

Los Angeles

tinited in their fight

domi ion, and L.A.

npite rule, Its a free forall and only the most
will reign — or even survive.

lements Berlin by
apart, these cities ai
from under mort:

powerful und.

Cities of Darkness Volume 2 features:

© One more shot at these rare Vampire supplements
* All the nocturnal duplicity, double-lealing and double
of a divided city made whole again when the Wall
came tumbling down.
* Your tour of the Anarch Movement's crowning
achievement
