# File: Cities of Darkness Volume 3.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Conquered from Within

By John Cooper and Beth Fischi



Here where the wind is always north-north-east
And children learn to walk on frozen toes,
Wonder begets an envy of all those

Who boil elsewhere with such a lyric yeast

Of love that you will hear them at a feast
Where demons would appeal for some repose,
Still clamoring where the chalice overflows

And crying wildest who have drunk the least.

Passion is here a soilure of the wits,
We're told, and Love a cross for them to bear;
Joy shivers in the corner where she knits
And Conscience always has the rocking-chair,
Cheerful as when she tortured into fits
The first cat that was ever killed by Care.
— Edwin Arlington Robinson, "New England"

Credits:
Written by: Jeff Cooper and Elizabeth Fischi
Developed by: Andrew Greenberg
Edited by: Robert Hatch
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout and Typesetting: Sam Chupp

Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Steve Casper, E. Allen
Smith, Robert MacNeill

Front Cover Art: D. Alexander Gregory
Front & Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

Authors' Thanks to:

Laird and Juliette, for the hours of brainstorming
that brought Slane to life. Thanks also to Mike and
Allen, for their helpful advice to two neonates in the biz.

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without written permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Vampire: The
Masquerade, Gothic-Punk, Brujah, Toreador, Nosferatu,
Gangrel, Tremere, Ventrue, Malkavian, Assamite, Follow-
ers of Set, Giovanni, Ravnos, Lasombra, Tzimisce, Sabbat,
Anarch, Camarilla, The Kindred, Neonate, Caitiff, Ancilla,
Methuselah, Antediluvian, Primogen, Elysium, The Tradi-
tions, Progeny, Inconnu, Justicar, Conclave, Arcanum,
Society of Leopold, Book of Nod, The Beast Within,
Diablerie, Gehenna, Party Closers, Ltd., The Jyhad, The
Riddle, and Dark Colony are all trademarks and copyrights
of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks
or copyrights concerned.

Due to the mature themes presented within, reader

discretion is advised.

Special Thanks to:

Sam "Ghost Maker" Chupp, fortakingoverthat Wraith
of a game.

Josh "Anticlimax" Timbrook, for taking the Titans all
the way.

Chris "Pizea Man" McDonough, for keeping the
GenCon hordes happy.

Richard "Suicide Queen" Thomas, for getting the
crazed calls.

Benjamin "Darla" Monk, Jr., for being the cutest little
rascal.

Michelle "Wow" Prahler, for meeting the Chaosium.

Stephan "Our Condolences" Wieck, for tying the big
knot.

Kathleen "Doing the Perimeter" Ryan, for getting such
wonderful directions.

Jim "Double Exposure" Townsend, for giving us a big
view of the Blood Pit.

Word from the
White Wolf Game Studio

Well, as those of you who have seen Mage now

know, the switch is in. First of all, both of the remaining
Storyteller games have had their names changed. Faerie
is now Changeling and Ghost is now Wraith. Second,
they have up and switched their release dates around.
Wraith will be released in the summer of 1994 and
Changeling will be out in the summer of 1995.


Book One: Dark Colony

Chapter One: Introduction

Chapter Two: History 14
Chapter Three: The Triad 28
Chapter Four: The Kindred 38
Book Two: Identity Crisis 64
Chapter One: Strangers in the Night 68
Chapter Two: Retracing the Past 74
Chapter Three: The Ghost of Silverbrook Manor 89

Appendix: Characters 107

Chapter One: Introduction


Who is this? and what is here?

And in the lighted palace near

Died the sound of royal cheer;

And they cross'd themselves for fear
— Lord Alfred Tennyson, "The Lady of Shalott"

ark Colony is a regional sourcebook detailing

the Kindred activities, conflicts and politics

of Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massa-

chusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island. It covers the
massive changes that have struck the area during the past
400 years, and spans American and British history in the
area. Dark Colony first describes New England before the
invasion of British Kindred in 1895. The book then details
the formation of the "Triad" and its British coteries; the new

Revolution; and the appearance of three American resis-
tance groups. Dark Colony also provides information about
the three largest witch covens in New England, the history
of the Sabbat in the area, and the Lupine menace lurking in
northern New Eng!

nd.

The most influential force in the region covered by
Dark Colony is the Triad. This group is composed of three
invading British elders who maintain a tight grip over their
New England "colonies." The forces opposing the Triad are
numerous and individually powerful, but divided and at
odds with one another. These lesser forces include the
Kindred resistance groups, the Sabbat, three witch covens,
and, to a lesser extent, the Lupines, who are themselves

embroiled in a war over territory. Each group has its hands

full dealing with the others and, often, with its own mem-

bers.

On the surface, New England's problems are similar to
those of any other Kindred-controlled area. Elders battle
anarchs, the Sabbat fights the Camarilla and the Lupines
fight everyone. Under the surface, however, lie bitter,
centuries-old hatreds, international conspiracies and layers
of intrigue so deep that even the most knowledgeable
Cainites cannot hope to see the bottom. The Jyhad is
omnipresent, and the actions of New England's Kindred are
felt by Kindred around the world.

How to Use This
Book

This sourcebook provides information that can be used

with the story at the end of the book or as a tool for creating
a new chronicle. In the dark colony of New England, the
American Revolution has begun anew. British vampires
have invaded New England, and American Kindred fight to
keep their cities. The aggression and brutality on both sides
are so intense that clear delineation of good and evil is
virtually impossible.

Dark Colony also provides information for setting a
chronicle in haunted New England. Of all the horror
settings, New England is perhaps the most natural. Its
history of witch hunts and madness, its tales of ghostly

Chapter One: Introduction


possession, its mist-enshrouded hills, and its old, creaking
houses have inspired many authors to weave tales of horror
in its environs.

References

More details about New England can be found in any
library or bookstore. Travel guides for New England and its
individual states, like the ones published by Fodors, are
abundant and provide details to lend richness to any
chronicle. Novels and short stories set in New England are
likewise plentiful.

Fiction

Any H.P. Lovecraft stories, especially "The Dunwich
Horror" and "The Shadow over Innsmouth"

Any of Nathaniel Hawthorne's works, including "Young
Goodman Brown," The House of the Seven Gables and The
Scarlet Letter

Most Stephen King works, especially Pet Semetary and
Salem's Lot

The Witches of Eastwick, John Updike

Moby Dick, Herman Melville

A View to a Kill, lan Fleming (not the movie)

Johnny Tremain, Esther Forbes

Our Town, Thornton Wilder

Movies

The Trouble with Harry (one of Hitchcock's best)

The Lady in White (extremely Gothic)

Beetlejuice (besides being a very fun movie, it shows
some excellent New England architecture)

The Stranger (good view of a small New England town
as well as a chance to see Orson Welles and Edward G.
Robinson together)

The Haunting of Hill House (sets the mood for New
England horror)

Lolita (a good look at New England personalities)

Jaws (a small New England resort town versus a Rokea)

Sweet Liberty (the revolution continues, or you've gotta
fight for your right to write)

Hocus Pocus (an extremely stereotypical view of witch-
craft)

On Golden Pond (an excellent setting for the Sabbat)

Contents

Book One, Chapter One: An introduction to, and
summary of, the rest of the book.

Chapter Two: The history of New England from the
early 1600s through the present. This history begins with
the earliest Kindred in New England, and details the devel-
opment of the Triad, the British invasion, the various
resistance groups that formed asa result of the invasion, and

the roles of the Sabbat, Lupines and mortals. Chapter Two
concludes witha look at the New England Kindred's current
intrigues, and the future plans and goals (both public and
secret) of each member of the Triad.

Chapter Three: The formation of the Triad, its expul-
sion from Europe, its exploits in New England, and the
regional secrets originating from its involvement in the
northeast.

Chapter Four: A list of characters in New England
arranged by clan, including descriptions, histories and Traits.
Chapter Four also contains a collection of coterie charts.

Book Two: A three-chapter story and an epilogue
intended to introduce players to Dark Colony.

Continuity

If the Storyteller wants to use Dark Colony with a
previously established coterie, she needs some way to trans-
fer it to New England. There are several easy ways to do this.
For instance, if reaching Golconda motivates the charac-
ters, have them hear rumors of an Inconnu in Maine who
might be willing to serve as Suspire guide. If money spurs
them on, have a long-lost uncle in Newport, Rhode Island
suddenly die and leave a million dollars in one of the
characters' names. If fame interests them, inform them that
Tanglewood in Ma:
interested in nightly performances of Shakespeare's plays. If

achusetts has job openings for actors

rebirth or diablerie motivates them, provide appropriate
situations that will draw them to New England.

A better way to bring characters to the area is through
the many plots and conspiracies of the dark colony. For
instance, if the characters are anarchs, they may be con-
tacted by the revolutionaries. If they have supported the
elders in the past, a member of the Triad may try to bring
them to the area to fight the revolutionaries. Other con-
spirators have their own reasons for bringing the characters
to New England.

Once the characters arrive, they can begin a new story
or go straight into "Identity Crisis." The hook that origi-
nally brought the characters to New England can act as a
subplot throughout the story.

Theme

Thou art the unanswered question;
Couldst see thy proper eye,
Always it asketh, asketh;
And each answer is a lie.
— Ralph Waldo Emerson, "The Sphinx"
Atwhat price loyalty? The Kindred of New England are
often faced with decisions that demand a show of loyalties;
if, for instance, American Sabbat ask an American Brujah
to join them in battling the British, what should she do?
Should she aid the Sabbat and violate her own humanity, or
sit idly by and watch the British take control of her town?


Should an American Tremere work for his clan's chantry by
aiding the British, work for himself and possibly violate the
clan's trust, or work for his sense of national identity by
opposing the British? The regional atmosphere should draw
these questions to the forefront of the players' minds. The
players should be forced to evaluate both the values in
which their characters believe and the people with whom
they align themselves.

Anadditional theme that runs throughout Dark Colony
is the question: "Who am I?" This ambiguity of identity arises
from the fact that New England has become a political hotspot,
where intrigue, scheming and corruption provoke clashes of
nationalities. When clans are divided both inside and out, a
clear sense of identity, especially for a neonate, is nearly
impossible to achieve. To side with the Americans or the
British, with a character's own clan or another, should not be
easy decisions. There is no black and white in New England.

Mood

Ever love, ever the sobbing liquid of life,
Ever the bandage under the chin, ever the trestles of death
— Walt Whitman, "Song of Myself"

While the overall mood of Dark Colony is one of
confusion, tension and madness, each region differs at least
a little from the next. These variations stem from the
personalities of the Kindred and mortals who inhabit New
England.

In Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, the mood
reflects the conflicts between the Sabbat and Pendragon's

Brujah forces: this area is exciting, contentious, and filled

with peril and unpredictable denizens.

In Boston and Salem, the mood tends toward the
mysterious and eerie; yes, there are British Kindred prowling
the neighborhood, but there are also witches, demons and
spirits lurking nearby.

In Provincetown, the setting is an elegant, coastal
artists' colony, and the mood is idyllic — that is, until the
Ravnos disappear and the Setites come to town.

In Hartford, where political and financial intrigue
betweena prominent Tremere chantry and the city's Ventrue
prince abounds, the atmosphere becomes brooding and
ominous. There is a good deal of poverty in Hartford,
reflecting the financial policies of the extremely powerful
Cainites in the city.

New Haven is controlled by Upton Rowlands, Ventrue
president of the Gemini League. The town seems business-
like, orderly and clean. When seen from its dark underside,
however, the place can be just as impoverished, brooding
and tense as Hartford.

Providence, Rhode Island well reflects the nature of its
prince. Warwick, the Nosferatu director of the Web (an
intricate spy network that stretches across New England), is
tightlipped and enigmatic, as are the inhabitants of Provi-
dence. The mood of the city itself verges on the mysterious
and inscrutable, and any non-Nosferatu Kindred feel a
constant and distinct apprehension, as if they are being
watched (which is probably the case).

All the Kindred-controlled cities in New England
share an unmistakable tension, perhaps of a more intense
sort than anywhere else in the United States. The mortal
population, unconsciously echoing the character of its

ampiric overseers, is inclined to be colder and more dis-
trustful than are kine elsewhere. The mood of individual
cities may differ, but tension covers New England like a net.

New England
Background

Six states — Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut — make up New
England. Except for Vermont, each of these states touches
the Atlantic — Maine has some 3,500 miles of coastal land.
Lakes and forests fill all six states, and the area's striking fall

foliage, harsh winters and rugged beauty are well known.

Older Kindred might remember tales of New England's
colonization almost four centuries ago, when Pilgrims landed
at Plymouth and, over a period of decade
Puritan enclaves throughout New England. Some may
remember Connecticut contributing some 30,000 kine to
Washington's Continental Army during the Revolutionary
War.

Maine

Dirigo
(I direct)
— State motto

spread small

Maine's motto is uncannily appropriate, for rumor has
it that a Methuselah directs Sabbat movement from its
haven there. Rumors abound in Maine, however; the state's
vast interior is also said to contain many fierce Lupine packs.
A few Inconnu are even rumored to dwell high among the
state's frigid peaks. Those Kindred who brave unlife in
Maine inhabit the busy and well-populated coastal strip
from Kittery to Bangor. Between May and September,
Kindred find hunting easiest, for it is then that tourists flock
to Maine's resort areas. During the long, severe winters,
however, existence is not so easy. Most kine stay indoors,
and Cainites who find themselves exposed to the cold may
begin to freeze without even realizing it.

Chapter One: Introduction


: \
é
=
=
2
g
Fy

Connecticut


Vermont

Freedom and Unity

State motto

n ironic motto, for Vermont is one of the }

gland states with the least freedom and unity. Sabbat and

Lupines fight both each other and themselves for control of

the state's resources, and Kindred outsiders who venture
there do not often live to tell of it. Vermont's small, poorly
supported Kindred population clusters around universities
and resort areas. As in Maine, the winters are harsh, starva-

tion-induced frenzies cause problems, and the cities are no

places for neonates. Also, Vermont is a mountainous state,

divided roughly in half by the Green Mountains. The

Lupine population stretches from the virtually uninhabited
northeastern wilderness, called the Northeast Kingdom, to
the southwestern Taconic Mountains.

New Hampshire

Live free or die
— State motto
In New Hampshire, Lupine territory stretches from the
Lakes Region to the northern reaches of the White Moun-
tain National Forest. New Hampshire is less Lupine-infested
than Vermont and Maine, but Kindred would do well to

note that some particularly fierce packs of Native American

Lupines live in the northern White Mountains and do not

Np

take kindly to intruders. Nevertheless, Kindred have wrested

control of the quiet industrial towns along the Merrimac
River. The Lupines blame the industrialization of southern
New Hampshire on vampires, which has given rise to
Lupine raids on Cainite-controlled communities there. The
Cloven Hoof witch coven is located in Manchester.

Massachusetts

By the sword we seek peace, but peace only under liberty

State motto

Bordered by Vermont, New Hampshire, New York,
Connecticut, Rhode Island and the Atlantic, Massachu-
setts is the hub of New England. The portion of the state
between Route 495 and Boston is heavily populated, urban-

ized, and houses the majority of the state's Kindred

population. In contrast, the Berkshire Hills, the Hoosac
Mountain foothills and the Taconic Mountains at the
western end of Massachusetts have fewer inhabitants. Some

of these inhabitants are Lupines. Through the state's center
runs the Connecticut River, where lies the vast, man-mad
Quabbin Reservoir, a haven for Lupines and Gangrel.
There is a body of water in Massachusetts that the
Native American Lupines in the area hold sacred. Known
to the Lupines by its ancient Indian name, Lake
Chargogeagopemanchauggagogechaubunagungamauge
(a.k.a. Webster Lake), this sacred lake on the Connecticut
border is fiercely guarded by Lupines, who believe it to be a
portal into the world of the fey.

Chapter One: Introduction


Connecticut

He who transplanted, still sustains
— State motto

Connecticut's cities are home to many Kindred who
fight their enemies financially rather than physically. Many
Cainite resources have been poured into Connecticut's
suffering industries, including those producing airplane and
helicopter equipment, weapons, nuclear submarines and
fine silver. Itisno accident that the few Lupines who inhabit
Connecticut confine themselves to the forests and farms in
the northwestern corner of the state — areas far from the
Cainite-controlled weapons and silver manufacturing plants
of eastern Connecticut.

The area east of the Connecticut River is embroiled in
Kindred financial bids for power, often leaving whole sec-
tions of cities impoverished, tense, and divided along racial
and class lines. Unlike the northern New England states,
Connecticut has fewer problems with climate. The area is
thus richer in kine and notas dangerously cold in the winter.
Trade is good, too, for boats can easily sail from New York
to Connecticut via Long Island Sound, a fact not lost on
Giovanni businesspersons in the area and anarchs running
from New England princes.

Rhode Island

Hope

ate motto

Although Rhode Island is the smallest state in the
Union, it is one of the most densely populated, with over
150,000 kine inhabiting 1,212 square miles of territory.
Temperatures are mild, thus ensuring good hunting, and
there are few Lupines or witches. Most of the important
cities, industries and centers of government are located
along Narragansett Bay, on the eastern edge of the state.

The Damned

Until the British invasion of 1895, the number of New
England Kindred remained relatively balanced in relation
tothe mortal population. However, with the heavy influx of
Cainites from Europe, the ratio of vampire to kine became
strained. The figures that follow only approximate the
number of Cainites that the mortal population in a given
area can support — there are likely many more Kindred in
New England than these statistics indicate. Note, too, that
Kindred may not inhabit all the listed cities, for various
reasons (Lupines, low local population or distaste for the
location, for example).

Maine
© = Major cities: Portland, Lewiston, Augusta, Bangor
© Vampiric population: 20

Vermont

© Major cities: Burlington, Montpelier, Barre,
Rutland, Brattleboro

© Vampiric population: 9

New Hampshire

© — Majorcities: Concord, Manchester, Nashua, Ports-
mouth

© Vampiric population: 18

Massachusetts

© Major cities: Boston, Worcester, Springfield, New
Bedford

© Vampiric population: 60

Connecticut

© Major cities: Hartford, Waterbury, Stamford,
Bridgeport, New Haven
© Vampiric population: 35

Rhode Island

Providence, Newport

© Major citie
© Vampiric population: 10

Camarilla Power
Structures

By the end of the 18th century, the Camarilla clans in
New England had their hands full holding back the Sabbat.
Even though the Sabbat became divided after the American
Revolution, it remained a thorn in the side of the Camarilla

Its numbers continued to swell, and despite its fragmenta-
tion, it succeeded in controlling most of northern New
England. The Camarilla fought back, and the tide began to
turn during the late 19th century.

When a wave of British Kindred landed in New En-
gland at the end of that century, the American Camarilla
thought it had found powerful new allies against the en-
croaching Sabbat. However, this Triad showed no intention
of aiding its American brethren. What could have been a
decisive rout of the Sabbat menace instead became a cha-
otic struggle between three forces: the Sabbat, the American
Camarilla, and the newly arrived British vampires, who
gave no more than lip service to the Camarilla Traditions.
Today, the balance of power in New England is divided
precariously among these three adversaries. The future of
the region and the sanctity of the Masquerade are in serious
jeopardy.

It is widely known that an English elder named
Pendragon leads British forces in northern New England.
Neither he nor his primarily Brujah following make
of his intentions to rule the entire region, and this has led

asecret

12 Dark Colony

the American Sabbat (who have dubbed themselves the
Crimson Tide) to fight Pendragon for control of Maine,

New Hampshire and Vermont.

It is also common knowledge that Massachusetts has
recently fallen under the control of British Malkavians.
Because of this, most American Kindred suspect that
Pendragon has received some help from these Malkavians,
but few or none at all know who in turn controls the
Malkavians. American Kindred are also well aware of the
existence of the Web, a Nosferatu spy network extending
six states. The Web's base of
operations is rumored to be located somewhere in southern
New England.

throughout New England's

The American members of the Camarilla consist of two
underground resistance groups: the Kindred of Liberty and
the Gemini League. The Kindred of Liberty, operating out
of Massachusetts, is somewhat more organized than the

American Sabbat. Led by a council with representatives
from each of the clans, the KOL goads the state's American
anarchs to oppose the American Malkavian prince of Bos-
ton, Quentin King, whom many suspect to be the pawn of
British Malkavian forces.

The Gemini League, located in New Haven, Connecti-
cut, is composed primarily of Ventrue and Tremere. These
Kindred also head the Council, a socio-political-economic
body that opposes the Web.

While Pendragon's forces and the Crimson Tide vie
‘ northern

frequently, bitterly and openly over the rights
New England, the KOL is less open about its contentious-
ness. The KOL attempts to sabotage its traitorous American
prince's plans. The Gemini League is probably the least
effective of the three American groups. It generally at-
tempts to subvert the Web, but typically succeeds only in
harming itself

Chapter One: Introduction


~ Chapter Two:.

"~

History

When they tum the pages of history

When these days have passed long ago

Will they read of us with sadness

For the seeds that we

let grow?

— Rush, "Farewell to Kings"

he history of the Kindred in New England is a
turbulent and violent one. Control of the re-
gion has changed hands a number of times,
ultimately | ces. It

is ironic that Kindred control is so weak in a region where

ving the Sabbat dominant in many pla

Kindred presence has been so pervasive.

The earliest appearance of vampires in New England
predates the colonial period, and even Samuel de Champlain's
visit in 1605. Before that, the only outposts of European
civilization were in French Canada. From this region came the
earliest vampires known to have moved through New En-
gland. Some of the Damned, fleeing a Europe still twitching
from the throes of the Inquisition, found new havens in the

New World.

Old New England

Early in the 16th century, a Gangrel Methuselah and
her three progeny wandered south from Montreal and
encountered the various Algonquian Indian tribes: the

Nipmuck, Massachusett, Wampanoag, Narragansett,
Mohegan, Pequot and others. During the 30 years the brood
spent wandering through the region, two new Gangrel were

created. One was a prominent medicine man of the
disappeared less than a year after his Becoming. This cre-
ation sowed the seed for Native American Kindred in New
England. Asis characteristic of the Gangrel, however, these
vampires did not establish any kind of organization. These
Gangrel, while evidently not active in New England today,
were the land's earliest undead inhabitants.

The Salem Witch Hunts

The first European vampires to associate themselves

with New England were the Tremere and the Ventrue.
E
the Winchester Chantry in England sent an elder named
Madeline Coventry to the newly established Massachusetts

pand Tremere influence into the New World,

ger to ey

Bay Colony in an effort to stake a claim. Coventry arrived
in the Boston area in 1635, but she found the colony's
population too small to support even one other vampire
adequately. Thus she operated alone, cultivating her herd
and waiting for the right time to establish a meaningful
Tremere presence. During that time, Ventrue agents in
service to the Prince of London relentlessly pursued her,
eventually forcing her into hiding

Chapter Two:


Madeline fled to Salem. Here, in an effort to collect
pawns among the kine, she protected a number of mortals
who had an interest in witchcraft. Unfortunately for the
Tremere, Ventrue intercession routed the coven in Salem
and kept Coventry from gaining any real ground. For the
next 40 years, Coventry struggled to maintain control of the
bitterly divided remnants of the original coven. Eventually
the infighting kgcame so fierce that she was forced to take
direct action and Embrace its leaders.

In all, Coventry Embraced six men and women. She
taught them Thaumaturgy, and they revealed some of the
group's deepest secrets to her, including the existence of the
Ur Codex and its important role in their rituals.

By 1692, when the celebrated witch trials in Salem
took place, Coventry had built a chantry strong enough to
withstand the loss of a few mortal pawns. The overzealous
Ventrue who orchestrated the whole affair regarded the
trials as decisive victories. Subjugation of the New England
colonies was reported back to London as a resounding
success, even in the face of constant harassment by coven
agents from Salem. Coventry bided her time.

The Ventrue also scored seeming success against the
area's Brujah, driving most of them into the wilderness of
northern New England or to Rhode Island. The few Brujah
who stayed tended to be intellectuals instead of revolution-
aries, and the area seemed safely in the hands of the Ventrue
elders.

The Revolution

The early 1700s marked a period of growing tension

between the Boston Ventrue and the numerous Brujah who
began appearing throughout New England. These Brujah
sought to escape an influx of Sabbat in their own areas, and
found the more populated Massachusetts to their liking.

Coventry realized that these Brujah were the key to
toppling the Ventrue dominance of Boston, so she made an
uneasy alliance with them. It was not until some years later
that she learned that a number of the vampires she had
believed to be Brujah were also members of the Sabbat.

The American War for Independence reflected the
struggle between the rebellious Brujah and the dominant
Ventrue. Coventry, as yet unaware of the deep Sabbat
involvement in the rebellion, lent secret support to the
Brujah, a move that threatened to tip the scales in favor of
the colonists.

The Ventrue responded by calling on their German
Kindred for assistance. Hessian soldiers were added to the
British Army contingent, and subjugation of the colonies
seemed almost assured. However, the Brujah persuaded
French Malkavians and Toreador, along with a few Native
American Gangrel, to join the foray. The tide of battle
began to shift inexorably against the Ventrue. Finally, in
1783, the combined forces of the allied Brujah, Malkavian
and Gangrel factions wrested Boston from the hands of the
Ventrue.


wer vacuum created by the overthrow of the
Ventrue initiated a power struggle between the Salem
Tremere and a band of Sabbat from Maine. This Sabbat
band was known as the Sprenger Brood after its founder and
leader. Sprenger himself repeatedly threatened to kill Cov-
entry personally if she did not stay out of his way, but she
ignored his threats. Fighting between the two groups con-
tinued for over a year. When Sprenger mysteriously
disappeared, Coventry was accused of slaying and commit-
ting diablerie upon him, but nothing was ever proved.

Even with Sprenger gone, Coventry still had problems.
Over a period of several years, her chantry began to fall
apart, largely because of infighting between her two appren-
tices. Coventry virtually ignored this internal power struggle,
instead focusing her energies on staving off the rabid Sabbat
and trying to control the unpredictable Malkavians.

The Rise and Fall of the Tremere

In 1795, the Winchester Chantry sent Baladin, a
vicious and ambitious elder, to discover what had become of
Coventry and salvage what he could of her efforts. When
Baladin arrived, he was astonished to find the Sabbat swarm
that was passing itself off as a poorly organized Brujah
fellowship. He confronted Coventry and made it clear that
he was taking charge. Coventry, outraged that Winchester
would send someone to replace her, refused to concede to
Baladin. The battle that followed was brutal even by Tremere
standards and violated the Masquerade in spectacular fash-
ion. Coventry was eventually defeated. She fled to Salem
and fell into torpor for more than a year.

Baladin took to his task at once and sent a message to
his superiors, one detailing the battle with Coventry and the
Sabbat threat. Winchester responded in the form of three
Apprentices of the Fifth Circle, who became the chantry's
topmost tier under Baladin's Regency. They brought with
them a mandate to have Coventry apprehended and sent to
Winchester for "reassignment." The order made it clear that
if Coventry were not returned alive, Baladin would be held
personally responsible.

While Baladin did not take the order lightly, neither
did he act upon it with any great haste. Building his own
power base was his first priority. The relatively small popu-
lation of Boston in the 1790s (approximately 400,000
mortals) placed severe limits on Baladin's ambitious plan to
have at least one Apprentice of each Circle by the turn of
the century. Nonetheless, he did all he could to produce
progeny as quickly as possible.

Meanwhile, Coventry lay in torpor in Salem, recover-
ing from her defeat at Baladin's hands. More than a year
after the battle, she awoke and spent six straight days
feeding indiscriminately, causing a panic to grip the small
community. In the witch hunt that followed, a school-
teacher was executed for allegedly seducing five men and
then killing and serving them as lunch to the schoolchil-
dren.

Coventry was still recovering when she learned of
England's demand for her return. She had no intention of
returning to England, and she knew her only chance for
survival was to start a new chantry and make it as strong as
possible. She also knew that Baladin would be given sanc-
tion to seek her out and destroy her, and so her second
priority was the undermining of the Boston Chantry. Coven-
try formed a new chantry and began her campaign against
Baladin.

The war between Coventry and Baladin continued for
30 years with little to show for it save the Final Deaths of
numerous Tremere from both chantries. Coventry was
perpetually thwarting attacks from the Sabbat as well, and
she found it increasingly difficult to distinguish Baladin's
attacks from those of the Black Hand.

Baladin had his own problems with the Sabbat, and he
also had trouble maintaining control while fighting a two-
front war. Asa result, he paid little attention to the Boston
Malkavians except to draft them into forays against the
Sabbat. When Baladin was discovered dead in his chantry
library, it was assumed by most that Coventry was respon-
sible.

However, the sudden appearance ofa Malkavian prince
in Baladin's place forced many to reevaluate the events of
the previous 50 years. Rumors of a Malkavian/Sabbat col-
laboration combined with speculation over a possible
Tremere power play from Salem to produce a number of
popular conspiracy theories, none of which were ever con-
firmed.

On the other side of the Atlantic, the Winchester
Tremere could not keep news of the fall of the Boston
Chantry — and its most likely cause — from reaching
Vienna, and their failure to capture Coventry was a con-
tinuing source of embarrassment. After centuries of enigmatic
silence and apparent indifference toward the British Tremere,
Vienna sent word to Winchester that it would take care of
Coventry. In 1831, Coventry disappeared under mysterious
circumstances and the Salem Chantry was overrun by the
Sabbat. Remnants of the two chantries fled south into
Connecticut and established the Hartford Chantry, the seat
of Tremere power in New England today.

The Wingate Initiative

While most New England Brujah viewed the American
Civil War as nothing but Ventrue squabbling gone out of
control, many flocked south to participate in the violence
and drink deeply upon battle-fallen kine. The Ventrue also
took the opportunity to seize Rhode Island from the Brujah,
but this was a minor event compared to the main conflict in
New England.

After the Civil War, the swift migration of Sabbat
packs through central New England brought chaos to the
area as the various gangs strove to disrupt what little
regional cohesiveness existed. In response to what appeared
to be a mass Sabbat assault, the Camarilla held a conclave


in Newport, Rhode Island to discuss the establishment of
the Wingate Initiative. This proposal, if accepted, would
create a region-wide primogen and thus unite the Camarilla
against the Sabbat threat pouring in from the north and
west.

The conclave lasted seven nights, and representatives
came from as far away as Mexico and California. As with
many such gatherings, it nearly dissolved after three nights
of incessant bickering: in this case, between the Tremere of

Connecticut and the Ventrue. Only the timely interven-
tion of a Toreador Justicar and the surprising appearance of
a local Nosferatu brood saved the meeting. It was here that
the large number of Nosferatu in New England was first

discovered. Their existence had previously been regarded as

mythical, foruntil then no Kindred had everseen more than
one in the region. Endless speculation and debate over the
Nosferatu's possible participation in past events threatened
to distract the conclave from its original purpose.

After four more nights of heated discussion, a region-
encompassing primogen called the Congress was established.
Its members were drawn from the most prominent elders
from each clan. Most younger vampires left dissatisfied and
angry, buta pathetic attempt at holding an anarch conclave
to create a similar organization ended in disaster.

The next 30 years sawa remarkable increase in both the
Kindred and kine populations throughout New England.
The Sabbat solidified control of New York City to the south
and Maine to the north, and threatened to overrun New
Hampshire and M: husetts. While the Congress tried to
orchestrate regionwide matters, local princes were usually
Jolt Ca Chor awn dowiou ayuinut the Sabbar

During thiy period, the Poreador, whe bad her

rarely been involved in New England's politics, began to
trickle into the area through Rhode Island, Cape Cod and
the islands, establishing artist colonies and throwing grand
parties.

The Nosferatu slid back into obscurity, withdrawing
from the Congress when the practical limits of that august
organization became clear.

By contrast, vampires from Clan Brujah made their
presence known throughout New England. This was espe-
cially true in New Hampshire, where the Sabbat constantly
threatened either to absorb them or to destroy them.

Boston remained the heart of Malkavian power in New
England, but Sabbat raids penetrated deeper and deeper
into the city. Yet another internal struggle to determine
who should be Regent overtook the Hartford Tremere, but
the matter was swiftly decided by a Tremere archon from
Vienna, who seemed to exhibit an inordinate interest in
New England affairs. The Gangrel, continuing the role they
had played for the last two centuries, kept the Lupines and
Sabbat at one another's throats in order to distract them

from Kindred interests.

Then, in 1895, the face of New England changed
dramatically. The region was invaded by British Kindred led
by three powerful elders collectively calling themselves the
Triad. The combined forces of the Nosferatu elder Warwick,
the Malkavian elder Biltmore and the Brujah elder
Pendragon conquered New England.

Invasion/
Recolonization

Warwick

The greatest conqueror is he who overcomes the enemy
without a blow
— Chinese proverb

Warwick's infiltration of southern New England was
the first stage in the invasion strategy codenamed Opera-
tion Longbow. His goal was the complete subjugation of
Rhode Island and Connecticut; his initial target was Provi-
dence. Warwick established the Web there, operating from
what would become the Nosferatu underground kingdom.
Warwick gathered the Nosferatu elders of New England and
explained his plans to them, offering them protection and
power in exchange for their aid.

Following the lead of Prudence Stone (see Clanbook:
Nosferatu), most were eager to follow him. Some objected to
the proposition and refused to take part. Rather than risk
the wrath of the entire community, Warwick allowed them
togo their own way, but kept aclose eye on them atall times.

Warwick and his British brood trained the American

Nooleraru tithe fine anol aubreriaye ant eyplonage. Thone
Kindred with the right information could decide the desti-
nies of princes, and the Nosferatu were the supreme masters
of information gathering and its effective application.
Warwick even went so far as to claim that Caine gave the
clan mastery over the Obfuscate Discipline so it would be
better equipped to monitor and control the other clans.

The Web's first task was to take control of Rhode
Island's underground sewer network. Warwick created a
living metropolis under the streets of Rhode Island and
became its undisputed overlord. In 1895, Warwick laid the
foundation for Biltmore's success by initiating the building
of an underground railway system in Boston.

In 1900, after five years of meticulous preparation,
Warwick made his bid for power during a monthly meeting
of the Providence Primogen. The first sign of trouble was the
loss of natural gas throughout the city. The second sign of
trouble came in the form of a thick mist that permeated the
entire city and rendered the Protean Discipline Gleam of
Red Eyes useless, a feat that Warwick has never fully
explained to any of his followers. The final stroke came only
moments later, when the entire Providence Primogen dis-
appeared without a trace.


Chaos reigned for four nights as more of Providence's
Kindred elite were dragged underground and never seen
again. Warwick's coup was decisive, and very little news of
it escaped the city. Terror seized the Kindred community as
word began to spread that some Infernal power had moved
inand taken over. Warwick did nothing to dispel the notion
that the area was under the influence of supernatural forces
beyond the Kindred's ability to handle.

One of Warwick's most controversial strategic moves
was the targeting of mortals in an attempt to terrorize and
destroy Ventrue opposition. He studied the feeding habits
of the Ventrue prince in Providence, determined her prey
exclusion, and then systematically destroyed vessels fitting
that description. This put a strain on the prince's entire
brood, because her childer were raised with the same prey
exclusion as their sire. The few other Kindred who might
have resisted his control of the state also disappeared in the
mists of the night, and soon all of Rhode Island fell.

Warwick opened up channels of communication with
the Kindred of Connecticut and Massachusetts through the
Web. It is unclear to most vampires in New England
whether the Web represents the central power in control of
Rhode Island or is a separate entity altogether. Neverthe-
less, Warwick has found no shortage of customers for his
services.

The Web

Topen my scuttle at night and see the far-sprinkled systems,

And all I see multiplied as high as I can cipher edge but the

rim of the farther systems

— Walt Whitman, "Song of Myself"

The Web is Warwick's name for his information-
gathering network. Web agents are thoroughly trained in
Obfuscate and more mundane skills such as surveillance and
shadowing. All field agents have at least three levels of
Obfuscate, while Veins (special agents) must have at least
four. Agents are expected to abort a mission or abandon a
stakeout if they are in danger of being exposed or revealed.

In the center of the Web is Warwick himself, operating
from his Providence headquarters, known as the Lair. From
the Lair, the Web branches out across New England in four
Strands. These Strands cover very large regions, sometimes
all or part of a state. They are directed by Strand Masters,
powerful Nosferatu handpicked by Warwick himself. Each
Strand further subdivides into Districts, which generally
cover a city or county. District Overseers are usually nomi-
nated by Strand Masters and approved by Warwick-run
Districts. Each Overseer in turn commands a number of
operatives who gather and dispatch information through-
out the District. Veins are deep infiltration agents whom
Warwick sends on highly dangerous or highly sensitive
missions.

In New England, there is a Vermont Strand covering
Vermont and western Massachusetts; a Maine Strand cov-
ering Maine, New Hampshire and eastern Massachusetts; a

Chapter Two:


Connecticut Strand covering Connecticut and western
Rhode Island; and a Home Strand covering the rest of
Rhode Island as well as Boston, Cape Cod and the Islands.
Each Strand contains Districts covering the major cities
within its scope of operations. All told, the Web consists of
about a dozen Nosferatu spread throughout New England,
but more are always needed. Warwick allows his Strand
Masters to create progeny when needed (within limits) and
has told his agents to be on the lookout for neonates who
could be recruited.

Biltmore

When Biltmore arrived in Boston in 1895, the city's
Malkavian prince was locked in a brutal struggle for control
against Sabbat forces. The prince, Quentin King, wason the
brink of losing his domain when Biltmore arrived and
offered aid. King quickly agreed and has regretted it ever
since. Now he depends on Biltmore and his British "Redcoats"
for protection against the Sabbat throngs who circle closer
every night.

Battista Decamerone — a Gangrel leader who saw the

Redcoats as nothing more than common soldiers — coined

the term "Redcoat" during a conclave of the Kindred of
Liberty. Since then, the term has been widely used by
American Kindred to describe the British enforcers who
have patrolled, raided and generally harassed them since
1895. Biltmore insisted that his Redcoats protect (i.e.,

police) each of the six cities controlled by King's "knights,
and he moved one Lieutenant and two or three Dogs into
each city

Biltmore calls the shots, but does not do so in any
official capacity and remains shrouded in anonymity. In
fact, the other Kindred of Boston still think the prince is in
find it strange and frustrating that he
allows the Redcoats such free rein. Unfortunately, he has

control, and the

little choice.

Pendragon
Violence is as American as cherry pie
— H. Rap Brown

In November of 1895, Pendragon began a bloody
campaign that destroyed or drove out 90 percent of all
American Kindred in New Hampshire. Using ghouls who
followed vampires back to their havens as sunrise ap-
proached, Pendragon hunted down the indigenous Kindred
and burned them in their havens. What appeared to the
mortal population to be a wave of arson was actually a
systematic search-and-destroy operation.

The area's Kindred had no way of knowing what was
going on, and many fled the area. Of the 10 percent who
stayed, the vast majority were Sabbat who recognized
Pendragon's rampage for what it was. These Sabbat formed
the Crimson Tide, the most organized and vicious resis-

tance against Operation Longbow, and even managed to
repel Pendragon's early bid for Vermont. Still, the deter-


mined efforts of a small band of fanatics were not enough to
stop Pendragon's onslaught. In April of 1896, he declared
himself Prince of Concord and instituted an oppressive
tyranny many times worse than that of his two compatriots.

Pendragon had an uncanny ability to anticipate his
enemies' moves and always retaliated unmercifully. When
four Sabbat neonates from Vermont tried to assassinate
Sirque, his lieutenant, Pendragon responded by having his
ghouls salt every major cemetery in New Hampshire, trap-
ping a number of Mowgli's Gangrel Sabbat in their havens
and driving others back to Vermont. He also instituted a
number of laws, one of which was a prohibition against
creating ghouls. Any ghoul whose creation he did not

approve was immediately exterminated. A traditional source
of security was eliminated in one fell swoop.

Kindred Reaction

The Kindred world outside of New England is ex-
tremely interested in what has happened within the region
during the last century. The Camarilla seeks to restore some
semblance of order to New England, but finds making
significant progress extremely difficult. There are four rea-

sons for this.

First, while the Camarilla tries to appear united in
purpose, in truth, most of its members have private agendas
and conflicting objectives. This is particularly true with
regard to New England. Commitment from more than one
or two princes in nearby states has been difficult to obtain,
and piecemeal attempts to regain control have all ended in
disaster.

Second, the Sabbat in New England grows stronger
every night, while the Camarilla grows weaker. Constant
fighting with the Triad's forces hones the armies of the
Black Hand to razor sharpness and provides an ever-increas-
ing justification for their actions, while the Camarilla's

diplomatic approach to the matter produces little progress.
For the Camarilla, dealing with the Triad is made all the
more difficult by Sabbat interference at every turn. Indeed,
Camarilla leaders seem eager to ignore the Triad's evil in
exchange for the group's aid against the Sabbat.

Third, it is unclear who represents the actual threat to
New England — the Triad or the Sabbat. The only obvious
threat is Pendragon, who charged in and brutally slew every
Kindred he could find. While Massachusetts seems to suffer
from a strong British influence, hostilities are not as brutal
or as openly committed. Quentin King is still prince in
Boston, and his brood still controls most of eastern Massa-
chusetts, even though British Malkavians appear to engulf
them. King contends that the only reason the Sabbat does
not control Massachusetts today is because the British
stepped in and offered their assistance.

The situation in Rhode Island, on the other hand, is
much more difficult for Camarilla envoys to assess. Ever
since the disappearance of the Rhode Island Ventrue, no
one has come forth to claim princehood in any of the cities.

The Zurich Accords

The three members of the Triad instituted a num-
ber of strictures designed to keep each informed of the
progress of the others. The Zurich Accords established
the following requirements:

¢ Each member of the Triad (called a Lord) must
host one Ambassador from each of the other two Lords.
Both Ambassadors are to be present at all clan meetings
that the Lord holds, and no significant plans may be
formed without their knowledge. Because the contin-
ued success of Operation Longbow requires that each
Lord be aware of the planned activities (and their
outcomes) of the others, it is essential that Ambassadors
remain well informed atall times. Ambassadors are to be
treated as respectfully as the Lord they represent, and
any mistreatment of an Ambassador is considered a
violation of these Accords.

¢ Each Lord shall uphold the First and Second
Traditions by recognizing the recolonization boundaries
agreed to by all. No Lord shall enter the domain of
another without the express consent of that Lord. No
progeny, ghoul or other mortal or Kindred agent shall
enter the domain of another Lord without the express
consent of that Lord.

© Each Lord agrees to lend aid in a timely manner
to any other Lord who requests it, and any requesting
Lord must request aid from both of the other Lords in
order to receive any assistance at all. All Lords must
agree that assistance of the magnitude requested is
reasonable and addresses a sufficient need.

* No alliances may be formed with Lupines with-
out the mutual consent of all Lords.

© No alliances of any kind may be formed with
members of the Sabbat.

* Alliances may be made with indigenous Kindred
so long as such alliances do not threaten the Triad or its
goals. If at any time such an alliance threatens the
success of Operation Longbow, all non-Triad members
of that alliance must be destroyed or Blood Bound
immediately.

© No vampire may be admitted into the ranks of
the Triad without the consent of all Lords. Progeny may
be created in order to assist in the recolonization effort,
but no vampire shall be elevated to the status of Lord
without unanimous consent of all present Lords.

¢ All Traditions of the Camarilla must be observed
between Lords, and all but the First and Second Tradi-
tions must be observed when dealing with indigenous
vampires.

* Violation of any of these Accords will result in
immediate expulsion from the Triad and revocation of
the privileges of Lordship. All domain lands will be
divided between the remaining members of the Triad.

Chapter Two:


Se
"nel

th

0:0

SMA

SS
>

Many vampires who enter the area never return. With the
abandonment of local Elysiums, Rhode Island Kindred have
been hard to find, and Camarilla officials are not sure how
to organize the scattered survivors. Of the four princes sent
by Camarilla elders to assume control of cities such as
Providence and New Haven, three disappeared shortly
upon arrival. However, the fourth, a Nosferatu named
Elijah, appears to have established a working domain in
Rhode Island. He represents the only inroad gained into
southern New England.

Finally, toall appearances the members of the Triad are
also members of the Camarilla and, at least on the surface,
carry out its wishes. Warwick and Biltmore occasionally
show up at conclaves, and have never been caught breaking
any of the Traditions. Without definite proof of wrongdo-
ing, the Camarilla will never be able to take action

Debates within the Camarilla still rage over how best to
deal with the situation. For the most part, however, debate
is all that has resulted from these conclaves. Moreover,
Ventrue domination of these gatherings threatens to mire
future proceedings in bogs of endless rhetoric. Rumor has it
that Clan Brujah has dispatched an archon to assess the
situation and recommend a course of action. So far, no such
agent has been seen in New England.

The Resistance

Resistance — Through the din, one voice we should hear

Resistance — Listen to the call of the wild

There's no easy solution

The price is hi
— Queensryche, "Resistance"

gh, and it's time to pay.

The most active aggressors against the Triad are the
scattered groups of Kindred that have banded together in
various parts of New England. These groups are collectively
referred toas the Resistance. While the Resistance have yet
to attain a significant victory, the British severely underes-
timate their numbers and unwisely regard their leadership as

simply "peasants leading peasants." Each of the three do-

mains has one major center of organized resistance.

The Gemini League

The Ventrue of Connecticut have formed a coherent
but weak organization called the Gemini League (named
after the men's club where the organization was formed, the
Gemini Club). Led by the Ventrue Prince of New Haven
and Hartford, and aided by the Tremere chantry in Hart-
ford, this group works hard to convince other vampires that
use of the Web is a dangerous and self-destructive practice
and that those who regularly depend on it are falling under
the sway of some diabolical power.

While there is little dissension within the ranks of the
Connecticut Ventrue and Tremere on this is

ue, most
vampires outside Connecticut view the Gemini League asa
bunch of paranoid weaklings, a telling sign of Warwick's

Dark Colony


influence on Kindred attitudes throughout New England.
Because the Gemini League is a weak resistance group and
easily manipulated, it is not a large threat to the Triad, but
the emergence of this group — dedicated to the dissolution
of the Web — has Warwick concerned.

Those scattered Ventrue outside Connecticut not
aligned with the Gemini League are suspicious of its mem-
bers and, ironically, have come to rely on Warwick's services
tokeep tabs on them. While the League is weak, its members
are not inept; increasing pressure from them threatens to
earn more converts, and Warwick has his hands full trying
to keep control over the situation.

The Kindred of Liberty

In Massachusetts, Biltmore smugly gloats over what
appears to be a most effective subjugation of his subjects.
What he doesn't realize, however, is that a great many
American Kindred in Boston are members of the Kindred of
Liberty. Named after the Sons of Liberty, Bostonians who
secretly fought a war of espionage against the British during
the War for Independence, the Kindred of Liberty quietly
scheme against him every day —so quietly, in fact, that the
Triad is entirely unaware of the alarming size of this group.

The Kindred of Liberty are well led and completely
devoted to the cause of freedom. Unfortunately, they are
also so numerous that it has become impossible for them to
remain completely united on all issues; small factions within
the organization have formed, often along clan lines. The
most notable of these factions is Clan Brujah, which fre-
quently supports the numerous anarch street gangs in an
effort to strike against Biltmore in a manner more to its
liking (ice., violently).

The anarchs are even more fractious than the Kindred
of Liberty, and have been known to abandon mi:
order to chase after rival gangs that happen to wander by.
This has greatly reduced the threat presented by the Brujah
faction, but has not really jeopardized the overall resistance
effort.

The Crimson Tide

In New Hampshire, Pendragon finds himself in con-
stant struggle against the Crimson Tide, a vicious, brutal
organization of highly motivated Sabbat whose methods
and tactics reflect Pendragon's own. Terrorism, assassina-
tion and espionage are the ways of these two adversaries, a
ithas even been suggested thata former officer in Pendragon's
ranks either leads or consults with the Crimson Tide. The
veracity of this is impossible to ascertain, for the existence
of sympathetic British nationals who are known to be
involved with Crimson Tide activities further muddies the
water.

ions in

Pendragon has been strangely silent on the matter. If it
is true that one of his former lieutenants holds a position of
importance in the Crimson Tide, chances are that he is
keeping ita secret, either because it would be too damaging

to his regime were it to become public knowledge, or
because it is all part of some nefarious plot to plant an agent
high in the Crimson Tide ranks and destroy it from within.

The possibility of a British double agent has not ham-
pered the Crimson Tide's activities or solidarity, but it has
become extremely difficult to join. Fanaticism, and a pro-
clivity for violence and destruction, are highly recommended
to anyone wishing to join. Of course, the Tide's initiation
ritual is extremely unpleasant ...

The Lupines

For the strength of the Pack is in the Wolf, and the strength
of the Wolf is in the Pack.

— Rudyard Kipling, The Jungle Book

No one has ever conclusively determined the exact
origin of New England's Lupines. Some Kindred believe
that most of the earliest Lupines in the region evolved from
Native American medicine men who learned the secret of
shapechanging and then eventually lost control of the Beast
within themselves. Many of these former holy men then
dragged others from their tribe into their personal night-
mare, forming packs and preying upon their enemies. Among
the Gangrel who actually associate with werewolves, how-
ever, it is well known that only a fraction of the local
Lupines are of Native American ancestry.

In the early 15th century, Canadian Lupines from the
Wendigo tribe began settling in the rich forest land of
northern New England. Animosity between these northern
Lupines and the native Uktena already inhabiting the
region grew heated, and war broke out almost from the start.
The war came to an abrupt end with the appearance of the
European tribes, and for 200 years the Native American
tribes battled Silver Fangs, Get of Fenris and Shadow Lords
for control of the region.

While the werewolves fought, however, the cities grew.
Now the Lupines have been pushed to the farthest reaches
of the region. The Silver Fangs control the Green Moun-
tains of Vermont while other tribes are scattered throughout
Maine, New Hampshire and rural Massachusetts.

Rumor has it that Black Spiral Dancers (the Lupine
equivalents to Sabbat) aided the Sabbat Gangrel Mowgli at
the battle of Bloods Brook, contributing to Pendragon's loss
there. Oflate, some Kindred, primarily Gangrel and Tremere
elders who study Lupines, claim to have seen slowly increas-
ing numbers of these freakish werewolves in northern New
England. Skeptics suspect that this rumor is intended to
rekindle misgivings between Lupines and vampires for pur-
poses known only to these anonymous elders. Other vampires
claim that they have seen Black Spiral Dancers impressing
werewolves from other Lupine tribes into their own.

Even worse, some Kindred speculate that allegiances
are forming between scattered groups of the Sabbat and the
Dancers, and that these united groups are very gradually
infiltrating both the wilderness and the cities. Most city


Kindred, having neither seen a werewolf nor heard the term
"Black Spiral Dancer," are unaware of the rumored danger
and are unlikely to become aware of it.

There are far fewer Lupines in eastern Massachusetts,
but farther west they are relatively numerous. Biltmore has
had little trouble with Lupines, as he has yet to reach beyond
Worcester, but packs are waiting for him should he make
any serious moves west. Warwick has also largely avoided
encounters with werewolves in Rhode Island, mostly be-
cause his network does not bother to watch the woodlands.
This apparent lack of interest in the local Lupine population
is one of Warwick's few mistakes.

The Sabbat

Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
— Red Sanders

The Sabbat encroachment into New England started
in Maine and has been moving steadily south since the mid-
1600s. In 1656, French Brujah from Québec joined a new
sect, the Sabbat, that fought the Camarilla and its stifling
ways. They began to move south, expanding their territory,
taking over Maine, and spreading throughout New Hamp-
shire and Vermont. When the American Revolution broke
out, many joined the fighting that eventually repelled the
British Ventrue.

The Sabbat saw the opportunity to establish a new
country completely under its power, and it fully expected
that the American Kindred who had allied with it against
the Ventrue would be eager to join the sect permanently.
The Sabbat was surprised and outraged to find that, despite
all the hostilities felt toward the British Ventrue, these
American Kindred were still Camarilla at heart.

Unrelenting conflict between the two sects continued
for the next century, with neither side able to take the upper
hand for longer than a few years. This situation might have
continued to the present day had it not been for the
recolonization.

When Pendragon arrived in New Hampshire, the Sabbat
found itself under the most savage, relentless attack it had
ever encountered. Already weakened by internal dissent
and the Sabbat Civil War, the sect was caught completely
off guard. Pendragon attacked with blitzkrieg intensity and
ruthlessness. It took the combined might of packs from
Maine and Vermont, with the serendipitous assistance of
local Lupines, to prevent Pendragon from taking Vermont
in similar fashion.

Likewise, the Sabbat in Massachusetts (who had nearly
completed the conquest of Boston) suffered a tremendous
setback when Biltmore arrived. Now the sect must scheme
and plot its way past its new adversaries, the British Kindred,
in order to claim Boston.

Connecticut and Rhode Island were spared throughout
the Sabbat-Camarilla war until the American Civil War
began. The Sabbat made inroads, but when Warwick ar-

rived on the scene, all the sect's agents vanished. The
Sabbat are just as alarmed as the Camarilla about what has
happened in Rhode Island, and the sect has been forced to
step back and reevaluate its strategy.

Mortals

Organized Religion

Despite their somewhat infamous past, organized reli-
gions in New England long ago abandoned superstitious
ways and have made every effort to remove any trace of
pagan beliefs from their dogma. As such, there are few clergy
in New England who believe in the existence of vampires.
The Church's rational approach may sound more like the
philosophy of atheistic scientists, but the New England
Church has an ugly past to bury and cannot afford any
embarrassing devotion to outdated superstitions.

Thus, as ironic as it might sound, New England Kindred
have little to fear from the Church
the Church does have its share of fanatics who insist that

a whole. Nonetheless,

vampires, werewolves and ghosts really do exist and that the
world is in mortal danger every day.

The Mafia

While the British Kindred were well versed in what
passed for organized crime in their own small country,
nothing could have prepared the Triad for the families that
hada stranglehold on the American underworld. The Triad
had to learn many painful lessons on gaining influence with
the Mafia. In one instance, the Kindred even had to turn the
son of Mafioso Charles "King" Solomon into a ghoul to
preserve the Masquerade. Instead of gaining a powerful ally
in the underworld, however, the Triad gained a potentially
powerful enemy when the young man disappeared shortly
after receiving blood. Some believe he fled to New York,
was Embraced by the Sabbat, and created
to rule the New York underworld, while others believe he is
now a puppet of the Giovanni clan.

The Arcanum

The Boston chapter of the Arcanum has been con-
sumed with studying the occult history of New England, and
witchcraft in particular. So little attention has been paid to
the scant evidence pointing to the existence of the Kindred
that the edict of noninterference has never been chal-
lenged. The Arcanum's time and effort seem largely focused
on determining the link between the witchcraft of the early
Massachusetts Bay Colony and the shamanistic magic of
Native Americans from that period. The more prominent
witch covens still operating today scoff at the Arcanum.

Witches

Nowhere else in America is Kindred control over the
mortal world so hotly contested as in New England. Any
given institution is as likely to be controlled by a witch

a brood of progeny

24 Dark Colony


coven as by a Cainite, and this more than anything makes
it difficult for the Damned to dominate their environment
in the manner to which they are accustomed.

One reason for this is that witches have been dominat-
ing New England society longer than the Kindred have.
While Madeline Coventry waited for New England's mortal
population to grow large enough to support a Tremere
chantry, members of the Verbena Tradition of mages were
already influencing early colonial society. By the time the
Boston Chantry was fully formed, the Tremere found a well-
organized Verbena coven firmly entrenched and already in
control.

Order of the Golden Dawn

The first and foremost coven in New England is the
Order of the Golden Dawn, although it did not go by this
name until centuries after its founding. Geoffrey Thorn and
Nathaniel Grey, two young men from the Massachusetts
Bay Colony who believed there was more to life than
puritanical devotion to the church, formed the group in
1639. They attracted a few followers, whom they called
Apostles. These were mostly young women intrigued by
their ideas: notions of free thought, individualism and living
for pleasure.

For nearly five years, Thorn and Grey preached hedo-
nism to anyone who would listen. Then, in 1644, their
philosophy tookan ugly turn when Thorn discovered the Ur
Codex, a very old Greek text that described how to ascend
the "stairs of power" through homage to the forces of
darkness.

With the Ur Codex as a guide, Thorn and Grey began
to use their nightly gatherings to practice witchcraft and
further develop their belief system. Unfortunately, adher-
ence to the harsh, often violent mindset required to perform
the Codex rituals began to corrupt them. In the fall of 1650,
the order performed a ritual intended merely to make the
Head Minister ill. The ritual instead killed its target. A few
followers who were already uneasy with Thorn and Grey's
newfound grimness betrayed the order and confessed their
crime.

In the trial that followed, Thorn and Grey, along with
the four women who betrayed them, were sentenced to
death by hanging. On the eve of execution, the two War-
locks told their Apostles that they had performed a special
ritual, one that would allow their souls to be "reborn," and
promised to return one day to lead the coven again.

After the executions, the Apostles took the Codex and
left the Massachusetts Bay Colony, settling into Salem to
await the spiritual return of their leaders. They did not,
however, preach their beliefs to others, and thus avoided the
public scrutiny that Thorn and Grey had brought upon
themselves.

Sixteen years after the deaths of Thorn and Grey, aman
named Samuel Bridgewater appeared in Salem and gath-
ered the Apostles. He revealed to them that he was the

Chapter Two:


mortal host possessed of the combined spirits of Thorn and
Grey, and that he had returned to lead the order once again.
Most were skeptical until he described details of the noctur-
nal meetings of the 1640s. Seven of the women joined
Bridgewater, but five of them refused to accept his claims
and, for the first time, the Apostles were divided. Bridgewater
named the seven women who joined him as the order's first
Acolytes, with himself as its High Wizard.

Twisted Horn Coven

The five Apostles who did not join Samuel Bridgewater
formed their own coven, called the Twisted Horn Coven,

and continued to await the arrival of the
Thorn and Grey." To their minds, Bridgewater was an
impostor, and even though they could not explain his

tue spirits of

knowledge, neither could they explain their own inner
conviction that he was not what he claimed to be.

They continued to call themselves Apostles and took it
as a point of evidence that Bridgewater's Seven renounced
the title of Apostle for his appointed title of Acolyte. The
Five tried to sway the "misguided" Seven by every persuasive

means at their disposal, but stopped just short of applying
coercive measures.

Eventually the Twisted Horn gave up on the Seven and
concentrated instead on increasing its own ranks in an effort
to subdue and crush the Order. By this time, the Twisted

Horn was fanatically devoted to Bridgewater's downfall,
frustrated as its members were in their efforts to win back
their sisters from what they believed was an evil, fraudulent
corrupter. Unfortunately, Bridgewater had possession of the
UrCodexand, consequently, the five founders of the Twisted
Horn had to carry out all the rituals from memory. The two

covens vied for supremacy, but the Order was too strong,

fortified as it with the dark power of the Codex, and the

Five Apostles left Salem.

Cloven Hoof Coven

Upon his deathbed in 1710, Samuel Bridgewater per-
formed a ritual that he said would transfer the spirits of
Thorn and Grey to the most worthy Acolyte in the coven.
This ritual be
transferred to younger witches. The High Witch or Wizard
often chose as his or her successor the Acolyte who was the

ame the traditional way in which power was

most faithful, and competition between Acolytes for the
favor of the coven leader became fierce. Succession became
a matter of political opportunism and had little to do with
skill in magic or administrative ability.

The following two centuries were eventful ones for the
Order. During this time, it had its first contact with other
mages and, in the mid-1800s, took its current name follow-
ing one such meeting. For the most part the coven has kept
its involvement with other mages minimal, but there have

been times when it was exceptionally active.

26 ark Colony

During one of these periods, in 1935, the coven leader
died unexpectedly while on a trip to Europe to meet with
other Verbena mages. The High Wizard had not chosen a
successor before he died, and the traditional ritual could not
be performed. The coven split into two factions, each
supporting its own candidate for leadership. After a year of
constant fighting, both leaders declared themselves High
Wizard. One of them, however, actually knew how to use
the magic from the Codex. This High Wizard broke the
Order's most sacred Tradition by using the Codex's magic
against fellow Acolytes. The beaten Acolytes left in outrage
and formed their own coven, the Cloven Hoof Coven.
The members of the Cloven Hoof believe that the
Order of the Golden Dawn is now under the influence of
diabolical forces because it regularly uses the power of the
Codex against its own members. The Cloven Hoof believes
that the spirits of Thorn and Grey are trapped within the
Codex itself and are waiting for someone to liberate them so
that they can take their rightful places as leaders of the truly

faithful (the Cloven Hoof Coven). To this day, they are
obsessed with retrieving the Codex and finding a ritual that
will free the trapped spirits within.

The Covens Today

Today there are three major covens operating in New
England, along with a handful of smaller, independent
groups whose aims and techniques are still mysterious. The
most prominent three — the Order of the Golden Dawn,
the Twisted Horn Coven and the Cloven Hoof Coven —
compete fiercely with each other for control over all major

institutions, and this puts them at direct odds with the
Kindred.

Certain Kindred rumors have cast a new light on these
covens. According to these Tremere (and thus suspect)
accounts, New England's leading mages have been cor-
rupted by otherworldly forces. The witches are not, and
have never been, Verbena. They are rather Nephandi.

Chapter Two:


Chapter Three:~

_ The Triad

;
,
&

A planet of playthings

We dance on the strings

Of powers we cannot perceive

he Triad's formation in 1890 and subsequent
recolonization of New England were the cul-
mination of the failed political maneuverings
of two British elders — Roman Pendragon and William
Biltmore — and the unique vision of an English Nosferatu
named Warwick. However, the true motivating forces be-
hind these three powerful elders are three Methuselahs who
have spent the better part of two millennia thwarting each
other's plans.

The Triad's central puppeteer is the Nosferatu
Methuselah Trajan, who seeks to expand the influence of
his Web. Opposing him are the Malkavian Methuselah
Antoine Le Fanu and the Brujah Methuselah Selina, two
Kindred who share an equally strong enmity toward each

other.

The Methuselahs

Of the three Methuselahs involved, the most enig-
matic is Trajan, a fifth-generation Nosferatu who once
manipulated ancient Rome from his own underground

empire. Trajan's imperial reign came to an abrupt end when

— Rush, "Free Will"

he was ousted by the Ventrue. Instrumental in his defeat was
Antoine Le Fanu (though he was not known by that name
then), a fifth-generation Malkavian whose inscrutable
motives included revenge for Trajan's disruption of his own
plans for the conquest of his native Gaul.

While Trajan lay in self-induced torpor, contemplating
his own misfortune, Le Fanu pla
imperial Roman politics, helping to put such notably un-

yed the fierce game of

stable men as Caligula and Nero on the throne. However,
Le Fanu could do nothing to stop the ine
the empire, and he left for more fertile country.

orable collapse of

During the early Dark Ages, Le Fanu encountered Dark
Selina, a wicked sixth-generation Brujah who also de-
lighted in manipulating world events. Together they schemed
to keep paganism strong against the tide of Christianity, but
their mutual mistrust made them weak and vulnerable to
the more powerful Kindred behind Charlemagne and his
legions.

The pair were driven from central Europe. Each blamed
the other for the scheme's downfall and a bitter hatred grew.
Selina resented Le Fanu's earlier generation and eventually
committed diablerie upon her sire to become the Malkavian's

Chapter Three: The Triad


THE TRIAD AND TTS-PAWNS

fz]
AND

Pendragon

Dark Selina

= ON
—_ a a__»»

Trajan

\/ Warwick
Worthy of Respect
ae,
4
Densch

30 ark Colony


equal. Le Fanu sensed the change in Selina and, convinced
that she desired his vitae as well, sought to thwart her every
scheme.

Meanwhile, in the 12th century A.D., Trajan emerged
from torpor. He had become convinced that his past defeat
stemmed from lack of knowledge about his enemy. Trajan
thus began to form an intelligence network of such magni-
tude and scope that it would influence all Kindred affairs.
He began to spin his Web (as he dubbed his network) in
Britain, a country still forming an identity. Ambitious
British princes, particularly those from Clans Toreador and
Ventrue, eagerly employed its information-gathering ser-

ices.

A few centuries later, the destinies of these ancient
vampires and their powerful progeny converged on New
England. The following sections describe the role each pair
of characters (Methuselah and progeny) played in the
formation of the Triad and the subsequent invasion of
America

Selina and Pendragon

Selina epitomizes those Cainites who believe the Kin-
dred should cast off the Masquerade and take their rightful
places as rulers of the mortal world — an attitude that has
become synonymous with that of the Sabbat. Not coinci-
dentally, Selina helped convince Tyler (Patricia
Bollingbroke) to make the attack that led to the founding
of the Sabbat.

Selina did not anticipate the swiftness of the Camarilla
reaction, however, and lost contact with Tyler shortly

thereafter. She began to look for another young rebel to

guide toward the realization of her dream, and found the

makings of a great conqueror in Roman Pendragon.

She did not realize what sort of viper she had Embraced
until he turned on her when she tried to take the princedom
of Zurich from Guillaume, a fellow Brujah whom Selina
viewed as weak and beneath contempt. Pendragon, believ-
ing he had destroyed Selina, returned to England and began
his rise to power. Selina was able to guide and influence him
even as she lay in torpor, using him as a puppet without his
knowledge.

Upon returning to England, Pendragon kept a low
profile, sizing up his potential opponents and looking for
weaknesses. The Ventrue fought frequently with the Torea-
dor for control, and Pendragon found it easy to play one
against the other while appearing uninvolved. However, as
time went on, Pendragon paid less and less attention to
playing at intrigue and began taking a more active, visible
role in the events he initiated.

Instead of making secretalliances, he made open threats;
instead of manipulating indirectly, he used intimidation
and coercion. His ambition was frequently the topic of
discussion in Elysiums around England. While a great many
British Brujah believed they had found an inspiring flag
behind which to rally, many others were concerned that the

Chapter Three: The Triad


clan would suffer greatly under such an influence. These
Brujah held secret meetings to decide how best to stop
Pendragon's meteoric rise.

Pendragon sensed that things were not quite right
when he began to feel hesitation on the part of many of his
Brujah supporters. His success at scheming began todwindle
as each new plot ran afoul in some mysterious way. His
opponents always seemed one step ahead of him instead of
the other way around.

Atfirst he thought the Ventrue were just getting lucky,
but as his failures mounted he began to suspect betrayal on
the part of someone in his own ranks. The very idea seemed
foreign to him; he could not imagine anyone who would
have the audacity to betray him, and this arrogance as much
as anything led to his downfall. At the point when he first
began to suspect treachery on the part of a single underling,
an entire coterie was already planning its opposition; when
he realized that a group of Brujah had to be collaborating
against him, a significant portion of the entire clan was
mobilized against his next move.

Only a sudden insight into his predicament gave
Pendragon the opportunity to escape the assassination
attempt of his Brujah brethren. He and those of his brood
still loyal to him fled south to the Channel and managed to
gain passage to Holland.

Pendragon and three of his progeny returned to Swit-
zerland, where Guillaume, whose appreciation for stopping
Dark Selina's bid for power still ran deep, greeted him
warmly. For the time being, Pendragon had found sanctu-
ary.

When Pendragon's bid for power in Britain failed,
Selina, still in torpor, steered him toward America. In her
mind, it was far enough away from the Camarilla's Inner
Circle and its suffocating edicts that her vision of Kindred
supremacy would have the freedom to develop.

Le Fanu and Biltmore

After Le Fanu Embraced him, Biltmore returned to
Wales and began creating progeny out of the local nobility.
Many Welsh barons were already the puppets of Ventrue
princes; when they began to go inexplicably mad, their
Ventrue masters grew perplexed and concerned. Biltmore
made it acrusade to Embrace only the nobility, for they were
the people he most hated. He wanted to destroy the barons
and dukes and earls that were once his masters in the
breathing world, and he wanted to rob the Ventrue of their
most powerful pawns in the process.

For many decades, each Welsh prince believed that the
deteriorating mental stability of his pawns was a local
phenomenon. It was vital that no other elder discover such
weakness, lest the vultures begin to circle. Thus no Ventrue
would admit that he was losing control of his most powerful
mortal pawns, and for quite some time each believed that he
alone suffered from these losses.

By the time the Ventrue deduced the full extent of the
phenomenon, it was too late; more than 100 years had
passed and Biltmore's noble brood was impossible to dis-
place. Part of the difficulty lay in the inability of the Ventrue
to determine who had Embraced the barons and dukes of
Wales. That they were Malkavian was never in doubt, but
getting any useful information out of one was next to
impossible, and the identity of their sire(s?) remained a
burning question for some time.

In 1855, Biltmore became Prince of Cardiff with the
help of his noble progeny. He kept the Welsh Ventrue at bay
for 35 years with constant threats of uniting his nobles
against them in a war they clearly would not be able to win.
In 1890, in response to repeated requests for assistance from
the Welsh princes, Mithras, Prince of London, led an assault
against Cardiff.

Ventrue from every part of Great Britain came to
Mithras' call, and Biltmore was driven out of Wales with
only a handful of his brood. He fled to France; here, French
Ventrue who still owed Mithras favors picked up the pur-
suit. Only in Switzerland did the pursuit stop, for Guillaume
would not permit another's Blood Hunt to intrude upon his
domain.

When Le Fanu learned that Selina's puppet Pendragon
was also in Switzerland, he quickly moved to thwart her and
her progeny, just as he had so swiftly moved to put the elders
on Tyler's trail almost a century before. This time, he drew
Biltmore to Zurich to watch over Pendragon, waiting forthe
fiery Brujah to tip his hand and reveal Selina's latest

scheme.

Trajan and Warwick

Watching both of them was Trajan, who planned to
eliminate both Le Fanu and Selina, thus ensuring that
neither would continue to block his campaign to expand his
Web.

Trajan's most reliable operative during the Renais-
sance was Warwick, who served the Web faithfully for
several decades. Warwick knew that a powerful elder, quite
possibly a Methuselah, had created the Web, but he be-
lieved that influence to be long dead, for the organization
clearly ran without guidance from any single figure.

Of course, Warwick was wrong. Trajan had influenced
every aspect of the Web's operation from the moment of its
very inception. He steered from afar, never allowing even
the Web's most loyal operatives to know of his continued
involvement.

Because of the highly secretive nature of Trajan's work,
he and his Nosferatu remained almost entirely out of sight,
as did those Nosferatu who declined to join him. Thus
during the period during which Pendragon and Biltmore
climbed the Kindred political ladder, Trajan did not take
direct steps against them.


Shortly after Pendragon was expelled from Britain,
however, Le Fanu sought to limit what he saw as the growing
power of the Nosferatu. He called due some favors, and a
conclave passed a Proclamation of Prohibition. The Procla-
mation labeled the Web a violation of the Second Tradition
and called on princes to stop using the Web.

Out of fear or respect, most British elders adhered to the
edict, while a daring few still made use of Trajan's services.
Those that did were soon visited by archons who seemed
suspiciously intent on ruining even the small measure of
influence the Web still exerted over British politics.

The Web's influence began to wane rapidly after the
Proclamation of Prohibition, and Trajan was in danger of
complete exclusion from the British political scene. He put
Warwick to the task of learning who was behind the
Proclamation, sparing no expense in divining the identity
of his latest nemesis.

Ittook three years and cost the unlives of four Nosferatu
agents to discover that Antoine Le Fanu had engineered the
downfall of the Web. Le Fanu, it appeared, pushed hard to
bring the Web to the attention of the right elders and his
influence somehow reached the Inner Circle.

In retaliation, Trajan did all in his power to bring Le
Fanu's pawn, Biltmore, down as well. Key information from
the Web put the Ventrue on Biltmore's trail and eventually
led to the Malkavian's expulsion from Wales. Trajan made
it a personal crusade to keep a close eye on Le Fanu's every
move.

When he learned that Biltmore had met Pendragon in
Switzerland and that the two were scheming to move into
America, Trajan worked fast to bring his own presence to
the planning table. He brought Warwick to his haven.
Here, Trajan revealed to the agent that he was in control of
the Web, as he had always been, and that he had a very
special mission for his agent. Warwick accepted the mission
without hesitation.

Trajan sent Warwick to Switzerland with plans for the
recolonization of America, starting with the New England
region. Operation Longbow described a three-pronged in-
vasion of New England in which Pendragon would take the
north, Biltmore would take the middle and Warwick would
take the south.

The plan's actual purpose was to exert as much control
over Biltmore and Pendragon as possible by drawing them
into a campaign of Trajan's own construction. Warwick
spent four years setting up another Web in southern New
England before approaching the other two with the plan.

By the time Warwick reached Zurich, Biltmore and
Pendragon were already at each other's throats, and Warwick
realized that it was going to take a lot of subtlety to get them
to agree on anything. He brought his plan to each of them
separately, allowing each to believe the idea to be his own
and catering to each elder's vanity.

Pendragon was easy to sway, for Selina had already put
the notion of American conquest into his head, and Warwick
made it sound as though he would be the principal com-
mander. Warwick also convinced Pendragon that a
diversionary force was necessary to keep central New En-
gland busy while the real conquest took place in the north,
where Pendragon would be in command. Pendragon imme-
diately thought of sacrificing Biltmore to that task, for the
Malkavian appeared to have designs on America.
Biltmore was not as easy to persuade as the mercurial
Brujah. Biltmore appeared incoherent most of the time, and
frenzied frequently. It was during one of Biltmore's more
bizarre fits that Warwick began to wonder whether to
include the Malkavian in the plan at all. Unexpectedly,
Biltmore later came to Warwick, requesting a part in Opera-
tion Longbow and displaying a lucidity he'd never before

shown.

When Warwick explained to the unstable Malkavian
that he was going to use Pendragon to keep the Sabbat under
control in northern New England, Biltmore was only too
eager to be the thorn in the Brujah's southern side. After
more than a year of negotiations and advanced planning
sessions, Operation Longbow was launched.

Current Intrigues

Is there anyone who smiles without a mask?

»

— Queensryche, "Anybody Listening?

The Triad

Pendragon is now forming plans to mount another
assault on Mowgli's Montpelier stronghold. A Sabbat cardi-
nal — actually Dark Selina acting as the Crimson Tide's
secret sponsor — has informed Mowgli that an attack of
some kind is imminent, but the exact details are unknown.

Biltmore is secretly negotiating with a rogue Tremere
chantry in Salem in an effort to strike a surprise blow to the
Sabbat.

Warwick ha
to a Nosferatu elder in Chicago named Khalid are but the

ret plans of his own. Special messages

first step in these plans.

The Camarilla

The Camarilla does not have the sort of influence it
wants in New England. This is primarily bec:
strong Sabbat presence there. In recent years, however, it
has redoubled its efforts to gain a foothold in the region.

‘ause of the

Pendragon continually keeps the American Camarilla
at bay with empty promises of negotiation and deft political
sidestepping. He refuses to attend Camarilla conclaves and
is viewed with fear and contempt.

Many Camarilla vampires believe that Pendragon leads
acontingent of European Sabbat attempting to conquer all
of North America. However, the observed fighting between
Pendragon and local Sabbat gangs does not support this

Chapter Three: The Triad


Crimson Tide

Vy

Skelton's Rangers
(ME, NH)

Skelton

|

The Flayers
The Stand
The Gangrel


theory. The Justicars of the Camarilla are doing what they
can to quell the paranoia — and keep communication with
Pendragon open.

The Sabbat

The Sabbat wants New England. Many of its members
do not understand why the sect has not moved in and
cleaned house. On the other hand, Sabbat leaders fear that
such a move would force the Triad and the Camarilla into
an unconquerable alliance. Thus they move slowly, sup-
porting the Crimson Tide and Mowgli in the north while
sending operatives to Boston on a regular basis. They feel
Boston is extremely vulnerable, but they are taking great
care in seizing it.

Dark Selina, who has rapidly moved into a position of
power within the Sabbat, has also slowed the sect's activities
so that she will not have to sacrifice Pendragon too quickly.
He is a useful pawn, and she sees no reason to destroy him
before it is absolutely necessary.

The Inconnu
As might be expected, the Inconnu appear uncon-
cerned about these events. Their self-appointed roles seem
to be strictly those of observers, never taking an active part
in the region's politics.

Many Tremere believe that there is an Inconnu moun-
tain stronghold somewhere in the Lupine-infested Black
Mountain region of Maine, protected during the day by a
mysterious order of monks called the Undying. However, no
Tremere has ever attempted to locate this mythical strong-
hold, andso its existence isstill regarded as largely apocryphal.

The Resistance

The forces of the Resistance do what they can, but none
appears able to topple the British invaders. An alliance has
so far been out of the question, but would give the American
Kindred their first real hope.

The Kindred of Liberty and the Gemini League once
tried to work together, but a Brujah's untimely frenzy put an
end to that effort. Now the groups work at cross purposes,
occasionally getting in each other's way and ruining each
other's plans.

The KOL is often hampered by its own primogen as
well, for its members all have their own agendas. Elsa
Linden's feud with Jara Drory is only the tip of the iceberg,
and more than one scheme has failed because of top-level
disagreements. Battista has done his best to unify the group,
but its lack of success has left him disheartened.

GEMINI LEAGUE

Wi

Upton Rowlands,
President

John Rei
Vice Pre

The Council

v

Spy Network

Chapter Three: The Triad

———————————

THE RESISTANCE


Nonaligned Kindred

A few Kindred in the region claim allegiance to no
group. While Caitiff are in nearly every major city, Vermont
seems to have collected more than its share. A number of
Gangrel have found the sprawling, mountainous woodlands
to be an ideal environment. Reactions to a vampire who
claims to be from Vermont range from quizzical amusement
to mild suspicion, but for the most part, Vermont Kindred
are largely ignored. These Cainites are simply viewed as
uninvolved, apathetic and ultimately unimportant.

The Followers of Set

Recently, there have been disturbing rumors of Setites
appearing on Cape Cod. Toreador Kindred in the area claim
to have seen three Setites traveling through Provincetown,
Rockport and Hyannis. For the moment, their current
whereabouts and the purpose behind their visit remain
complete mysteries, and it appears as though no one except
the Provincetown Toreador and select members of the
Kindred of Liberty are even aware of the Setites' existence
on the Cape.

Ravnos

Every summer on Cape Cod there appeared a traveling
carnival called Karneval Nine, run by a Ravnos elder named
Nicolai Nine and his degenerate brood. These miscreant
Kindred stirred up trouble wherever they went, and Elsa
Linden often described them as a thorn in her side. They
would arrive on Memorial Day, make the rounds through
the small cities and towns of Cape Cod during the summer
tourist season, and then head south immediately following
Labor Day.

Last summer, however, Karneval Nine packed up and
headed south earlier than usual — an entire month early.
Some Toreador have speculated that the appearance of
Setites on the Cape scared the Ravnos away, while others
believe that they made an uneasy alliance with the Sabbat
and promised to stay out of the area. Either way, the possible
reappearance of Nicolai Nine and his carnival is regarded as
a mixed blessing, for it signals a return to a familiar nor-
malcy, but an unpleasant normalcy just the same.

KOL PRIMOGEN

Battista Decamerone

=
2S

<r ae

Pug Jackson

Elsa Linden

Chapter Three: The Triad


Chapter Four:

The Kindred

And the screaming sky won't let me sleep. The

stars are laughing at us, as we crawl on and on

across this antheap

— XTC, "Across the Antheap"

he characters presented here represent only the
major players in the fierce struggle gripping
New England. The size and scope of this book

make it ni y to limit its selection to those who operate at

astate or regional level.

The residents of New England are divided along many
lines. A Brujah in New England may be a member of the
Sabbat or the Camarilla, British or American, anarch or
elder. With this many combinations, it is difficult to find
two vampires who are not opposed to each other in some
way, and this makes it difficult to group the characters by
any one convenient method. Despite this, the characters
have been organized by clan to make them easier to find.

Regional Secrets

New England is a region full of secrets. Kindred hide
information from Kindred and clans war with each other

over intelligence that will give them an edge in their
constant competition. Characters may eventually uncover
; when they do, the Storyteller should

some of these secre!
know just how much to give them and what the information
should be. The Regional Secrets Trait detailed here pro-
vides some idea of just how much the movers and shakers in
New England's dark colony know, and just how little the
uninformed can see through the masks of deception that
every clan and every faction wears.

There are five grades of secrets, rated from A to F like
the school grading system. Each level shows how much
secret information about the regional politics and events of
New England the character pc
minus ratings indicate a greater or lesser knowledge of those

sesses, while the plus and

secrets. A character knows everything listed for her rating,
plus everything listed for all lower ratings.

Chapter Four:


A+ The character knows the exact details of all con-
flicts in New England (as you will after reading this book),
though there may be one or two secrets still harbored by the
Methuselahs that no one knows. For example, neither Le
Fanu nor Selina knows that Trajan is behind the Web in
both Britain and New England, nor that he is the master-
mind behind Operation Longbow. Likewise, no one isaware
that Selina is actually the Cardinal, the Sabbat's mysterious
benefactor (not even the Sabbat themselves know this).

A_ The character knows something about the control
exerted by Le Fanu, Selina and Trajan, and their ongoing
conflict. The character does not know exactly who controls
whom.

A- The character knows the general nature of the
conflicts between Le Fanu, Selina and Trajan, but does not
know whom they control, nor the intricate details of their
games.

B+ The character is knowledgeable about the precise
nature of the Triad, its history, its internal conflicts, and
many of the intrigues going on within it. The character may
suspect that there are Methuselahs behind the scenes.

B_ The character knows of the conflicts within the
Triad, and of the many other Kindred whom they control
(Quentin King III, Jara Drory, and so forth).

B- The character has a rough idea that the Triad is
working behind the scenes. Knowledge about Pendragon's
role is the least secret aspect of this information.

C+ The character knows the politics of the Triad and
the Resistance, including coteries, in detail.

C_ The character knows about the Resistance groups
and how they react to one another. The character knows
about the British, but knows nothing of the Triad or how
powerful it is.

C- The character understands that there are different
groups among the Kindred of New England, and that their
conflicts indicate the ebb and flow of politics within the
region.

D+ The character knows whether or not the British
Malkavians, Nosferatu or Brujah have taken over the city in
which she resides and whether or not the Americans are
struggling to win it back for themselves. The character also
knows of the Sabbat problem in the north.

D_ The character knows about the antagonism be-
tween the British and Americans, and between the Camarilla
and the Sabbat, but knows nothing about the clans involved
or their beliefs. The character may know of some relation-
ships in particular, but knows very little of the overall
picture.

D- The character only knows the general facts about
the prince of the city in which he resides, such as her name
and clan.

F The character knows that there is conflict be-
tween Americans and British, anarchs and elders, and may
be able to identify some of the leaders of the various groups
if he encounters them. The character has only a rough idea
of the turmoil and antipathy in the region.

Acquiring Secrets
The A-F rating for Secrets corresponds to the normal
five-level rating as follows:

TOOW>

Brujah

The Brujah in northern New England are primarily
composed of French Brujah who joined the Sabbat in the
1600s. Not all Brujah are Sabbat, but it is generally assumed
thatany Brujah from Maine or New Hampshire isa member
of thatsect; sucha Brujah is regarded with fear, loathing and
contempt.

Camarilla Brujah in Massachusetts are almost univer-
sally members of the Kindred of Liberty, and any Brujah who
does not claim allegiance to this group is assumed to be

Sabbat. Outsiders are viewed with tremendous suspicion by
Camarilla and Sabbat Brujah alike, but both are eager to
recruit newcomers into the struggle.

Brujah are not common in Connecticut; the vast ma-
jority of Connecticut Ventrue go to great effort to run them
out of their domains whenever they appear. Rhode Island
seems hostile toward the Brujah as well, and the Brujah
seem to avoid its cities at all costs, though no explanation
for this has ever been offered by any Brujah elder.

Roman Pendragon

Roman Pendragon was born in 1683, the third son of a
wealthy landowner in eastern England. Pendragon joined
the British Army and fought in the campaigns of the War of
Spanish Succession. He advanced quickly through the
officer ranks. His leadership qualities, combined with a
ruthless persistence and a Machiavellian approach to poli-
tics, were rewarded often and well by his superiors. It was no
secret that he was being groomed for a top seat in Parlia-
ment. However, his political dreams in the mortal world
were never to materialize in the manner he had planned.

During a period of rest and relaxation in Switzerland,
the young infantry captain met his sire. She was as beautiful
as she was merciless, and it is very likely that Pendragon's
ruthless nature attracted her to him. On August 12th, 1703,
Pendragon was Embraced by Dark Selina, a wicked vampiress
with worldly ambitions.


Selina's teachings were deliberate and comprehensive,
and he learned quickly and voraciously, for every aspect of
his new life delighted him to the core. He reveled in the
taking of mortal blood, an act he was taught to view as both
erotic and necessary. His heart sang with every use of his
newfound powers, and he was always hungry to learn more.

It took Pendragon more than 60 years to mature to the
point where Selina felt she could introduce him into Kin-
dred society as a force to be reckoned with. Her scheming
helped Pendragon climb the social and political ladder of
Kindred society in Switzerland, but he was unhappy there
and yearned to return to his native England. Selina, how-
ever, forbade him to leave her. Pendragon grudgingly
acquiesced, and Selina again put her mind to her schemes,
never once stopping to take note of Pendragon's growing
anger.

Although he was Blood Bound to her, he had not tasted
her blood in years, and the control of the Bond had long
faded to vague memories. He turned to Guillaume, the
Prince of Zurich, and found a willing mentor, a man whose
wisdom and strength Pendragon grew to admire. Guillaume
explained to Pendragon the nature of the Blood Bond and
how it held him in Thrall to his evil sire. When Pendragon
realized that Selina was only using him for her own ends, the
Bond broke and he planned his revenge.

On the eve of Selina's bid for princedom in Zurich,
Pendragon struck. Pendragon proposed a renewed Blood
Bond to celebrate her inevitable success. Before Selina
realized what he was doing, it was too late. The wooden
stake that he had concealed in his long robe pierced her at
the same moment his fangs did, and she was completely
unable to prevent him from drinking her into torpor.

Giddy and delirious from the sudden infusion of Selina's
ancient vite, he took her body outside and left it to burn in
the morning's rays. Had Pendragon known of diablerie, he

probably would have committed it then, but Selina had
wisely kept him ignorant. Believing Selina destroyed and
high on her vita, Pendragon left to conquer his homeland.

Upon reaching England, he immediately began putting
into motion his plans for conquest. He rapidly became
known throughout England as a vampire to be taken very
seriously. Pendragon was a natural ruler and he bordered on
greatness; he was decisive, unyielding, ruthless, cunning,
efficient, persuasive, charismatic and mistrustful of anyone
but himself. Unfortunately, his ambition created enemies
out of people that would have otherwise been allies, and
engendered strife where there would have been peaceful
coexistence.

He began to encounter resistance no matter what he
tried to do, and his usual methods of intimidation and
coercion became less and less effective. Still, the only thing
preventing Pendragon from ruling all of England was lack of
maturity, and that was only a matter of time and experience.

Eventually, he learned that cooperation was sometimes
the smoothest and quickest way to achieve a particular goal
when all other avenues were blocked, and he came to the
most important realization of his undead life: he was immor-
tal and his ambitions would never outlive him. His plans
became more long-term-oriented, and he took the time to
see each and every elegant piece come together, savoring
the process like a fine wine instead of pressing and rushing
as though he were going to get too old for it one day.

During the next century, Pendragon became the most
prominent Brujah in England and very little happened
there without his knowledge or influence. His name and
reputation spread among the European Kindred. This was
especially true in Switzerland, where he was welcomed most
enthusiastically; Swiss Kindred regarded Pendragon as some-
thing of a hero for destroying Dark Selina and forever
putting to rest her evil schemes.

For all his power and success, Pendragon yearned for
more, but his plans faltered when many of his Brujah
supporters betrayed him out of fear of his ambition. He was
forced out of Britain in 1885 and fled back to Switzerland
with his brood. There he met Biltmore and Warwick, and
with them began plans for Operation Longbow.

Sire: Dark Selina

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1703 (born 1683)

Apparent Age: 20

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Intimidation 6,
Leadership 6, Scan 3

Skills: Drive 2, Fast-Draw 4, Firearms 5, Melee 6, Ride 3,
Stealth 4, Throwing 4

Chapter Four:


Knowledges: Kindred Lore 3, Linguistics 4, Military
Science 5, Occult 2, Politics 4

Disciplines: Celerity 5, Dominate 4, Fortitude 4,
Potence 5, Presence 6, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 3, Influence 4, Re-
sources 5, Retainers 3, Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 8

Notes: Pendragon's sixth level of Presence allows him
to instill feelings of inadequacy in those around him. Suc-
cessful use of this power means those around him must make
Courage rolls (difficulty 8) to oppose him in any way.
Additionally, Pendragon has learned a way to turn his
enemies' frenzies on themselves. By succeeding in a Will-
power roll (difficulty of the target's Willpower) and spending
a point of Willpower, Pendragon can force another's Beast
to inflict damage upon its host (one Health Level per
success). This power also makes the affected vampire less
able to resist frenzy (difficulties are one higher).

Image: Roman Pendragon looks young and wears his
hair long and straight. He wears English military outfits
from the 1690s and carries a cane. Every movement and

gesture seems filled with supreme confidence. He has the

bearing of a military commander who expects his orders to
be carried out without question.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a natural conqueror and
you know it. Nothing frightens you. Look at everything and
everyone as if you own them, body and soul. You expect
and anyone who
dares to question you or your authority is always sorry for it
later. When dealing with puny ants (like neonates or
mortals), you let Sirque speak for you. You merely stare at
them as if you expect nothing but complete and utter
compliance. At the first sign of any reluctance or resistance,
you shake your cane and have them Blood Bound or de-
stroyed, depending on your mood.

everyone to bow before your greatnes

Haven: Several throughout New Hampshire

Regional Secrets: A-

Influence: Pendragon controls New Hampshire, at
least those parts that the Lupines do not claim. The Sabbat
are but a temporary nuisance, and he will soon sweep them
away. Eventually, he will attempt to push Biltmore out of
Boston, then spread west into New York and take care of
Maine with a secret plan that even Sirque does not know
about. Pendragon has sensed what he perceives to be a
change in Sirque and has begun to suspect that something
is wrong. He ison the verge of Blood Bonding his lieutenant,
but other, more pressing, matters have dominated his atten-
tion recently.

Jacques Sirque

Created by Pendragon in 1756, Jacques Sirque is yet
another in the line of vipers that Selina has spawned. True
to the adage "like seeks like," Pendragon returned to En-
gland searching for an ally whose goals mirrored his own.
Unfortunately for Pendragon, Sirque's goals coincided far

too well with his own. Sirque's primary purpose in becoming
the elder's second-in-command was to usurp Pendragon's
position in the Triad.

Sirque did not begin at the top, and perhaps this
explains why his hatred of Pendragon runs so deep. Little
more than an escaped French convict, Sirque came to the
Brujah's attention when he attempted to mug Pendragon as
he hunted in the darkness of a back alley in London.
Pendragon created a ghoul from the would-be mugger

Sirque served as Pendragon's personal bodyguard and
assistant for more than 40 years. Sirque gradually became
acclimatized to the Brujah's fiery temperament and the
diplomatic role he himself had to play to smooth over the
difficulties Pendragon's indelicate personality caused. Fi-
nally, in 1797, the Brujah Embraced Sirque, convinced that
the ghoul was entirely dedicated to him

Since his Embrace, Sirque has been awaiting the per-
fect moment for a coup d'état. His patience in this regard
matches Pendragon's impetuosity. For more than century,
Sirque has been forming alliances with other Kindred and
has gradually become the mediator between Pendragon and
his brood. The latter role affords him a great deal of control
over the perception others have of Pendragon, and thus the
attitudes they adopt concerning him. One night, Sirque
may use these attitudes to sway the pulse of the Kindred
against his own sire.

Sire: Pendragon

Nature: Plotter


Demeanor: Mediator
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1797 (born 1721; ghoul 1756)
Apparent Age: Mid-30s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3,
Diplomacy 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 1, Intrigue 5, Leader-
ship 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Melee 4,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 1, Investiga-
tion 5, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Politics 5

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Dominate 2, Fortitude 1, Ob-
fuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 5, Thaumaturgy 3 (Path of
Corruption 2)

Backgrounds: Contacts 6, Herd 1, Mentor 5, Re-
sources 4, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9

Image: Sirque is of medium height, with a wiry build,
el eyes. He pulls his long hair
back in a ponytail, and favors round, dark glasses that hide
his eyes. His overall style is very European, but his clothes
are typically punk — studded leather and torn denim.

silvering brown hair and hi

Roleplaying Hints: Youare the spymaster —restrained,
attentive and smooth. It is rare that your face changes from
any but the most serious of expressions; you can lie to your
sire's face without looking the least bit guilty, and you
control your own aura with the precision of a trained
assassin. Among equals, you exude tact and diplomacy, but
you never forget your plans to usurp Pendragon's power.

Haven: With Pendragon

Regional Secrets: B+

Influence: Sirque influences the attitudes of
Pendragon's brood toward their sire, as he is the mediator
between them. He also controls Pendragon's frail spy net-
work and maintains contact with the Brujah gangs in
northern New England.

Pug Jackson

Embraced in Ouagadougou, Africa in 1734, when it
was still the capital of the Mossi Empire, and enslaved by
white Ventrue from America only six years later, Pug
Jackson had a difficult unlife as a neonate. His introduction
to America was a harsh one; he lived on a plantation in
Louisiana where all the Kindred slaves were Blood Bound to
their overseer, who was in turn Bound to the plantation
owner. Jackson escaped the plantation when the overseer

unsuccessfully tried to free himself and was slain. Jackson
fled north to Boston, where, he had heard, all Kindred were
considered equal.

In Bos

‘on, he met Denmark Turner, an older Brujah

who owned a small kitchen where mortal blacks could
gather, drink and exchange stories in relative peace. Turner
welcomed him into his little kitchen and taught him what
his sire had not — the Disciplines and the ways of the
Brujah.

In 1861, Turner could not resist the call to fight against
the South in the Civil War, but Jackson could and did.
Turner asked Jackson to guard his property while he was
gone, and never returned. By 1895, the kitchen Jackson
"inherited" had become a bit bigger, and Jackson created a
brood that lived off the proceeds of the mortal black gangs
in the area.

Then the British came. Redcoats began to stalk the
ghettos at night, hunting Cainite rebels and killing a num-
ber of black mortals for their vitae. Redcoats arrested Jackson

and his Kindred gang on the streets more than once, and
took every opportunity to harass them.

At about the same time the Redcoats began invading
Jackson's neighborhood, Jackson fell in love with a beauti-
ful Haitian Lick named Monique. One hot August night, he
and Monique were attacked by six Redcoats. Monique was
savagely staked while Jackson was severely beaten. In a
frenzy, he struck back at his assailants, only to find himself
blindly tearing up his beloved Monique.

Jackson disappeared from Boston for several months
after destroying his lover. During those months, he con-
cluded that he himself was not to blame for the events of
that evil night. The Redcoats had provoked his rage and
caused the tragedy, and for that they would pay.

Chapter Four:


He joined the Kindred of Liberty as an ordinary mem-
ber and, with his gangs, became a force to be feared. Word
of his strength spread, and several years later a Gangrel elder
named Battista Decamerone asked him to join the primogen
of the KOL. Surprised, but certainly willing, Jackson joined
and has come to dominate the group, for his anarch and
mortal gangs are the KOL's primary weapons.

Decamerone soon realized his mistake. Noting the love
for violence that has gripped the KOL, the Gangrel elder has
abdicated control of the group, although he is still respected
as its silent and powerful partner.

Pug Jackson and his brood operate out of Denmark's,
nowa nightclub in the Roxbury section of Boston, and they
frequently clash with Biltmore's Redcoats. They remain
suspicious of strangers, but if a character can prove that she
earnestly seeks to harm the British (or any racist Kindred or
kine), the Brujah will extend a provisional welcome to her.
Given the rumors of British spies, Jackson tends to trust
African-American Brujah before anyone else.

Sire: Sranganyika

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1734 (born 1709)

Apparent Age: 25

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Melee 4,
Security 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Boston Knowledge 4, Finance 2, Politics 2

Disciplines: Celerity 4, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 1, Po-
tence 5, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Resources 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 5

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Image: Tall, bald and built like a bulldozer, Jackson
favors red Converse high-tops and black baseball caps. He
carries a heavy aluminum bat slung over his shoulder and a
SigSauer P220 under his jacket when he walks the streets.

Roleplaying Hints: They treated you rough when you
were a slave; now you treat them rougher. You're not
sadistic, but whoever earns your contempt leaves a bitter
taste in your mouth.

Haven: Denmark's, a nightclub in Roxbury

Regional Secrets: B-

Influence: Jackson controls a number of Massachu-
setts' mortal and Kindred street gangs, as well as his own
band of Brujah. As one of the more important members of
the KOL, he has a good deal of influence over the group's

decisions concerning the use of his own resources. He also
owns and operates Denmark's, a popular nightclub among
Roxbury's African-American and Hispanic population.

Gangrel

Members of the Gangrel clan can be found scattered
throughout the entire New England region, but they are
welcome in few places, mostly because they are believed to
be on close terms with the Lupines. This is generally untrue,
but the stigma has stuck and few Gangrel go out of their way
to dispel the misconception.

Equally puzzling is the fact that Gangrel have been
known to fight alongside the Sabbat resistance group, the
Crimson Tide, in northern New England. This has only
aggravated their poor reputation. A number of Gangrel
have joined the Kindred of Liberty, but so far no clear-cut
allegiances can be assigned to the clan itself. Caution anda
healthy dose of skepticism are best adopted when dealing
with a New England Gangrel.

Battista Decamerone

An orphan in a destitute village not far from L
Italy, Decamerone quickly learned how to survive on the
streets by picking pockets, doing odd jobs, and evading the
authorities. Soon he tired of the provinciality of the village
and traveled to Lecce, where he was promptly kidnapped by
tuffians and sold as a servant to the captain of a Spanish
trading vessel. His master treated him well, however, and
granted Decamerone his freedom in 1528. Using the sailing
skills gained on his many voyages around Europe, he joined
Juan Cabeza de Vaca's expedition to the New World.

After long months of travel across the Atlantic,
Decamerone abandoned ship and escaped south to Colom-
bia. Between 1536 and 1549 he lived with the Pexicujati, a
local tribe, where he fell deeply in love with and married
Coluata, a native woman. For two years they shared a
humble thatch-roofed hut and cherished their idyllic lives
together. Tragedy struck, however, when his wife and child
died of smallpox (which he now knows he brought to the
area). Devastated by the deaths, Decamerone left the tribe.

For the next two decades, Decamerone moved rest-
lessly northward, befriending native tribes along the way. In
1571, as Decamerone traveled toa Wampanoag camp near
Waquoit, Massachusetts, a dying Indian Kindred Embraced
him. His mysterious sire never told him his name, why he
had chosen to Embrace Decamerone, or why he was dying,
but he told him of the Disciplines and how to invoke them.
With scarcely more than a night's training, Decamerone
became part of the world of the Kindred.

His will to survive was strong, and he lived off the blood
of the native tribes in the area for more than 60 years,
renewing ancient myths of Cheepi, the native demon of the
dead. Despite persistent rumors, Decamerone never harmed
the tribespeople, always keeping in mind his love for Coluata.

44 Dark Colony

Yearning for companionship, yet fearful of more pain, he
secretly learned the ways of the Indians and became well
versed in the ancient lore of the Wampanoag.

Seeing the horrors inflicted upon Indians and Europe-
ans alike by the arrival of Pilgrims in 1620 and King Philip's
War, Decamerone began to distance himself from human-
ity, spending more and more time alone in the forests of
western Massachusetts. Since then, Decamerone has been
a loner, traveling primarily within New England. He has
noted the growth of the Kindred population, particularly
the conflicts between the Sabbat and the Malkavians. More
recently, he has watched British Cainites renew their at-
tempt to colonize America, and has joined the Resistance
movement that has formed against them.

Some say Decamerone is seeking Golconda, but, even
when pressed, he neither confirms nor denies the rumor.
Nevertheless, he is an active pacifist, and he works in
whatever capacity possible to ensure that British Kindred do
not interfere with any Kindred's basic freedoms. His beliefs
led him to form the Kindred of Liberty in 1895, but he has
abdicated control of it as its younger members have become
increasingly violent. Although the British don't know of
the KOL, the Triad has heard of Decamerone and its
members wish to rid themselves of him.

Sire: Unknown Indian

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1571 (born 1512)

Apparent Age: Early 60s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 7,
Empathy 3, Leadership 2, Sense Deception 4, Streetwise 1

Skills: Animal Ken 6, Animal Training 3, Archery 3,
Boat Handling 4, Carpentry 2, Drive 1, Falconry 4, First Aid 3,
Fishing 2, Herbalism 2, Melee 3, Orienteering 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 5, Swimming 2, Tracking 4

Knowledges: Indian Lore 4, Kindred Lore 3, Linguis-
tics 6, Lupine Lore 2, Massachusetts Knowledge 5, Naturalist 4

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 3, Celerity 2, For-
titude 4, Obfuscate 3, Protean 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 8

Notes: Decamerone has a pet ghoul, a hawk, that has
been his constant companion for over 70 years. His sixth
level of Animalism allows him to gain the trust of any
animal with which he comes in contact.

Image: Decamerone is gray-haired, lean and weath-
ered. His skin is dark for a vampire; this is because of his
Mediterranean heritage. His eyes are a sad and gentle
brown. He appears composed and wise. He dresses in accom-
modating clothes — baggy trousers and loose sweaters —
and always wears moccasins or hand-crafted leather boots.

Roleplaying Hints: You are gentle and introspective.
You do not engage in conversation with others unless they
actively seek to speak with you. Speak of philosophical
matters, delve into their psychology, and weigh their per-
sonalities. Little bothers you personally save the suffering of
others. If anyone physically attacks you, you will defend
yourself, but you will not kill unless entirely necessary.
Rather, you prefer to slip away from a fight using your
Obfuscate.

Haven: Anyway there is earth

Regional Secrets: B-

Influence: Within the KOL, Decamerone is seen as the
"silent partner," the unobtrusive founder of the movement.
He is accorded great respect by younger Kindred, and is
perhaps one of the most trustworthy elders in New England.
When he wants something done, the KOL will do it forhim,
but rarely does he ask anything of the movement.

Malkavians

The Malkavians seem to be everywhere in New En-
gland, though they are most concentrated in Boston. Indeed,
Massachusetts has one of the largest Malkavian populations
bypercentage anywhere in the world. Most of the Malkavians
in New England are related, but it is impossible to ascertain
precise lineage or clan loyalties because their overall behav-
ior is unfathomable. Surprisingly enough, New England
Malkavians have actually attained positions of power
throughout the region.

Chapter Four:


Indeed, the Prince of Boston is a Malkavian, and a good
number of his brood, loyal Thralls all, are princes of other
Massachusetts cities. All the Malkavian princes are in-
tensely devoted to the Prince of Boston; this is not surprising,
considering they are Blood Bound to him. This relationship
has led to an unusual power structure wherein the prince of
Boston oversees virtually all of Massachusetts via his Thralls.

William Biltmore

William Biltmore was born in Wales in 1614. By the
time he was 25, he had become a highly celebrated court
bard to the Welsh nobility. He prospered for quite some
time until his stories began to take a decidedly dark turn.
Fanciful tales of chivalry and faerie maidens were replaced
by gruesome stories of death, decay and creatures of the
night that preyed upon the peasantry.

His mind was haunted by images of vampires and their
nocturnal hunts, and his dreams were filled with disturbing
scenes in which a secret society of vampires ruled the mortal
world from the shadows. Biltmore was compelled to tell
these stories, hoping that doing so would rid his troubled
mind of them. He had no idea that what he described was
real, and that he unwittingly threatened a dark and evil
Masquerade.

At first the reaction among the Welsh nobility was one
of disgust, and then suspicion, and finally fear. When
droughts began to claim whole farming communities,
Biltmore was accused of being a sorcerer and blamed for one
baron's misfortunes. As drought spread throughout the
countryside, fear amongst the nobility spread like wildfire.
Before Biltmore knew it, he was the most wanted man in
Wales.

He tried to flee to Europe, but was recognized and
captured bya peasant mob. Biltmore was beaten and starved
almost to death, but he managed to escape with the help of
amysterious Frenchman named Antoine Le Fanu. Together
they fled to France. Biltmore swore vengeance upon the
whole Welsh nobility and vowed to restore his good name.

While traveling through France, Biltmore resumed his
grim tales of vampires, the content of which began to

include names such as "Ventré
"Brouja." He told of a secret world hidden by a "Masquer-
ade" and how vampires walked the night, controlling the
breathing world. His bizarre tales caught the imagination of
some and drew derision from most, but he constituted
enough of a threat that Le Fanu chose to Embrace the
troubled bard before someone important took him seriously.
In 1642, Biltmore awoke as a sixth-generation Malkavian.

and "Tureaudier" and

The two Cainites spent more than a century traveling
Europe as wanderers and adventurers, practicing for their
conquest of Wales by hatching small schemes everywhere
they went. Consummate con men, they manipulated, tricked
and outwitted their way through Europe, gaining a reputa-
tion as mischievous rogues. They finally returned to Britain
in 1747, and Biltmore began preying upon the Welsh barons

and dukes. After more than 100 years of slowly turning the
nobility insane and seizing control from the Ventrue,
Biltmore usurped the princedom of Cardiff. He was eventu-
ally driven out, however, and he fled to Switzerland.

In Zurich, Biltmore met Pendragon and took an instant
dislike to him. Still, he decided that teaming up with
Pendragon might not be a bad idea, and he worked to get on
the Brujah's good side. Pendragon was planning a move to
America and trying to take a princedom there; Biltmore felt
it was a foolish idea, and again he and Pendragon were at
each other's throats.

Then a strange Nosferatu named Warwick arrived in
Zurich and convinced Biltmore to join him and Pendragon
in Operation Longbow. Biltmore was pleased to be part of a
plan he saw as designed to sacrifice the irritating Brujah to
the Sabbat, and in 1895 he landed in Boston with his brood.

Sire: Antoine Le Fanu

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1642 (born 1614)

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 5,

Intimidation 4, Intrigue 5, Leadership 4, Poetic Expression 4,

Scan 5, Singing 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Carousing 3, Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Ride 2,
Stealth 4

Knowledges: History 5, Kindred Lore 4, Linguistics 4,
Malkavian Time 3, Occult 2


Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dementation 3,
Dominate 5, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 6, Presence 3,
Thaumaturgy 4 (Movement of the Mind 3, Weather Con-
trol 3)

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 3, Influence 4, Re-
sources 5, Retainers 4, Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 8

Notes: Biltmore's Dementation Discipline allows him
to manipulate emotions and cause his victims to halluci-
nate. His sixth level of Obfuscate makes him impervious to
efforts to read his mind.

Image: Biltmore wears long, flowing black togas and
robes, and he has long, black hair that he keeps splayed out
ina wild jumble. His black eyes have a dark, sleepy look and
he always looks extremely pale, even after feeding. Smooth,
graceful movements are usually punctuated with quick,
decisive gestures. His voice is a deep, rich tenor that has a
velvety, almost hypnotic quality to it. He is the kind of
vampire to whom one could listen all night, and visiting
Toreador often do.

Roleplaying Hints: Never act surprised at anything.
Never get emotional over anything. Always act as though
you know something others don't. There is always some-
thing occupying your mad thoughts, and you often take a
long time to answer someone's questions or respond to her
comments. This drives Pendragon's Ambassador crazy, much
to your delight.

Haven: Basement of Symphony Hall in Boston

Regional Secrets: A-

Influence: Biltmore is the real power in Boston, con-
trolling King from behind the scenes. Through King's
Thralls, Biltmore's power extends throughout eastern Mas-
sachusetts. He is not aware that the Kindred of Liberty exist,
nor would he be likely to believe rumors of their existence.
He is secure in his belief that he has everything well in hand,
though he is seriously deluding himself in this regard.

Quentin King III, Prince of Boston

A police inspector in New York City, King was on the
trail of a murderer named Skarvan, who was suspected of
killing and eating a four-year-old girl. Just when King
thought he was about to capture the killer, he lost him. His
failure ate at him, little by little, until he became desperate
for justice. He raised a crowd of concerned citizens and
began an illegal manhunt for Skarvan.

In the meantime, Skarvan, an eighth-generation
Malkavian, had been watching the inspector from hiding.
Outraged that a mere mortal might endanger him, he
planned his revenge: to Embrace and torture King. The
Malkavian arranged a particularly brutal Embrace for King,
one akin to Sabbat ritual, in order to drive the inspector
insane.

Immediately after Embracing King, Skarvan thrust the
fledgling into a deep pit and covered him with alternating
layers of dirt, worms and pieces from the Kook's previous
victims. Skarvan crowned the pile with the blood of his
latest victim. King, frenzied and in shock from the Embrace,
clawed his way up through the layers. It took him more than
four hours. By the end of that time, his initial panic had
changed to horror, and then to anger.

As he reached the top, he greedily lapped up the blood
Skarvan had spilled and, giggling, began to suck on the
bloodless body parts. Skarvan, silently grinning from ear to
ear, slit open his own throat with a jagged claw and laid his
head on King's lap. As the fledgling committed his first act
of diablerie, he smiled to himself, thinking how clever he
had been to escape the pit. (See The Six Knights, below, for
more information on why Skarvan committed suicide.)

From the shadows of the shed emerged six vampires,
applauding King. They knelt before him and explained that
he was to knight them with Excalibur (their small butter
knife). King, confused and dizzy, took the knife and did so,
giving each a name: Sir Praxis, Sir Sine Qua Non, Sir Pro
Bono, Sir Sine Die, Sir Probus, and Sir Cum Laude.

The six Malkavians followed King to Boston, where,
with the aid of his knights, he became a leader. Baladin, the
Tremere prince, allowed King and his followers to stay in
Boston on the condition that they help fight the Sabbat.

King agreed. Soon, the Malkavians of the region saw
King as the new Arthur, the Kindred destined for the
prince's throne. His six knights asked for permission to be
Blood Bound to King and brought him new candidates for
knighthood, all of them Malkavian. Little by little, King's
mad army grew.

News of bloody raids on neighboring Sabbat havens
began to circulate. Mortal newspapers began to carry stories
of mysterious blood markings found on sheds and houses in
northern New England. One journalist even attempted to
connect the mysterious markings with the activities of six
inmates of Bridgewater State Asylum who had escaped and
disappeared a year earlier.

Baladin, of course, was watching this development. He
grew greatly displeased with Kingandhisso-called "knights."
He ordered King to stop the raids against the Sabbat. King,
angered at the prince's ungrateful and untimely demands,
stormed out of the chamber. Less than a week later, the
Kindred community heard of Baladin's death in the Boston
Chantry's library.

King, with the help of his knights, took the princedom
of Boston, easily defeating the weak competition that
emerged out of the ensuing chaos. Seeing himself as a
beacon of light and justice in these trying times, he made his
court a place where beauty and justice held sway. King soon
became popular among the Toreador, who still consider
him an ally and even accept his judgment on art.

Chapter Four:


Unfortunately, his focus on such matters distracted
him from affairs at home, and by 1895 the Sabbat problem
had grown to alarming proportions. King's attention shifted

from raiding Sabbat territories to preventing the Sabbat
from invading his own.

It was with much injured pride and some relief that
King accepted Biltmore's offer of aid. Asa result of Biltmore's
growing influence over the prince's decisions and activities,
King's status among the American Malkavians declined;
him as a British puppet.

they began to vi

Now, most Kindred aligned with the Americans dispar-
agingly refer to King as "the Brits' Arthur doll" and "that toy
soldier." King's Blood Bound prince-knights remain loyal to
him, but many other Cainites view him as a traitor. King
himself deeply resents the British presence in his own
princedom, but he is too impotent and frightened of Biltmore
to do anything about it.

Sire: Nathan Skarvan

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th (through diablerie)

Embrace: 1811 (born 1776)

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physic:

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Artistic Expression 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Intrigue 4, Leadership 4, Sense Deception 4,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Art Critic 5, Bribery 5, Firearms 3, Gambling 2,
Masquerade 4

Knowledges: Art History 4, Boston Knowledge 5,
Bureaucracy 3, Criminology 3, Investigation 4, Law 3,
Malkavian Time 3, Police Procedure 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Dominate 5, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 3, Potence 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 3, Influence 3, Resources 5,
Retainers 3, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Image: With his gelled, sandy hair and tall, broad
frame, King cuts an attractive figure. His long-lashed, hazel
eyes are strangely compelling. He has a square jaw, broad
shoulders, and appears in good health.

Roleplaying Hints: Stare at the players hypnotically. If
you're sitting, drum your fingers — not loudly, but as if it
were an unconscious habit. Stand very tall and straight, and
walk slowly, with an air of dignity. Act somber and never
show a sense of humor. When you speak, gather yourself
together as if you were at a formal debate, clear your throat,
and try to move the characters with inspiring oratory and
rhetoric. Remember, too, that you are the rightful king of
this great region.

Haven: King holds court in an abandoned 17th-cen-
tury house straight out of a Nathaniel Hawthorne novel,
complete with gambrel roof. He has numerous other havens
— too many to list.

Regional Secrets: B

Influence: Ever since his move to Boston, King has
gotten his hands into everything except the underworld and
the church. He has ties among the police, the judicial
system, the
sachusetts. Because of this, he functions as an extremely
effective pawn for Biltmore.

major corporations and the politicians in Mas-

He also has strong ties to the Toreador and has become
known for his insightful critical evaluations, which are
considered far better than the painting he does under the
pseudonym "Yealmis." Many Toreador would go to great
lengths to hear his praise, and his opinion is valued by
almost all.

The Six Knights

Institutionalized for various severe mental illnesses
long before being Embraced, these five men and one woman
found a precarious stability in each other. Until they met at
Bridgewater State Asylum, each had suffered from some
form of catatonia or solitary delusion. They soon became
fast companions, sharing a delusory medieval world of
dragons, kings and sorcerers which, by the mad workings of
their unbalanced minds, they created together.

Although this group delusion was a deeper and more
complex problem than had previously existed, it at least
gave them a limited ability to interact with the real world.
They saw their doctors as monks and Bridgewater as a
monastery where they were knights recovering from a

bloody quest.


One evening, a black knight came to the monastery
and ensorcelled them — at least, that is how they viewed
their Embrace. The knight, who called himself Skarvan,
took them far from the monastery. They traveled on en-
chanted steeds to New York City. There, the knight showed
them their new castle — an abandoned shack outside the
city — which, as his squires, they were to defend at all costs.

Every night they would rise from their earthen beds and
watch the black knight ride out to prepare the "Dragonfeast"
—the kidnapping, murder and exsanguination of a mortal.
The knight would return with a beast and its spawn (several
mortals) that he had killed in "deadly combat," and then
feed the neonate squires their blood.

At first the Six were content with this way of life. Their
lord provided for their needs and they in turn guarded his
demesnes — with their unlives should the occasion arise.
Gradually, however, they became disenchanted. No longer
did they wish to remain squires, for the time had come to
prove themselves in combat and become knights. Yet the
black knight would permit no such thing. They were to
remain at the castle and defend their sire.

Then came the fateful night when Sir Skarvan did not
return from his customary beast hunt. The Six waited, but
they were not to indulge in the Dragonfeast that evening, or
the next. Three evenings later, one of the Six suggested that
they quest for the missing knight, and that perhaps on the
way they would find adventure.

Their search, which extended no further than a neigh-
boring town, was fruitless, and they determined that while
they awaited the knight's return, they would practice the
lordly skill of beast-killing. The Six survived in this manner
until one evening, weeks later, Sir Skarvan, the black
knight, returned on his magnificent black stallion. With
him were a small child anda man of noble bearing and royal
features, both bound and gagged.

The Six withdrew into the shadows of the castle as the
black knight thundered into the dining hall, pushing the
child and man off his horse. Leaving them bound on the
cobblestones, the knight dismounted, strode to the back of
the hall and, with great magic (a shovel), created a deep well
that reached unto the core of the earth. Then he returned
tothe man. None of the Six had seen such a king before, and
all were curious as to why the noble had been tied and
gagged. The answer soon became clear: the black knight
meant to ensorcell the noble and make him his squire.

None of the Six approved: this noble was obviously the
knight's better, and already Sir Skarvan had six squires, five
more than all the other knights in the land. With the
realization that the knight had little honor and much greed,
part of the ensorcellment began to dissolve. Now the Six
saw themselves as slaves of Sir Skarvan and, more impor-
tantly, knew that the noble lying on the cobblestones was a
king, a lord of such might that he could dispel Sir Skarvan's
evil enchantments.

The black knight lifted the king high over his head and
carried him to the lip of the well even as the Six looked on.
Then, lowering him, he sank a set of long, sharp fangs deep
into the king's neck. The Six (themselves vampires, but not
realizing it) were shocked that the Knight they had served
was himself a beast. As if of one mind, they began to
concentrate on destroying the bestial Sir Skarvan in order
tosave the king. The black knight did not suspect anything,
for the Six's powers were subtle and very gradual, and at first
hisself-confidence proved ample armor against their attack.

Though the Six concentrated, the black knight contin-
ued to drain the king of his blood until the man slipped,
limp, to the very edge of the well. Skarvan, kneeling,
opened his wrist and allowed the king to drink — one sip,
perhaps two. With that, he pushed the king into the
bottomless well and the Six heard a scream echoing up from
its darkness. Their concentration broke.

The black knight stepped back from the lip, passing a
hand across his forehead as if something had momentarily
bothered him. By magic, the well was suddenly filled with all
the bits of beast that the black knight had ever brought for
the Dragonfeast. The Six, suddenly angered, again set
themselves to concentrating. With an audible chuckle, the
black knight carried the flaxen-haired child to the well,
killed her, and sprinkled her blood across the remains at the
top of the filled well. Then he sat at the edge of the pit as if
awaiting something.

And, indeed, hours later, something did happen. The
Six, sweating blood from the exertion of controlling the
black knight, found a chink in his defenses. At the same
time, the king, smiling and pale, miraculously clambered up
through the remains that filled the magic well and began to
feast on the child's blood. The Six silently ordered the black
knight to surrender to the king, and he did, laying his head
in the king's lap as meekly as a lamb.

When the king had feasted, the Six emerged from the
shadows of the hall and celebrated the "New Arthur" by
having him knight them beneath the druidic oak that grew
just outside the castle. Ever since then, they have followed
the king faithfully and have even become princes of the
various cities in Massachusetts under his beneficent reign.

Recently, however, the New Arthur has required the
knights to do as King Biltmore's pawns (read: Redcoats)
demand. Why their own king would have them make
obeisance to the petty demands of an evil king's pawns, they
do not know, but they are beginning to fear that their once-
glorious ruler is now under an ensorcellment of a most vile
nature. While they staunchly refuse to disobey Quentin
King, the knights strongly resent the presence of these
courtiers and find their demands humiliating. Their current
disposition is to find out who has cast the ensorcellment
over their king and then to slay him or her.

The following are general Traits for all six knights.
Storytellers should feel free to individualize them in any way
they like.

Chapter Four:


Sire: Nathan Skarvan
Nature: Conformist/Child

Demeanor: Cavalier

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1810

Apparent Age: varied (20s and 30s, but one is 13)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Sense Deception 1

Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Politics 1

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Group Discipline 2,
Obfuscate 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 2, Influence 2, Resources 3,
Retainers 3, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 6

Notes: The Six poss
through their common state of delusion. It allows

ss a special group Discipline
ach of

them always to know what the other five are feeling and to
get a general idea of the others' wishes and fears. It also
allows them to focus their wills and thereby control their
enemies. As long as one of them can see the target, and all
the knights are in agreement as to what they want the target
to do, they can force anyone to their collective will. Each
knight contributes as many points of Willpower as he wants,
and each point equals one die in the Pool. The Six roll
's Willpower, and must accumulate 10

inst the targe
successes. If successful, they can command anyone, even
vampires of lower generation. Ifa botch occurs, all accumu-
lated successes are lost and the Six must start again from
scratch; the difficulty of such a repeated attempt is one
higher.

s in their early 30s,
two other females and one male are in their 20s, and one boy
is 13.

Roleplaying Hints: While you are an individual, you

Image: Two of the knights are mz

share a delusion with the other five. In it, you are a noble
y to match. Throw "thou" and "thy"
h, act cordially but demand respect,
and be chivalrous at all times.

lord and act in aw

around in your spee

Haven: Each of the six knights has an individual
haven.

Regional Secrets: C+ (on average)

Influence: King keeps the honored knight, Sir Cum
Laude, with him in Boston at all times to act as his advisor.
On each of the other knights, he has bestowed rulership of
one of five cities: Sir Praxis rules Worcester; Sir Sine Qua
Non rules New Bedford; Sit Pro Bono, Gloucester; Sir Sine
Die, Lowell; and Sir Probus, Quincy.

Effie Feng

Effie Feng is one of the worst nightmares of the British

— a vengeful fanatic, intelligent, intimidating and com-
pletely nuts. Fortunately for her, the British Malkavians do
not know she exists. The American Malkavians in the KOL
have supported her rise to the KOL Primogen, but have kept
her presence in the area a secret, believing she is a tool best
used in the dark.

What the KOL fail to real
American nor a Malkavian, but a ronin Gaki (Oriental
Undead) whose oath to her daimyo has been repudiated.
She has moved to Boston to seek vengeance on those British

is that Feng is neither an

who deceived her years ago into betraying her daimyo.
Her goal is to defeat the British by returning New
England to the hands of its rightful owners, the Americans.
Such a victory would not only restore her honor and status
in China, but would serve as a warning to the British of
China's plan to oust its English rulers from Hong Kong and
destroy
Feng's tactics in so doing are subtle; she uses the KOL, she

ny Occidental Kindred that stand in the way.

believes, to route the British.
The other members of the KOL Primogen tolerate her
efforts to dominate the group for four reasons: because she

acts so blatantly anti-British; because she occasionally pro-
vides them with an accurate prediction of the next British
maneuver; because she has so much backing in the heavily
Malkavian city of Boston; and because she has earned the

reputation of a very powerful and unbalanced individual.

Feng fits the Western notion of the Malkavian so
accurately that, although she has kept her Gaki heritage a
secret, she has never needed to lie on this point. When her
sire repudiated her, she developed an overwhelming need to
wreak vengeance upon those who caused her loss of status.
This need for vengeance functions as her Derangement.


Sire: Sun Tai T'ung

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1784 (born 1759)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 2, Seduction 3,
Sense Deception 3

Skills: Acrobatics 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2,
Meditation 2, Melee 5

Knowledges: Boston Knowledge 3, Computer 1, Engi-
neering 2, Hong Kong Knowledge 3, Linguistics 2,
Mathematics 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 1, Dominate 4, Obfus-
cate 2, Presence 2, Rift 5

Backgrounds: Herd 1, Resources 2, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 9

Notes: While anyone who remains in proximity to her
realizes she is a raving fanatic, Feng has periods of frighten-
ing lucidity during which she resembles a prophetess or a
seer. When she lapses back into her usual madness, she is
stricken with a redoubled sense of the horror of her own
existence. In game terms, just after she exercises her sixth-
level Auspex power (Prediction), she must entera meditative
state in order to confront her own inner demons. Feng's Rift
Discipline represents her ability to control horrible night-
mares that spring from her feelings of anguish, guilt, fear and

self-loathing. These hellish nightmares are so potent that
they manifest as actual dimensional rifts into which others
can be dragged.

Level One allows her to communicate mentally with
others. Level Two allows Effie to force others to glimpse her
nightmares for a moment, possibly inducing Rétschreck in
the victim. Level Three allows her to leave the physical
world for a short time and enter the dimensional rift of her
nightmares. Level Four allows her to bring other, non-
personal, items into her dimensional rift with her and to stay
as long as she wishes. Level Five allows Feng to use the
nightmare realm asa means of travel (disappearing from one
location in the physical world and reappearing in another).
This Discipline and the Gaki are described in A World of
Darkness.

Another unique feature of the Oriental vampires is the
fact that they may endure sunlight, provided it is at twilight
or the day is heavily overcast, and provided they are entirely
clothed. Feng reveals this power to no one.

Image: Well under five feet tall, Feng is nonetheless
very attractive in a vampiric sense. Her skin is bone-white;
her hair long, black and silky; her eyes large and deep brown;
and her lips blood red. Once an Asian noble, she still bears
herself regally, yet she can play the seductress with the most
innocent, alluring look. She favors loose robes of black silk
intricately embroidered with red and silver dragons.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak perfect English — too per-
fect. Act unpredictable, with sharp, deft movements, and
always bring the conversation back to the British invasion.
Single out a character and menacingly ask him how he feels
about the British. If he's foolish enough to admit he's not
sure or that he supports them, narrow your eyes at him and,
later, send an assassin after him.

Haven: Apartment in the basement of a liquor store in
Boston's Chinatown

Regional Secrets: B-

Influence: Because she intimidates a number of the
anarchs, if not some of the KOL Primogen themselves, Effie
Feng has some measure of control over the street gangs in
Boston. Pug Jackson feels that those gangs are his and thus
takes an active interest in seeing the Malkavian
disempowered; however, he dares not challenge her di-
rectly. As a member of the KOL Primogen, Feng also
influences the actions of the American resistance group.

Nosferatu

Most, but not all, Nosferatu in New England are mem-
bers of Warwick's Web. Because the Web extends across
New England and even beyond, however, a tremendous
amount of autonomy is accorded to the Nosferatu elders in
charge. The freedoms accorded each District Overseer
allow for a great deal of independence, and it is not unusual
for one of these elders to begin pursuing his own plans while
serving Warwick.

Chapter Four:


Little escapes the Strand Masters, however, and even
the secret schemes of District Overseers become part of
Warwick's intelligence effort. So long as these ambitious
Nosferatu remain dedicated to their primary task and do not
work against the Triad's aims, Warwick is content to let
them play. Recently, however, communication with the
Montpelier District of the Vermont Strand was lost, and
attempts to learn what has happened there have resulted in
more missing Nosferatu. Warwick has made reestablishing
communications with the Montpelier District a top prior-
ity.

Warwick

During the 1580s, Stanford Warwick was a sailor on
one of Queen Elizabeth's many privateer ships. He and his
fellow sailors landed at Portsmouth after plundering one of
King Philip's convoys, and he expected to spend a rousing
week in port carousing.

However, as Warwick drunkenly wandered the wharves,
something large and foul-smelling attacked him. At first he
struggled, but there was a sharp pain in his neck, and then
he felt warm and giddy, like he'd had two gallons of sack.
Then he passed out, and never knew he'd lost every drop of
his blood until a searing, white-hot agony ripped through
his body and soul, wrenching him back from oblivion.

Powell, Southeastern Strand Master and District Over-
seer of Portsmouth, England, had Embraced the sailor.
Trajan was desperate to extend the Web deep into Scotland
in an effort to monitor and influence the rising Toreador
presence there, and he charged his Strand Masters with the
task of Embracing new progeny to fill the gaps that would
result from the shifting north of more experienced agents.

Warwick was indoctrinated in the ways of the Nos
clan and climbed the ranks of Trajan's Web. He w
aware that a Methuselah was in charge, though he realized
it took a great deal of power to lord over all the Strand
Masters, many of whom were elders. He excelled at learning

feratu

never

the locations of Kindred havens, infiltrating them, and
memorizing everything he saw and heard.

In time Warwick became a Vein, a deep infiltration
agent assigned the most difficult and dangerous operations
in the Web. He was a perfectionist, and it paid off in ever-
increasing responsibility.

After nearly three centuries of service to the Web,
Warwick received a summons to meet with an elder who
awed even his Strand Master. That elder was the Methuselah
Trajan, who gave him the task of setting up a new branch of
the Web in New England. He also ordered Warwick to make
use of two other elders in his plans: Biltmore and Pendragon.
Warwick hatched Operation Longbow and managed to
persuade the Malkavian and the Brujah to participate. After
satisfying a few minor objections from Pendragon — result-
ing in the Zurich Accords — the Triad was officially formed
launched.

and Operation Longbow \

Warwick found that the New England Nosferatu were
not unlike his British brothers, remaining out of sight and
never participating in the events on the surface. The
Nosferatu of New England found Warwick disturbing, but
he quickly gained the support of the leading clan member:
and soon most of the area's Nosferatu were learning the way
of the Web.

By the time Biltmore landed in Boston and Pendragon
in Concord, Warwick had extended the Web to cover those
territories. In general, Warwick is aware of everything that
happens in New England, and many things that happen in
New England are actually orchestrated by him through the
judicious release of key information to the proper people.

Two disturbing events have Warwick concerned:
Pendragon's loss at Bloods Brook in the early stages of
Operation Longbow, and the sudden loss of communication
with the Montpelier District in Vermont. Evidence seems
to suggest that the Sabbat forces that gathered at Bloods
Brook were warned in advance of Pendragon's assault, but
within

no one has turned up any evidence of betrays
Pendragon's ranks. The mystery surrounding the presumed
leak has been nagging at Warwick for some time, even to the
point where he has begun to suspect some of his own agents.
Adding to his worries is the fact that the Vermont Strand
has fallen silent and that all attempts to determine what has
happened there have thus far failed.

Sire: Powell

Nature: Perfectionist

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1584 (born 1556)

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 4


Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 3, Intrigue 5, Leadership 6, Scan 6, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Boat Handling 4, Drive 2, Firearms 2, Interroga-
tion 5, Melee 3, Stealth 5, Swimming 2

Knowledges: Kindred Lore 3, Linguistics 4, Occult 1,
History 4, Rhode Island Knowledge 5, Sewer Lore 1

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 5, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 5, Potence 6

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 4, Re-
sources 4, Retainers 2, Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Image: Warwick usually wears a black London Fog
overcoat and black gloves. Even though he is a Nosferatu,
he has an air of dignity and acts as though he is proud of

where he is and how he got there. Chances are good, in fact,
that he has actually come to believe some of his own
thetoric- regarding his'clan's great destiny.

Roleplaying Hints: You are an expert spy and can
recall with complete accuracy anything you have ever seen

or heard. No detail escapes your eye and nothing is ever

forgotten. Act as though you know everyone's dirty s

rets

keep everyone wondering just how much you know about
them; and never let the lack of information stop you from
leading others to think you are omniscient. Sit smug,
confident, and tight-lipped.

Haven: An abandoned mansion in Providence, Rhode
Island

Regional Secrets: A-

Influence: Warwick controls the Web in New

gland, at least insofar as Trajan permits it. Warwick has
performed well in the past and has so far proved quite up to
all of Rhode Island, and as
such he is more powerful than a single prince would be.

Kurt Densch

Densch developed his positive qualities from his d

the task here. Warwick control

a member of Berlin's Polizei in the early 1900s, when the

public actually valued loyalty, trustworthiness and honesty

in its public servants. In 1911, however, Densch learned

how cultural ideals do not necessarily match social realities.
Asa political favor, the chief had chosen to assign all
his available men to guard the police superintendent's

parade float one day. As Densch later discovered,

psy-
chotic whose case he had been following had held his wife
and eight-year-old daughter hostage for over seven hours
before murdering them, and Densch's chief had opted to
ignore their call.

When Densch discovered the truth of what had hap-
pened, he resigned from the force. Trained to revere
authority, he would never willingly have reported his supe-
tiors — and, even if he had, there was no hard evidence to
prove that the murders had been anything but a simple
mistake. Both the superintendent and the chief were se-

cretly pleased to see Densch leave the force with his tail

between his legs, for it meant that he would not seek
retribution.

Gradually, during the period just after his resignation,
Densch's savings dwindled and he fell to drinking. Densch
finally decided to leave Germany, and he stowed away for
America, where opportunities for honest, hard-working
men were said to abound.

Even after he arrived in New York, Densch's drinking
problem did not abate, and he found himself wandering
nd. Ambling along the dark, rain-
sodden banks of the Providence River one night, Densch

north through New

adows of

saw five men attacking a smaller man under the
an old bridge. Drunk and depressed though he was, he could
not stand and watch a defenseless man beaten. The servant
of justice in him recoiled from inaction, and he ran to defend
the victim

The five attackers turned on Densch. Understanding
little of what his attackers were shouting, he saw the small
man slip away into the darkness, abandoning him to the five
hostile Americans. Minutes later, bruised and beaten, Densch
fell unconscious.

When he awoke, he was lying ina cold, dark room near
aguttering fire. He sensed that someone else was in the room

and, indeed, someone was: his future sire. Warwick re-

mained seated in the dark and, in German, commanded
Densch to shut his eyes and stay quiet. The Embrace was
agonizing but brief, and through it all Densch remained
staunchly silent

Warwick supported him as much as was his wont during
the metamorphosis, explaining to Densch how his actions
in saving Warwick's favorite ghoul earned Densch the gift

of immortality. Over the course of 80 years, the two have

become close friends and allies. Warwick has entrusted

Chapter Four: The Kindred 53


Densch with Strand Mastery of the Home Strand — a
position of great responsibility and power—and never once
has Densch used the position to benefit anyone but Warwick.

In the early years of his mastery, Densch encountered
many Nosferatu who hoped to join the Web; the most
intriguing of them wasa Yugoslavian named Jara Drory. She
awakened feelings in him that he never would have believed
possible after his wife's death, and he ardently desired to
cultivate a deeper relationship with her.

So far Densch has been too shy to say anything and,
besides, his Strand Mastery requires constant attention.
Still, he harbors a deep love for Drory, which he fears she
does not return. Until he can be sure she loves him, he will
not disclose his feelings to her. Densch guards the fact of his
love for Drory even more closely than the secrets of the
Web.

Sire: Warwick

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1913 (born 1870)

Apparent Age: 40s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Scan 3, Search 3,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Fast Draw 3, Firearms 3,
Interrogation 2, Melee 2, Police Procedure 3, Security 3,
Stealth 3, Throwing 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 1, Criminol-
ogy 4, Investigation 5, Kindred Lore 2, Law 2, Linguistics 1,
Sewer Lore 3

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 3, Fortitude 1, Ob-
fuscate 4, Potence 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Mentor 5

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 2

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 6

Image: Densch is a six-foot-five Nosferatu who stands
rigidly and speaks in a low voice. Densch projects a consid-
erable physical presence and an air of uncompromising
reliability. His expression betrays a hint of sadness, although
anyone unused to seeing Nosferatu would miss this alto-
gether, shocked at his gruesome features. Densch favors
dark, formal clothes that fit loosely for comfort.

Roleplaying Hints: Sit or walk stiffly and act formally
with everyone. You are a loyal, tragic figure who is difficult
to get to know, but who, at base, has a good heart. Still, duty
is your be-all and end-all, and nothing can get in its way.

Haven: Basement of an apartment complex in Provi-
dence, Rhode Island

Regional Secrets: B+

Influence: Until a few decades ago, Densch's entire
immortal life was dedicated to maintaining Warwick's Web.
Densch has a great deal of influence over who among the
Kindred sees and hears what, and which information (and
misinformation) he passes outside the circle of Warwick's
most trusted Nosferatu. He does not, however, employ any

Web information for his own ends.

Jara Drory
A native of Vis, a small fishing village on an island off
the coast of Yugoslavia, Jara Drory came to Boston in 1841.
Her former life asa prostitute had ended 40 y
after her Embrace by an especially horrid Nosferatu. Fleeing
her sire, she found Boston to be a city of intense loneliness.
Afraid of being seen, she found havens in the
infested alleys near the wharves and in the dank, shallow

ars previously,

ate

sewers running just beneath Boston's cobblestone side-
walks. In 1859, lonely for companionship, she created a
ghoul whom she later Embraced without the permission of
the prince.

Less than 40 years later, during the initial phase of
Operation Longbow, Drory began to notice that new Kin-
dred were drifting into Boston in small groups. When a
number of Nosferatu entered the tunnels under the city, she
avoided them. For years she played a cat-and-mouse game
with the new Nosfe
tunnels to stay hidden. Still, it took only one mistake for her
to be revi

u, using her superior knowledge of the

aled, and that mistake resulted in an appointment

with Densch in Rhode Island, as the new Kindred were
British Nosferatu seeking to establish the Web in New
England.


Densch explained the nature of the Web to Drory, and
she found that she liked the idea of a Nosferatu network —
especially because it could provide protection should her
sire pursue her. After a long period of observation, Densch
formally welcomed Drory as an agent of the Web.

During her lengthy initiation, Drory had begun to feel
something for Densch, something she had never known as
aprostitute in Vis. He seemed honest, forward, trustworthy
... and sad. Despite her hard exterior, she knew she shared
some of these traits with him. After a while, she knew that
she loved him.

Because the American Kindred had known her as an
inhabitant of Boston long before Longbow took effect, she
was in a prime position to become a Vein, keeping an ear to
the policies of the American resistance groups for Densch.
By 1897, Drory had infiltrated the KOL, expressing enough
interest in fighting Massachusetts' Redcoats and Pendragon's
northern forces to make herself eligible to join the KOL's
primogen. Not knowing that she was a spy for Warwick, the
other members of the primogen welcomed the insight and
(mis)information that Drory, as a Nosferatu, fed them.

Of the primogen, only the Toreador Elsa Linden does
not respect Drory's power. Linden and Drory bicker and
quarrel constantly during KOL meetings, often leading the
other members to exclude one or the other save during
emergencies.

Of late, Drory is attempting to stifle her natural con-
tempt for Elsa Linden's bratty, ill-concealed hauteur, for she
realizes that she is missing out on vital intelligence by not
being invited to certain meetings. She continues to look
forward to the day when she and Densch will be united in
a Blood Bond, even as she jealously guards her feelings
toward the mysterious German Nosferatu.

Sire: Petra

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1801 (born 1763)

Apparent Age: Hard to tell: late 30s?

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Leadership 3, Scan 2, Scrounging 1,
Search 4, Seduction 2, Sense Deception 2, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Bribery 3, First Aid 2, Gambling 1, Haggling 4,
Ride 1

Knowledges: Investigation 4, Kindred Lore 3, Linguis-
tics 1, Massachusetts Knowledge 3, Sewer Lore 5

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 3, Obfuscate 5,
Potence 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 7

Image: With a rubbery, bulbous nose, triple chin, and
pendulous earlobes, Jara (pronounced Yah-rah) Drory is
ugly indeed. She has huge eyes that dart about in their
wrinkled sockets. Her scalp is thick-skinned, with brown,
nickel-sized warts and flaking skin; she tries to hide it by
wearing a red bandanna. She sportsa large gold hoop earring
in one ear, and wears nondescript clothing that falls loosely
about her paunch and creates the impression that she is
wearing a trashbag with boots.

Roleplaying Hints: Be frank and critical of others;
never fail to tell them what you think, all the time believing
that youare only doing this for their own good. Scratch your
underarms a good deal, dart your eyes about, and mutter
throatily unless you're speaking to a group. If the latter,
speak loudly in English with an occasional Serbo-Croatian
accent (imitate the accent of Martina Navratilova, or
failing that, just do your best KGB agent impression).

Haven: A secret hideaway deep in Boston's sewer
system

Regional Secrets: B

Influence: As a member of the KOL Primogen, Drory
influences the actions of the American resistance group.
She is also a vein in Warwick's Web, and feeds the KOL
misinformation when it is in Warwick's interest; she fre-
quently does so unknowingly, for the Web rarely divulges
the whole truth, even to its own operatives. She is neither
pro- nor anti-British, and is perfectly capable of misinform-
ing the KOL if she finds it necessary; by the same token, she
is also perfectly capable of revealing British secrets if that
will serve Nosferatu ends.

Toreador

The center of Toreador activity in New England is
Provincetown, Massachusetts, where Elsa Linden moved
her coterie of artistes from Middlebury, Vermont in 1896.
Poseurs from Boston appear now and then, attempting to
insinuate themselves into Linden's exclusive clique, but so
far they have all returned to Boston disappointed and
disgusted. Relations with Toreador from Boston and else-
where have been strained by this attitude, and asa result the
clan presence remains fragmented and weak.

Linden has kept a low enough profile that the Triad has
nearly ignored her altogether, and this is exactly how she
prefers it. She is currently involved with the Kindred of
Liberty, though she has deliberately lied about the strength
of her domain so that no one would think of asking her for
any substantial help — she really does not want to be
bothered. Her Elysium is all that matters to her, and every-
thing else is unimportant.

Chapter Four:

Recently, disturbing rumors of Sabbat agents and Setites
lurking in the Cape Cod area have worried Linden, and she
as come to regard all strangers with cold suspicion.

Elsa Linden

Were it not for the fact that Elsa Linden was a woman,
the world would have heard of her talent as a composer, a
talent rivaling that of Verdi or Schumann. Instead, word of
her genius spread only as far as the salons that her parents
held. It was during one such salon that Linden attracted the
attention of a stranger her parents had invited as a favor to

a distant cousin. That stranger, Annabelle Triabell, was
touring the Americas with Maria, her sire. When she
discovered Linden, she felt it a crime to waste her precious
musical gift.

Linden's parents soon entrusted their daughter to the
Toreador's keeping. Together, Triabell, Maria and Linden
traveled northward, stopping to admire the artistic centers
of New England. After several more years of travel in and
around New England, Triabell Embraced Linden, and the
neonate discovered that it was her elders' intention to
continue west to Chicago. Linden would not go; she was a
New Englander born and raised, and she disliked the notion
of abandoning the region to travel toa completely unfamil-
iar environment. Linden's hesitation struck Triabell
favorably, for, after 40 years, she was no longer infatuated
with Linden's talent, and was instead beginning to feel
jealousy. She helped her progeny become established and
then left with Maria, all but forgetting the young composer.

In 1890, Elsa Linden assumed the princedom of
Manchester, Vermont, which meant little, given that no
other Kindred lived there. Linden's influence immediately
pervaded the rich town, transforming it from asleepy village
into a small but thriving artistic center. Linden became the
town's linchpin, providing a focus for mortal gossip, admi-
ration and envy and, in so doing, giving the town a cohesive
identity.

During the five years between Linden's establishment
as Prince of Manchester and the invasion of the British
Kindred, the town's identity as an artistic community grew
stronger. In 1895, however, two things happened. First, the
Lupines became an encroaching menace, pressing in on the
community from the Green Mountain National Forest and
the forests west of Springfield. Second, the Sabbat and the
British began to fight over the territory of Vermont, making
unlife near any center of vitae dangerous.

Linden knew that she was outnumbered and out-
classed, so in 1896 she fled south into Massachusetts. By
1902, Linden had established an artists' colony in
Provincetown, on the easternmost tip of Cape Cod. Though
she did not advertise her presence there, neither did she go
unnoticed by the Triad.

When they first wrested control from the Americans,
the British Malkavians in Boston ignored Linden and the
few progeny she created, for they felt that the Toreador

posed no immediate threat to Operation Longbow. In the
early years of Biltmore's reign over Boston, however, he
arranged the destruction of a Eugéne Delacroix exhibit
Linden was under contract to protect.

When Linden discovered that Biltmore had destroyed
the priceless Delacroix, she flew into a frenzy, destroying
two of her own privately owned Monets in the process. As
a result of Biltmore's actions, Linden lost her good reputa-
tion overseas with the French Toreador who owned the
Delacroix, and also earned the undying contempt of a large
group of Toreador within her own community. She will
never forgive Biltmore for his role in the incident and acts
against him via the Kindred of Liberty. Because the British
know of Linden's fury, they now keep a peripheral watch on
the Provincetown Kindred to ensure that they cause no
mischief.

Despite Linden's problems with the British, she has
remained on good terms with Quentin King. She finds his
archaic manners and delusions charming, and in fact intro-
duced him to Toreador society. He has become a popular
figure among the Toreador, and Linden has taken
tage of their friendship to plant a number of Toreador in
Boston. These Toreador are, of course, members of the
Kindred of Liberty.

van-

When Linden is not involved in the colonial struggle,
she has her hands full trying to stave off the troublesome
anarchs who have begun filtering onto the Cape. Most
recently, she has heard rumors of the presence of a number
of Setites and the strange disappearance of the gang of
Ravnos that once caused seasonal disturbances in the re-
gion. She does not know why the Ravnos have disappeared
although she does not regret the loss — but is gravely

concerned about the rumored presence of Setites and has
issued standing orders to capture any strange Kindred dis-
covered in her territory.


Additionally, Linden frequently clashes with Jara Drory
at KOL meetings. Drory sees Linden as a spoiled brat who
laps upattentionas vampires drink blood. Certainly, Linden's
joie de vivre demeanor, gallant nature and wittily cutting
remarks only serve to reinforce Drory's impression, but, at
thesame time, Drory is rather outspoken and crass about her
opinions and thus does not easily smooth over any interclan
disputes.

Sire: Annabelle Triabell

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1791 (born 1767)

Apparent Age: 24

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 6

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 1, Artistic Expression 5,
Diplomacy 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Intrigue 4, Leadership 4,
Seduction 3, Singing 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Dancing 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Firearms 1,
Masquerade 3, Music 6, Style 3

Knowledges: Art History 1, Kindred Lore 2, Linguis-
tics 3, Literature 1

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Chimerstry 2, Domi-
nate 4, Presence 6

Backgrounds: Fame | (under pseudonym), Herd 2,
Resources 4, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: Linden's sixth level of Presence can cause
others to fall in love with her, making them feel as they
would were she their Regnant. Her Chimerstry Discipline
lets her create minor, immobile illusions. Almost no one
knows of her ability with this Ravnos Discipline, for she
mainly uses it for her own amusement.

Image: Linden hearkens from Austrian stock; rich,
strawberry-blond hair cascades down her back to frame her
chiseled features, and thick, dark lashes often hide her
ravishing violet eyes. Her classical beauty enhances the
simple but alluring dresses she wears.

Roleplaying Hints: When at Kindred functions, bear
yourself in the manner of a witty socialite, discreetly calling
as much attention to yourself as you possibly can. Use others
to herald your accomplishments and to escort you into the
spotlight. In more personal situations, if those with whom
you converse are of lower station, act distant, verging on
ennui. Only expend your wit on those whose attentions are
worthwhile (those of power equal to or greater than your
own).

Haven: Linden dwells in a large house on the outskirts
of Provincetown, Massachusetts, the interior of which is
exquisitely designed and furnished like a ship's cabin.

Regional Secrets: B-

Influence: The people of Provincetown know Linden
under her pseudonym, Roger Drake, as one of the premier
composers of the day, and her pieces are always performed
in the "P'town" Chamber Music Series during the months
of June through October. On Cape Cod, she is a well-
respected, though rarely seen, member of the musical élite.
She often travels incognito to the many New England music
festivals, and she maintains some influence over her old
domain of Manchester, Vermont.

Provincetown has assumed the character of its Torea-
dor prince; it is rich in the arts, particularly in crafts and
theater. More specifically, Elsa's Herd of mortal musicians
elicit her advice on their musical compositions and artwork
(and fawn at her feet). The politicians who maintain the
town's image as a vintage artists' colony can only articulate

Elsa's presence as "the P'town spirit of creativity."

Tremere

In the 17th and 18th centuries, the Tremere clan
influenced all of New England, but today it is but a gaunt
shadow of what it once was. This descent did not happen all
atonce; instead its control eroded over time, mostly because
of the encroachment of the Sabbat from the north and west.
Some Tremere elders believe that at least one of the promi-
nent witch covens worked in alliance with the Sabbat to
overthrow the Tremere, though few can agree on which of
the three major covens is most to blame. The loss of status
suffered by the entire clan is a deep wound that still festers
today.

Operating primarily from a chantry in Hartford, Con-
necticut, the Tremere have been in constant competition
with the Ventrue for pre-eminence in the state and have
been quick to exploit any opportunities. Thus, when the
Prince of New Haven and Hartford came to them fora boon
in the early 1900s, they willingly consented. Wisely, they
have not yet called the Ventrue's debt due and, conse-
quently, keep the dominant clan on its toes politically.

Within the Hartford Chantry itself, prestige is highly
sought, and competition within the upper echelons of the
hierarchy is so fierce that more Tremere are lost to infight-
ing than to clashes with the Sabbat. This is largely because
of the fact that John Reiss, despite his understanding de-
meanor, jealously guards his position and makes it impossible
for his Apprentices to advance. Whenever an Apprentice
appears close to learning a new Mystery, she is exchanged
for another of lower ability.

Chapter Four:

John Reiss

In the late 1700s, John Reiss was an established physi-
cian as well as a dabbler in alchemy and the occult. He lived
to learn as much as he could about what he considered the
"medical" field. Because a great deal of experimental work
in medicine and theory was then being done in Austria,
Reiss decided to take an active part in it. Besides, Reiss
recognized the signs of war; not wanting to be involved in
it, he relished the prospect of leaving America.

In 1777, acolleague introduced Reiss to Johann Kaspar,
who had been a student of Friedrich Anton Mesmer and was
experimenting with hypnotism and magic. Reiss and Kaspar,
sharing common interests, became fast companions. Reiss
pored over Kaspar's books and articles on the occult at every
opportunity. After months of deep camaraderie, when he
could be sure of Reiss' sincere interest in magic, Kaspar
revealed to the doctor that he was a vampire, and offered to
Embrace Reiss. Reiss, offered immortality and occult powers
beyond his wildest dreams, could hardly resist. In January of
1778, Kaspar Embraced him.

In the meantime, his sire had lost favor with the clan.
The Tremere leaders ordered Kaspar to give up his childe
and sent Reiss back to New England with orders to clean up
the problems there. In 1832, Reiss took over the Hartford
Chantry, despite the fact that older, more powerful Tremere
were present. Since then, the number of Tremere in Hart-
ford has grown to 10, including those who fled Massachusetts
in 1831.

However effortless his ascent to head of the chantry
nevertheless experienced great difficulties
later in his reign. In the early years of Warwick's covert rule

seemed, Reis

over southern New England, a number of misfortunes oc-
curred.

First, Georgia Rowlands, the Ventrue prince who pre-
ceded Upton Rowlands, mysteriously disappeared. Reiss
had been laboring for decades to put the prince under his
control through covert Blood Bond. She disappeared while
only one draught away from the Bond, and Upton Rowlands
swiftly moved in to replace her. To make matters worse, the
Tremere operatives to whom he had assigned the task of
Bonding the prince also disappeared.

The second disaster had farther-reaching implications.
A rumor that Reiss' chantry (and perhaps Reiss himself) was
on the verge of establishing independence from its Austrian
wellspring reached the Council in Vienna. Shortly thereaf-
ter, whispers of an archon spotted near Hartford reached
Reiss' ears, and he discovered that he had somehow lost
prestige. He contacted the Council and tried to debunk the
rumor, but they refused all communication. Since that time,
Reiss' Clan Prestige (particularly in Vienna) has suffered.

Conversely, Reiss' current high status among the Kin-
dred of Connecticut is the result of a timely request from the
Ventrue Upton Rowlands, Prince of Hartford and New

Haven, which allowed Reiss to invoke the treacherous give-
and-take of prestation (see Upton Rowlands for more
information).

When Reiss discovered that Warwick's Web was re-
sponsible for manufacturing the evidence of his "rebellion"
and transmitting it to the Austrian Tremere, he vowed
revenge. To this end, he joined Upton Rowlands' Gemini
League.

Since the early 1900s, the Hartford Chantry has be-
come one of the most prominent groups in Connecticut,
with Reiss as Vice-President of the Gemini League. Reiss
works with the League only so long as its actions benefit the
chantry and himself. Nevertheless, recent intelligence has
reported that Warwick was somehow personally involved in
the events that concluded with Kaspar's humiliation. His
sire was also his friend, and Reiss thus wants to know the
precise nature of Warwick's involvement in the scheme. To
this end, he remains deeply interested in increasing the
scope of the Gemini League's scanty spy network.

In the meantime, new troubles have arisen: Zachariah
Slane, amember of his chantry, has gone rogue, jeopardizing
Reiss' status as Regent. Reiss is allocating considerable
resources toward tracking down Slane and eliminating him
before the rest of Kindred New England learns of this
extremely embarrassing situation.

Moreover, Reiss is certain that, should it find out, the
Web will use this information to its advantage by ensuring
that word of Slane's departure reaches the Council of
zing the great likelihood of his own replace-

Seven. Real
ment, Reiss is moving with desperate haste to forestall this
rumor.

Sire: Johann Kaspar

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Confidant


Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1778 (born 1730)
Apparent Age: Late 40s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 2, Intrigue 3, Sense Deception 2
Skills: Carousing 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Melee 1,
Herbalism 2, Ps is 2, Research 3
Knowledges: Alchemy 2, Hartford Knowledge 3, Kin-
dred Lore 2, Linguistics 4, Medicine 4, Occult 5, Science 2

hoanal

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 4, Fortitude 1, Nec-
romancy 3, Presence 2, Thaumaturgy 6 (Paths: Weather
Control 5, Movement of the Mind 3, Path of Conjuring 3)

Rituals: Wake with Morning's Freshness, Defense of
the Sacred Haven, Deflection of Wooden Doom, Donning
the Mask of Shadows, Ward vs. Ghoul, Ward vs. Lupine,
Ward vs. Kindred, Splinter Servant, One Mind of the
Covens, Stone Slumber, Ritual of Holding and anything
else the Storyteller desires.

Backgrounds: Herd 2, Mentor 3, Resources 4, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 2

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 8

Notes: Reiss' training in Necromancy allows him to
summon and control the spirits of the dead.

Image: A gaunt man in his late 40s, Reiss has thin, dark
brown hair and a receding hairline. He wears a mustache, a
goatee, and wire-rimmed glasses. He looks vaguely ascetic
and unhappy, and he favors sports jackets, wearing his ties
loosely knotted about his neck.

Roleplaying Hints: Blink and nod a lot to signal that
you understand what the characters are saying and are
impatiently awaiting their point — you're a step ahead of
them. When you speak, make it brief, even terse, unless you
are trying to persuade them of something — then your
speaking manner becomes quite eloquent and you sound
learned.

Haven: Hartford Chantry, Hartford

Regional Secrets: B-

Influence: A boon performed for the prince and the
New Haven Ventrue less than 100 years ago affords Reiss
and his chantry a certain amount of influence over Upton
Rowlands. Also, as vice-president of the Gemini League,
Reiss controlsa large portion of Connecticut's economy and
influences the financial decisions of the League's Council.

Ventrue

The Ventrue hold dominion over Connecticut, or so
they believe. Rowlands, although in other ways an effective
leader, is susceptible to Warwick's subtle manipulation and
often finds himself wasting money or time trying to counter

some insignificant scheme that Warwick has hatched to
divert him. He has, however, resisted using the Web.
Indeed, Rowlands believes the Web to be part of a con-
spiracy aimed at keeping the Camarilla divided so that the
Sabbat can more easily take over.

He formed the Gemini League for this reason. The
League spends an inordinate amount of time trying to exert
as much influence as it can over the rest of New England.
The Malkavians in Massachusetts seem oblivious to what is
happening to the north and south of them, and the Con-
necticut Ventrue believe it is a waste of time to court them.
The Sabbat menace in the north makes communication
with the scattered Camarilla Kindred there almost impos-
sible. Thus (in Rowlands' mind at least), the Gemini League
stands alone in its struggle to determine what happened to
the Ventrue princes in Rhode Island.

Upton Rowlands

Benton Rowlands was born into a family of political
high rollers. In 1800, he became Mayor of New Haven and
amember of Yale's prestigious Board of Trustees. Rowlands
now poses as his own descendant, having taken the name
"Upton" instead of his birth name "Benton," and is a
member of some of the town's most influential political
groups.

On the eve of his 57th birthday, his long-lost Aunt
Georgia returned and Embraced him. Rowlands rapidly
adapted to his new life. Some said he had become a recluse
in his later years; others said he had turned eccentric like his
old aunt. Nevertheless, Rowlands still attended nighttime
meetings of Yale's Board of Trustees and other political
groups.

Aftera few years, he realized that he could not maintain
his charade forever, and he began to find Retainers who
would be his arms and legs in the mortal world. Georgia, still
keeping Rowlands under her tutelage, had retired to Hart-
ford, where she had created progeny and built a princedom.

Throughout the 1800s, Rowlands increased his politi-
cal influence among mortals, and, being the only Cainite in
New Havenat the time, he met little resistance. By 1895, he
had sired a small brood and had assumed the princedom of
New Haven.

It was in the first decade of the 1900s that the news of
Georgia's disappearance reached Rowlands. Worse yet, he
discovered that her other progeny had also disappeared. He
was suspicious of Reiss' chantry in Hartford, but could prove
nothing. He knew Georgia's disappearance left a void in
Hartford that Reiss and his apprentices would quickly fill.
Acting preemptively, he moved in and took over the
princedom of Hartford before word of his aunt's disappear-
ance reached the Tremere.

When he heard of the Triad's invasion, he incorrectly
concluded that the Giovanni had invaded southern New
England, killed his sire, and formed an intricate spy network
called the Web. Afraid that the Giovanni would next

Chapter Four:

attempt to seize control of New Haven and Hartford, he
founded the Gemini League, a Ventrue resistance group
opposed to the use of the Web in any capacity.

For three years, the Gemini League staved off the
incomprehensibly successful agents of what Rowlands
thought was Clan Giovanni, but the agents ultimately got
the upper hand by purchasing prime waterfront property
near New Haven Harbor. During the following months, it
seemed as if the purchasing power that the "Giovanni"
exhibited would never flounder. In a desperate bid for
control of the state, Rowlands sank millions of dollars into
poor real-estate investments that ruined the state's economy
— precisely as the mastermind Warwick had planned.

Rowlands did not yet realize that, as his part in the
English invasion, Warwick had engineered these subtle
schemes to weaken the state's entrenched Ventrue — nor
did he realize that the Web was entirely Warwick's creation,
and that it had nothing to do with the Giovanni. Indeed,
the Web had manufactured the misinformation that impli-
cated the Giovanni.

When Rowlands discovered that the "Giovanni" had
forced his hand, he realized that he had to turn to an
unwelcome source of aid — the Tremere. John Reiss, eager
to procure such a large debt of prestation from Rowlands,
willingly offered assistance. With support from the Tremere,
the Gemini League was reborn into its present form:
Rowlands as President; John Reiss as Vice-President; and,
beneath them, the Council, which controls the operations
of arelatively small-time spy ring (comparable to the Web).

Rowlands is now aware of Warwick and his Nosferatu
Web, albeit vaguely. He feels certain that the British killed
his sire almost 100 years ago, but he has no hard evidence.
He is also uncomfortably familiar with the fact that the
British have taken over northern and middle New England.

Nevertheless, his Gemini League still fights the Web, and
the League's numbers have grown since the invasion.

Sire: Georgia Rowlands

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1826 (born 1769)

Apparent Age: Late 50s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Diplomacy 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Intrigue 4, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Bribery 3, Carousing 3, Dancing 1, Debate 4,
Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Hunting 1, Public Speaking 2, Style 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Connecticut Knowledge 4,
Finance 2, Kindred Lore 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dominate 5, Forti-
tude 3, Potence 3, Presence 3, Thaumaturgy 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Herd 2, Influence 3, Resources 5,
Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 2
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 7

Image: A fastidiously dressed and carefully groomed

man in his late 50s, Rowlands could not be mistaken for
anything but a politician. He has silver hair and ice-blue
eyes, and wears impeccably tailored suits.

Roleplaying Hint:
and dignified, when in reality you are only old and dignified.
Relax in your chair, steeple your fingers and look at the

characters through hooded eyes, making sure they see up

You perceive yourself as old, wise

your nostrils in the process. Use your Presence freely. You
only feed on young men.

Haven: Mansion near Yale's campus, not far from New
Haven Green

Regional Secrets: B-

Influence: As Prince of New Haven and Hartford and
president of the Gemini League, Upton Rowlands' influ-
ence is, unfortunately for anyone affected by his financial
decisions, extensive. He is also on Yale University's Board
of Trustees and is President of the New Haven Colony
Historical Society, having donated a number of his own
possessions purchased as antiques when he was yet mortal.

The Sabbat

A much-feared element in the struggle for dominance
over New England is the northern Sabbat, particularly
those packs belonging to the Crimson Tide. Situated in
northern New England, the Tide comprises many indi-
vidual packs. Two of the most prominent packs are Skelton's
Rangers in Portland, Maine, and Mowgli's Order in Mont-
pelier, Vermont.


The Sabbat dominates all of Maine and Vermont, parts
of New Hampshire, and isolated areas of Massachusetts.
Even Pendragon must remain constantly vigilant in order to
prevent the sect from taking his domain. Not content with
the area it now spans, the Sabbat plans to overtake all of
Massachusetts and then to move south through Rhode
Island and Connecticut, conquering and ruling there as
well.

Jeremy Skelton

Skelton is of Abenaki Indian heritage, but he grew up
an orphan along the seedy wharves of European-controlled
Portland, Maine. Originally settled in 1633, Portland was
since destroyed four times, and Skelton lived through each
destruction. In 1690, when Skelton was 24, he joined a
group of French and Indian invaders to destroy and loot the
city.

The raids of 1676 and 1690 were instigated by an
ambitious group of French Sabbat who had been operating
in Quebec for the past 29 years and had only recently set
their sights on the territory of Maine. Around this time, the
French created anumberof Indian Sabbat, including Skelton.
Most of these neonates were destroyed in the raids or in the
British bombardment of Portland; Skelton, however, sur-
vived.

Between 1702 and 1790, Skelton's unlife changed
greatly. Because his sire was a powerful, seventh-generation
French Sabbat, many other Sabbat feared him. Skelton
cherished his newfound power and used it to bully others
into submission. Of the three Indian Sabbat who survived
the British bombardment of 1790, two became Skelton's
loyal followers and eventually became the two most power-
ful Sabbat within Skelton's Rangers. The third escaped
north into French territory. At approximately the same
time, a mysterious explosion near the wharves of Portland
destroyed his old pack, freeing Skelton to do as he pleased.

In 1793, he formed Skelton's Rangers in response to a
new threat: a British Sabbat named Sprenger. Sprenger
created new Sabbat through whom he intended to domi-
nate Maine and New Hampshire. Skelton, in turn, countered
Sprenger's production of cannon fodder by Embracing a
number of rebellious Maine youths.

Sprenger attempted to Blood Bond Skelton. Believing
himself successful, Sprenger traveled south to attend to
further business. The Vinculum was weak, however, and
when the news reached Skelton that a Salem Tremere
named Coventry had murdered Sprenger, he immediately
set upon Sprenger's brood and destroyed them, retaking
Portland in January of 1794.

By 1830, he had led the Sabbat to complete control of
Maine, partial domination over New Hampshire, and had
begun threatening Boston. Then, in 1895, two new threats
arose: Pendragon in Skelton's own territory and Biltmore in
Boston. Skelton, enraged, formed the Crimson Tide to
resist the invasion of the British Camarilla, withdrew into

northern New England, and fought in Maine (with great
success) and New Hampshire (with less success).

In 1896, Pendragon planted his headquarters in Con-
cord, New Hampshire. That town has since been entirely
unbreachable. The same year, Skelton recruited another
Sabbat group operating out of western New Hampshire,
Mowgli's Order, into the Crimson Tide. In return, Skelton
aided the Order in one of the fiercest battles of Kindred New
England's history: the Battle of Bloods Brook at Lebanon
(see Mowgli).

Since the early 1900s, Skelton has been engaged in
continual battle with Pendragon's forces. What Skelton
does not realize is that the Methuselah Dark Selina, still in
torpor in Switzerland, is using him as one of her tools,
bending his thoughts and influencing his actions. She is in
the process of evaluating which tool —Skelton or Pendragon
— will be of most use in her plan to establish herself as ruler
of Kindred and kine alike.

Clan: Brujah antitribu

Sire: Marcel DeBreau (deceased)

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1702 (born 1665)

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 5,
Leadership 4, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Fire Walking 3,
Gambling 3, Interrogation 2, Lockpicking 2, Melee 5,
Pickpocket 2, Stealth 3, Torture 2

Knowledges: New England Knowledge 3, Occult 4,
Politics 3, Sabbat Lore 2

Chapter Four: The Kindred 61

lines: Animalism 1, Auspex 2, Celerity 5, Domi-
nate 2, Fortitude 4, Obtenebration 1, Potence 3, Presence 5,
Protean 3, Thaumaturgy 2 (Lure of Flames 2)

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Retainers 2, Resources 1, Sabbat
Status 2

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 4, Morale 5

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Power and the Inner
Voice 7

Willpower: 8

Image: Skelton has the sculpted features of an
Amerindian. His skin is a rich golden-brown and his long
black hair is worn in a ponytail. His frame is compact, his
muscles lithe, and he stands 511" tall. A tattoo of a raven
grasping a snake in its talons adorns his neck and he wears
an earring through one nostril.

Roleplaying Hints: Act incredibly arrogant. In most
circumstances, you hardly need to toss your weight around,
for your Presence intimidates all those around you. Should
someone actually work up the courage to challenge you,
intimidate, bully or threaten him. If that doesn't work, kill
him. Also, remember that you come from a very patriarchal
background; women are, at best, playthings, and they pose
no significant threat to any real man. Ifa "modern" woman
challenges you, have her tortured for her insubordination.

Haven: Various in Maine and New Hampshire

Regional Secrets: B

Influence: Skelton leads his Rangers, one of the two
largest Sabbat gangs in New England. He controls Maine,
most of New Hampshire, and remote parts of Massachusetts.
He uses most of these resources against Pendragon, whom
he despises, thinking of him as a puppet of the British
Camarilla. Skelton also controls the American Sabbat
resistance group, the Crimson Tide. He isan effective leader
who is admired (and feared) by everyone in his organization.

Mowgli

In the short years of his mortal life, Mowgli was an
orphan in a coal-mining town near Scranton, Pennsylva-
nia. His only means of support was to tell the mines' owners
that he was working to help support his mother and sisters.
The miners called him Boy, for they had no imagination,
and Mowgli came to despise the appellation.

The Change came in 1830, when he was in the mines.
A crazed Sabbat Gangrel Embraced him in the dark under-
world. When she had finished, she let the boy loose, and
Mowgli fled. Dawn taught him a harsh lesson, and he ran,
burning, back into the deep mine shafts. The next few days
were Mowgli's most difficult, as he learned to feed on
solitary miners, heal his burns and deal with the frustration,
anger, and loneliness that the Embrace had caused in him.
Yet he survived, and soon began to refocus his attentions on
ridding the world of his monstrous sire.

He convinced the miners that a rich coal vein ran
through the caverns that served as his sire's haven. After
two days of blasting, Mowgli ventured into the tunnel

system to see what remained of his sire. He found her
crushed and lying in torpor beneath tons of rubble. In a
sudden fury he committed diablerie upon her, becoming a
10th-generation vampire.

Mowgli felt no guilt about the dark act, yet the mines
held bad memories for him, and he could no longer live
among the mortals who had known him before the Change.
He set off eastward and encountered a Sabbat pack on the
hunt for new recruits. Thinking it a great jest, the Sabbat
vampires initiated the boy into the sect and took him to
New York City to see how well a mere 11-year-old could
perform for them. They taught him the Disciplines and
instructed him in the ways of the Sabbat. Mowgli remained
under their tutelage for more than 60 years, and matured
into a fierce, wild and entirely nasty young vampire.

Following the death of a number of his packmates
during the Sabbat Civil War, he moved to New Hampshire,
gathering Gangrel who were likely candidates for initiation
into his own pack. They called him Mowgli, after Rudyard
Kipling's popular character, for when he used his Protean
Discipline, he often howled at the moon like a wolf. Liking
it far more than "Boy," he adopted it and named his group
Mowsgli's Order.

Soon he learned that a British elder named Pendragon,
a member of the hated Camarilla, had conquered the rest of
New Hampshire and was moving west toward Vermont.
With the Order, Mowgli took Pendragon's men unawares;
before dealing the final blow, he lined them along a wall, on
their knees, and forced them to sign (in their own blood) a
document that gave Vermont to him and his pack.

He spared the least of the survivors to present the
document to Pendragon, and then set fire to the rest of the
British prisoners. When Pendragon received the document,
he was furious that such a petty faction would dare insult


him in this manner, and he immediately called upon Sirque
tocrush the rebels using as much force as might be required.

It was not long before two related events occurred.
First, rumors of greatly increased British activity in eastern
New Hampshire reached Mowgli's ears, and he knew that
Pendragon was preparing for a bloody counterstrike. Sec-
ond, a Brujah messenger from another new Sabbat group in
Maine appeared before Mowgli. He was attempting to
recruit Mowgli's Order into the Crimson Tide. By joining,
Mowgli would gain the support of other Sabbat groups in the
area, and, with that additional aid, he was certain to prevail
over Pendragon's fresh invaders.

The Gangrel accepted the messenger's offer. The bloody
fight that ensued, pitting Skelton's Rangers (the Brujah
group) and Mowgli's Order against Pendragon's fighting
élite, constituted one of Kindred New England's bloodiest
battles: the Battle of Bloods Brook at Lebanon. Some of
those who staggered back alive were reported to have seen
blood bubbling from the bed of a wide stream near Lebanon,
New Hampshire, the center of conflict. To this day, that
body of water is known as Bloods Brook.

Atthe same time the Battle of Bloods Brook took place,
the Lupines were carrying on a territorial feud in the White
Mountains National Forest, a range that stretched north
along the New Hampshire-Vermont border. Pendragon
dispatched seven of his best remaining fighters to penetrate
the forest border, enter Vermont through the interstices of
the Sabbat's defenses, and attack the sect from behind.
None of the seven were ever heard from again. The Lupines
unwittingly served the Sabbat in defending Vermont, and
the Sabbat profited from the werewolves' presence by taking
the state.

Pendragon's forces, with more than half dead or cap-
tured, retreated to Concord, New Hampshire, where they
rallied in defense of the one territory they continued to
hold. Skelton's Rangers followed them east and continued
the battle while Mowgli's Order dealt with the Sabbat's
unfortunate prisoners.

Since then, Mowgli's Order has grown to be one of the
largest Sabbat groups in northern New England. It is less
cohesive than Skelton's Rangers, but far more fierce and
merciless. Only Gangrel capable of transforming into wolves
(Protean 4) are permitted as members, and some say the
fighting methods Mowgli's Order uses — in effect, allowing
the Beast to surface and take control —are modeled directly
on those of the Lupines.

Of late, rumor has it that Mowgli has even entered a
dark pact with one of the Lupine factions in northern New
Hampshire, but rumors are easily spread and their purposes
myriad. What is certain is that Mowgli's Order is firmly
entrenched in Vermont and is testing Pendragon's New

Hampshire territory little by little. Pendragon has called an
ongoing Blood Hunt against Mowgli, but thus far has not
even succeeded in glimpsing the elusive Sabbat.

Clan: Gangrel antitribu

Sire: Unknown (deceased)

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1830 (born 1819)

Apparent Age: 11

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Intimidation 5,
Leadership 4, Scrounging 2, Streetwise 4

Skills: Coal Mining 2, Firearms 4, Fire Walking 5,
Melee 4, Stealth 5, Throwing 3

Knowledges: Kindred Lore 2, New England Knowl-
edge 3, Occult 2

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Celerity 4, Fortitude 5,
Obfuscate 2, Obtenebration 4, Protean 5, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 3, Herd 1

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 3, Morale 5

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 6

Willpower: 8

Image: Mowgli seems deceptively innocent. Physi-
cally, he looks like an 11-year-old: he is about four fee:
has long, soft, black hair and huge, liquid brown e
appears frail and somewhat skinny under his jeans a
oversized flannel shirt. Yet he usually carries an Uzi at his
side or hidden within something else he is carrying — and
his appearance totally contradicts his personality.

Roleplaying Hints: The events of the Sabbat Civil
War left you wanting little to do with other Kindred, but
your hatred of the British stirs you out of your natural
apathy. Act nasty — you're independent, and you've got it
in for everyone except your followers. If anyone is British,
kill her; ifanyone has seen a Brit and not killed him, kill her
— she's obviously allied with the Brits if she doesn't do
anything about them. Think of an 11-year-old member of
the IRA, and you have Mowgli.

Haven: Wherever he feels safe

Regional Secrets: B-

Influence: Mowgli has contacts among the mortal
underworld of northern New England, but his most influen-
tial tool is his band of seven Gangrel, Mowgli's Order.
Together, they wreak bloody havoc along Pendragon's
forces in the Vermont/New Hampshire region.

Chapter Four:



common names, from kindred blood, from similar privile

My hold of the colonies is the close affection which grows from

es, and

equal protection. These are ties which, though light as air, are as

strong as links of iron

"Identity Crisis" revolves around a rogue Tremere who
draws the characters into the nightmare of his past as they
try to help him regain his identity. He has managed to tangle
he characters will prob-

himself in just about everything
ably discover only some of the truth, and understand even
less. If nothing else, the players should finish this story with
the realization that there is a lot going on in New England,
and that choosing between good and evil, right and wrong,
and justice and oppression is a Herculean task.

Theme

"Identity Crisis" functions as a very specific instance of
Dark Colony's overall themes: the issues of loyalty and the
ambiguity of identity. Throughout the story, the characters
face decisions concerning the side with which they choose
all. The

number of choices available is substantial; the characters

to align — if they wish to side with anyone at

may wish to side with the British or the Americans, the
elders or the anarchs, the Camarilla or the Sabbat, the

mund Burke, "Speech on Conciliation with America"

all of which

Kindred of Liberty or the Gemini League
have their flaws. Players may wish to examine their charac-

ters' motives to determine a likely choice.

The characters must also decide whether to assist the
inysterious underdog Slane. The final revelation that Slane
is only out for his own ends may prompt thoughtful players
to reexamine many of their assumptions about identity and

about good and evil

Mood

The mood of

"Identity Crisis" is a combination of
madness and eerie mystery. The disorientation of the amne-
siac Slane and the New England Kindred's manic search for
him create this admixture. Certain scenes can be used to
enhance this mood: the flashback scene in the last chapter,
followed by the lonely howling of a Lupine pack; the
lowering of the Veils of Kirophet when the characters near
the witch coven; the constant glittering and watchful eyes
of the witches' ravens — and, in contrast, the bullying

Book Two: Identity Crisis


temperament of the British Redcoats in the prologue. The
mood in "Identity Crisis" should create a distinct sense of
tension and, at its finale, terror and uncertainty.

What Is Really Going On

To understand the background behind this story, it is
best to view past events from the perspective of the focal
character, Zachariah Slane. Slane is a rogue Tremere from

the Hartford Chantry, bitter overhis clan's unwillingness to
let him rebuild the Boston Chantry. Slane passionately

believes that the only way the clan can regain the promi-

nence it once held in New England is to establish a new
nd its

Boston Chantry and take control of the city sur-
rounding towns.
Slane has devoted his unlife to this endeavor. His

immediate superiors, however, do not agree with him. For
them, the Boston Chantry is a piece of Tremere history best
left dead. Slane, of course, interprets thisas fear on their part
— fear of his ambition and fear of repeating past failures.
When the Triad invaded, much of the work Slane put
into building political clout within the Hartford Chantry
was rendered moot. It was one thing to work unnoticed
amidst the chaos and confusion of the war with the Sabbat.
Itwa
watchful eye of the invaders.

another thing altogether to build a chantry under the

Still, Slane did not completely abandon his project.

Instead, he began to gather information about the nature

and che

acter of the British leaders. He believed Pendragon
was the vampire most likely to control all New England if
the Sabbat could be defeated. Slane waited for the right
opportunity to make a di
would both assist in the defeat of the Sabbe

al with Pendragon, one which

and earn Slane

a return favor.

Slane saw his chance this winter, when he learned that
the Cloven Hoof Coven had somehow acquired
Akhempotet's Scroll, which contained ritual for summon-
ing and controlling a spirit of the Nephandi, known to
Garou as a Nexus Crawler.

If Slane could get the scroll from the coven and sum-
mon the spirit, he would have a potent weapon to use
against the Sabbat — one that could not be traced to him.

He could then make a deal with Pendragon to trade his
services (and the power of the spirit) for the right to build

a Tremere chantry in Boston.

ane sent his proposal to Pendragon through interme-

diaries. The British lord insisted in dealing with Slane
personally. Slane met with Pendragon in Concord and they
came to an agreement. Slane would perform the ritual and
begin special operations against the Sabbat. In return,
Pendragon promised to give Slane the princedom of Boston

and the right to rebuild the Boston Chantry.

Pendragon also insisted on Blood Bonding Slane in
order to ensure that the Nexus Crawler would not be used
against him. Slane adamantly refused and almost walked
out on Pendragon, but the fiery Brujah backed down and
agreed to Slane's terms.

Slane was quite pleased with himself, but what he did
not know was that he had not actually met Pendragon. He
on's right-hand man, Sirque, who

had instead met Pendra;

was posingas his sire via Obfuscate. Sirque knew Pendragon
would never agree to give Boston to a Tremere (and indeed
would have eliminated Slane if he had discovered the
Tremere's presence in New Hampshire). Instead of passing
Slane's message on to his boss, Sirque sent word to Slane to

meet with him and eventually the two worked out their
"deal." Slane does not realize that he is being used as a tool

nst the very man for whom he thought he was working.

Slane's first step was to acquire the scroll. In Salem, he
met with contacts in the occult underworld who told him
about Klaus Van Dorn, a member of the Cloven Hoof

Coven who might be able to help him. He also learned that

Van Dorn wrote books on the occult, and he became curious

as to just how much real knowledge Van Dorn might have
divulged in his books.

While passing through Cambridge, Slane stopped at
Twilight Books, asmall New Age bookstore, and purchased
one of Van Dorn's books, The Witchcraft of Salem. Van

ven in the back of the book, so Sle

Dorn's address was

ne

decided to pose as a fan wanting the book autographed.

Slane met with the warlock in the mortal's Manchester

home, and after an hour of intense talk they came to an
agreement. Van Dorn agreed to steal the scroll from his
coven in return for becoming Slane's ghoul. Slane agreed to
make Van Dorn his ghoul and arranged to meet him the

next night at the Hillside Mortuary.

At the mortuary, Van Dorn gave Slane the scroll and
Slane repaid the warlock by killing him and cremating his
body. His next stop was the summoning site — an old,
abandoned mansion on the outskirts of Montpelier, Ver-
mont, where the scroll said the restless spirit was imprisoned.

The creaky old mansion, however, did not remain
abandoned for long. Several college fraternity pledg
rived for a weekend-long initiation — a good thing for
Slane
In the course of the weekend, Slane killed all the college

ar-

as the summoning required several blood sacrifices.

students and summoned the spirit.
SI
that the Nexus Crawler would require more potent blood

jane never completed the ritual. He had not known
once summoned, and it attacked him, hungry for his Kin-
dred vitae. Slane flew into Rétschreck and fled in the only
direction he could — back to Concord, with the Nexus
Crawler in hot pursuit.


As he fled, Slane stumbled upon a small group of
Lupines who had come to investigate the strange events at
Silverbrook. The Nexus Crawler, following on Slane''s heels,
killed all but one of the Lupines, and Slane used this
distraction to escape.

Simultaneously, Sirque's élite scouts, sent to Montpe-
lier to monitor Slane, followed him as he fled. When Slane
finally reached Concord, Sirque's scouts caught up with him
and accosted him. Confused and off balance, Slane fought
them off and continued to flee, this time south into Massa-
chusetts, looking for refuge in Boston.

Unfortunately for Slane, however, Sirque had sent
word to Biltmore asking for help in apprehending Slane. He
told the British lord that Slane had attacked his men and
had to be extradited back to Concord for proper punish-
ment. Of course, Biltmore was suspicious that Pendragor

lieutenant would go so far as to ask anyone for help, and
dispatched his Redcoats to find Slane.

As dawn approached, Slane found a haven among the
homeless and collapsed in a tunnel under the Prudential
Center. The mystical trauma of the aborted ritual (and
subsequent attack by the spirit), combined with the psy-
chological trauma of the Rétschreck, overwhelmed Slane's
exhausted mind and he awoke the next night afflicted with
a severe case of amnesia

He could not remember who he was orany of the events
at Silverbrook Manor. He wandered through Boston, hop-
ing to find something that would spur his memory, but he
was soon set upon by Biltmore's Redcoats. This set him
running again. (It is at this point that he meets the charac-

ters in the first scene.)

Slane's aborted attempt to summon and control the
powerful spirit has caused a severe disruption in Warwicl
Web. Some of the Web's Nosferatu had lived under the
manor, attracted by its magical nature. The Nexus Crawler

slew them all. Italso consumed the Nosferatu agents sent to
investigate, and Warwick is seriously concerned.

The following is a list of the factions interested in
apprehending Slane:

Warwick's Web (Nosferatu)

Sirque (British Brujah)

Cloven Hoof Coven (Witches)

Biltmore's Redcoats (British Malkavians)

Hartford Chantry (American Tremere)

Wendigo tribe (Lupines)

The interaction between Slane, the characters, and
Biltmore's Redcoats will likely draw the attention of the
Kindred of Liberty. If that faction becomes involved, Elsa
Linden (American Toreador) could become a player and
Jara Drory (Nosferatu) will likely work on behalf of the
Web. Other factions that could conceivably get involved
are:

Other witch covens. If raven spies for the Order of the
Golden Dawn or the Twisted Horn Coven observe the
presence of Cloven Hoof members in Boston, either or both
might get involved just to discover what is going on.

Vv
Tremere leaving for Boston, they may follow. If they were to
learn that the Hartford Chantry was tracking down a rogue
ger to "do the Hartford

entrue. If the Hartford Ventrue notice a coterie of

clan member, they would be quite
Tremere a favor," by apprehending the miscreant for them.
A political coup like this may be too irresistible for the
Ventrue to ignore.

Book Two: Identity Cris

Prologue

In this scene, the characters are in Boston, frequenting

Bottoms Up, a nightclub popular with younger Kindred,
when five Redcoats enter. The Redcoats begin harassing
the bar's patrons, roughing up anyone who shrinks from
their attention.

Quentin King has given the troops permission to patrol
Boston's bars and nightclubs and to deal with Americans as
they see fit — as long as the Masquerade is not threatened.
The bar in question is a frequent subject of Redcoat atten-
tion, for its owner, a Brujah named Jude Franken, is rumored
to be a member of the Kindred of Liberty.

Kindred of various political affiliations regularly visit
Franken's bar. Some merely feed there, but others conduct
business the British consider subversive. Members of the
KOL make up the bulk of these, but members of the Crimson
Tide and the Gemini League have also visited.

The Triad occasionally sends spies to the area's Rack to
keep tabson Boston's immortal population. Ifthe characters
return to Jude's place in the future, they have a good chance
of encountering a spy in the employ of one of the British
leaders. In this scene, however, there is little need for spies,
as the Redcoats themselves enter.

Franken herself has a no-nonsense personality and
enjoys rankling the British. Still, she is but a 10th-genera-
tion Brujah with a support staff of only one ghoul, and thus
has little say as to who enters her bar and for what reason.

Thus, to all appearances, she takes the blows like a trooper,

recognizing or suspecting that the Camarilla either ap-

proves of or condones Redcoat behavior in her bar. (Of

course, she is rumored to have publicly laughed at turn-the-
cheek philosophies, instead supporting guerrilla tactics.)

The Plot

As the characters enter the bar, have them notice afew
silent individuals seated at the periphery in dark booths,
tracking the bar's patrons a bit too intently. When the
characters seat themselves, have Jude's ghoul, Shari, wan-
der over to them, tray in hand. She projects a hard image,
but if the characters seem friendly or courteous, and as long
as they do not have British accents, she will become "bud-
dies" with them, laughing and joking crudely, if briefly (after
all, she has a job to do)

Shari has a working-class Boston accent (t's become
ah's). She immediately recognizes the characters as vam-

pires. As part of the Masquerade, she asks Kindred patrons
if they would like anything, despite the fact that they never
order. Kindred regulars tip her anyway, as she is part of what
attracts kine to this feeding ground.

Chewing her gum loudly, she give the characters a
crooked smile and says, "Hi. You're new heeah. Wha'd you
like for stahtahs?" When and if the characters say they do not
want anything, simply act as if you expected the response,
give them a wink, and walk away.

Shari knows very little about Jude's status within Kin-
dred society. Should the characters decide to question her,
she can tell them that Jude owns Bottoms Up but does not
visit it often; that the bar is a popular hangout for different
types of vampires; and that, on occasion, a gang of nasty
Kindred with British accents (the Redcoats) crash the
place. If Shari tells them the latter, it would be particularly
dramatic to have the Redcoats enter at that moment.

Dark Colony


The Redcoats Arrive

In any case, shortly after the characters are settled, five

mean-looking Kindred swagger through the door. Four are
male, clad in black leather trenchcoats; the other, a woman,
is dressed in the starched Mozartian finery of the late 1700s

with a black beauty mark penciled onto her cheek and,
incongruously, a white, spiked mohawk

The four males come to a halt behind the woman, who
stops and slowly raises her arm to point at Shari. Shari
freezes in her tracks, still carrying a tray littered with shot
glasses and wet napkins. The four file around their leader
and, with inhuman speed, one grabs Shari by her apron
before she can run. He knocks the tray from her hand into
the lap of amortal seated nearby, who scowlsand rises to face
the Redcoat.

Suddenly, all eyes are on the Redcoats, and the atmo-
sphere in the bar becomes tense. With a British accent, the
woman in Mozartian clothes says, "Ah, Shari, so nice to see
you again." She gestures to one of the Redcoats, who heaves
Shari across the room. Shari crashes against the bar, break-
ing several dozen glasses.

The mortal, a husky biker who reeks of Jack Daniels,
grabs the Redcoat's collar and says, "Hey, pal, that's not how
we treat women around here." The Redcoat looks at him with
a bemused smite, his eyebrows raised, and says, "Oh, no?"
The biker's face flushes in anger as he releases the Redcoat's
collar and swings at his face. The Redcoat catches his wrist,

shrugs, and breaks it. He hurls the mortal, who is howling in
pain and fear, to the comer of the room where Shari is now
trying to recover, and the biker lands on her leg, breaking it.

It is up to the players to decide what their characters
will do. They may act in one of several obvious ways: by not
getting involved at all, by siding against the British, by
siding with the British, or by trying to negotiate with both
sides.

If the characters attempt to leave, have one of the
Redcoats notice them sneaking away and start picking on
them, saying things like, "Where you blokes going so fast?
What? You don't like us?" The Redcoats are very willing to
fight and will probably win, unless the characters are numer-
ous or powerful enough to beat five ancilla intent on
beating the bejeebers out of any Americans present. If the
Redcoats' behavior angers the characters and they decide to
fight, again, the Redcoats are most willing to oblige them.
This is a particularly powerful Redcoat band; treat all its
members as Lieutenants (see the appendix).

On the other hand, should the characters side with the
Redcoats for some reason (some characters may be British,
or they may calculate that their best chance to avoid being
mauled is to aid the Redcoats), they will have found very
powerful — if somewhat suspicious — allies. Of course, if
they win the favor of the Redcoats, they will also have
gained the enmity of most American Kindred.

ook Two: Identity Cri


The fourth option, negotiation, will not work. The

Redcoats may answer some questions, but they are there to

brawl and nothing will deter them.

By the end of the ensuing brawl — when the characters
hear the approaching wail of police sirens — one or two
mortals should be slumped, bleeding, in the corner of the
room; the intelligent ones cleared out much earlier.

The Redcoats also have one or two Kindred in custody,
whom they plan to take back to Quentin King for question-
ing and (probably) release with a strict warning. These
"innocents" may even be player characters if you wish to
spend time on an encounter with the insane King. At any
rate, the characters should have formed some definite
opinions about the British, although the most likely reac-
This

ene of

tions will range from resentment to hatred and outrag:

reaction sets up and gives context to the first real s
the story that follows.

Helping the Redcoats

If the characters assist the Redcoats during the brawl,

Amanda, the Redcoats' leader, thanks the characters and

asks them to come with her and answer some of their
questions. The police are seconds away from the bar, giving
a sense of urgency to the characters' decision.

If the characters decide to accompany the Redcoats,
they congregate in an alley not far from the bar. When the
characters arrive, Amanda and one male Redcoat are not
there, but one of the remaining three greets them and asks
why they chose to help. Once the characters have re-
sponded satisfactorily, he quickly relates to them the fact
that there is a dangerous Kindred on the loose whom the
prince wants for questioning.

The Redcoats des
(see the description of Zachariah Slane at the end of this
section), adding that rumor places him in the Boston area,

ribe the vampire to the characters

fleeing from New Hampshire or Vermont. If the characters
encounter him, they are to capture him and bring him to
Amanda at the Back Bay Pub near Boston Harbor. If she is
not there, they are to leave a note as to where and when they

may be contacted and, in the meantime, keep the vampire
under lock and key. The Redcoats give the characters a final
ning that the vampire is dangerous and must not be

trusted under any circumstances, thank them again for the

assistance and depart.

If the characters' responses do not satisfy them, the
Redcoats either rough them upa bit or simply leave without
another word. If this happens, the Redcoats (these or
others) will tail the characters for the rest of the time they
are in Boston (trying to determine if the characters are
worth recruiting or if they should just be considered Ameri-

can anarchs

and beaten up).

If the Redcoats tail them, go to the section, "Recruit-
ment," below. Jude Franken will not trust them enough to
offer them membership in the KOL, but she knows that they

are being tailed and thinks that this is strange. She believes
the characters may make useful double agents.

Should the characters succeed in finding Slane, captur-
ing him, and bringing him to the Back Bay Pub before the
rest of the adventure is underway, they have a 40 percent

chance of finding Amanda there (roll a die; she is there on

a four or less).

If she is present, she will have her Redcoats (the same
as those in Bottoms Up) take Slane into a back room,
promising the characters a reward (give the characte

reward as you sce fit — nothing too big). See the "Charac-
ters Help the Redcoats" section in Scene One to determine
what will happen to Slane.

On the other hand, if Amanda isnot present when they
arrive with their prisoner, the characters may leave a note
for her with the manager or bartender. Slane, in the mean-
time, will be shouting invectives at the characters and

constantly trying to escape. After the characters have
waited a good five hours, the Redcoats will arrive at their
door to take Slane, and they will reward the characters for

their pains (in a way to be determined by the Storyteller).

Setting

Bottoms Up may be located anywhere in Boston or

cters

Cambridge; its location is not important. If the chars
tend toward the more refined end of the vampiric spectrum,
Bottoms Up could be an upscale, yuppie-oriented bar/
nightclub. On the other hand, if the characters are more
punk or street-oriented, Bottoms Up could attract a seedier,
sleazier and more dangerous crowd. Consult one of the
guides to New England mentioned in the introduction for
more information about appropriate areas of town for the
bar.

Drama and Dialogue

The main objective of the prologue is to illustrate the
tense situation in British-controlled Boston. The scene is
ripe with possibilities for further information gathering,
however, and may serve to accomplish more than just one
goal. Perhaps the characters discover further details about
another facet of your own chronicle. Perhaps they win
Shari's and Jude's favor and earn themselves allies con-
nected with the KOL. The possibilities are myriad.

Scene One:
Hit and Run

This dramatic opening scene should draw the charac-

ters into the ensuing plot. Itcan take place any time after the
prologue, and not all of the characters need be present,
though the scene is most effective if they are together. This
scene ends when the characters agree to help the enigmatic


fugitive called Slane, when they decide to follow him to
determine who he is and what he is doing, or when they turn
him over to the Redcoats.

The story assumes (bur does riot require) chat the
characters choose to help Slane, and the events that follow
will flow more naturally if this happens. If events do not
IL is not lost; the Storyteller

work out that way, however,

will just have to doa little more work to get the characters
involved by somealternative means (examples are provided
below).

Setting

This scene takes place on an empty street in Boston and
ina dark, trash-strewn alley.

Drama and Dialogue

If, during the prologue, the Redcoats captured the
characters, they subsequently released them with a grave
warning never to resist the British again. If they assisted the
Redcoats in the barroom brawl, the Redcoats asked them to
watch for a dangerous Kindred criminal who is rumored to

be in the Boston area. Either way, the characters are back on

the streets, hunting, socializing or engaging in whatever

activity they find most attractive.

This scene is the first of many in which the characters
will have to choose loyalties. It is central to the theme of the
story that the characters explore their own identities within
the context of the conflicts in New England. (To reinforce

such self-examination, you might consider having the char-

acters meet a mentor, friend or amateur philosopher who
asks them now and then — between scenes perhaps — what
they have been doing and why they made the choices they
did.)

From around the corner of a nearby building, a man
fitting the description of the fugitive Slane (if the characters
were privy to it in the prologue) suddenly runs headlong
into the characters, knocking one or more of them over in

his desperate haste. He staggers to his feet and continues

running without saying a word. It should be obvious to
ce that he seems to be fleeing for his

anyone who sees his
life.
's — none of

Only seconds later, three British Redcos
come barreling

whom played a part in the prologue
through in similar fashion, again knocking down the char-
acters and swearing at them for getting in their way. The
Redcoats follow Slane into an alle
This should provoke the curiosity, if not the indignation, of

y, where a struggle ensues.

the characters and motivate them to follow behind and
discover what is going on. Of course, if any of the characters
have frenzied from their rude treatment, they will already be
in the middle of it.

For the most part, the way the characters react in this
tory they will follow

scene determines which branch of the
for the rest of the chapter. There are four ways for this scene
to end:

Characters Help the Redcoats: If the characters assist
the Redcoats, Slane will be captured and taken to Biltmore.
The Redcoats will thank the characters and hurry off. If the
characters ask to accompany the Redcoats, the Redcoats
will amicably but firmly refuse. The apprehension of Slane
is a private, high-level matter, and outsiders like the char-
acters will not be allowed to take any but the most superficial
cept this, the Redcoats

part init. Ifthe characters refuse tod
will promise a reward and leave.
When the Redcoats take Slane to the prince, the
Tremere is turned over to Biltmore, who is surprised to
discover that Slane has lost his memory and hasno idea who
he is or why everyone is after him. In an effort to learn what
on, Biltmore will instruct Quentin King to free
sonto Slane's trail. Afterall, the

is goin;

Slane and put the characte
characters are expendable and the Redcoats have more
pressing business than following an amnesiac.

ja and the Redcoats find the characters, give
ard — $500 each
that they help the prince further.

The

goes and whom he meets. If the characters refuse, the

Amand

them a slight monetary rev and suggest

characters are to trail Slane and find out where he

Redcoats warn them of the prince's wrath. If they still refuse,
the British rough the characters up a bit. By this time, the

characters should fear the consequences of not helping the

prince. If they do not obey, the Redcoats will take them in
for the prince himself to upbraid. Of course, at this point the
characters may want to help Slane just to hurt the Redcoats.

If the characters watch

Characters Remain Passive

the fight and choose not to interfere, they still hear and/or

see the Redcoats beat and stake Slane, who cries out
pitifully, asking again and again what he did wrong and why
they are doing this to him. The British then take him away,
and the characters hear nothing further about him until

they see him on the streets the next evening.

What happens between Slane's capture and his rel

ose
is described above. However, the prince will not have his
Redcoats ask the characters to as

ist him in spying on Slane.
Instead, you will need to invent a rationale to get the
characters involved in Slane's plight — one based, perhaps,
on the characters' clans.

For instance, a Tremere character could encounter
Tremere elders from Hartford, who tell her to find Slane and
bring him back to the chantry.

Jara Drory orone ofhercronies might secretly approach
Nosfe
and find out why everyone wants him (she is, in essence,
recruiting them into the Web without their knowledge,

atu characters and ask them to find Slane, follow him

although she might ask them to join the Web if they insist
on knowing why she cares about Slane).

Ventrue characters could receive a summons to meet
with elders from Hartford who have been following the
Tremere and want to know what their rivals are planning in
Boston.

: Identity Crisis


Failing this, all the characters could be dragged before
Quentin King for "interfering" (read: getting overrun by the
Redcoats during their pursuit of Slane) and even accused of
aiding and abetting Slane. This is a bald-faced attempt to
motivate them to find out what the amnesiac is up to and

stop him as "proof" that they are not in league with the
Tremere.

While the characters need to become involved some-
how, the players should not feel as if they have no choice in
the matter. If the characters simply do not respond to these
modes of involvement, do not corral them. Let them do
something else fora while, and then have someone later tell
them she has heard that everyone in New England is stirring
with excitement over the fugitive, but so farno one has been
able to find him

Characters Stop the Redcoats but Do Not Help Slane
Further: If the characters decide to misdirect the Redcoats
pursuing Slane, or if they give the Redcoats any trouble but
do not stay to learn more, the Redcoats label them as either
anti-British anarchs or vampires in league with Slane

Either way, the Redcoats will hunt the characters with
as much effort as they expend for Slane. Again, because the
characters are not actually involved with Slane, they need
to be motivated to go look for him. You may want to employ
the same methods described above. It is also likely that word
of the characters' actions against the Redcoats reaches the
KOL, which now tries to recruit the characters,

Recruitment: A supplemental scene to accomplish the
above may go like this: The characters are sitting in a pub or
dancing at a nightclub when a fairly attractive Kindred
approaches them. She casually walks by them, dropping a
note on their table or discreetly slipping it into one of their
hands. The content of her message is this: "Don't look now
boys [and girls], but there are three Redcoats in the comer and
they're watching you. Meet me on the roof ASAP — urgent
(P.S. Shake them first!)" She walks to the exit and up aset of
stairs to the right

Ifthe characters follow the Brujah up without diverting
the Redcoats (who are, indeed, watching them and waiting
to apprehend them outside the building), the British will
follow and capture the characters, and the Brujah will have
disappeared. If they rid themselves of their tail and ascend
to the roof, the Brujah and Shari (the waitress/ghoul at
Bottoms Up) emerge from behind a giant roof fan.

The Brujah is Jude Franken, and she knows of the role
the characters played at her bar in the prologue. She
approaches them with a finger over her lips and gestures for
them to follow her. She leaps across a narrow chasm onto
the next building, and Shari does the same

Once there, she guides the characters behind another
roof fan and whispers: "Shari told me what you did for us at the
bar. I'm Jude Franken, the owner. Both of us want to thank you
Now, you know you're wanted by the Redcoats, right? Well

what would you say if | could improve the chances that you won't

be caught


She then offers the characters provisional membership
in the KOL and asks them why the Redcoats are after Slane.
When and if they admit that they do not know the answers
to her questions, Franken entreats them to find out and, at
the same time, become full members of the KOL. If they try
to lie for some reason, she will sense it and leave.

If the characters helped the British in the barroom
brawl, Franken instead says, "Look, fellas, [know what you did
at my bar the other night, and me and Shari don't like it. But I
know, too, that you're being followed. Did you know that? Well,
T thought maybe you didn't know ‘cuz you're new here and you
might want to get on the good side of a bunch of us —all of us are
kinda ticked at what you did, you know. So if ya know what's
good for ya, you'll stop helping the Brits and start showing some
good, old-fashioned American spirit. Now, what would you say
if I told you I could improve the chances that the Brits won't catch
you?"

Jude pauses, awaiting a response. If the characters act
tudely or refuse to answer, she simply shrugs, says, "Good
luck; don't let us catch you," and she and Shari return to the
club. If they are interested, she tells them about Slane and
tells them to help or risk the anger of a number of American
Kindred who have heard about the barroom incident (she
adds, "And I've got no control over what they choose to do.").

Characters Help Slane during and after the Fight:
se of action, as it keeps Slane and the
art. The decision to do this,
as both anti-

This is the best cou

characters together from the
however, conclusively brands the characters
British and in collusion with Slane, and leads to Scene Two.

Scene Two:
Taming of the
Tremere

This scene revolves around roleplaying, and should be
skipped if the characters have not yet hitched up with Slane.
Assuming the characters have escaped the Redcoats and
have decided to remain with Slane, they should be encour-
aged to go someplace quiet and safe to talk with him (the
everpresent danger of more Redcoats or a gathering crowd
of mortals can expedite this nicely).

During this scene, the characters learn that Slane has
lost his memory. Roleplaying opportunities abound as the
players try to explain to Slane that he is a vampire and that
he lives in a world of vampires (his body may be in need of

vitze, too, after the flight from New Hampshire and the fight
with the Redcoats). Then again, the players may not tell
him these thingsand may wish to keep him in the dark about
his nature for as long as possible — after all, they have no
idea who he is or how powerful he is.

Once the characters discover that Slane has amnesia,
those with the Level Four Auspex power of Telepathy may
want to read his mind. While Slane himself may not trust
the characters' probing into his mind, you certainly should
not forbid the characters from using their powers; however,
reading thoughts as deeply buried as those the characters
seek should be very difficult.

The memory of the events at Silverbrook (described in
What Is Really Going On) are so traumatic to Slane that
he hides them deep within the recesses of his unconscious.
Because of this, the character using Telepathy must roll
Intelligence + Subterfuge (difficulty 9). The character must
roll at least three successes to learn anything:

3 successes Ina flash of memory, the character sees
aplain, blue, cloth-covered book lying
face-down on cement. Beside it is a
black wax candle and chalk.

The character hears the words "Van
Dorn" and "Mowgli" repeated again
and again.

The character sees the cover of a book
titled The Witchcraft of Salem clearly in
his mind.

4 successes

5 successes

While Slane's memories have been lost, his personality
has not. A cautious individual, he hides his suspicions and
bides his time, trying to learn as much as possible about his
situation without seeming to do so. He asks personal ques-
tions about the characters, general questions about the
society in which they live, about Kindred society (if the
characters have revealed to him that he is a vampire) and,

particularly, about the clans.

Inthe meantime, Slane's Disciplines are useless, and, as
such, he is not a combat-capable character. He is, simply
put, a focus for the plotline, not the star of the show. In fact,
the characters will have to go to significant lengths to
protect him if they wish to find out what is happening.

Slane will push the characters to help him discover who
he is and why the Redcoats are after him. He plans to use the
characters to help him learn more about himself, and then
discard them as potentially dangerous acquaintances. Even
in his weakened condition, Slane is not as helpless as he
seems, and the sooner the characters realize that, the better.

Book Two: Identity Crisis

_ Chapter Two:

Retraci

This chapter has two possible entry points from Chap-
ter One: the characters will either be with Slane helping
him rediscover his identity, or they will be trailing behind
him, trying to learn his identity and former plans. Both plot
paths ultimately lead to the abandoned mansion in Vei

mont, at which point this chapter ends and Chapter Three
begins. The scene descriptions that follow assume that the
characters are going to be with Slane throughout; for
alternatives, see the end of this chapter.

Chapter Two opens with Slane and the characters
trying to retrace the amnesiac's steps from his initial trip to
Boston all the way to the now-haunted mansion (although
none of them knows that the mansion is the group's ulti-
mate destination). Slane is lost, confused, and more than a
little skittish, and thus he will not be very useful during the
investigation. The characters will have to do all the think-
ing.

Bei

each solved puzzle produces another clue to follow, and the

ause this story is essentially a journey of discovery,

investigation will progress along a somewhat linear path.
However, because it is up to the players to decide what to do

next, they should not feel as though they have been directed
along a single path.

The characters may want to search Slane's personal
effects for clues as to his identity. His possessions, however,
reveal little. Slane has no identification or credit cards —in
any case, if he had, he would have less need for the charac-
ters' help than he currently does.

The only items of interest are a crumpled bookstore
receipt dated six days ago, a matchbook from the Golden
Banana (a local strip bar), and a page torn from an appoint-
ment book. Using The Spirit's Touch on any of these reveals
little, for their owners left little emotional imprint on them.

ng the ~

The receipt indica
$15.95) from Twilight Books, asmall New Age bookstore in
Cambridge, and investigating this clue begins Scene One.

es the purchase of one book (for

The matchbook is a red herring; one of Slane's favorite

vessels dances at the Golden Banana, but because he always

uses The Forgetful Mind after feeding, she will not recognize
him. Following this clue takes the characters to Scene Two.

The appointment-book page was torn from Van Dorn's
appointment book after Slane killed him. Slane forgot that
he had left it in his coat pocket and never got around to
disposing of it. This clue may lead to Scene Three. Note that
the characters may decide to follow these leads in any order,
and thus Scenes One through Three may not occur in the
order listed here.

Scene One:
Twilight Books

The bookstore receipt i:
a book was bought, although its title is not listed. If the
, they must find a way to
learn which book Slane bought, for it — not the receipt —

x days old and indicates that

characters go to Twilight Bool

is the actual clue.

Setting
Twilight Books is a cluttered corner shop located in the
maze of narrow cobblestone streets that constitute the area
around Harvard Square. Although it is located within an
historical district, its location is not a prime retail site, and


few people — aside from the witches and warlocks in the
area — visit it. The store stays open until 10 P.M., which
allows the characters a little time to visit it.

Pieces of amethyst and quartz jewelry hang on a display
board behind its glass windows, and books and New Age
audiocassettes line the homemade wooden shelves. The

cashier's counter is at the back of the store, and a fisheye
mirror is suspended from the ceiling in one corner of the

shop.

Drama and Dialogue

When the characters arrive at the bookstore, the owner
greets them from behind the counter. The owner, Theo
Macomb, is a mortal in his early 60s who looks like a retired
hippie. If given the opportunity, he will complain good-
naturedly about "these young college whippersnappers who
don't want to work for a living."

The man is a rabid conversationalist, and the charac-
ters will probably welcome the opportunity to investigate
the receipt and get away from him. He will try to sell them

a new book on "discovering the Goddess within you" and
others on "contacting yourself in your past life through intersti-
tial-temporal meditation."

In the corner of the store, there is a section composed
entirely of older, leather-bound books and handwritten
pamphlets acquired locally. This section, of course, is where
most of the area's witches shop. The book that the charac-
ters and Slane seek was part of this collection: The Witchcraft
of Salem by Klaus Van Dorn, a member of the Cloven Hoof
Coven in Manchester, New Hampshire.

The ch
author they seek by checking the gaps in the books on the

acters may be able to find the name of the

shelves: a few of the books there have been purchased,
leaving spaces where they had been. As the books are
arranged alphabetically by author, it is possible to guess the
first letter of the author's last name for each of the four books
that have been sold: C, N, S and V. If the characters have
already probed Slane's mind and rolled five successes, they
might consider asking Macomb about the book whose title

they saw through Slane''s eyes.

If the characters ask Macomb if he remembers which
book SI
need to go through the shelves to look for missing copy, then
will require some time for thought, and finally tell them its
title. He has another copy in back, and will gladly sell it for
$30 (it is an out-of-print book and his last copy). The cover
of the book has a picture of the Salem Witch House (the
tourist-trap Witch House, not the actual coven house of the
Order of the Golden Dawn), which may lead the characters
to Scene Four.

ne purchased and show him the receipt, he will

In reality, Slane bought the book because the "About
the Author" section on the inside back cover tells where
Van Dorn lives in Manchester, and it gave him an excuse to

Book Two: Identity Crisis


pay the warlock a visit (posing as a fan wanting the book
autographed). The discovery of Van Dorn's whereabouts
leads to Scene Five.

Scene Two:
The Golden
Banana

This scene takes place in a moderately seedy strip bar
a, the
bouncer, the bartender and the club owner all fail to
recognize Slane, as the Cainite always takes pains to use The
Forgetful Mind on them before leaving. Waitresses and
Slane, but none would know his

where Slane's favorite vessel, Vanessa, dances. Vanes

patrons might recogniz
name or that he is Kindred. No one in the bar has any idea
that vampires exist. Essentially, this i

Setting
The Golden Banana sits on the banks of a polluted
canal in Lowell, Massachusetts. The area is rundown, and

dead-end scene.

trash and other waste contaminate the canal. Inside the
strip joint, the atmosphere is similar. The floor is sticky and
the place smells of sweat. The decorations are of gaudy gilt
and neon. Most of the employees resent working in such
environs, and they take it out on the customers. Still, the
owner pays the dancers well, and thus the Golden Banana
attracts some of the better-endowed women in the business
— and continues to attract customers.

Drama and Dialogue

When and if the
Golden Banana, make it clear that some of its employees

haracters decide to investigate the

recognize Slane but neither know nor care who he is. The
dancers are a little more approachable, but have no more
knowledge than the other employees.

If the characters make a nuisance of themselves (per-
haps they insinuate that the employees are hiding
something), the bouncer will ask them to leave. If they
cause trouble, the bartender will call the police.

Scene Three:
An Appointment
with Death

The appointment-book page from Slane's coat pocket
is dated 2/8 on one side and 2/9 on the other, with the words
"Hillside Mortuary, 11 P.M." scrawled on the former. While
this clue may lead the characters on a vain search for the


mortuary in Boston or Cambridge, it is actually located in
Manchester, New Hampshire. The fact that the mortuary is
in Manchester may or may not come into play if the
characters visit Van Dorn's house in Manchester (see Scene
Five), but there are other plot paths that lead to the Hillside
Mortuary, so Storytellers should feel free to let the players
investigate this dead end if they wish.

Setting

Unless the players think of looking beyond Massachu-
setts for the location of the mortuary, it is unlikely that they
will discover it in New Hampshire. Nonetheless, if they visit
any mortuaries, they will find that they all tend to look alike.
Most are situated in peaceful locales. They are spread with
green lawns (in the summer) and well-tended shrubbery and
trees. Some have special features, like models of 19th-
century carriages parked in front.

Drama and Dialogue

There is little drama in this scene, for the characters are
primarily involved in researching the clue the appointment
book provides. Once they have arrived at the wrong mortu-
ary, they will know it; no one will be able to help them and
they may even get some strange looks. If they sneak in, they
may even be arrested for skulking. If, however, the charac-
ters do think of looking in New Hampshire and find the
correct mortuary, skip ahead to Scene Seven.

Scene Four:
Tourist Trap

If the characters go to Salem looking for the Witch
House pictured on the cover of The Witchcraft of Salem, they
find it easily. Late-night tours reveal nothing of particular
interest, and Slane does not remember going to Salem.
Storytellers can keep the players tense by roleplaying a run-
in with witches from the Order of the Golden Dawn, who
get anxious about people asking a lot of questions in their
town.

Setting

Scene Four takes place when the characters and Slane
decide that they want to visit the Salem Witch House. The
house itself is not much to look at: its three front gables gaze
sullenly over the lawn, and its solemn 17th-century style
speaks of its original owner, the Magistrate Jonathan Corwin,
who held a number of pre-trial examinations of accused
witches there. Inside, the rooms are cramped and the
wooden floors creak with age.

Drama and Dialogue
Ifthe characters ask questions about Van Dorn and The
Witchcraft of Salem, the tour guides, men and women
dressed in period costumes, are familiar with the names.

Only one, however, has specific knowledge. Her name is
Artemis Persepolis (not her birth name), and she is a
younger member of the Order of the Golden Dawn who
works at the Witch House simply because its history fasci-
nates her.

Because she-works there evenings (she attends the
University of New Hampshire during the day), the charac-
ters are likely to run into her. She knows of the existence
of vampires, knows what to look for to distinguish them
from mortals, and knows that they compete with her coven
for political influence; thus, she will not be favorably dis-
posed toward the characters.

Artemis also knows more than she is willing to tell
about Van Dorn — specifically, that he is a warlock of the
Cloven Hoof Coven and that he lives in Manchester, New
Hampshire. Unless the characters threaten her life, she will
not reveal these facts to them.

If the characters and Slane decide to buy tickets,
Artemis takes $8.50 from each of them and shows them into
the house. She guides them through each of the rooms and
gives thema brief history lesson on the trials of 1692. There
will be one or two other people in the group, and, if the
characters begin to question Artemis during the tour, these
tourists will grow incensed at the delay, finally requesting
that the characters wait until the tour is over to drill the
guide for information.

The tour is the evening's last, and the house will close
shortly afterward; thus, if the characters want to question
the wary Artemis, they must either force her to keep the
Witch House open or accost her in the parking lot.

Ifthe characters persist, Artemis feigns ignorance about
Van Dorn. Once they threaten her, however, the game
changes: she knows very little magick and has little chance
alone against a group of vampires. She tries to run, but if the
characters catch her, she says, "All right, all right. He's in
Manchester. Why are you guys so hot for him anyway?"

If the characters let her go, she will return to the High
Warlock of the Order of the Golden Dawn to tell him of the
night's events. The High Warlock will then call the High
Warlock of the Cloven Hoof Coven in New Hampshire and
offer to make a deal with him: he will tell her of Slane and
the characters in return fora spell only the Cloven Hoof can
provide.

On the other hand, it is possible that the characters and
Slane may decide to keep Artemis captive until they get to
Manchester. Unless they have ghouls or Retainers, this may
prove to bea problem when dawn arrives (although you may
not want Artemis to escape, as searching for her may prove
a distracting tangent to the main mystery).

Characters may also think of using Artemis as a hostage
ora bargaining chip in dealing with the witches in Manches-
ter. The Cloven Hoof and Golden Dawn Covensare enemies,
however, and the High Warlock of the Cloven Hoof Coven
will simply scoff at this ploy and tell the characters to suck
Artemis dry.

Book Two: Identity Crisis

Van Dorn's
House

ANAM Ground Floor

A. Stairs up to 2nd Floor
B. Stairs down to Basement
C. Locked door

A. Stairs down to 2nd Floor


Van Dorn's
House

Second Floor

A, Stairs up to Attic
B. Stairs down to Ground Floor
C. Globe
D. Whirlpool

Van Dorn's
House

Basement

A. Oil tank
B. Concrete wall
C. False wall panel
D. Stairs up to Ground Floor
E. Secret exit
F Furnace


In any case, if Artemis has divulged any information,
Scene Four should lead directly into Scene Five. If the
characters botch their attempt at threatening Artemis or if
she escapes, they will have to find an alternate means of
discovering Van Dorn's whereabouts (such as looking at the
"About the Author" section in his book).

Scene Five:
Visiting Van
Dorn

This scene requires a trip to Manchester, New Hamp-
shire. This takes a little more than an hour from Salem or 90
minutes from Boston or Cambridge. The scene actually
begins when the characters arrive at Van Dorn's house, the
address of which is printed in The Witchcraft of Salem.

An old housekeeper is the only person at the house
when the characters arrive, and it should be an easy matter
to Dominate or intimidate her into allowing the characters
full access to the premises. She will not remember any of
Slane's two previous visits (he used The Forgetful Mind to
erase those events from her memory).

If the characters are lucky, they will find Van Dorn's
appointment book with a page missing: the page Slane
possesses. Witches from the Cloven Hoof Coven, who have
had the house watched by raven watchers and/or who have
received a call from the Golden Dawn, will attempt to
capture Slane and any Kindred with him. Although en-
emies, the two witch covens will, at times, cooperate against
acommon foe. The capture of Slane, the characters, or both
leads to Scene Six.

Setting
Van Dorn's house is on the outskirts of urban Manches-
ter and, in fact, looks very much like a farm to inner-city
eyes. A long, curved, gravel driveway runs up to the front
porch. The house itself is Victorian in character, with
scalloped woodwork, a high, peaked roof with five gables
and snow-filled flower boxes beneath the windows.

The house's interior, however, contrasts sharply with
its candy-land exterior. Something feels wrong: perhaps the
furniture has too deep a stain and the wallpapering is too
dark, or perhaps the rooms echo overmuch considering the
amount of furniture contained in them.

The house has four floors: the basement, the first floor
(with a kitchen, bathroom, dining room, and den), the
second floor (with four bedrooms, two bathrooms, and a
study), and the attic. The attic is the only room in the place
with a window that affords a view not simply of the woods
behind the house, butalso ofa small circular clearing behind
the trees. The brook running along the far side of the
clearing marks the farm's property line.

Drama and Dialogue

Once the characters and Slane find Van Dorn's house
(which should require a few Orienteering rolls, as it is
difficult to detect from the road), they must deal with the old
housekeeper. Florence Arnold is in her 70s and isa reserved,
thoughtful and easily frightened person. If it is past mid-
night when they arrive, she will be asleep in her bedroom on
the second floor and will not hear them enter — assuming
they break in and are moderately quiet about their illegali-
ties.

If it is before midnight and/or the characters ring the
doorbell, Florence shuffles to the door, cracks it open and
asks who is there. She looks frightened, for her employer has
not been home for the past few days — unwarranted
behavior for him as far as she is concerned.

If the characters are apt fibbers, they may be able to
convince Florence that they are friends of Van Dorn's and
need tocome inside to talk to him. Because he is missing and
she is very worried, Florence will voice her fears to the
characters. Allow the characters to play on this commisera-
tion if they so desire, but make sure they are aware that they
are taking advantage of the poor old woman.

Once they have determined that this is indeed Van
Dorn's residence, learned that Van Dorn is not at home, and
gained entrance, they will want to find out as much about
the man as possible. The foreboding atmosphere of the
house and the feeling that there is something amiss are clues
to Van Dorn's nature.

If the characters and Slane venture into the attic, they
find an alchemist's laboratory, replete with bottled liquids,
feathers, snakeskins, the tongues of toads, an elephant's
eyeball and other spell components. Lying amidst the clut-
ter on the desk near the attic's lone window is a small black
appointment book, the one from which Slane tore the page
that he now carries.

Should the characters decide to look through it, they
will discover that a page from several nights ago is missing.
If they lightly shade the paper beneath the missing page
with a pencil (an old detective trick), the words, "Hillside
Mortuary, 11 P.M.," scrawled in handwriting that matches
Slane's page, appear.

Further searching reveals that Van Dorn was a warlock
and has something to do with the Cloven Hoof Coven in
Manchester (pieces of paper with the coven name scribbled
on them, spell components and the like can lead the
characters to this conclusion).

If the characters investigate the basement — the door
to which is locked and off limits to Florence — they will
learn that Van Dorn also dissected human anatomy for
reasons they can only guess. Tidily stored in two refrigera-
torsare the remains of various body parts, along with canned
foods and half-eaten candy bars (on which Van Dorn must
have snacked while doing his research).


While in the building, the characters hear the muffled
and oddly disquieting cawing of crows from outside. Al-
though the characters do not know it, these crows are
actually Cloven Hoof's raven watcher spies. Even as the
characters investigate, cloaked and cowled witches silently
surround the house. By the time the characters have fin-
ished, the entire coven has them surrounded, whether or
not the vampires posted a guard.

The scene ends when the witches capture Slane (with
or without the characters). The witches cast a Peace of the
Dead spell, which enables them to stake Slane and any other
characters who fail their rolls (see the appendix for spell
information). Allow those characters to escape who would
anyway; it will be easy enough for them to follow their
friends and/or Slane to the coven house, the setting of Scene

Six.

Scene Six:
The Coven House

Characters captured by the witches in Scene Five will

find themselves with Slane, chained and staked to stone
altars in the ritual chamber of the coven house. The witches
confront Slane, demanding to know where Van Dorn went
with the magical scroll after meeting him at the Hillside
Mortuary, but Slane remembers nothing. The characters, of

course, are equally cluel

The witches then begin preparations for a ritual that
will enslave them to the coven. Sarah Raines, a Gangrel
who is already in this plight, will offer to help the characters
escape if they help her gain freedom by destroying the fetish
doll that the coven made of her. If the characters accept her
help and escape from the coven, they will know to go to the
Hillside Mortuary next (Scene Seven).

Setting
Scene Six occurs at the coven house in the outer limits
of Manchester, New Hampshire, about five miles from Van
Dom's farmhouse. The coven property is more extensive
long field
in the back, and wooded conservation land behind that.

than Van Dorn's; it includes a stable and barn,

The High Warlock of the coven owns the house itself,
but its basement and first floor are left open for the coven's
members to use at will. The second and third floors are the
High Warlock's, and anyone found there without the per-

mission of the High Warlock is subject to the harshest

punishment the Storyteller can devise.

Drama and Dialogue

Scene Six opens when Slane (possibly with characters
in tow) arrives at the coven house. Even if the witches did
not capture the characters, the vampires will need to follow
them, as they have Slane staked and tied. It may be close to
daylight by this point, and the Storyteller should take this
into account.

Book Two: Identity Crisis


Coven
House

Ground Floor

A. Stairs up to 2nd Floor
B. Stairs down to Basement
C. Closet

Coven
House

Basement

A. Secret rotating section of bookshelf
B. Stairs up to First Floor
C. Furnace
D. Oil Tank
E. Secret door


Coven
House

Second Floor

High Warlock's
Quarters

A. Secret Door

B. Locked Door
C. Stairs to Ground Floor
D. Stairs to Attic

Attic - High
Warlock's Quarters

A. Safe beneath floorboards
under rug
B. Stairs down to Second Floor

Book Two: Identity Crisis


The witches blindfold whomever they have in custody
and silently carry them into the basement of the house.
They chain Slane and/or the characters in a large, secret
ritual room located behind a length of rotating wall that
looks like a bookshelf. The room is cold, and the witches
stretch the characters out on huge blocks of rough stone.
These are the altars the witches will use for their ritual in the
morning.

Because the windowless room is devoid of sunlight, the
characters are relatively safe — for the time being. Free
characters may follow the witches into the house or they
may attempt to use any of their other powers to try to free
their companions. If any characters have escaped, however,
the witches assume that they have been followed back to the
coven house and post guards both outside and inside. The
coven members remain on general alert for the next 48
hours.

Once the witches have secured the characters (using
ropes) and Slane (using chains) to the stone altars, four of
them, including the High Warlock, gather around Slane.
The others leave, though two stand guard outside the ritual
chamber. The remaining four chain Slane to the altar, and
the High Warlock pulls out the stake.

The characters have difficulty seeing what is going on,
as they are lying flat and paralyzed on stone slabs a few feet
away, but they can certainly hear the proceedings. The High
Warlock snarls, "Yes, you know what this is all about. Now,
bloodsucker, tell me where Van Dorn went with the scroll."

Slane tries to free himself, but one of the witches,
prepared ahead of time, promptly burns his chest with a
guttering torch. He cries out, then, growling in rage, flattens
himself against the stone in submission once more. "I don't
know what the hell you're talking about. This I do know, though:
if you don't release me now, you'll have the wrath of my kind
upon your heads for the rest of your pitifully short lives,"
threatens Slane, knowing, of course, that this is probably
untrue. The witches seem to think so, as they chuckle
(albeit uncomfortably) at his threat.

The High Warlock retorts, "It will be entertaining to see
you serve me. You are aware, are younot, that even if you do not
tell me now, you will have no choice but to tell me later, when I
control you? So, where did Van Dorn go with the scroll after you
met him at the Hillside Mortuary?"

Slane hisses, clearly close to frenzy. "I tell you, witch, I
don't know. Go find it yourself!" The High Warlock shrugs
and, savoring it rather too much, plunges the stake back into
Slane's burnt chest. The characters are next; the witches ask
them why they are with Slane, and then they ask the same
questions that they asked Slane.

The witches are far from stupid; if the characters try to
lie about Van Dorn (not even knowing who he is), they will
know it. Ifa character, in your judgment, lies exceptionally
well, have the witches call a recess to discuss their new
"information." (They will still follow through with their
plans to enslave everyone there, however.) If, on the other

hand, the witches have determined that trying to get any
information from the vampires is futile, the characters are
restaked. They then hear receding footsteps and the sound
of the door sliding closed.

The Ritual: During the day, some of the witches
prepare the fetish dolls that enable them to bring the
characters under their control. In order to do so, however,
the witches must undertake a ritual in which the vampire's
essence is magically linked to the fetish doll. If the charac-
ters remain aware of their surroundings that day, now and
then they may hear the footsteps of witches moving about
in the basement room just beyond their chamber.

Sarah Raines: The following night, the captured char-
acters meet Sarah Raines, a Gangrel whom the witches
captured and enslaved several years ago. She steals into the
ritual chamber where Slane and the characters are staked,
looks around cautiously, then approaches one of the char-
acters.

She has been deprived of blood, tortured and otherwise
poorly treated for many months. There is some evidence
that she has frenzied several times as well — her claws are
permanently extended and her ears have become pointed,
with tufts of wolfs fur at the tips. When she sees the
characters' condition, she growls throatily, like a caged wild
animal who knows the scent of its warden.

Knowing that the characters cannot respond, Sarah
whispers to them, hoping nevertheless that her words will
help, if only in some small way. Her voice sounds cold and
eerie, rasping in the dark, echoing chamber: "Once they
make the doll, you're theirs, you know. No hope ... no hope."

She pauses for a long moment, then continues, "Unless
you help me." Another pause, then: "They did it to me, you
know. But if you help me, you'll help yourselves. Do you agree
to help me?" She pulls the stake from the chest of one of the
characters (not Slane).

If the character, for some reason, decides to attack her,
she attempts to restake him. If the character agrees to help
her, she in turn frees the other characters who, collectively,
may be able to break the thick iron chain that holds Slane
(Strength Feat of 8). The real trick will be to escape from the
ritual chamber without being seen or sensed by the witches.
Sarah has managed to get in without a problem, so the
characters have a chance of succeeding. There is only one
exit out of the chamber, unless the characters are able to
tunnel through concrete and packed earth.

Ifa witch sees the characters escaping, her first action
will be to warn the others by yelling or running to find them.
Hersecond will be to hit the characters with one of her spells
in an attempt to slow them down. She will take cover, not
wishing to be involved in an obviously unwinnable hand-
to-hand fight. Roll adie to determine the number of witches
she is able to summon with a single shout.

Try to avoid creating a general melee. The witches won
the last one, the vampires are in a weakened condition, and
some, if not all, of the characters need to escape this time.


Ifthe characters are going to keep their word to Sarah, some
or all of them must attempt to reach the top floor of the
coven house (see below).

The Attic: Excited witches are milling about inside the
large house, carrying magic components, candles, chalk and
other tools of the ritual to and fro. Given this, it is very
difficult to slip through the house unseen.

If the characters follow Sarah as they sneak past the
guards and other witches, the Gangrel will bring them to the
door that leads to the second story and then the attic, where
her fetish doll is kept. If the characters seem to be proceed-
ing without thinking, have Slane suggest that the characters
formulate a plan before risking their necks upstairs.

The best way to reach the attic is to go outside and
climb up the exterior walls, reducing the number of roving
eyes that might glimpse them (they might also want to use
Obfuscate if they have it, or disguise themselves as witches
by dressing in dark robes).

Remember that if the characters are caught trying to
sneak upstairs, the High Warlock will become directly
involved, meting out some awful punishment to Sarah or
one of the characters as a warning (he leaves Slane alone, for
he wants to preserve him).

If the characters try to enter the attic from outside,
inform them that there are two windows three stories up.
One is in the well-lit front of the house and the other is in
the unlit back. When they manage to climb or jump up
there, tell them that they can now see that the windows are
barred on the inside. Bending or breaking them (after they
have broken the glass) requires a Strength Feat of 7.

Once inside, Sarah shows them the safe where the doll
is kept (she knows its location, for the High Warlock has
brought her up here twice before to torment her with it). It
is located under an old Oriental rug. After sliding the rug
aside, Sarah lifts three wooden floorboards to reveal the safe,
which is cemented into the house's frame.

Any character who has the Security Skill realizes that
this safe is wired to an electronic alarm system that must be
disabled before any attempt at cracking open the safe can be
made. If the characters try to rip the door off (Strength Feat
of 6) or pick the lock without disabling the security system
(Dexterity + Security; difficulty 6), an alarm sounds through-
out the coven house, and the characters have approximately
one minute before the attic is crawling with witches. If the
characters attempt to disable the security system before
cracking the safe, have them roll Dexterity + Security
(difficulty 6).

The characters will find the fetish doll lying at the
bottom of the safe, along with the property papers for the
coven house. The second that the characters have the doll
in their possession, Sarah pleads with them to destroy it,
saying, "Please, if your will is good, burn that thing. I can't
destroy it myself. Please, do it now!"


Slane offers his matchbook from the Golden Banana if
no one has a lighter (he does so only because he knows that
such an action will make him appear more benevolent; on
his own, he would help Sarah only if he were sure it would
benefit him in some way). If the characters want to lose
Humanity, they have an opportunity to enslave Sarah just
as the witches have. If they are contemplating this, have
them make Conscience rolls. By the same token, characters
who free Sarah have the opportunity to purchase a point of
Humanity when they gain enough experience.

If the characters fails to get the doll and the witches
have been alerted, Sarah, shedding tears of blood, surren-
ders to the witches, for she fears that they will kill her. She
blocks the stairway and explains that the characters forced
her to show them the doll because they wanted her as their
slave. This buys Slane and the characters time to escape.

If Slane is the only one captured in the fight in Scene
Five, the witches take him to the coven house and imprison
him in the basement ritual room. The High Warlock
questions him as described above and he denies any knowl-
edge of the events at Hillside Mortuary. Sarah then manages
to free him in return for assistance, and Slane, thinking that
she may be useful, retrieves the fetish doll and forces Sarah
to do his bidding, commanding her to act as if she were
following him willingly.

If dawn is approaching, he will find a safe shelter as far
from the coven house as possible. If he has enough time
before sunrise, he and Sarah will head directly for the
Hillside Mortuary; if he did not visit it in Scene Three, he
will escape into Manchester proper to look up the address in
a phonebook before heading there.

The characters may be watching Slane or trying to help
him escape. If this is the case, they can meet him outside the
coven grounds as he escapes, and he will tell them that the
High Warlock evidently thought that he had visited the
Hillside Mortuary a few nights ago to meet the author Van
Dorn. He wishes to go there to look around the property.

Scene Six ends when the characters, Sarah, and/or
Slane, or the characters alone, escape from the coven house.
The witches, of course, will hunt them throughout the rest
of the story, particularly if Slane has escaped.

Scene Seven:

Hillside
Mortuary

The mortuary is where Slane met Van Dorn only nights
earlier, though little evidence remains of their encounter.
Rather than introducing new evidence about Van Dorn,
this scene instead introduces Araqois, a Lupine from Ver-
mont who has tracked Slane to the mortuary and confronts

him and the characters. Araqois seeks revenge for Slane's
summoning of the Nexus Crawler that killed his packmates.

If Aragois thinks he can destroy Slane and the charac-
ters (there are no more than three of them and they are
lightly armed), he attacks. Ifnot, he flees back to Silverbrook
in hopes of drawing Slane and the characters into an
ambush there. In either case, this sets up Chapter Three at
Silverbrook Mansion and its surrounding woodland envi-
rons.

Setting

Hillside Mortuary is very much like other mortuaries. It
is wintertime, so glistening snow blankets the lawn and
covers the shrubbery with icy caps. A meticulously shoveled
path leads to a set of concrete stairs carpeted in red, all-
weather felt. It is dark inside, for everyone has gone home for
the evening. There is a viewing room decorated in somber
hues just down the hallway to the right. To the left is the
owner's office and, farther down, a small room that is
sometimes used as a chapel. At the end of the hall are a
crematorium and a refrigerated, locked room where bodies
are prepared for viewing.

Behind the building, the snow-covered lawn extends
30 yards to bushes that mark the property line. A birdfeeder
swings from the limb of an immense oak, and sunflower
seeds are scattered on the snow beneath it. A shoveled path
follows the contours of the back of the building to the
basement bulkhead, and a bench sits alongside the path
nearby. Near the bench, footprints (including those of
Slane and Van Dorn) mar the otherwise smooth sheet of
snow that covers the lawn.

Drama and Dialogue

As soon as Slane and/or the characters follow the path
around to the back of the building, Araqois emerges from
the bushes. Characters with Heightened Senses can roll to
hear a faint growl just before the werewolf leaps onto Slane,
his primary target. If there are too many vampires for
Araqois to face alone, he instead attempts to scare Slane and
the others and lead them back to Vermont, where he and an
allied pack will ambush them.

In either case, Araqois leaps from the bushes and
bellows, "This is for my brothers at Silverbrook!" As he jumps
at Slane, he tries to get at least one good gash in Slane's face
orneck before he runs off into the bushes, leaving pawprints
that the characters can track quite easily. Slane tries to
persuade the characters not to kill the werewolf, for it
obviously knows something of his past that Slane does not.

Wondering what he might have done that would cause
a lone Lupine to track him to Manchester, Slane suggests
that they follow the werewolf. If the characters agree to his
plan, it is simple to follow the Lupine's tracks north to
Vermont, to the outskirts of Montpelier where Silverbrook
is located. Of course, Slane will be wary of the Lupine as they
do so, for he suspects that tracking it should not be as easy
as it seems.


If the characters refuse to track a werewolf through
Lupine-infested woodlands, or if the characters rashly kill
Araqois in combat, Slane instead suggests that they try to
find out where "Silverbrook" is. They may consult a map at
a local bookstore or library, or they may call Information,
assuming that Silverbrook is a town.

Because Silverbrook is a manor, the characters have
little chance of finding it on a map, unless they happen to
look at a detailed list of historic sites in northern New
England. Thus, if the search for Silverbrook seems to be
stalling or has reached a dead end, have Slane find a
reference to it in some tome.

Alternate Scenarios for
Chapter Two

If, for some reason, the characters have not hooked up
with Slane by the end of the first chapter, don't worry. It's
an easy matter to have the characters follow and spy on him
under order of Biltmore and the Redcoats, higher-ranking
members of their own clan, someone willing to pay them
good money, and so forth. Use your judgment to decide
which, ifany, of these would best motivate the personalities
involved.

Eventually (that is, at the beginning of Chapter Two),
Slane will discover the clues in his pockets and have time to
follow their leads. If the characters are not with him, they
can still follow him to find out what his intentionsare. If this
is the case, Slane will enact the scenes above in the order
listed, without the characters' assistance.

The primary difficulty for the characters will be to keep
up with Slane, for he moves decisively and quickly as he
unravels the clues. Throughout his investigation, he senses
that he is being followed, and he tries his best to shake his
hounds.

By the time he has reached Silverbrook Manor in
Chapter Three and read part of the journal he left there, his
memories will have returned and, with them, the knowl-
edge that he needs Kindred to sacrifice to the spirit at
Silverbrook. Because of this new knowledge, he will try to
arrange a meeting with the characters in order to lure them
to Silverbrook with the promise of an explanation.

Between the scenes in Chapter Two, the Storyteller
may also want to have the characters meet one or more
strangers who happen to be extremely curious about Slane.
These strangers can be members of the Web, Tremere who
are pursuing Slane, members of Mowgli's Order and so forth.

Additionally, remember to vary the pacing in Chapter
Two. Slane may need a rest between clues, and this gives the
characters a chance to kick back, view some of the local
color, hunt or whatever. Italso gives you, as Storyteller, time
to reinforce the theme of identity by having the characters
meet someone they trust who asks them to reflect on their
situation: how they like New England and the Kindred here,

what they understand of the political situation, with whom
they might side if they were forced to do so and, most
importantly, why.

Brujah Scenes

For Brujah characters, there are two obvious possibili-
ties. One is to have some of Pendragon's agents approach
the character and ask for any information regarding Slane.
They can try to persuade characters to cooperate on behalf
of clan loyalty, or they can offer "good grace" status with
Pendragon in the north. A second possibility is to have
members of the KOL secretly arrange to meet with any
Brujah characters who appear to have anti-British attitudes.
They will appeal on a nationalistic level and not by clan.

Gangrel Scenes

Gangrel characters also have two obvious possibilities.
One is to have Battista Decamerone arrange to meet with
any Gangrel characters and persuade them to find out what
is going on. He will most likely ask this as a personal favor.
The second possibility is to have members of Mowgli's
Order approach Gangrel characters and persuade them to
find out what Slane is up to and report what they find. They
will not reveal that they are Sabbat, but will make their
hatred for the British abundantly clear.

Malkavian Scenes

Malkavian characters can be invited to one of King's
clan meetings. Sometime during the bizarre festivities, the
prince will approach the characters and ask them to find
Slane. To the extent to which boons are offered between
Malkavians, this is quite a significant request. The charac-
ters should feel somewhat honored to have been picked out
by the prince for such a mission.

Nosferatu Scenes

Nosferatu characters will be approached by Jara Drory,
who will try to recruit them into the Web. She will not come
right out and say she is from the Web, but will first try to
recruit the characters into the KOL. If they do not appear
interested in taking sides against the British, she will try to
assess their clan loyalty by asking more personal questions.
Ifshe feels that they would make good additions to the Web,
she will formally recruit them. Because the Web is anxious
to learn what happened in Montpelier, she will entreat the
characters to find Slane and learn everything they can about
what happened in Vermont.

Toreador Scenes

While the Toreador have found a strong ally in King,
few of the clan are politically active in Boston. One possi-
bility would be to have Elsa Linden in town celebrating the
discovery of a great artist prodigy. She will see to it that any
and all Toreador characters receive invitations. During the
party, Elsa will learn of the rumors going around regarding

Book Two: Identity Crisis

the strange fellow that Quentin King seems intent upon
apprehending, and will want to know more. She will meet
privately with Toreador characters and ask them what they
know. If they reveal that they have encountered the stranger
(Slane), she will become quite interested.

Elsa figures that anything she can do to annoy Biltmore
is another feather in her cap, and she will entreat the
characters to find Slane for the good of the clan. She plans
to get Slane before Biltmore does, bargain with him for
possession of the fugitive, and, in the process, humiliate him
to the same degree he did her.

Tremere Scenes

Tremere characters are probably the ea:

st to moti-
vate, as there is a search party of Hartford Tremere already
looking for Slane. The posse accosts any Tremere characters
and demands that they take up the search as well. The
Hartford Tremere will not reveal that Slane is a rogue, but
will instead claim that he has turned to the Sabbat and must

be destroyed. Characters at all concerned with Clan Pres-
tige should not hesitate to act.

Ventrue Scenes

Not far behind the Tremere search parties are Ventrue

surveillance teams shadowing them. Ventrue characters

can be summoned to meet with an elder and commanded to
take up the search as well. The Ventrue will actually let it
be known that they suspect that Slane is a rogue Tremere
and that it is important to clan interests that he be appre-
hended before Tremere hunting parties find him.

Note
In each of the above s bility
that characters will wish to pursue their own agendas or
investigate different paths. This is encouraged, for the

‘enes, there exists the pos:

theme behind this story is the search for identity, and each
character should have the opportunity to discover what it is
he really wants out of his unlife. Storytellers should intro-
duce scenes that bring into the fray the various other
elements that Slane's activities have unleashed, providing

opportunities to test the characters' loyalties and explore

their goals. Such scenes may also serve to break up the linear
nature of the main plot, opening paths to subplots that can
be resolved in later stories.


p

The

Ghost o

. Silverbrook
"Manor

In this chapter, the characters confront the true nature
and identity of the vampire with whom they have been
traveling. Once the memory of his original mission at
Silverbrook returns, Slane will attempt to sacrifice the
characters and Sarah Raines to the spirit there in an effort
to gain control over it. The characters will hopefully realize
that Slane is nothing more than a self-interested beast who
pledges allegiance to no one but himself.

Chapter Three takes place entirely within the confines
of Silverbrook Manor, an abandoned mansion on the out-
skirts of Montpelier, Vermont. A Nexus Crawler, a malign
and powerful spirit that Slane summoned (and subsequently
failed to control), haunts Silverbrook. The key to control-
ling and banishing the Crawler is in a journal Slane kept as
he studied Van Dorn's stolen scroll.

When Slane performed the summoning ritual, he com-
pleted only the first third of it — the Ritual of Calling
(effectively getting the spirit's attention). The second and
last parts, the Rituals of Manifesting and Control, remain
incomplete, as Slane fled when he realized that the Crawler
had chosen him as its sacrifice. Thus, when Slane's memory
returns, he realizes that he needs Kindred vitae to complete
the Ritual of Manifesting, and then he must complete the
summoning by performing the Ritual of Control.

When done properly, the tripartite summoning calls
Im, allows it to manifest physically and
it under the control of the summoner. When the

the spirit from its re:

place
second third of the Ritual was interrupted, however, the

Cc

ours. Silverbrook Manor is now its prison, and it cannot

awler was trapped halfway between its own realm and

stray more than 100 or so yards from the manor.

Once the ritual is performed properly, however, the
Crawler will be free to go anywhere its summoner wishes.
Hence Slane's move to employ the spirit on Pendragon's
behalf as a secret weapon against Mowgli's Order (see What
Is Really Going On) was a smart (if poorly executed) tactical
move.

Slane's memories of these events should begin to return
in a trickle upon reaching the mansion. Once the ritual
room has been found and the journal has been discovered,

his memories will return very rapidly. However, he will not
reveal anything
that his memory of the me

about what he remembers. He will insist

nsion is very vague and none of

it makes sense. This is not true; in fact, upon stepping inside,
he will remember what most of the rooms look like, but he
will not tell the characters anything.

Once the chai
ment of Silverbrook Manor (Scene One), the players' most

cters discover the journal in the base-

natural action is to have their characters read it. The
Storyteller has two options for handling Scene Two. The
act

first is to allow them to read it by handing them the e»

script as Slane has written it. From this script, the players

can derive the clues and information necessary to resolve
the conflicts with which they are presented in Scene Three.

The second option is to make use of an advanced
hback, the

storytelling technique, the flashback. In the fl
players will discover Slane's intentions and the information

Book Two: Identity Crisis


needed to defeat him in Scene Three. They will take on the
roles of the mortals Slane sacrificed to summon the Crawler.
While the storytelling technique in each option differs,
each choice contains similar information and clues to
resolve Scene Three. This information can be summarized
as follows:

1. The Spirit: A malign spirit has been partially sum-
moned and is loose in the manor.

2. Slane: Slane summoned the spirit and has commit-
ted more than five murders in the name of experimentation.

3. Kindred Blood: The completion of the ritual that
summoned the Crawler requires a Kindred sacrifice — the
eds all the blood from one Cainite only (a group
donation will not work) during the ritual in order to mani-

spirit n

fest itself and be controlled.

4. Pendragon's Agents: As Slane performed the ritual
inside the manor, some of Pendragon's agents were watch-
ing the property to be sure that Slane did ashe said he would.
As this is not essential information, characters will only
discover this if they go outside during the flashback in Scene
Two and happen to encounter these agents (an unfortunate
mistake for them).

5. Dead Nosferatu: Nosferatu who were part of the
Montpelier Strand of Trajan
under the manor. The Nexus Crawler, once partially sum-

quarters

moned, annihilated all of them. Again, this is not essential
information — however, if the players enact the flashback,
they may encounter the fleeing Nosferatu. If they read the
journal, they may only find the ruins of the Montpelier

headquarters under the manor and/or a few s

attered piles of

vampire ash that represent the spirit's victory over the
Nosferatu.

6. The Lupine/Spirit Connection: The Nexus Crawler
is an archenemy of the Lupines, and vice versa. If they see

ch other, they will fight, for each recognizes the other as
an adversary. While both will not ignore outside threats
(such as Slane or the characters), their primary targets will
be each other.

7. Ritual-Spoiling Clues: There are clues that can help
the characters spoil Slane's ritual. First and foremost, deny-
ing the spirit Kindred blood will keep it from manifesting
and prevent Slane from controlling it. There are obvious
ways of doing this (for instance, if the characters go into
voluntary torpor, the spirit cannot feed on their terror and
instead will go after "conscious" and terrified Kindred like
Slane).

Once this happens — or if Slane is killed or incapaci-

tated once he has successfully performed the Ritual of
Control — the Storyteller can choose from a couple of
different outcomes: a) all hell breaks loose and a battle
ensues, or b) the spirit is banished (a cleaner, but perhaps
too staid alternative). Players always seem to have a way of
coming up with a third alternative, so be prepared for the

possibility of other outcomes as well.

Scene One:
The Journal

This scene serves as a prologue to either the reading of
Slane's journal or the flashback scene. In this scene, the

characters and Slane enter Silverbrook Manor. It is unlikely
that they have any specific agenda in doing so, as none of
them knows that the journal is there. However, as they
explore the premises for any clues as to why Araqois men-
tioned the manor, they make some gruesome discoveries
about the past week at Silverbrook. They also begin to
experience the Crawler

mysterious and frightening pres-

ence.

Setting

Scene One occurs within the confines of Silverbrook
Manor. The manor is in a beautiful, if somewhat eerie,
locale. Stands of silver pines surround its 10 acres, and a
small glacial lake sits at one end of the property line. The
lawn near the house slopes gently down to a gravel landing
where there is a two-story boathouse and a short, rotted
dock. A flock of Canadian geese makes its home close to the
self. Note, too, that
one of the entrances to the underground tunnel system is in

dock, but never approaches the manor i

the back of the boathouse under several planks of rotting
wood.

The manor itself is a huge brick structure with a bo

mansard roof mantled in a light covering of snow. It is made

of verdigris iron similar to the roofs that typify Quebe
architecture. Two wings of 10 rooms each extend east and
west at 45-degree angles to the main hall. A wide, paved
path and a carriage court front the house, and to the west,
at the end of the mansion farthest from the lake, stands the
servants' residence —a two-story, five-bedroom house with
two chimneys and three baths.

The manor is quite old, probably dating back to the
1700s or early 1800s. It has three floors, including a salt
cellar that was, at some point in the past, converted into a
full basement. This was the entrance to the cramped under-
ground tunnels of the Montpelier District of Warwick's
Web.

Characters entering the manor will see dusty suits of
armor, medieval tapestries and silver candelabras, and will
notice that the floors creak with age. Some may wonder if
perhaps this is the property of an ancient vampire who
winters elsewhere; let them wonder. One thing is for cer-
tain: the manor

strange abundance of silver items in it;
smart characters might pick up on the fact that whoever
owns (or owned) the house knew she was in Lupine terri-
tory

The place should have the tense, uncanny feel of an
intermittently inhabited tomb whose owner may return at
any moment. Things echo in the dark, the lights do not


work, and now and then a character might think she hears
a faint sound like a long, low moan coming from the walls,
or the roof or the floors — but maybe it's just the wind.

Drama and Dialogue

When they enter Silverbrook Manor, Slane and the
characters are likely to explore it. Encourage this; the manor
is a huge place, and there is much to find. In particular, the
characters should eventually discover the bodies of the
ritual victims, the strange preponderance of gag items, the
ritual room and, finally, the journal.

As the characters explore, strange things begin to
happen. For instance, the characters hear muffled voices in
the room down the corridor, but when they get there, the
room is empty and there is no sign that anyone was there.
Doors slam in the next room, but no one is there to do it

The Nexus Crawler is responsible for these occur-
rences; it wants to arouse the characters' curiosity in order
to lead them to the journal in the basement. It believes that
it has a better chance of being freed if the characters
discover the journal before Slane does, for it can sense that
the characters are weaker than the elder and more likely to
err when performing the ritual. It does not realize that the
characters may not be able to perform the ritual at all, given
that they probably do not have the appropriate level of
Thaumaturgy.

As the characters explore the mansion, be sure to make
subtle suggestions that something sinister lurks in the man-
sion. If it is possible to separate the characters, do. By doing
so, their growing unease will intensify. If they cannot be
separated, still try to create the sense that something is
amiss.

First, as they nose around, mention the fact that one
room seems colder than the rest. This unnatural chill is the
spirit's doing; it is rousing itself from its slumber, scouting
out its next victims, and preparing to lead the characters to

the journal. As it invisibly passes through the rooms where

the characters are exploring, the temperature drops five or
more degrees — there is no wind, just a deeper chill settling
around the characters (the manor is already cold, as it is
wintertime and there is no heat on).

Later in the exploration, tell one of the characters that
she glimpses something in her peripheral vision. When she
turns to look, she sees the edge of something normally solid
(such as a desk or a chair) dripping as if it were made of
melting wax. This, too, is the spirit's doing. It is an uncon-
scious act, for, in the presence of such a powerful, unnatural
spirit, reality warps and dissolves like a sugarcube in water.
If the character tries to touch the object, the wood (or
whatever substance you have chosen) feels absolutely solid,
although it looks to the character as if the material is
indented from the pressure of her fingertips. Further inves-
tigation of this phenomenon reveals nothing.

Book Two: Identity Crisis


Before the exploration becomes boring (use your judg-
ment), have the spirit begin its noisemaking, as mentioned
above. Doors slam and voices mutter down the hallway, but
no one save Slane and the characters seems to be in the
manor. By making these inexplicable noises, the Crawler
attempts to lead the group or groups to the journal in the

asement.

Italso tries to lead Slane away from the group, for it does
not want Slane to see the journal, perform the ritual and
control it. Hence, if Slane is with the characters, it will try
to separate them from him; if Slane is with a subgroup, the
e

who are closing in on the main clue.

vler will lead that subgroup away from the individuals

The journal is located in the basement, which is littered
, chalk,

tiny splinters of wood, a human heart (now maggot-in-

with the remnants of Slane's ritual — wax candle:

fested) and so forth (use your imagination). The bookshelves,
chairs, tables and other items that once decorated the
basement rooms have been overturned and broken. In
several places, the walls have deep gouges, as if someone or
something dragged its long, sharp claws across the brick.
There is no dust in the room, unlike the chambers upstairs.

The basement forms the core of the strange happenings
at Silverbrook. Because Slane's Ritual of Summoning opened
an evil portal that has not yet closed, Silverbrook's resis-
tance to the spirit world is weakest here (for those who use
Werewolf, the area has a Gauntlet Rating of 3). Unless the
characters can see in the dark or they have brought lights,
the room is utterly dark.

In the basement, characters feel their skin prickling
with spiritual energy, shiver with an unnatural chill and see
faint silhouettes of hideous evil spirits (if they can see at all).
These errant spirits were attracted to the presence of Kin-
dred so close to the portal and have crossed through to this
plane.

Although the spirits appear threatening, they have no
power to attack the characters. They gradually cluster

around any vampire characters, particularly those with low
Humanity, who enter the room. For more on these spirits,
see the "Story Characters" section in the appendix.

The journal itself looks like the sort of cloth-covered
ore. It is lying
face-down on the floor, open, and its pages are folded over

blank diary one might find in a local boc

by accident. Like the rest of the room's contents, it was
thrown or tossed to the ground in haste. The handwriting
seems cramped and scribbled, perhaps because of Slane's
exhilaration at his discoveries as he wrote.

If the characters compare the handwriting in the jour-

nal to Slane's, they donot recognize much similarity between

the two scripts. If the characters previously probed Slane's

mind and scored three successes in so doing, they recognize
the book on the floor as the book they saw in Slane's mind.

Once the Crawler has led the characters to the ritual
room in the basement, they discover the journal and can

read it. In this case, hand them the journal pages below or


jump to the flashback (depending on which option you
prefer). In playing the flashback, include any players whose
characters are still searching through the manor. The flash-

ack constitutes a completely separate event, and players
can thus participate in the flashback while their vampire
characters are off trotting around Silverbrook Manor.

As the characters peruse the journal, Slane notices the
characters so doing, his memory returns, and he begins the
described below. When the characters finish read-
ing the journal, the spirit attacks them.

ritual

Clues and Information: There are five pieces of infor-
mation about the spirit world that the players can obtain;
these will help when they confront the Nexus Crawler in
Scene Three. They are listed in order of increasing detail
and are rated by levels. Characters who have the appropri-
ate Knowledge Abilities or are willing to do some research
in' the mansion's cobweb-strewn library may find these
clu

Level One — There are conjurable demon-spirits that

are in some way related to the Lupines, yet the text fails to

illuminate the relationship any further. The physical ap-
Pp
Silverbrook ¢

rance and forms of manifestation that the spirit at
sumes match the description of those that the

spirits in the text are said to use.

Level Two — Since the dawn of the world, these

demon-spiritsand werewolveshave been archenemies. There

are endless accounts in books lost and extant of the fright-
eningly savage battles between the two types of creatures
Level Three

on sight, and vice versa. This would be good for the charac-

Demon-spirits will attack werewolves

ters to know if they wished to divert the Silverbrook spirit
into fighting with the Lupines outside so that they could slip
away or deal with Slane without interference.

Level Four — While the demon-spirits, called Nexus
Crawlers, use blood to manifest themselves physically, they
actually derive deeper spiritual nourishment by feeding off
the terror they cause in their victims. Thus, the fortunate
person who faints just as a demon attacks him inadvertently
saves himself

Characters may deduce from this fact that, because
torpor is similar to unconsciousness, they can avoid being
attacked by going into voluntary torpor. As Storyteller, you
should understand that actually doing so would be a big

gamble on their part, but you may want to reward characters
who do so by having the spirit ignore them. Then again, you
may not.

Level Five — This type of demon-spirit lusts after
physical form (in Werewolf terms, it might instinctively
know that in physical form it can better bring Gaia closer to

Silverbroolk
Manor

Basement Levels

A. Furnace
B. Bulkhead
C. Trapdoor to Wine Cellar

D. Tunnel to Ritual Room
E. Trapdoor (flagstone)

F. Tunnel to Montpelier HQ of the
Nosferatu Web
G. Tunnel to Boathouse
H. Monpelier HQ

Book Two: Identity Crisis

Silverbroolk Manor
Ground Floor

A. Sewing Room

B. Servants' Dining Room
C. Pantry

D. Cloak Room

E. Stairs up to Ballroom and
down to Basement

F. Stairs up to Ballroom

G. Closet

H. Changing Room


Silverbrook Manor
Second Floor

A LILI
——s

(mirrored walls)

A. Bedroom

B. Bathroom

C. Suite

D. Stairs down to Kitchen
E. Stairs Down to Main Hall
F. Musicians' Room


Silverbrook Manor Grounds

Servants!
House

Silverbrook "S
Manor ,


the Wyrm and for that reason desires a body) and needs
potent blood to create one. Ordinary mortal blood does not
suffice; rather, such a spirit requires the potent vita: of
sacrifice one of his own

Kindred — and thus Slane mus
during the Ritual of Manifesting to bring the spirit forth
There are two ways for the characters to obtain these

items of information: by making appropriate Knowledge

rolls or by doing research in the library. If you use the first
method, characters make Knowledge rolls and gain one
level of information for each success. Thus a character who
rolls three successes knows the first three levels of informa-
. Any of the following combinations
may be used with this method:

tion described abov

© Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 9)

¢ Intelligence + Spirit Lore (difficulty 6)

e Intelligence + Lupine Lore with a specialty in Umbra
spirits (difficulty 7)
jalty in

* Intelligence + Lupine Lore without a spec
Umbra spirits (difficulty 8)

The research method, which is treated as an extended

action, works a little differently. Each character may make

an Intelligence + Investigation roll (difficulty 7) for every
half hour spent poring through the musty old tomes in the
library. The total successes earned by all characters are
Jded together, and every five successes accumulated earns

one level of information. Characters who accumulate 15
successes (probably over a period of hours) learn the first
three items of information.

TheS

each time a five-success interval is achieved. For instance,

ryteller should reveal each level of information

after the first half hour of research, the characters roll their
dice anda total of six successes are obtained. This is enough
toearn the first level of information, so the Storyteller reads
it to the players. After another half-hour period, they roll
again and score only three successes for a total of nine — not

enough to earn the next level of information. However,

after the third half hour, eight successes are rolled fora total
to earn both the second and third levels of

of 17 —enou
information.

If the characters explore the manor, they will find the
library without difficulty and will notice that a number of
books are lying on tables and chairs there. Slane pulled these
off the shelves in order to do some research when he was
having doubts about the authenticity of Van Dorn's scroll.

Most of these books are about ancient scrolls (with
titles like The Register of Scrolls and The Tome of Tomes);
some, however, contain sketchy information about spirits,

and these books might raise questions in the characters

minds. Any research done to learn more about spirits should
net the information listed above. While possession of these
facts is not essential, it is immensely helpful. Nevertheless,

Book Two: Identity Crisis


if the characters roll low or if they don't bother to look in the
library, don't worry; there are other ways of dealing with the
situation.

When the characters ask what the journal contains, tell
them that it seems to be a handwritten diary or journal of
some sort. If the characters take the time to read it, go to
Scene Two and either play out the flashback or read the
italicized script.

If, on the other hand, they decide to bring itsomewhere
that seems safer than Silverbrook Manor, they begin to hear
werewolves howling outside — nine werewolves, to be
exact. By now, the Lupines have surrounded the mansion.
Slane knows the preternatural sound of the hunting howl
and suggests that it might be wiser if the characters remain
inside the manor.

Slane, of course, is not being altruistic in suggesting
that they remain inside; rather, the sight of the ritual room
has triggered his memory, and the past week's events have
come flooding back into his mind. He remembers what the
journal is — the documentation of his ritual and the
discoveries he made based on the information in Van Dorn's
stolen scroll —and he remembers that there is an evil spirit
free and hungry within the manor.

Furthermore, he now knows that the only way to bring
forth and control the spirit is to give it Kindred blood. The
characters and Sarah have risen in status from potentially
useful tools to crucially important sacrificial lambs. Worse
yet, the knowledge of his Disciplines has also returned, and
now Slane is a fully functioning and quite treacherous
seventh-generation elder.

If the characters decide to leave the protection of the
mansion anyway, Slane lets them. However, he will also
silently command Sarah to stay (either via the doll or via
Dominate), and she will. Optionally, youcan have the spirit
decide to attack the characters at this point (as it realizes
that its food is leaving); if so, it causes all the doors and
windows in the mansion to slam shut and lock themselves.

If the characters are still hell-bent on getting out, they
can break down the doors or break through the windows. In
the meantime, they still need to find a way of sneaking
around nine werewolves. The success of this depends on
luck and the rationality of the plan they form, unless they
decide to fight (and, more than likely, get ripped to shreds).

Scene One ends when the characters either begin to
read the journal on the premises or decide to leave the
mansion and face the werewolves. If the former, go to Scene
Two; if the latter, skip Scene Two and go directly to Scene
Three.

Scene Two:
Bloodbath

In Scene Two, the characters begin to read Slane's
journal. If you are going to run the flashback, ask for a
character to volunteer to read the journal. Tell the players
that their characters gather around the person who has
volunteered, and hand the players new character sheets (see
the "Mortal Characters" section at the end of the story).
Tell them that they will be playing mortals while their
characters read the journal, mortals deeply involved in the

story that the journal tells. If, instead, you simply wish the
players to read the journal, hand them a copy of the journal
below.

Setting

Both the journal reading and the flashback — Scenes
Two (a) and Two (b) — take place entirely within
Silverbrook Manor.

Scene Two (a): Reading
the Journal

Should the Storyteller choose not to use the flashback
scene below, he should still give the players the information
necessary for Scene Three, which the journal below pro-
vides. Storytellers can either read it to the players or
photocopy these pages and hand them a copy of their own
to read.

Tonight I arrive at Silverbrook, prepared to breach the
boundary between this world and another. | keep this journal as
arecord of the minutiae involved in this ritual; one false step, and
Imustcommence anew. There is no need to record the first ritual.
Itis a simple one and requires little effort. No, it is the Ritual of
Manifesting that worries me.

But to begin: I come with an old man who, I have surmised,
does not have family and has few friends, and for these reasons,
will not be missed. He makes poor company, in any case,
constantly muttering and whimpering as he does

I have donned the witch's robes and lit the candles. | will
record the ritual components as I ready them. First, as the sage
Akhempotet notes, one must know that there are boundaries
between this world and the other before one can breach them
Thus, I draw the circle of chalk in the center of this room and
behold that invisible wall growing before me as I do so. It is a
difficult thing to concentrate so wholly on that which is invisible
that the visible all but disappears — particularly with the old man
whimpering. Yet it is done.

Now I sprinkle the ashes of the dead outside the circle to give
the thing form. I hope that it is ashes, not tears, that the scroll
means; at this juncture, the Sanskrit is difficult to read. So that
it may have sight, I place three hawk's eyeballs at the three


sIsic Aauapy :om | Yoog

gpm wyn
aunpof asuyf ayp fo asnva ayn 10u sve snyp fi ‘29K "204fusng ay) sof
Jou ‘4ayavoag ay sof auvawsta]2419 ay | "2419 ayp apisus aayfius0s
ay) BAO 02 aYDISIUL DV Spm 11 WY WOISN}IUOD ay? 01 2UOD aavY |
‘unoy aso ay fo suane ay2 uo Sunpurun Jaify "umop auo pany D
1y8n01g pun siayio ayp yam woos ay2 01 dn wary parLin> aaDy |
pvap pun par.o1uod ‘sym ay a4ayi ‘01 au
] ayn pu ‘uonpUarU0? Kut 180] 40 ssausMOIIsUOD Iso] 2ADY
asnut | "pauaddvy aavy 01 swaas Suryiou 1a puy — ajquvz1uso
-oo4un ‘pajSunut st og ay,1, (240foq urys aanyivf as10/,\ iON,
:Sunmpuey 9]1q159]]1 sow ‘MoN
ag Kou 1 wy? STUY ILLYSUDE ay) ‘saoifuovs pun sppLaTUL
fo uonmuuiof 1904109 ayp st snp sdoysag "way panmor ‘pavmut 290f
sBupf pun saga ayp pun ‘9]2419 ay2 apisur st oq ay Ys Os spUaTUL
ay) 3uiSupuura, aun snp ‘240foq sv ‘Jonna ay) uuofiad |
unui pjo ay) uDy) moras sa1amb yonus D — 49UL09 ay) UI passvs
pun punog ‘Sums sta} "jonnu ay yum aiafiaru Cow saayio aya fo
UO IY Os Praying ay) UO pavM D 12s Pun asay WHY 1Y3NOAg | OS
‘Sum asam ays w yuvad fo 140s awos Suusndasd som sayouy
Kaadoad 1 op pmnoys Kays yunp | os ‘spuauf soy
a4nos 01 uM Kay ‘s1IVY] —IUDM 01 Waas Skog asayn YA UOIYsD{
put ‘Bum asam ays ut auo fo pasodsip Kpvaap anny | ,"Survy,,
way) 40f Spoys Suan asp wayr fo wow maf v wyi pun
sop maf wxau ays 4of yooaquaanis 1 Kors 01 un] Kays wy) pausvay
| ‘UoRDsiaaUos aay WoL "4oLaDyag x12) Wo4f ssanB 01 aamUDA
prom | ‘symok a8ayoo :a12y usu Sunok snof aap a4ay.]
yroam s,uoSvepuag wav yim | 40 pasndaad 2q
Isnt | sop 1 UaYym pun ‘Kpamb awoo ppm apning ay ‘aun a1xouL
sapunnbs 01 passof uaag 10u aavy | wy) pH}s ww | "PUL 01 aU sa>nf
"UMS ay) ‘UL YrIM som auNroOf ‘pHarsua ‘Ing ‘ao1fuIvs sayroUD
ypraf 02 4aps0 ur C19 ay) 01 UAMIad 01 aaDY Pynrom | WYI TysNOY?
| 40f ‘asvaumop som | "pasaaoasip aq 01 1uDM OU prp | AOf ‘210d
-nsanuy 01 Tuam | "samisdn sasiou aos pavay | ‘adwanv sayioun
1of ysaaf ‘ayomv | way asus mg ‘2uDY ayi eavy | Way
{pradoadasaxorn amd y,1 "poq ay fo pasodsip | Burmuow sty |
ssanunuos
Jeuinof aya ‘Suumpuey a]qisa] sow pur yur Ysa UT
aunppof sry 4of uosva4 v 2anoasip [1% | MoLu0WOr
sdoysod pun wajgord sna sapuod pun mou rsa yim | ‘21
S11] "paaoons 10U pip joa ayy Kym punrsiapun o1 prof | ‘Cavaqy)
$4oUDUL siya UL sumisdn syooq ay) YovEsaL pun IU;SUDs ay
maraad | Sy *]]0498 YSU ays St siya WY padUIAUOD WH | ‘ON
sanunUod JeuuNof aya ‘duds sures ay Ing ‘BUN
-puey satddoys ut ‘uatp pue a1ay syeaiq ydesBesed ayy
{jo49s Suoum ayn aq snp
prog ‘Kavam mou | "soup pun rawas ay ui sy20.9 ayy onus sdaas
poojq y4vp sty Mou uaag "ppap si uDUE plo aya ‘Suruaddvy 2q 01
suas Supony 3mm | "sa4mbas []O198 ay yp spiom ays paruys
pun ‘949 ays apisur paddais ‘um plo ays parry 2004 |
sSuvf ay2 pup saga ayn yroq uo yur OBtpur yum paxtur poojq
upwny fo sdoap aaxip aonyd | ‘1ySuuf anid Kou 1 wyr og "saga ay
puoxag your un sBupf from aasyp aonjd | ‘ang aavy put i wy o¢
2]9419 poyo aya uIysIM paquosui ajZuDUA a{gisiaul ayp fo s2on40A

KC

\\

(\
yy

ah yi

"

y \
Wy
U\\ ee


Thave reviewed the scroll. The Sanskrit reads that the ritual
requires a potent blood sacrifice. Since we were apprentices, we
have known that the weakest form of blood sacrifice is the animal;
the strongest, human. But perhaps there is more to it than that
Perhaps the ancients possessed a deeper form of knowledge that
we have lost. | now suspect that youth has a potency all its own
Youth has more vitality, more sinew, than old age. Perhaps this
is why the old man was not sufficient. Perhaps. I will see

I regret the waste, but it had to be done. The boy is dead, but
not as before. His blood disappeared as it spilled onto the
concrete. I believe that I have hit on an important clue: age must
be a factor in the Ritual of Manifesting

As I was carrying this young man's body upstairs to the west
wing, I heard the noise of more youths entering the manor —
those whom the first group had awaited. The noise was hard to
disregard. I listened to their conversation for a while, then,
knowing that the one the others called Tony was in the east wing,
alone, I went there and retrieved him

I grow weary. The sacrifice failed again, but this time the
results were better than the last. Could there be an additional
factor, one that is as important as age? I will contemplate this as
I fetch one of the newcomers

Thave it! It is not age, but that elusive concept and one so
well regarded — virginity! I stood listening to the youths in the
east wing as they encountered the petty pranks that the others left
before they died, and I heard one jesting with another. "Shoot!"
he said, "Look at that bed. It's huge! I'd love to have that at

home." The other looked at him, trying to suppress a laugh, and
said, "What's a virgin need a bed like that for?" Youth never
changes. But it gave me this pivotal idea — after all, what could
be more potent than the blood of a virgin?

I captured the one who had been teased about his virginity
After some convincing with a shiny knife, he admitted quite
readily that indeed he was one. I feel certain that this time
Akhempotet's spirit will be mine

The main body of the text ends here, with the excep-
tion of three hastily scribbled words: "FAILURE — The spiri
—" The "t" is missing, as if the writer were interrupted in the
middle of his or her writing, and a blank part of the page is
ripped in two.

While the characters are reading the journal or partici-
pating in actual past events (the flashback), Slane has crept
off into the basement (or elsewhere if the characters are
there) and is preparing the ritual. He has made some
modifications to the wording of the chant so that the
sacrifices may be in another room at the time the ritual is
performed and the spirit will still consider them sacrifices.

When the characters finish reading the journal or
enacting the flashback scene, they have one turn to react to
their newfound information before the spirit attacks them.
If they catch Slane as he performs the ritual, they can
interrupt it, and it can go awry in any of the ways mentioned
above (or others if you wish to be creative)

Dark Colony


If Slane manages to sacrifice one of the characters (i.e.,
if the spirit kills one while Slane is chanting the ritual), the
spirit is freed from its anchor (it can wander beyond the
boundaries of the manor) and Slane controls it. Scene Two,
however, ends when the characters finish reading the jour-
nal and discover Slane to be missing, or when they die or
escape in the flashback. Scene Three deals with the events
that occur during and after the Rituals of Manifesting and
Control are performed.

Scene Two (b): The
Flashback

Before any drama can begin, the players need a context
for their actions. Paraphrase the following background
information for the players once they have their fresh,
expendable characters.

The characters are new members of Phi Kappa Epsilon,
a fraternity at nearby Montpelier Community College, and
they are out hazing at Silverbrook Manor for the weekend.
Two already initiated brothers — Dave and Mike — have
driven them here, 20 miles over snowy backroads into
virtually uninhabited Vermont woods. These two will re-
back for them on

turn to the dorms tonight and come
Sunday evening.

Having reached the manor, the characters are ready to
spend the weekend partying. They have three kegs of beer,
which they have unloaded and carried to the front door,
along with their backpacks, in which they have extra
clothes. The door is open, so they go in, drop the kegs on the
floor, and brush the snow off their hats and coats. Already,
they are a bit sloshed (subtract one from all rolls) from the
party they left before they drove here.

The mansion is a big plac
abandoned property, so they may want to explore a bit
before they crack open the kegs. Their original plan, how-
ever, was to finish as much of the keg as they could, then go
down to the lake for an icy swim inside the boathouse. Plans
change.

What the players do not know is that four brothers
(Dan, Joey, Paul and Tony) are already here (in a sense;
some of them are dead — see below), for they have their own
plans for the initiates. While Dave and Mike, the two
brothers that drove the characters here, were distracting the
characters at the party, these four were busy preparing gags

and well furnished for

and gruesome practical jokes. These, they hoped, would
frighten the drunk characters so much that they would flee
back to their dorms in terror. They were a little drunk
themselves

Unfortunately, two of the elder brothers, Dan and Paul,
did not last long, for Slane soon discovered them. The
Cainite elder arrived at Silverbrook late the previous night
with a cab driver that he had Dominated. Having prepared
the ritual, he sacrificed the old man and found that the ritual

failed miserably. Slane disposed of the body in the west wing
ited until dusk the next night, not
knowing whom he would next sacrifice.

of Silverbrook, and w

When the frat brothers entered the next evening,
Slane overheard the three of them talking in the kitchen
and learned that they planned toscare the characters. He let
them prepare their little practical jokes, then fed on Dan,
ripping his throat out, because he wanted to be at full
strength should the ritual again fail. Sure that the grim

visage of the bloody frat brother would create the effect (if

nothing else) that the three remaining brothers would have
desired, he threw Dan's corpse into one of the rooms in the
west wing.

He then grabbed Paul, an older friend of the three frat
brothers and former member of Phi Kappa Epsilon, bound
him, and brought him downstairs. Slane's second attempt at
the ritual worked incorrectly, and Paul was mangled horri-
bly. Ag
wing.

ain, Slane left the body with the others in the west

Afterhis second failure, Slane began to suspect that age
had something to do with the effectiveness of the ritual, and
thus he stalked the college student who seemed easiest prey:
Joey. This, too, failed — yet it did so ina less extreme fashion
than before, and Slane now suspects that age has much todo
with the ritual's success. His next victim is Tony, unless the
characters say something to indicate to him that they are
younger (as Storyteller, you should listen carefully for this),
in which case, Slane will attempt to sacrifice that character
next.

As the ch

Joey's corpse up to the same room in the w

acters enter the manor, Slane is taking

wing where he
threw the cab driver, Paul, and Dan. In the meantime,

Tony, the remaining brother, is preparing his petty gags in
the east wing, unaware of what has happened to the other
four. He hears the characters enter, hunkers down in the

dark, ready to scare them, and waits

The first thing you will need to know as you choreo-
graph the flashback is how to integrate what happens in the
journal with what the players decide to do. What is utterly
essential, however — no matter what they do— is that they
do not I
few instances in which you, as the Storyteller, must be

ave the mansion alive. This scene is one of those

merciless in fulfilling your aim in order to create a good tale.

To maintain the integrity of the story, you must be fairly
rigid about what you allow to occur and what you do not.

You may even want to explain to your players that this scene
is meant to be fatal, so that they know their roles and are not
confused by the sudden change in storytelling style. Entice

them to explore with the promise of discovering from the

past what their vampire characters are presently
Their daring will gain them knowledge.

Book Two: Identity Crisis


Drama and Dialogue

As the characters stand in the entrance hall of
Silverbrook Manor, Mike and Dave (the two frat brothers
who drove them here) hand them flashlights (the batteries
of which will die within two hours), and try to lead them
into the manor. They tease Chip Yeager (see the appendix)
about his virginity and call the others cowards.

They say that there are some nice rooms in the east
wing where the characters can sleep — their purpose being,
of course, to lure the characters into the area where one of
the brothers is waiting to scare them. They tell the charac-
ters that they will be leaving as soon as they help the
characters get settled, and they will be back to pick them up
on Sunday night.

In the meantime, Slane, who is cloaked and hooded in
ritual garb similar to that of the witches in Chapter Two,
Scene Six (the players might recognize the garb), has come
downstairs and is using his powers to spy on the characters.
He hears Mike's comment about Chip's virginity and he
realizes that the potent blood for which he has been search-
ing may well be that of a virgin (see his journal entry on this
point).

Have one of the characters feel asense of being watched
just before Slane returns to the basement — but remind the
players that this character seems even more drunk than the
others. He sees nothing more. At this point, the characters
are free to follow their frat brothers upstairs or to suggest an
alternative to going up to the east wing. It is perfectly
natural for the characters to want to explore, however, and
this should be encouraged even if Mike and Dave react
strangely (as if they were disappointed).

If the characters follow the brothers upstairs, have the
two lead them to a set of master bedrooms decked out in all
sorts of plush finery —deep velvets, silks and satins. Empha-
size how big and dark the rooms are, how thin and fragile the
flashlight's beam seems (the electricity does not work in the
mansion). If the characters look, they see that the furniture
has a thick layer of dust on it.

If they do not notice, they will also miss the vague set
of footprints where the dust on the carpet has been dis-
turbed. These prints lead to their baths, where Tony has put
worms and dead leaves in one of their tubs; a dead squirrel
in one of their sinks, with its heart torn out and lying in the
soapdish; and where, in a third bedroom, Tony has wet
down the mattress and the canopy of the bed so that a
character's clothes will get soaked if he sits or lies down.

If, on the other hand, the characters want to explore,
have Dave say, "You guys don't wanna put your extra clothes
upstairs in the rooms? Well, OK ..." and he shrugs and appears
disappointed. The pranks are the other guys' domain, so
Mike and Dave will bid the characters good-bye, exit from
the main hall, and leave them to decide what to do next.
The characters hear Mike's car motoring off into the night.

At this point, the characters may do anything they
wish. If the characters decide to explore the manor, they
may run across their friends' and the cab driver's bodies in
the west wing. They will certainly run into the little prac-
tical jokes Paul and Dan left behind (throw in as many as you
like; most should be stupid and plainly contrived, such as
plastic vomit floating in the toilet, gag battery-operated
severed limbs crawling across the floor, or messages in blood
on broken mirrors — the point is to have these "jokes"
contrast with the seriousness of their friends' deaths).

Be sure to have them encounter the joke items first, so
that when they enter the room with Paul's, Dan's and Joey's
corpses, you will create some impact. You may want to have

them see something like a gag arm crawling slowly across the
floor of one room or a hallway in the west wing. When they
see that the limb is fake, have them enter one of the rooms
and see another limb — a real one (Paul's) — whose
"batteries," they may assume, have run out. This one looks
a little different, though, and when they investigate, they
realize that the arm or leg is real. The corpse to which it
belongs is just around the corner.

Tony's Scream: In the meantime, Slane is preparing
for his next attempt at summoning the spirit, and he needs
anew victim. It does not matter where the characters are at
this point; whether they are on the w

st or east wing, or in

the main hall, they will hear a terrible scream, a noise filled
with terror, coming from the end of the

ast wing.

As they do not know Tony is present, they will wonder
who screamed and why. If they have already encountered
some of the prank items around the manor, they may assume
that it is one of their frat brothers playing a joke on them.

Of course, this is Slane again, although the characters
do not know it. He has not been able to abduct one of the
characters, and has instead chosen Tony as his victim. If the
characters investigate immediately and are in the east wing
already (where the distance to the murder is shorter), they
may see something strange happen: as they approach the
area where they heard the scream, something whizzes past
them in the dark, creating a gust of wind from its passage.

This, of course, is Slane using his Celerity and the Level
Two ritual Donning the Mask of Shadows to carry Tony
from the murder scene, but the players will probably not get
agood look at who or what it is (roll Intelligence + Alertness
against Slane's Wits + Stealth). If the characters search for
footprints on the dusty floors, they cannot distinguish their
own from anyone else's. Yet they do know that something
just whizzed past them, heading toward the main hall.

If they go in that direction and search thoroughly, the
may eventually run across the entrance to the large base-
ment. Slane is in a small, secret room downstairs, hidden
beneath a bulkhead that is locked from the inside
(Silverbrook's owner's refuge from sunlight, perhaps').

If the characters do not find the bulkhead, they may
continue searching the manor. If they have not already
found the dead bodies of their companions, they may do so


at this time. Exploring the manor is always an option— and,
while Slane makes a fourth attempt at the ritual, more weird
things can occur as the trapped spirit roves through the
place sniffing out its prey.

The Virgin: After having sacrificed Tony and failed
once again, although less miserably this time, Slane discov-
ers that the ritual demands potent, not necessarily young,
blood. Having overheard Mike's comment about virginity,
Slane reasons that there is nothing more magically potent
than the blood of a virgin and decides to stalk Chip, the
character Mike was teasing. Keep in mind that the player
who draws this character should be a mature one, as it may
seem like the player himself is getting picked on; if youhave
your doubts, explain to the player that itis the character, not
he, that is being singled out.

If possible, try to separate the characters — for in-
stance, someone hears two thuds, one in the east hall and
one in the west hall, and might be tempted to investigate
both. Slane will follow the party containing Chip. At the
first good opportunity, he will capture the character and
drag him away. If, for some reason, Slane does not manage
tocapture Chip the first time, he will try repeatedly until he
finally gets the mortal.

Just after Slane has taken the character and the others
notice (perhaps they see his flashlight lying on the ground
or they hear him cry out), have their flashlights go dim one
by one, and then die. The characters will need to improvis
using the materials in the house if they wish to see. Torches
are one possibility — there is plenty of heavy cloth in the

bedrooms, some wood near the fireplace in the library, and
some old cooking oil in pantry. There are some battered
flashlights lying around the house in various closets, but
none of their batteries work. Two of the characters have
cigarettes and lighters in their backpacks.

At this point, you may want to switch to the captured
character to tell the player what is happening to him. The
ranger has blindfolded, gagged and tied him,
and is carrying him down steps — this he knows, for he can
feel the jolts each time his captor takes a stride. If the
racter struggles, Slane slaps him hard, taking care not to
knock him unconscious.

mysterious

ct

He brings the character to the secret ritual room in the
basement (the character hears a metal clang and feels a rush
of air, as if his captor had shut a heavy metal door behind
them — the bulkhead in the basement). Putting him in a
corner, Slane then proceeds to prepare for the ritual without
saying a word to the sacrificial victim.

As the character sits bound against the icy wall, his skin
begins to crawl, as if an evil presence is lurking about him.
He hears the sound of someone (presumably his captor)
moving about in the room, the intermittent rustle of pages
being flipped, the crackle of fire (a torch, although he does
not know this), and some low chanting, the words of which
he cannot discern (they are in an ancient tongue).

After about an hour of this seemingly interminable
waiting, Slane removes the character's blindfold. The char-
acter can see neither Slane's face, for a witch's cowl hangs
over it, nor Slane's body, for it is similarly covered. Slane
carries him to the center of the room and steps into a chalk
pentagram drawn on the concrete floor.

Here you may want to cut back to the other characters;
going back to themat this point will build dramatic tension.
Manipulate events so that, if they have not already, the
characters discover that their companion is missing. The
most natural (and most humane) reaction is to begin a
search for him, and thus you have an opportunity to bring
the characters face to face with Slane.

A thorough search of the house will eventually bring
the characters to the basement, where the ritual is taking
place. As soon as they go down the stairs, have them make
Perception + Alertness rolls (difficulty 4) to hear Slane
chanting somewhere beneath them. They need only search
a few meters more before they discover the bulkhead.

If the characters make enough noise outside the bulk-
head door, Slane's concentration will be ruined and he will
need to start the ritual anew. Essentially, unless the charac-
ters can think of a way to tunnel into the room or break
down the bulkhead door, this is the only way to get Slane to
come out.

When he does, he will be rather annoyed, and will use
his powers to round up the rest of the characters, bind and
gag them, and bring them into the secret room with their
friend. He will use them as sacrifices for the spirit if he feels
that it wants them. Otherwise, he intends to take their vita
when he uncloaks himself after the ritual.

If the characters cannot find a way to enter the secret
chamber and they do not make themselves heard enough to
bother Slane, they will still run into both the Crawler and
Slane when the elder later botches the ritual. If they are
anywhere near the bulkhead, they will hear Slane chanting
and hear the muffled screams of their missing friend.

The Ritual: Ther
of this scene. One is that the characters are all sacrificial
victims, bound and gagged in the ritual room; the other is
that none or only some are so.

e two possibilities for the last part

In the first case, the ritual proceeds normally; Slane
chants mysterious words that sound evil to the characters'
ears, while drawing a great circle about himself in chalk.
Various occult ingredients of the ritual — eyeballs, tongues
and so forth — are scattered about the room in a seemingly
random pattern (Slane has not blindfolded them, as he
wishes their terror to reach a climax upon seeing the spirit
manifest).

The characters' skins crawl as they feel the room
immersed in a darkness that deepens with each diabolic
word slipping from'Slane's lips: Finallyza‘poreal of roiling
gray clouds opens before the characters and a hideous spirit

Book Two: Identity Crisis


creature thrusts its heads and mouths through it. It ap-
proaches the virgin character slowly. It then kills him
hideously.

Slane, thinking that the Ritual of Manifesting has been

successful, removes his hood and turns to the characters on

the other side of the room. An evil smile spreads across his
face as he begins to chant the first few lines of the Ritual of
Controlling. Suddenly, the portal slams closed about the
spirit's "waist" and disappears into an invisible mist a few
meters away. The spirit remains, but is clearly outraged (it
lets loose an unearthly shriek that sounds like nails against
a chalkboard).

Slane realizes that virgin blood was not enough, and his
jaw drops in astonishment and terror. The spirit approaches
Slane's back (and the characters), and, because of his
positioning, the characters are able to see the utter terror on
Slane's face. Then, grinning strangely, he mutters, "Itshould
have been Kindred vita?
his nails curve into claws, and his fangs lengthen. Suddenly

as his eyes grow wide and red,

he whips around to face the spirit like a cornered animal.

If nothing else interferes, Slane fights the spirit, wreck-
ing the room in the process (so that it looks like the state it

is in when the vampire characters enter with him). Slane's

objective is to flee, so don't make the fight last long; a few
seconds at best, and he slips through the bulkhead door to
flee to the upper floor of the basement. The spirit pursues

him to the entrance hall (it can go no farther than 100 yards

beyond it). In the meantime, the characters have a chance
to free themselves from their bonds if they can. Give them

three turns before they feel the chill of the spirit's approach.

As the characters struggle to free themselves, have one
of them notice a flagstone covering one section of the floor
start to slide toward him, revealing a dark hole in the
ground. Out of it crawls a hideous monster (a Nosferatu
a member of the Web who has only now realized that she is
at risk).

The Nosferatu climbs quickly to her feet, glances at the
characters, and rushes off without saying a word. Under no
circumstances will she stop to help, for she knows that she
is running to save her life. A few seconds later, however, the
characters hear her shrill cry, as the spirit finds a meal

The characters (whoever happens to be in the room
when the Nosferatu emerges) may opt to try to escape down
the hole, which is an entrance to the Montpelier headquar-
ters of the Nosferatu Web. Through the hole is a seven-foot
drop (which may be a little difficult for those whose hands
and feet are bound) onto packed dirt and sharp stones.

The tunnel into which the hole opens leads to a small,
dank room ornamented with radio receivers, two phones
and a computer (not in use at the time). A door on the far
end of the room opens onto a tunnel that leads down to the

boathouse on one end of the Silverbrook property. Two

piles of Nosferatu ash sit at the entrance to this tunnel —the

104 Dark Colony


Nexus Crawler struck these two Nosferatu from behind (as
they ran toward the boathouse exit), drained them of all
their blood, and mutilated them.

At this point, the characters hear the spirit approach-
ing them from the tunnel below the basement. If they try to
call for help using the telephones in the room, they have less
plain their desperate
tuation to the police or the operator before the spirit

than two rounds (count them) to e:

attacks.

Anyone who tries to trace the call will fail, for the
Nosferatu have taken pains to make their phon
y phone in Burlington);

s traceable

only to the wrong location (a p:

because of that, the police will incorrectly assume that the
call isa prank. Nevertheless, if it appears that the telephone
call will attract too much mortal attention to Silverbrook,
you can always have the spirit, with its many malevolent
grins, pull the phone cables out of the wall at the last
moment.

Escape: If the characters, Houdini-like, somehow man-
age to escape their bonds, they still need to find a way out
of the basement very quickly — within three turns (as
above). Any characters who find themselves free of the
basement within that amount of time, including any whom
Slane did not round up with the rest, must face the spirit on
the first floor and the wings as it attempts to capture and
consume the escapees.

It is possible, though unlikely, that a character or two
will elude the insanity that ensues after the ritual is inad-
equately performed. If any characters do, they must make
Courage rolls to see if they have acquired terror-based
Derangements. At any rate, outside in the woods, three of
Pendragon's agents wait and watch.

If a character manages to escape the manor, have one
of these agents pursue him. When (not if) the agent catches

him, she asks the character what is happening inside. She

does not offer any information about who she is or why she

is there; she simply regards the character as a useful source

of information, as if he were a video camera or a book.
Whether or not the character gives her the information she
desires, she subsequently kills him for his vitae.

While it seems like the characters are having, to say the
least, a bad day, the point of the scene is not to put the
players through roleplaying hell, but to reveal to them the
identity of the murderer whom their vampire characters
must face in the final scene and to give them the clues
necessary to deal effectively with the threat.

Ifyou have accomplished this, you have actually helped
the players and their vampire characters to prepare for
Scene Three and the epilogue. Additionally, facing the

horrors of Silverbrook as mortals may lend the players a
fresh perspective on the identities of their vampire charac-
ters when they return to them in the next scene.

Aftermath

When Mike and Dave returned to pick up their frat
brothers, they found the bodies. Then the Nexus Crawler
found them, slaying the two at the edge of the lake as they
ran from the manor. Their bodies now rest at the bottom of
the water, but will rise soon. The other members of the
fraternity are now worried and have called the police, asking
them for help. The police will arrive the morning after
Scene Three.

Scene Three:
Showdown

Scene Three is the culmination of the clues, informa-

tion and actions that the characters have gathered or
zed in throughout the previous scenes of the story. Its
goal is to resolve the immediate conflict, primarily by
solving the mystery of Slane's past. However, it also deals
with the problem of the spirit, of Slane, and of the Lupines
that now have the characters surrounded.

enge

It begins as the characters rush to find and stop Slane.
To compound their problems further, a pack of angry
Wendigos (werewolves that were drawn to the immense
level of spiritual energy growing within the mansion) have
tracked Slane to Silverbrook and begun to circle the manor,
howling eerily in the night.

Ifthe characters have traveled with Slane to Silverbrook
and are now inside the manor, they are between a rock and
a hard place: Slane and the Crawler on one hand and the
Lupine menace on the other. Alternately, if the characters
are outside the manor spying on Slane, they are faced with
the unhappy prospects of trying to slip past or fight the
Lupines in order to leave the area, or of entering the
mansion for protection.

The key to the characters' escape or victory lies either
in understanding the clues presented in Scene Two or in
s of

manipulating events so that the characters' two
enemies turn against each other. Certainly, it would be best
to banish the spirit, but if that does not work, the spirit will
not object to drinking the potent blood of Slane or the
and, by shifting the spirit's target, the
characters divert the werewolves and thus gain a chance to
escape.

werewolves outside

Outright fighting, of course, is not the wisest choice,
unless the characters are somehow able to muster enough
force to defeat nine werewolves, a powerful spirit, and an
unfriendly seventh-generation Cainite elder ...

Werewolf Option: To develop the theme of identity,
the Storyteller might even want to shift the story to a
Werewolf one. Because this requires possession of Werewol!
The Apocalypse, details for doing this are not provided. All
the Storyteller need do, however, is hand the players tem-
porary werewolf characters (or have them prepare ones

Book Two: Identity Crisis

ahead of time) and tell them that just as their vampire
characters are about to be attacked by all three forces at
once, they are shifting perspectives. They then play out the
remainder of Scene Three fighting the minion of the Wyrm
and a few nasty vampires. See the epilogue for more sugges-
tions on further possibilities.

Setting
Scene Three takes place within the confines of the
Silverbrook property.

Drama and Dialogue

Whether or not the characters have participated in the

previous scene's optional flashback, they should be inside
the manor, Slane should have at least begun to perform, if
not succeeded in performing, the last third of the ritual, and
nine werewolves should have surrounded Silverbrook's
grounds. What happens next depends largely upon the
decisions that the characters make.

If they attempt to interrupt the ritual, the spirit may be
freed of all constraints, it may attack Slane, or it may be
summoned properly anyway. If the characters successfully
ruin the ritual, thus unleashing the spirit, Slane may have to
he remembers the terrible night
when the spirit attacked him and he fled in Rétschreck.

make a Courage roll as

Alternately, if you do not want Slane to make such a roll,
you may assume that he has not yet remembered that
on (yet) to be

portion of his history, and thus has no rez
terrified.

If, on the other hand, the characters opt to fight any or
all of their foes in an out-and-out battle without first getting
some sort of external help, the chances that they will die the
Final Death are great. Th
for them to handle alone. If the players do not realize this

se forces are simply too powerful

after the first round of battle, you might give them a subtle
hint.

Aspreviously mentioned, the cha alsohandle
the conflict by turning one force against another. The
characters may think of this anyway if they have already
learned that werewolves and the particular type of spirit that
they face are archenemies. If they have not, they may
discover it on their own by leading the Nexus Crawler
outside (intentionally or otherwis

‘ters ma

), where the werewolves

are poised to destroy the Cainite:

In any case, the nine werewolvessummoned by Araqois
in Chapter Two reach the manor's walls 10 rounds after
Slane performs the ritual (successfully or not). If the char-
acters have not escaped the manor by that time, or if for
some reason they do not want to, the Lupines knock down
the doors and enter.

If the spirit is still present and it senses the presence of
its archnemeses, it immediately withdraws from whatever it
is currently doing and attacks the werewolves. If the spirit is
under Slane's control, it will do as he wishes — defending
him in whatever way seems necessary

If Slane manages to complete the ritual successfully
(perhaps sacrificing Sarah Raines if you do not want to kill

one of the characters), his next goal is to leave the manor as
soon as possible. He now knows that it is a dangerous locale,
both in terms of Lupine and mortal interest (police will be
looking for the fraternity boys in the morning). Thus, Slane
will take the spirit to Pendragon as soon as he is sure that it
iscompletely underhis control, not realizing that Pendragon's

followers have orders to kill him on sight.

If the characters have not joined forces with Slane at
all, but have been following him since the beginning of the
story, have the ritual take place within the manor, but
a den or a living
room. The characters can still play out the flashback in
Scene Two (b), but they will probably not find the journal
before Slane does. Instead, they may find the occult books
in the library. These can give them some needed informa-
tion about the nature of the spirit that they will be facing.

somewhere visible from the outside

Unless the characters stop him, Slane sacrifices Sarah
Raines and puts the spirit under his own control. The nine
Lupines in the woods gradually surround and approach the
characters, who are either watching Slane or interrupting
his ritual. The characters are then faced with the dilemma
described abov

Epilogue

Whatever the results of Chapter Three, there will be
repercu
Kindred, Lupine and mortal alike. The decision as to the

ssions throughout a number of communities —

intensity of these repercussions is solely up to the Story-
teller.

The outcome of Chapter Three may cause an outright
war between Kindred and Lupines, perhaps affecting the
battle Pendragon is planning to wage against Mowgli's
Order along the New Hampshire :
News of the frat brothers' deaths may arouse the curiosity of
a vampire hunter, and cause him to investigate the site of
Silverbrook.

Moreover, there are still Kindred factions looking' for
Slane that may not know what has happened at Silverbrook.
These factions — members of Trajan's Web are a good
example — may hire or request the characters to follow
Slane as he heads towards New Hampshire with the spirit.
IfSlane is dead, they may ask the characters to find out what
his purposes were.

nd Vermont border.

There are a myriad of possible supplementary stories to
"Identity Crisis." Who knows — Mowgli himself might
even bestow honorary membership in his Order upon the
characters for destroying Pendragon's plan! Have fun with
the results of the showdown in Scene Three, and try to get
your characters further embroiled in the politics of the
region with each decision they make.

Dark Colony


Appendix:

Characte

Ghouls
Shari

Shari is Jude Franken's ghoul. She is helpful to those
who seem disposed to respect her Regnant (she is Blood
Bound) and kind to those who both respect and serve her
Regnant. Think of Shari as Jude's bodyguard and, when she
is not around Jude, her informer.

She is totally loyal to Jude, who treats her well, but she
does have her own life — for example, she is very interested
in starting a rock band (although she does not have the
talent) and will react well to those who seem to share her
interests. She also likes to play tackle football in her spare
time. Her apartment is located in Boston, near Bottoms Up
(Jude's bar)

Shari is a good-looking 24-year-old; she dresses fash-
ionably, and is both trim and slightly muscular, for she

exercises regularly. Her hair is short and dark, and her eyes

large and brown. She comes across as a liberated, self-
e Backgrounds: Mentor 1, Resources |
confident young woman who has a bit of the tomboy in her.

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Nature: Caregiver :
Humanity: 8
Demeanor: Deviant Will j

es < illpower: 6
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3 The College Students

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1 Described below are the personalities and Traits of the

Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Music (Guitar) 1,
Stealth 1

Knowledges: Occult 1, Politics 1

Di

college students who arrive at Silverbrook Manor for their
h
the players choose which characters they want to play. The

n playing out the flashback in Scene Two (b), have

only student that the players must take is the Virgin, as he

is Slane's sacrificial victim. If the number of players is

iplines: Potence 1, Celerity 1

Book Two: Identity C

greater than the number of characters listed here, make up
some of your own or create more than one character based
on the types below.

The Virgin: Chip (Yeager)

You're the naive rural bumpkin from Nebraska. You
consider Montpelier, Vermont the "big city" and look to
your frat brothers to show you how to "git the gurls." You try
to act urban, but your facade is as obvious as a country
mouse's. Think of Woody in Cheers, but with some intelli-
gence.

Major: Agriculture

Physi

Social: Chi

I: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
isma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 1

Ta

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Fishing 1, Hunting 1,
Naturalist 1, Ride 2

Knowledges: Agriculture 1

Brawl 1, Empathy 2

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Humanity: 10
Willpower: 5

The Jock: Vince (Baker)

You're in school on a football scholarship, care nothing
for your classes and have only declared a major because your
advisor forced you to. You're naturally popular and you vie
with the Preppy for leadership of the group. You like to pick
akness reminds you of how you

on the Virgin because his w

feel about yourself; the Virgin, however, doesn't always
know that you're teasing him, and that makes you feel bad

enough to treat him like a little brother at times.

Major: Football, Business (in that order)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 2
Skills: Carousing 2, Drive 2
None
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
8

Knowledges:

Humanity

Willpower: 5

The Brain: Eugene
(Byron Persnimple)
You're the guy who's invited into the frat to doeveryone's
homework for them. You're extremely book-smart; you eat
trig formulas for breakfast. You do very well in physics and
your dorm room isa chemistry lab. Yet, although you're very
intelligent, you're not always perceptive; often, you don't
understand people's emotions, you misinterpret them, and
your reaction to their dilemmas is way off. Because you're
brainy, you're friendly with the nerdy girls, and the Jock
likes to tease you about this
Major: Physics, Electrical Engineering
Phys
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental:
Talents: None
Ski
Knowledges: Computer 3, Chemistry 1,

al: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina |

Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Yarousing 1, Debate 2, Drive 1, Research 1

Engineering 2, Physics 2, Science 3

108

Dark Colony


)

Willpower:
The Nut: Eddie (Rojas)

You will do anything for attention — or maybe you're
just plain crazy. Either way, you'll risk your neck doing
things none of the other frat members would consider, and
so you make a good brother to have if the boys want to play
a prank on other fraternities. You attract girls initially, but
they always end up breaking up with you once they find out
how weird you really are.

Art
ical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 1, Artistic Expression 1, Athletics 2,
Brawl 2, Dodge 2

Skills: Bungee Jumping 1, Carousing 2, Drive 2

Knowledges: Art History |

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 1, Courage 4

Humanity: 8

Winston

The Preppy: Winston (Douglas III)

Mum and Poppy wanted you to go to Yale, but you
didn't apply yourself enough in Brimfield Academy for
Boys. So here you are, in Montpelier Community College,
studying poli sci. You're on the golf team and tennis club,
but these are mere hobbies. Someday, you're certain, you'll
be in Congress (choose a political affiliation that suits you),
taking over Daddy's seat. You vie with the Jock for control
of the group; what you lack in sheer aggression and com-
manding stature you make up for in subtler manipulation
and wit.

Major: Political Science

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Athletics 2, Diplomacy 2, Dodge 1,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Boat Handling 1, Bribery 1, Carousing 2, Drive 2,
Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Finance 1, Politics 2

Book Two: Identity Crisis


Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
8
5.

Humanity:

Willpowe!
The Metalhead: Jeff (Easton)

Youare what jerks like Winston Douglas III calla burn-
out. Wasted youth. Your idols are the giants of the heavy
metal and thrash scene, bands like Motorhead and Metallica.
Classes are boring; it's only the music that matters anyway.
That and maintaining a good buzz at all times. You don't
bathe often and your Black Sabbath T-shirt has not been
washed for months.

You probably would never have been recruited by the
frat if it weren't for your ability to obtain certain special
substances when necessary. You prefer to keep to yourself,
shut off from the outside world by the headphones that are
perpetually stuffed in your ears, slowly deafening you with
the strains of Megadeth.

Major: Music

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Streetwise |

Skills: Dancing 1, Drive 2, Music 2

Secult 1

Knowledge:
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 5

Spirits

The Nexus Crawler

The spirit trapped in Silverbrook Manor is a powerful
member ofa class of spirits known as Nexus Crawlers. These
creatures are extremely deadly and alien, and are the utter
enemies of werewolves (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse for
more information).

This Crawler is of such loathsome appearance that all
creatures seeing it when it manifests must make Willpower

checks to avoid fleeing. Those who fail the check and are

prone to frenzy (vampires, werewolves, and ghot
nce) will fly intoRétschreck, just as Slane did when the

instz

creature manifested for the first time at Silverbrook. How-
ever, those who have previously encountered the Crawler
and are mentally prepared for it lower their difficulties to
resist Rétschreck by one.

As far as one can read sentience and emotion into the
Crawler's behavior, it does not appear that the spirit is
unhappy about being summoned; it is, however, unhappy
that it can only partially manifest. Because it is so trapped,
it is anchored to Silverbrook, and it is strongest in the
basement, where Slane opened the spiritual portal (see the
background to "Identity Crisis").

The creature possesses the ability to warp reality, creat-
ing illusions of varying strengths. By spending one Blood
Point, it can cause a minor rent in the fabric of reality —
creating a blurry and distorted illusion, causing a normal fire
to light, changing the facial features of an individual or
decreasing the temperature in a localized area. For three
Blood Points, the Crawler may cause more serious changes
— altering a stone floor to a quicksand-like substance,
changing steel to silver, changing the sweat of a foe to
sulfuric acid, creating a sharp, clear illusion that affects sight
and sound, or darkening the area to pitch night. The
Crawler may damage foes with these effects or simple blasts
of raw entropic destabilizing force — the damage of such is
three dice (aggravated) and it must make an attack roll
based on its Willpower.

For five Blood Points, the Nexus Crawler may cause
truly spectacular effects — turning a person's bones into
jelly, changing the air to carbon monoxide, removing a
vampire's entire face (and all sensory organs), creating an
illusion that affects all senses, altering the entire floor of a

room to silver. At this level, attacks from the Crawler cause

six dice of aggravated damage.

When the Crawler materializes (manifests), it gains
one point of Physical Attributes for each Blood Point spent,
and may regenerate damage to its physical form by spending
one point per Health Level to be regained. By expending 20
Points, the Crawler may Reform, dissipating and reforming
somewhere else, usually far away from its enemies. If the

Crawler comes under Slane's control, Slane can command
it to use any of its powers for his own purposes. Listed below

Dark Colony


are the Attributes the Crawler prefers to assume. If any of
the characters (unwisely) uses Auspex 5 to fight the Crawler
on the astral plane, the spirit does not need to use Blood
Points to acquire these Physical Attributes; it automatically
has them.

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: None

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Scan 3

Skills: Camouflage 3, Hunting 5, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Lupine Lore 3, Spirit Lore 5

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 6, Potence 2, Path of
Conjuring (Thaumaturgy) 5

Humanity: 0
Willpower: 9
Blood Pool: 60

Other Spirits

The spirits in the basement of Silverbrook Manor are
harmless. They have no power over the physical world; they
cannot make any noise, create magical effects or anything
else. The only thing they can do is
Kindred and cluster there. They appear vague and dark and

sense the presence of

they are often quite frightening to view (they have distorted
human features, misshapen limbs and grotesque, unnatural
appendages).

If, however, one of the characters uses Auspex 5 (Psy-
chic Projection) to enter the spiritual world (an unwise
move with the Nexus Crawler in the vicinity), these spirits
can and will interact with him "physically." Unless the
vampire attacks them, they simply tug on his arms and legs,

mutely staring up into his eyes with expressions of unutter-
able horror on their faces.

one of the

If the vampire has ever killed someone
spirits tugging on him will have that person's appearance.
None of the spirits is capable of speaking, but they may
moan or mutter unintelligibly while pawing at the charac-
ter.

If the character attacks one of them (using claws or
fangs), it does not defend itself; it simply takes the wounds
(from which disgusting things like pus and maggots should
ooze), then disappears. The others scatter into the distance.

Essentially, these spirits are the embodiments of death,
of unjust evil done to the innocent since time immemorial,
evil that was never redressed. They have nothing to say, no
information to impart (unless you want to add a twist to the
story by having them be the ghosts of the dead college
students). They are errant spirits, doomed to wander end-
lessly and attracted to the uncouth.

Vampires

Zachariah Slane

Born in Manchester, England in 1701, Zachariah was a
lonely child of neglectful parents. He developed a fascina-
tion with witchcraft and the occult at an early age. Because
his parents rarely ever paid attention to him, it was an easy
matter to conceal his hobby from them. Shuttled from
church school to church school, Zachariah found it difficult
to make friends and eventually stopped bothering alto-
gether, preferring to bury his nose in tomes of occult lore
borrowed from the library of hi

trange uncle.

It was in 1715, when Zachariah was 14 years old, that
he first saw Mariah Haige. A petite woman from London,
she paused from her travels every year to stop at the
Sherborn Academy for Boys and tell ghost stories on Hal-
loween night. Zachariah became more intrigued by Mariah
every year; he was fascinated and aroused by her unusual
manner, dark countenance and incredible knowledge of the
occult. There was something awakening within him and she
seemed to know it, to caress it and nurture it. Upon turning
18, Mariah offered him apprenticeship in witchcraft and he
accepted without h

esitation.

ars later, M
trip" to Vienna that lasted more than a decade. Slane

One night, five y iah took an "emergency

survived as best he could, starting his own apothecary and

vaiting for her to return. When she finally returned 14 years
later, Mariah told him that she was going to try to make him
a full member of her order. She brought him before the
members of Clan Tremere and asked for permission to
Embrace him. After seven days
ind Zachariah was Embraced.

of deliberation, the clan

agreed to her request

Over the course of many decades Zachariah learned the
secrets of Thaumaturgy. He also learned about the other
clans and the war between his own clan and the British
Ventrue. In 1789, he was sent to Winchester to bolster its
weakened chantry, and in 1802 he was sent to Boston to
assist the elder known as Baladin with his Boston Chantry.
Zachariah was among the survivors of the war between
Baladin, Madeline Coventry and the Sabbat. Fleeing south
jadin's and Coventri
rtford Chantry, but he never forgot the

with the remnants of s forces, he
helped build the H

bitter taste of abandoning Boston.

For more than halfa century, Zachariah worked hard to
earn political clout within the new chantry and push his
ideas for rebuilding in Boston. His proposals were consis-
tently rejected and his ambitions were uniformly seen as
threatening to the Regent. When the Triad invaded in
1895, all of Zachariah's hard work went down the drain as
much of New England suddenly fell under the choking grip
of invading British Kindred. The Regent of Hartford, John
Reiss, refused to allow Zachariah even to investigate the

Book Two: Identity Crisis

plausibility of reentering Boston, feeling that the clan's
complete attention was best focused on the problems at
hand in Connecticut.

After 90 years of occupation, it was clear to Zachariah
that the British were in New England to stay. He decided it
was time to use them to the advantage of Clan Tremere
instead of waiting for the Hartford Chantry to become yet
another victim of the war against the Sabbat. He left

Hartford and embarked on his ambitious plan to gain the
favor of Roman Pendragon, and ultimately, to secure his
Regency of a new Boston Chantry.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Mariah Haige (destroyed)

Natur

Durmudgeon
Demeanor: Loner
Generation: 7th

Embraced: 1741 (born 1701)
Apparent Age: 40

Phy

Social

ical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

harisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,

Intimidation 4, Scan 3, Search 3, Sense Deception 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 3,
Research 2

Knowledges: Kindred Lore 3, Linguistics 4, Lupine
Lore 2, Mage Lore 4, Medicine 3, Occult 5, Politics 2,
Science 2, Spirit Lore 2
5,
tude 2, Obfuscate 1, Potence 3, Protean 2, Serpentis 1,

Jelerity 4, Dominate 5, Forti-

Disciplines: Auspes

Thaumaturgy 6

Paths: Corruption 4, Lure of Flames 5, Movement of
the Mind 5

Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Deflection of
Wooden Doom, Donning the Mask of Shadows, Wake with
Morning's Freshness, Communicate with Kindred Sire,
Ward vs. Lupine, Ward vs. Kindred, Ward vs. Ghoul, Call
Spirit, Manifest Spirit, Control Spirit
Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 2

Background:
Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Humanity: |

Willpower: 8

Regional Secrets: B+

Haven: House in Hartford, Connecticut
Image: Six-three, handsome and powerfully built,
Zachariah wears a black trenchcoat over his gray Armani
suit. He has piercing gray eyes and loose white hair that falls
to his shoulders. His jaw is square and his chest broad.
Roleplaying Hints: For most of the story, you are lost
and suspicious of everyone and everything. You trust the
characters only so faras it suits your purpose (regaining your
memory), but never tell them anything you think might
make you vulnerable (for example, the clan to which you

belong). In fact, if characters are trying to help you remem-
ber that you are a vampire, they may be easily tricked into
revealing their own clans. This sort of probing for informa-
tion is important for you, and it must be roleplayed out
carefully. It should never become obvious that you are
questioning them for your own purposes; be subtle.

In Chapter Three, when you regain all your memories
and your true personality returns, you are imperious and
always in control. Never show any emotion. You always
assess and measure others. What you find rarely ever im-
presses you. One important thing to keep in mind is that to
you all weaker Kindred are expendable. Remember this
during Chapter Three if the characters try to appeal to your
nonexistent sense of community.

Influence: Zachariah's influence within the Hartford
Chantry was usually pretty spare. He never could subdue his
passion for rebuilding the Boston Chantry enough to ap-
pease his elders, and the friction this caused kept him from
gaining any widespread support among his peers. While
some Tremere in Hartford agree with him to some extent,
they never openly admit it. Now that he has gone rogue, his
influence within the chantry is nil

Special Rituals: Zachariah f
Spirit and Manifest Spirit from a scroll stolen from the

red out how to cast Call

Cloven Hoof Coven. Through murderous experimentation
in Silverbrook Manor he was able to summon the Nexus
Crawler. His understanding of the Manifest Spirit ritual,
however, was flawed. It was his failure with this ritual that
precipitated the events in this story. However, by Chapter

Three, he will have figured out that the crucial component

in the Manifest Spirit ritual is not the blood of a mortal

virgin, but something far more powerful: Kindred vitae

Zachariah Slane

Dark Colony


Manifest Spirit Ritual: In order to complete the Mani-
fest Spirit ritual properly, Slane must speak an incantation

that lasts for three turns while lighting five black candles.

He must then begin another incantation that lasts another
three turns, while placing each candle on one of the five
pentacle points of the manifestation ring painted on the
floor.

Lastly, he must chant a complex Latin incantation for
as many turns as it takes the spirit to manifest completely.
This is an extended action in which he rolls Wits +
Thaumaturgy (difficulty 7) each turn. Upon obtaining 10
successes, the Nexus Crawler has completely manifested
(ie., has a completely physical presence on this plane) and
is hungry for Kindred vitae.

Slane must continue the incantation until he scores

three more successes (for a total of 13). This reflects the

to the ritual that directs the Nexus

modification he mad
Crawler to seek its sustenance from someplace other than
the manifestation ring. If it takes longer than one turn for
Slane to obtain his 13th success, the Nexus Crawler attacks
him (see below). If, however, Slane scores the requisite 13
successes, the spirit rampages through the entire mansion

and f ny and all Kindred or Lupines it finds.

ts upor

Control Spirit Ritual: While the spirit is feeding,
Slane can perform the Control Spirit ritual. Ironically
All Slane has to do
once the Nexus Crawler has completely manifested (i.e.,

enough, this is the easiest of the thre

after he has successfully cast the Manifest Spirit ritual), is
speak an incantation lasting two turns while drawing one
Blood Point of his own vitae and pouring it over the
awler

manifestation ring drawn on the floor. The Nexus C:
will obey Slane from this point forward as though Domi-
nated (read: the spirit will not be happy at all with this
arrangement but will have no choice in the matter).
Should Slane be attacked by the Nexus Crawler, he
must make a Courage roll each turn he and the Nexus
Crawler are in contact with one another. Failure, of course,
precipitates Rotschreck, but he may not get away this time
Keep in mind that at this point the spirit wants Slane more

than the characters and will concentrate exclusively upon

him until he is dead. However, the Nexus Crawler is now
under no one's control and free to cause as much death and

destruction as it wishes.

Should any player-character Thaumaturgist in the
troupe wish to attempt the Control Spirit ritual, she must

know Sanskrit, have four levels of Thaumaturgy and suc-
cessfully read the scroll (to learn what to do) by making an
Intelligence + Linguistics roll (difficulty 7) and scoring
three successes.

Then the character must follow through as described
xus Crawler

previously. Thisaction temporarily placesthe Ne
under the character's control. Every hour, the spirit may
aracter's control. Only sheer will-

5c

attempt to escape the c

power can prevent the spirit from breaking loose. Each hour

the character must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 9).

Sarah Raines

Any successes gained in excess of one can be used as
successes in subsequent hours (but rolls may still be made to
accumulate even more successes). A failure (even on rolls
made during hours covered by previously accumulated suc-
cesses) means the Nexus Crawler breaks free, and a botch
means that the character also loses a Willpower point

Sarah Raines

Sarah Raines is a Gangrel whose sire deserted her the
night of her Embrace and later sold her mortal father to a

Sarah discovered his be-

witch coven. Years later, when
trayal, she destroyed her unsuspecting sire and one of the
witches of the coven. On the night she killed the witch, the
coven magically subdued the wild Gangrel and captured
her.

She has since learned from the witches, who taunt her
nightly, that they killed her father as a blood sacrifice during
a demon-summoning ritual, and that Lang, her sire, sold
him in exchange for a petty favor.

The coven keeps Sarah spiritually tethered toa voodoo
doll, feeding her a minimal amount of blood in order to
torture her alive. She is pale, dreadfully thin and wild with
bloodthirst, yet, with the doll in the witches' possession,
Sarah cannot escape. Lang's betrayal remains a mystery to
her, and her rage, misery and madness grow daily. She will
make any kind of deal in order to free herself, and she is
obsessed with the idea of annihilating the Twisted Horn
Coven.

Clan: Gangrel

Jonathan Lang
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Loner
Generation: 13th

Book Two: Identity Crisis


Embrace: 1963
Apparent Age: 19

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Climbing 2, Drive 2, Firearms 3,
Hunting 1, Orienteering 2, Ride 3, Stealth 1, Survival 2

Knowledges: Occult 1
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Fortitude 2, Protean 2
Backgrounds: None

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 1, Courage 5
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 5

Image: There is little that is striking about Sarah's
he

appearance, aside from her torture-induced gauntnes
is of average height, with long, glossy brown hair and wild,
wide hazel eyes. She ha
small features. For comfort, she wears oversized flannel

a tiny, sloped nose, freckles, and

shirts and jeans, although, in her present state, they are
tattered and filthy.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a half-crazed tomboy and
farmgirl with an eye for vengeance. Shove your hands deep
into your pockets when you speak and kick the dirt with
your foot. Act like a female Tom Sawyer, but talk a lot about
destroying the witch covens in the area.

Haven: Headquarters of the Cloven Hoof Coven,
Manchester, New Hampshire

Regional Secrets: F
Influence: None

Jude Franken

When Pug Jackson Embraced Jude, she was prepared
for the change. For years she and her boyfriend, Paul, had
been Pug's ghouls, offering their bar, Bottoms Up, as a
meeting place for members of the KOL. Jude was used to the
Redcoat raids, she was used to the Brujah, the gangs, the
violence — in fact, she even enjoyed it at times. The
Redcoats went too far, however, and all that changed.

When they first started raiding their bar, the Redcoats
would attack only the Kindred there. They had acquired a
vague knowledge of Pug Jackson's role as some sort of leader
of an American resistance effort, and they wanted to know
what he was planning. They knew that she and Paul were his
ghouls, but they ignored them, assuming vampires would
know more about Pug than mere ghouls would. Neverthe-
less, after continual failure, they turned on Jude and Paul.

They stormed the bar, destroying furniture and decora-

tions, chasing out Kindred and kine alike, and barging up to
the second story where Jude and Paul lived. Jude has never
forgotten that night: repeated questionings, sadistic torture,
rape —and then Paul's death. It was longand grotesque, and

they made her watch.

Jude Franken

He pleaded with them forhislife, humiliated himself by

sobbing bloody tears and begging on his knees for mercy
and, worse than anything she had seen that night, she

watched as he turned traitor, revealing Pug's whereabouts.

Disgust and pity and immeasurable rage toward the smug
British overwhelmed her at the sight of someone she had
loved groveling for favor with the Redcoats.

After being humiliated, threatened, raped and tor-
tured, Jude's only wish was that both she and Paul should at
least die with some dignity. The British had caused Paul to
betray her, and she loathed them for showing her the
weakness of Paul's love for her and her own loneliness in the
face of death.

Yet, just as they killed Paul and were turning to finish
off Jude, Pug Jackson anda pack of angry Brujah crashed into
the room. Brujah who had been injured when the Redcoats
had fled to tell Pug of the occurrence, and
he had come a 0 A
short fight ensued, the British were beaten and they sneaked

stormed the
s quickly as he could to get his reveng

off feeling lucky to have their unlives. Before the other
Brujah, Pug Embraced Jude and inducted her into the clan,
giving her a needed sense of family at a time when she felt
betrayed and fragile.

Since that night, Jude has fought the British in her own
way. She is a member of the KOL, but that isn't all. She has
contacts throughout Boston. These contacts report the
activities of the Redcoats to her nightly, which she then
relays to Pug. She has moved Bottoms Up to a different
location in Boston, but it maintains its familiar character
and atmosphere, and anarchs still meet there to conduct
what the British would consider shady and often highly
subversive business.

Dark Colony


Even though she is still a neonate, Jude herself has her
own ghoul, Shari, of whom she is highly protective. They
have a relationship more like that of friends than of master
and servant; they have similar lifestyles, they are both
feminists, and they are both street-smart — they pretty
much know when someone is feeding them bull and when
it is truth.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Pug Jackson

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1967

Apparent Age: 28

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Masquerade 3, Sense Decep-
tion 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 3
Knowledges: Finance 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Potence 3, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Mentor 1, Resources 2,
Retainers 1, Status |

Virtue:

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Image: Jude dresses in casual street clothes: tight tank

Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

tops, jeans, leather jackets andso forth. The only ornaments
she bothers to wear are a studded leather collar around her
neck and gold cross earrings. She has long, glossy black hair,
‘ge brown eyes. A fairly
s her opponents in combat

skin the color of chocolate, and
petite woman, she often surpris
with her unnatural strength, stamina and quickn

Be smooth, uncommitted and cat-

Roleplaying Hints
like. Project self-confidence by holding your head and
shoulders erect and create an air of nonchalance by raising
your eyebrows and blinking slowly at the person who is
speaking. When you speak, do so quietly, at your own pace,
confident that those about you are giving your words their
full attention.

Haven: Various —ever since the Redcoats invaded her
apartment at the original Bottoms Up, Jude never stays
anywhere long. Sometimes she stays at Leon's with Pug,
sometimes at a mortal's apartment, sometimes at Shari's
lodgings. She never stays at Bottoms Up during the day.

Regional Secrets: C

Influence: Jude has contacts in Boston's underworld
who, in turn, have their own contacts; collectively, they
serve to keep Jude informed about the Redcoats' actions
throughout the city. She relays this information to Pug

Jackson. Jude also has a ghoul named Shari (see Ghouls,
above) who acts as her bodyguard/informer/waitress for

Bottoms Up.

Redcoats

The Redcoats are the vampiric British police force that
Biltmore uses to keep American anarchs (and anyone else
he feels needs it) under control. "Lieutenants," elite ninth-
generation Redcoats, command two or three soldiers called
"Dogs," usually of 10th generation or higher. Together, the
Lieutenant and his Dogs form a vampiric patrol, called a
Squad.

Lieutenant
Character Creation: Attributes9/6/4. Abilities 18/9/3. Back-
7. Willpower: 8.
Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of thre
in Perception and Strength, which should be four.
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Drive 2, Firearms 3,
Melee 3, Stealth 2, Inv
Equipment: Lt. Auto. Pistol, Submachine Gun, Radio

grounds:

except

stigation 2

iplines: Varies — typically nine points divided
among Potence, Celerity, Fortitude and Dominate.
ig

Dogs

CharacterCreation: Attributes8/5/3. Abilities 17/9/3. Back-
grounds: 7. Willpower: 7.

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of two, except
in Perception and Strength, which should be three.

Suggested Abilities: Same as those of "Lieutenant,"
bur without Leadership.
Equipment: Lt. Auto. Pistol, Submachine Gun, Radio

Book Two: Identity Crisis

Disciplines: Varies—typically six points divided among

Potence, Celerity, Fortitude and Dominate

Werewolves

Araqois
In "Identity Crisis," Araqois is a werewolf unforgiving
of all
moned the Nexus Crawler that killed his packmates (one of

ampires. He particularly abhors Slane, who sum

whom happened to be Araqois' beloved half-brother). He is
only 25 years old, buthe has the inborn cunningand wisdom
of the wolf, as a pack of gray wolves raised him in the
Vermont forests. Araqois is quiet, vengeful and persistent
He seldom speaks; when he does, it is in a low, rasping
whisper with his fangs bared. He is a short, powerfully built
werewolf of wolf stock.

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Wendigo

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Cavalier

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Sense Deception 1

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Hunting 5, Melee 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 4, Tracking 4

Knowledges: Lupine Lore 3, Medicine 2, Occult 2,
Vermont Forests 4

Disciplines (equivalents): Animalism
Celerity 5, Fortitude 2, Potence 3

Auspex 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 8

Wendigos

Wendigo warriors are fierce packs of Native American
werewolves. The few packs left living in New England hate
vampires beyond measure, for they see the Cainites as
responsible for having ruined the Northeast. Because they
are aclosely knit people and a dying breed, anyone who kills
one of their members has a hunt upon his head — hence
Araqois' actions concerning Slane.

While most American Wendigos are best at guerrilla
tactics, the Wendigos of the Northeast are ready and willing
to fight openly if there is just cause; they have seen the
results of industrialization and the dwindling of the wood-
lands, they have survived white colonization and they will
not compromise any further. Fighting is all that is left to
them

Most of the Wendigos in the Northeast live as hermits
in the backwater villages of Vermont, New Hampshire and
Maine

raised as wolves and who live in the wilderness of these same

There are also a number of Wendigos who were

states. All of them are adept at surviving in the wild, and
very occasionally a hiker or some other unfortunate tres-
passer may glimpse one of them in his timber wolf form,
guarding the deep forest from intruders.

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of two, except

in Strength, Dexterity and Stamina, which should be three,

four or five (the Physical Attributes, of course, double when
werewolves are in wolf or half-wolf form).

Dark Colony


Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Animal Ken 4, Hunting 5, Melee 4, Stealth 4,
Survival 4, Tracking 4, Medicine 2, Occult 2

Equipment: Tomahawks, Rifles, Wooden Staves and

Clubs, Spears

erity 4, Forti-

Disciplines (equivalents): Auspex 2, Ce
tude 2, Potence 3
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 8

Witches

The witches in "Identity Crisis" are a crafty and unpre
dictable lot. Several attributes characterize them well
ambition, occult interest, dedication to their practice and
dedication to their coven. Like scholars, they dislike physi-
cal confrontation and prefer to use the subtler powers at
their disposal to rise above their competitors — powers of
persuasion, espionage and occult knowledge

Members of the Cloven Hoof Coven are particularly
averse to vampires, as they have had frequent and unpleas-
ant run-ins with them in the past over the possession of
Salem. They will not hesitate to use all the powers in their
grasp to oppose any Kindred whom they encounter. How-
ever, you should not necessarily see the witches as the "bad
guys," for the roots of this conflict reach deep into the
history of their relations with vampires in New England.
They are merely the unthinking and ambitious inheritors of
the values of a more adverse time.

High Warlock

Paths and Ritu: Use those listed under the

Thaumaturgy Discipline and/or make up ones of your own

Note that some of the Thaumaturgy rituals, such as Deflec-
tion of Wooden Doom, are not appropriate for witches

Special spells mentioned in "Identity Crisis" are described

below

Coven Members

uggested Attributes: Assume ratings of two, except
in Wits and Intelligence, which should be three or four.
Physical Attributes may be lower than two if you wish, since
the witches of the Cloven Hoof Coven are not physically

oriented
Su
tion 1, Leadership

sted Abilities: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Intimida-

Drive 1, Herbalism 2, Instruction 2,

Interrogation 1, Intrigue (Witch) 2, Kindred Lore 2, Lin-
guistics 2, Lupine Lore 2, Mage Lore 4, Medicine 1, Occult 4,

Research 2, Spirit Lore 2

Powers: Auspex 2, Thaumaturgy 1 to 4, excluding
blood magic

Willpower: 8

High Warlock

Attribute:
Intelligence and Charisma, which should be four,

Abilities: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Intimidation 2, Lead-
ership 4, Drive 1, Interrogation 2, Research 5, Kindred Lore 3,

Assume ratings of two, except in Wits,

Lupine Lore 3, Mage Lore 5, Occult 5, Spirit Lore 3
Powers: Auspex 5, Dominate 2, Thaumaturgy 5, ex-
cluding blood magic

Willpower: 10

Book Two:

identity Crisis


Coven Thaumaturgy Rituals

The Veils of Kirophet (Level Two): This ritual causes
adark, roiling mist to obscure a given area, while at the same
time allowing the caster to see through it as if it were not
there — in effect, everyone within the area except the caster
is physically blinded (anyone with Auspex, however, can
attempt a Perception + Alertness roll [difficulty 7]). The
ritual requires an Intelligence + Intimidation roll (difficulty
7). On a botch, the caster is both blinded and disoriented
with the same effect as that listed next to four successes,
below.
Lsuccess  Shapesappeardark and fuzzy tothe target's
vision, and the target can only see figures
that are standing two feet away.
2 successes The target literally can only see what is
under his nose.
3 successes The target cannot see at all.
The target cannot see and suffers from
minor disorientation (-1 to all Wits and
Orienteering rolls).

4 successes

The target cannot see and suffers from
major disorientation (-3 to all Wits and

5 successes

Orienteering rolls).

Raven Watchers (Level Four): This rit
the caster's foe into a raven and enslaves him for the rest of
his unnaturally short life. A victim so transformed gradually
loses his Intelligence (one point per month until he reaches
zero). Because the raven was once sentient, those with the
Discipline of Animalism cannot sway him until he loses all
semblance of human intelligence.

While under the enchantment, the affected watcher
will obey the exact mental commands of the caster to the
) broadcast any visual and aural
caster, just as a videocassette

best of its ability. It can al

information gathered to
recorder might. In order to focus upon this mental informa-
tion, however, the caster must concentrate, rolling [caster's
Perception + watcher's Intelligence (difficulty 6)]. The
number of successes achieved determines the clarity of the
Watcher's "broadcast" and the caster's reception of it.

The witch can hear loud noises through
the raven's ears, but can see nothing.

1 success

The witch can hear noises of medium
intensity, but can see nothing.

The witch can hear with perfect clarity
and can see patches of light and dark.

2 successes

3 successes

4 successes The witch can hear perfectly and see
fuzzy shapes (in black and white, of
course).
5 successes The witch can see and hear perfectly
through the raven's faculties.

In order to create a watcher, the witch must feed the
victim 13 kernels of Indian corn boiled in raven soup and
dried on a corn husk smeared with raven droppings, while

chanting the highly-guarded words of the ritual. The

Thaumaturgist then rolls Willpower (difficulty of the target's
Humanity). At least three successes are needed. Once
enslaved, a watcher will remain under the enchantment
until it dies. Witches continually replenish their supply of
watchers, however, for the mortality rate of watchers in
urban areas is high.

While the victims of this ritual are typically human, it

is said that two other versions of this ritual exist; the more

potent version (Level Five) allows the caster to transform

Kindred into raven watchers, while the weaker version
(Level Two) allows the caster to enslave ordinary ravens.
The latter is less desirable but also practiced more fre-
quently, for it is easier to enslave ordinary birds than it is to
transform and enslave humans. However, casters do benefit
from having human or Kindred subjects, for it is easier to
communicate with intelligent minds than those of birds.

Peace of the Dead (Level Four): This ritual causes the
victim to fall intoa deep slumber, akin to torpor in disadvan-
yes but not in benefits. The area of effect is based on the
number of successes obtained with a Manipulation + Occult
roll (difficulty 6):

1 success

One square yard
2 suce

10 square yards

3 suce

100 square yards

1000 square yards

5000 square yards

Each turn that a character (aside from the caster) is

4 succes

5 successes

within the area of effect, she must make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7) to remain unaffected. There are three levels of
success possible. A complete success or better (three or more
successes) means that the character remains completely
unaffected that turn. A moderate success (two successes)
means that the character feels drowsy and that all her Dice
Pools for the turn are reduced by one die. A marginal success
(one success) means that the character may perform no
actions during the turn. A failure means the character falls
asleep for two minutes (longer than combat typically lasts),

while a botch means the character falls asleep for two hours.

Soul Yoke (Level Four): A victim of this ritual finds
herself spiritually harnessed to a fetish (usually a doll). Like
all sympathetic magic, the victim directly experiences any
pain or pleasure inflicted upon the doll. If that which is done
to the doll would normally kill a human being or vampire
(such as decapitation or incineration), the victim dies.
However, the stimulus must be actively caused. Thus, the
victim would not feel pain if the doll were in a burning house
and caught fire by accident; however, if someone lit the
house on fire in order to burn the doll or if the doll were
thrown intoa fireplace maliciously, the victim would feel all
the effects of the fire.

Distance from the fetish makes no difference; the
victim can be one foot ora million miles away from the doll.
Only those who harbor no ill will toward the victim may

Dark Colony


destroy the doll and break the enchantment; the victim
cannot destroy it unless she is prepared to destroy herself in
the process.

The ritual requires an elaborate liturgy lasting two

hours and requiring a number of physical components.

Witches performing the ritual must place wax candles,
chalk, iron chains and hemp ropes around the victim (who
must be on a stone altar) in a perfect circle. Then, standing
outside the circle on a scrubbed floor, onto which are
scattered strands of ox hairs and droplets of diseased horse
blood, they must take turns chanting the words of the ritual

Once that has been accomplished, they must step
inside the circle, slit open the victim's forehead, and touch
the fetish doll to the victim's heart and to her forehead as it
bleeds. At this point, part of the victim's soul enters the doll;

one of the witches must then insert a hairpin through the

doll's heart to "pin" the soul to the fetish, and the pin
dissolves. When this has been done, the victim and the doll
are permanently linked.

Victims of Soul Yoke are not mentally controlled in the
magical sense; however, witches frequently use this ritual to
enslave victims by threatening them with unbearable pain
or death if they disobey. The victim takes damage equiva-
lent to that inflicted upon the doll (thus, a lighter held up
toa doll would be the equivalent to holding a torch to the
victim).

The victim may make a special soak roll using Will-
power instead of Stamina + Fortitude (even when the doll
is being burnt or exposed to sunlight). The pain that the

victim experiences in such circumstances is so great that she
is incapacitated during each round that she takes damage. In
order to avoid such incapacitation, the victim must spend a

Willpower point.

Book Two: Identity Crisis


Taconic Mountains

i

Portland

Massachusetts
Boston @

Rhode aes
Island

Connecticut


(pod id ddd i pd

} Tonight | arrive at Silverbrook, prepared to breach the boundary between this world and }
another. | keep this journal as a record of the minutiae involved in this ritual; one false step,

and | must commence anew. There is no need to record the first ritual. It is a simple one and
requires little effort. No, it is the Ritual of Manifesting that worries me.

But to begin: | come with an old man who, | have surmised, does not have family and has
few friends, and for these reasons, will not be missed. He makes poor company, in any case,
constantly muttering and whimpering as he does.

| have donned the witch's robes and lit the candles. | will record the ritual components as |
ready them. First, as the sage Akhempotet notes, one must know that there are boundaries
between this world and the other before one can breach them. Thus, | draw the circle of chalk
in the center of this room and behold that invisible wall growing before me as | do go. It is a
difficult thing to concentrate so wholly on that which is invisible that the visible all but disap-
pears — particularly with the old man whimpering. Yet it is done.

Now | sprinkle the ashes of the dead outside the circle to give the thing form. | hope that
it is ashes, not tears, that the scroll means; at this juncture, the Sanskrit is difficult to read.
So that it may have sight, | place three hawk's eyeballs at the three vortices of the invisible
triangle inscribed within the chalk circle. So that it may have bite, | place three wolf fangs an
inch beyond the eyes. So that it may give fright, | place three drops of human blood mixed with
indigo ink on both the eyes and the fangs.

| have killed the old man, stepped inside the circle, and chanted the words that the scroll
requires, | wait. Nothing seems to be happening; the old man is dead. Even now his dark blood
seeps into the cracks in the cement and dries. | grow weary. Could this be the wrong scroll?

The paragraph breaks here and then, in sloppier handwriting, but the same script,
the journal continues:

No, lam convinced that this is the right scroll. As | review the Sanskrit and research the
books upstairs in this manor's library, | fail to understand why the ritual did not succeed. It is
late; | will rest now and ponder this problem and perhaps tomorrow | will discover a reason for
this failure.

In fresh ink and more legible handwriting, the journal continues:

This morning | disposed of the body. I'l put it to rest properly when | have the chance. But
first! When | awoke, fresh for another attempt, | heard some noises upstairs. | went to inves-
tigate, for | did not want to be discovered. | was downcast, for | thought that | would have to
return to the city in order to fetch another sacrifice, but, instead, fortune was with me; the
sacrifices came to me. | am glad that | have not been forced to squander more time; the
battle will come quickly, and when it does | must be prepared or | will earn Fendragon's wrath.


a}, 4

There are four young men here: college youths, | would venture to guess from their behavior.
From their conversation, | learned that they plan to stay at Silverbrook for the next few days
and that a few more of them are arriving shortly for their "hazing." | have already disposed of
one in the west wing, in a fashion that these boys seem to want — that is, they want to
scare their friends, 50 | think they should do it properly.

Another was preparing some sort of prank in the west wing, 50 | brought him here and set
award on the bulkhead so that none of the others may interfere with the ritual. He is sitting,
bound and gagged, in the corner — a much quieter fellow than the old man.

| perform the ritual, as before, this time rearranging the materials so that the boy is
inside the circle, and the eyes and fangs face inward, toward him. Ferhaps this is the correct
formation of materials and sacrifices; the Sanskrit hints that it may be.

New, more illegible handwriting:

No! Worse failure than before! The boy is mangled, unrecognizable — and yet nothing
seems to have happened. | must have lost consciousness or lost my concentration, and when
I came to, there he was, contorted and dead.

| have carried him up to the room with the others and brought a third one down. After
ruminating on the events of the past hour, | have come to the conclusion that it was a mis-
take to move the sacrifice inside the circle. The circle is meant for the Breacher, not for the
Sacritice. Yet, if this was not the cause of the first failure, what was?

| have reviewed the scroll. The Sanskrit reads that the ritual requires a potent blood
sacrifice. Since we were apprentices, we have known that the weakest form of blood sacrifice
is the animal; the strongest, human. But perhaps there is more to it than that. Ferhaps the
ancients possessed a deeper form of knowledge that we have lost. | now suspect that youth
has a potency all its own. Youth has more vitality, more sinew, than old age. Ferhaps this is
why the old man was not sufficient. Ferhaps. | will see.

| regret the waste, but it had to be done. The bay is dead, but not as before. His blood
disappeared as it spilled onto the concrete. | believe that | have hit on an important clue: age
must be a factor in the Ritual of Manifesting.

As | was carrying this young man's body upstairs to the west wing, | heard the noise of
more youths entering the manor — those whom the first group had awaited. The noise was
hard to disregard. | listened to their conversation for a while, then, knowing that the one the
others called Tony was in the east wing, alone, | went there and retrieved him.

| grow weary. The sacrifice failed again, but this time the results were better than the last.
Could there be an additional factor, one that is as important as age? | will contemplate this
ag | fetch one of the newcomers.


ji pid i pp it

=

pt have it! It is not age, but that elusive concept and one so well regarded — virginity! | 4
stood listening to the youths in the east wing as they encountered the petty pranks that

the others left before they died, and | heard one jesting with another. "Shoot!" he said, "Look

at that bed. It's huge! Id love to have that at home." The other looked at him, trying to sup-

press a laugh, and said, "What's a virgin need a bed like that for?" Youth never changes. But it

gave me this pivotal idea — after all, what could be more potent than the blood of a virgin?

| captured the one who had been teased about his virginity. After some convincing with a
shiny knife, he admitted quite readily that indeed he was one. | feel certain that this time
Akhempotet's spirit will be mine.

The main body of the text ends here, with the exception of three hastily scribbled
words: "FAILURE — The spiri—" The "t" is missing, as if the writer were interrupted
in the middle of his or her writing, and a blank part of the page is ripped in two.


Mortals

Vampire: The Masquerade™

Name: Chip Yeager Nature: Age: 18
Player: Demeanor: Sex: Male
Chronicle: Dark Colony Residence: Frat House Concept: Hayseed
a Attributes ee in
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000 Charisma e000 Perception, e000

Dexterity, @@000 Manipulation. e000 Intelligence____—— @@@00
Stamina_____@@00O0 Appearance. e000 Wits___ ©0000
SS Abilities EO
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting_____— 0000 Animal Ken ____@@®000 Bureaucracy___00000
Alertness, 00000 Drive_____=_—-@@o00o0 Computer_____00000
Athletics___00000 Etiquette___— CO 0000 Finance____ 00000
Brawl. @0000 Firearms______———S 0000 Investigation___ 00000
Dodge 0000 Melee______o00000 Law 0000)
Empathy________eeo0o0  =Music___________oo000 Linguistics_____00000
Intimidation___. 00000 Repair______———— 907000 Medicine____—— 977070
Leadership. 00000 Security. 00000 Occult, 00000
Streetwise______——9. 0000 Stealth___— 0000 Politics____——— 0700
Subterfuge____——S—) 7000 Survival___ 970000 Science____—— 7097000
ft Advantages ——————

Numina & Other Traits Backgrounds Merits & Flaws
Fishing @0000 00000
Hunting @0000 00000
Ride @@000 00000
Naturalist @0000 00000
Agriculture @0000 00000
00000 z z
00000 H .
00000 t—Humanity =F
00000 tv ce Health =<
00000 eoceeeeeee@ Bruised Oo
nae =— Willpower == Hurt 10
Injured 20
@e@@eeooo0od
teece—Faith ——ewt Wounded 3 O
oooooo0o00o a ae
0000000000 : Combat : Cippled 5 O
Incapacitated O
Virtues Damage Weapon. | Difficulty
Conscience.

+t=2=— Experience =~

Self-Control. @e@0e00

Courage_______ eeeeo
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


The Hayseed: Chip (Yeager)
Major: Agriculture

You're the naive rural bumpkin from Nebraska. You
consider Montpelier, Vermont the "big city" and look to
your frat brothers to show you how to "git the gurls." You try

to act urban, but your facade is as obvious as a country
mouse's. Think of Woody in Cheers, but with some intelli-
gence.


Mortals

Name: Vince Baker Nature: Age: 18

Player: Demeanor: Sex: Male

Chronicle: Dark Colony Residence: Frat House Concept: Jock
Physical Social Mental

Strength. @@@00 Charisma. @@0@00 Perception.

Dexterity. @00 Manipulation____@0000 Intelligence.
Stamina @00 Appearance___—- @@ 000 Wis_
C—O —
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting. 00000 Animal Ken ____00000 Bureaucracy____—_— 0000
Alertness, 00000 Drive____—=————— @#000 Computer____00000
Athletics, @@@00 Etiquette___———— 0.0000 Finance____———S SO 0000
Brawl. 000 Firearms____———S 0000 Investigation___ 00000
Dodge. 000 = Melee_______oo000 Llaw_____+__— 00000
Empathy. 00000 Music_______—— 97000 Linguistics______———S 9 770700
Intimidation, @@000 Repair. 00000 Medicine____——— 9770700
Leadership. @@e@000 Security______—=—SSS 7070700 Occul____ 000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth____—— 0000 Politics_____—— 0000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival) 0000 Science___—— 0000
Fe Advantages ———————— F-
Numina & Other Traits Backgrounds Merits & Flaws
Carousing @@000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 ____—C«CIVID
00000 $ z
00000 7 ;
00000 -te—Humanity =F
Sa000 y te Health =F
00000 e@e@e@eeoeaeedod Bruised ia
00000 Fx Willpower === Hurt 10
00000 Thine 20
@ee@ae@eeoo00o0dnd %
tee Faith st ooooo ooo Wounded 3 O
oo000000 Mailed 4 O
9000000000 4. Combat eet Gippled 5 O
Incapacitated O
Virtues Damage Weapon | Difficulty
Conscience. @0000 +tees= Experience ==!
Self-Control, @@000
Courage. e000
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


(bpd i fb pf to

_

The Jock: Vince (Baker)

Major: Football, Business (in that order)

You're in school on a football scholarship, care nothing
for your classes and have only declared a major because your
advisor forced you to. You're naturally popular and you vie
with the Preppy for leadership of the group. You like to pick
on the Hayseed because his weakness reminds you of how
you feel about yourself; the Hayseed, however, doesn't
always know that you're teasing him, and that makes you
feel bad enough to treat him like a little brother at times.

rv v vv tv vt 0 0 oo

l


Player:
Chronicle: Dark Colony

 —— Attributes =-

Physical
Strength, @0000
Dexterity. @000
Stamina. @0000

ps Abilities

Talents
Acting___S CO OOOO
Alertness 00000
Athletics. 00000
Brawl, 00000
Dodge. 00000
Empathy. 00000
Intimidation_____. +=§s 900000
Leadership 00000
Streetwise. 00000
Subterfuge. 00000

Se —————————— Advantages re oa
Numina & Other Traits

Carousing
Debate

@0000
@@000
@0000
@0000

ical Engineering e@o00
Physics @@000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

tee Faith ==

O000000000

Virtues
Conscience. @@e@00
Self-Control @ee00

Vampire: The Masquerade ™

Name: Eugene Byron Pernimple

Mortals

Age: 18
Sex: Male
Concept: Brain

Nature:
Demeanor:
Residence: Frat House

Social Mental
Charisma. @@000 Perception.
Manipulation. 000 Intelligence.
Appearance @@000 Wits,
ror feo
Skills Knowledge
Animal Ken 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Drive. @0000 Computer. @@000
Etiquette. 00000 Finance. 00000
Firearms. 00000 Investigation. 00000
Melee. 00000 Law, 00000
Music. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Repair. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Security. 00000 — Occult, 00000
Stealth, 00000 Politics. 00000
Survival, 00000 Science. @00e00

Backgrounds Merits & Flaws

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
ee aE an

Humanity =F

te Health =<

eoeeeeae0nn Bruised Oo
==— Willpower =~? Hurt Ji Oo
e@e0e80800000 ae co
OOOoOoOoOo0o000 Makd 4 0
=e——Combat —<==t Gipld 5 O
Dawe Wagon) Diiay Incapaciated 9

-t===— Experience ==

Courage @@000

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)

=

fi pd db did pd pb

The Brain: Eugene (Byron Persnimple)
Major: Physics, Electrical Engineering
You're the guy who's invited into the frat to do everyone's
homework for them. You're extremely book-smart; you eat trig
formulas for breakfast. You do very well in physics and your dorm
room is a chemistry lab. Yet, although you're very intelligent, you're

not alwa often, you don't understand people's emo-

'S percepti
tions, you misinterpret them, and your reaction to their dilemmas is
way off. Because you're brainy, you're friendly with the nerdy girls,
and the Jock likes to tease you about this.

iw


Mortals

Vampire: The Masquerade™

Name: Eddie Rojas Nature: Age: 18

Player: Demeanor: Sex: Male
Chronicle: Dark Colony Residence: Frat House Concept: Nut
or Attributes erotic
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000 Charisma. @@000 Perception. @@000

Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation 000 Intelligence. @@000
Stamina. @@000 Appearance. @00 Wits @@000
j-— Abilities =F
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting. @0000 Animal Ken ____—— 00000 Bureaucracy___——S— 00000
Alertness. 00000 Drive. @@000 Computer____ 900000
Athletics, @@000 Etiquette. 00000 Finance____— 0000
Brawl. @@000 Firearms, 00000 Investigation___0 0000
Dodge. @@000 Melee 0000 baw... 90000;
Empathy_____ 00000 Music____— 0000 Linguistics_____~—=— 977000
Intimidation, 00000 Repair______— 9 7070700 Medicine 0000
Leadership 00000 Security. 00000 Occult 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, 00000 Politics, 00000
Subterfuge___—— Ss) 707000 Survival 0000 Science____ 0000
> gu — —— Advantages ————————+ ++ $~

Numina & Other Traits Backgrounds Merits & Flaws
Artistic Expression @o000 00000
Bungee Jumping @0000 00000
Carousing @@000 00000
Art History @0000 00000
00000 (00
00000
—————— $e
00000 Hi .
00000 t-—Humanity =F
65006 y ee—— Health ——=F
00000 @e@eeaeeeeeood Bruised o
00000 +¥===—= Willpower === Hurt 10
00000 4
- @0200e0800000 Inued = 2 O
te—Faith st Wounded 3 O
gooooo0o0o0o00 ui 40
O000000000 $ Combat ra Gippled 9 =5 O
, itated =O
Virtues Damage Weapon | Difficulty icace
Conscience_____ @@@00 t<e== Experience ===!
Self-Control @0000
Courage________ eeeeo

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


4

jf ) } ? o oo

C7

VY

The Nut: Eddie (Rojas)
Major: Art

You will do anything for attention — or maybe you're

just plain crazy. Either way, you'll risk your neck doing

things none of the other frat members would consider, and
so you make a good brother to have if the boys want to play
a prank on other fraternities. You attract girls initially, but
they always end up breaking up with you once they find out
how weird you really are

=
=a
=
=
=
=

=H


Mortals

Vampire: The Masquerade™

Name: Winston Douglas Ill Nature: Age:18
Player: Demeanor: Sex: Male
Chronicle: Dark Colony Residence: Frat House Concept: Preppy
fe Attributes +2 $~
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000 Charisma Perception. @@000
Dexterity. 000 Manipulation, Intelligence. @@000
Stamina_____—— ®@®000 Appearance. @@0@00 Wits, @@000
j-——————— ————— Abilities =
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting @@000 Animal Ken 00000 Bureaucracy____—s ®0000
Alertness 00000 Drive. @@000 Computer. 00000
Athletics @@000 Etiquette. @00 Finance_____— ®@0000
Brawl. 00000 Firearms. 00000 Investigation___00000
Dodge. @0000 Melee____00000 Law 0000
Empathy__________o00000 — Music____t_____o0000 Linguistics_______o00000
Intimidation, 00000 Repair. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Leadership. @e@000 Security. 00000 Occult 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth___—— 0000 Politics_____— 9.000
Subterfuge___———  @7 0700 Survival___ 0000 Science___ 0000
F< Advantages or F~
Numina & Other Traits Backgrounds Merits & Flaws
Diplomacy @@000 00000
Boat Handling @0000 00000
Bribery @0000 00000
Carousing @@000 00000
00000 00000
00000 z $
00000 Hu ;
00000 -t=—Humanity =F
0000! ty te Health ===
00000 e@eeeeeaeeood Bruised oO
00000 +#==—= Willpower === Hurt 10
00000 :
SSSSS—— Injured 20
@ee@#e@eeo000n0
t——Faith st Wounded 3 O
OOoOooooooo Makd 4 0
0000000000 sccm Gonibiat. maeads Crippled 5 O
Incapacitated O
Virtues Damage Weapon | Dificulty
Conscience. @0000 t= Experience ===

Self-Control

Courage.

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)

= — — ——


hh bod td oh td
——- —<t

The Preppy: Winston (Douglas III)

Major: Political Science

Mum and Poppy wanted you to go to Yale, but you
didn't apply yourself enough in Brimfield Academy for
Boys. So here you are, in Montpelier Community College,
studying poli sci. You're on the golf team and tennis club,
but these are mere hobbies. Someday, you're certain, you'll
be in Congress (choose a political affiliation that suits you),
taking over Daddy's seat. You vie with the Jock for control
of the group; what you lack in sheer aggression and com-
manding stature you make up for in subtler manipulation
and wit.


Mortals

Name: Jeff Easton Nature: Age: 18
Player: Demeanor: Sex: Male
Chronicle: Dark Colony Residence: Frat House Concept: Metalhead
Attributes. —————————+ ++ $~
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000 Charisma, @@000 Perception, @@000
Dexterity_____—_—=_——— ®@@ 000 Manipulation____@@000 Intelligence.
Stamina. @0000 Appearance. @0000 Wits,
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting. 00000 Animal Ken 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Alertness______-_- 90000 Drive____ = #2000 Computer____— 00000
Athletics, 00000 Etiquette. 00000 Finance. 00000
Brawl. @0000 Firearms, 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge. @0000 Melee. 00000 Law___ 00000
Empathy. 00000 Music. ____@@000 Linguistics. 00000
Intimidation_____ - 00000 Repair______— 9707000 Medicine____———— 977000
Leadership_____—— 9 7700 Security_____———— 07000 Occult___@0000
Streetwise____ 70000 Stealth______———_ 9.» 9000 Politics____—— 0000
Subterfuge____———S— 77000 Survival____ 0000 Science_____ 70000
fe Advantages ———
Numina & Other Traits Backgrounds Merits & Flaws
@0000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 $ z
00000 H .
00000 #2<—=Humanity =~
00000 te— Health =F
00000 e@eeeee@e2dod Bruised o
soooo t=— Willpower =F Hurt 10
00 :
Injured 20
@e@e@aeeoo00o0d
tee—Faith ——=t Wounded 3 O
goooooo0o0o0o0o0 "a ae
0000000000 : Combat : Crippled 9-5
Incapacitated O
Virtues Damage Weapon | Difficulty
Conscience. @0000 ts= Experience =<
Self-Control, @@@00

Courage_______ eee00
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


ff ff ff tf ft
- .

The Metalhead: Jeff (Easton)

Major: Music

You are what jerks like Winston Douglas III call a burn-
out. Wasted youth. Your idols are the giants of the heavy
metal and thrash scene, bands like Métothead and Metallica.

Classes are boring; it's only the music that matters anyway.

That and maintaining a good buzz at all times. You don't
bathe often and your Black Sabbath T-shirt has not been

washed for months.

You probably would never have been recruited by the
frat if it weren't for your ability to obtain certain special
substances when necessary. You prefer to keep to yourself,
shut off from the outside world by the headphones that are
perpetually stuffed in your ears, slowly deafening you with
the strains of Megadeth.


By Jeff Berry


Credits

Written by: Jeff Berry

Developed by: Andrew Greenberg

Interior Art: Janet Aulisio, Josh Timbrook,
John Cobb, Darryl Midgette

Cover Art: Clark Mitchell

Scene Photography: Eric Krosnes

Layout: Sam Chupp

Production: Josh Timbrook

Cartography: Chris McDonough

Back Cover: Chris McDonough

Logo: Chris McDonough

Vampire: The Masquerade, Alien Hunger, and
White Wolf are all trademarks and copyrights of
White Wolf. All material printed in these pages is
the exclusive property of White Wolf unless prior
arrangements have been made with the author/
artist. None of the material may be reproduced in
whole or in part without prior written permission
from the publisher.

Special Thanks to:

John "Bilbo" Bridges for his suggestions on
what we could do after messing up his name in
Succubus Club,

Mark "Monkey Boy" ReinsHagen for his su-
perb handling of adversity.

Stewart "Artful Dodger" Wieck for not be-
coming the human target.

Wes "Good King" Harris for his inability until
he gets there.

Josh "Bloody Pants" Timbrook for showing true
grit (and lots of leg).

Sam "Proud Papa" Chupp for, well, you know.

Travis"No Wheels" Williams for learning what
happens when you lend things to relatives.

Chris "I'm Outta Here" McDonough for
showing those old fogeys where it's at.

Kelly "Recession Blues" Norwood for taking
the big M gig.

Special, special thanks to:

KC Lancaster for the original illos of the V-
Team.

DEDICATION

Hi Mom.

I am deeply indebted to the V-Team (Mark
| Matthews-Simmons, Chris and KC Lancaster,
juy Wells, and Gail Starr), without whom

re would be no adventure because there
ould have been no one to play it.


Contents


"Graves at my command
have waked their sleepers, oped, and let ‘em forth
by my so potent art."

- Shakespeare, The Tempest


Jacob Prestor lay on the floor. With both
legs and armsbroken, he could donaught but
watch as the flames danced and flickered
around him. "Why now?" he thought, "Why
now of all times? The fledglings, what will
they do?" His thoughts turned to the base-
ment, which his assailants had overlooked in
their haste, and to those who would soon
waken therein. He held that picture in his
mind's eye as he mercifully slid into black-
ness. Heedless, the flames continued their
mad dance around his prostrate form..

eee


UN

7]

ih


Ina-oduction

A Jump START

Alien Hunger was designed so new Storytellers, or even
experienced ones new to Vampire, may run it with a
minimum of effort on their part. Itis intended to "jump start"
you into a Chronicle without requiring you to design a
setting or plot. Characters are provided so new players may
also jump right into the playing of the game without having
to spend time creating their own.

Bearing that in mind, a great deal of emphasis is placed on
things like mood and hints on Storytelling. The very
structure of Vampire does not lend itself to the cliched "slay
the evil one, save the maiden" type of story commonly found
in roleplaying. A Vampire story works on a more subtle
plane, where the crisis is that of an ever-dwindling humanity,
a loss which the characters must always fear. In such a
situation, mood plays a more important role than any enemy
could in generating story sessions that will be long remem-
bered.

Since the story is meant to be run by a newcomer to
storytelling, it is designed in a linear fashion. That is to say,
the Storyteller can, if she wishes, guide the players along a
straight scene-to-scene progression. If you are a complete
beginner, this is probably the best (and easiest) way to use
this story.

The story may also be run in a much more free-form
fashion, with only a few key events being placed in any
sequence and the rest falling in an order determined by the
players and your own sense of drama. This style of play
requires a great deal more effort on your part, as you must
keep track of all the loose ends and dangling subplots.

As a result, the story is highly detailed and full of state-
ments like "If the players do that, you can respond like this."
The intent is to bring a group of new players and Storytellers
to a mutual understanding of the genre. They are crutches,
and if you do not need or want them, then cast them aside!

If you do not want to be the Storyteller for Alien Hunger,
do yourself a big favor and do not read any further. If you
read information meant for the Storyteller only, you'll just
be ruining the story for yourself.

How to Run This Story

Mood is everything in this story. Try tocatch your players
up in the drama unfolding in their characters' lives. A solid
sense of atmosphere throughout the story is what will make
it stand out in your players' minds. In each of the scenes,
there are descriptions of the mood you can try to achieve, as
wellas hints to help you pull it off (music you can play during
the scenes, actions of the villains, etc.).

Maintaining the mood may be difficult at times. You will
find it impossible to accomplish without the cooperation of
your players. You cannot force the mood onto your players;
you can only work with them to create it. Bearing this in
mind, you will need to lighten the mood every now and then,
The contrast will not only provide a relief from what are,
hopefully, moments of tension and drama, but will also
provide a contrast for those moments and keep them from
becoming a constant presence, and thus dull and monoto-
nous.

That aside, there are things you can do to try to achieve a
mood. The first is to maintain control yourself. If you laugh,
everyone laughs. On the other hand, if you stay focused on
the story before you, it makes it that much easier for the
players to do the same.

The second is to be descriptive. Some suggestions are
made in the course of the story as to descriptions, but you
should improvise and add as much or as little detail as you
and your players need to get a grasp on the person or place
being described. Drawing on common experiences of the
group is a technique that can be very effective. For example,
describe a bar as being very similar to a local one, then
mention the differences. That way everyone has acommon
frame of reference.

The story will flow more smoothly if the characters' lack
of knowledge is mirrored to some extent by the players'. By
limiting the information given to the players, the mood of the
story may be more easily sustained. One way to accomplish
this is for you, the Storyteller, to make the die rolls when they
concer the gaining of information: search rolls, investiga-
tion rolls, rolls involving the Auspex discipline of Psychom-
etry or Aura Perception, and the like. When botches occur,

Introduction 4

do not hesitate to give false information. If possible, give
information that contradicts something else they think they
know, so at least they will have some idea that one of their
sources of information is wrong.

Also, take copious notes. The players will be off-balance,
especially in the early few scenes of the story, with little time
to think. This is the critical time when they will be leaving
clues for the police to use later in their investigations. Even
in the later scenes notes are important. The timing of an
event can alter its meaning dramatically.

Concentrate on the little things as well. This story is
designed for characters who have just been "gifted" with
Vampirism. Keep this in mind and try to remind the
characters of the little day-to-day things that have changed
for them forever. For example, mention to the male charac-
ters that they still have to shave, although their hair no longer
grows. Remind them of how warm the living are compared
to them. Catch them at odd moments with comments about
how appealing a random person looks, in a food-like sort of
way.

In addition to the awareness of their new inhuman nature,
also remember to hammer them repeatedly with reminders
of their new "alien hunger." The hardest, but perhaps most
satisfying, job as Storyteller is to try to instill in the players
astrong sense of the urges tearing them apart and show them
that the role playing choices they must make are difficult.
For example, it is easy to find non-human blood in the
Denverarea (See cow tipping, pg. 13), but try toconvince the
players cow blood is boring and unappealing. When your
players start deciding to do things just for effect, and that
have no effect on the game itself, then things are rolling. To
continue the example, when they go out of their way to find
human blood since cow blood is unappetizing, you have
accomplished something. If they agonize over this choice
while doing it, then you have achieved a triumph,

Since the characters are neophyte Vampires, you get the
extraordinary pleasure of running them through their first
taste of blood. Make the most of it. Describe in detail the
flavor and sensual pleasure that can be had from the Vita. If
it is human blood, then go full out. Stop at nothing to
convince the players their characters can not live without
this.

If it is animal blood, tell them that it tastes good, but be
sure to keep reminding them human blood is exceedingly
tempting, and make it obvious that their less-principled
companions are eating much better.

Plot

In Alien Hunger, the characters have to deal not only
with the maddening transformation from mortal to immor-
tal, but with the even more insane paranoia of the Kindred
community. Created by a Cainite believed obsessed with
power, they find themselves cast adrift in a world far

different from the one they left, with all the powers of
darkness chasing after.

Their Sire, Jacob Prestor, is slain before they awake for
their first night among the Undead, so they have no one to
guide them in their new unlife. To complicate matters
further, the assassination of Prestor was arranged by the
Prince of Denver. When this powerful Cainite becomes
aware of the characters, he wants them dead as well. The
Prince has been duped, however, by an ancient Vampire
named Thaddeus, adding another layer to the confusion to
that which the characters already suffer.

The most-immediate crises facing the players, therefore,
are how they will deal with their new state unaided and come
to some resolution with the Prince of Denver.

It is worth mentioning that several of the pregenerated
characters, and probably several characters in any group of
new Kindred, will wish for revenge on the party responsible
for their Embrace. Discovering who is truly responsible is
a challenge in this case. Prestor gave the Embrace, but
thought it temporary. Edward ordered the hunt against
Prestor, but at the instigation of Thaddeus. Who is guilty?
Prestor, Edward, Thaddeus, someone else, no one?

Chapter One: While still mortal, the characters find their
nightly routine interrupted by a bearded wildman, who
assaults them and brings them to his lair. They awake in the
basement of a building being quickly devoured by flames.
They escape the fire only to find themselves the captives of
strange, nightmarish urges.

Chapter Two: As the characters try to come to terms
with their new state, they find resuming their normal lives
exceedingly difficult. Reported missing by friends and
families, the characters find themselves the focus of a police
investigation and the targets of the same Vampires who slew
their Sire

Chapter Three: The characters are given the chance to
seize the offensive as they finally begin to gather critical
information regarding their condition. With new knowledge
of who and what they are, they are able to find out something
about their Sire and discover that the possibility for a cure
exists.

Chapter Four: The search for a cure brings them into
contact with a powerful mortal who has been living on
Kindred blood for more than acentury. He not only holds the
key to giving the characters back their mortality, but he also
has critical information regarding why the characters were
turned into Vampires in the first place and about an ancient
evil which may soon be hunting them.

What's Really Going On

Possibly the most famous chemist of all time, Louis
Pasteur was bom in France in 1822 and was educated at the
Ecole Normale Superieure in Paris, graduating in 1847. He
served as a professor at many universities for the next 20

8 Alien Hunger


years, generally teaching chemistry, but occasionally teach-
ing physics as well.

During these years, Pasteur made great advances in the
field of microbiology. He disproved the theory of Spontane-
ous Generation, which held that lower life forms could
originate from nonliving matter, and popularized pasteur-
ization. In 1857, he presented a paper which claimed
differing sorts of microbes were responsible for the various
kind of fermentation which take place, and that microbes
were also responsible for many illnesses. This paper laid the
groundwork for one of his
greatest contributions to the
scientific world — the germ
theory of disease. The germ
theory of disease was refined
in work in the late 1870s and
early 1880s, resulting in the
discovery of the science of
immunization. Itwashis work
with rabies which provided
funds for the founding of the
Pasteur Institute.

The Pasteur Institute was
founded in 1887 with Louis
as its first director. It was at
the Pasteur Institute that the
great scientist met Georges.
Georges held special interest
for Pasteur as a scientific cu-
riosity. Georges seemed to
possess a natural immunity to
disease, which Pasteur hoped
to be able to replicate.

Forhispart, Georges hoped
Pasteur would be able to aid

him in his search for a cure to
what he thought of as the dis-
ease that afflicted him —
Vampirism. In 1890, he con-
fided in Pasteur, and they began to research the issue of
Vampirism under a veil of secrecy.

For the next few years they experimented. Pasteur, though
partly paralyzed by a stroke in 1868, believed he was making
great progress under the masterful direction of Georges, now
employed as a lab assistant at the Institute. Together they
developed a serum, derived from Georges' blood, that could
induce Vampirism. This serum was the first step towards
developing an antidote to cure those so afflicted.

By this time, however, Pasteur's health had truly begun to
fail. Georges surrendered hope when it became apparent
that Pasteur was soon to die, and disappeared. Pasteur,
driven by the thought of the work only he could do, did not
give up hope. On September 28, 1895, he injected himself
with the serum he and Georges had prepared. That night, he
died.

‘The next night he lived again . . . ina fashion. He allowed
himself to be buried, only to escape from his own grave. He
fled his old life, taking with him only those notes he deemed
vital to his research. He began again seeking a cure for
Vampirism.

This research eventually drew the attention of the ancient
Cainite Thaddeus, who saw in it the end of his way of life,
and possibly the end of his race. Thaddeus began to harass
Pasteur, even attempting upon occasion to destroy him.
Pasteur was forced to move often and take a variety of names
to evade this ancient threat.
Constant travel, combined
with the unexpected difficulty
of his task, kept him from
making much more progress
in his research. He did make
a number of allies through
the years, and managed to
use their blood for more ex-
periments. Unfortunately, all
his old friends have been
killed off by the fiend pursu-
ing him, and Pasteur has be-
gun to dread making new al-
lies,

Eventually, Pasteurarrived
in Denver, where he took the
name Jacob _ Prestor.
Thaddeus followed,and used
@ new tactic: he insinuated
himself into the court of the
Prince of Denver, a Vampire
named Edward, and con-
vinced Edward that Prestor
meant to make a bid for con-
trol of the city. Edward, a
naturally paranoid being, was
swayed by Prestor's secre-
tive nature and stepped in to
assassinate Prestor. Thaddeus, his purpose achieved, disap-
peared, pursuing other interests elsewhere.

Prestor had discovered Edward meant to kill him, so,
against his will, he felt forced into the creation of allies in the
form of more Vampires. He salved his conscience with the
conviction that he would succeed in his research, and that the
Vampirism of his allies would only be temporary.

Unfortunately, after creating his fledgling allies, but
before briefing them as to their state and his plans, Edward's
assassins attacked Prestor, and gave him the final death.

Theme

The truism that the only constant is change does not, at
first glance, seem to hold true for the Undead. Immortal
beings who rarely need to fear death, many Vampires

Introduction 9


quickly fall into a stasis where their actions become as
unvarying and predictable as the unchanging length of their
hair. However, this stability is no more permanent than the
calm before a storm.

Victims of a faltering humanity and possessors of a
ravenous Beast, Vampires will one night find themselves in
the midst of horrendous changes of incredible power no
matter what their hopes. Most have at least been warned that
this might happen, but the neonates in this story have no one
to tell them about the dangers their new form brings with it.
When they find themselves suddenly able to throw cars
around, they may revel in their transformation. The require-
ments of their murderous thirst, however, will quickly show
them the downside of this new shape.

Thus the dangers of change are the primary themes of
Alien Hunger. The characters have been forcibly changed
into monsters, and in order to survive must turn their exist-
ences into something completely different from what they
were. When they are finally given the opportunity to change
back, they must decide if they will in fact give up the power
they have gotten and risk the wrath of the immortal respon-
sible for the death of Prestor.

The power they have is a secondary theme of the story.
Gifted with powers far above what they had during life, the
characters must be careful not to abuse it or risk losing their
humanity. Additionally, the characters must work as a team
if they are to have any hope of succeeding. Those who abuse
their powers to the detrimentoof the grouprisk causing defeat
forall. Finally, all will probably have the opportunity to act
as leader. Those who abuse their powers while leader may
well have to face the vengeance of all.

Mood

As mentioned before, the conflicts in Vampire are subule
ones. They often focus on loss and the slow disappearance
of one's human nature. Alien Hunger is an example of this
—the mood is dark, the characters' lives are crumbling away
despite their best efforts, and the more they try to stop the
slide, the less they find they can do.

This sense of loss is coupled with a dramatic sense of
culture shock as the characters are ripped from comfortable
lives and hurled into what, at first glance, is a nightmare of
bloodshed and insanity. The roleplaying possibilities are
indeed rich in such territory.

A secondary mood underlies this dominant one, though,
for even as the characters old lives are collapsing, new lives
are springing up to take their place. As you destroy the
characters' old lives, be sure to give them opportunity to
replace them with something.

Customizing the Story

For many players, one of the funnest parts of Storytelling
is the creation of their own unique characters. While this

story was created to be used with the pregenerated charac-
ters, there is no reason the players could not make up their
own.

To prepare for the story, first generate characters for each
of the players, or use the pre-generated characters provided.
Remember that since these are starting characters, they are
human until after they are embraced by Prestor. What this
means is that the character generation should be broken
down into two steps, so that the humans encounter Prestor
first, without the benefit of any Vampiric disciplines. As
soon as the encounter with Prestor is over, though, the
characters should finish out the character building process.
So, for one short scene (the scene which concludes with their
Embrace), the characters are human. When they awake, itis
as full Vampires, and with fully fleshed-out characters.

A method which works well is to simply allow the
characters to generate Abilities, Attributes, Virtues, Back-
grounds, and Willpower. Do not let the players choose
Disciplines. Let them save freebie points to add to Disci-
plines if they wish. Another, and possibly superior, method
isto allow the players to build their characters fully, with the
limitations described in the following paragraph, and then
simply ignore all Disciplines for the first scene.

Due to the nature of Prestor's creation, and the creation of
the characters, they may be of any lineage. Prestor has, in his
researches, prepared serums from a number of lineages and
injects the characters with a variety of serums. The players
should choose their lineage freely.

During character generation, it is useful if some connec-
tion can be made between the characters. The connection
can be quite distant, but some contact will be useful. Also,
try to arrange for all of the characters to be linked to each
other character somehow, even if it is only second or third
hand (the pregenerated characters show how this can be
done). First of all, this gives another reason for them to cling
to each other; they are not just strangers. Secondly, it
provides them with some means of getting together if they
splitup. Third, itallows them all to be more easily embroiled
in any investigation. Finally, the last reason is a purely
aesthetic one; it just makes more sense for Prestor to choose
them if there is some chain of events which connect them.

Also, try to come up with some connection between at
least a few of the players and at least one of the humans stuck
in the basement with them in Chapter One. This will be very
important later for adding complications to the various
subplots.

Since this is a start-up scenario, the characters are also
restricted in their purchase of backgrounds. They may not
have a score in Herd, Generation or Status. They may take
a Mentor, but the mentorship will not come into play until
after this initial story. The mentor would be one of the local
Vampires who takes an interest in the characters during the
course of the story.

Alien Hunger was designed as a start-up story for five
newly made Vampires. A great deal of the focus of the story

10 Alien Hunger


isoncoming to grips with a new life as a Vampire and taking
steps to shut down an old life as a human. Because of this
fact, it will be a bit more difficult to run the story for already-
established characters.

If you wish to integrate Alien Hunger into an existing
Chronicle it should not, however, be too hard of a job. One
of the main foci of the story is the sense of being trapped in
ahostile environment with little idea of how the surrounding
socio-political structure functions. For instance, if the
characters are already based in Denver, move the story to
Albuquerque, New Mexico. However you manage to do it,
getting the players off of their own turf and onto someone
else's is a requirement.

The main points to address in using older characters are
these: How to get the characters interested and how to get
them into a situation where they may be perceived to be on
a "rebel" side by the powers that be.

Getting the characters interested depends a great deal on
who the characters are and where their interests lie. Simply

leaving enough clues for the players to discover that there is
a Vampire who may have discovered a means to cure their
Vampiric affliction may be sufficient if they are interested in
acure. If not, one of Prestor's recent stops could have been
in the characters' home city, and an aborted assassination
attempt by Thaddeus drew their attention. Failing that, the
Prince of wherever they dwell might send them to speak to
this Prestor on his behalf. There are many other possibilities,
limited only by your imagination.

As to convincing Edward the players are a threat, that is
really not difficult given his paranoia. Simply make sure that
the players do not check in with Edward when they arrive in
town, and the rest will take care of itself.

If the characters are already rebels, though, you can use
the story to bring their rebellion to a climax and resolution.
In this case, having the story set wherever the characters
already are is the path of least resistance.

DENVER, COLORADO

Denver, the capital city of the state of Colorado, is located
atthe foot of the Rocky Mountains. Knownas the Mile High
City for its elevation of 5,280 feet, it sits at the intersection
of three major Interstate Highways — I-25 running north-
south, and I-76 and I-70 both running east-west. The Denver
metropolitan area includes a number of cities, all of which
are positioned around the city proper and add to the sprawl-
ing urban mass. The business district is located in the heart
of downtown Denver, near the intersection of I-25, I-76 and
I-70, From there, the other cities, mostly suburbs, spread out
more or less evenly, until an area roughly 25 miles square is
covered, although a case could easily be made to extend the
Mewo Area another 20 miles to the Northeast to include the
city of Boulder.

The population of the Metro area is roughly 1.7 million,
of which almost 1.2 million reside in the suburbs, leaving the
City itself to the lower income groups and businesses. Those
inner city areas are beginning to suffer a great deal from
gang-related activity, and gang violence, including drive-by
shootings, is on the rise.

Outside the metro area, one finds to the east farmland and
ranches, and to the west, the Rocky Mountains. This
juxtaposition of the urban center with the agricultural hinter-
land allows Vampires who, out of necessity or preference,
would rather feed on non-human blood, an ample supply
available within a 20-minute drive and at low risk. Indeed,
even within the city, numerous residences provide for the
stabling of a few horses.

Lupines generally steer clear of the city and neighboring
farmland, but Vampires would be well advised to stay out of
the mountains when there is a moon out. Indeed, there have

been several instances of Werewolves rampaging through
the streets of downtown during the full moon.

Within the limits of the Metro Area are several state
universities, including the University of Colorado and Met-
ropolitan State College. While there are campuses of the
University of Colorado in both Denver and Boulder, its
noted medical school is in Denver. Private universities are
also present in abundance, and include the University of
Denver and the Colorado School of Mines, located in nearby
Golden.

Although not a cutting-edge arts leader, Denver has a
thriving theatrical community, and the Denver Center for the
Performing Arts (the DCPA) is a regular stop for touring
shows. The city is also home to the Denver Broncos football
team and their Mile High Stadium. The stadium, an outdoor
arena, and its enclosed counterpart, McNichol's Arena, are
both located a few miles out of the city, right off of 1-25, and
during the off-seasons are the venue of choice for huge day
and nighttime stadium concerts. The local music scene is
small and of varying quality, although one can easily find
live, original music every night of the week in the numerous
bars and clubs.

Denver also has many museums, though the largest are
the Denver Art Museum and the Museum of Natural History.
The latter is located in Denver's largest city park, which it
shares with the Denver Zoo. The Museum of Natural
History has a Planetarium as well, and on most nights laser
light shows set to rock music draw fans from throughout the
metro area.

Introduction Il

The two major newspapers in the metro area are the
Denver Post and the Rocky Mountain News. Smaller local
papers abound, with each serving a county, city, community
or special interest group.

The metro area is especially notable for its strong concen-
tration of high tech industries, especially in the aerospace
field. Ball Aerospace, Lockheed, Martin Marietta and many
others have labs and production centers in the region. Boul-
der, a short drive to the northwest, is a high-tech mecca, with
recent graduates from the University of Colorado fighting
for jobs so they can remain in the city.

Just outside of Denver, in the Rocky Mountains, are the
state parks and ski areas which contribute so greatly to
Colorado's tourism industry. It is still easy to lose sight of
civilization in this day and age by merely driving for an hour
or two and then walking for another half an hour.

But there is a side to Denver unknown to most of the
inhabitants. A world where creatures almost but not quite
human walk and live. The world of the Vampires.

Denver is claimed by Edward, a Prince who rules with
what passes for fairness in Vampire communities. Edward
is a moderately old Vampire, and comfortable in his posi-
tion. He understands the usefulness of the status quo, and
dislikes firebrands of any stripe. Edward has several Lieu-
tenants who also command considerable respect amongst
the Vampires of Denver. Foremost of these is Don Alonzo
de Vargas. Don Alonzo handles much of the day to day

governance of Denver, such as it is. The other Lieutenant is
Duke, who serves as the head of the "enforcement" arm of
the Vampiric Court. These three form the Council of
Denver.

‘The rest of the Vampires of Denver fall loosely into two
categories: the Court of the Prince and the independents,

Edward's court consists of those Vampires who feel a
need for order or hierarchy, or those who enjoy company of
their own kind. They spend a great deal of time at the
Broadstreet, their unofficial headquarters, but roam where
they will. They are, in fact, the aristocracy of Denver.

The Vampires who are, by temperament or temper,
unsuited to life in Court make up the independents. They pay
no homage to Edward, but they acknowledge his sover-
eignty, for Edward will have it no other way. Each indepen-
dent, or indie, lays claim to certain areas inside Denver as
their own. They hunt there without fear of intrusion, as a
matter of courtesy. They repay this courtesy by restraining
themselves outside of their territory. Each indie's area is
small, often no more than a few blocks oraclubortwo. They
are, without exception, high traffic areas, where a missing
person or two will be unremarkable.

The Court prowls the rest of Denver, although each of the
Kindred has his or her preferred hunting ground. Their per
capita area is many times larger than that of the indies. By
their way of thinking, this is only right, as Denver is their
city, and the indies exist only at their sufferance.

> td

pos eas

12 Alien Hunger

Cow Tipping

Among mortals, cow tip-
ping is the practice of going
out late at night and finding a
field with sleeping cows in it.
Cows sleep standing up, and
so the intrepid cow tippers
sneak up on the unsuspecting
beast in its repose and, well,
tip it over. The cow falls on
its side and wakes up in con-
fusion, generally accompa-
nied by much hilarity on the
part of the (often drunk) tip-
pers. Cow tipping can actu-
ally do great damage to the
cow, though, and is not en-
couraged.

In the slang of the Colo-
rado Kindred, however, cow
tipping refers to the practice
of feeding from cattle on the
outskirts of the city, a prac-
tice which is usually fairly
easy and without danger.

Since cattle stay in protected pasture areas, Werewolves are

Introduction

not exceptionally common
encounters, but wise Cainites
rarely go cow tipping during
full moons.

Cow tipping is most often
utilized by Vegetaries (those
who feed only off of animals)
and those trying to maintaina
low profile. Cow tipping can
be resolved using the system
in the Vampire rulebook.
Consider the Difficulty to be
4, and give the hunter two
dice foreach hour spent hunt-
ing. A botch will result in
some sort of serious trouble,
generally with a lupine, al-
though itmay involve another
Vampire or heavily armed
farmers or police. Be sure to
emphasize, though, that cow
blood is incredibly bland.
Human blood is fine food,
steaks and ice cream, while
cow blood is unflavored
oatmeal. Still, for Undead
trying to lay low, which may

well describe the characters for most of this story, it can be
a godsend.

13

<o

Ne

A

a a


Che Story

Itis avery mixed blessing to be brought back from the dead.
Kurt Vonnegut

CHAPTER ONE:
First NIGHTS

Scene One: The Attacks

Prestor kidnaps the characters to join him in his battles on
a Friday night. In each of his attacks on the characters,
Prestor will attempt to remove the memory of the attack
afterwards. So, before playing out each attack, roll Prestor's
Wits + Subterfuge (eight dice) against each character's
Willpower, and let each character resist with a roll of
Willpower against a target of 8. Do not mention to players
what they are rolling for, though. Just have them roll blind.
If Prestor has three net successes, then simply let the player
finish character generation as they will have no memory of
Prestor's attack. If Prestor does not garner that many
successes, then take the player aside and roleplay out the
attack,

For each attack, have the player describe her character's
usual activity for the day (the more identification that the
player has with his mundane life, the more shocking the
transition toa vampiric unlife will be). Then, at an appropri-
ate time, have Prestor appear. Prestor's attack should occur
when the characters are alone, or only with other characters
who will be in the basement.

The following are some examples of good setups for
attacks using the pregenerated characters. Vince and Monica
Belhurst could be attacked together, after returning from a
show — Prestor would be waiting in their apartment and
simply takes them by surprise. In this case, have Prestor
attack and overpower Vince first while Monica is in another
room. When she comes to see what the noise is, she sees
Vince unconscious on the floor.

Flash and Terri could be jumped as they leave a club and
quickly subdued in a dark alley, either separately or as a
couple. Alternatively, Terri could be attacked as she works
late at the office one evening.

Inall cases, though, Prestor will attempt to use Command
to put his Victim to sleep (8 Dice against the Target's
Willpower resisted by the target's Willpower againstatarget
of 8. Any successes indicate the target will begin to sleep).
He willcontinue this tactic until successful, as mostcharacters

will have no real defense against a Vampire of Prestor's
power.

When Prestor has put the character to sleep, stop the scene
and finish the character generation process. Then move on to
the next player. All the characters will have all their
Disciplines when they awake in the basement in the next
section. All characters have a blood pool of four since
Prestor's serum alters some of the blood which they already
possess. With four blood points, they are all hungry, but not
starving.

In each attack, the mood should be one of surprise and
futility. The characters have no real way to stop the Vampire
attacks, and should realize that they are out of their league
very quickly. Emphasize the speed and strength of their
opponent. Describe the power of his stare. For this first
scene, and this first scene only, donot worry about giving the
players a fair shake. The players must lose — without this
scene the rest of the story would not take place. (If you are
feeling daring, on the other hand, you might let one of them
survive and become a mortal companion to the rest.)

Even characters who have no memory of the attack should
be taken aside and asked to describe a day's activities,
though. In order to have a sense of loss of the old life, the
players must know what the old life


light ofthe emergency blinkers. What wasit,
a foot? Marcus looked up sharply. The
Stranger returned the stare and with great
force commanded, "Sleep, my child." Marcus
thought, "No, I can't", but his eyes drooped

a little. "Sleep," the man repeated, and
fighting his way down, Marcus did.

Scene Two: A Fiery
Awakening

After each attack, Prestor takes the unconscious character
to the secret basement of his house. He also places in the
basement three others — Vince Belhurst and Mavis and
Suzy Jackson. Once the characters are in the basement,
Prestor injects them with the serums that will complete their
transformations into Vampires, and leaves them while the
changes take place. He intends to come back to them
Saturday night and explain their situation.

That night, just after dark, Duke, Earl and the Count,
attack Prestor in his house. After a swift but brutal battle,
they break all of his limbs. Then they depart. As they leave,
they set the house on fire in order to hide their tracks and also
kill Prestor, something merely breaking all his limbs will not
do.

Shortly later, the characters awake. By this time, Prestor
is dead, and upon his death Mavis, Suzy and Vince all

reverted to humanity. This is a result of Prestor's death in
conjunction with the fact that they were all injected with the
same serum. The particular serum that these three were
injected with is a more dilute serum than those the player
characters received, and is more difectly linked to Prestor.
eee
It was dark. It took Monica Belhurst a
momient to realize she wasn't asleep in her
bed. it was dark. It was cold, too. "Hello,"
she said, her voice seeming weak, but cerily
loud at the same time, "Is anyone there?" A
scraping sound was followed by a flare of
light, intensely bright in the darkness. A
groan sounded off to her left, and a hand
moved quickly out of the darkness to snuff
the match. "Are you trying to blind us?" A
miale voice queried from behind the hand.
"No, but we've got tosee. Vil ightanother
one." The speaker's voice was vaguely familiar
to Monica, She'd have tt in a minute — a
coworker? The light was not as unexpected
this time, and by the light of the match
Monica could see that there were six of them
in the room, including her husband Vincent.
Asshe looked around, though, she felt a chill
at the sight of the brick walls and concrete
floor, They were no place she had ever seen
before.

16 Alien Hunger


Now is the time to begin to instill in the players that sense
of loss which is the hallmark of the Vampire story. Describe
the basement as dark, stuffy and warm. If they have cigarette
lighters or matches let them see that the walls are of brickand
mortar. When the first light is made, though, all the Vam-
pires with Auspex will suffer a quick dazzle as their
heightened senses overload — describe it as daggers of light
stabbing into their eyes. Emphasize their coldness and
hunger. Take pains to describe the humans in the basement
at length, and use terms one normally reserves for food —
appetizing, luscious and the like. Mention that, even in this
situation, Mavis looks good enough to eat.

Take every opportunity to contrast their old life with their
new state. If they have lighters or matches, mention that they
have no desire to smoke. They might have breath mints or
gum in their pockets, but they have no urge to eat or chew.

Encourage the characters to discuss amongst themselves
what they should do. While they talk, use sound effects and
throw in random distractions to emphasize their changes.
Making heartbeat noises quietly in the background while
they talk is a good way to start. Find an excuse for one of
them to brush up against one of the humans, and tell him the
heat coming off the humans is maddening.

The humans are all genuinely nice people, so when the
Vampires brush against them with their cold flesh, they will
offer their coats to help warm them up. Remember that the
mortals are ignorant of the characters plight, so have them
take pains to touch the Vampires often for reassurance in
their dark prison.

The awakening in the basement is the first great opportu-
nity for role-playing, so make the mostof it. Try toconvince
the players to drain the humans dry, while at the same time
doing your best to make sure that they will feel guilty if they
do. Welcome to Vest ack

And
: Sie Geni tetecle Woking hee pas aod
|, appalled. es

cee

Scene Three: Escape

There is only one obvious exit from the basement—a trap
door at the top of a flight of stairs. The door leads into the
house which is, by now, a raging inferno. Anyone touching
the door will be able to tell immediately that there is extreme

heaton the other side. The heat is so extreme that they should
roll Stamina against a target of 4 or lose one body level just
from touching the door. If they choose to brave the inferno,
the humans willall perish almost instantly, and the Vampires
must roll Wits + Athletics against a target of 8 each round
until they accumulate six successes, at which point they have
escaped. Each round they remain in the conflagration, and
they must remain at least one, they take fire damage. Roll
Stamina + Fortitude against a target of 8, but only if they
have Fortitude. They take two body levels, -1 for each
Success on the resistance roll. If they manage to escape
through the inferno, then Edward's court will be immedi-
ately aware of their existence, which will have possibly dire
consequences (see Chapter Two).

Fortunately for the characters, there is another avenue of
escape. The south wall of the basement is next to the sewer
system and the wall is quite thin. In fact, mention to the
characters that it feels several degrees cooler than the other
walls. If you would like, they can notice a little dampness
seeping from under the wall. If the characters have sufficient
light (a few matches are enough), and a search of the
basement is made, a roll of Perception plus either Alertness
or Investigation that succeeds against a target number of 6
will reveal the weakness of the wall (acharacter with Auspex
should get his bonus dice on this roll.)

If the characters discover the weak wall, or try to break
through without a search, the wall may be defeated with a
total of 6 net success, gained by rolling Strength against a
target of 7. A botch on this roll indicates that one body level

Story 17

of damage is taken as the character bashes herself against
unyielding brick. This damage may be resisted by a Stamina
roll against a target of 8.

Some haste is required in the characters choice of actions,
for, as the fire continues to burn, the air is sucked out of the
basement. While this does not affect the Vampires, the
humans will rapidly begin to suffocate (be sure to make the
appropriate sound effects to heighten the Vampires'
alienness). Ifthe characters delay too long, perhaps deciding
toride the fire out or wait to be rescued, have them notice the
temperature in the basements rising. A bit later they notice
the heat is becoming uncomfortable. Then start having them
make rolls of Stamina against a target of 8 or take one body
level from the heat. After 10 such rolls, the temperature will
begin to drop again. The fire is over and the survivors may
leave at their leisure from the basement.

If they do leave from the basement after riding out the fire,
roll adie. Ona 1-7, someone (a police officer most likely)
observes their escape from the basement.

If the players seem to be at a complete loss in the
basement, they can be guided subtly towards the weak wall.
This should only be considered for new players, though.
They can be guided as mentioned above, by commenting on
the coolness of the one wall. If they still need a hint, a small
hole in the mortar might provide a slight breeze, which
indicates a hole on the other side.

wee

In frustration, Emerson pounded against
the wall. A few feet away in the darkness
Marcus nursed his hand, burned on the only
door. Emerson struck the wall again, then
Stopped and cocked his head. He struck the
wall, closely this time. "Yes," he
thought, "it could be." Excitedly he spoke,
"Everyone listen! I think the wall is holiow!"

Scene Four: The Sewers and
After

If they escape through the wall and into the sewers, they
will shortly finda manhole. Use the time to add to the mood.
If the humans are still with them, continue to comment on
their warmth and attractiveness, and never stop reminding
the Vampires of their hunger, their damnable thirst.

When they climb out onto the street, point out that the fire
is still burning a few blocks over, and allow them to start to
make plans. If they have not fed yet, then the street presents
a plethora of opportunities. A few blocks away, a crowd has
gathered to watch the fire. A truly sensitive Vampire can
almost smell the humanity. If Vince is still with them, he will
leave, heading to the fire to check in with the authorities.

Here, though, there is still an occasional trickle of pedes-
trian traffic. A nice lady walking her dog will appear, and

look solicitously at them. She will offer to help, even to the
pointof inviting them in to make a phone call. The Vampires
should start to hallucinate if they are still hungry. Flashing
images of the woman as a hot dog at them provides the right
surreal feel. Do not relent. Keep hammering the Vampires
with opportunities to feed and chances to slake their thirston
Mavis or Suzy or random passers-by.

Your Goals During this Chapter

During this Chapter the characters should be unaware that
they are Vampires. The players, of course, know their
undead status, but the characters are modern people. "Vam-
pires?", they should think, "Ridiculous!" The emphasis is
on roleplaying, on bringing the characters to grip with the
new feelings and hungers which rage in them. If your players
start to slip, remind them of the difference between what they
as players and what they as characters know.

Play up the characters' inhumanity, keying off of their
new disciplines when possible. Those with Auspex should
have things described as unnaturally vivid, and so on. You
want the characters to know that something strange is going
on, but to be unsure as to exactly what. It should not be until
later that the pieces start to fall into place.

Use the humans as contrast to bring out the Vampires'
nature by counter-example. They breathe, the Vampires do

18 Alien Hunger


not; they are warm, the Vampires cold; their hearts beat
loudly, the Vampires hearts do not beat at all; etc.

Try very hard to convince at least one character to kill
someone and feed, preferably in a messy and public fashion.
A nice murder allows for a depth of roleplaying complica-
tions in the police investigation in the next chapter. If they
donot kill Mavis, Suzy or Vince, try to convince them to kill
apasserby ora homeless person sleeping on the streets. This
should be easier if you kept them off-balance during the first
scene. It things are moving quickly, they will have less time
toconsider the ramifications of their actions, and it will also
provide for a better investigation. If necessary, though, have
astreet punk comer one of them as they flee and attack them
with a knife. When he cuts them, send them into blood
frenzy. This extreme should not be necessary with good
roleplayers.

Music can heighten the atmosphere here a bit. The Plan-
ets, or Night on Bald Mountain playing quietly in the
background might be appropriate.

Eventually, the players should be done with the fire and
aftermath, and should think about returning to their homes,
still somewhat shocked and dazed. They will probably split
up at this point with each going to his or her home to recover
from the ordeal.

The next morning in the paper they will read that a house
belonging to Jacob Prestor bumed down during the nightand
that at least one person was killed in the blaze. Police, the

CHAPTER Two:
LiFe IN DEATH

To me death is not a fearful thing.

It's living that's a curse.

Jim Jones, Jonestown, Guyana, Nov. 18, 1978

Youare now faced with your next challenge — getting the
characters back together as a group. This problem will have
to be dealt with by you depending on the circumstances of
the first scene and of the characters you are using. With the
characters provided, it falls together fairly easily.

The first step to getting the characters together as a group
requires that one of the characters realize they are Vampires.
The character with the highest Occult score is the obvious
choice. Among the pregenerated characters this is Marcus.
The characters who comes to this realization should just as
quickly realize that the characters will need each other to
survive. He or she should, therefore, become the prime
motivator in gathering the characters together. This is one of
the reasons that the characters should be connected some-
how — to allow them to gather when they decide they
should. If the character with the highest occult score shows
no interest in sharing this information, it is up to you to
provide a little help. Mention the advantages in forming a
group. In Marcus' case the obvious advantage is Emerson's
wealth. If they still have no companionable urge, allow one
of the others to discover their state, and shift the focus to the
new character.

At this point there are a number of subplots. Each
‘operates more or less independently of the others, although
players, creative and willful creatures that they are,will
perhaps find a way to link them up.

Scene One: "The Police

Investigation

A police investigation can be just the thing to add a little
paranoia to the characters' lives. In addition, it provides a
convenient method of removing the vestiges of the charac-
ters' past life from them, and thrusting them into an under-
ground life as a Vampire. Finally, it forces them to work
together as a team, both to get their stories straight and to
throw off the police.

The police are investigating at least two and possibly
three things. They are most certainly investigating the

Story 19


murder of Jacob Prestor and the arson of his house. Sec-
ondly, the characters were reported missing just before the
murder and police are looking into that as well. Addition-
ally, if the characters slew anyone, they are investigating
these homicides. Of course, if the characters have no
"public" life in Denver (for example, they are already living
underground, or are visitors from a different city) then the
investigation will probably not touch them. On the other
hand, if the characters have lives which were shattered by
Prestor's Embrace, then they will almost certainly be in the
middle of the investigation.

Obviously, if any of the characters report being kid-
napped to the police or anything like that, they will already
be part of the investigation.
If they did not, you must
determine, based on the
character's backgrounds and
actions, how deeply they will
become involved. If the
character has loved ones,
they will have reported him
or her missing to the police,
and will, of course, report
thathe/she arrived home safe
and sound the night of the
big fire. For instance,
Windsor reported Emerson's
disappearance to the
banker's father, who in turn
contacted the police. Jenny
Bingham, at first mad when
Marcus missed a date and
then scared when he could
not be found the next day,
also notified the police.

Finally, if any of the hu-
mans trapped in the base-
mentsurvive, they will report
all they know to the police.
This is one of the main rea-
sons to try and make sure
that the characters have some connection to them. This way
they can be easily identified. With all these areas for the
police to be looking at, it should not prove too difficult to get
the characters all tied up in the investigation.

The man in charge of the investigation is Detective
William Brandt. He is a very clever detective, but comes
across as sort of a bumbler. Think of Columbo when playing
Brandt. He will personally interrogate the characters in-
volved in the investigation.

Whencarrying out the investigation, be brutal. Make sure
that the first interrogation is a surprise and do not let the
characters get together on a story unless they actually have
a chance to meet and talk. That is to say, when you start
interrogations by the police, tell the players not to talk toeach

other about the game for a while. Take the player being
questioned into a separate room where you should grill him
or her mercilessly and take notes. Repeat the process for
each character to be queried. If they then have time to get
together and try to make up a story, it should be too late.
Remember two things. One: divide them up, do not let them
listen to each other's stories. Two: do not let the players who
are not being interrogated get their stories straight.

Then, look over your notes and get ready to exploit
inconsistencies. Find all the differences in the stories and
catch the players out in their lies. Try to sneak up on the
important questions as well, work around to them by the
back way, as it were (see example).

The police investigation
should take place over the
course of several days and in
between interrogations, the
players should have time to
regroup and plan. The key is
to keep them together, but on

apologetic "Pa like task youa few

again." Brandt rubbed his forehead. "Ni
how, what size shoe do you wear

"9 C, that's very nice. I wear 7 D myself,
_ know. Do you recall what kind of shoes you _
_ were wearing on the night ofthe ire?"

20 Alien Hunger


Possible Resolutions:

There are a number of possible ways to conclude this
scene.

The first is, of course, that the characters will cover their
tracks well enough to avoid being taken in. This is notreally
very likely. If you have hit them hard and fast enough with
the investigation there should, at the very least, be enough
leads for the police to haul them in and question them. The
very idea of being imprisoned even temporarily in a police
station should be enough to send any self-respecting Vam-
pire running for cover. Police are not noted for letting
prisoners sleep all day and do their business at night.

A much more likely situation is that the players will
decide to go underground, killing off their "mortal" lives, or
simply abandoning them, and becoming creatures of the
night. If they choose this option, then they are faced with the
option of being hunted by the police for a long time, or
somehow dealing with the crimes that have been committed.
Thinking along those lines, faking their own deaths is a
possibility that is much easier for Vampires than for mortals.
(In the playtest of this story, the deaths were faked when the
Vampires simply ripped off their own jaws, so as to match
dental records, and caused car wreck. Many other possibili-
ties abound.) Another possibility would be to frame some-
one else for their crimes. A particularly weak-willed pawn
might be Dominated into confessing, for instance.

A lot of the resolution of this plot depends on whether or
notyou, as Storyteller, want this plotline left dangling. If you
would rather not worry about it, go easy on their plans to
throw off suspicion or fake their deaths. If you would rather
keep it around, make them work hard for it.

Identification

The characters are very possibly going to need new
identities. If they manage to make peace with Prince Edward
at some point, then they will have no trouble. Edward will
help them to adjust to Vampire life in all ways, including the
forging of the paperwork to lend credence to their new lives.

If, on the other hand, they do not befriend Edward, or they
require ID before doing so, then things are bit more difficult.
They have basically two options: forge it themselves, or find
someone who will.

If they choose to forge it themselves, then use the system
described in Vampire, with a difficulty of 5 for the first roll,
and 7 for the second. This is one case where the storyteller
may well want to roll the dice. The characters will have only
a vague idea of how good a forgery it is until they try it. If
they only get one or two successes, tell them it turns out to
bea pretty shoddy job. With three or four successes, the ID
looks pretty good, and with five or more, they know itis truly
impressive. If they botch, tell them they think it looks pretty
good, although just about anyone will catch it.

If they choose to find fake IDs, then a forger must be
uncovered. A forger may be found by rolling Perception +
Streetwise against a target number of 6. The search will take
all night, but two or more successes will allow the character
to find a forger of sufficient quality to generate almost
perfect IDs,

Scene Two: Angel Tony

After two days, each of the characters who is out much
should make a roll of Perception + Stealth against a target of
8. Those who succeed merely have a vague feeling that they
are being watched. On the fourth day after the fire, Tony will
put in appearance. He will try to make it at a time when all
the players are together but if there is no such time, he will
talk to the largest group he can.

Tony makes a grand entrance. Using Astral Projection,
he will scout around beforehand so as to be able to avoid
guards and security devices. Then he simply sneaks in and
interjects a pithy remark at an appropriate time. His com-
ments once he has their attention will be something like, "Do
you have a death wish or are you really this naive?"

During the ensuing conversation he will not talk about
himself at all, ignoring all questions about his age or abili-
ties. He will try to pump as much information as he can out
of the players, though. He is especially interested in their
origins and goals. In exchange he will give a crash course
in Vampirism,

Ifthe characters are still trying to hold their lives together,
he will make rude comments about hanging around with
mortals, and tell them to let it go. He will tell them, "Years
don't mean anything to you anymore. Unless you screw up,

Story 21

you' Il live for centuries. You' ve got to start thinking in those
terms."

He will also give them some general information about
Vampires which the players may know, but the characters
probably shouldnot. "Youknow the basics: fire and sunlight
will kill you, and hurt a lot, too. You might not know that
stakes through the heart are equally bad. They don' tkill you,
but you won't be able to do anything else. You can starve.
Given a choice between fire and starving, I' d take fire.

"There is one thing worse than starvation. Drinking
another Vampire's blood three times binds you to that
Vampire as though he were all that mattered in your life."

If he is asked about his motives, he will tell them that he
is curious, and helping out because he is bored. Eternal life
can do that, he says. He will verify, if asked, that Prestor is
dead.

He can also tell them, but only if asked, that there may be
ways to regain their humanity although they missed one big
way. "When one's Sire dies new Kindred sometimes revert.
Sorry."

Finally, he will warn them that many Vampires do not
take kindly to new Kindred, so they should lay low, and if
they do see another Vampire, leave quickly. In the process
he will mention there is a sort of rough hierarchy in Denver,
and that he is outside of it and does not know where the
characters fit in.

Just before leaving, he tells them that he will do some
work and see if he can find out what is going on with the other
Vampires in Denver, especially with respect to the players.
He will suggest they meet in two days at the 24th Diocese,
a night spot he tells them is "his territory."

On the appointed meeting day, Tony shows up and tells
the characters he is still working on it and they should
continue to lay low. He says he will contact them in a few
days.

The next day, Edward becomes aware of the characters'
existence, if he has not already, by means of contacts at the
police station and Auspex specialists in his court. The police
provide the information that there were people in a secret
basement, and the Vampires verify that they were Kindred.
This means that the harassment will begin that night.

eee

Edward sat in the back room at the
Broadstreet, brooding. "The rebel Prestor
created a litter, it seems. Or so Rachel said.
This complicates things greatly," he thought.
"Duke." He spoke sofily, but the door opened
and the hage Vampire entered almost in-
Stantly.

"Yes, sir?" Duke stood absolutely still,
the kind of still only the dead can maintain.

"Spread the word. Prestor's brood are
anathema. They may be killed freely, al-

The day after that, Tony leaves a message for the charac-
ters with the bartender at the 24th Diocese. The text of the
message is:

"Guys, you got problems. A guy named Edward, who
pulls some weight around here, wants you dead —for good.
Avoid the Broadstreet, a club he hangs out at, and his house
at654 Mountain Crest, off of Route 93. See youSunday night
at 1 a.m. Tony"

Unfortunately, Tony has gone too far, and shortly after
dropping off the message, is captured by Edward. Edward
takes Tony back to his house, the above mentioned 654
Mountain Crest, and interrogates him thoroughly. After
getting all the information out of Tony that he can, he
executes him. Tony will, therefore, be unable to keep his
Sunday night appointment.

If the players are worried by Tony's absence, and attempt
to track his movements, they will find Candi at the 24th

22 Alien Hunger


Diocese. Candi, one of Tony's favorites, will tell them that
the last time he was in was a few nights ago. If the players
count back, they will find that it was the night he left the
message with the bartender.

Scene Three: Seek and Ye
Shall Find

The players may find that they are casting about in the
dark, and wish to discover what they may about their new
state and their new situation. Many of the facts presented
elsewhere are not known to the characters, some bits may
well never be known, and still others are easily discovered.

In this scene some of the various topics the players may
wish to research on their own are presented. It is done in
shorthand form, since it is all dealt with in other places. The
short pieces of information here are guides to indicate what
amount of that other information should be made available
tothe players. The information they may discover here is not
going to fall into their laps, though; they have to go out and
get it!

General Procedure

The exact information discovered depends on how many
successes are gained on the roll. If the character wishes to
research again, they may do so, at the cost of time, but
Successes gained in one attempt do not carry over into the
next. To lear the information at the three success level,
three successes must be acquired in one cast of the dice.

Jacob Prestor

‘The characters may be interested in Prestor, as they have
no information on who he is, and he is no condition to tell
them. They may, therefore, attempt to use mundane means
to investigate him.

They may choose to speak to his neighbors and discover
his habits and guests. If they do, each attempt will take one
whole evening, since people are not generally amenable to
answering questions late at night. Each character who
wishes to may try to gain information, but may only try once.
They may choose from a variety of methods, but the results
are the same. The target number is a 6, though a very good
and well-roleplayed plan may reduce the target to 5.

Some of the tactics they may choose are: Manipulation +
Subterfuge (they just flat out try to tell whatever lie they
think will work), Charisma + Empathy (they area concerned
party, friend or relation), Manipulation + Intimidation (scare
it out of them), Appearance + Etiquette (Impress the neigh-
bors with their overall image, that is, "/t is unimportant why
I desire this information, just tell me because I look impor-
tant." Any point in the background Fame can be added to
this roll), Charisma + Bureaucracy (try to convince the
neighbors they are some government functionary), Wits +

Intelligence (tell the truth, more or less, i.e. represent them-
selves as some type of investigator).

You can either tell the players what the rolls are, or (and
this is recommended) find out what their story will be and
then decide which of the above rolls is most appropriate. The
blond mentioned below is Roger Liverman. If they do
manage to discover the license plate, then a roll of Intelli-
gence + Bureaucracy against a target of 5, with two or more
successes, will yield Liverman's name after three hours of
work,

1 Success  Prestor was quiet gentleman, a good
neighbor.

2 Successes He was a little bit odd. Didn't get out
much or have many visitors.

3 Successes The only visitor he did have at all regu-
larly was a blonde gentleman in a Jaguar.

4 or more The Jaguar's license number was "SCI-
ENCE," a vanity plate.

Monetary Situation

To research Prestor's finances, you should have the
player roll his Intelligence+Finance, with a target of 6. This
is true research, involving looking in libraries and making
phone calls and so on. If the characters come up with a
particularly brilliant plan, you should have them roll against
a difficulty of 5.

1 Success Jacob Prestor's money was handled by the
respected Denver broker Aynsely Whitman.

2Successes Two years ago, Prestor gave Whitman a half
a million dollars to invest, and has since been living off the
proceeds.

3ormore Themoney came from numbered Swiss bank
accounts. In addition, Prestor had letters of introduction
from two prominent Boston lawyers. Prestor has a safety
deposit box at the United National Bank of Denver.

Edward Williams

Edward, as the primary antagonist for much of the story,
may well come under scrutiny. Both his origins and his
current situation may be investigated.

Finances

The roll is Intelligence+Finance, and the target is 6. This
is similar to researching Prestor's finances in that itinvolves
time as explained in the Vampire rules under research. As
with the research into Prestor's finances, a good plan will
give the characters a lower difficulty.

1 Success Edward Williams is a fairly successful
businessman who runs the Broadstreet.

2 Successes In fact, he owns the club outright, having
purchased it on a five-year lease.

Story 23

3ormore Actually, well off is an understatement. He
more has lots and lots of money.

Origins/Background

Trying to get a feel for where Edward came from might
help the characters out. The roll is Intelligence + Investiga-
tion; the target is 7.

1Success He arrived from Las Vegas 15 years ago.

2 Successes He has a great deal of money, which he
invested in the Broadstreet.

3ormore Something seems fishy about the background.
It seems artificial somehow.

The Police Investigation

The characters may also be interested in the police inves-
tigations, both for the arson case (the burning of Prestor's
house) and any murders that they themselves may have
committed. The arson information is listed below. For any
crimes the characters have committed, make a table up
similar to the one for the arson case.

Simply to be able to roll, the characters must have some
access to police records. They might have been involved in
Jaw enforcement in their mundane lives, or have contacts in
law enforcement. A "Contacts Score" of two or more would
be sufficient to allow the character to roll. Failing all these,
three or more successes on a single roll of Manipulation +
Bureaucracy with a target of 6 would allow a character
access for long enough to do one bout of research.

The roll for the arson case is Intelligence + Law, and all
the caveats listed for the research into Prestor above apply
here as well. The target number is 6. As with the researches
above, a clever plan should lower the difficulty.

The Arson Case
1Success It was definitely arson, not an accidental fire.

2 Successes The body found was tentatively identified
as Prestor, though there was not enough left to run any tests
on.

3.Successes Some leads indicate that three men, known
only as Duke, Earl and the Count may be have been involved.
There arealso indications a blond man had been seen leaving
the scene of the crime right as neighbors noticed the fire.

4ormore Duke, Earl and the Count are known to hang
outataclub called the Broadstreet. In addition, if the players
did commit any murders the night of the fire, near the fire,
then these three and the blond man are suspects in the killings
as well.

Hitting the Streets

Streetwise characters may wish to hit the streets and see
what they can dig up on a number of subjects.

The Broadstreet

Ifthe players have learned that the Broadstreet is involved
(through Tony, or research into the arson case, for example),
they can certainly see what they know about it. A character
with either Music or Streetwise may immediately roll Intel-
ligence + that ability to see what they know, with a target of
8. They may also try to learn more by getting out on the
streets and talking to people. If they do, they may roll
Manipulation + either Music or Streetwise againsta target of
6.

1 Success "Cool Club, dude!"

2ormore Owned by Edward Williams, who also plays
in the house band, Seventh Son.

Seventh Son

The band of Vampires that plays regularly at the
Broadstreet, and sporadically elsewhere. A roll of Intelligence
+ Music against a target of 8 will let the character know the
band members' names from memory; otherwise, a roll of
Wits + either Music or Streetwise with a target of 7 will let
one discover them quickly. Likewise, anyone who simply
calls up the Broadstreet and asks will be told without
hesitation.

The band is Edward Williams on lead guitar and vocals,
Jason Dodgerson on bass, Karen Mauve on drums, Leslie
Boothe on keyboards, horns, and vocals, and Leslie Wilkes
on guitar.

Duke, Earl, and the Count

Anyone with Streetwise who spends a few hours at
tracking any of these three down will discover on a Wits +
Streetwise roll against a difficulty of 6 that the word on the
Streets is: "Don't mess with these boys. They don't start
things, but they sure finish them."

If the characters gains three successes, they will be told
that the trio have been asking around about a blond man
possibly involved in burglaries.

Scene Four: The Hunters

This subplot involves the effort made by the Prince of
Denver to find and exterminate the characters once he knows
of their existence.

As soon as Edward becomes aware of the characters'
existence, the harassment will begin. Unless the characters
do something rash and high profile, or if they escaped by
running through the burning house, it will take Edward some
time to realize that they are running loose in Denver. If he
does not discover it any other way, he will discover it from
Tony.

Now things begin to get ugly. The characters are living on
borrowed time. The Vampires in Denver, nominally under

24 Alien Hunger

Edward's control, have been given an open contract on them.
To simulate this, bear a few things in mind.

First, if the players go to a Vampire hangout, then they
will obviously run into trouble. Otherwise, roll a die every
night. Ona 1, some sort of trouble erupts. If they have been
particularly high profile (moving around a lot, feeding
indiscriminately, etc.), up the chance to 2 or 3 out of 10.

The main kind of trouble they can run into is simply to
bump into a Vampire or two who want to wipe them out, If
possible, set itup so either side can flee. The idea is to harass
the players, not kill them. Additionally, do not rely purely
on the dice to decide when an attack would occur. If you feel
it is time for the characters to meet their Kindred, then have
them appear.

: eee =
Flash and Terri were bored. They were
oe of the Broadstreet, like Tony

being watched. Tee 8

Airst choice of clubs.

were movingal perfectly. Then

the crowd gapped for a sone and Flash

saw the redhead across the floor. More
importantly, she saw him. "Oh, shoot. Terri,

‘we need to lease. Now!"

Terri looked confused. "Why?"
‘Tjust saw a Vampire, and I think she saw
_ me." By the time he Anished, Terri was
__ already moving towards the door.

Flash unlocked Terri's doar and went to
the other side. He fumbled with the lock for
a moment, then opened his door. A sudden
shock slammed it shut again. The redhead
siniled at him. "Hi," she said and held up
her hand. Flash watched as claws grew on
the hand. She smiled again, then slashed
across his face.

In the confusion of heuextie, monet,
Flash fought back with all the strength he
possessed, but he was obviously outmatched
until Tern joined him and turned the tide.
After a few moments, the redhead tooka step
back and cursed. Then she was gone and a
giant bat flew off down the sireet, leaving
Wash and Terri alone.

eee

On the other hand, if they really are running around in the
dark and have not even begun to explore any of the other
avenues of research, giving them a prisoner to grill might be
a good idea.

If you decide to move things along with a prisoner, an
action which should be held in reserve until all other hope is
lost, then the suggested Vampire to use is Bothwell. Bothwell
thinks he is a raging engine of destruction, and is, in fact,
pretty good. Still, a concerted effort by three or four of the
characters should be enough to drop him. Once he is
captured, he will crack easily under threats and tell the
players the following information (adjust the monologue as
needed, of course).

Story 25

"Edward, the Prince, he runs the city you know, wants
you out of here. You guys are loose cannons and Edward
doesn't like that. If you are in his city, you are under his
supervision or you're dead. So he wants you dealt with and
fast. Dead, gone, or surrendered, he doesn't care, but
something has got to happen."

As youcan see, Bothwell is kind of acop out. He outlines
the players choices for them in simple terms. Hopefully,
they will not need it, but they might.

Possible Resolutions

As mentioned by Bothwell, there are three main ways to
resolve this plotline: war, surrender and flight.

Although war is an option that will immediately occur to
many, it is an option which will probably bring the Chronicle
to a premature end, with the players as probable losers.
Make sure the players have a hint of this beforehand by
mentioning the apparent age and powers of their foes, their
numbers, and the cunning which their leaders display. If
they persist, give them one or two narrow escapes to con-
vince them they are playing with fire. If they still do not
figure it out, then show no mercy. Be fair to the players, but
be fair to the Vampires of Denver, too.

Surrender or making peace is probably the best option.
All Edward wants is an assurance they will not move against
him. Convincing the characters this is an option may be
tricky if they are paranoid, as many characters are. To
counter this, take pains to make sure they look at the situation
from Edward's point of view. In addition, they may have
realized that Edward was misled in his vendetta, and if they
do, point out that he might be grateful at having the plot
brought to light.

If they choose to meet and swear that they harbor no
ambition, they must still convince him. Remember, the
Prince has built up a great deal of paranoia during his long
life. He will demand that the characters drink of his blood
before he will let them live. Since Tony warned them about
this, the characters may very well not want to go along with
the drinking. In this case, they can try to talk their way out
of it (Wits + Empathy against a difficulty of 8), but only
allow them a roll if they can actually say things which you
feel would move the paranoid ruler. If they cannot convince
the Prince they mean no harm, he will insist they leave the
city or die.

Ifconvinced of their good intentions, Edward will happily
contribute to their assimilation into the Vampire commu-
nity. He will teach them the vampiric traditions and tell them
about the Camarilla. Finally, he will warn them about
endangering the Masquerade. Additionally, if they can
sometime convince Edward that Thaddeus has duped him
into being a hit man, then Edward will become a strong ally
if they choose to pursue Thaddeus.

Flight is also a reasonable option, as Edward has no
interest in pursuing them beyond his sphere of influence. If

they leave the Denver-Metro area, Edward's interestin them
vanishes. Characters are not likely to choose this option,
though, since they would be leaving many things unfinished
and unclear.

If your players are good, they should spend quite a bit of
time going over their options. This is your time to play
devil's advocate. Stress Edward's position. All he knows is
that there are a bunch of unknown Vampires running around
his city making a mess. If they were not hostile, wouldn't
they tell him so? Try to convince them a meeting with
Edward might not be instantly fatal, but try to do it with
enough subtlety enough that they think they thought of it
themselves.

oe

Whatever the resolution of their meeting with Edward, as
they turn to leave he will ask after them, "By the way, which
of you was it who saw Duke when he first broke into the
house?"

Needless to say, the characters should have no idea what
the Prince is talking about. According to Duke, someone
inside Prestor's house saw him entering the building for the
raid. He is sure it was not Prestor himself, and since none of
them could figure out who it was, the Prince has come to the
conclusion it was one of the characters.

When the characters deny any knowledge of what the
Prince is talking about, he will ask Duke to tell them what he
saw, and Duke will tell them a short, blond, seemingly
unkempt man darted out of the room he entered the building
through. He knew it was not Prestor, and Prestor at first
demanded to know why they had rifled through his things
(which they hadn't) before recognizing who they were.
They had no luck finding the mysterious stranger in the
house before they set it afire, and originally believed him to
have been a burglar in the wrong place at the wrong time.

The Prince will be puzzled when he finds out the figure
was not one of the characters. and will have Duke continue

26 Alien Hunger

to try and find out who it was. At this time he can tell the
characters no more, however.

CHAPTER THREE:
ON THE OFFENSIVE

Midnight, time for a homicide
Showtime, somebody's gonna die
Ice-T, MIC Contract

Now that the characters have had the chance to regain
their balance, they have the opportunity to take charge of
their lives. There are a number of loose ends to tie up, most
notably finding out who the blond man was. Their best clue
is the neighbors, who will give them the information they
need to track down Dr. Roger Liverman. If they cannot find
out from the neighbors, they might discover the blond
biochemist has become a target of the police investigation.
Do not have this happen unless the characters become
desperate for a lead.

Scene One: Dr. Liverman I

Presume

Even as Thaddeus plotted his downfall, Jacob Prestor
continued his research. He hada small lab in his home —no
part of which survived the fire — where he did much of the
research. But he also contracted with a local biochemist,
Roger Liverman, to help with the analysis of certain serums.
Liverman, an independent researcher, has access to several
labs in Denver with equipment far superior to that of Prestor
himself.

The characters may become aware of Liverman in several
ways. The first is by reading Prestor's journals from his
Safety Deposit Box (see United National Bank of Denver in
the Locations of Interest section). Another way is by
tracking down his car, which the neighbors have seen. If
they do not become aware of it in any other way, they will
find the connection one month after the fire when a small
newspaper story comments that "Jacob Prestor, slain in the
fire of last month, was involved in some type of biochemical
research with local scientist Roger Liverman. Mr. Liverman
states that Mr. Prestor was using the name David Champs.
Anyone with information concerning David Champs should
contact the legal firm of Browning and Whitman." (The
lawyers are still trying to track down any of Prestor's
mythical relatives in order to finalize the details of his
estate.)

Once aware of Liverman, the players may choose to
research him, meet with him and/or search his house or
office. Researching his past requires an Intelligence +
Science roll against a target of six. Any successes show him

Story 27

to be a prominent local biochemist who used to teach at the
University of Colorado before striking out on his own
several years ago. Three successes indicate he was forced to
resign from the University over some unspecified scandal
involving experiments he was involved with. Indeed, he had
been conducting unauthorized tests using the blood from
students in his classes.

Setting up a meeting with Liverman will be easy if the
characters mention they knew Prestor, as he is very inter-
ested in finding out more about the work Prestor hired him
to do. When the characters actually do come to talk with
Liverman, however, they will find him exceptionally upset
and will accuse the characters of having broken into his
house the previous night. He says the only reason he has not
gone to the police is because he is willing to give the
characters chance to turn over the material they took. Then,
"All will be forgiven."

Convincing Liverman they had nothing to do with the
break-in will not be too difficult (no roll required with good
roleplaying). Once the characters have done so, he will tell
them the burglar stole the results of his work for Prestor.
While he originally thought the characters might have been
the burglars, he now thinks, "/t might have been that dirty
little guy who wanted to buy the results of my research." If
asked to describe his earlier visitor, he will tell the characters
about an unkempt blond man named Robert Klondike, who
came to visit almost a week ago.

When Liverman refused to sell him the research, Klondike
gave him a phone number to call should he change his mind.
Liverman says he never called the number. He also never
called the police about the burglary, and says if the charac-
ters help him retrieve it, he would be happy to share his notes
with them. Actually, he hopes the characters will provide
him with the information he lacks, such as where the infor-
mation came from, Liverman has become so caught up in
solving the puzzles of his research that Klondike's refusal to
give him information is the main reason he would not assist
his visitor.

If the characters break into his house, they will have to
deal with the fact that Liverman is home because of the
earlier burglary. Usually he spends his nights at singles'
bars, but because of the robbery, he spends the night of their
break-in at home. Thus breaking in requires an extended,
opposed roll. Any characters involved in the break-in and
search of his house must obtain 15 successes before he does
the same.

The rolls required start with a Wits + Security roll to enter
the locked house, a Dexterity + Stealth roll to remain
unheard and then Perception + Investigation rolls to find the
notes on Liverman's research as well as the disturbing in-
formation that Liverman was robbed last night. All the rolls
are made against difficulties of 6, as are Liverman's Percep-
tion + Alertness rolls (a total of five dice). Each character
who breaks in mustroll separately and accumulate successes
independently. If Liverman accumulates 15 successes first,

orone of the characters botches, then Liverman will confront
them with shotgun in hand.

Again he will demand that the characters return what they
stole the previous night, "Or else we involve the police . . .
now." Convincing him of their innocence in the earlier
burglary will be much harder now and requires not only good
roleplaying but also a Charisma + Subterfuge roll against a
difficulty of 8. Of course, the characters could always
Dominate him or otherwise force him to help, but doing so,
they now know, would be a potentially dangerous breach of
the Masquerade, especially since Liverman may already
know too much about Vampires.

When the characters finally gain access to Liverman's
notes, they find the notes describe in painful detail the
analyses he performed on the various samples he was given.
‘The notes are well documented, and a character with Medi-
cine at four or more, or a Biochemistry speciality in Science
will be able to determine easily that all the tests were
performed thoroughly and ably. Even a scientific illiterate
will notice the "Conclusions" section, which reads:

"Anti-Body #1 should, in all cases, destroy the unidenti-
fied substance, "alpha", on contact. Analysis of Residue #1,
however, indicates that the resulting residue is extremely
toxic.

"Anti-Body #2 has a similar effect, neutralizing any
concentration of "alpha" with which it comes in contact. It
does not form a toxic residue. The residue it forms is an
interesting biological substance which will cause an allergic
reaction in human beings, and in fact, in most mammals. In
high enough concentrations, it could well be fatal."

Liverman also notes that the various serums defy analysis
in some respects, and he is completely unable to identify the
makeup of "alpha." He states he would be completely
unable to synthesize any more of any of the serums. Finally,
he mentions that about one third of each vial would be
adequate for a "mass of roughly human size."

You may, if you wish, or if playing with characters who
are not clinically minded, allow players to make a roll of
Intelligence + Occult to realize that the above implies that
the chance of surviving an injection with the substance
called Anti-Body #2 will be greater the lower the injected
target's Blood Pool.

Characters who are scientific in background may wish to
continue Prestor's research. They may do so if they have
skill in either Medicine or Biochemistry. If they have no
notes, their initial start-up will take one month. With one set
of notes it will take two weeks, and with both sets of notes
a mere week. After the start up time has passed, the
characters will realize that to determine how to make the
serums will take, conservatively, several decades of work,
and they will have a renewed appreciation of Pasteur's
genius. (If they decide to invest the decades of work, then
you are on your own.)

28 Alien Hunger

Liverman's curiosity has been piqued by the bizarre
substance, "alpha," which he has been given to research. If
the players do not discover Liverman, or choose to ignore
him, he will continue his research, and may eventually come
to the notice of Vampire Hunters somewhere, where his
serums could be a powerful new weapon. His reaction is up
to you.

If the burglary (or burglaries) of his house goes unex-
plained, then he will be even more interested and will
actively begin research and investigation into Prestor's
affairs. Precisely how this affects your Chronicle is, of
course, up to you. If you wish, he could be noticed in his
studies by Sullivan Dane, or another Vampire hunter and
drafted to their cause. Alternatively, he could be intercepted
by one of Edward's minions, and killed or Embraced.
Whatever seems the most interesting to you is the correct
method.

Scene Two:
The Shadow

Knows

Tracking down Robert
Klondike (yes, it was
Klondike Duke noticed in
Prestor's house) will be easy
if they got his phone number
from Liverman. Since
Klondike has had so little in-
teraction with the real world
over the past several decades,
all they need do is call infor-
mation and they can get the
address —he did not think of
getting an unlisted number or
using a false name. The ad-
dress turns out to be a small
house in a blue-collar neigh-
borhood north of Denver.

Calling Klondike is not
necessarily the best way to
contact him. He is slightly
paranoid, and the characters interest in his possessions may
cause him to flee. Still, if the characters convince him to
meet with him, or go after him without calling first, then go
on to the next chapter.

Without the phone number, characters have little chance
of finding the ghoul. If they cannot find him, so be it.
Impatient, the ghoul eventually uses the serums without
adequate testing, and dies. The serums disappear into the
mists of time, maybe to reappear some day in your Chronicle.
The characters do not learn about Thaddeus and have no
chance to track down the Elder responsible for their Em-
brace. This is a completely adequate ending, as characters

donotalways "win," especially notin Vampire. Ifthis isthe
case, then the characters can try to go ahead with their own
research for a cure for vampirism (especially if they have
gained access to Prestor's safety deposit box) or else you can
end Alien Hunger here and begin a Story of your own
devising.

CHAPTER Four:
To LivE ONcE More

Oh, mother! wherefore speak the name of death?
Cease they to love, and move, and breath, and speak
Who die?

Percy Bysshe Shelley, Prometheus Unbound
The characters can use any method at their disposal to go
after Klondike. If they man-
age to set up a meeting with
him, he will know them for
what they are as soon as he
sees them. If they break into
his house, it is highly likely
he will discover their intru-
sion, confront them, and dis-
cover they are Vampires.
Whatever they do, if they
manage to track Klondike
down, they will soon find
themselves .. .

Scene One:
In a Ghoul's
Grasp

Klondike almost never
leaves his house, petrified by
the fear that something may
happen tohis precious serums.
When characters come to his
house, they find it locked and
dark. If they have set up a
meeting with him by phone,
Klondike will let them in, but will be edgy and prepared to
defend himself.

As detailed in the character chapter, however, Klondike
will do almost anything to become a Vampire. He risked the
inferno of Prestor's house to steal whatever information he
could on the chemist's experiments and then broke into
Liverman's house to take the serums. He has almost no idea
of what to do with the serums now that he has them, but
knows they can turn him into a Vampire.

The characters' presence is a godsend for him. He is
rightly afraid of using the serums without knowing what he
is doing, but knows the characters can easily turn him into

Story 29


what he wants to be. Thus, unless the characters attack him
immediately, he offers them a trade. He will give them the
serums and all the information he has about them after they
turn him into a Vampire.

By now, the characters should know in no uncertain terms
that turning Klondike into a Vampire without Edward's
permission would immediately lead toa Blood Hunt. If they
say they want to ask the Prince, Klondike will object imme-
diately, and threaten to destroy the serums, "Your only
chance of regaining your humanity," if the characters do so.
He knows Thaddeus had Edward under his control, and fears
what may happen if Thaddeus finds out what he is up to.

The characters have a variety of options for getting the
serums, none of which should be appealing. If they over-
power Klondike, he will refuse to tell them anything, know-
ing itis likely he would die soon anyway from lack of blood.
Dominating him is difficult, and risks him throwing it off or
seeking revenge after the Domination is over.

Two options for the characters are to turn him into a
Vampire and ensure that he immediately leaves town, or to
overpower him and search the house. The serums are hidden
in a package taped to the inside of his chimney flue. The
characters will only find the black package if they specifi-
cally say they are searching the chimney, and then only on
a Wits + Alertness roll against a difficulty of 8.

Klondike is exceptionally jumpy, and is ready to fight at
a moments notice. He has a heavy pistol and a smoke
grenade in the pockets of his coat. If a fight is imminent, he
will pull the pin on the smoke grenade and run for his cache
of weapons. There he will pull outa semi-automatic shotgun
and prepare to stake the characters once he has incapacitated
them. If he captures them, he will threaten to leave them for
the sun unless they make him a Vampire. He will take one,
tied up but unstaked, outside and demand to be tumed into
a Vampire. If the character complies, he will prepare to leave
town and frees the character right before doing so. If the
character does not comply, then he leaves her outside for he
sun and threaten another with the same fate.

Klondike already plans to leave town as soon as he is
turned intoa Vampire. After being embraced, he will beg the
characters not to tell anyone about him and then warn them
about Thaddeus, who he blames for all their troubles. After
giving them the serums, he will immediately pack a single
suitcase and leave Denver for good (or at least until you as
Storyteller decide to bring him back).

Scene Two: A Heart Beat

However the characters come into possession of the
serums, they discover each wooden test tube box contains a
number of stoppered tubes, and except for minor details the
two sets are identical. Each set holds at least four tubes
containing what appears to be blood (the exact number
depends on their characters' Clan choices, as detailed be-
low), two tubes containing a clear, thick liquid, two tubes

containing white powder and one empty tube. Both setshave
labels affixed to the tubes and to the spaces in which they
Test.

The blood-filled tubes each have a little "Biohazard"
sticker on them and are labeled "Serum #1" up through
whatever number of tubes there are. In addition, in Prestor's
set from the bank, the tubes have additional labels. The first
tube is labeled: Georges/L. Pasteur. This is the vial contain-
ing samples of the blood of Pasteur, the active part of which
is the same as that of Georges. The second label reads
"Neutral." This vial contains the neutral serum Prestor
developed following his "death." The third tube has the label
"M. & S. J., V.B." This is the serum Prestor injected Mavis
and Suzy Jackson with, as well as Vincent Belhurst. It isa
derivative of Prestor's own blood, and is the reason that upon
his death those three and only those three reverted to human-
ity.

There should be one more vial for each different clan
amongst the players, and each "clan vial" should be labeled
with the appropriate character or characters' initials. For
example, if there are three player characters, two Gangrels
and a Toreador, there would be two more vials, one with the
Toreador' s initials, and one with the initials of both Gangrels.
These vials contain variations on the original serum which
Prestor has developed over the years through the blood of
various allies he recruited. He injected the characters with
a wide variety of serums, hoping both to diversify their
talents and — a scientist even now — to observe the effect
of the different serums.

‘The vials of clear liquid are labeled "Anti-Body #1, Test"
and "Anti-Body #2, Test." These contain Prestor's two
experimental cures for vampirism.

The vials of white powder are labeled "Residue 1" and
"Residue 2." The powder is the residue left when the
respective Anti-Body Solutions are added to Prestor's blood.

The empty tube is unlabeled and is simply a spare.

Adventurous characters may choose to inject themselves
immediately with one of the serums (including the Anti-
Body's). If they do, ask them how much of the serum they
wish to use. Some of the serums will have an effect when
ingested, others have an effect only when injected. Each vial
contains up to three doses, if injected, but the characters may
not know this. The serums have the following effects.

Serum #1 is the exception to three doses per vial rule. If
and only if the entire vial is injected, the character will
effectively gain 1 generation.

Serum #2 will have no effect on any character who injects
it

If the characters inject themselves with serum from the
vials labeled with their names, there is no effect. If they
choose to experiment with one of the other "clan vials," you
should roll a die. On a 1-4 there is no effect. Ona 5-8, the
character's clan immediately shifts to that of the serum. On
a9, the character becomes a Caitiff, and ona 10 the character

30 Alien Hunger


gains 1 point in one of the Clan Disciplines of the Serum. In
all cases, the change to Clans are only for game mechanics
purposes (i.e. Experience costs to raise Disciplines change,
as does their Clan weakness). Any Clan bonds which they
may have are unaffected.

Any of the "blood serums" described above may be freely
imbibed. They are of delicious taste, and each full vial will
restore one blood point.

Anti-Body 1 is a serum designed to restore humanity toa
Vampire, but at the cost of his or her life, i.e. they will be a
dead mortal. If they use this serum, have them roll Humanity
against a targetof 6. If they getatleast 3 successes, they have
succeeded in returning to their humanity, but they are also
going to die of blood poisoning within 40 seconds or so. The
character should have just enough time for a death speech.

Anti-Body #2 is intended to return the Vampire to full,
mortal life. If someone injects this serum, they should roll
humanity against a target of 6. Each success will remove 1
point of a Discipline from the Vampire. If enough successes
are generated to destroy all of a character's Disciplines, she
has returned to Humanity. The shock may still kill her. First
subtract one health level for each blood point she has under
10. If she is still alive, roll five more dice against a target
number of the character's Stamina + 3, with each success
removing another health level.

As you can see, characters who blindly try out the anti-
body serums are probably going to die, a not unreasonable
result of injecting random substances into one's veins.
However, either through research on their own, or by pilfer-
ing Liverman's notes, they can vastly improve their chances
of returning to mortality, if that is their wish. Drinking the
Anti-Body Serums will have no effect whatsoever.

With the serums, they also realize that they could, in
perhaps a matter of months, refine the serums they already
have to increase their potency. The research they are doing
is purification, not synthesis.

To proceed with the lab work will require either a charac-
ter with a Resource Level of 4, or a two characters with a
Resource Level of 3. Alternatively, the characters can
simply spend $100,000 dollars (not a big problem if they
have raided Prestor's bank). This investment covers the
outfitting of the lab, without which no further work can be
done.

Once they have outfitted the lab, each month they may
make a research roll. They will be more or less unable to
achieve anything with any of the serums except Anti-Body
2. To refine Anti-Body #2, they may roll Intelligence +
Biochemistry against a target of 8, or Intelligence + Medi-
cine against a9. A total of 10 successes are required. Once
the 10 successes have been achieved, the serum is as ad-
vanced as they are likely to make it.

If they inject this serum, they may now roll Humanity
againsta target of 4 with each success removing a Discipline.
Ifall the Disciplines are gone, they are human and must now
check to see if they survive. Again, subtract 1 Health level
for each point of blood pool they lack. Then roll three dice
against a target of Stamina + 3, with each success removing
one more health level.

A note about the serum use to return to Humanity. This
should be a moment fraught with tension and high level
roleplaying. The characters hold possible salvation in their
hands, but should they choose to attempt to return to human-
ity, they return to all the woes of mortality — disease, aging,
and death. In their Vampiric form they have certain weak-
nesses, but there is hope for Golconda, and powers that mere
humans can never possess. For some characters, the choice
iseasy one way or another. For others, they will truly be torn.
Be sure to play up the dangers of the return to mortality and
the fact that death, final death is a very real threat. If they
have done any research into the serums, be sure to warn them
that a failed attempt may very well strip away some of their
Vampiric prowess.

Story 31



Locations of Incerrest

We were once so close to Heaven
Peter came out and gave us medals
declaring us the Nicest of the Damned.
They Might Be Giants, Road Movie to Berlin

These are some of the locations which the characters may
visit in the course of the story. Some of the places almost
require a visit if the story is to be resolved, while others are
more or less tangential to the story.

The Broadstreet

The Broadstreet is the nightclub owned and operated by
Edward, the Prince of Denver. It also serves as a base of
operations for his court. Seventh Son is the house band, and
can be found playing there almost every Wednesday night.

It is a darkish bar, moderately well stocked and well
frequented. Those in the know about the Denver music scene
prize it highly for its live music. It can seat about 40, with
another 15 at the bar and still leave room for a small dance
floor near the stage. On a good night, they will pack 80
people into the club.

Edward has a business office in a back room behind the
bar, and, on nights when he is not playing, he is often in the
back taking care of business, or merely hanging around.

What with the band and business, on any given night
Edward will be at the Broadstreet on a die roll of 1-7.

Theclub's success has many benefits for those in Edward's
court. For those who care to do so, the club provides an ideal
location to scout for prey. The number of people in and out
of the club allows the hunter to choose potential victims with
ease, although the victims are never taken in or near the club
on pain of Edward's displeasure, and Edward's displeasure
is sometimes fatal. The second major benefit of the club is to
provide Edward with a rationale for his income.

The highly public nature of the club renders it as almost
neutral territory as it would be very difficult to do any
violence at the club without witnesses. Further, any adverse
publicity, such as a murder or riot, might force Edward to
relocate, something he is loath to do (thus his rule against
hunting near the club). The ban on feeding near the club,
combined with its high visibility, means that the indepen-
dents may also venture there at will, though few do unless
they need to speak with Edward or have other business at
court. Should the characters try to venture there, their
reception will vary dramatically with the stage in the story.

If they are unknown to Edward, then they will be recog-
nized almost instantly as Vampires, and treated civilly until
they can be introduced to the Prince. The assumption in this
case is that they are visitors, coming to make their presence
known to the ruler of the City, as is right and proper.

On the other hand, if their cover is blown, they will be
pushed, shoved and threatened, but no overt violence will
take place in the club. If the characters do not make some
accommodation (see The Hunters) and leave, the Vampires
will try to follow the characters or lure them to some other
location where they may be attacked with impunity. Once
away from the club and its immediate area, the Vampires
there will attack with glee, but as long as the characters
remain in the open in the club they are relatively safe.
Therefore, they will almost always be able to have parley
with Edward, should they so choose, merely by arriving at
the Broadstreet and asking for a meeting.

If the players choose to try to break into the club and see
what they can find in Edward's office, they have a difficult
task. The only ways in are through the front door or the
loading entrance/emergency exit in the back. Both lead to
the club proper and so any invader must pass before the
scrutiny of any in the club. During the day, there is not likely
to be any one present, but at 4 p.m., the club opens. Shortly
after nightfall, the Vampires begin to arrive. The club closes
at 2 a.m., although Vampires often hang around until about
4 or 5. With sunrise coming when it does, around 6 a.m. or
7a.m., there isa very short window of opportunity should the
characters try to sneak in when no one is around.

If there is not an open war on, they can probably find a
time, after about 3, when there is only one Vampire in the
club. Randomly determine who it is, and let the players
attempt to overpower him or her. This will, of course, blow
their cover and start a war if the witness survives. If the war
is on, then no less than three vampires will be in the club until
they all leave.

If they try to sneak in when the club is deserted, they will
have at most two hours before sunrise The doors are not hard
to pick and only require a Security + Dexterity roll with a
target of 6, though 5 successes are needed. Alternatively, the
characters could make a Repair + Dexterity roll witha target
of 7 and 5 successes needed. Scare the players with talk of
sunrise and late-returning Vampires, but in actuality they

Locations of Interest 33

should have little difficulty.
a filing cabinet and Edward's desk. Opening the safe
requires a Security + Dexterity roll with a difficulty 8 with
6 successes needed, and contains only about $4,000.

In Edward's office is the safe,

The only thing of interest on the desk is a notepad
containing the scrawled words "Prestor? Pasteur? UNB of
D"

Tucked in the notepad is a picture of Louis Pasteur ripped
outof an encyclopedia. Characters who remember the attack
by Prestor will notice a resemblance.

Any character with the Finance Knowledge will recog-
nize UNB of D as the United National Bank of Denver.

An Investigation + Intelligence roll against a target of 6
may be made while going through the documents in the
filing cabinet, with the number of successes giving the same
information as if Edward's financial state had been re-
searched elsewhere.

Location: Downtown Denver, in a business section, but
only a block or two away from the first residences.

Music to play when characters visit: Blues of some kind,
or some guitar-heavy rock from the late 60s or early 70s.
Yardbirds, perhaps, or early Rod Stewart (Maggie May,
anyone?).

Prestor's House

There really is not much left of Prestor's house as the fire
did quite anumber on it. In fact, there is nothing worth taking
in the ruins, and the only thing worth finding is the trapdoor
down.

For the first two weeks after the fire, the area is still closed
off by the Denver police, although the defense consists
primarily of a strip of yellow tape reading "POLICE LINE
— DO NOT CROSS — CRIME SCENE — DO NOT
CROSS". There is only a 1 in 10 chance that any police will
be there when the Vampires arrive, and they will leave on a
1-5 rolled every half an hour. Likewise, every half an hour,
there isa 1 in 10 chance police will arrive. If there are police
present, they can be avoided by a Stealth + Dexterity roll
against a target of 5.

Vampires with Auspex may wish to attempt to use Psy-
chometry on the house itself to get a feeling for their captor,
and they may even believe him to still be alive and wish to
locate him. If they do, you should roll their
Perception + Empathy, as stated in the rules, against a target
of 7. Anything less than 3 successes will be useless. Three
or more successes will convince them that Prestor is dead,
and that the fire killed him. A botch will cause the character
to believe that Prestor is still alive, and that his death was
faked.

The only other point of interest is the concealed trapdoor,
now open since the police discovered it, and any bodies in it.
The only point about which the characters may be unaware
of is that the door is a concealed one. If they were wondering
about why they were spared, this may set their minds at case
a bit.

United National Bank Of
Denver

The players may discover, through one of several means
(either research on Prestor,or from a break in at the
Broadstreet, or, if they have made peace with Edward, from
him directly), that Prestor had a safety deposit box at the
United National Bank of Denver in the center of downtown
Denver. If they do, they may try to acquire that box. They
should hurry, since the police will discover and claim the box
three weeks after the fire. There are a number of methods to
do so, and you should freely entertain any creative plan the
players devise. A few of the more obvious methods are
presented below.

They might attempt to forge documents representing
themselves as either the executors of Prestor's estate or
police involved in the investigation. To effectively use
them, they would need to make an appointment to go to the
bank after hours, since banks are usually closed well before
dark in Colorado, except perhaps in the dead of winter. Such
an appointment is easily made. To fake the document as

34 Alien Hunger

executor requires a forgery roll against a target of 7, but at
least 4 successes must be gained. The forgers may use either
law or bureaucracy as the appropriate skill, as well as their
Intelligence and Dexterity. To fake police identification is
more difficult and requires a target of 8, but only three
successes are needed.

If they choose the forgery route, then they will be met at
the door to UNB of D by Mr. Pilkerswith, who will greet
them in a space between the street and the interior door. He
will scrutinize their credentials (be sure to give the players
a bad moment over their forgeries as he does so), and then
admit them to the bank if their forgeries are adequate. He will
express condolences over the unfortunate demise ofa valued
customer and remind them that although they may examine
the contents of the box, they may not remove anything. In
fact, he says apologetically, they will need to peruse the box
in his presence. At this point, the characters may attempt to
convince him that they really require no chaperon, via fast
talk, or use Domination, or even seduction. Whatever they
choose, make it a fairly easy job, with target numbers of 4-
6 an only one or two successes needed.

Then Pilkerswith will fetch the box, and either leave them
alone to gaze upon its treasures, or watch eagerly over their
shoulders as they plumb its mysteries.

Afterward, if Pilkerswith did not oversee their investiga-
tion and they removed anything from the box, he will
hesitate a moment before returning it. He will heftitand look
puzzled, and then visibly shrug and carry it back into the
vault. He will then wish the characters a good night, and
escort them to the door.

Alternatively, the players could simply try to break into
the bank and steal the box. The robbery is a fine chance to
introduce suspense, and it should be roleplayed out in detail.

The obstacles to a successful robbery are many, and time
is crucial so as to avoid both the watchman and the sun. The
watchman, as may easily be determined by the characters,
makes a complete pass through the United National Bank
building every half an hour. If they choose to disable him,
then all hope of a secret robbery is gone. If they do not
disable him, then they must move quickly.

The first obstacle is the front door. It is wired for alarm
and may be penetrated with either Security Skill or Repair.
Inany case the attribute to be used is Dexterity, and the target
is 5 for Security and 6 for Repair. A total of five successes
must be acquired and each attempt takes two minutes. Only
a negative number of net successes will cause a botch, and
in this case, set off an alarm.

Once inside, a roll of Perception + Security with a target
of 7 will allow the characters to determine where the various
electric eyes and weight sensors are located. A botch here
indicates that they discover an alarm by activating it. As-
suming that the characters avoid the alarms, they face the
major obstacle — the safe.

If they have a safe cracker amongst them the target
number is 8 and a total of 10 successes may be gained as
above. Each attempt will take three minutes. More violent
methods may be employed at the cost of silence and obscu-
rity. Thatis, any removal of the door will leave the bank with
no question that they have been robbed.

Another method which may be available to the characters
is simply to find a weak-willed employee and convince him
to fetch out the contents of the box. If they choose to go with
this sort of plan, you should find out exactly what they intend
to do. Will they use Dominate on their pawn, or merely
seduce him into going along with their plans? Get as much
detail as possible from the players, and then decide on an
appropriate roll. You might allow the characters to roll
Intelligence + Leadership to see how well their plan wentoff,
witha target from 4-7 depending on how well they roleplayed
the planning and instruction of their catspaw.

Regardless of the method used, if the characters manage
to acquire the box, what they find will be the same. Of little
interest to the characters will be certain legal documents —
the deed to the house and similar items. Of more interest will
be roughly $20,000, all in used $20 bills — Prestor's
personal stash of emergency money —anda copy of Action
Comics #1, in Fine Condition. This extremely rare comic
book could fetch on the order of $30,000 at an open auction.
There are also two small boxes. The first contains uncut
diamonds, worth $125,000. The second is filled with a
number of stoppered test tubes, many of which contain
liquids of various colors and consistencies, including that of
blood, and two which contain white powder. These are all
parts of Prestor's research. A fuller description of the vials
and their role can be found in Chapter Four.

Finally, there are Prestor's notebooks. These 10 volumes
are written in a tidy French hand, and span the last 100 years
— all of Prestor's unlife. They are full of his movements,
notes about his research and the little night-to-night irrita-
tions which plague even the Undead.

If any of the characters speak French, they may read the
diaries at the rate of one every four hours. While this is very
interesting, a quick skim of them will yield much the same
information,

The first entry was written on September 30, 1895: "I
have done it, they all think me dead. And I, Louis Pasteur,
am dead. With the the aid of the serum I made with Georges,
Tlive again after a fashion, that I may seek a cure for all those
similarly afflicted. But Louis Pasteur is dead, for now I shall
use the name Jean Regineau. I am sure it will be the first of
many."

The rest of the diary contains much in the way of obscure
chemical references and a great deal of talk about tracking
the infection, by which he means Vampirism. The reader
will quickly come to understand that Pasteur thinks of
vampirism as simply another type of disease, and therefore
something that can be cured.

Locations of Interest 35

After about five years, the
diaries begin to mention that
Pasteur fears some force is at-
tempting to stop his research.
Shortly thereafter, Pasteur
makes the first reference to He,
areference that shows up regu-
larly in the diaries from there.
Always He is bedeviling
Pasteur, interrupting his re-
search, even on occasion at-
tacking him via agents, but
never allowing Himself to be
seen by the chemist.

There are also continual
comments made about Georges
and the research that they did
together, although there is no
mention of encountering
Georges again in unlife.

The diaries mention a relo-
cation two years ago from his
then base in Boston to Denver
(this jibes with the research
characters may have done on
Prestor).

As the last six months or so
of entries approach, Prestor makes mention of Roger
Liverman, a biochemist in Denver he hired to aid in perform-
ing some analyses for him. Liverman, he notes, has access to
facilities and equipment that he, Prestor, does not.

In the more recent sections, there is a commentary about
how Prestor felt that he needed allies, and how he chose the
characters. He agonized over the decision, but his convic-
tion that it was only temporary soothed him somewhat. He
gives reasons for the selection of the characters (if you are
using the pregenerated characters, there are comments in
their descriptions about why Prestor chose them). It is not
until the last entry that he commits himself to their transfor-
mation.

The last entry in the diary is dated one week before the
fire, and reads, "I am certain He has followed me, again. I
require help and can delay no longer. I hope they will forgive
me, but it is of the highest importance, and I have nochoice."

Edward's House

Edward's house is set off in the foothills just to the west
of Denver. It is a little way off of Highway 93 which
connects Denver and Golden, and is accessible by about two
miles of private drive. It is settled snugly ina little valley,
and may only be seen from the hills that make up the valley.

Itis a three-story affair, built to Edward's specifications.
It has no windows, and is built in an archaic architectural

. style, although not on
locked to a specific perioc
It resembles nothing mor
than an old fortress of som
kind. There is a centre
courtyard, and the secon
story is open on the eas
side to allow the mornin,
‘sun access to the courtyard

The courtyard itself ha
a gallery on the west side
positioned so that the firs
rays of dawn, comin;
through the gap in the sec
ond story strike it full on. 1
is screened from the sun
though, by a series of pape
walls in the Japanese style
These canall bemoved fron
within the house to outsid
the gallery. Thus almos
any degree of sunlight tha
ones wishes can be cause
to play over the back wall
‘The back wall itself is mad
of heavy steel, with stron;
chains sunk firmly into it
‘There are three sets of manacles, spaced so as to allow thre:
prisoners to be spreadeagled before the sun. Althougl
Edward does not torture for pleasure, he is fully cognizan
that when time is short, the threat of slow extermination it
the sun will sometimes convince a Vampire to speak. If th:
players sneak into Edward's house and view the gallery, they
will find Tony's jacket by one of the sets of manacles, andi
few bone fragments inside.

Edward's bedroom is in the basement, naturally enough
It is richly furnished with carpets, nightstands and ward
robes of the highest quality. The clothing inside is of variou:
styles, but of uniformly high quality.

On the ground floor is the music room. Actually a suite
it has a piano, an electric guitar and amp, a fine classica
guitar and three acoustic guitars of various quality. Or
tables, on bookshelves and just lying around amid genera
clutter are reams of music. The music ranges from classica
pieces to the latest in hard rock. Mixed in with the commer:
cially available music are Edward's own compositions, alsc
in various styles, and some of them very old — Edward ha:
been composing for several hundred years. All of his owr
work is good, but not innovative. In a glassed-in booksheli
on one wall are Edward's oldest pieces, and also some rare
original works by the great composers of the past. In this
case, early works by Bach sit side by side with throwaway
bits written by Mozart that have never been "discovered" by
the world at large. There are not many pieces like this —
only four — but even so, it is a musical find of greai
significance.

36 Alien Hunger

The library on the second
floor is large, and is lacking in
recenttitles. Itincludesa great
deal of classical literature.
Edward has a weakness for
Greek and Roman myths and
folklore concerning Vampires.

Therestof the house is given
over to the ghouls who live
here and keep it safe during the
daylight hours. There are bed-
rooms and kitchens and other
sorts of equipment Vampires
find no need for, but those still
human do.

Location: About two miles
west of Highway 93, and five
miles north of Golden.

The 24th |

Diocese

This is a dance club, as op-
posed to the Broadstreet, which
isabar and music club. Itis the
claimed territory of the inde-
pendent Vampire Tony, and as such is rarely, if ever, visited
by the other Vampires of Denver. It features two dance
floors — one a balcony over the other, canned music with a
DJ, and, of course, a bar. On weekdays itis open until 1 a.m,
and on weekends until 4 a.m.

Tony is a regular here, and most of the club workers are
familiar with him, The bartender, Bill, is friendly enough
with him that Tony feels comfortable using him as a dropoff
for messages.

The Diocese is also Tony's chosen hunting ground. He
moves through the crowd of people like a gourmet, sampling
here and there from his favorites. He does not kill at the club,
but slakes his thirst by drinking lightly from numerous
sources.

The Diocese is loud and raucous, and characters so
inclined may find ita pleasant place to doa little prowling of
their own. In fact, on the occasions when Tony meets them
there, he will graciously provide them with "dates," all of
whom expect Tony and his friends to be kinky, and nip their
necks. Tony will caution them to lick the wound to seal it up
though. Tony's favorite is Candi, and after Tony's disap-
pearance she will be able to tell them when he was last at the
club.

Location: A little bitaway from downtown, in the middle
of a strip of clubs.

On the stereo: Gothic Rock.

Liverman's
House

Roger Liverman, the bio-
chemist, is a freelancer and
does a great deal of his work
at his house. He lives alone
in a smallish house located
in Aurora. Should the play-
erstry to break intohishouse,
they should have little
trouble doing so, but what
they find depends dramati-
cally on when they do so.

Ifthey break in during the
day, highly unlikely for
Vampires, all of the perti-
nent information is with
Livermanat the lab. Atnight
he locks the material in his
lab, and goes to bed. Be-
cause of the break-in, he has
gotten a shotgun and will
threaten to use it on the char-
acters if he catches them.
The notes are the only thing
Liverman has of direct interest to the characters, although
scientifically minded characters will be quite impressed
with his reference library.

Liverman has nothing in the way of alarms, and his locks
are of average quality. The house itself is a typical bachelor
mess — pizza boxes on the coffee table, dirty clothes in piles
in the bedroom and so on — except for the office which is
incredibly tidy and well organized.

The information contained in the notes concerns his tests
on the vials given to him by Prestor and is expounded upon
more fully in Chapter Three.

Klondike's Haven

Klondike's small ranch-style house is a tribute to the
powers of paranoia. All the outer doors have at least three
locks attached, the windows are barred and weapons, prima-
tily stakes, are stashed everywhere. The yard is uncared for,
and weeds and broken glass can be found everywhere.
Inside, the house is almost bare of furniture, and Klondike
spends most of his time in the living room on an armchair,
either studying the serums he stole or watching cable.

In the bedroom is an unlocked trunk holding $5,000, a
number of stakes and a shotgun. It is to this room Klondike
will run if combat breaks out. The bedroom also contains a
double bed and a closet, where Klondike stores forest, urban
and desert camos, his flak jacket and suit, and other clothing.

Locations of Interest 37



Characters

These, then, are the actors in this drama, aside from the
players themselves. Some have large roles, some small, and
some as much as you make of them.

Louis Pasteur

a.k.a. Jacob Prestor

The history of Pasteur has been touched upon before, and
little more need be said here. His important traits are listed
here.

Physical: Strength 2 Dexterity 3 Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3 Manipulation 3 Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4 Intelligence 5 Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 4 Self-Control 4 Courage 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 1, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Repair 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 1,
Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine 4, Science 5

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 4,
Potence 2

Backgrounds: Fame 1, Resources 4

Humanity 8 Willpower 8 Blood Pool 10

Apparent Age: Late 50s

The Embrace: 1895

Generation: Twelfth

Clan: Caitiff

Description: Heavy setand bearded, with a wild flame
in his eyes.

Demeanor: Caregiver

Nature: Architect

Roleplaying Tips: Older and wiser than when you
first became a Vampire, you hate what you are having to do
to these innocents but feel you have no choice.

Thaddeus

Thaddeus was the arch-enemy of Prestor until he managed
to destroy Prestor through the agency of Edward. He is an
old Vampire, of the Sixth Generation, created during the

Roman age around the time of Christ, and is a being of
immense, though subtle, power.

He is a survivor of centuries of the Jyhad, and the long
years of war have left their toll. He is now quite insane by
human standards, although less so by those of the Kindred.
His insanity takes the form of an obsession about preserving
his own undead life by whatever means possible.

One facet of his madness is his dread that Roman gods he
sacrificed to as a mortal are tired of waiting for him and are
beginning to seek outhis life. He is terrified of this, and seeks
topacify them however he may. For the last century, this has
taken the form of sacrifices to the gods, each in turn, with
increasing frequency (the gods are getting impatient, orsohe
thinks). The source of these sacrifices is the herds of cattle
near wherever his current lair is.

He is also firmly convinced that by searching out old
places of power and learning their secrets he can make
himself safe from the attentions of those Kindred who are his
elders, and to this end he travels the Earth seeking out such
places,

It was during one such expedition in France that he
leamed of Pasteur and his research. Thaddeus' mania would
allow no other course but the elimination of the threat
Pasteur and his theoretical vaccine presented. He dared not
strike directly, since such activity might draw the attention
of other Methuselahs, the exact beings he feared would
obtain the vaccine. Long years as a pawn of older Cainites
were put to good use, as subtly and through intermediaries,
he worked to destroy Pasteur. He finally succeeded in
Denver.

The tactics Thaddeus used to make Prince Edward his
pawn are common enough in both Vampire and human
circles. He first discovered what Edward's own
preoccupations were (in this case, his hatred of rebellion),
and played on those fears. As a Vampire, of course, he had
certain advantages in this mere humans do not, and used his
Disciplines well in stirring Edward to action.

Although the players are not likely toencounter Thaddeus
since he has moved on after Prestor's death, his statistics are
presented for the sake of completeness and future stories.

Physical: Strength 6 Dexterity 6 Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4 Manipulation 7 Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 7 Intelligence 4 Wits 5
Virtues: Conscience 1 Self-Control 2 Courage 2

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 5

Characters 39

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Melee 4, Stealth 4, Survival 4

Knowledges: Linguistics 4, Occult 3, Politics 3,
History 3

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Celerity 2, Dominate 4,
Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 4, Potence 6, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Resources 3, Retainers 1, Status 1
Humanity 2 Willpower 9 Blood Pool 30
Apparent Age: Early 50s

The Embrace: A.D. 22

Generation: Sixth

Clan: Nosferatu

Description: Thaddeus is a slight man, 5' 5" or so. His
hideously deformed face features an extremely prominent
Roman nose.

Demeanor: Varies with who he is trying to fool.
Nature: Curmudgeon

Roleplaying Tips: Paranoid and crazy, you will do
or say anything to pacify the gods who seek your death.

Edward, the Prince of

Denver, aka Edward Williams

Edward is of moderate age for a Vampire, and of the
Seventh Generation. Created in the late 11th Century, he is
very much a product of his time. In his mortal life, Edward
was a troubador. He accompanied William the Conqueror
across the English Channel, and the carnage that he saw at
the battle of Hastings and at various skirmishes colored his
views on war ever since. He has seen war in its bloody
grandeur, and devoutly hopes to see it as little more as
possible. This leads him to acts which many may view as
cruel, but which he viewsas necessary evils and preventative
measures. One such action is the killing of Prestor.

The killing is, in fact, a good illustration of many of
Edward's characteristics. First, it was anact taken to prevent
what Edward saw as a course of action that could only lead
to war. He knew, or thought he knew, that Prestor meant to
makea bid for control and was creating soldiers for his army.
His aim was to nip the war in the bud.

Itwas also swift, decisive action. For all his hatred of war,
Edward is a firm leader and will not balk from bloodshed
should he believe it warranted. He is clever and ruthless.
Witness the method of assassination — one that leaves no
trace for the mundane authorities to link to anything other
than a particularly brutal murder.

Edward's treatment of the independents shows another
side of his nature, though. He does not treat them cruelly. So

long as they obey the laws of the Kindred and of Edward's
domain, and plot no treason, they are free to do as they will.

Edward was not fully in his mind when he ordered the
execution of Prestor, though. Thaddeus had been working
his wiles on him using techniques of persuasion both mystical
and mundane. Should the characters ever be in a position to
draw Edward's attention to this (that is to say, if they make
peace), then he will begin to realize some force was making
him a pawn, and he will be very angry. If the characters do
accomplish this, they will have gained an ally at least so far
as any vendetta against Thaddeus is concemed.

Edward has, as many older Vampires have, developed an
obsession or two to keep himself sane. One of his obsessions
is, of course, his aversion torebellion. Itisa total commitment
on his part. A second obsession is with music. Throughout
the years Edward has always been involved with music. In
various lives he has composed it, played it and listened to it.
Heis often friends with composers and musicians, and keeps
mementos of them when he or they move on.

In 1808, Edward was in Austria pursuing his musical
interests when he befriended a young Austrian soldier. They
both shared a love of opera and spent much time together.
When a small group of mortals discovered Edward's nature,
Edward felt threatened enough to forego Toreador tradition
and make the soldier his Childe. With the aid of his new
Progeny he managed to eliminate all who had pierced his
disguise. That soldier is with Edward as his Thrall, and now
goes by the name of Duke.

Although the immediate threat to the Masquerade had
been dealt with, the Prince of Vienna felt strongly enough
about the subject to let Edward know that he and his Childe
were no longer welcome. So they moved on. They travelled
Eastern Europe for a while, for Edward wished for Duke to
become acclimated to his new life in familiar surroundings.
Towards the end of the century, however, they found
themselves in London, enjoying the antics of the D'Oyly
Carte Company as they performed the debuts of Gilbert and
Sullivan operettas.

By 1900, it was apparent to Edward that war would soon
engulf Europe. As has been mentioned, Edward had seen
enough of war, and had no urge to see more. In addition, the
politics and power plays of the European Kindred were
becoming wearing. He and Duke travelled to the United
States, still adangerous journey and not one often undertaken
by the Kindred.

They arrived in New York, and barely slowed, continued
west in search of a place where they could live unhindered.
They found Denver. Denver was occupied by Don Alonzo
de Vargas and a few other Kindred. The city was still in
turmoil though, expanding at a great rate and with a huge
transient population. It was not until 1920 that things settled
down and Denver developed a large-enough Kindred
population that the comfortable anarchy which had previously
been dominant seemed inadequate.

40 Alien Hunger

Edward and Don Alonzo were the only Elders present in
Denver, and it was obvious that one would rule. The
presence of Duke tipped the balance of power slightly in
Edward's favor and gave him enough strength to make a
proposal. He proposed that the three form a council, with
Edward as Prince and head of the council, and declare
Denver to be their Domain. Don Alonzo agreed, and the
three have ruled Denver capably since that time.

Still intensely interested in music, Edward's current band
is Seventh Son, a locally popular blues-rock band. All of the
members are Kindred, and all but one are descended from
Edward himself.

Physical: Strength 2 Dexterity 4 Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3 Manipulation 4 Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2 Intelligence 3 Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 2 Self-Control 4 Courage 3
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Leadership 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Music 6, Stealth 1,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Finance 2,
Linguistics 1, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Fortitude 2,
Presence 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 2, Resources 4,
Retainers 3, Status 4

Humanity 5 Willpower 7 Blood Pool 20
Apparent Age: Early 30s

The Embrace: 1075

Generation: Seventh

Clan: Toreador

Description: Edward is fairly short, about 5 foot 6
inches, and carries himself with an air of authority. He has
dark brown hair, almost black, and is well groomed. He
wears leathers and jeans when performing with Seventh
Son, comfortable clothes of immaculate cut when at home,
and whatever seems appropriate when anywhere else.

Demeanor: Director

Nature: Architect

Roleplaying Tips: You try to make everyone see
how strong you are, but this is just a way to cover up your

own concern. You know that if you dropped your guard for
aninstant, all Denver could be plunged into anarchy and war.

Duke

The head of Edward's "enforcement" arm, Duke has been
with Edward the longest of any of the Kindred —almost 200
years now. The Council of Denver is formed of Duke, along

Characters 41

with Edward and Don Alonzo. Duke is very loyal to Edward
and would never even think for a moment of betraying him.
In fact, Edward is his regent. Duke was a soldier while he
lived, and in unlife he is still a soldier, now under Edward's
command. He may query Edward about the reason behind
an order, but will execute it if Edward says so, despite any
personal misgivings.

Inhis mortal life, Duke was an Austrian soldier and would
no doubt have served long and hard against Napoleon had
fate not dictated otherwise. While on leave in 1807 he met
and became friends with a violinist and opera aficionado
who would later be known as Edward Williams. Their
friendship lasted for over a year before Edward was discovered
to be a Vampire by a group of Austrian businessmen. The
businessmen immediately made it their job to destroy Edward
and absorb his fortune. Hunted and alone, Edward gave the
young man the Embrace, creating him as a Vampire and his
Thrall. Quickly the pair destroyed the cabal of businessmen,
restoring Edward's masquerade.

Due tothe circumstances of his creation, Duke hasalways
felt like an outsider among the Toreadors. Although he has
a fine appreciation for art and music, he is talentless himself,
and therefore scorned by many. He has allowed himself to
become absorbed in his work and his devotion to Edward,
dehumanizing himself to inure himself to the taunts of his
clan.

Physical: Strength 5 Dexterity 3 Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2 Manipulation 2 Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 2 Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 0 Self-Control 3 Courage 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 2, Streetwise 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4,
Melee 4, Repair 1, Sculpture 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Investigation 1, Linguistics 1,
Medicine 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Fortitude 2,
Potence 1, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Herd 2, Mentor 3,
Resources 1, Status 1

Humanity 3 Willpower 7 Blood Pool 15
Apparent Age: Mid-20s

The Embrace: 1808

Generation: Eighth

Clan: Toreador

Description: Duke is a huge man, 6 foot 2 inches and
built like a linebacker. He moves with the confidence of a
warrior, although there is little grace to him. His hair is deep
red, and his face craggy and emotionless. The overall effect
is very inhuman, more like Some large and dangerous
machine than a man. He dresses mostly in inconspicuous
clothes of moderate quality.

Demeanor: Traditionalist
Nature: Survivor

Roleplaying Tips: Amold Schwartznegger in The
Terminator reminded you a great deal of yourself. You have
the same cold threat and same dedication to duty.

Jason Dodgerson

Dodgerson is the only member of Seventh Son not one of
Edward's progeny. He is a Malkavian under the unfortunate
delusion he is Jimi Hendrix. Before that, he was certain that
he was Robert Johnson, and so on, going back until his
creation in the late 18th century (when he was convinced that
he was Johann Sebastian Bach).

In mortal life, he wasa mediocre violinist in a second-rate
French orchestra, and was teetering on the brink of suicidal
depression when a Malkavian embraced him and took him
over the edge. He promptly began to pattern himself after
great musicians, switching off every 20 or 30 years.

He came to Denver in 1954, during his Robert Johnson
years, and won favor with Edward because, despite his

42 Alien Hunger

delusion, he has become a fine musician. He has now been
with Edward through several incarnations of Edward's band,
and has played several instruments. He plays bass in
Seventh Son, and thinks this a clever way to keep him from
being recognized as Jimi Hendrix.

If any one challenges his delusion, he will respond with
complicated rationalizations, and if they persist he will
become quite agitated and possibly dangerous.

Physical: Strength 2 Dexterity 5 Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4 Manipulation 2 Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2 Intelligence 2 Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 4 Self-Control 1 Courage 3

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2,
Empathy 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 3, Music 4, Repair 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Linguistics 4, Music History 5
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Herd 2, Mentor 3, Resources 1,
Status 1

Humanity 9 Willpower 5 Blood Pool 13
Apparent Age: Early 20s

The Embrace: 1770

Generation: 10th

Clan: Malkavian

Description: A fairly normal looking Caucasian with
longish brown hair. He appears perfectly sane, except
perhaps for a slight secretive glint in his eyes. He acts like
Jimi Hendrix, though, and those familiar with Hendrix will
detect something naggingly familiar about Jason.

Demeanor: Varies with current delusion
Nature: Deviant

Roleplaying Tips: Avoidconversation with strangers,
but when you do talk to them, hint at who you are. "Yeah,
that reminds me of playing Woodstock."

Karen Mauve

The drummer for Seventh Son, Karen is the most recently
created of Edward's brood. She was made only a few years
ago, in 1985. Edward found her playing drums in a Fort
Collins band (Fort Collins is a small city north of Denver
with no Prince of its own), and persuaded her to come to
Denver to play for Seventh Son. After about a year, he
Embraced her and she became a full member of the band in
both blood and spirit.

Sheisarollicking rock ‘n' roller, andis currently engaged
in the slightly dangerous practice of feeding primarily off

members of rival bands. Edward does not know of this, and
will be fairly irate when and if he finds out.

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3 Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2 Manipulation 2 Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4 Intelligence 2 Wits 2
Virtues: Conscience 1 Self-Control 4 Courage 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 3, Music 3, Repair 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 1,
Music Theory 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Presence 1
Backgrounds: Herd 3, Resources 1, Status 1
Humanity 5 Willpower 8 Blood Pool 15
Apparent Age: Late teens

The Embrace: 1985

Generation: Eighth

Clan: Toreador

Description: Karen would like to be one of the heavy
metal stars one sees — spike heels, leather mini-skirt and the
whole bit — but she isn't built for the anorexic look. So
instead she looks more like a female Billy Idol, which makes

Characters 43

for an odd jarring effect when the band plays an old blues
tune.

Demeanor: Rebel
Nature: Bon Vivant

Roleplaying Tips: You most enjoy playing with
danger. You toy with your foes and take the funnest risks
you can find.

Leslie Boothe

The keyboard and hom section for Seventh Son, Leslie
has been with Edward for almosta full century now. He first
noticed her in New York as he was passing through on his
way west. She was singing in the opera and he was smitten.
He sent her flowers and paid her court for the month that he
and Duke remained in New York. When he left, he promised
to send for her if he could.

The years passed and it was not until the roaring twenties
that things were settled enough in Denver for Edward to
make good his promise. Leslie's career had begun to falter
by then, so when Edward senta telegram inviting hertocome
to Denver to visit or stay, she came. He Embraced her the
night she arrived, and she has never regretted the trip to
Denver or her Embrace.

As time passed she continued her study of music, and
branched out from singing opera into other instruments. In
the late 60s, just as Edward was beginning to form his first
rock band, she and Edward had a falling out and she left
Denver to go to California. Edward was saddened by her
departure, but let her go.

Six years later, in 1972, she returned, bringing with her a
young man. She petitioned Edward for permission to make
the man a Vampire, and so overjoyed was Edward at her
return, that he immediately agreed. After his transformation,
the man changed his name to Leslie, as a token of respect,
and has been known as Leslie Wilkes ever since.

When Edward formed Seventh Son, dissolving the old
band as beginning to be too high profile, Leslie Boothe was
firmly placed as a member.

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 2 Stamina3
Social: Charisma 4 Manipulation 2 Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 5 Self-Control 4 Courage 2

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Leadership 1

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 3, Music 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Occult 2,
Opera Knowledge 4
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 2, Celerity 1,

Presence 3

Backgrounds: Fame 1, Herd 1, Resources 2
Humanity 8 Willpower 8 Blood Pool 15
Apparent Age: Early 40s

The Embrace: 1927

Generation: Eighth

Clan: Toreador

Description: A Wagnerian woman who would have
looked right at home singing Brunnhilde when she was 24.
Now she is older, but retains the mannerisms and stance of
an opera singer. She has blonde hair, down to the middle of
her back, and a look of concern in her eyes.

Demeanor: Conformist
Nature: Martyr

Roleplaying Tips: You are strong and determined,
confident things will go your way. However, you always
have that weak spot for the underdog and are willing to do
things for others even if they hurt you (though you will make
a big deal about letting them know about the pain).

Leslie Wilkes

Leslie Wilkes wanted to be a hippie, but could not quite
muster the rebellious spirit he needed. He hung around in all
the right places in the 60s, but never fit in. . . until he met
Leslie Boothe. She made him fit in, and in return he would
do almostanything for her. They spent several years running
around the Bay Area, she helping him to integrate himself
into the culture he thought he wanted, and he providing her
with the companionship she craved.

When she told him she was leaving, returning toColorado,
he asked to come along, which was what she hoped. They
arrived in Denver where Boothe made peace with Edward
and asked if she could bring Wilkes into the legions of the
Damned. He agreed, and Wilkes, always an outsider, was
now an insider. He changed his name to Leslie as a token of
respect. When Seventh Son was formed with Leslie Boothe
as a member, everyone in the court took it for granted that
Leslie Wilkes would be right by her side.

He and Jason Dodgerson get along quite well, and when
Wilkes is not with Boothe (arare occurrence), he is probably
with Jason. He has a weakness for taking blood from stoned
victims, but only from marijuana users. Most of his herd
consists of drug users who visit other clubs.

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3 Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 1 Manipulation 2 Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2 Intelligence 5 Wits 3

Virtues: Conscience 2 Self-Control 5 Courage 2

44 Alien Hunger


Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 1

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Music 2, Repair 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Law 3, Linguistics 1,
Politics 1, Science 1, Poetry 2, English Literature 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 3, Obfuscate 1
Backgrounds: Herd 2, Mentor 2, Resources 1
Humanity 6 Willpower 7 Blood Pool 14
Apparent Age: Early 20s

The Embrace: 1972

Generation: Ninth

Clan: Toreador

Description: Wilkes looks like henever quite recovered
from the 60s. He has long, stringy brown hair and can
usually be seen wearing bell bottoms and tie-dye. He looks
a little like Edward.

Demeanor: Child
Nature: Conformist

Roleplaying Tips: You like having other people do
things for you, but in fact you are more likely to do what they
want. However, the person you are most faithful to is Booth,
who you will do anything for.

Mina

Mina is one of Edward's ghoul retainers. He named her
Mina (and one of his other ghouls Lucy) because he thought
it amusing in a sad sort of way. Mina is the eldest of the two
ghouls, and is now pushing 100, although she still appears to
be in her mid-20s.

She was originally a society girl in Denver who fell for
Edward when he was new in the city. Edward had no
particular interest in her, but when he saw how her obsession
was developing, he decided that she could be useful.

She is completely devoted to Edward, although her
instability renders her utility somewhat limited. She has not
left Edward's house in 30 years. During the days, she
watches over Edward and tidies his house, lost in the
delusion that they are married and happy together. If anyone
threatens Edward, she will become a wild creature in her
frenzy to protecthim, Edward keeps heron only because this
frenzy is to his benefit.

Physical: Strength 4 Dexterity 1 Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1 Manipulation 1 Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 1 Intelligence 1 Wits 2
Virtues: Conscience 0 Self-Control 0 Courage 5

Talents: Brawl 5

Skills: Housekeeping 3
Disciplines: Potence 1
Willpower 3

Apparent Age: 30. She stopped aging in her 20s, but
the general disorder of her appearance adds to her age.

Description: Once a pretty woman, she is now:a
tangled wreck of a creature, Her hair is matted and dirty,
although Lucy tries to keep her clean at least a little. This
unkemptness does not extend to the house, though. Her
mania has her cleaning and tidying all day, so the house is
spotless.

Demeanor: Deviant
Nature: Deviant

Notes: Whenever Minais called on to make acourage roll
to prevent harm from befalling Edward, she may roll her full
five Courage dice. Similarly, when using Willpower toresist
being controlled to harm Edward or allow him to come to
harm, she has the equivalent of an 8 in that trait.

Roleplaying Tips: You will do anything to protect
your family. They are you and you are they.

Characters 45

Lucy

Lucy is amuch more recent ghoul of Edward's. She first
tasted his blood in 1958 when Edward was hunting and
noticed a prostitute with a remarkable resemblance to Mina.
His curiosity piqued, he trailed her and made her one of his
herd. He soon discovered her to have one of the most highly
developed senses of self-preservation he had ever
encountered. Making her a ghoul began to seem more and
more attractive, especially since Mina was becoming more
and more erratic.

He did so, and has not regretted the decision. Lucy is the
de facto ruler of the house when Edward sleeps. She keeps
Mina, who believes Lucy to be her daughter, in line by subtle
manipulation rather than overt orders, and runs those aspects
ofthe household Minais too deranged to deal witheffectively.

Lucy is content enough as a ghoul, although she is very
aware of the precarious nature of her existence, and is
continually trying to bargain her way into receiving the full
Embrace. Edward is weakening, but finds her too valuable
as a ghoul to do so yet.

Physical: Strength 2 Dexterity 2 Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2 Manipulation 5 Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2 Intelligence 3 Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 1 Self-Control 5 Courage

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Occult 2
Disciplines: Potence 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Resources 1
Willpower 8

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Description: Lucy looks enough like Mina to be her
sister (or daughter), although she is much better groomed.
She has black hair which cascades around her shoulders, and
a sharp expression on her face, indicating how much she is
always looking out for herself.

Demeanor: Caregiver

Nature: Survivor

Roleplaying Tips: The household seems to be your
life, but you would readily sacrifice it if you had to. For you,
life comes first.

Roger Manot

Roger Manot is the last of Edward's ghouls. He is a very
old ghoul and claims to have been alive for 150 years. He
arrived in Denver in 1980, on the run from the Sabbat who
had slain his old master. He was desperate, running out of
time and needing to find a new source of Vampire blood soon
or die in agony. He was found by Edward before any of the
other Vampires in Denver became aware of his existence.

Edward quickly determined that Roger could be of use to
him, and provided him with blood to prolong his life. Roger
now serves as Edward's ace-in-the-hole. He watches over
Edward's house most days from a distance, and takes care of
business for Edward that no one else can. Since Lucy and
Mina are well known, Edward uses Roger for spy mission
against Kindred in his city, especially when absolute secrecy
is called for.

Roger is very happy asa ghoul, but sometimes thinks that
it would be nice to be a full Vampire. His innate distrust of
such a leap always gets the better of him, however.

Though Edward told Roger to avoid Mina for fear of
disturbing her, the crazed ghoul became aware of Roger
when he was forced to reveal himself to deal with several

46 Alien Hunger

burglars who struck at the house while Lucy was away. Mina
now refers to him as her son. Everyone thinks that this is just
another symptom of her madness, but Lucy is beginning to
think that there may be more to it.

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3 Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 1 Manipulztion 2 Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 3 Wits 4
Virtues: Conscience 2 Self-Control 3 Courage 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Melee 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 2
Disciplines: Celerity 1, Fortitude 1, Potence 2
Backgrounds: Resources 2

Willpower 9

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Description: Roger is a small, dark-haired man who
moves with sharp precise motions.

Demeanor: Conformist
Nature: Plotter

Rachel

Rachel is one of the independents of Denver. She is a
Gangrel who actually roamsall of Colorado, but uses Denver
as a more or less permanent base of operations.

She is an Elder in her own right, being of the Eighth
Generation, and has lived and hunted in the cities along the
Eastern slope of the Rocky Mountains for almost 200 years.

She is originally Russian, but fled Russia in 1802 and
came to America. The wanderlust was strong in her, and she
traveled on the fringes of the "civilized" United States.
Indians displaced from Colorado have a few legends about
the red-haired demoness brought by the white man to the
Great Plains, which have Rachel as their basis in fact.

She isa wild creature, one who revels in her animal nature,
and Edward is not sure he likes having her in the city. So far,
though, she has not done anything out of control in the city,
although disturbing rumours sometimes trickle back after
her outings.

She isa good choice of a Vampire to bedevil the characters
with during the harassment, as she has a method of escape
(both literal and figurative) which is most likely unavailable
to the characters.

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3 Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4 Manipulation 3 Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4 Intelligence 2 Wits 4

Characters 47

Virtues: Conscience 3 Self-Control 1 Courage 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3,:Brawl 5,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Medicine 1

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Fortitude 2, Protean 4
Backgrounds: Status

Humanity 7 Willpower 6 Blood Pool 15
Apparent Age: Late 20s

The Embrace: 1760

Generation: Eighth

Clan: Gangrel

Description: A strikingly beautiful woman, Rachel
has red hair which falls to her waist. She is tall, just over six
feet, and hasa feral charm that makes her seem untamed. She
is, in fact, untamed, and is also a merciless huntress.

Demeanor: Survivor
Nature: Loner

Roleplaying Tips: You are one of the toughest
Kindred in Denver, and you know it. Still, if you came up
against something to tough to deal with, you know that flight
is always an option.

Earl and The Count

These two Vampires, along with Duke, make up the
"enforcement arm" of Edward's court. They happily serve
the Prince, enjoying the finer things in vampiric life in
exchange for their obedience.

Earl

Physical: Strength 5 Dexterity 3 Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3 Manipulation 1 Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2 Intelligence 2 Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 3 Self-Control 1 Courage 3
Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidate 2
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 1
Knowledges: Police Procedure

Disciplines: Fortitude 2, Potence 2
Backgrounds: Herd 2, Resources 2
Humanity 6 Willpower 7 Blood Pool 12
Apparent Age: 32

The Embrace: 1952

Generation: 11th

Clan: Ventrue

48 Alien Hunger


Description: A large heavy-set man who looks like a
bouncer.

Demeanor: Bravo
Nature: Bravo

The Count
Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 5 Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1 Manipulation 3 Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 2 Wits 1
Virtues: Conscience 1 Self-Control 3 Courage 3
Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidate 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Firearms 1, Melee 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Linguistics 1
Disciplines: Potence 2, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Status 1
Humanity 5 Willpower 8 Blood Pool 11
Apparent Age: 28
The Embrace: 1963
Generation: 12th

Talents:

Clan: Brujah

Description: The Count is whip-thin and moves very
quickly, with the grace of a dancer.

Demeanor: Deviant
Nature: Gallant

Detective William Brandt

Brandtis the detective in charge of the police investigations
that will touch the characters' unlives. He is a good detective,
very good, and he knows something strange is going on.

Police work is Brandt's life. If he becomes convinced one
of the players has committed a crime, he will hound them
until his death or theirs, or until it becomes inarguable that
they are dead (see the section on Faking Their Own Deaths).

Brandtis married. His wife is Linda, and they have a four-
year-old boy named Jimmy. If the characters are truly being
hassled by Brandt, and are truly vile swine, they might try to
getto Brandt through his family. If they choose todo so, they
will almost surely lose Humanity if they fail a Conscience
roll against a target of 8. Unfortunately for the character
involved in so heinous an act, Brandt will not be swayed, but
will pretend to be until he can get his loved ones out of
danger.

When playing Brandt, be quirky anda little prescient. Use
the knowledge that you as Storyteller possess to guide
Brandt in his investigation. Be sure, though, that whatever
Brandt knows, he could have some way of knowing. Thatis
to say, remember that Brandt has the resources of the Police
Department behind him, so be cruel but fair.

Description: A rumpled-looking man, untidy and
easily misjudged. Think Columboand you will not be too far
wrong. Heis given to making seemingly irrelevant statements,
but they tend to have relevance. For example, in an
interrogation, he may suddenly ask if the character likes
animals. In this case, he might know that the killer stopped
to play with a dog for a few minutes, or something like that.
He also will almost always offer information about his own
life in return, so the above conversation might go:

"Do you like animals, Mr. Wilkershire?"

"Yes Detective, I'm particularly fond of horses."

"That's very interesting, I'm allergic to dogs myself."
And so on.

Physical: Strength 2 Dexterity 2 Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2 Manipulation 4 Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 4 Wits 4

Virtues: Conscience 4 Self-Control 4 Courage 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Characters 9


\\

i tt

"4 H §
iH
H
a en By Ye
: Bd Peet H
pote e
eof? S03 tt
it $]
Ene Ei
eth arte i
A } SUE
i nee
SH RY fl
Ty stits ih

x

se
\

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Security 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Investigation 4,
Law 3, Medicine 1

Willpower 9

Born: 1956, Greeley, Colorado
Occupation: Police Detective
Demeanor: Jester

Nature: Cavalier

Tony

Known by no other name to all those around him, Tony
is a loner in the city of Denver. An Italian of the 13th
Century, Tony isa Ninth Generation Vampire, and is getting
bored.

He has travelled the world around, rarely staying in one
place for more than five or six years. He has been in Denver
now for three years and is beginning to get the itch to move
or find something interesting to do.

He has adapted less well than some to immortality, and
now seeks only to find ways to amuse himself. It is to this
end that he flirts with danger in the 24th Diocese by feeding
off his favorites in public. It also due to this dangerous
boredom that he is meddling in the characters' affairs, It is
mere curiosity which impels him to investigate them, and
then perversity and boredom which causes him to try to use
them against Edward.

He isan arrogant type, given to grand mysterious gestures,
suchas his appearance to the characters. Theatricality is one
of his ways of combatting boredom. As may be obvious,
Tony's derangement deals with this rash love of danger. It
is not quite a death wish, although it is very similar.

Physical: Strength 2 Dexterity 4 Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3 Manipulation 2 Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5 Intelligence 3 Wits 2
Virtues: Conscience 2 Self-Control 2 Courage 3

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Firearms 1, Melee 1, Security 3, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Politics 2
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 2
Backgrounds: Herd 4, Resources 2
Humanity 6 Willpower 8 Blood Pool 14
Apparent Age: Late 20s

The Embrace: 1228

Generation: 9th

Alien Hunger

Clan: Malkavian

Description: A dark Mediterranean type, 5 foot 8
inches tall. Tony has the good looks ofa Valentino or Latin
lover.

Demeanor: Loner
Nature: Rebel

Mavis and Suzy Jackson

The innocents, Mavis and her daughter Suzy, have as
small or as large a part as you wish to give them. Their
admittedly slight role can be expanded on quite easily to
provide scope for roleplaying.

Mavis is a librarian at the rare books room of the Denver
Public Library, which is Prestor's main interestin her. When
he decided to take her, though, he could not bear to leave her
daughter alone in the world, so he took Suzy as well. Prestor
became aware of them through their connection with Emerson
after the banker negotiated a loan for the Denver Public
Library to acquire some rare books with Mavis was the
contact. Mavis is divorced, and her ex-husband lives in
Seattle, far away from the current drama.

Mavis and Suzy provide an excellent focus for the
confusion which should be running wild amongst the
Vampires at the start of the game. If they kill either of them,
torture them mercilessly about their callous inhumanity. On
the other hand, if they don't kill them, use them as a
counterpoint to throw the Vampire's inhumanity into relief.
Given the characters' unbalanced state when they awake in
the basement, they might even develop an obsession or
fixation on the pair.

Description: Mavis is mildly pretty black woman with
anair of scholarliness. Suzy isan absolutely darling little girl
of eight years. No statistics are given for Mavis or Suzy as
they should not play a large active role. They are here to
provide counter examples.

Vincent Belhurst

A police officer in the city of Denver, Vince was chosen
to be muscle for the newly formed Vampires. Unfortunately
for that plan, he snapped back to mortality when Prestor
died, a result of the particular serum he was injected with.

Vince works in the vice squad, and is married to Monica
Belhurst, one of the Assistant District Atomeys. He is a
rough, dependable man devoted to upholding the law.

If you are using the pregenerated characters to play the
story, Vince will be a constant thom in Monica's side. He
will be dragging her back towards her mortal life with every
word he says and every move he makes. He will be worried
about her, always asking if she is sick, and trying to help her
over the terror of the night in the basement.

He will be hard to throw off the track. The police may be
convinced that the characters are innocent of wrongdoing,
but Vince will be a danger until Monica rids herself of him
somehow. This isa situation ripe with roleplaying potential.
If Monica tries to just convince Vince to leave, play out his
confusion and heartbreak as he is still very much in love with
Monica. Even if she takes acoward's way out, and disappears
or fakes her death, continually remind the player of Vince,
and of how much Monica misses him.

If the characters decide to tell Vince what is going on he
will be torn, He cannot sanction preying on human beings,
but neither can he give up on Monica. If they choose this
course, have Vince help as much as he can as long as the
characters convince him they are feeding only off of cattle
and the like, Ifhe feels betrayed, have him hound them tothe
ends of the Earth.

Onthe other hand, if the players make their owncharacters,
Vince's role is probably much smaller, unless you can tie
him into the characters somehow. You can make him the
husband of one of the characters, or call him Veronica and
marry him to one of the male characters. Having at leastone
of the characters married, though, gives that much more
room forrole-playing. Vince's actionsas outlined abovecan
serve as a model for any spouse.

Characters SI


Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3 Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3 Manipulation 3 Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 3 Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 4 Self-Control 5 Courage 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 2, Theatre Tech 3
Willpower 7

Description: Vince is a well-built man, around 5 foot
10 inches in height, with unruly sandy-brown hair.

Born: 1958 in Santa Clara, California
Demeanor: Caregiver
Nature: Cavalier

Notes: His allies are other members of the Denver police
force.

Bothwell

Bothwell is a small timer in Edward's court. He would
like to move up, but is too much of a coward. He has been
a Vampire for 20 years or so, but spent most of that time
hiding from the Elders and terrorizing the youngsters. In

fact, he is so much of a coward that, should he get intoa fight
with the characters, he will surrender if he ever becomes
Injured. He will try to bargain with his knowledge.

He is a reasonably good fighter, but has an attitude out of
proportion to his skill. He is only important in that, if the
players need a prisoner, he should be it.

Physical: Strength 4 Dexterity 3 Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2 Manipulation 2 Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 1 Intelligence 1 Wits 3
Virtues: Conscience 3 Self-Control 2 Courage 1

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Streetwise 2

Skills: Melee 2, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Occult 1, Politics 1
Disciplines: Fortitude 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Resources 1
Humanity 4 Willpower 4 Blood Pool 10
Apparent Age: late teens

The Embrace: 1972

Generation: Twelfth

Clan: Gangrel

Description: Short and stocky, with close-cropped
blond hair.

Demeanor: Bravo
Nature: Child

Roger Liverman

Liverman is the biochemist hired by Prestor to aid him
with his research. He is an independent researcher, currently
renting lab space from the University of Colorado Medical
School located in Denver.

Heis quite good athis job, and possesses an analytical and
inquiring mind. Should the players leave too many strange
clues, he will quite possibly try to track them down out of
curiosity. His appetite has already been whetted by his
complete inability to accurately identify the substance in
Vampire blood which gives it its unique properties, and any
further prodding will get his scientific curiosity going full
bore.

Unmarried, Liverman spends many of his evenings hitting
the Denver club scene looking for female companionship.

Physical: Strength 1 Dexterity 3 Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3 Manipulation 1 Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4 Intelligence 4 Wits 2

52 Alien Hunger


Virtues: Conscience 4 Self-Control 4 Courage 2

Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 3, Leadership 1

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Music 1, Repair 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 3,

Medicine 3, Science 4

Willpower 6

Description: A paunchy, middle-aged man with
glasses. He is balding a little bit as well, but the hair he does

have its blond. Not anyone's idea of a Romeo, instead he is
the perfect picture of a moderately successful businessman.

Born: 1946 in New York City, New York

Demeanor: Director (At work), Bon Vivant (at the
clubs)

Nature: Plotter

Robert Klondike

This old ghoul has been a part of the Jyhads of the Elders
for almost three centuries. A peasant poacher in England, he
was originally made into aghoul by an English Vampire who
needed cannon fodder in a war with the Sabbat, Klondike
soon found himself travelling here and there against his will

and under the Domination of one Cainite or another. He
greatly enjoyed the powers drinking Kindred blood would
give him, but hated the associated loss of freedom.

The more he found himself used as a pawn, the surer he
became that he would regain his free will if only he could
become a Vampire. When his last master was killed by
Archons, Klondike found the Blood Bond he had been
forced into had been broken, and he fled to America, hoping
to find a New World Vampire willing to Embrace him. To
this end he joined up with the ancient Thaddeus earlier in the
year, hoping one unwilling pawn could help another. He
soon discovered Thaddeus had no intention of making him
anything more than yet another pawn, and fled the ancient
Vampire before Thaddeus left Denver, and before drinking
Thaddeus' potent Vitz three times.

One important secret he did take from Thaddeus was of
the existence of Pasteur's serums. Hoping to turn himself
into a Vampire scientifically, he broke into the house before
the Prince's troops could, and stole the doomed chemist's
notes. After discovering Liverman's role through the notes,
he broke into the biochemist's house and stole the serums.

Now he sits, struck with indecision over what to do next.
He has no idea if the serum works or will kill him, He does
not know of the characters' existence, and if they do not
confront him, he will inject a mixture from a number of the
vials . . . and die.

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3 Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 1 Manipulation 2 Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 3 Wits 2
Virtues: Conscience 0 Self-Control 1 Courage 1

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Streetwise 1,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Security 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Occult 2
Disciplines: Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Potence 3
Willpower 7

Apparent Age: 50,and getting older looking each day
he goes without Vampire's blood.

Description: Approximately 5 foot9 inches, Klondike
has dirty-blond hair rapidly going grey. He also has a beard
and mustache, also graying. He normally dresses in old
Tugby shirts and slacks, but will weara flak suit if he expects
danger. If going out, he wears a bulletproof vest under a
jacket.

Demeanor: Fanatic

Nature: Fanatic

Characters od


Roleplaying Tips: You want to live, but not at the
cost of your freedom. Whatever you gain do to regain
control of your own life, you will do.

WHERE TO Go FROM
HERE

There are a great many possible ends to this story, and
each leaves you, the Storyteller, in a position to head the
Chronicle off onto a different path. Some of the more
obvious endings and their associated paths will be discussed
here.

The first possibility is that the characters will have "taken
the cure" and attempted to reclaim their lost Humanity by
means of Prestor's serums. If that is the case then several
options present themselves.

The first is, of course, stop the Chronicle completely at
this point. After all, it is a good ending: the characters
gathered around, each contemplating his or herown mortality,
and then taking a leap of faith and injecting the serum. In
fact, closing the Chronicle at that point, without ever
determining the effect of the serum, has a certain dramatic
flair, and might be considered, especially if you are using
this story as a means to become familiar with the game.
Closing the Chronicle there allows you to test your own
wings in your own, new Chronicle.

An option at this point is to allow the players to make new
characters and use the background provided here to run a
Denver-based Chronicle. Another option, if the players are
dead or mortal, but you wish to continue the plotline is to
have them all be created by the pregenerated characters as
agents to carry out further action against Thaddeus. Or, give
the characters other characters to play, and let them take over
the persona of Edward, or the Duke, or one of the others.

If the desire is to continue the Chronicle, then there are
several options there as well. Attempting to track down
Thaddeus, and seek from him an explanation, or take from
him reparations or vengeance, could be the focus of an entire
Chronicle. As touched on in the description of Thaddeus in
the Characters section, Thaddeus is obsessed with places of
power, and a chronicle taking the characters across the
nation and around the world could easily be put together
around this theme. They could even go out as Edward's
representatives to take his revenge on the Vampire who used
him, This could then be turned into a political sort of

campaign with the players testifying before the Camarilla
about the actions taken.

Alternatively, you could stay in Denver, and continue to
explore the newly made Vampires' initiation into the world
of the night.

If you feel particularly daring, you could continue the
Chronicle after the characters have regained their humanity.
They would be mortals with a special knowledge of the
Undead, and could hunt the Damned (especially Thaddeus),
or they could involve themselves in the world of the Kindred
in other ways, all the time bringing a unique perspective to
all they do.

There mightalso be a number of loose ends left, depending
on the players bloodthirstiness, which can spawn stories or
even Chronicles of their own, some of which are mentioned
below.

The Serum

For the purposes of this Story, the serum which enabled
the characters to regain their mortality is designed to only
affect those Kindred who were transformed through injection
and not the Embrace. However, an especially interesting
Chronicle could be centered around the characters' possession
of a serum which can make any Vampire human again.

While many Kindred would welcome suchan opportunity,
more would fear it as does Thaddeus. The characters would
quickly find themselves the targets of a massive Blood Hunt,
and would be constantly on the run, never knowing who they
should trust and who they should battle.

If the players left Liverman with clues as to their nature,
he could quite easily become fixated on them and the
mysterious substance he calls "alpha." His investigation of
the characters could be a recurring element in future stories.
He could even team up with other Witch Hunters and the
chronicle could turn into an extended cat-and-mouse game.

The Future of Denver

Alien Hunger was designed to not only jumpstart you
intoa Chronicle, but also to give you a jumpstart city as well.
Many of the important figures, places and allegiances have
been described here, and there is no reason you could not
Start an entirely new Chronicle in this city whether you use
the Story or not.

Inany case, the possibilities are endless, and the few given
here merely scratch the surface.

54 Alien Hunger


Monica Belhurst

Nothing could have stopped Monica Belhurst's Emerson played her father) after the final show and
rise tothe top. From the time she wasa little girl she praised them for their talents on and off stage.
had her eyes set on a career which would let her Monica's position is an interesting one. After
change the world. Thus a lack of money could the Embrace, she could quite possibly continue
not keep her out of college, and she married a onas Assistant District Attorney with the Den-
police officer so she could have the money to ver night court. If she manages to avoid
go to law school. Now she is one of the becoming embroiled in any criminal investi-
youngest prosecutors in the District Attor- gation, and can come to terms with her rela-
neys office, and some have already started tionship to Vince, she might be able to
talking about her possibilities in the political maintain that position throughout the whole
arena. story, and even beyond. The main crisis

Among those talking about her fu- Monica will face is one of conscience.
ture was Emerson Wilkershire III, Dedicated to the ideals of justice,
an acquaintance of Monica's will she become a predator out-
through their mutual involve- side of the law?
ment in community theatre. Vince and Monica are child-
They had both picked up an less, and Monica has no rela-
interest in the stage while in tives living in the area. Be-
college, and carried their inter- tween her job and her
est into the outside world. husband's, almost all of her
Emerson, already impressed associates are involved in law
by Monica's drive and ability enforcement or the judicial
would, in the normal course process. The exception is the
of things, been one of her community theatre group that
primary financial backers she and Emerson patronize (and
should she ever run for politi- for whom Vince does technical
cal office. theatre work). Her other activities

Her primary relationship is with include reading and theatre-going.
her husband, Vince, who has been Your Role: Along with Emerson,
deeply devoted to her through their Monica can provide stability for the

group. She is organized and self-
possessed. Confident of herself, she is
not likely to be bullied. Used to taking
charge, she is a likely candidate to
become the group's leader.

Image: Monica isan attractive dark-
haired woman, always moving with a
purposeful stride, whose sharp eyes

eight years of marriage. They
both share an interest in theatre
(he as a stage technician) ané
spend most of their free time
together. Monica has also be-
come very close to her boss (the
DA) in recent weeks, spending
most nights together until mid-

night working on an important flash around before her wherever she
case, goes.

She first met the Vampire | Notes: Her two allies are her hus-
who Embraced her following > band Vincent Belhurst and her boss,
acommunity theatre produc- District Attorney Park Morgan. She
tion of Romeo and Juliet. He has contacts both in the theatre group
approached her and Emerson she is involved with and in the mayor's
(she had played Juliet and office.

Player Characters 35:

VAMPIRE:

Name:Mponica Belwrst Nature: Director

Generation: \3

Player: Demeanor: Tdge Haven:
Chronicle: \\ien \onger Clan: Nenwtrue Concept:
Se eee —— Attributes eee
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @0000 Charisma, Perception,
Dexterity. Manipulation¥ersaee Intelligence.
Stamina, @@@00 = =Appearance. ©0000 3 Wits
ope —Abilities 2
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting @@000 Animal Ken. 00000 Bureaucracy. @@000
Alertness. Drive. 0000 Computer. @0000
Athletics. Etiquette, 0000 _ Finance. 00000
Brawl. Firearms. @e@000 Investi galion______@@@®0O0
Dodge. Melee, 00000 lay. Pema e000
Empathy. Music. 00000 __ Linguistics. 00000
Intimidation, Repair, 00000 Medicine, 00000
Leadership. Security. e@0000~— Cccult, 00000
Streetwise. Stealth, e0000 __—sCPPodliticss. @0000
Subterfuge. Survival 00000 = Xience. 00000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
x @0000 eee00 = Conscience, e00e0
00000 i @@000
ooo0o §=6A\\\e> ss #0000 SelfControl___ eeeo0
00000 00000.
SDnENE "GOO00 » ae EEE ER OOO COs COumpe, @0000
*t=Other Traits 9 -Fe=—TIumanitye=sF  -#==—— Tlealth =F
00000 Bruised o
@eeeeee20@00
00000 Hurt 10
ocgo° Injured 2 0
00000 ‘
S600 === Willpower ===? Wounded 3 O
Mauled 4 O
-t--—Combat—==# ©0©00000000 Crippled 5 O
Weapon Difficulty] Damage ODOoOoOoOoOoo0o00 Incapacitated 0
+#-== Experience

+#:-—Blood Pool==
@ee@eeoo0o0o0d

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

56

Alien Hunger

Theresa Harper

mostly fellow teachers. The rest fall into the
categories of business associates and bar-
hoppers. She spends her spare time reading
and preparing lessons. She also does a little
research on her own, and has had a few
articles published in scientific journals. She
would have more hobbies if she had time,
but between the company and her teach-

, ing she is kept busy.
Your Role: Terri is sort of the
back-stop person, able to fill in

Ever since junior high, Theresa (Terri to
her friends) has never had problems getting
people to like her. Whether she is dealing
with the high school students she teaches
chemistry, the corporate types she deals
with as part of her work for her computer
consulting firm, or anyone else, she is
more than able to make them her friends.

Forinstance, as one of the founders,
with Flash and an engineer named
Brian Jurgen, ofasmallcomputer

consulting firm, she not only where ever she is needed in the
deals with theclients butkeeps group. In fact, she serves much
the company from blowing up. the same purpose in the group

that she served in the company
— mediator and moderator.
Her response to problems is
usually to make a joke out of
it, then seek a compromise
once the situation is defused.
She has often been a leader,
though a behind-the-scenes
type, and may quickly have the
group going the way she wants it
to. Like Flash, she will quickly
come to see the advantages of
unlife, and can easily adapt.
Image: A slim attractive
brunette, Terri is almostalways
smiling. She and Flash share a

Jurgen tends to be socially inept,
so Terri serves as the go between
forhim and Flash, Terri also goes
out of her way to make outsiders
comfortable, remembering her own
days as a skinny, gawky teenager in
an unfamiliar junior high school.
She first niet the Vampire who
would tum her into one of the Kindred
when leaving Emerson's bank. She
and Flash had just applied fora loan,
which an odd, bearded man who met
them in the bank's parking lot as-
sured them they would get. How-
ever, the loan will probably do her
and Flash little good, since Terri

will almost certainly lose her job as certain devil may care outlook,
a teacher after her Embrace, and and often spend time together
the company will probably fold outside of work.

fairly quickly after that.

Terri, like Flash, has many ac-
quaintances and few friends. The
few friends she does have are

Notes: Terri is fluent in
French, and her contacts are
members of the high-tech
business world and represen-
tatives on Denver's school

Player Characters 57

VAMPIRE:

Name: 1 veyesa Varper Nature: Jester Generation: \3
Player: Demeanor: Bow Vivant Haven:

Chronicle: Mew unger Clan: Ganare\ Concept:
ee ACGrib ut ¢s === ———— eo Ge
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000 = Charisma. @@000 Perception. @e@000
Dexterity. Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence. Sciewoes fe)
Staniinal ooo 3 Appearance. @@00 Wits. fore)

te ilities So cd

Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting @0000 = Animal Ken, Bureaucracy. @0000
Alertness. @0000_ ~=s— Drive. Computer. @@000
Athletics. 00000 Etiquette. Finance. 00000
Brawl. @0000 Firearms. Investigation, @@000
Dodge. 00000 Melee. Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000. =©Music______ 9700700 Linguistics____ @0000
Intimidation. 00000 _ Repair. @@000 Medicine. e@e00
Leadership______eoooo Security_______oo000  Occult______.eo000
Streetwise___ 900000 ~— Stealth___~——— e0000 _~—Ss Pollitics___tt___§_ooo000
Subterfuge @o000.)0=0 Survival 0000 ~— Silence. ‘ eo
Fe Advantag es
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
1 @0000 e@oo Conscience___ eeeee
4 @0000 @e000 P
00000 _—S—~—~—t 0S -Contvol______ee000
ooopo §=2 eT 6(eo000 i
00000 oo000 Courage____eeeeo
#=Other Traits 9 -#=—IIumanity==~ Health ==
00000 Bruised o
@e2e2e0e0000800
00000 Hurt 10
by eae Injured 2 0
OOOUO == Willpower === Wounded 3 O
Mauled 4 O
+t--—Combat—=~t © @@@@@@000 Crippled 5 O
Weapon Diffculty| Damage oooo0000000 Incapacitated O
+t#=-==[ixperience =<

+t-==Blood Pool=<
Oo000000000

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

58 Alien Hunger

Arnold "Flash" Simpson

"Flash" was the stereotypical college football
star, almost. He did not have the soft life many
people associate with prominent athletes, and
spent much of his youth on the streets,
fighting, stealing and running from the
police. His mother died when he was
five, and his father, a warehouse worker,
had almost no time for the boy. Thus he
spent most of his time outside. It was
during this time that he picked up the
nickname "Flash," and it was more for
his ability to evade the police than it
was for evading opposing line-
men.

An indifferent student at
best, Flash might have
dropped out of high
school had it not been
for a girlfriend's insis-

dismissed the stranger as some nut, but the loan
did come through.
Flash has acquaintances, but few friends
—Terri being foremost among these. Many
of his associates are people that he has
picked up in the various clubs, including a
string of ex- lovers, or other club-hoppers
that he continues to hang out with and
meet. Most of therest are business people
through the company. Flash really
has no hobbies other than cruising
chicks and bar-hopping.
Your Role:Flash is
dumb by any standards,
a fact of which he is
well aware, but he
does possess a cer-
tain animal cun-
ning. He is also

tence he try out for the fairly amoral, and
football team. While isthe second most
they broke up shortly likely choice (af-
thereafter, Flash found ter Marcus) of a
anew love—thecrowds person to commit
who would cheer him amurderearly on.
on as he ran over the Flash is the party
opposition. He stayed animal of the
in high school and was group, and the most
offered a scholarship to self-interested. Still,
Colorado University, where he is used to having to

he gained a great deal of local
fame as a linebacker, and the
focus of the team's defense. He
managed to squeeze through CU
Boulder with a degree in history,
buta late season injury in his final
year left him with no offers from
any of the pro teams.

He drifted into sales, and be-
came one-third of a small com-
puter company formed by Theresa
Harper. He was the sales represen-
tative. His job was to wine and dine
the buyers, and put off all technical
question. He was remarkably good
at it. His youth on the streets of
Denver had given him the ability to
blend in almost anywhere, as well as
a kind of innate knowledge about Not so attractive, but he is
what people wanted. / able to offset that to some

He knows Emerson slightly, since he and Terri received _ extent by the skill with which he wears clothes and blends in.
the business loan from Emerson's bank. This is how he first Notes: Flash's contacts are gang leaders, fences and drug
noticed the Vampire whoEmbracedhim. Abeardedstranger dealers from his days on the streets. His fame rests on his
once approached them as they were leaving the bank, and —_ days asa football star, but few people other than devoted CU
told them they were sure to getthe loanthey wanted. Thetwo _—_ Buffalo fans are likely to recognize him.

Player Characters 59

work with a group, and
can take steps to insure
their survival as the best
method of insuring his
own. He may come to grips
with his Vampirism faster
than any of the others, as
most of the philosophical
implications will go right
over his head. He will prob-
ably be the first to settle in to
a regular diet of mortal hu-
mans. His response to most
problems is to ignore them,
or beat them up.
Image: Think of Flash
Gordon in the movie. He is
coarser featured, though —

fine XN

VAMPIRE:

Name: Acno\ Simpson Nature: SUCNNoT Generation: \3
Player: " Demeanor:; Bow Nivawt Haven:
Chronicle: A\View \uvagr Clan: Brugeh Concept:
f=-— Attributes ——————+ + $
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @00 = Charisma, @0e000 = Perception. @@000
Dexterity. 00 = Manipulation, 000 Intelligence.

Stamina Gury eeee fe) Appearance. @e0e0e00 3s Wits

$s2————————$—Wilities +++ ¥-

Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting. F-00000 Animal Ken___00000 Bureaucracy____ @®®000
Alertness, 00000 Drive. @@000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. eeee0 Etiquette, 00000 Finance_____—— 9007000
Brawl @0e000 = Firearms. @@000 Investigation 00000
Dodge. @o0000 Melee____§____eoo00 Ilaw___________00000
Empathy_______o00000 Music________o00000 _Linguistics_______oo0000
Intimidation, 00000 Repair. @0000 Medicine. 00000
Leadership______ooo000___ Security_____§__oo0000 Oxcult___tm__§___eoooo
Streetwise. ee20e00 = = Stealth @@000 Politics. 00000
Subterfuge______eeovo Survival___o00000  ‘Science________oo0000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues

@0000 @0000 ~=Conscience___ee000

¥ @@000 @0000

Ce @0000 e0000 = SelControl____eee00

00000 00000
00000 00000 Courage.
*t=Other Traits 9 -#—TIumanity—==* +t Ilealth
Wistpry @@000 Bruised o
c0000 8 OO @OBE000 mee 4a
Opens Inured 2 0
ya === Willpower =~? Wounded 8 O
Mauled 4 O
+t-—-Combat——=# 90000008000 Crippled 5 O
Weapon DifMculty] Damage OoOoo0o0o0o00o00 Incapacitated 0
+#->= Experience =~

+#-==Blood Pool==
o000000000

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

60 Alien Hunger

Marcus Smith-Kearns

Marcus is the founder, president and sole
employee of S-K Imports, a firm specializ-
ing in importing Japanése science-fiction
models to the US. He started the com-
pany after being fired for the fifth time,
this time from his job as buyer for a U.S.
chain of toy stores after numerous run-ins
with his supervisor. Now making enougt
money on his own, he does mostof his work
by phone, meeting sellers and buyers face-
to-face only when he must.

His connection with the rest of the
group is through his girlfriend, Jennifer
Bingham. They first met at the Boul-
der Psychic Fair a few years ago and
have dated fairly
steadily since. Jen-
nifer Bingham, anew
ager from a well-off
family, has known
Emerson Wilkershire
for years, having
grown up with him.

Marcus remembers
seeing the Vampire who
Embraced him at one of
those dreadful formal af-
fairs that Jennifer dragged
him to, where he spent most
of the night talking toEmerson.
He and Emerson have always
gotten along well despite their
apparent differences. Marcus
chalks this up to their mutual
interest in theatre, though
Marcus would never think
of taking the stage.

Marcus has quite a few
friends, including some
gaming buddies and a
business partner. In ad-
dition, he has a moder-
ately extensive network

ofneo-pagan and new age friends in the Boulder
area, though. And, of course, Jenny. Most are
relatively casual, though. He isa private, intro-
verted type. His hobbies are reading (espe-

cially fantasy and science fiction), and science
fiction fandom.

Your Role: Marcus is the mystic of the
group, the rebel, and the dweller on the
fringes. He would be an Anarchif
he had been brought into Vam-

pire society in a normal fash-
ion, Hecan be playedasmildly
paranoid, and with a distrust
of authority. He may well
find it the easiest, with the
possible exception of
Flash, to go underground
and abandon his old life.
Fairly quickly, the ad-
vantages of his new con-
dition will become obvi-
ous and he will learn to
enjoy it. If he sees the
others adapting poorly to
their new forms, hemight
take over the group,
though it is likely he will
feel uncomfortable in the role
of leader.
Image: A fairly large man,
with a sort of vaguely dis-
tracted look. He wears com-
fortable clothes since his
business is done by phone.
He has a moustache, and is
often a bit untidy looking.
Notes: Marcuscan speak
Japanese, and he has con-
tacts among the local neo-
pagans. Muchof hismoney
is tied up in the company,
and if forced to abandon it,
his Resources background
will fall to 2.

Player Characters 61

Player:

VAMPIRE:

Name: Niarcus Smith-K. Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Rebe\

Chronicle: A\en Hover Clan: Caitike

Fez

Physical

Strength, 000
Dexterity Quick eeeeo
Stamina, @@000

Generation: \3
Ilaven:
Concept:

Attributes ——————+ ++ $~

Mental
Perception,

Intelligence.
Wits Heinle Geek © e00

Talents

Alertness.

Athletics, @0000
Brawl. 00000
Dodge. @@000
Empathy. 00000
Intimidation, 00000
Leadership. 00000
Streetwise. @0000
Subterfuge. @e000

Disciplines
@e0e00
00000
00000
00000
00000

————————— nero

Social
Charisma, @0000
Manipulation. @00
Appearance. @@000

Skills
Animal Ken, 00000
Drive. @@000
Etiquette. 00000
Firearms. @0000
Melee. 00000
Music. 00000
Repair. @@000
Security. 00000
Stealth, @e000
Survival. @0000

Knowledge
Bureaucracy, 00000
Computer. @0000
Finance @0000
Investigation, 00000
Law. 00000
Linguistics, @0000
Medicine. 00000
Occult, e000
Politics, 00000
Science. 00000

FA ddan gies

Backgrounds
: @0000
@0000

00000

00000

00000

Virtues
Conscience. @0000
Self-Control, @@000
Courage.

tres
-#=>Other Traits
00000
00000
00000

00000
00000

+#->— Combat —==-

Weapon Difficulty] Damage

Ha

-#--—[[umanity—=t

@eeeeeee00

=== Willpower—=-

@000000000
OOoOoOoOoOo0o0o00

+#:-=Blood Pool==
Oo000000000

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/S Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

t= Tlealth

Bruised oO
Hurt ea lel
Inured 2 0
Wounded 3 O
Mauled 4 O
Crippled 5 O
Incapacitated 0

+#:--= Experiences

62

Alien Hunger


Emerson Wilkershire III

Emerson, the son of the ridiculously wealthy Roger Denver area, and the only other surviving member of
Wilkershire, spent most of his young life trying to prove Emerson's immediate family. Emerson's relationship with
himself able to make it on his own. Rejecting the pampered _his father has been stormy at times, but the two have been
lifestyle readily available to him, Emerson spent his cordial in their recent dealings.
youth seeking out challenges and overcoming Emerson's butler is Windsor Martin, the quint-
them. A skilled equestrian like his father, he essential gentleman's gentleman, who is com-
became known as a daring jumper, willing pletely devoted to him. In fact, he is so devoted
to take his horses to any extreme to bring to his employer that he will take Emerson's
home a trophy. conversion to unlife with equanimity, secure

Upon graduating from college, he ob- ) in the knowledge that the Undead still require
tained a loan from his father and, with the the valet service that only a good butler can
help of some equally wealthy friends, went provide.
into banking, opening a small community Your Role: Emerson is the lynch pin of the
bank which quickly became highly profit- group. Heknows the othersat least passingly,
able. He paid off the loan and has since and his house is the likely site of the
proved to have continued success. Now group's first headquarters, as it is
he lives in Cherry Hills, an ex- large and filled with all the
pensive subdivision in amenities they could desire.
Denver, and keeps A man of burning am-
horses on a ranch out- bition, Emerson will
side the city. His wasa likely be one of the main
life just beginning to' characters trying tokeep
are towards zenith. the others together,

Then the Vampire knowing that together
embraced him, and it they will be more able to
all came crashing handle the unknown.
down. Used to being a leader,

Emerson feels he he is a likely candidate
was chosen to become to take over the group.
a Vampire primarily for Still, he will likely be
his wealth and finan- one of the characters
cial knowledge. He most likely to want to
first noticed the crea- hold on to his old life,
ture which tumed him for obvious reasons.
into one of the Undead Image: A slight,
ata community theatre quick man, Emerson is

production of Romeo always dressed in the height
and Juliet. Emerson of business fashion. Dapper
was playing Juliet's fa- isa word that springs to mind

ther, and Monica
Belhurst was playing
Juliet. A bearded
stranger approached the
two after the show had
ended, complimented
them on theiracting and
also commented on
their drive and ability.
He left before either
could respond.

Roger Wilkershire,
Emerson's father, isthe
only member of the
family who lives in the

when people see this 29-

year-old business whiz.
Notes: Emerson can
read and speak French,
and plays the piano and
sings. It is worth
noting that most of
Emerson's wealth is
tied up in non-liquid
assets, so if forced
to flee underground
quickly or fake his
own death, he
should immedi-
ately lose one point

of Resources.

Player Characters 63


Player:

Physical
Strength, @0000
Dexterity. @e000
Stamina_____——s @®@O000

VAMPIRE:

Name: Emerson \Nilkershire Nature: Archivect

Demeanor: P\yector

Chronicle: Alien unger Clan: Toreador

Generation: \%
Ilaven:
Concept:

Attrib tt eS ort

Social
Charisma,
Manipulation,
Appearance

Mental
Perception,
Intelligence.
Wits_Ur'

@@000

A lit cs —————————

Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting. @@000 = = Animal Ken @e000 Bureaucracy.
Alertness. @0000 Drive. 0000 Computer,
Athletics. @e000 = Etiquette. @000 Finance.
Brawl. 00000 Firearms, 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge, @0000 = Melee, 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000 Music. €e@000 Linguistics, @0000
Intimidation, 00000 Repair. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Leadership, 00000 — Security. o0000 — Occult, 00000
Streetwise, 00000 | Stealth, eG000 Politics, eee00
Subterfuge, 00000 _ Survival. 00000. = Sience___— 717707000
Advantages
Disciplines Backgr ounds Virtues
0000 eeeeo = Conscience: ©0000
00000 e@0000
00000 eoooo = SelfControl____ eeee0
00000 00000 ‘
00000 00000 Courage. @e000
" et ee: *
t===Other Traits 9 -f—TIumanitye™= f= Health ===
Riding ___ eeev0 Bruised =O
@eeoeeeee00
00000 Hurt 10
cane Injured 2 O
60000 +t-== Willpower Wounded 3 0
Mauled 4 O
+t--—Combat—-~3#- © 000000000 Crippled 5 O
Weapon Difficulty] Damage nooooooooo Incapacitated O

+#:-==Blood Pool
@e@e@eeoo00o00o0on0n

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

+4=->= Experience -=<t-

64

Alien Hunger

@ BOULDER

i
Liverman's
House

University s°
Medical Center i


P City life crushes our spirit. Traffic. Crime. Corruption.
eer Inhumanity. Rumors and legends abound as we strive to
cope with each horror and save what's left of our identities,
before we become the monsters that stalk the urban sprawl,
But for some, its too late. The legends are true. The monsters
ved) are real. They are among us.

- Is Dead i oa

Cities of Darkness Volume 3 is an account of Kindred
‘ control, corruption and conspiracies across America. This 4
book combines the previously out-of-print Dark Colony Jiiaed

" and Alien Hunger in one volume with an all-new cover. ed
D Mountains and oceans mean nothing in this battle of vampire ;

y, Gities of Darkness Volume 3 features:

* One more shot at these rare Vampire
| © Information about the undead of New England, from
| the age of the witch-hunts to modern day
| © A glimpse of Denver nights, and an introductory

story to set any Vampire chronicle in motion

P i! i *3 1600
Wontp of k Hii |||

pplements.

PAMEERE

ae ee
+, The Masquerade
