# File: Cities of Darkness Volume 1.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

i
i WN
a


On the Brink of Eternity

By Patricia Ann Roshell



Be good and you will be lonesome

— Mark Twain, Following the Equator

Despite the innumerable hardships placed in its path, New Orleans always seems to rise from the very ashes
of destruction — indeed, to transcend its former glory.

Despite the fires that have nearly reduced her Gothic splendor to memory, she still survives. Despite the
power struggles that threaten to tear the city apart, she prospers under the almost feudal rule of her prince
and his council. Despite laws that bar certain vampires from the city, still New Orleans draws refugees as a
beacon in the darkness.

Despite all these obstacles and more, the city endures, as immortal as the Kindred who reside within.
Perhaps, when even they have passed into memory, the city they called home will yet survive.

Credits:
Written by: Patricia Ann Roshell
Additional Characters: Kara Chappell

Ms. Roshell's Technical Advisor: Joseph
Smith

Developed by: Andrew Greenberg
Edited by: Robert Hatch
Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Drew Tucker,
Lawrence Schnelli, E. Allen Smith, Tom Berg

Front Cover: Doug Alexander Gregory

Back Cover and Logo: Lawrence Schnelli

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Scanned by Jam Edited by Bouba
Released on the Direct Connect Hub:

CC RPGBookz.dyndns.org ))
Pay us a visit =) and don't forget on IRC

#bw-rpg@irc.nullus.net

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
7 sa MTN, GA 30083

CAME STUDIO

Word from the White Wolf Game Studio

If you have a question about the games, feel free to
call (ask for Sam), contact our BBS or save the long-
distance charges and write us. Just remember to enclose
a self-addressed stamped envelope. If you want to sub-
mit a proposal, send us a SASE and we'll send you our
writers guidelines and a disclosure form. Make as many
copies of your disclosure form as you like and send one
with your proposal. Considering the amounts of corre-
spondence we have been receiving, allow six to eight
weeks for a response.

4 New Orleans by Night

Special Thanks to:

Josh "Magic Trainer" Timbrook, for making
Andrew jump through hoops to get his Hive
back.

Sam "Wanderer" Chupp, for always finding
time to visit everyone's office during the day —
must be easier now that he doesn't do layout.
Chris "Real Stories Are Here" McDonough, for
making those copies of the dreaded videotape
— two months later.

Richard "Be Happy" Thomas, for having his
department make his New Year's resolution for
him.

Michelle "Iron Crown" Prahler, for surviving
yet another White Wolf party.

Ben "Argh" Monk, for learning the joys of
becoming our accountant.

Stephan "Arrgghh" Wieck, for learning the joys
of having Ben become our accountant.

Jim "Blocked" Townsend, for watching inven-

tory take over the four-square court.

Author's Dedication

A great many people assisted me in planning and writing
this book. Rather than thanking each of you individually
(and risking the inadvertent omission of someone's name), I
should instead like to take the opportunity and the space here
tosay, "Thank you." Your ideas, suggestions and support were
more appreciated than I probably let you know at the time.
hope this makes up for it. Also, special thanks to the Factory
Squad for playtesting New Orleans by Night.

© 1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purpose of reviews. New
Orleans by Night and Vampire the Masquerade are trade-
marks of White Wolf, Inc. All characters, names, places and
text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Book One: New Orleans by Night
Chapter One: Introduction
Chapter Two: History

Chapter Three: Geography
Chapter Four: Characters
Chapter Five: Coteries
Book Two: D'Jabbic
Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

6
16
28
48
88
96
103
110
HS
119
121

Contents


Hy

Introduction ™

It is the most congenial city in America that I know of and it

is due in large part, I believe, to the fact that here at last on this bleak
continent the sensual pleasures assume the importance which they

deserve ...

— Henry Miller, The Air-Conditioned Nightmare

How does one begin to sum up the experience that is
New Orleans? While other cities come to life during the day
and hide when the undead come out, New Orleans springs to
life when the Kindred rise. As the oppressive heat of day
fades, the city's inhabitants emerge from behind closed doors,
and by midnight the streets fill with revelers.

The nocturnal festivities generally focus on the
(in)famous French Quarter and Bourbon Street, but span the
entire city. Performers line the streets, dancers weave through
crowds of mortals, and music pulses from every nook and
cranny. The nightlife alone attracts legions of vampires, but
the city's appeal to the undead does not stop there.

With buildings dating back hundreds of years, a mortal
population apparently ready to forgive almost anything and
hordes of vessels pouring into the city every day, New Orleans
seems designed for the Kindred. Gothic by its very nature, it
is truly a vampire's city, as unchanging as the Kindred
themselves.

New Orleans is also a city of contrasts. Even the Kindred
social structure is split, as elders meet amid elite clubs in the
French Quarter and Garden City while neonates crowd the
strip clubs and street corners. Newcomers constantly flock to
the city, though most of New Orleans' vampires have existed
for more than 100 years. Lines divide everything but are
never clear.

Underneath the city's apparent equanimity lies con-
stant turbulence. The city has for centuries been a supernatural
battleground, and unearthly beings of all types have carved
niches in its environs. Kindred, Lupines, mages and others
have laid claim to New Orleans. Even Pentex casts a calcu-
lating eye on the city, and the Wyrm lays siege at its gates.

In the midst of the supernatural struggle lives a mortal
population both used and protected by the Kindred, existing
day to day, night to night in blissful ignorance. Welcome to
New Orleans.

How to Use This
Book

While the information in this book may appear to be
usable only with a New Orleans chronicle, it can serve a
Storyteller in a variety of w:

. First ofall, Storytellers can set
their chronicles in the city or move an existing chronicle
there. They can use the information provided here verbatim
orchange it to create their own Gothic-Punk versions of New
Orleans.

Storytellers also have the option to set a single story, or
even a single scene, in New Orleans. Finally, they may take

Chapter One: Introduction


the information provided for New Orleans and, with little
work, adapt it to another city. The only limits are the ones the
Storyteller sets.

References

Books
Fodor's New Orleans
Frommer's New Orleans
Lost Souls, Poppy Z. Brite
Fevre Dream, George R.R. Martin
Empire of Fear, Brian Stableford
Sunglasses After Dark and In the Blood , Nancy Collins
Guilty Pleasures, Laurell K. Hamilton
Almost anything by Anne Rice

Movies
A Streetcar Named Desire
Angel Heart
Pretty Baby
Hard Target
The Big Easy
No Mercy
Live and Let Die
Blaze
The Believers
J.F.K.

Undercover Blues

Music
Dirty Dozen Brass Band
Preservation Hall Brass Band
"Moon Over Bourbon Street," Sting
"Bloodletting," Concrete Blonde

Theme

Though New Orleans may seem peaceful, no city of
comparable size hosts as many power struggles. Many stories
can evolve from the constant intrigues among vampires,
werewolves, mages, mortals and others, and from the smaller
butnonetheless intense internecine battles within the groups.

Thus the extreme to which people will go for power is the
theme of New Orleans by Night. Lines drawn between
friend and foe are very thin. Someone who has been one's ally
for decades may suddenly become an enemy, while an age-old
enemy may be willing to put aside differences to combat an
even more dangerous foe.

The most important aspect to keep in mind about life in
New Orleans is that one can never have enough friends.
Enemies are plentiful enough, but friends may be few and far
between. It's best to make them where and when you can.

New Orleans by Night

Mood

The primary mood of New Orleans by Night is frenzied
revelry. Even outside of Mardi Gras season, the city always
seems to maintain a carnival atmosphere. Mortals from
around the world lose themselves to the festivities, and the
Kindred find themselves tempted to do the same.

Furthermore, because of the constant power struggles
going on in the city, New Orleans can be a very dangerous
place for the unwary. Someone's friendship may well be as
dangerous as that individual's enmity, and at any moment,
one could become the other. Storytellers — do not instill a
feeling of overinflated anxiety in the players, but a good dose
of paranoid caution would be helpful.

The Damned

Because of New Orleans' status as a city open to almost
any vampire, it is impossible to know exactly how many
vampires reside in the city at any one time. However, Prince
Marcel's sophisticated espionage network allows him to keep
a reasonably current census of the vampire population. Al-
most 20 make the city their permanent home, at least that
many more maintain havens there, and dozens more pass
through as tourists or refugees.

Power Structure

Many outsiders have been impressed by the prince's
nonchalant self-confidence. Indeed, he seems so sure of
himself that he lets almost any vampires, with the exceptions
of Sabbat and Setites, into the city. Others see this trait as a
weakness, suggesting that Marcel cannot bar these visitors.
Cainites who subscribe to this view believe Prince Marcel's
days are numbered, for too many factions currently struggle
for control of the city. The most obvious ones are the Prince's
Council, the anarchs, the mages, the Brujah and the Setites;
there are undoubtedly many others.

Several groups of werecreatures exist outside the city,
amid the bayous and cypress forests. More knowledgeable
Kindred are aware that at least two of these groups are at war,
but few know any particulars. These vampires know that
Lupines contest the city's boundaries and fight vampiric
control of outlying areas. The fact that Black Spiral Dancers
control much of the land outside the city means nothing to
them.

Mortal Society

Prince Marcel has always dominated as much of mortal
society as he could. His hand touches nearly every aspect of
mortal life in the city. Kindred, usually Ventrue, manipulate
government, business, most forms of entertainment and the
arts.

It is ironic that the one agency still resisting Marcel's
attempts at control is the one for which he has tried the

The Swamp Festival Conclave

One of the most well-known events of New Or-
leans Kindred society is the Conclave held in the city
every three years. Called by Xaviar, Justicar of Clan
Gangrel for the past century, the Conclave takes place
concurrently with the city's annual Swamp Festival in
early October. Xaviar also ostensibly takes this time to
review the land treaty with the Lupines, which the
Gangrel helped arrange.

But neither the Conclave nor the Festival actually
motivates Xaviar's triannual exodus to New Orleans,
though both serve as excellent covers. The aforemen-
tioned land treaty gave possession of the Bayou St.
Johns (and its caern) to the Lupines. Over the years,
however, the city has engulfed the bayou, and the caern
has come under the control of the Kindred.

Prince Doran knew mages were tapping the site for
power, and Xaviar also discovered this. While investi-
gating the situation, he uncovered another, abandoned
caern near the main one. Indications point to this
second caern having been used by werecreatures other
than Lupines. Xaviar has begun sucking power from the
site.

Though Xaviar draws power from this caern as
often as he can, he realizes that his presence in the city
too many times during the year would draw suspicion.
Xaviar needs to siphon much more power from the site
before he can proceed with his plans, and has accord-
ingly established a spy in the city merely to watch the
caern. The spy and his allies call themselves Tabula
Rasa (see Coteries).

hardest, the New Orleans Police Department (N.O.P.D.).
This has been almost wholly because of the influence of
another agency that operates within the police department,
the New Orleans Special Task Force, or N.O.S.T.F.

N.0.S.T.F.

Though the Kindred exert influence over different parts
of the N.O.P.D. and over individual members, they have
never been able to gain total dominance. The group most
responsible for this state of affairs is the N.O.S.T.F, a group
of 16 specially trained agents who work within the police
department but are not actually connected with it. Few
officers on the N.O.P.D., in fact, even know of the agents'
existence. Most New Orleans Kindred know of the N.O.S.T.F,
and vice versa. Indeed, the head of the Task Force, Detective
Robert Carter, and Prince Marcel have often confronted
each other in matters that involve both the city's mortals and
Kindred.

Carter began the N.O.S.T.F. in the early 1900s. The
ghoul of the city's former prince, Carter broke his Blood Bond
and began hunting vampires, seeking revenge for the life he
felt was stolen from him. Using the knowledge he had gained

Chapter One: Introduction 9


10

serving the prince, and covertly supported by a Chantry of
mages, Carter made war on the undead. The war raged for
several decades before then-Prince Doran and Carter struck
a bargain.

Carter could continue to hunt and kill vampires in the
city, but only so long as he did so in the service of the prince.
Though neither party was particularly pleased with the terms
of the truce, it did afford a brief respite while each considered
other options. Before Carter could change the agreement,
however, the prince himself was killed.

Unlike his predecessor, Marcel did not see Carter as a
problem. The new prince, in fact, felt that the vampire
hunter could actually be manipulated into working for him.
Marcel struck a deal similar to the one Doran had with
Carter, but to keep the sometimes overly ambitious vampire
hunter in line, Marcel also made it plain that he would give
Carter no special protection from other New Orleans Kin-
dred. Thus, Carter began secretly working to gain control of
the police.

His actions took Marcel completely by surprise. Carter's
slow takeover culminated in the 1930s, when he managed to
place in positions of power a number of people under his (or
no one's) control.

Today, while N.O.S.T-F. still hunts renegade vampires,
it has expanded its operations. It also deals with Lupines and
other supernatural forces that threaten the balance of power
in the area. Though Carter would someday like to see New
Orleans completely purged of the Kindred, he now has his
hands full just keeping the police department independent.

Kindred Iniluence

The Kindred presence in New Orleans is reflected al-
most everywhere one looks. Its most obvious effect has been
the preservation of the city's historical districts and land-
marks. The Kindred are very proud of their history and seek
to maintain all links to their past. Some of the elders have
dwelt in the city for centuries.

The Kindred support mortals who share these goals.
Most of the historical and preservation societies exist with
the backing of a wealthy, generous and unseen patron.

The Kindred also contribute to the tourist industry,
which is so important to New Orleans' economy. Tourists
also provide an endless wellspring of vitae, and Marcel and
the elders do everything in their power to keep them coming.
Injuring or robbing tourists is greatly disapproved of, though
it happens more and more frequently. Perpetrators, should
they be caught, are punished through Blood Bonds, banish-
ment and other, less genteel ways.

New Orleans by Night


Voodoo

So if you're ever down in New Orleans

You might meet an old lady

She might have a doll

It might look like you.

Don't ask about the Voodoo.

— Body Count, "Voodoo"

No vampire clan has had more trouble in New Orleans
than the Setites. Thanks to Prince Doran's uncompromising
hatred and distrust for the clan, Setites have never been
welcome in the city, and the Followers' earliest influxes, in
the 1700s, were met with violence. A century later, however,
the Setites found access to New Orleans not only possible but
relatively easy, thanks to a seemingly unlikely source —
Voodoo.

Voodoo first came to Louisiana through the slave trade
from Africa and the Caribbean Islands, most notably Haiti.
The Setites seized control of Haiti during the early 1800s and
began spreading to the mainland. Many of the immigrant
Setites soon broke contact with their leaders in Haiti and
began their own small cults.

In the 18th century, black ivory was one of New Orleans'
most lucrative imports. Voodoo hada strong following among
the slaves, and they comprised the vast majority of the
followers of the cults. The most powerful and outstanding
figures in the cults were the Voodoo Queens. From the late
1700s to the Civil War, they often wielded more power
among the slaves than even the white masters. These Queens,
if not Kindred, were most often mulattos, quadroons or other
free people of color — usually those whom the Setites could
easily dominate.

Second in power, but no less feared within the cults,
were the Witch Doctors. The position of Witch Doctor, if
not occupied by a mortal the Setites could easily control, was
filled by either one of the vampiric Queen's neonates or a
ghoul bonded to her.

Prince Doran was not totally ignorant of the Setites'
influence with the slaves, only the extent of it. His spies told
him of Followers of Set seen at Voodoo rituals and warned
him of their growing power. Though the city banned Voodoo
in 1782, it had taken a firm root within New Orleans society.

Two factors prevented Doran from losing his city to the
Setites. One was the factionalization within the Voodoo
cults of New Orleans, a problem the Setites could not resolve.
Numerous schisms splintered the city's Voodoo cults; even-
tually they resembled each other only in the most basic
precepts. Thus, the Setites hada great deal of trouble consoli-
dating their power, and the attacks they did manage to
orchestrate against Doran were always repelled.

The other factor came from a most unlikely source —a
young, free mulatto woman named Marie Laveau. Born in
1796, Marie became Queen of one of the larger Voodoo cults
early in her life, deposing the former queen, Sanite Dede.
Sensing easy prey in the new Queen, a Haitian Setite quickly

Chapter One: Introduction

il


attempted to dominate Laveau and take control of the cult.
Laveau proved herself to be a more formidable opponent
than the Setite anticipated.

With her force of will she resisted the Setite's mesmer-
izing gaze, and with her charismatic hold over her followers,
Laveau managed to turn them against the clan. Laveau
exposed the Setite as a demon in her followers' midst and
warned them that such demons would lead them toruin. This
strategy served Laveau well during her reign, for it was a
simple matter for her to "expose" any opponent as such a
demon.

During her more than 40 years in power, Marie Laveau
never stopped fighting the Setites. Yet the Setites had one
great advantage on their side that Marie Laveau could not
counter — time. Marie Laveau grew old, and the Setites
began striking at her by way of those around her, whom they
could dominate and control. Eventually she was removed
and a successor chosen.

As soon as the change of power took place, the Setites
moved quickly to destroy the power of the new Queen,
Malvina Latour. Though Laveau had warned Latour about
the Setites, the young Queen had neither her predecessor's
power nor her charisma, and the Setites again began to gain
power within the Voodoo cults. Slowly the stability Marie
Laveau had begun to build within the cult fell apart, and the
cult again began to factionalize. By 1890 almost all of what
Marie Laveau had tried to do for her people had been
destroyed.

Today Voodoo still exists in New Orleans, practiced by
smaller groups. Mortal followers are often under the direct
control of a Setite, who usually poses as the cult's leader.
Though they do not have much power at present, the Setites
are always gaining more, and Marcel keeps as close a watch
on themas he can. Only recently has he begun to realize that
mages are also involved with the voodoo cults.

Mardi Gras

To many people, Mardi Gras is New Orleans. The
highlight of Carnival, Mardi Gras caps offalmost two months
of wild parties and complete abandon. Carnival refers to an
entire season that begins on January 6 and ends on Mardi
Gras with raucous parties throughout the city and parades
organized by private clubs (krewes).

Both the mortal and Kindred populations swell to in-
credible numbers during this time. Vampires from around the
world flood the city, adding their own unique touches to the
manic celebrations that grip New Orleans. This is the only
time Prince Marcel looks the other way when vampires fail to
Present themselves, but his spy network does overtime keep-
ing track of the newcomers. None are allowed to stay after
Mardi Gras is over.

12 New Orleans by Night

Still, there are few parties in the world like Mardi Gras,
and the Kindred take full advantage of this time. Marcel
himself hosts several parties, some open to any vampire.
Elders and anarchs alike roam the streets, mingling freely
with the multitudes of kine and feeling more alive than they
do at any other time.

Kindred Krewes

The Krewe u Katalkana is one of three Kindred krewes
in New Orleans. Started in the late 1800s by Southern
Ventrue, it tries not to be overly flamboyant, thus keeping
within the rules of the Masquerade. However, this still
provides a great deal of leeway for its members. At Mardi
Gras, even the Kindred can be drab in comparison to their
mortal counterparts. The Krewe u Katalkana includes a
number of ghouls and mortal servants, but it inspired two all-
Kindred Krewes, the Krewe of NOAMA and the Krewe of 5.

The Krewe of NOAMA (the New Orleans Association
of Musicians and Artists) is made up exclusively of Toreador.
Despite its name, none of its members lives in New Orleans.
The krewe appears in town at the beginning of Carnival,
throws grand balls, plays exceptional jazz, and leaves the
night after Mardi Gras.

The Krewe of 5 is the final krewe. Run by a Brujah and
a Malkavian, the Krewe of 5 is well known to the Mardi Gras
crowd for two reasons. One, it is the smallest Mardi Gras
krewe, with only five members at any given time. Second, it
is the rowdiest of the Mardi Gras krewes.

Other Festivals

New Orleans is best known for Mardi Gras, but every
month hosts a festival. The following isa list of other popular
festival dates in New Orleans.

Early March: Black Heritage Festival

Mid-March: St. Patrick's Day Parade

Early to Mid-March: Spring Fiesta

Early April: French Quarter Festival

Late April: New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival
Late May: Riverfront Festival

June: Celebration Crescent City

August: Celebration Crescent City — Latino Festival
Early September: Fiesta Latina

Early October: Festa d'Italia

Early October: Swamp Festival

Late October: Halloween

December: A Creole Christmas

December 31: Countdown

Traveling to New
Orleans

On the road to New Orleans

A spray of stars hit the screen

As the 10th impact shimmered

The forbidden candles beamed.

— Siouxsie & the Banshees, "Kiss Them for Me"

Having the characters begin the chronicle as New
Orleans residents will simplify a number of things. It lets the
characters know something about the city, including what
territory belongs to whom. If they do enter the city as
newcomers, unlife can get quite complicated.

While there are many ways to get to New Orleans, its ease
of access is dangerously deceptive. Lupines control much of the
area outside the city, and the smart traveler will spend a little
time investigating the safest route. Because of New Orleans'
popularity and notoriety, this information is readily available,
but discovering which areas are controlled by Lupines and
which are under Kindred control is more difficult.

Originally the boundaries between Kindred and Lupine
territories were very simple, decided on during a meeting
between the two groups in the 18th century. The bayous and
swamplands belonged to the Lupines, while the city belonged
to the Kindred. However, mortal boundaries have changed
over the years, and the borders are no longer so clear.

The original city limits have expanded since the time
the two sides made their agreement. Today, much of the
territory that originally belonged to the Lupines has been
overtaken by the expanding city. For instance, the Bayou St.
John was once part of the Lupines' territory. Today it is one
of the last remaining bayous inside the city limits.

This area has been under dispute for several reasons.
First, and most importantly, a caern is located on the prop-
erty. Second, the Lupines have claimed it because all bayous
were given to them under the land treaty. The vampires claim
it simply because it is within city limits.

Today the boundaries are observed as follows:

Lupine territory covers everything east of the Inner
Harbor Navigation Canal on the north bank of the Missis-
sippi River and everything east of the Intercoastal Waterway
onthe south bank. These areas include the Lakefront Airport
on Lake Pontchartrain, and the neighborhoods of Arabi,
Algiers and Gretna.

Everything within the area bordered by the Mississippi
River and Lake Pontchartrain and from the Inner Harbor
Navigation Canal west to Williams Boulevard is considered
vampire territory. These boundaries include the New Or-
leans International Airport and the neighborhoods of
Metairie, Harahan and Kenner.

One area in dispute is Bayou St. John. Others are the
neighborhoods of Westwego and Bridge City, both on the
south side of the Mississippi River and stretching west from
the Intercoastal Waterway. Kindred should avoid these areas
if possible.

Chapter One: Introduction

Road Travel

Vampires almost always find road travel precarious,
mostly because of the problems in finding a safe haven each
day and feeding each night.

The best-known, but not necessarily safest, route to take
to New Orleans is I-10. The highway runs from Florida to
California, making its way directly through the center of New
Orleans. Travel from the west is relatively safe, but coming
into the city from the east takes one through Lupine territory.
Passage can be made if the characters are very careful, for the
Lupines do not actively patrol the road. Trouble could arise,
however, should the characters lose control of the car, run
out of gas or have mechanical difficulties.

1-10 is also the fastest route into the French Quarter.
This is the favorite gathering place of the New Orleans
Kindred and the best place to obtain quick information about
the city. Both 1-55 and 1-59 connect with I-10 near New
Orleans, and Kindred coming from the north can take these
routes.

Air Travel

Two airports serve New Orleans, and characters must be
careful not to arrive at the wrong one. While the Lupines do
not make a habit of patrolling the highway, they carefully
watch the Lakefront Airport located on Lake Pontchartrain,
next to the U.S. Naval Reserve Training Center.

The New Orleans International Airport (Moisant Inter-
national Airport) is located 15 miles west of New Orleans in

the neighborhood of Kenner. The airport is serviced by most
major airlines and is controlled by the Kindred.

Private flight arrangements can be made (for a substan-
tial fee) if a character has a contact in the city. A number of
refugees and tourists come to New Orleans by way of the
airport.

Sea/River Travel

Most of the Kindred who make regular visits to the city
do so by water. Indeed, the city is almost entirely surrounded
by water. Because New Orleans is one of the most active ports
in the world, vampires have little difficulty finding a ship to
fit their needs. Additionally, numerous small docks and
wharves along the river can accommodate personal boats, as
can several ferries and steamboats, which still carry passen-
gets. Most Camarilla Kindred avoid the wharves near the
Public Commodity Warehouses, however, because Setites
are thought to be active there.

Rail Travel

Though not the fastest mode of travel, the railroad is one
of the safer and more comfortable ways for Kindred to travel
from place to place. Large crates can easily be stored in
baggage cars, and the other train cars are fairly accessible.
One can also rent a private car and travel ina bit more luxury.

Three major Amtrak lines run to New Orleans Union
Passenger Terminal on Loyola Avenue. The "Crescent" runs
daily between New York and New Orleans by way of Wash-

New Orleans by Night


ington D.C. The "City of New Orleans" runs daily between
Chicago and New Orleans. The "Sunset Limited" makes a
two-day trip between Los Angeles and New Orleans.

The Setites

Because Prince Marcel has outlawed them, the Setites
tend to keep their doings clandestine. Little is known about
their activities, but Prince Marcel seems sure that the Setites
are running smuggling operations. These have included not
only contraband, but Kindred trying to enter the city ille-
gally. Some say vampires have paid thousands of dollars to the
Setites in exchange for passage into the city.

Getting around New
Orleans

Once the players have arrived in New Orleans, they
need to know how to get around. The Regional Transit
Authority (RTA) runs both the streetcars and the public
buses. Information on schedules can be obtained by calling
their offices or asking at almost any hotel.

Buses

New Orleans has a very sophisticated interconnecting
bus system that runs throughout the city. The Easy Rider is a
shuttle bus that runs around the Riverwalk and Convention
Center Complex. Connections can be made from it to other
bus routes around the city.

Streetcars

There are two major streetcar lines in the city. The first
is the St. Charles Avenue Streetcar, which runs along a five-
mile route down St. Charles Avenue between Canal Street
and Carrollton Avenue, going through the Central Business
District. Its cars run 24 hours a day, making stops every 10
minutes from 7 a.m. - 8 p.m., every half hour from 8 p.m.-
midnight, and every hour from midnight - 7 a.m.

The other is the Riverfront Streetcar, which runs along
a two-mile route down the Mississippi River from Esplanade
Avenue to Julia Street. Two cars run 24 hours a day, passing
each of the eight stops on the route every 15 minutes.

Cars and Taxis

Most major car rental agencies can be found in New
Orleans and rent for the standard rate. Cheaper rates, how-
ever, can be found by calling the lesser-known companies

Vital Statistics

Population: New Orleans proper houses half a
million people, and the entire metropolitan area hosts
1.2 million. The Kindred population fluctuates a great
deal; during Mardi Gras 100 or even more vampires
may be in the city.

Weather: Perhaps the most dominant trait of New
Orleans weather is that it rains...a lot. During the
hurricane season, from June to November, the city is
frequently drenched by torrential rains lasting any-
where from a few minutes to several hours. Though the
summer sun is usually out for as long as 11 hours a day,
driving temperatures into the mid-90s Fahrenheit, it is
often obscured in the afternoon by rainclouds.

The months of October to March are known for
the heavy fogs that roll in from the river, lake and Gulf
of Mexico. They often cover the city ina thick blanket
that rarely lifts before morning.

April to October are notoriously hot and humid,
while the winter months usually have the mildest
climes. However, a New Orleans winter can become
somewhat chilly, with temperatures approaching 45
degrees Fahrenheit or lower.

Keep in mind that the most predictable thing
about New Orleans weather is that it is highly unpre-
dictable. It can change very quickly, especially in the
summer months.

that operate in the area. Most car rental agencies can be
found inside or close to New Orleans International Airport.
Taxis are also common, though harder to find outside the
central business district and Garden City.

The city allows cars to be driven nearly everywhere, but
special care should be taken when driving in the French
Quarter. Roads are all one-way and often lined with tourists,
who run back and forth across the streets with little regard for
the traffic. At sunset Bourbon Street is closed to traffic; large
steel posts are set in holes at all entrances. At dawn the posts
are removed and the street is reopened.

Air
Elders with havens several miles to the west of the city

prefer air travel. Oftentimes a car will be kept for their use in
an inner-city parking garage with a rooftop helipad.

Chapter One: Introduction 15



Chapter Two:

History

What is history but a fable agreed upon?
— Napoleon Bonaparte, Sayings

New Orleans' history began long before Jean Baptiste le
Moyne founded the city on the banks of the Mississippi River
in 1718. It began in the second century B.C., when the
majestic city of Carthage was destroyed by Roman legions
under the control of Ventrue and Malkavian vampires. What
became New Orleans started as the dream of a young tribune
in the Roman army.

An Ancient Dream

This tribune, Gaius Marcellus, was 23 years old when he
was fatally wounded during the assault on Carthage. He had
already attracted the attention of a Ventrue leader, however,
and this Ventrue did not let him die. Impressed by Gaius'
ability, intelligence and abilities as an orator and writer, he
Embraced the tribune, keeping the neonate by his side to
record the events of the war.

Gaius soon realized that the war involved more than
mortal goals. During lulls in the battles, the Ventrue elder
told his newly created child of the Jyhad fought by the
Kindred. The young tribune saw the Ventrue role in the war
being waged on Carthage; he did not, however, understand
why Rome's Kindred waged such a senseless war on their
brethren. Gaius felt that vampires who had built such a city
as Carthage and established it with such noble ideals should
be supported, not attacked.

For several decades the neonate stayed with his sire and
served well in his post, but the senselessness of the Jyhad and
his sire's role in it caused him to leave Rome. Heading north,
Gaius settled finally in Gaul, which would later become
France.

During the centuries Gaius lived in the French territory,
he never forgot the city that he had helped to destroy. In his
journals he chronicled what he could remember of Carthage:
its ideals, policies, and the beliefs and dreams of those who
had lived there. He kept these books with him, and when he
Embraced his first childe, he showed him these books and
taught him all he could recall of the noble city.

This childe was Doran, a young philosopher studying the
desires and drives of mortal life. After the Embrace he turned
his interests to Kindred social structures. Doran found special
interest in his sire's stories of Carthage. Although the city
defied his understanding of vampiric society, Doran believed
the city could be reborn. Europe, however, was too corrupt to
support so noble a city.

Doran had heard stories of a new world across the great
ocean, where mortals had traveled to start a new civilization,
free from the restrictions and laws of oppressive rulers. In the
early 1600s, Doran made the dangerous journey across the
Atlantic Ocean to the New World. Gaius stayed in France,
though he told his childe he shared and supported the dream
of resurrecting Carthage.

Chapter Two: History


Arriving on the northeastern coast, Doran soon found
things were notas he had been told. The laws and oppression
of the old continent stretched across the waters, and the old
tyrants still held the new land within their grasp. During the
early 1700s Doran migrated with the other Kindred who
followed the flow of the mortal herd over the mountains, ever
seeking their elusive freedoms.

Most went north to Canada, but Doran journeyed south.
He settled in the northern Louisiana territory, having heard
tales of strange and dangerous creatures that inhabited the
swamps to the south.

The War Begins

The arrival of a second vampire in the territory caught
Doran unaware, but the newcomer did not keep his presence
a secret for long. Simon de Cosa, a Spanish Brujah, attacked
Doran one night in 1713. Doran fought back with all the
powers at his disposal and managed to escape his savage
assailant. Returning to his haven, he ordered his servants
into action, and for the next several years skirmishes between
the vampires' mortal followers became all too common.

Early in their fighting, Doran made Jean Baptiste le
Moyne, Sieur de Bienville, the young governor of the terri-
tory, his ghoul. Outraged that Doran had gained control of
Bienville, Cosa began establishing his own power, gaining
control over many of the town's other influential men.
Manipulating his new pawns, Cosa began to exert pressure on
Bienville's office. Kindred allies across the sea assisted both
vampires in their feud.

Cosa finally managed to instigate enough of an outcry to
have Doran's ghoul removed from office. Acting quickly,
Cosa soon had his own servant, Antoine Cadillac, appointed
as governor of the Louisiana Territory.

In order to rid himself completely of Bienville's threat,
Cosa called into play his pawns among the American Indi-
ans, ordering them on raids of small settlements. As soon as
the attacks started, Cosa had Cadillac outfit Bienville with a
small army and sent the former governor to handle the Indian
uprisings. It was Cosa's firm hope that Doran's ghoul would
die in one of the battles, but in 1716 Bienville defeated the
fiercest of Cosa's Indian tribes, the Natchez. The unexpected
victory destroyed many of Cosa's plans and led to Bienville's
reinstatement as governor of Louisiana.

New Orleans

In 1718, after two years had passed with no sign of Cosa,
Bienville formally established the city of New Orleans.
Although Cosa did attempt to regain his territory in 1720, he
had little support and was defeated. Forced to retreat, Cosa
and his followers escaped into the swamplands.

For the next 40 years Cosa continued his war against
Doran. While trying to protect his city and simultaneously
establishing what would become an extremely effective in-
telligence network, Doran also tried to reason with his
adversary, hoping to make Cosa share his dream for New

New Orleans by Night


Orleans. Doran hoped that by relating stories of the great city
of Carthage, as well as his own plans for New Orleans, he
could win the Brujah's support rather than his opposition.

Cosa, however, showed no interest in the Ventrue's
visions and continued to try to unseat his rival. Though he
came close several times, Cosa never managed to take the
territory. Many of Cosa's attacks were made through Native
American followers. Under Cosa's direction, native tribes
raided the city and other settlements. In 1736 the Chickasaws
defeated Bienville. The tribe continued to menace the area
for the next quarter century, but never managed to gain
much power for Cosa.

The closest Cosa came to success was in 1743, when
Doran lost his hold over Bienville. The ghoul freed himself
with the help of a mage and returned to Europe. Cosa, feeling
that Doran would be severely handicapped without his
ghoul, struck with his small band of followers. What Cosa had
not anticipated, however, was exactly how many mortals
Doran now had under his control. Defeated in his attempt,
Cosa and his followers retreated from the area.

The Lupines

Another attempt that nearly succeeded for Cosa came in
1755 when England took possession of Acadia, which is
today Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. All in the territory
were required to take an oath of allegiance to England. Six
thousand people refused and were deported from the terri-
tory. A small band of these displaced refugees settled in New
Orleans and the surrounding area. These people became
known as Cajuns.

A small tribe of Lupines followed their Cajun kinfolk to
the Louisiana bayous. There they discovered the Uktena
tribe, as well as a caern. Battles soon broke out between the
newcomers and the Uktena. Cosa chose this time to attack
Doran, believing that the Lupines would cause trouble for the
Ventrue in their attempts to reestablish their territory. Again,
however, Cosa underestimated Doran's forces. During the
short-lived battle, Cosa learned the lengths to which Doran
was willing to go to see his dream realized.

Doran could not help but see the war between the Lupine
tribes as an unsolicited opportunity to further his ambitions for
New Orleans. After the old Uktena chief died, Doran, with the
help ofa recently arrived Gangrel, arranged a meeting with the
new leader, Lucius Jackson. Doran offered to help Jackson's
tribe drive the newcomers from the area and to help the Uktena
should they try to return. In exchange for this help, Doran asked
Jackson to assist him in the fight against Cosa and to respect the
city's boundaries. Jackson agreed to Doran's proposal, though
he privately expressed contempt for the offer. He told other
tribe members the vampires would be their next foes after the
newcomers were defeated.

Much to Jackson's surprise, the tide of the battle quickly
shifted when the vampires entered the fighting. The new-
comers, who Jackson said were called Black Spiral Dancers,
were soon driven from the territory and into the swamplands
west of the city.

Chapter Two: History 19

Cosa was not ready to deal with the Uktena as well as
Doran, and the vampire-werewolf alliance forced him to the
western swamps as well. With both of their enemies defeated,
Doran and Jackson devised a mutually satisfactory treaty. Its
tenets were simple enough, though the passing of but a few
decades proved them overly vague. Essentially, the land
treaty gave control of the bayous and swamplands to the
Lupines, while the territory and affairs of the city and the
mortal population within it were left to the Kindred. While
not all were satisfied, most Kindred and Lupines agreed to
abide by the treaty.

The Spanish Arrive

Despite all of his well-laid plans, however, the one thing
Doran could not control was international politics. The next
several decades saw the tides of the battle between Doran and
Cosa shift many more times. In 1760, Cosa sent word to Spain
of the trials he was suffering at the hands of the young French
Ventrue. A number of Idealist elders had followed Cosa's
progress in the new world with some interest, hoping that
once the territory gained some stability it would prove a safer
home for them than Spain. Seeing their own plans, as well as
Cosa's, being altered so drastically, the elders exerted their
own influence.

In 1763, at the end of the Seven Years War, the elders
caused France to cede all of the Louisiana Territory to Spain
as compensation for Spain's help in the war. The agreement
infuriated Doran and nearly stripped him of any influence in

the mortal government of the region. Most of his servants
were removed from their offices and replaced by Spanish
administrators, a fact that delighted Cosa.

Once again the Brujah seized the opportunity presented
to him and rose up against Doran, this time driving the
Ventrue from the city. While Cosa knew the battle was far
from over, the one thing neither Kindred had counted on was
yet another ally, the most unlikely of all, stepping forward on
the side of Doran. The French colonists who inhabited the
region were less than pleased with the mandate that they
were now Spanish subjects and expected to obey Spanish
laws. In 1768 they revolted and ousted the new governor as
well as most of the other Spanish officials.

From 1768 to 1769, the colony operated as a free terri-
tory. Doran began to reestablish his power in New Orleans.
His struggle to regain his city was short-lived, however. In
1769 Count Alexander O'Reilly arrived from Spain with a
fleet of 24 Spanish Man-O- Wars to quell the uprising in the
colony and return it to Spanish rule.

O'Reilly slew a number of Doran's Retainers and put
down the revolt, but Cosa still could not destroy the Ventrue.
From his haven in the bayous, Doran exerted what control he
could over the city. Trying to negate Doran's influence, Cosa
made his final mistake. He curtailed trade with any country
other than Spain, thus theoretically preventing Doran from
obtaining outside aid.

20 New Orleans by Night


The new governor, de Unzago, knew such an order could
spell economic disaster for the colony, but felt powerless to
change it. Knowing the city's plight and de Unzago's frustra-
tion, Doran came to the governor one night and suggested
that perhaps between them they might be able to help the
city. Doran still owned many of the wharves along the river
and offered their use to de Unzago to bring in contraband.

By 1788, half of the goods imported and exported by the
colony were from or to England. It did not take Cosa long to
notice, or to discover who was behind the illegal trading. The
Brujah exploded in a murderous rage, deciding it was time to
destroy his rival once and for all. Gathering his ghouls, Cosa
sent them to find Doran's haven and burn it to the ground.
Doran had abandoned his haven in the French Quarter years
ago, but not without leaving behind enough evidence to
convince Cosa's henchmen that they had found his lair.
Unfortunately, a strong wind caught the fire the ghouls set
and spread it out of control throughout the French Quarter.
Before the fire was brought under control, 856 houses blazed
in a holocaust that destroyed 80 percent of the city.

The catastrophe nearly sealed Cosa's fate. More Kindred
had come to the area over the years, supporting one or the
other combatant. Now New Orleans' vampires were almost
unanimous in their opposition to the Brujah. Unfortunately,
Doran could not take immediate advantage of their anger.

In 1790, Doran returned to France to help his sire
survive the French Revolution. Cosa hoped Doran's absence
would allow him to take complete control of the city, but
Doran had left a number of his Retainers to maintain his
influence, which they did with surprising efficiency. Addi-
tionally, Doran did not remain in Europe as long as Cosa had
anticipated he would. He returned to New Orleans within
the year.

The battles between Cosa and Doran continued, while
the growing Kindred population struggled to maintain some
form of order. In 1794, disaster struck again as a second fire
burned through the newly built neighborhoods of the city,
destroying more than 200 homes. No one was sure who was
responsible, and both Cosa and Doran denied any responsi-
bility. Kindred speculation leaned toward Cosa, however,
and the other Kindred felt Cosa's henchmen had set the fire
in an attempt to kill Doran.

Even Cosa's allies in Spain began to see him as a loose
cannon. When the French, under Napoleon's rule and influ-
enced by Doran's sire, made their move to regain the city,
Cosa's allies did nothing to prevent the Treaty of San
Ildefonso. In 1801, France removed the Spanish governing
body, installing Pierre Laussat as governor. Seeing which way
the winds were blowing, Cosa fled the city again. Doran
began preparing for renewed hostilities, but had his own
plans upset once again.

Chapter Two: History 21


New Orleans by Night

The Louisiana Purchase

Doran knew that Louisiana and New Orleans had always
attracted a large number of people with magical powers, but
had never known why. He found out in 1803, when United
States President Thomas Jefferson approved the Louisiana
Purchase.

The purchase caught both Doran and his sire by surprise.
What surprised Doran even more were the number of mages
who flocked to the territory, and the influence they wielded
over its leaders. When his Lupine allies began telling him
that caerns around the territory were being raided for their
power, Doran began to understand why the mages had come.
A member of the Tremere later confirmed his suspicions,
saying that Louisiana had an amazing number of caerns for its
size, and that the power lines were also especially potent.

William C.C. Claiborne replaced Laussat as governor
and quickly established his own administration in the terri-
tory, filling positions with those loyal to him. Though Doran
could not prove it, he felt sure Claiborne was either an agent
of the mages or a cleverly manipulated pawn. Indeed, the
Prince of New Orleans had no success in trying to control the
new governor, and most of the governor's assistants were
equally impervious to his powers. Frustrated, Doran re-
doubled his efforts to control New Orleans' European
community, concentrating especially on Cosa's old allies.

This new conflict bore little resemblance to the one
Doran had been fighting for the last century. Indeed, most of
the time Doran could not tell whom, if anyone, he fought.
The only indications that things were not right lay in the
difficulty of manipulating the city's leaders and in the oppo-
sition his own pawns, like Mayor Nicholas Girod, met from
the Americans. There were no attacks, no fires and no
assaults on himself.

The Battle of New Orleans

Then, in 1814, Doran met his first mage. Esau Grymes
introduced himself at a party the governor threw — the first
to which Doran had been invited. Grymes, who called
himself a member of the Cult of Ecstasy, told Doran about an
ancient battle among the mages. Grymes and his allies had
instigated the Louisiana Purchase in hopes of taking control
of the state's magical resources, but had found themselves
countered by a number of different foes.

Grymes' enemies, whom he called Technomancers,
pervaded the territory, but had no power in New Orleans
itself. Now, however, they were trying to capture the city.
Aided by British soldiers, the Technomancers planned to
take the city, rape it of its magical treasures, and destroy it.

Then Grymes made his proposal. Doran had recently
solidified his control over the smugglers and privateers in the
bayous, and Grymes needed their help. The mages especially
needed the men and cannons held by Jean Lafitte, whom
Doran had only recently freed from Cosa's influence and
brought into his camp. In exchange, the mages were willing
to offer Doran complete control over the city's political and


cultural leadership. Both vampires and mages would pledge
themselves to remain uninvolved in the other group's affairs.

Doran took several months to weigh the offer (and, some
say, hear a counteroffer from the Technomancers). Finally,
in the first week of December 1814, he, Grymes and several
other mages met late one night in the Cabildo, the center of
government in New Orleans. Doran offered the mages his
assistance, and they sealed the pact with blood.

When the Technomancers and their British allies at-
tacked, Doran and the mages were more than ready. The
city's mages proved a match for the Technomancers, but
Doran's mortals proved their superiority to the British regu-
lars. Aided by some of the city's vampires, the British suffered
more than 2,600 casualties while the Americans lost less than
100 soldiers.

The Calm before the Storm

During all this time, Doran found no sign of Cosa. The
Prince sent some servants into the western swamps, but they
either did not find Cosa or met their ends at the claws of the
Lupines. Doran, however, remained vigilant, constantly
fortifying New Orleans to repel any attack Cosa might
mount. Cosa, however, had apparently vanished. To this
night there has been no further sign of the Spanish Brujah.

Between the Battle of New Orleans and the Civil War,
New Orleans' population grew at an amazing rate. By 1840
more than 100,000 people lived in the city itself, while others
lived in the surrounding environs. For the first time, the
area's Kindred population reached double digits. Much of the
city's growth came from its commerce; the port of New
Orleans was constantly filled with seagoing vessels and
tiverboats carrying sugar, molasses and cotton.

In the 1850s, this bloom came to a screeching halt. The
growth and prosperity of the city were suddenly dealt two
agonizing blows. The first took the form of disease. It seemed
the city was visited almost yearly by yellow fever, cholera or
typhus. Thousands of residents fell to these epidemics. Dur-
ing this time Doran began to realize how overpopulated with
Kindred the city had become. The vampires began fighting
over the remaining healthy citizens, and Doran watched his
dreams of a new Carthage begin to slip away.

A second blow came from the Lupines. A new pack
leader had taken over the Uktena tribe and was not nearly as
satisfied with the land treaty as Jackson had been. Since the
two sides had made the treaty, the mortals of New Orleans
had greatly expanded the city's borders, encompassing even
the Lupines' caern. Small suburbs had surrounded the city,
forcing the Lupines even farther from their territory. Doran
did nothing to stop this encroachment, for much of it was the
work of the mages, and the prince could honestly say he had
pledged himself to remain uninvolved.

The Uktena found themselves unable to defeat the
mages, though the mages found themselves unable to drain
the caern of its power. When the Lupines turned to Doran,
he promised them he would address the matter and see that

Chapter Two: History


New Orleans by Night

something was done. Over the years, however, the Lupines
only saw the city take firmer hold of their sacred land. The
new leader blamed the vampires for the problems and began
raiding the city at the same time the plagues hit.

By the time of the American Civil War, most of the city's
Kindred had fled New Orleans. New Orleans was no longer
a haven but a hardship, and many left to seek safety else-
where. In 1862, the city fell to Union forces. Having seen his
city survive disasters both natural and manmade, Doran
believed the end of the war to be a turning point for New
Orleans and was determined to make it so.

Regrowth

With help from his sire as well as his own finances,
Doran began to rebuild his city. In order to renew commerce,
he knew he had to create the illusion that New Orleans was
past its difficulties. But simply rebuilding homes and busi-
nesses did not settle all of the city's problems.

In the 1880s and ‘90s, the prince saw his city go through
economic booms and busts, corruption and reforms, labor
unrest and racial retrenchment. By the turn of the century,
the work Doran had done to reclaim New Orleans seemed to
pay off. The city's population passed the 200,000 mark, and
it again held status as the largest city in the South. Kindred
again began to view the city with a certain admiration.
Despite such episodes as the Storyville murders (see Geogra-
phy), an air of bright optimism hung over the city until the
1930s.

The Great Depression, however, spared no city in North
America. Ports which once never seemed to stand idle were
abandoned. By the time World War II came, New Orleans'
population was again dropping and Kindred were leaving for
more promising lands.

Prince Marcel

In the 1950s, New Orleans' economy began to heal and
Doran once again began to implement his designs for the city.
He decided to use the occasion of the anniversary of his 250th
year in Louisiana to enact his final plan for the city, harmo-
niously uniting mortals and vampires without the deceptive
veil of the Masquerade. Doran knew he would need strong
supporters behind him before he revealed his plan to the
other Kindred in the city.

During the next several weeks the prince began to
choose his allies, including a young Ventrue named Marcel
who had worked for years as one of Doran's spies. The others
he chose to share in his final plans were elders who had stayed
by his side throughout the years and had seen him guide the
city through some of its most difficult periods. Once he had
his supporters assembled, the Prince presented the basics of
his final plan to other elders in the city.

Doran showed no surprise at the reaction his idea evoked.
He had anticipated that even his most staunch supporters
would balk at the idea and was prepared to give them time to
adjust while he continued to present its merits. Unfortu-


The Mages

During this time of regrowth, Doran began to
realize what little control he had over Louisiana as a
whole. Northern Louisiana had completely escaped his
control, and he had only limited influence over the
western part of the state. Indeed, vampiric influence
over the state as a whole was minor, and was concen-
trated in New Orleans and Baton Rouge.

Doran soon realized that despite the victory in the
Battle of New Orleans, the mages known as
Technomancers had taken control of much of the state.
They had pillaged caerns and other mystical sites,
draining the magickal energies to fuel their creations.
They still controlled the political and financial institu-
tions in the areas they had defiled, however, and Doran
often found himself at odds with their pawns.

He soon realized that there were schisms among
the Technomancers. He became sure of this in the
1920s and ‘30s, when he began to hear about a "Syndi-
cate" of mages operating in southern Louisiana. Doran
himself had little influence over the rise of Huey Long,
a politician who shook the state to its core.

Indeed, it came as a shock to the Prince of New
Orleans when Huey Long, then one of Louisiana's
senators, had martial law declared in New Orleans. The
events were limited to matters of state politics, an area
Doran knew mages controlled. The Prince of New
Orleans, still in control of much of the city govern-
ment, watched Long with interest, hoping to use the
mortal in any way he could.

Doran was aware that the Syndicate hated Long. It
came as no surprise when Long was assassinated. It did
surprise him that Long had been working with other
Technomancers in northern Louisiana, and that the
politician had been slain by yet another group of mages
called the Progenitors.

During this time, Carter established the N.O.S.T.F.
Doran never ascertained just which mages made this
possible but usually blames the Syndicate. Indeed, the
New Orleans police have never had much success
against the city's powerful organized crime rings.

nately, he never got the time he had counted on. Within
weeks of his announcement, Prince Doran was dead, mur-
dered by an unknown assailant.

Seizing the opportunity, Marcel moved quickly to estab-
lish himself as Doran's successor, securing his post through
the use of Doran's spy network. Marcel had little trouble
gaining the network's support and using it to seek out any
who might oppose him. He found a scapegoat for the murder
— the leader of the Gangrel clan, though many thought he
had been Doran'sally. Marcel spread rumors that the Gangrel's

rm
On

Chapter Two: History

jealousy of Doran's position had fueled a growing animosity
between the two and led to the assassination.

Some say the city elders declared a Blood Hunt on the
Gangrel before Marcel was crowned, while others insist that
Marcel himself called it to avenge the death of Doran (or
cover his own part in the murder). The question of who called
the Blood Hunt soon became irrelevant; it was carried out
before its victim even knew his fate had been decided.

When the chaos surrounding Doran's death receded
somewhat, Marcel found himself confronted by many of the
problems Doran had left behind, as well as the night-to-night
problems of trying to rule a city the size of New Orleans.
Marcel left things much as they were in regard to the city's
power and social structure. The line, however, was firmly
drawn at the beginning of Doran's last great step for his city.
Marcel firmly espoused the Masquerade. Thus he won the
support of many of New Orleans' elders.

ANew Reign

Marcel's next challenge was the area's Lupines. Shortly
after Doran's death, Uktenaand Black Spiral Dancers emerged
from the bayous to see with whom and what they were now

forced to contend. The Ukrena also expressed concern that

their land treaty would no longer be respected and that
Marcel would not make the changes they needed to recover
Wert Caen.

The tribe's leader had only begun negotiations with
Doran when the old vampire was murdered. Now the tribe's
leader came before the new Prince of New Orleans to remind
him of the agreement; Marcel, however, continually put him
off. Today the matter is far from settled. The caern still
remains in the hands of the vampires, a sacrilege to the
Lupines. They have given up negotiating any changes but do
not have enough strength to do more than raid the vampires'
holdings. Most of their energy is devoted to battling the Black
Spiral Dancers.

Marcel warns new vampires to avoid the bayous, but
does little more to oppose the Lupines. Most of his energies
are devoted to maintaining his control of the city. Indeed, he
has discovered that every time he begins to look outside New
Orleans, new crises force him to refocus on the city. For
instance, while Doran might have been able to integrate the
city painlessly, Marcel made no effort to stop the forces of
segregation. As a result, extremely vicious race riots broke
out in 1960 as whites attacked anyone they thought might
favor desegregation. Marcel has publicly blamed mages for
the violence, but younger Kindred blame Marcel.

There is no denying that the mages still exert a great deal
of control over the state government. When Marcel began
trying to exert more authority over the state legislature in the
early 1980s, reform politicians took over in New Orleans and

Marcel had to scramble to maintain his power.

26 New Orleans by N


146 BC
133 BC

37 BC

AD 1471
Early 1600s
1699

1705

1713

1716

1718
1736
1743

1755

1763
1768
1768-69
1769
1788
1790

1794
1801
1803
1815
1838
1862
1866

1915-1916
1928

1960

1993

Timeline

Destruction of Carthage.

Gaius goes to France.

Gaius settles in Aquitania.

Doran Embraced.

Doran comes to U.S.

Bienville first comes to site of New Orleans.
Doran comes to New Orleans.

Bienville is ousted from the governorship
of the Louisiana Territory; Cadillac takes
over.

Bienville defeats Natchez tribe and is rees-
tablished as governor of territory.

New Orleans formally established.
Bienville defeats Chickasaws.

Bienville returns to Europe. Cosa attacks
again and is defeated.

Black Spiral Dancers from Arcadia come
to Louisiana Territory and settle in bayous
near city.

France cedes Louisiana Territory to Spain.
Cosa comes into power.

Colonists revolt and oust Spanish officials.
Doran reclaims territory.

Revolt put down and Cosa usurps power.
First major fire destroys 80 percent of the city.
Doran leaves New Orleans, but returns later
in the year. Continuing battles between
Cosa and Doran.

Second fire destroys large part of city.
Last official sighting of Cosa. Louisiana
territory ceded back to France.

Mages manipulate selling of territory to U.S.
Battle of New Orleans. Technomancers
launch assault in attempt to take city, but
are defeated by Doran and his allies.
First Mardi Gras.

Civil War ends for New Orleans. Doran
begins rebuilding city.

Marcel Embraced. Depression hits New
Orleans port economy.

Storyville murders.

Huey Long elected governor of Louisiana,
becomes senator in 1932 and is assassi-
nated in 1935.

Doran is murdered and Marcel takes over
as prince.

Riots break out in New Orleans as whites
try to stop desegregation.

Fire at New Orleans Fairgrounds is linked
to mages.

Despite the setbacks, however, most Kindred feel that
for the past four decades Marcel has ruled New Orleans well
and kept the peace his predecessor established. New Orleans
maintains itself as a refugee city, and Kindred from around
the world visit regularly.

Mage War

Marcel himself is not so certain that he can maintain the
peace. Doran had little understanding of what the city's
mages were up to; Marcel has even less. What he does know
indicates that all is not well. Indeed, he suspects the mages
may soon drag the entire city into their battles.

While signs have pointed to this for several years, Marcel
became most concerned on December 17, 1993, when a fire
broke out at the New Orleans Fairgrounds — considered
Elysium by the Kindred. At first Marcel thought it might be
an attack on himself, for most New Orleans vampires knew
of his interest in the famous horse racetrack. Then he began
receiving disturbing reports from his spies.

Several known mages were seen near the fairgrounds
shortly before the fire. At least one was seen leaving the
fairgrounds right after the fire starred, though the spy's
attempt to follow him met with the most unlucky coinci-
dences. Finally, Marcel has heard that members of several
different mage groups, including the Syndicate, have begun
casting covetous glances at lands owned by New Orleans
resident mages. The more Marcel sees, the more he fears.

Chapter Two: History 27



This is where the wild dogs are
This is where the fire bombs fall
Infant angels burn the universe
Hellbent on blood suck each other.
— James Hall, "Trouble in Paradise"

The citizens of New Orleans seem to have made a
conscious effort to avoid giving their neighborhoods definite
boundaries. Neighborhood characteristics can change within
afew blocks. Antique colonial estates can give way to modern
hotels and traffic-jammed roads; bayous can change to open
waterways; a brightly lit, screaming boulevard lined with bars
can, with little warning, turn into a peaceful, quiet residential
area. Thus is the seemingly limitless diversity of New Orleans
laid out for those who visit.

When describing New Orleans, it is perhaps best to start
with the French Quarter. This is not only the best-known
part of New Orleans, but it is the section most popular with
Kindred. Members of almost every clan can be found in the
French Quarter at night, drawn there by the easy prey found
among the many bars and clubs.

The French
Quarter

Canal Street to the south, Rampart Street to the west,
Esplanade Avenue to the north and the Mississippi River to
the east: these landmarks surround the section of New
Orleans known to locals as the Vieux Carre and to visitors as
the French Quarter.

Culturally it is one of the best-preserved spectacles of
early French colonialism remaining in America. It isa dream
out of the past, framed by wrought-iron banner-rails and tall,
wooden shutters over doors and windows alike. Ir is a link to
the past, and this alone renders the French Quarter attractive
to the Kindred population.

SE

Chapter Three: Ge


o

SNVI1HO
MAN

Kindred
Territory

\mesheuanswpcaxcenantits

cee
Mowuain Meh -
pain: oe

aa

JOUISIQ UBPAED "GL
JOLEND YyoUas4 "Ph
Anas 1S [PUBD "EL
Aujaj arty UOSYORL "Z|
Auiaj 1S BuBIsno] "44
podury Juowaye)
SUBBIQ MON ‘OL
Yodury peuoneusajuy

abaljog ssolp |

AJOH By} jo APET IND "8 |
WetsNoTIS *L
spunosbe4 "9

9 SIN07 1S

SalISiaAluy

SURBLIO MAN °6

BJA} 9 aURIN| "|


= WILE

Ni LLL

, }
ossman

Business and residential areas juxtapose in this 6-by-12
block area. To the south, near Canal Street, one can find the
nightclub district of the French Quarter, with its bars and jazz
clubs. As one moves toward Esplanade Avenue to the north,
however, the area becomes unmistakably residential — not
so much as a liquor store is in sight. Even the most notorious
avenue in the French Quarter, Bourbon Street, becomes
almost disquietingly residential the farther one travels past
Canal Street.

Even the residential areas feature stark contrasts. Though
most of the French Quarter has been restored, some parts still
Temain in states of gross disrepair, mostly the areas between
Decatur and Chartres Streets on the north side. Still, these
areas are more the exceptions than the rule. Unlike most
inner-city areas, the French Quarter is neither dirty nor
unkempt. On the contrary, it is one of the cleanest areas of
the entire city.

Street sweepers make their rounds on a regular schedule;
shop owners, barkeepers and residents alike take great pride
in preserving their storefronts and homes. This can explain
the noticeable lack of vandalism in both the business and
residential districts of the French Quarter, but can also lead
tourists into a false sense of security. The area is far from
crime-free and can be extremely dangerous for the unwary,
especially at night or during Mardi Gras.

The French
Quarter

1. Jackson Square
2. The Cabildo
3. The French Market
4. Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop
5. Old U.S. Mint
6. Old New Orleans Court Building
7. Jax Brewery
8. Storyville Jazz Hall
9. Preservation Hall
10. Le Petit Theatre
11. The Lamp Light
12. New Orleans Jazz
13. Twilight Club

During these times, mortals are in danger not only from
their own, but from the Kindred as well. Many clan leaders
have their headquarters and meeting places in the French
Quarter. Additionally, the bright lights and loud music lure
Brujah, Malkavians, Toreador and Ravnos.

Perhaps the one thing the French Quarter lacks, most
noticeably in the residential districts, is the presence of any
lawns. The close proximity of the buildings make such a
luxury impossible, but also gives rise to one of the better-
known and most beautiful features of the French Quarter —
its courtyard gardens. Nearly every house in the area boasts
one of these tranquil, intimate gardens, often hidden from
public view behind ornamental, wrought-iron gates.

Decatur Street

Several principal thoroughfares run through the French
Quarter. Decatur Street runs near the docks by the Missis-
sippi River. The street is one of the roughest and most
dangerous areas in New Orleans. Assamites and Ravnos
wander the dock areas, as do Malkavians, several of whom are
even rumored to use the storage warehouses as havens. Near
the south end of the street is the old Jax Brewery, now a three-
section shopping and entertainment complex. In the third
section of the building is the New Orleans Hard Rock Cafe.

Chapter Three: Geography


Chartres Street

West of Decatur Street is Chartres Street, which runs by
the west side of Jackson Square. At its south end is the usual
assortment of bars, open-air jazz clubs and restaurants. The
north end, conforming to most of the French Quarter, is
residential, and New Orleans' Kindred own several houses
here. Though they may not live there, the houses often serve
as guest houses for acquaintances who come to town.

Royal Street

Royal Street, just above Chartres Street, is the second
most famous street in the French Quarter. It is lined with
some of the most beautiful houses in the city, though their
histories are rarely as pleasant as their facades. One particu-
larly infamous house is the Lalaurie house. Dr. Lalaurie and
his family lived in the three-story structure from 1825 until
1834, when they were driven from the city after it was
discovered that Dr. Lalaurie's wife cruelly starved and tor-
tured many of her slaves. The ghosts of slaves who died in the
house have reportedly been seen. The most common sighting
is of a young girl who leaped to her death from the roof of the
house to escape her mistress.

Another important location on Royal Street is the first
fireproof structure in the city, constructed in the early 1800s
at 318 Royal Street. Prince Doran used the basement as an
alternate haven for years, but abandoned it at the beginning
of the 20th century.

A final historic site is at the corner of Royal Street and
St. Louis Street, where the City Exchange once stood on land
that is now a parking lot. Almost immediately after the
Exchange's opening in 1838, it became one of New Orleans'
most fashionable meeting places, and many of the most
prominent socials of the season were held. It was not unusual
to find several Kindred attending these gatherings.

Some suspect it was this fact that triggered the fire that
gutted the City Exchange in 1841. Several anarchs allegedly
set fire to the building during a masquerade ball, hoping to
trap the elders attending that night. The elders managed to
escape, however, and their retributive strike eliminated a
number of the South's leading anarchs. To this day, few
anarchs actually live in the city, through many arrive for
Mardi Gras.

After the fire, the City Exchange was remodeled and
reopened as the St. Louis Hotel, one of the most luxurious
hotels in New Orleans, though some Kindred claimed the
ghosts of those who died in the fire haunted the hotel. It was
finally razed in 1914, and no new structure was ever built on
the spot.

The business district side of Royal Street is famous for its
assortment of antique and book shops. Perhaps the best-
known shop is at 333 Royal Street, in a building that served
as the first U.S. Post Office in the New Orleans. Now it is Nez
Coupé Books, specializing in rare books, documents and old

New Orleans by Night


maps. Ventrue and Tremere tend to patronize it more than
other Kindred and enjoy perusing these reminders of earlier
days.

At 400 Royal Street is the New Orleans Court Building,
housing the Supreme Court, Court of Appeals, Civil District
and City Courts, and records of real-estate transactions from
throughout New Orleans history.

Bourbon Street

Above Royal Strect stretches what is probably the most
notorious thoroughfare in the French Quarter. Indeed, its
very name has become synonymous with the city of New
Orleans — Bourbon Street. Despite Bourbon Street's reputa-
tion, however, the brightly lit, raucous, nightclub- and
bar-filled southern district of the street fills only the first half-
dozen blocks. The closer one gets to Esplanade Avenue, the
more residential the area becomes, until the only lights are
those on the street corners and the only sounds are the fading
thythms of the jazz bands down the street.

Of course, the first few blocks are the most famous, as
well as the part where the greatest number of Kindred
congregate. In the late night hours, members of almost every
clan in the city can be found here. Toreador, who greatly
favor the jazz clubs and sit in with the bands, appear regularly.
Indeed, in the jazz world, no one questions someone who
appears only after sunset, disappears in the early morning,

and is never scen otherwise.

Bourbon Street's festive atmosphere lures Kindred for
the easy hunting as well as the bright lights and loud music.
From sundown to dawn, the strip clubs, bars and nightclubs
overflow with patrons, who often spill out onto the streets.
Each day at sundown, city workers close Bourbon Street to
automobile traffic. They accomplish this by setting large,
thick steel posts in the street, allowing the clubgoers to
wander the street in safety. Most of the bars and clubs feature
panels that are rolled up to expose the bar to the street.

Although a number of clubs stay open 24 hours a day,
seven days a week, most close fora few hours each day, usually
between dawn and late morning. They open when the
tourists return to the French Quarter. In those early morning
hours, the once brightly lit French Quarter assumes a tired,
faded look. Many of the club and bar owners use these hours
to sweep out the remnants of the previous evening's festivi-
ties. Workers hose off steps and sidewalks while the sounds of
the outer city echo down the channels of empty streets.
Vagrants and those too drunk to make it home can often be
found in small alleyways between shops, sleeping in old
blankets orrags. As twilight redescends, however, the French
Quarter quickly sheds its daytime image and slips back into

its carnival atmosphere.

Chapter Three: Geography

33

34

Rampart Street

On the west side of the French Quarter is Rampart
Street, also favored by the Kindred because of its easy prey. A
divided, two-lane road, Rampart Street is known for the
prostitutes, pushers and junkies who regularly hang out there.

Jackson Square and the French
Market

Two other French Quarter landmarks hold a certain
amount of fame. One of these is Jackson Square, popular
among Kindred as the best-known Elysium in the city. The
other is the French Market — one of the few places in New
Orleans that Kindred strictly avoid. Both are located just off
Decatur Street.

Jackson Square, often dubbed the heart of the French
Quarter, hosted most of New Orleans' early town gatherings,
and planners built the city around it. By day, musicians,
jugglers and a host of other street performers roam its con-
fines. By night it hosts tourists, locals and, of course, the
Kindred. Indeed, until recently, the Gangrel Justicar Xaviar
held at least part of the proceedings of his regular Conclaves
in Jackson Square.

The Kindred of New Orleans usually meet cither in
Jackson Square proper or in the nearby Cabildo, one of three
large buildings in Jackson Square. The original structure,
which served as the seat of Spanish rule, was destroyed in the
fire that swept through the French Quarter in 1788. At the
time, rumor had it that Cosa set the fire and that the target
had not been Doran's haven, but the Cabildo, where Doran
had planned to meet a number of Kindred allies from France.

The city rebuilt the Cabildo shortly after the fire, only to
see itagain burn down when another fire struck New Orleans
in 1794. Rebuilt yet again, it served as the center of govern-
ment for the Spanish, French and Americans before becoming
a museum in 1911. Doran continued to use back rooms to
conduct much of his business until 1988, when a four-alarm
fire broke out in the building. Though most of the historical
pieces were saved, the top floor and roof were destroyed.
Although nothing was ever proved, some Kindred maintain
that the fire occurred on the same night Justicar Xaviar had
scheduled a meeting in its upper floor.

Cafe du Monde marks the beginning of the French
Market, a combination of renovated buildings and open-air
markets extending several blocks along Decatur Street,
French Market Place and North Peters Street. Tradition
claims it to be the site of an old Choctaw Indian trading post
where the natives sold wild herbs and berries to the settlers.
It holds the distinction of being one of the oldest institutions
in New Orleans. For more than 150 years its shops, sheds and
stalls have sold the best fruits, spices and fish in New Orleans.
The Kindred claim that mages regularly frequent the French
Market, perhaps seeking special herbs there.

New Orleans by Night

Storyville

Though now subsumed within the residential areas of
Basin and Bienville Streets, where today the Iberville hous-
ing project stands, the notorious brothels of Storyville were
once located in the northwest corner of the French Quarter.
Brothels lined such streets as Burgundy, Bienville, Dauphine,
St. Louis and Conti, though eventually the Red Light Dis-
trict was narrowed down to Basin, Contiand Iberville Streets.

Doran had allowed the creation of this area to permit
easy feeding for the Kindred. However, most of New Orleans'
resident vampires considered Storyville déclassé and avoided
the area except when desperate, instead leaving it to new-
comers and visitors.

In the early 1900s, a refugee came to New Orleans who
was, unknown to Doran, also a renegade from one of the
northern cities. Fleeing a Blood Hunt, the renegade came to
New Orleans, where he committed a series of gruesome
killings. Soon the area of the city once known only for its long
list of vices began to gain notoriety for a growing number of
bloodless corpses.

Though the renegade was eventually stopped, Doran felt
the refugees had failed in their duty to report such a creature
in their midst. Punishment for their crime was the destruc-
tion of Storyville in 1917. Though most of Storyville's
residents are long gone, one still remains, an unliving testi-
mony to the evil that once plagued the area.

In the early 1900s, no New Orleans prostitute was better
known than Mariline. Of French ancestry, she was favored by
anumber of the city's most powerful and influential men. She
had even left the brothel from which she had once operated
and began working for herself.

One cold winter night in 1916, as Mariline hurried home
from visiting a friend in the Red Light District, she ran into
aman who appeared out of nowhere. As she made some brief
apology and continued on her way, the man grabbed her,
dragged into a side alleyway and silently but horribly mur-
dered her.

With the closing of Storyville, Doran thought to put
horrors like this behind him. A few years later, however,
stories began to circulate of a ghost seen wandering near the
site of the old Red Light District. Mortals who saw her
described her as resembling Mariline. Kindred had a more
intense experience.

Vampires who saw the ghost said they felt compelled to
follow it, lured by an overpowering smell of blood. The girl
would enter a dark back street, where she would suddenly
thrash as though fighting some unseen attacker. Ectoplasmic
blood would spurt from a deep cut in her throat. Then the
vision would vanish, disappearing soundlessly into the night.

At first Doran ignored the reports, but soon they became
an annoyance and a blatant reminder of the renegade. Doran
decreed that no Kindred should feed in the old Red Light
District; most Kindred residents follow this rule even though

Chapter Three: Geography


Louisiana

The
Garden
District

Jackson Ave.

Magazine

Doran is gone. Mariline, however, does not seem content to
be forgotten by the species that caused her death.

Since her death, Mariline has developed new ways to
lure Kindred to the forbidden area. Over the years the bloody
odor Mariline exudes has grown stronger and stronger until
it is all but impossible for any vampire to resist it. Doran's
recurring fear is that a witch-hunter will discover Mariline
and use her powers to catch and destroy the undead.

The Hive

Another important landmark for visitors isCanal Street,
which runs from the Mississippi River to Lake Ponchartrain.
Canal Street is one of the brightest and widest streets in the
United States. A center lane for public transportation di-
vides the road. Some of the tallest buildings in the city,
including several hotels, line the street.

If one stands on Canal Street and faces away from the
Mississippi, the upscale section called "Uptown" extends to
the left. On the right is Downtown. This area includes the
French Quarter, the Central Business District (CBD), the
riverfront and many of the city's bars, jazz clubs and cultural
attractions.

ew Orleans by Night

Uptown

New Orleans' more prominent elders tend to make their
havens either in isolated plantation homes on the outskirts of
the city or in the best-known section of the uptown area, the
Garden District. This elegant, picturesque part of the city is
bordered by St. Charles Avenue, Jackson Avenue, Louisiana
Avenue, and Magazine Street.

After the United States bought New Orleans, U.S.
citizens moving to the city built the Garden District after
being snubbed by the older residents. The newcomers con-
sciously rejected the city's Creole flavor and established an
area decidedly their own. The towering colonial mansions
with their lavish, spacious lawns contrast sharply with the
cloistered patios of the French Quarter. Many of the houses
still standing date back to the 1830s. This area includes many
of New Orleans' parks, universities, churches and expensive
residential areas, as well as havens for most of the city's elders.

One of the longest and most impressive of the Uptown
thoroughfares is St. Charles Avenue. The St. Charles Av-
enue Streetcar runs the entire length of the avenue from
Canal Street to Riverbend, where St. Charles becomes
Carrollton Avenue. The first few blocks of St. Charles
Avenue are strictly business areas. Once travelers cross
Jackson Avenue, however, they find themselves in one of the
city's most elegant residential areas.


Brujah, Toreador and Ravnos tend to avoid the Uptown
area, leaving it to the Ventrue and Tremere elders. The most
popular gathering places of the Kindred that live in the
Uptown section are the Pontchartrain Hotel on St. Charles
Avenue, LeMoyne's Landing on Riverwalk, and Tipitina's
on Napoleon Avenue.

Downtown

Downtown, originally the Creole section of New Or-
leans, has its heart in the Faubourg Marigny neighborhood.
The neighborhood came into existence when a plantation
owner named Marigny settled his gambling debts to then-
Prince Doran by selling him plantation land by the French
Quarter.

Two main thoroughfares cross the downtown area. One
is Elysian Fields Avenue, the busiest street in the area. Bars
and nightclubs line its southern end, and commercial build-
ings extend along much of its length. Elysian Fields also
crosses several railroad tracks and bisects some of the rough-
estand poorest neighborhoods in New Orleans. Refugees and
anarchs often maintain havens in these areas. Abandoned
houses, storehouses, and old brick buildings offer perfect

hideaways for Brujah and others.

Esplanade Avenue, the other main Downtown thor-
oughfare, contrasts heavily with Elysian Fields. The tree-lined
roadway forms the north boundary of the French Quarter,
munning from the river to Bayou St. John and terminating at
City Park. Unlike the thoroughfares in the French Quarter,
Esplanade Avenue goes strictly through residential areas,
and some of New Orleans' finer, older middle-class homes
linethe road. Even Dutch, the city's Brujah leader, is rumored
to have a haven in one of the older houses.

City Park, at the end of the Esplanade, is one of the largest
parks in the United States and was once the city's most popular
dueling spot. Today, both Lupines and Kindred claim the area,
though mages seem to be its most frequent visitors. Unknown
tothe vampires, the werewolves seek to reclaim a caern in the
park, but have been blocked by both mages and Kindred.

The Bayou St. John runs the entire length of City Park's
east side, leads to Lake Pontchartrain and is the only remaining
bayou in New Orleans. The house from which the Voodoo
Queen Marie Laveau ran her cult was rumored to be near the

bayou'snorth end. Vampires usually use the bayou asa dumping
site for the body of any Lupine caught within the city's bound-
aries. What they don't know, however, is that the Uktena tribe
ofwerewolves have always considered the bayoua burial ground

anyway, and claim it as land sacred to the Garou.

Downtown also has a number of nightspots favored by
the Kindred. Brujah like to collect vessels at City Lights, a
popular dance club on Howard Avenue and S. Peters Street.
Visiting and local Gangrel often pick up their meals on
Magazine Street at Michaul's Live Cajun Music Restaurant.
Toreador occasionally sit in at the Storyville Jazz Hall,
though they tend to prefer hunting amid the Arts District just
west of the French Quarter.

The Mississippi ‘%

In its early years, New Orleans relied heavily on the
Mississippi for much of its commerce. Older Kindred remem-
ber the glory days of the antebellum, when flatboats and
steamships constantly plied up and down the river. The river
trade peaked in the 1850s, however, and has been declining
ever since, for faster and more cost-efficient ways to transport
goods have been found. Still, the river remains a large source
of income for New Orleans. Barges from as far away as New
York City and Montreal dock at New Orleans' ports, and
more than 70 barge lines, some owned by Cainites, still
operate on the river.

Muddy and opaque, the river stretches half a mile wide
from bank to bank at New Orleans. Huey Long is often
credited for having the first bridge built across the New
Orleans part of the river; before 1935 travelers relied solely on
the ferries to take them across. This had helped the Kindred
by keeping them separate from the Lupines. Most Ukrena
chose to live in the bayou lands south of the river, while
others tried to hold onto some of their territory on the lake,
City Park and Bayou St. John. The river divided the two
groups, making it very difficult for the werewolves on the lake
to help their brothers across the river in times of need.

Today two major bridges cross the Mississippi River in
the Greater New Orleans area. One is the Mississippi River
Bridge, also known as the GNO Bridge, which opened in
1958. A little more than two miles long, it can easily be seen
from Canal Street near the French Quarter. The other is the
Huey P. Long Bridge, built 10 miles above the city limits; this
bridge is four and a half miles long. Unlike the GNO Bridge,
the Huey P. Long Bridge was built not only to accommodate
traffic, but to facilitate the railroad as well. Neither bridge is
much help to the Lupines, who were driven from the lakefront
to the opposite side of the Inner Harbor Navigational Canal
before the bridges were opened.

The Port of New Orleans
The port of New Orleans actually covers 50 miles of
ippi. Within this vast network

water frontage on the Missi
of river docks and wharves are dozens of public warehouses
and several cold-storage plants. Of the docks, 43 are state
controlled. Prince Marcel and other Ventrue own many of
the remainder. A few belong to the Setites, but are fronted for
them by mortals. It is from these docks that the Setites run
theirsmuggling operations, bringing in not only other Ameri-
can Kindred, but members of their own clan from Haiti.
To the east of the city is the Industrial Canal, which
divides into two separate waterways two miles north of the
city. One branch heads east, becoming the Mississippi River
Gulf Outlet Canal. The other continues north as the Inner
Harbor Navigation Canal and is approximately three miles

long.

Chapter Three: Geography 37


No other part of New Orleans is so dangerous at night as
the docks. Kindred, however, find the docks a good place to
seek out information. Some of the Kindred who hang out at
the docks are newcomers awaiting a decision as to whether or
not they can stay. Others have been denied that right but
have chosen to stay in the city anyway. Of course, the prince,
Ventrue, Setites, mages and other forces have their spies in
the area.

Newcomers do not have an easy time gaining accep-
tance or trust from those already there. Kindred in these areas
are extremely cautious. Prince Marcel punishes any associa-
tion with refugee or fugitive members of the Kindred dock
society, exiling the offender from New Orleans.

Lake
Pontchartrain

Pierre le Moyne, Sieur d' Iberville, discovered Lake
Pontchartrain and named it for the French Minister of
Marine. Despite its — 600 square miles (40 miles long
and 24 miles wide) —- the lake is more trouble than help to
shipping, for it is only 16 feet at its deepest point. Traders and
shippers once did as best they could with the lake; it was a

more direct route to the Gulf of Mexico than was the
Mississippi River.

Le

This ended when Prince Doran managed to get the
Inner Harbor Navigation Canal and the Intercoastal Canal
built, thus making New Orleans more easily accessible to
Gulf of Mexico shipping. Smugglers quickly found the two
canals extremely useful.

Jntil the mid- 1950s, there was no way to cross the lake,
and travelers were forced to contend with the long drive
around it to get to the other side. One of Doran's last acts
before his assassination was to have a causeway constructed
to link New Orleans with Mandeville across the lake.

Mandeville, on higher land north of the city, came into
existence during the epidemics that swept New Orleans
during the 1800s. The north shore became viewed as a
healthy area where the fever epidemics were nearly un-
known. Those able moved to the towns on the north shore
and stayed there until the fever outbreak subsided. This
somewhat seasonal migration ofa large portion of the popula-
tion did not improve the living situation for many of the city's
Kindred.

While the north end of Lake Pontchartrain is somewhat
residential, the southern part has become more recreational.
The west end and coastal areas support some of the finer
resort areas in southern Louisiana; Marcel controls at least
one of these.

38 New Orleans by Night

[10] Interstate Highway

90! United States Highway |

Center of Area
of Influence
of Lupines —

Lake
Pontchartrain

Center of Area of Influence
of Black Spiral Dancers

Center of Area
of Influence
of Wererats

Center of Area
of Influence
of Kindred

GULF OF MEXICO


. The Cemeteries

Another of New Orleans' most famous attractions
contrasts heavily with its brightly lit boulevards and night-
clubs — its cemeteries. Nothing in all of North America can
compare with the macabre, yet haunting beauty of New
Orleans' cemeteries. Even those in disrepair or decaying
into ruin still have a charm uniquely their own.

All graves in New Orleans are aboveground; attempts
to dig six feet down end with the grave filling with water
(this is the same reason the city lacks a subw:
system). Instead, bodies are laid to rest in mausoleums,

y OY sewer

crypts or other aboveground containers. In many cases,
bodies are disinterred after a few years and new ones put in
their places.

These cities-within-a-city of whitewashed rectangular
stone monuments can be found throughout New Orleans.
Many of the older cemeteries have long-neglected areas,
open vaults and graves that make perfect havens for desper-
ate vampires. Kindred seeking refuge in New Orleans can
find temporary havens in these necropoli, so long as they
follow the prince's rules.

Many cemeteries have become unlikely battlegrounds
between Kindred and mages. Mages visit them for their own
reasons and have objected to Kindred emptying old tombs
for their needs. Doran managed to keep the conflict to a
minimum, but Marcel has had no such luck. Refugees

*
i

continue to flock to the area and find cemeteries easy, if
morbid, havens. The following are the ones most used by
mages.

The St. Louis Cemeteries (1, I] and HI) are among the
best known in the city. St. Louis | was the first to be built.
Located on Basin and St. Louis Streets, it is mow surrounded
by buildings and roads. A high, thick wall separates the
cemetery from a housing project built behind it. Inside the
walls are some of the oldest tombs in New Orleans, many
dating back to the mid-1700s.

The tombs are arranged in no great order, and most of
the paths are shells with a few grassy aisles. There are very
few shrubs or trees and very little grass left. Many of the
society tombs (multiple vaults built by mutual benefit
groups for their members) rise far above the enclosing wall,
though individual tombs are often quite small. There are,
however, exceptions. The tomb of New Orleans' Voodoo
Queen, Marie Laveau (in
plaster brick. All surfaces of Laveau's tomb are marked with
X's and littered with pennies left by visitors seeking good
luck.

St. Louis II, established in 1823, is located down the

Louis I), isa monolith of white

road from St. Louis I, on Claiborne Street between Canal
and St. Louis Streets. Originally the cemetery was con-
structed far from the city, because people then believed that
some of the diseases plaguing the city, such as yellow fever
and cholera, were spread by "miasmas," or marsh vapors,

40 New Orleans by Night

that emanated from the cemeteries. By the present day,
however, the city has enveloped the cemetery.

S

Louis III is on Esplanade Avenue near Bayou St.
John. Vampires generally avoid making the place a haven,
fearing the cemetery's proximity to the bayou and Lupine
territory. Additionally, the city's main police complex is
just to the west of the cemetery, and the N.O.S.T.F. makes
its headquarters there.

Both cemeteries feature wider aisles than the first. Both
are moderately well kept now, though the occasional aban-
doned or decaying tomb can be found.

The St. Patrick Cemeteries (I, II and III) are located
near the Cypress Grove Cemetery on Metairie Road (City
Park Avenue). The burial grounds are divided by Canal
Street and Metairie Road.

St. Roch Cemeteries Nos. 1 and 2 are located on St.

Roch Avenue; each features a small chapel.

St. Joseph Cemeteries also feature a small chapel,
which has the distinction of being the oldest building in
uptown New Orleans.

St. Vincent Cemetery is located on Soniat Street.

Girod Street Cemetery found more notoriety in its
absence than when it existed. At one time it lay between
Perrilliar and Cypress Streets, covering more than three
acres. Its walls had 2,319 vaults with another 526 vaults on

\ 1 ,
the cemetery grounds. It also had 1,000 privately owned

tombs of between one and three vaults each and more than
100 society tombs with 12 to 20 vaults each.

Two factors sealed the fate of the Girod Street Cem-
etery. One was the belief of the people that the purchaser
and family heirs would maintain the tombs. The second was
that no provisions were made for the continued mainte-
nance of the cemetery after all the ground was sold.

In 1957 the cemetery was deconsecrated, the bodies
were moved to other cemeteries, and the tombs were de-
stroyed. After 135 years of service, the Girod Street Cemetery
is no more — though this does not stop visits by the mages.

The following is a list of cemeteries in New Orleans and
the surrounding neighborhoods that are open to any refugee
seeking shelter, temporary or otherwise. Some of the cem-
eteries listed below are in Algiers, an area claimed by
Lupines. However, should a chronicle take the players in
that direction, it is always convenient to know where
possible sanctuary can be found.

Metairie Cemetery not only has the distinction of
being one of the larger New Orleans cemeteries, but is
among the best kept. Its 150 acres are covered with palms,
shade trees, shrubs, bushes, a lagoon anda lake. At one time
two lakes graced this peaceful, scenic burial ground — Lakes
Horseshoe and Prospect. Over the years, however, Lake
Horseshoe was filled in. Cutting through the manicured
landscape are broad avenues and paths wide enough to
accommodate cars.

ster Three: Geography


One characteristic people tend to notice first about the
cemetery is that unlike others in the city, which are built
with clean-cut lines formed by streets and neighborhoods,
Metairie Cemetery is oval in shape, surrounded by a circu-
lar road. This fact is a striking testimony to the cemetery's
unusual past.

Many legends are told of how Metairie Cemetery came
to be as it is. The most frequently told one is of Charles T.
Howard, one of the founders of the cemetery, who made his
fortune in the Louisiana State Lottery Company. When
seeking admittance to the exclusive Metairie Jockey Club,
Howard found himself blackballed. To avenge the club's
slight, Howard swore he would make a cemetery out of the
club's racetrack. However Howard accomplished his threat,
accomplish it he did. The racetrack was eventually con-
verted into Metairie Cemetery in 1873, and the remains of
the old racetrack can be seen in the circular drive about the
cemetery.

Greenwood Cemetery was opened in 1852 and has
20,500 lots. It is located on Metairie Road (City Park
Avenue) next to Metairie Cemetery.

Cypress Grove Cemetery I (1840) is located at the
north end of Canal Street. Cypress Grove Cemetery I is on
the rear side of Greenwood Cemetery and was used to bury
the indigent dead. Most of it was destroyed when Canal
Street was built in 1911. The final section was in use until
1920. Back areas of the cemetery are in disrepair while
other areas are better kept.

Carrollton Cemetery, on Adams Street between Spruce
and Brick, is also known as the Green Street Cemetery. Few
Kindred use it because a number of the tombs are copings,
or ground interments, which also makes Carrollton some-
what unique among New Orleans cemeteries.

Holt Cemetery is on Metairie Road (City Park Av-
enue) with a plot on St. Louis Street. Holt Cemetery is
another burial ground not favored by refugee Kindred
coming to the city; it also has a large number of copings.

Located near Carrollton Cemetery, St. Mary Cem-
etery used to be so severely overgrown that people would
not enter it. The city took it over in 1921; today it is fairly
well kept.

Sitting between Cypress Grove and St. Patrick Cem-
eteries on Canal Street, Charity Hospital Cemetery is the
burial place for the indigent dead from Charity Hospital.

Lafayette Cemetery No. 1 on Washington Avenue is
not very well kept. Though some of the tombs are in a
presentable state, a great many more are neglected, decay-
ing or already in ruins, making the graveyard perfect for
refugees.

Also on Washington Avenue, Lafayette Cemetery
No. 2 is slightly better kept than Lafayette Cemetery No.
1, but also has its share of decaying tombs.

The Mt. Olivet Cemetery is located on Norman Mayer
Avenue. The cemetery roads are in bad shape, but the plots
are well kept.

New Orleans by Nigt

Located on Valance Street between Daneel and
Saratoga, the Valance Street Cemetery has a number of
decaying society tombs as well as private vaults.

St. John Cemetery is located on Canal Street.

St. Bartholomew Cemetery is bordered by Newton,
Diana and Nunez Streets in Algiers.

Anextension of St. Bartholomew Cemetery, St. Mary
Cemetery is also located in Algiers.

Located on Canal Street, Odd Fellows Rest is fairly
well kept.

Divided into two sections between St. Louis Street and
Metairie Road (City Park Avenue), the Masonic Cemetery
has anumber of Lodge Tombs, though most are for copings.

Gates of Prayer Cemetery No. 1 is located on Canal
Street.

Gates of Prayer Cemetery No. 2 is located on Joseph
Street, between Pitt and Garfield.

Hebrew Rest is located on Pelopidas Street.

St. Vincent de Paul Cemeteries I, I and IL are located
on Louisa Street.

Dispersed of Judah is located on Canal Street.

Ahavas Sholem is bordered by Elysian Fields, Stephen

Girard, Frenchmen and Mandolin Streets.
Anshe Sfard is bordered by Elysian Fields, Frenchmen,
Stephen Girard and Mandolin Streets.

Elysian Fields, Frenchmen, Stephen Girard and Man-

dolin Streets also border Jewish Burial Rites.

Beth Israel is also bordered by Elysian Fields, French-

men, Stephen Girard and Mandolin Streets.

Chivra Thilim, formerly Temmeme Derech, is located

on South Anthony Street, near Canal Street.

Many of the older cemeteries are surrounded by walls

that are often 10 to 15 feet high and eight to 12 feet thick.
These walls are often used as private vaults for burials.

Night Life

The contrast between night and day in New Orleans is
like...well, night and day. The city absolutely comes alive
with a carnival atmosphere nearly every night of the year.
Most of the parties and celebrations in the many bars and
clubs often seem more like bacchanalian festivals. In fact,
clubgoers can get a drink in New Orleans regardless of the
day or the time. The only time things slow down at all ison
Ash Wednesday following the Mardi Gras celebration.

Nor is drinking the only activity among the night life
scene of New Orleans. Eating is also highly regarded by
those in the city, and New Orleans houses some of the
finest restaurants in the world.

But it is neither the liquor nor the food that attracts
many of the Kindred who nightly descend upon the French

Quarter. The Kindred come for the music — and for the
utter simplicity of hunting in an area that is jam-packed

with people almost every night. Both elders and neonates
can be found in the French Quarter on most nights, though
they tend to gather in very different places. Most of the
elders who venture into the French Quarter tend toward
the older, slightly rundown clubs that offer authentic,
traditional jazz. The younger vampires, however, prefer the
modern clubs, which play more contemporary music.

The French Quarter has an abundance of both types of
clubs. The following are some of the more popular night
spots in New Orleans, particularly highlighting the French
Quarter. The dress in clubs in the French Quarter is almost
always casual, and few clubs have a cover charge. Clubs
outside that area, however, usually do.

The Mint — Extremely popular with Kindred of all
clans, vampires come here as audience and performers.
Even Nosferatu have been known to use their Obfuscate to
get just the right Judy Garland look. While elders don't
come here very often, their childer do.

Old Absinthe House Bar — A favorite late-night
haunt on Bourbon Street that rocks with hard-driving
blues.

City Lights — A bit less centrally located, City Lights
is down by the warehouse district near the river on Howard
Avenue at St. Peters Street. It plays dance music and is
popular with the Brujah.

544 Club— Bourbon Street club that plays a variety of
traditional jazz nightly. It is very popular with the city's
Toreador.

Preservation Hall — This cultural landmark on St.
Peter Street is often frequented by Malkavians and Torea-
dor. Its rustic environment has played host to such
distinguished New Orleans musicians as Harold Dejan,
Wendell Brunious and the Olympia Brass Band.

Storyville Jazz Hall — This part of New Orleans'
Elysium blends traditional jazz with late-night RGB. To-
reador, Tremere, Ventrue and others mix here.

Pat O'Brien's — The archetypal tourist hangout, Kin-
dred find extremely easy feeding at this St. Peter Street bar.
Pat O'Brien's features a patio bar as well as a piano bar.
Though not exceptionally popular with Brujah, members
of that clan can be found frequenting the bar from time to
time.

Jax Fest — Located in the old Jackson Brewery, Jax
Fest has four theme bars. These are the Toucan Liquor
Stand (a tropical bar), the Hurricane Dance Club (Top 40
music), Singalong Sam's Piano Bar, and the Locker Room
Sports Bar with 24 television screens broadcasting satellite
and cable sports events. Most Kindred avoid this spot, but
rumor has it that Marcel once owned the site and might still
have an interest in it.

Chapter Three: Geography 43


Kindred Sites

The Lamp Light

Located on Bourbon Street, the Lamp Light is a small
strip club with a twist. Run by a Toreador, the club is open
to both Kindred and kine until the wee morning hours.
Certain nights, however, the club is closed to its mortal
customers, and an entertainment ofa different sort isserved
to titillate the Kindred who come to watch.

The show, which usually features a mortal and a
Kindred, offers the usual fare from its mortal participant,
but adds a unique touch at the end for the voyeuristic
pleasure of its audience. Performers almost always conclude
each show with a Kiss, though blood is taken sparingly, to
guarantee the performer does not lose consciousness on
stage.

The club manager carefully chooses the mortals for the
shows, burt this does not keep the immortal clientele from
holding them in low regard. These mortals, known among
the Kindred as "vampire whores

willingly submit to the
Kiss for the chance to experience the euphoria that accom-
panies it.

New Orleans Jazz

Toreador also own New Orleans Jazz, located on Royal
Street. Open from sunset to dawn, the club features the

city's more popular jazz bands, and Toreador from around
the world have visited.

The Dock

This traveling club is run by mortal followers of the
local Setite temple. Unable to keep a fixed location for
more than a week, they usually set up in the warehouse
district. Setites stop here on their way through town,
though they have told anarchs around the country about its
location. Both groups use the Dock to exchange informa-
tion and coordinate smuggling operations. Most mortals
who come to the Dock think it is merely a more vibrant and
hyperactive rave.

The Delta Night

The Delta Night only exists as a club for a few weeks
every year. Originally an abandoned riverboat, Prince
Marcel had it refurbished into a luxurious nightclub staffed
by his most capable servants. Entry is by invitation only,
and guests are treated to the finest music, performances and
gambling to be found anywhere in the world. The Delta
Night is located in a secluded bayou just past Destrehan
Plantation, though it is only active during Carnival, the
prince's (mortal) birthday and other important times.

44 New Orleans by Night

TheArts

The New Orleans art scene is extremely active and
responsible for more than just excellent jazz. The arts and
artists receive substantial financial support from several
corporate and private sources, many of which are under
vampiric control. Indeed, Kindred appear at every major
opening in the city, be ita gallery, the opera season ora new
play.

The following New Orleans theatres are also part of
the Elysium.

The Saenger Theatre — Canal at Rampart Street.
Once Prince Doran's favorite theatre and place to conduct
Kindred business, Marcel had no interest in it, and it has
only recently reopened. The Saenger hosts some of the best
traveling troupes in the country.

The Contemporary Arts Cenrer — 900 Camp Street.
This is a public art gallery where some Kindred like to
display parts of their collections.

Le Petit Theatre Du Vieux Carre — St. Peter Street.
One of the oldest theatre troupes in the country, Le Petit
Theatre stages excellent plays, oc asionally including vam-
pires among the actors. Two other theatres and troupes
under the protection of Elysium are:

Actor's Warehouse Theatre — 200 Julia Street.

Theatre Marigny — Frenchmen Street.

Concert houses within the city include the Louisiana
Superdome, the Theater for the Performing Arts, the
Municipal Auditorium, and the Kiefer UNO Lakefront
Arena, part of the University of New Orleans. The home of
the New Orleans Symphony, the Orpheum Theater on
University Place, was only recently restored to its original
magnificence. While supported and favored by the elders,
these places are not within the Elysium.

The French Opera House, which opened in 1919, was
at one time part of the Elysium. It soon became a favorite
gathering place of many of New Orleans' elders. It was this
very fact, many believe, that led the Phoenix Society (see
Coteries) to burn the Opera House to the ground in a
mysterious fire.

Though the accusation against the Phoenix Society
has never been proved, most vampires nonetheless turned
against the group. Those within the Phoenix Society main-
tained their innocence in the act. They claimed the fire was
more likely the work of elders trying to discredit the
Phoenix Society. In any event, the New Orleans Opera
Association today performs mainly at the Theater for the
Performing Arts on St. Claude Street.

The Arts District
While most of the city's street artists and performers

work during the day, even at night strollers are likely to
come across artists, canvases or sketch boards in hand,

The Elysium

The following is a list of all Elysium sites within the
city of New Orleans.

Jackson Square (this includes St. Louis Cathedral,
the Presbytere and the Cabildo) — bordered by Chartres,
St. Ann, Decatur and St. Peter Streets.

Storyville Jazz Hall — 1104 Decatur Street.

Old New Orleans Court Building (Wildlife and
Fisheries Building) — the city block between St. Louis,
Conti, Royal and Chartres Streets.

Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop — 941 Bourbon Street.

Preservation Hall — 726 St. Peter Street.

Jax Brewery — Decatur Street.

Le Petit Theatre — 616 St. Peter Street.

Old Mint (Louisiana State Museum) — between
Decatur, Barracks and Esplanade Streets.

Superdome and New Orleans Centre — between
Poydras and Girod Streets.

Theatre of the Performing Arts—St. Claude Street.

World Trade Center — off Canal Street.

Fair Grounds Racetrack — 1751 Gentilly Blvd.

sitting on chairs and park benches as they depict the scenes
around them. It is little wonder that in recent years New
Orleans has become known as a major art center.

The heart of New Orleans' art community is known as
the Warehouse District and stretches between Julia Street,
St. Charles Avenue and the river. Toreador not hanging
out in the French Quarter can usually be found here.

Of the numerous art galleries in New Orleans, elders
mostly patronize the Academy Gallery, the David Gallery
and the Tilden-Foley Gallery, all on Magazine Street. A
small but elegant gallery on Magazine Street called the
Midnight Hour is solely supported by Prince Marcel. Open
only from 8 p.m. to 1 a.m., Marcel established the gallery to
display the work of Josua Cambridge, an enigmatic artist
who lives at his estate. Though most of Josua's work is
shown in the gallery, only a few, select pieces are ever sold.
The gallery never displays any pieces depicting mortals,
vampires or any New Orleans location. Other galleries,
such as Gallery 630B on Baronne Street and the Rhino
Gallery on St. Charles Avenue, usually receive at least tacit
support by one elder or another.

Elysium

Because most of New Orleans' history is in its architec-
ture, and because the city's elders desperately seek to
preserve their heritage, most of the buildings that consti-
tute Elysium are of some historic significance.

Though Elysium sites can be found throughout the
city, the majority of the buildings are located in the French

Chapter Three: Geography 45

Quarter. Indeed, in the 1940s Prince Doran tried to make
the entire French Quarter Elysium, but could not enforce
his decision. The Garden District, though not a part of
Elysium, is far safer because the elders who live there make
it so.

The most popular and well-known of the Elysium sites
in the French Quarter is Jackson Square. This Elysium
includes not only the Square itself, but the surrounding
buildings of St. Louis Cathedral, the Presbytere and the
Cabildo.

Aside from Jackson Square there are eight other Elysium
sites in the French Quarter. They are: the Storyville Jazz
Hall on Decatur Street; the French Market off Decatur
Street; the Old New Orleans Court Building (now known
as the Wildlife and Fisheries Building) off Royal Street;
Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop (a small bar) on Bourbon Street;
Preservation Hall on St. Peter Street; the Jax Brewery on
Decatur Street; Le Petit Theatre on St. Peter Street; the Old
Mint (now the Louisiana State Museum) between Decatur,
Barracks, and Esplanade Streets.

Outside of the French Quarter, Elysium can be found at
the New Orleans Centre adjacent to the Superdome, the
Theatre of the Performing Arts on St. Claude Street, the
World Trade Center off Canal Street by the river, and the
Fair Grounds Racetrack off Gentilly Boulevard.

All of these places are theoretically safe from Kindred
violence, but the rules are not enforced with equal fervor in
all places. A violation in the Jax Brewery would not be met
with the same reaction as an ourburst in the Louisiana State
Museum. Characters may learn this to their surprise — and
dismay.

The Barrens

Large tracts of bayou-covered land stretch to the south,
east and west of New Orleans. A variety of beings make
their homes in these open swamplands and prairies.

The mysteries within the bayous could themselves
fill volumes. The Kindred, however, know little about
these areas. Most of what they know is available to any
mortal, and much of the rest is speculation.

What they know for sure is that sites of mystical
importance are scattered through the bayous, especially
in the section to the west of the city, known as Cajun
Country. This area, also called Acadiana, is dotted with
tiny towns and villages, including Franklin, Crowley,
Rayne, Abbeville and Henderson. It also includes
Lafayette, one of the largest cities in Cajun Country.

New Orleans' Kindred do not go into Cajun Coun-
try. Vile entities are rumored to prowl there. When

46 New Orleans by Night

The Universities

A number of leading colleges and universities have
sprung up in New Orleans, mostly of Catholic back-
ground. The Kindred keep a close eye on them for this
reason, and Prince Doran felt sure the Inquisition would
try to enter the city through Tulane, Loyola or Xavier.

The Inquisition, however, does not maintain offices
in any of these universities or in New Orleans' many
churches. Instead, it has confined its efforts to a small
school to the southwest of New Orleans — Our Lady of
Holy Cross.

Right at the top of Uktena country, this coed school
has been the center of one of the more unusual factions
of the Inquisition. Sister Louise DeChambeau of the
Order of St. Joan brought the Inquisition to Holy Cross
when she first became aware of what she terms the
"Werewolf Threat."

While investigations into the Garou take up most of
her and her assistants' time, she has long been sure that
vampires must also be in New Orleans. She hopes to turn
her attention to them soon.

Prince Doran met with the werewolves, they told him
that the area was controlled by a powerful "worm" and its
agents, and that only the truly insane would dare ven-
ture there. Monsters they called Vhujunkas,
Thunderworms, Banes and Worm Elementals were but a
few of the dangers awaiting those foolish enough to
enter the area.

The vampires do know that a Hive of Black Spiral
Dancers lives in Cajun Country. The Hive was driven
from its home in the French colony of Acadia to the
southern swamplands of Louisiana in 1755. When the
Dancers arrived, they met fierce resistance from the
Uktena, who forced them into the bayous to the west. In
this inhospitable environment, however, the Hive per-
verted several existing caerns to the Dancers' own needs.

During the decades that followed, the area became
a breeding ground for the Wyrm and its agents. As the
corruption of the area grew, so did the Dancers' vindic-
tiveness. They never forgot the Uktena and their Kindred
allies who drove them from their new home. With the
help of Sabbat Gangrel, the Black Spiral Dancers have
managed to keep their ears in the city and cause consid-
erable trouble for both the Kindred and the Uktena.

When the Pentex Corporation's Endron Interna-
tional (then Premium Oil) began to move into Louisiana
during the 1920s, the Black Spiral Dancers were quick to
direct their attention to New Orleans. They told the


corporate executives of the city's potential as well as its
ideal placement to spread corruption and pollution via
the Mississippi River.

Pentex moved quickly, but Doran blocked many of
the corporation's early business dealings. Slowed, but
not stopped, Pentex settled upriver from New Orleans
and just to the south of Baton Rouge. From there it
spread north along the Mississippi River and is now a
major source of pollution in the river.

Over the years, Pentex has managed to befoul large
tracts of the bayou lands, decimating or completely
forcing out several other groups that once lived there.
The Mokole (werealligators) who once lived in the
Atchafalaya Basin, an 800,000-acre wilderness swamp
15 miles east of Lafayette, have moved to the Teche, the
last of the larger Louisiana bayous in the area still
untouched by the Wyrm. The Gurahl (werebears), how-
ever, could not protect their territory from the Wyrm
and were eventually forced out of the bayous.

The only non-Wyrm agent who has withstood the
plague creeping through the bayous has been Uriah
Travers. Travers claims to be both Malkavian and Black
Spiral Dancer; anyone who has met him knows he is
powerful — and completely insane. Some, however,
have come to realize that the old Kook is not as cr
most believe, and for knowledge of the secrets of Cajun
Country, few can compete with Travers.

as

Travers hates the tribe he says was once his, and few
agents of the Wyrm have wandered into his territory.
Even fewer have come out. Though a few Malkavians are
said to be able to contact him, he mostly socializes with
the wererats from the city and bayous to the south of
New Orleans.

Today no Kindred or Uktena in her right mind
would venture into Cajun Country. Aside from the
threats presented by the Wyrm and its
from the area tell of Doran's old nemesis, Cosa, having

agents, rumors

been sighted in the bayous — in the company of the
Black Spiral Dancers.

Chapter Three: Geography



apter Fo

haracters

Take me in your arms

Forgetting all you couldn't do today

Black celebration
ll drink to that
Black celebration
Tonight.

— Depeche Mode, "Black Celebration"

New Orleans' Kindred population is never stable. Atany
given time, members of any clan or bloodline may be in the
city; vampires journey from around the world to enjoy "The
City That Care Forgot." While the city normally does not
suffer from overpopulation, there is some question as to the
exact number of vampires who exist there. Because New
Orleans is known as a refugee city, vampires regularly come
and go. Some stay no more than a night or two; others stay for
months without Presenting themselves to Prince Marcel.

The number depends entirely on whom one asks and can
range anywhere from 20 to 200 during Mardi Gras. The vast
tajority of the Kindred population are "short-timers," stay-

ing in the city for a week or so to a few months at most before
moving on. As in any society, however, New Orleans has its
mainstays. In New Orleans these are mostly elders or clan
leaders, though there are a few others who seem to have gone
out of their way to make their presence known.

Another reason the Kindred population fluctuates so
much is the regular disappearances of newcomers. Most
vampires do not speak of these disappearances, whether from
ignorance, good taste or fear. Still, the disappearances con-
tinue to haunt the community. Some blame witch-hunters;
others blame anarchs. The true answer includes both of these
and more.

Chapter Four: Characters


Secrets

New Orleans is full of secrets. Kindred conceal information from Kindred, and clans struggle for
intelligence to give them an edge in their constant competition. Characters may eventually uncover
some of New Orleans' secrets; when they do, the Storyteller should know how much, and what, to give
them. The Secrets Trait detailed here provides some idea of just how much a given vampire knows.

There are five grades of secrets, rated from A to F like the school grading system. Each grade shows
how much information the character possesses about the region's politics and events. A plus or minus
rating indicates a greater or lesser degree of knowledge within a given grade. A character knows
everything listed for her rating, plus everything listed for all lower ratings.

A+ Only Uriah Travers knows more than the character.

A. The character knows of the presence of mages in the city. Though not certain of their goals,
she has suspicions.

A- Thecharacter knows the true motive and target of the Phoenix Society. The character is also aware
that the Phoenix Society's influence extends far beyond New Orleans.

B+ The character is aware of the power behind Marcel's throne and the fact that Marcel may not
truly rule the city.

B_) The character is aware that the primogen does not support the prince as much as it claims to,
and that the potential for power struggle exists within its ranks.

B- The character is aware of various power struggles, past and present, in the area. These include
those between the former prince and Cosa, Marcel and the Council, and the Uktena and Black Spiral
Dancers.

C+ The character is aware of the various coteries and certain high-ranking members, as well as
their connection to the city or its inhabitants.

C The character knows many of the coteries and how they influence certain events in the city.

C- The character has heard of various influential groups in the city, but knows of no specific
organizations or members.

D+ The character knows that some werewolves and Gangrel seem to be allies.

D_ The character is aware of the potential danger of the werewolves.

D- The character is aware of the boundaries of Kindred territory.

F The character knows a few Kindred in New Orleans.

wi

0 New Orleans by Night


New Orleans' Brujah follow a far more rigid hierarchy
than do members of the clan in other cities. In the early
1950s, Dutch came to the city and established himself as
the leading Brujah in New Orleans. While few other
Brujah have established themselves in the city, there are
always at least a few transients. Indeed, only Clan Toreador
sends more visitors to New Orleans.

Dutch

When Dutch arrived in New Orleans in 1951, then-
Prince Doran welcomed him with open arms. Dutch was an
Idealist Brujah from California who had immigrated to
New Orleans in search of the second coming of Carthage.
Here, he hoped, he could ally with the Ventrue leader to
create such a city.

Dutch found that things were not as he had heard. The
Brujah who visited or lived in New Orleans had little
interest in such lofty ideals. Indeed, their interests often
conflicted with Doran's. Dutch found the erstwhile head of
the clan nothing more than a rabble-rouser, interested
more in inciting visiting Brujah than in doing anything
constructive. Dutch immediately confronted him and
proved himself the more capable Cainite. Those Brujah
who would not follow his lead either left town or were
destroyed.

With the clan now moving in a direction he liked,
Dutch turned his attention to other matters. The more
familiar he became with New Orleans' social structure, the
morea very different picture of this "new Carthage" emerged
—apicture of a city created for the benefit of the Ventrue
and the Tremere.

Before Dutch could address this problem, however, an
in slew Doran. Sensing an opportunity to make the
city what he dreamed it could be, Dutch became a con-
tender for the throne. His support among members of his
own clan immediately began to slip, and he saw that other
Kindred had aligned themselves before the assassination
ever occurred. Finding himself forced to choose between
clan leadership or the princeship, a position he might never
achieve, Dutch repealed his claim to the throne.

Today Dutch is still clan leader, but he is more inter-
ested in Marcel's plans for the city. Dutch has lost any hope
that the city might become a new Carthage. He dreads the
y when the elders cease offering hospitality to any Kin-
dred who comes in peace.

While Dutch can do little now, he has begun to bolster
his position. He has started casting about for other Brujah
who feel as he does. He hopes to make the Brujah presence
strong while members of the clan are still allowed into the
city. If Dutch succeeds, he may eventually renew his quest
to create a utopia.

Sire: MacNeil

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1853

Apparent Age: 35

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Repair 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 4

Knowledges: Electronics 3, New Orleans Knowledge 3,
Occult 1, Politics 3

Disciplines: Celerity 4, Dominate 2, Fortitude 1, Obfus-
cate 2, Potence 3, Presence 3, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Herd 3, Resources 1,
Retainers 2, Status 2

Chapter Four: Characters 51


Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 8

Image: Dutch still carries the bulky, muscular frame of
his mortal days. He is 5'10", with long, brown hair,
brown eyes and a cleanly shaven face. He dresses in
faded, torn blue jeans and a jacket sans shirt.
Roleplaying Hints: You are not a typical Brujah. Being
an Idealist, you do not really feel that what you plan
conforms to the term "revolution." You are merely
taking back your clan's own (Carthage) from the clan
that took it in the first place. Thus you speak calmly,
concisely and rationally, and do not act without plan-
ning.

Haven: Several throughout the lower dock areas of the
city.

Secrets: B+

Influence: As leader of New Orleans' Brujah, Dutch
naturally has some influence in the city. Additionally,
he can usually convince visiting Brujah to support him;
the number of these fluctuates, but can range from two
to 20 or more. As a general rule, the Brujah usually make
up the most numerous clan, but most Brujah do not stay
in New Orleans for more than a year at time. Others
come and go regularly.

Jake Almerson
Jake lived most of his life in New Orleans. He was a
dock worker and sometime union organizer —— not a popu-

lar vocation in New Orleans. Embraced in 1922, he stayed
in the city with his sire until the 1940s, when word came
that the Brujah in Los Angeles were revolting. Jake's sire
went to their aid, leaving Jake to head the clan in New
Orleans.

When Dutch appeared, Jake realized at once that the
newcomer outmatched him, and backed down immedi-
ately. Indeed, for all intents and purposes he has supported
the new clan leader ever since. Jake opposed the new clan
leader's ideas of unification, but felt there was little he
could do about it. Rather than fight the changes from the
outside, Jake decided it was better to try striking at Dutch
from within.

Jake has thus made himself virtually indispensable to
Dutch, and the Brujah leader rarely makes a move without
Jake's knowledge. Jake has also taken every opportunity to
sabotage Dutch's plans. For instance, when Dutch began
his attempts to take the princeship in 1955, Jake immedi-
ately discredited him to the city's elders and incited trouble
among the Brujah then in the city. Dutch, however, quickly
stopped his efforts.

Today Jake is still Dutch's lieutenant, as well as one of
the rabble-rousers in the clan. He is extremely discreet in
the trouble he causes, ensuring that it cannot be traced to
him.

Jake firmly believes that Brujah should be free to do
what they want, when they want, without the restrictive
ties of a formal clan structure. Thus, he generally disagrees
with all of Dutch's policies for running the clan — except
one. He agrees that the princeship of New Orleans should
be in the hands of a Brujah.

Sire: Martiné

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1922

Apparent Age: 27

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 2, Scan 3, Scrounging 3,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Linguistics 1, New Orleans
Knowledge 4, Occult 2, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 1, Potence 3,
Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 5, Herd 2, Influence 1,
Mentor 2, Resources 3, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Willpower: 7
Image: A small, lean-looking man with ebony skin and
black hair cur close to the scalp. He is clean-shaven and
usually dresses in black pants and a vest.

New Orleans by Night

Roleplaying Hints: You are not the friendliest person in
New Orleans. If someone tries to engage you in conver-
sation, you generally ignore the person or tell him to go
away. If the conversation has to do with the Brujah,
however, you are extremely vocal about how you feel —
unless Dutch is around.

Haven: An office at the end of Esplanade Avenue near
the river.

j

SS —

Secrets: B

Influence: Jake has some influence among the other
rabble-rousers of the Brujah clan, but because these
tabble-rousers don't agree on anything anyway, such
influence doesn't amount to much.

Chapter Four: Characters

rea

Ww


Innumerable Caitiff come to New Orleans, but few
make the city their home. Most Caitiff soon realize that the
ity suffers under an even more rigid hierarchy than most
cities do, and they seek greener pastures elsewhere.

Raymond

Those who know of Raymond believe he is an 1 1th- or
12th-generation Tremere, mostly because he associates
himself with the clan as much as he is allowed. There is
speculation, however, that he may be a Ventrue or even a
Giovanni. Even Raymond is unsure of his heritage — but
anyone who
enemy.

calls him Caitiff has made a determined

Raymond's first memory is of the home of a mage in
New York City. This mage introduced himself to the young
vampire as Aaron Carson. Carson informed Raymond that
he had found him wandering aimlessly through back alley-
ways near the harbor, uncertain of anything save his name.
Carson, who had helped Kindred before, took Raymond to
his house. There, the vampire spent several nights recover-
ing from injuries.

The only further clue the mage could give Raymond
was a battered map of New Orleans, which Carson had
found in Raymond's pocket. Though the vampire ques-
tioned Carson for hours, Carson could tell him no more. He
finally suggested that Raymond journey to New Orleans to
seek his past.

Faced with no other prospects, Raymond agreed and,
with the mage's help, traveled to New Orleans. Gaining
admittance to the city, however, proved no easy task.
Uncertain of his clan, Raymond did not know how to
Present himself, or to whom. Nor could he verify his sire, for
he could not even recall his true name. Karen Chartry, a
Ventrue leader, took an interest in him and took him to
Prince Marcel. Raymond told Marcel his story, omitting
only his rescue by the mage.

After listening to Raymond, Marcel considered deny-
ing him admittance, seeing the clanless vampire as potential
trouble. Raymond, however, ardently begged to be admit-
ted to the city. He told Prince Marcel of the stories he had

his past in New Orleans. Marcel allowed Raymond to stay
temporarily in the city, but insisted that he leave should he
prove unable to find some clue to his past or his clan.

For the next several months Raymond scoured the
city, questioning every Kindred he could find as to whether

heard of New Orleans and of his hope to find some part of

or not they knew him. Most had already heard of him,
however, and many avoided him as best they could. Others
refused to talk at all, simply turning their backs on him.

After months of this, Marcel finally summoned
Raymond and told the neonate that he must claim his clan
or leave the city. With no solid proof to offer, Raymond
accepted the prince's decree as he had agreed.

With nowhere else to go, Raymond returned to New
York City, where Carson willingly took the neonate back
into his home. Hearing of Raymond's experiences in New
Orleans, Carson suggested that Raymond's search had not
been a failure; rather, it had never really been given a
chance to succeed. Aaron immediately suggested that
Raymond court the favor of the Tremere, for that clan
would likely prove the greatest help in finding his past.

Raymond agreed to Aaron's suggestions, and the mage
taught hima number of basic occult powers. When Raymond
returned to New Orleans and again sought admittance to
the city, he claimed affiliation to the Tremere clan, stating
that he had manifested certain magical abilities since he
had left the city and felt the Tremere of New Orleans might
be able to help him in his search.

The prince considered Raymond's request and finally
allowed him to stay in the city, but again only for a limited
time. Raymond found that nothing else had changed since
his last visit to New Orleans. His claim to be a Tremere did
little to help his search; indeed, it only caused him further
problems. Kindred who had merely avoided him now
ostracized him altogether. No Kindred in the city would say
so much as a word to him.

After several frustrating nights, Raymond saw no point
in waiting to be told to leave. Despite his efforts to assimi-
late himself into a clan within the city, it was clear that the
Kindred of New Orleans wanted nothing to do with him.

Raymond returned to Carson's home, more angry than |
disheartened. He now wanted some sort of revenge against |
New Orleans' Kindred, who had so coldly turned their |
backs on him and refused to help in his search.

Aaron patiently listened to Raymond's story and agreed
with the vampire's feelings. The mage claimed that he had
been similarly hurt once, denied something of great impor
tance to him. Because of that, Aaron said, he would do what
he could to help Raymond search for his past and avenge _
himself against the Kindred of New Orleans. The mage, -
however, gave the young vampire's wrath more focus. The
other Kindred, he explained, likely only did as Prince Marcel |

54 New Orleans by Night


—d

commanded. Therefore, though the others were not blame-
less, his anger should be centered on the prince.

The search for his past, Carson explained to Raymond,
would begin by tracinghis bloodline. Sucha process would not
only discover Raymond's clan, but his sire as well. Still, Aaron
warned, it would take time to accomplish such a difficult spell.
In the meantime they could plot revenge on Marcel and the
others in the city who had treated him so badly.

Carson then outlined a plan — one that shocked
Raymond to his core. Carson told him that vampiric elders
often found themselves unable to drink mortal blood, but

instead required Kindred vitae. With Carson's help,

Raymond would be able to provide such a supply.
Once over the initial shock of the suggestion, Raymond
agreed to return to New Orleans and implement thé mage's
plan. Carson said he would have to remain in°New ‘ork
City for a short time longer, but that he would send
other Kindred with Raymond to New Orleans. Both wel

Tremere who had worked with the mage for some time and "

who were seeking revenge against Kindred in New Orleans.

When Raymond and the other two Kindred arrived in
New Orleans, they immediately went to,gtound. Within
the first few nights they created ghouls to rc P
set about gathering stock for their aucti
three refugee Kindred coming infot
them as a "breeder" to create 6the
the auction.

Raymond never discovered how word of the auction
spread, but it obviously did. Representatives sent by elders
from around the continent packed the pump house where
the auction took place. By the time the auction was over,
Raymond was amazed at the amount of money they had
made in such a short time.

Raymond still runs the auction for Carson, though the
two Tremere assistants have long since returned to New
York City. During the year the auction has run, Raymond
has tried to be selective in the Kindred he kidnaps, choos-
ing those whose blood is not tainted in some way but who
are not likely to be missed. Carson also sends captives from
New York for him to sell.

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Autist

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 10th

Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: 35

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 2
Dodge 1, Leadership 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Bribery 4, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Fast Talk 3,
Firearms 3, Haggling 3, Stealth 3, Style 1, Traps 2
Knowledges: Finance 3, Kindred Lore 1, Law 2, New

>

SS ———

Orleans Knowledge 1, Occult 2, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 1, Porence 1, Presence 3, Thaumaturgy 3
(Lure of Flames 3, Movement of the Mind 2, Weather
Control 1)

Rituals? Summon Guardian Spirit, Suppression of the
Undead Mind

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 1, Resources 4,

Retainers 2

irtues: Conscience 2, SelfControl 3, Courage 2
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Notes: The first of Raymond's two rituals gives him
warnings of dangerythe second adds one to the difficul-
ties of opponents' Discipline use (to a maximum of 10).
Image: A tall; thin man with thick, blond hair and
bright blue eyes. He prefers casual dress, but when
Mixing with "proper" society he dresses much more
formally:

Roleplaying Hints: In your role as auctioneer you are
very friendly, but you also play your hand fairly close to
your vest. At other times, you are all business. You are
very tough and very unforgiving if your instructions are
not precisely carried out, for no one but you knows just
how important they are.

Haven: Raymond has no permanent haven and prefers
to move constantly. He has a number of auxiliary havens
in warehouses, apartments and little-used public build-
ings.

Secrets: C+

Influence: Raymond would be surprised at the amount of
influence he has, especially since it isn't nearly so much as
he thinks. Carson has led the young vampire into believing
that should trouble arise, his clients will back him. He
neglected to mention how fickle elders can be.

Chapter Four: Characters 55

Gangrel

Once one of the most powe

rful clans in the city, the
Gangrel have been out of favor for 40 years, and no new
Gangrel has made her home in or near the city since 1955,
when Doran was slain and a Gangrel named as the assassin.
Indeed, even the clan's most significant accomplishment
~~ the treaty with the Lupines — now seems suspect.

While Gangrel still visit the city, many do not Present
themselves to Marcel, and others leave shortly after arriv-
ing. Only Xaviar, the Gangrel Justicar, seems free from the
associated guilt, but he has done little for the clan in New
Orleans.

Roxy

Though Roxy came from an upper-class family that
traced its lineage all the way back to New Orleans' second
great fire, she spent more time in bayous than in mansions.
It was this love of the swamplands that gained her the
attention of Jared, the leader of New Orleans' Gangrel. For
years Jared watched Roxy in the bayous, finding himself
more and more attracted to the woman. Finally, he decided
to Embrace her.

With little interest in the world of mortals and a great
interest in the world of nature, Roxy had few reservations
about becoming a vampire. Her sire (who also bi Ce
lover) taught her everything he could. He also revealed to
her the friendships he had formed with Uriah Travers and
the Uktena tribe. Jared did his best to teach Roxy the
benefits of good politics, explaining that his relationship
with the Lupines ensured his favor with Prince Doran. Still,
while Jared spent much of his time trying to resolve the
constant conflicts between Kindred and Lupines, Roxy
spent her time in the bayous.

ime her

Roxy existed for many happy years with her sire until
the year the prince was murdered. Her sire, accused of the
deed, was executed in a Blood Hunt. Roxy fled into the
bayous in fear of her unlife. For several weeks Roxy stayed
in the bayous, protected by Travers

When no further threats appeared, Roxy returned to
the city. Using what Jared had taught her of political
intrigue as well as the additional lessons Travers gave her,
Roxy became leader of New Orleans' Gangrel. Then,
despite her clan's (and her own) revulsion of politics, Roxy
immersed herself in the city's intrigue.

Roxy felt certain her sire had not slain the prince; the
two had been allied for decades. Some Kindred claimed the

ASS:

sination had sprung out of growing jealousy on Jared's

part; others said Jared had sought to usurp the princedom
himself. Roxy knew both stories to be outright lies.

Today very few Kindred know as much about the
internal politics of New Orleans as Roxy does. She uses her
knowledge as a weapon, and other Kindred fear her for the
secrets she knows. Though she does not blackmail for
money, she uses her information to her advantage. Over
the years she has managed to maneuver herself ever closer
to Marcel, hoping to find the evidence she needs to link
him to Doran's murder.

Sire: Jared

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1895

Apparent Age: 25

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,

Empathy 1, Intrigue 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2,

Subterfuge 2

56 New Orleans by Night


Skills: Animal Ken 5, Melee 3, Security 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 4, Tracking 5

Knowledges: Bayou Knowledge 4, Investigation 2,
Naturalist 4, Occult 2, Politics 2

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 1, Protean 5

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Influence 2, Resources 3, Retain-

ers 1, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 8

Image: Though in her early 30s when she was Embraced,
Roxy certainly does not look it. With her long, straight,
black hair and loose, casual style of dress, she could easily pass
for a woman in her early 20s. The only signs of her Gangrel
heritage are her large, luminous eyes, which shine redly in
the dark (in a fashion similar to the eyes of alligators).
Roleplaying Hints: Though you know a great deal of
what goes on in the city, you do not part with that
information readily. Be very vague when answering a
question. When someone tries to obtain information
from you, try to get more in return. Try to find out if the
questioner knows anything that could link Marcel ro
Doran's murder.
Haven: City Park.
Secrets: A Gay
Influence: Because she knows many secrets of New Orleahé'
Kindred, Roxy herself has considerable influence in Kindred
society. Roxy also has a good deal of power. n mortal
society, a fact that Marcel is aware of and seeks to end,
Laura . Eatin as
Driven from her native Canada by the Sabbat, Laura.
fled south — south to New Orléaths. Here
_ sanctuary, and Laura gladly accepted |
one of his staunchest supporters‘in tht
traveled regularly, New Orleans became her home and
haven, and she became an deceptedspart of Kindred life.
When Jared was slain and Roxy b

offer, bécoming

the city's

ing most of her decisions, feeling they were not madéin the
best interests of the ¢lan. Laura knew Roxy believed Jared:

did not, however, support Roxy's conclusion that Marcel
Was responsible for the murder. The two butted heads more

and more as Laura saw Roxy using the clan in her vendetta
against Marcel.

Marcel has cultivated Laura's friendship ever since
learning of her feelings, and Laura often relays information
to the prince. While she does not consider herself a spy,
_ Marcel considers her one of his most valuable informants.

——<—

ted offeredher

city. While she still

leading Gangrel, Laura quickly became known for oppos- -

bad not committed the murder, a belief Laura shared. She

wa,

Sire: Benoit

Nature: Cavalier

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1903

Apparent Age: 25

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Scrounging:2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken)4, Herbalism 2, Leatherworking 3,
Masquerade 2, Melee 3y Stealth 4, Survival 4, Tracking 4
Knowledges: Kindred Lore 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2,
Naturalist 4, New Orleans Knowledge 3, Politics 2,
Sabbat Lore ‘1

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Domi-

nate 2, Presence 1, Protéan 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 1, Status 1

,o

Virtues? Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Humanity: 7
‘Willpower: 5

Image: A short girl with blond hair and blue eyes. She

dresses mostly in T-shirts and shorts.

Roleplaying Hints: You are evasive in everything you do,
espetially when talking to others. If people start to get
£00 Suspicious of your act, you immediately become the
very embodimeni of the ditzy blonde. You dislike
strangers, especially those who ask a lot of questions.
Haven: Audubon Park.

Secrets: B

Influence: None.

Chapter Four: Characters

Malkavians rarely stay in New Orleans for more than a
few years. One was known to joke that New Orleans was
already crazy enough, so why stay there? Still, New Orleans
attracts a good number of transient Malkavians, who stay for
a little while until they tire of the city.

Father lago (James, Lazarus)

lago's life as personal priest to Countess Matilde of
Tuscany was governed by unending ritual. Every day he got up
before dawn and prepared morning vestments for the Italian
countess, a devout follower of Pope Gregory VII. She became
extremely piqued if anything was amiss and demanded that
lago be as rigid and devout as she.

lago rarely agreed with the countess or the pope, espe-
cially regarding the church's position in the state. He kept his
mouth shut, however, until the pope arrived at Matilde's in
the midst of controversy, having just excommunicated Henry
IV, the Holy Roman Emperor. Then, reports arrived that the
emperor was making his way to the castle.

When lago arrived to consult with the countess and the
pope, he found Henry barefoot in the snow before the castle.
lago was moved by the scene and felt only pity for an emperor
begging forgiveness. Gregory was not so compassionate. For
the next three days Henry remained in the snow, suffering
through one of Italy's worst winters. Inside, the pope met with
his advisors, and Father Iago began to see what kind of man
this pope was.

To Gregory, Henry's tears were but a sham. Once he
forgave Henry, the emperor would once more be able to
muster his armies against the pope, armies which had deserted
him during the excommunication. A second excommunica-
tion would not have the power of the first.

lago was particularly disturbed by an advisor who came
into the room as the sun set. This pale advisor seemed
especially upset by Henry's stratagem. His counsel — to let
Henry stay outside until he died of pneumonia — shook lago
to his core. Iago knew he had gained an enemy when he rose
to denounce this advice. It may well have been lago's speech
on Christian charity and mercy that moved the pope. In any
event, three days after Henry arrived, Gregory allowed him in
and rescinded his excommunication.

After Henry debased himself before the pope, he was
taken to his chambers. Iago stopped by to wish him well and
quietly told the emperor of what had transpired during those
three days. Less thana second after he had kissed the emperor's

ring and departed the chamber, he saw a swirl of fabric out of
the corner of his eye, and then everything went black.

lago awoke several hours later, with the Countess Matilde
towering over him. She screamed that he was a disgrace to the
church and coldly told him that the pope had removed him
from his post. She continued her tirade, but Iago barely
listened. He felt a pain in his stomach and mouth — a gnawing
ache that swiftly became excruciating. Feeling as though he
were watching from afar, he rose from his bed and headed for
the countess. Her eyes widened when she saw the change that
had overtaken him. His eyes shone with an ethereal glow, and
his teeth seemed whiter and far sharper. She began to scream
when he grabbed her, but ceased as he sucked the blood from
her body.

Somehow Iago managed to wrench himself from the grip
of madness before he slew his patron. All his years he had
espoused the sanctity of life — now he had almost killed, and
in such a horrid fashion. He left the castle and fled to the
farthest reaches of the Earth. He tried to remain the man that
he had been, but the suffering grew extreme. He found himself
losing control again and again. His sanity diminished with
each feeding, and his faith went with it. Somewhere along the
way he changed his name from lago to Lazarus.

Lazarus has never stopped traveling, preaching his blas-
phemous creed. Now his sermons are almost purely heretical.
He has shocked many in the religious community; it is
rumored that he had a public confrontation with Jerry Falwell.
Usually, he shows up in New Orleans for Mardi Gras. Some
don't appreciate his presence, but others think his histrionics
are hilarious. Indeed, there are those — the socially dysfunc:
tional among Kindred and kine — who wait for him to arrive, ©
anticipating each year's spectacle. :

For example, last year Lazarus showed up, preaching :
continually on a float covered with black roses. Three crosses
formed a triangle on the float, all facing the pulpit at the
opposite end. On both sides of the pulpit were two scantily clad
women. Instead of the usual beads, they threw rosaries to the _
crowd. The most disturbing thing about the entire episode
were the people nailed to the crosses. Some swore they were
mannequins, but others said that one could occasionally heat q
them moan or see a trickle of blood run from their wounds.

Marcel tries to keep Lazarus from attracting too big ofa
crowd or too blatantly violating the Masquerade. Still, his.
popularity rises with each festival, and if he wanted to stayi
one place long enough, he could set up a church of his ow
— a place where his insanity could rule.

58 New Orleans by Night


Sire: Le Fanu
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Fanatic
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1077
Apparent Age: 35
Physical:

Strength 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 4, Leadership 2

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Music 2, Security 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Camarilla Lore 4, Investi-
gation 4, Law 3, Linguistics 6, Malkavian Time 3,
Occult 4, Politics 3, Theology 5

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 2 Chimerstry 2,
Dominate 5, Necromancy 2, Obfuscate 3, Presence 6,
thaumaturgy 3 (Weather Control 3, Elemental Mastery 2)
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 7, Resources 2,

Retainers 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Notes: Lazarus's sixth level of Presence allows him to
convince people of things they would not normally
delieve —- their friends are their enemies, their children

them, etc. He uses this and all his powers sparingly,
forhe fears he is being followed by those who would

keep him from doing God's will.

Image: Lazarus is a tall and angular man with shaggy
blond hair and blue eyes. Like many older vampires, he
kinny and pale, but not disgustingly so. He dresses
predominantly in black and adorns himself with silver
ewelty, rings and earrings.

= ee

Roleplaying Hints: It takes almost no effort to get you
talking, and when you get going, rant. It doesn't matter
if what you're saying makes >, Of course, while

you're speaking, you're looking over your shoulder.

Haven: Monasteries around the world.
Secrets: B+

Influence: Little in New Orleans, but no one wants to
mess with an elder Malkavian.

Uriah Travers

When a Gangrel Embraced Jared Tompson in the
1800s, Jared found thar Uriah, his childhood friend, was the
one part of his mortal life he could not leave behind. Uriah
stayed by Jared's side during his worst nights as a vampire,
and their relationship remained far beyond that of master
and servant.

Jared did his best to protect Uriah, but his friend had
already been marked. Neither had any idea what "Kinfolk"
were, much less what Black Spiral Kinfolk were. Neverthe-
less, Uriah was a member of this warped and twisted lineage.
Uriah was later Embraced by a Malkavian who hoped to use
him to infiltrate the Lupines. This stratagem failed miserably;
Black Spiral Dancers slew Uriah's sire, though they left the
neonate alive.

Devastated by what had happened to his friend, Jared
did what he could to help Uriah, though there was little he
could do. Uriah spent most of his time with Jared and began
forming closer ties with the Gangrel than with his own clan.
Then his delusion began to manifest. Uriah began to iden-
tify more with the Lupines than with the Damned, and now
sees himself as an Abomination —
werewolf.

both vampire and

Today, shunned by his own clan and rejected by the
Lupines, Uriah lives alone in a small cabin set in the
northern lands of the Teche. Despite his fractured mind,
Uriah knows more about the city and the Kindred than most
of New Orleans' vampires do.

Sire: Restewin

Nature: Autist

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1809

Apparent Age: 40

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Intrigue 3, Mimicry 5, Scan 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Camouflage 4, Fishing 4, Herbalism
5, Security 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Tracking 5, Traps 5
Knowledges: Engineering 3, Geology 3, H ry 3,
Investigation 3, Kindred Lore 4, Lupine Lore 4, Medi-
cine 2, Naturalist 5, New Orleans Knowledge 3, Spirit

>

Lore 2, Wyrm Lore 3

Chapter Four: Characters 59


Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Fortitude 3,
Obfuscate 2, Potence 2, Protean 4

Allies 3, Contacts 3, Status 2

Backgrounds:
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 8

Willpower: 7

Notes: Most of the madness associated with his clan is
confined to his delusion of being an Abomination.
Additionally, Uriah has never used his Protean Disci-
pline to take a bat form. He has instead manifested a
man-wolf form, similar to what werewolves call their
Crinos form.

Image: A tall, burly man who wears long-sleeved shirts
with white cotton T-shirts underneath. Usually he either
wears boots or goes barefoot.

Roleplaying Hints: You don't act so crazy as most of
your clan unless you begin talking about being an
Abomination. Then your conversation becomes erratic
and neurotically determined, especially if you are
contradicted in your delusion.

Haven: A small cabin in the northern Teche.

Secrets: A+

Influence: Uriah could wield great influence in New
Orleans if he so chose, but the city's intrigues do not
interest him. He prefers his solitude, letting those who
seek his counsel come to him.

60 New Orleans by Night

Nosferatu do not find New Orleans the most inviting
of cities. It lacks subways, sewers and all the other dank and
moldy places clan members find most accommodating.
Those who have stayed in the city for any length of time
have found it in their best interests to side with Prince
Marcel, serving him as spies and lookouts. Even newcomers
quickly discover the advantages of so doing.

Lawrence Meeks

Lawrence no longer resides in New Orleans, but was
and is the most influential Nosferatu the city has ever
known. He came to the city in 1805, joined Prince Doran's
spy network in the same year, and headed it from 1830 to
1885. Shortly after Lawrence took charge of the network's
activities, he decided that there were far too few Nosferatu
doing the job he felt only they were truly suited to do. The
network relied too much on information from other clans,
and Lawrence felt only Nosferatu could keep it running
effectively.

To solve the problem, he created three childer —
Avery, Roger and Martin — and brought them into the
network. He taught them his techniques and molded them
into his perfect spies. While the first two lived up to
Lawrence's expectations, the third far exceeded them.
Martin learned everything he could from his sire; when
Lawrence retired from the prince's service, he turned over
his position to his third childe.

After retiring, Lawrence lived in the French Quarter
for several years but, during World War II, he moved to
Baron Rouge and assumed that city's princeship. While
this would seem to be the base of his power, barely a handful
of vampires reside in Baton Rouge. Because of the secrets he
learned during his years in the network, however, most of
Louisiana's Kindred fear and respect him. His advice is
often sought out, and some Kindred gossip about what role
be might have played in Marcel's climb to power.

Sires Warwick

Nature: Carctaker

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1769

Apparent Age: 50s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 5, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 3,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 2, Intrigue 3, Leadership 5,
Mimicry 3, Scan 4, Search 4, Sense Deception 4,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Bribery 4, Camouflage 4, Fast Talk 3, Interro-
gation 5, Lockpicking 4, Melee 3, Pickpocket 3,
Research 5, Security 4, Stealth 4, Tracking 5
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Cryptography 5, Faerie
Lore 2, Investigation 4, Kindred Lore 5, Linguistics 3,
Lupine Lore 3, Mage Lore 2, New Orleans Knowledge 5,
Psychology 4, Spirit Lore 2

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 4, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 2, Obfuscare 5, Potence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Herd 2, Resources 4,
Retainers 3, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Notes: Very little goes on in New Orleans that
Lawrence does not know about, but getting such
information out of him is not easy. He does not readily

reveal information, nor can it be bought or traded. He
does, however, like to talk, and if a conversationalist is
willing to stay long enough, he often lets little bits of
information slip to keep a conversation interesting.
Image: A very tall, gaunt Nosferatu.

Roleplaying Hints: Unlike many in your clan, you are
unusually talkative. There is nothing you like better
than good conversation, little you won't do to get some,
and even less you won't do to keep it once you have
gotten it. If you feel the other conversationalist is getting
bored or ready to leave, you will use your vast store of
intriguing little city secrets to keep them interested so
they will stay and talk to you longer.

Haven: The Old State Capitol in Baton Rouge.

City Secrets: A

Influence: The influence Lawrence wields has earned
him the one thing few Nosferatu ever receive from their
fellow Kindred — respect. Most also fear him, however,
for nobody knows what his real goal is. Additionally,
there are rumors that he deals with Black Spiral Dancers.
Finally, unknown to any vampires in the city, Lawrence
used to be a member of an international group of
Nosferatu called the Web. He can call on this group's
resources in times of need.

Chapter Four: Characters 61


Avery

Avery, Lawrence's first childe, was actually more of an
experiment than the Nosferatu's other two childer.
Lawrence was uncertain whether his childer could ever
measure up to his expectations. Perhaps, he initially rea-
soned, he would do better to seek new members for the
network among outsider Nosferatu.

Despite his doubts, Lawrence finally decided to make
his own childe. He chose an orphan he found in the city
streets. He reasoned that the girl would not be missed, and
that she must have natural talents to have survived on her
own. Life on the streets had taught her everything from the

best hiding places and short cuts to where information
could be bought and sold.

To Lawrence's delight, the young woman readily
adapted to unlife in the spy network, loving the excite-
ment. Today Avery still works within the network. Though
she knows her sire's other two childer feud, she does her
best not to interfere in the situation, letting Lawrence
handle it as he sees fit. Avery also styles herself a protector
of the weaker elements in the city, going out of her way to
aid runaways — both mortal and immortal.

Avery is a most unlikely spy. Though a loner at heart,
she is a competent actress in a crowd and can mix and
mingle well to obtain needed information. Whereas her
two "brothers" concentrate their efforts on Kindred affairs,
Avery spends most of her time delving into mortal affairs.
Sire: Lawrence Meeks
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Cavalier

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1851

Apparent Age: 16

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 2, Mimicry 2, Scan 4, Search 4, Sense
Deception 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Bribery 4, Lockpicking 3, Melee
3, Research 4, Security 3, Stealth 4, Tracking 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Cryptography 3, Faerie
Lore 1, Investigation 4, Kindred Lore 4, Linguistics 2,
Lupine Lore 2, Mage Lore 1, New Orleans Knowledge 3,
Psychology 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude
1, Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 3, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Mentor 4, Resources
1, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 7
Image: Avery wa

a quadroon, with a mulatto mother
and a white father. She is not very tall, and her extreme
slenderness makes her seem especially waiflike. What
hair she has left is greasy black.

Roleplaying Hints: You are not antisocial, but you avoid
contact with others unless you have to. Then you are
capable of being quite pleasant.

Haven: A small apartment near the docks.

Secrets: B+

Influence: Avery is most influential in mortal affairs,
though because she is Lawrence's first childe she does
have some small influence in Kindred society.

New Orleans by Night


Roger
Roger is Lawrence Meeks' second childe. Though he
knew he would likely never enjoy the prestige that Lawrence's
first childe had, he hoped he would at least be held in
slightly higher esteem than Lawrence's third childe, Mar-
tin. Unfortunately for Roger, that was not to be the case.

Lawrence Embraced Roger, a spy for the Confederacy
before and after the Battle of New Orleans, in 1865. At first
Roger had grave misgivings about the occupation for which
Lawrence had chosen him, having felt himself a less than
talented spy.

Still, for the next several years Roger did his best to
please Lawrence, following closely in his sire's footsteps and
successfully completing nearly every task Lawrence gave
him. Then Lawrence created his third childe.

Roger felt insulted by Lawrence's creation of another
childe, as though somehow Lawrence did not find in him all
he desired. Lawrence saw a certain benefit to the competi-

tiveness between Roger and Martin; indeed, he encouraged
it, showing a bit more attention to the one who performed
a given task better than the other.

When Lawrence announced he was leaving the net-
work, Roger had few doubts that he would be chosen as its
head. When Martin took control, Roger was infuriated.
Roger vowed to himself that he would never again strive so
hard for something only to be denied.

Only a few short weeks later, Roger began finding other
rewards for his work. Other Kindred, he found, were willing
to pay considerably for his information. His best customer
—Roxy —came to him soon after the death of Doran. This
ss, however, has not been his most profitable sideline.

busin

While searching for information about disappearances
inthe city, Roger inadvertently stumbled across an auction
where young neonates were sold to elders for their blood.
Not thinking it very wise to kill a Nosferatu in Prince
Marcel's service, those running the auction figured it would

be easier to buy Roger's silence, which they managed to do
fora sizable sum. In order to fulfill his part of the agreement,

Roger continues to "search for clues" and report his findings
fi &

to Martin, steering him away from the auction.

| Roger still sells information to Roxy and other Kindred
i whenever he can. He is also still "investigating the
kidnappings" and does what he can to divert suspicion from
those involved. Between his two sources of income, Roger
sists very comfortably and plots his revenge against Mar-

tin.

Sires Lawrence Meeks
i Nature: Autist

' Demeanor: Cavalier
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1865

* Apparent Age: 30s

4 2 Pad .
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Secial: Charisma 1, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Intrigue 3, Leadership 2, Mimicry 3,
Scan 4, Search 3, Sense Deception 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Bribery 3, Camouflage 3, Fast Talk 3,
Interrogation 4, Lockpicking 3, Melee 2, Pickpocket 3,
Research 3, Security 3, Stealth 3, Tracking 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, City Secrets 4, Cryptogra-
phy 3, Faerie Lore 1, Investigation 3, Kindred Lore 4,
Linguistics 2, Lupine Lore 2, Mage Lore 1, New Orleans
Knowledge 4, Psychology 3, Spirit Lore 1

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 3,
Obfuscate 4, Porence 1, Presence 1, Serpentis 2
Contacts 2, Herd 1, Resources 3,

Backgrounds
Retainers |
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9

Notes: If Lawrence and Martin are aware that Roger is
selling information, they cither do not know what Roger
is
is no evidence that either is aware of Roger's activities,
for he is very good at concealing them, even from the

selling or do not consider it important. However, there

best spies.

Image: A tall, slim Nosferatu with short brown hair and
brown eyes. He almost always dresses in current fashions.
Roleplaying Hints: You speak very quietly and do not
like contact with others but tolerate it for the sake of
your business.

Haven: An apartment in the French Quarter.

Secrets: A -

Influence: Through those who pay him for his silence
Roger has some influence, but not much.

Chapter Four: Characters

Martin

While most Nosferatu find it extremely difficult to gain
acceptance among the Kindred, Martin's experience was quite
the opposite. Embraced by a respected elder to serve Prince
Doran, he found himself welcomed almost at once — something
he found extremely unsettling. Martin has never felt worthy of his
accolades and has only worked harder because of this. Now his -
grotesque appearance makes him feel even more unworthy. :

Martin was Meeks' third childe. The other two were a young -
woman named Avery and a man in his early 20s named Réger, —
Both had done well in their positions; Martin, being the y:
of the three, was determined not to disappoint his sire. N

In the years he worked for his sire, Martin |

explanation, Doran appointed Muteel :
network. Martin could find no justification for Marcel's appoint-
ment to his post, but also knew that there vas little he could e

but accept it.

For the next 40yearsthinggwept ile A IMforNewOridans.
A great deal of the turmoil that had plagued the City sinlee its,
founding seemed to subside. Doran continued hisiplans to shape
New Orleans into his utopian dream. In 1955, however, Marcel:
reported that word had come from Lafayette of an assassination: 2
plot aimed at Doran. Marcel claimed that thé Black Spiral
Dancers were planning the: assassinaitio part of their war
against the Uktena. Marcel them ; in and two others
from the network to go to Lafayette mpt to earn more of
the plot. j :

During the few nights that Martin and his group were gone,
disaster struck in New Orleans. By the time Martin and the others
returned to the city, Doran had been destroyed.

Over the next several weeks the struggle for power reached
its crescendo, during which time Martin stayed with his sire.
When the chaos subsided, Marcel had been crowned Prince of
New Orleans, and Martin found himself reappointed to his
former post as head of the spy network.

Today Martin still serves as head of the network. Whereas
he may notnecessarily like Marcel, he does acknowledge Marcel's
position and feels it is his duty to serve him. Martin harbors
suspicions against the young Ventrue and his place in the events
thar led to Doran's death, though to date he has never been able
to prove anything. Indeed, he often feels that his first obligation
is to his sire.

Sire: Lawrence Meeks

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1871

Apparent Age: 40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0

- Investigation 3, Kindred Lore 4, Linguist

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 4, Diplomacy 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Intrigue 3, Leadership 3, Mimicry 3, Scan 4
Search 3, Sense Deception 4

Skills: Bribery 3, Camouflage 3, Fast Talk 3, Hypnotism 4,
Interrogation 4, Lockpicking 3, Melee 2, Pickpocket 3

g
» Research 3, Security 3, Stealth 3, Tracking 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Cryptography 4, Facric Lore 1,
cs 2, Lupine Lore 2,
Mage Lore 1, New Orleans Knowledge 5, Psychology 3, Spirit
Lore 1
~ Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Obfuscate 3,
Poterice 3, Thaumaturgy 1
Backgrounds: Allies.2, Contacts 2, Mentor 4, Resources 1,
Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Cantro! 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 9
Image: Martin is gaunt and rather tall, with dark brown
eyes. He dresses almost solely in black, occasionally opting
* for dark blue; brown or gray when he wants a change.
Roleplaying Hints: Yc " are usually on some business for Prince
larcel and teally don't have time to sit and chat with anyone.
"If others care to try to Keep up with you, you are very short and
i | direct in your answers. Unlike your sire, you are not very
: 1 talkative, preferring to stay away from others. You have never
i had your sire's ability to see who was manipulating things
behind the scenes, and this leaves you constantly on edge.

Haven: An abandoned warehouse near the docks of the
Inner Harbor Navigation Canal.

Secrets: A-

Influence: Like his sire, Martin has little influence in the
mortal affairs of the city, but that is of little consequence to
him. Any business he needs accomplished can be handled
by someone with the proper connections in exchange for a
few business secrets.

64 New Orleans by Night


To outside observers, New Orleans is Toreador heaven,
and this accounts for the large number of Toreador who
come to the city fora short time. While few seek permanent
havens in the city, Toreador often visit it, if only for a few
nights at a time. Many Toreador can be found sitting in with
the jazz bands or among the crowds in the French Quarter.
The clan is loosely organized in the city, but newcomers
always seem to have a fairly good idea of where other clan
members can be found.

Morgaine

It has been so long; very few remember her real name.
She calls herself Morgaine, and does her best to live up to the
name. The most prominent Toreador in New Orleans, she
takes every opportunity to meet newcomers and goes out of
her way to seduce the most attractive ones.

Despite the fact that her past is cloaked in mystery,
those who have spent any time with her realize she has a
great deal of power. Some say that she used to practice with
Wiccans, but no one knows to what extent or how long. In
fact, some say she even studied with the ancient Druids. She
can terrify people with but a look.

Artistically, Morgaine is known as a proficient musi-
cian, but her favorite medium is clay. She has created
magnificent and bizarre sculptures; some of her creations are

displayed in museums (under various pseudonyms). When

she is not working in her studio, she usually carries some
Play-Doh™ with her. She tells everyone that it is for stress

 tanagement, but other Kindred know that if she doesn't
have something to do with her hands, she tends to become
violent and irrational.

Morgaine found out early in her unlife that she gets
easily lost in the throes of the Beast. Quite often, she loses
all control. She has assumed her position as leader of New
Orleans' Toreador more through intimidation than any-
thing else. Some members of the Toreador clan are not very
happy with this arrangement, but have been very quiet
about their displeasure.

| Sire: Jacques

: Nature: Bravo
Demeanor: Director
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1649

Apparent Age: 30
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 4, Artistic Expression 3, Alertness 2,
Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Intimidation 5, Leadership 2
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee 1, Music 4,
Sculpture 5, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 3, Finance 1, Linguistics 4,
New Orleans Knowledge 3, Occult 4, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Dominate 4, Necro-
mancy 1, Obfuscate 1, Presence 5, Protean 4,
Thaumaturgy 2 (Lure of Flames 1, Movement of the
Mind 1, Weather Control 1, Path of Conjuring 1, Path
of Corruption 1)
Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with
Morning's Freshness, Deflection of Wooden Doom,
Rebirth of Mortal Vanity, Ward versus Ghouls
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Herd 1, Resources 4,
Retainers 1, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 1, Courage 5
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 8
Image: Morgaine is a petite woman of striking beauty.
Her hair reaches her waist and is a deep, velvety brown.
She has penetrating, jade-green eyes and brilliantly
white, sharp teeth. She dresses in flowing clothing,
mostly white.
Roleplaying Hints: You are extremely outgoing and love
to talk about everything — everything inconsequential.
You never talk about things of great import unless you
must. Then you become exceptionally serious, and sparks
seem to fly from your eyes.

Haven: While Morgaine owns the Lamp Light, she
makes her home in the Garden District.
Secrets: B

Influence: Morgaine makes regular, substantial dona-
tions to almost every cause in town, and as a result has
access to some of the city's most influential mortals.
Additionally, because of the (albeit exaggerated) rumors
of her might, no Kindred would dare challenge her.

Chapter Four: Characters 65

Josua Cambridge
Raised in New Orleans, Josua always dreamed of being
anartist. He entered the University of New Orleans to begin
his art studies, but teachers told him early on that his talent

was marginal. When he managed to get a few pieces in a

show at a local gallery, Josua's hopes were raised, only to be

dashed by an unflattering review of his work.

Devastated by the review, Josua locked himself in a
basement studio on Royal Street, determined not to leave it
except for art supplies and food until he had produced a work
that would bring praise from those who had ridiculed his
work before. It was in those months, however, that Josua
found his toughest critic to be himself. Nothing satisfied
him; nothing was good enough, he felt, to stun the critics.

One night, too frustrated ro paint anymore, Josua de-
cided to go for a walk along Bourbon Street, hoping the
bright lights, loud music and crowds would somehow revive
his spirit. Returning to his studio in the wee hours of the
morning, he was stunned to find a tall, thin woman there,
flipping through the many paintings lining the walls and
clutrering the floor.

At first the woman took no notice of the young painter
except to command him to be still, but eventually she turned
to him. The stranger told Josua that she had seen his work
on exhibit at the gallery and that she was pleased he had not
let the words of a few foolish critics dissuade him. She
introduced herself only as J. C., an art patron. She promised
Josua that if he would consent to paint her portrait, she
would reward him beyond his dreams — if the final work met
with her approval. Her conditions for the work — that it
only be worked on at night and that he tell no one of it or
show the painting to anyone but her — struck Josua as a bit
odd. Happy at the prospect of making some much-needed
money, however, Josua accepted the project.

The portrait took three weeks to complete, and when it
was done, Josua had to admit it was one of his finest works.
His glowing self-appraisal bolstered his hopes that his client
would like it just as much and pay well for it. When the
woman returned that night to pick up the finished portrait,
however, Josua found himself grabbed and pinned to the
wall. The woman then dug into his neck with her teeth.

When he woke the next night, Josua found himself
stuffed into a closet but, so far as he could tell, not seriously
harmed otherwise. The passing of a few nights taught him
better.

Coming to terms with his new existence left the young
artist on the brink of madness, with art his only ally. Josua
spent many of those first nights painting. His new vampiric
nature gave his art an edge it had never before possessed,
while his madness gave it a quality so disturbing that few
could look upon it and not be affected.

The pictures, landscapes and portraits had a haunting
beauty to them. Colors mixed together as though there were
no real borders, only varying shades of one color within the
entire work. Josua only used darker and lunar hues, mixing
them to form frightening portraits of a reality that only he
could portray — the vampire's world into which he had been
thrust. Though Josua painted many different portraits, the
ones on which he spent the most time were those of the
young woman who had so horribly altered his existence. He
painted two exquisite portraits of her, but kept them both
locked in a large trunk.

Itdid not take long for the neonate to gain the attention
of other Kindred, especially when he began standing on
street corners in the French Quarter, loudly hawking his
paintings as though he were a carnival barker. To the mortal
population he became a colorful addition to the street
performers and vendors of the area. The Kindred, however,
took a slightly dimmer view of the young artist.

Two other persons took an interest in Josua and his
paintings. The first was a petty thief named Michael Zyers
who occasionally dabbled in art. The other was a vampire
hunter who took notice of Josua's unusual portraits. Josua
did not always paint portraits of other Kindred he saw on the
streets, but they were among his favorite subjects. Some-
times they were done as standard portraits. Other times they
would appear in a landscape, standing on a street corner of
in the doorway of a local bar. When the subjects of these
paintings suddenly started turning up dead, the Kindred
became even more concerned over the activities of the
young artist.

A week after Josua first appeared on the streets of the
French Quarter, Prince Marcel sent two of his personal
ghouls to bring Josua to his home. Questioning the young
artist, Marcel obtained what answers the tortured mind
could give. When asked who his sire was, Josua could givena
name other than the woman's initials, which he found
amusing because they matched his own. He also produced
her likeness in a pencil drawing that he showed to Marcel.

66 New Orleans by Night


Jt was in that small work that Marcel could not help but see
a certain genius. Despite the disease that gripped Josua's mind,
he still had his talent. Marcel decided to grant Josua sanctuary
at his mansion while he considered the painter's fate.

Marcel had Josua's paintings, along with the painter's
few other belongings, brought to the house. Josua flew into
arage when he discovered that several of his paintings were
missing. When Marcel questioned his Retainers on the
matter, they confirmed that the door to the studio had been
unlocked. It took Josua only a few moments to identity the
among them the portraits he had done

missing paintings

of his sire.

The matter of the missing portraits soon became of

) oreat concern to Prince Marcel. The portraits, Marcel rea-
_soned, might eventually end up anywhere in or out of the
"city, possibly even in the hands of a vampire hunter.

| To this night the portraits have not been recovered.
|The Kindred keep a constant watch for them in the city's
museums and galleries. Marcel has also quietly enlisted the

| sid of Kindred in other cities to watch for the portraits or

eir subject, who is wanted in New Orleans.

Josua now lives in a small but comfortable room in
‘Marcel's house, where he is allowed to pursue his painting.
While not all of the Kindred are satisfied with the solution,
+ they have not complained and instead wait for the sire to be
~aptured. Josua has begun to gain friends and allies among

New Orleans' Kindred and may be granted permanent

4

lency in the city.

Backed by a natural charisma and greatly enhanced by his

sm, Josua has an ability to seduce that is almost beyond

Aiscontrol. The only offsetting factor to this ability is the fact

"hat most view the young artist as a lunatic. Josua, however, is
_In the back of his mind he constantly plots

oe against the woman who stole his life.

Site: Julia Cammeron

Nature: Survivor

~ kmeanor: Deviant
_beneration: 12th
"Timbrace: 1993
"Apparent Age: Early 20s
hysical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
ial: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
‘ental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
hints: Alertness 3, Artistic Expression 4, Empathy 1,

Tehuction 4, Streetwise 3
ils: Drive 3, Etiquette 1, Fast Talk 1, Hypnotism 2,

tography 3, Survival 3
awledges: Art History 2, New Orleans Knowledge 3,

Osiplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Presence 2
grounds: Contacts 2, Mentor 4, Stratus 1
tues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Willpower: 6
Notes: Josua is usually low on blood, for he spends a
great deal when he paints. In addition to the normal
expenditure on Dexterity, Josua has developed a unique
ability to spend it on Perception as well, though a side
effect of this power evokes images Josua can only
consider hallucinatory.

Image: A tall, thin man with a boyish face, charming
smile, shoulder-length sandy-blond hair and bright green
eyes. He usually wears jeans and T-shirts.

Roleplaying Hints: When you were still mortal you had
a type of charisma that people envy in others. When you
were Embraced, everything about you was enhanced,
including your already powerful charisma. You can
captivate with as little as a passing glance. You speak
eloquently and quietly, with a soft purr that only serves
to further your charismatic influence over people.
Haven: Marcel's home.

Secrets: C

Influence: None.

Julia Cammeron

Julia left her upper-middle-class home in Boston when
she was 15 and headed for New Orleans, escaping what she
felt were uncaring parents. She began her adventure as a
mortal, but ended it among the undead, for she was Em-
braced in a fit of passion by a Toreador.

Adjusting with remarkable ease to her new existence,
Julia saw no reason to alter her plans. She continued on to
New Orleans without her sire. Once in the city, Julia found
herself somewhat ostracized by other Kindred, who per-
ceived her shy and quiet manner as aloofness. After several
weeks of living on the fringes of vampiric society, snubbed
by Morgaine and Marcel alike, Julia was naturally flatrered
when an elder of Marcel's own clan took an interest in her.

Chapter Four: Characters 67

The Ventrue elder,
vampire

Karen Chartry, offered the young
helter in her home for as long as she needed it.

Having just grown accustomed to life on the streets,
Julia suddenly found herself returned to the lap of luxury.
Everything she wanted wz

s handed to her by a patron who
asked for very little in return — only that Julia follow a few
simple rules, most of which seemed designed to keep Julia's
presence at the house a secret. She was neither to go out
without her patron's permission nor to speak to anyone
outside the house. She was to tell no one where she lived or
to associate with anyone from her past. Despite these
restrictions, Julia was satisfied with her new e>

stence.,

Nothing seemed capable of destroying Julia's content-
mentuntil her patron came home one night talking endlessly
about a young artist she had met at the University of New
Orleans. For nights it seemed Karen talked of nothing else
but this Josua Cambridge, and Julia soon developed a deep
resentment for her unseen rival. The relationship, how-
ever, seemed to burn itself out before it even got started.
Before long Karen's talk of love and devotion turned to talk
of revenge for a spurned love.

Already hating the young artist, first for steal ing Karen's
attention away from her and then for hurting her patton,
Julia was all too happy to be included in Karen's plans for
revenge. Karen decided to let some time pass however,
before she put those plans, into action Several months
went by before!Julia could savor her own revenge against
the artist.

Karen's instructions were simple enough. One night
Julia was to journey to the artist's studio in the French
Quarter pretending to be an art patron who greatly admired
his work. She would flatter him into agreeing to paint her
portrait, partly by her feigned admiration and partly by the
promise of a large sum of money. In the end, of course, she
was to reject the work as that of an inc« ompetent, destroying
his confidence and, later, his life.

For three weeks Julia came each night to sit for Josua.
Though during these sessions she said very little to him, she
began to find herself captivated by the artist. Karen had
neglected to warn the young girl of the artist's natural
charisma and charm, for which she herself had fallen so
easily. Each time Josua tried to engage Julia in conversa-
tion, she could feel his natural allure, so strong that it
seemed it had the power to turn her from her path.

When the portrait was completed, Julia could not
finish her task. She Embraced the young artist and then
shoved him into a small closet, leaving with the portrait.

She did not expect Josua to survive this change, and
was amazed when she found out what had happened to the
painter in the aftermath. She was especially horrified to
discover that more paintings of her existed, and were
missing. Today Julia lives a sequestered existence, never
leaving Karen's house for fear of her unlife.

Sire: Pat Pushnig
Nature: Sycophant
Demeanor: Loner
Generation: Lith
Embrace: 1985
Apparent Age: 15

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

SocialsyCharisma 35 Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

i Mental; Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

‘Talents: Acting 2, Egpathy ¥, Seduction 2, Singing 3,
Street wisey2! i
Skills: Garousing 2, Danee,3, Etiquette 1, Fast Talk 1,
Masquerade 1, Musie-3*
Knowledges: Computer 2)New Orleans Knowledge |
| Disciplines: Auspex 3, Presence 2, Celerity 1
‘Backgrounds: \Mentor'?, Resatirces 2.
Virtués*Conseignce 3, Self: Gantrol 2, Coutage 2
Humanity: 4)
‘Willpower: 5
Image: Avtall, thin girl whd With ct the right makeup can
look older than her 15 mértal years. She has green eyes
and is always well dressed.
Roleplaying Hints: You try your best to imitate your
Mentor in all things, and your shyness has turned to
aloofness. You are a loner, but at heart you desperately
want to fit in. Toward that end you will do almost
anything to please the person who seems to be able to
give that to you.
Haven: Karen Chartry's
Secrets: C-

house in the € Garden District.

Influence: None. She has done everything she can to
make the Kindred forget she exists, and is thinking of

leaving New Orleans soon, though as yet she cannot
bring herself to leave her Mentor.

New Orleans by Night


The Tremere of New Orleans make up one of the most
powerful, yet least respected chantries in the United States.
An odd collection of misfits have settled here, and Kindred
in the city debate their effectiveness. Indeed, the clan is
unwilling to send anyone valuable to New Orleans, for its
elders know the mages in the city consider the Tremere
enemies.

Antonio Calbullarshi

Still considered a child by the Tremere clan, Antonio
Calbullarshi causes the Tremere elders more trouble than
they are certain he is worth. His Mentor, however, sits on
the Council of Seven in Vienna, and so for the time Antonio
is forgiven many of his rash acts.

Embraced in the early 1700s, Antonio readily adapted
to his new existence as a vampire but did not fit in among the
Tremere. He created progeny on a whim, without the
council's permission. Two such childer were Antonio's
greatest triumphs as well as his worst defeats. They brought
him acclaim for what they accomplished and castigation for
having created them without permission.

The first of Antonio's childer was Nigel Porter, an
English alchemist who had traveled the world seeking im-
mortality. Porter's search brought him to Vienna, where he
petitioned the Council of Seven for eternal life. Rather than
grant him immortality, however, the Seven Elders ordered
the alchemist killed. Defying the council's order, Antonio
helped Nigel escape.

Feeling that Porter could be a great asset to his clan,
Antonio Embraced him, thinking of the status he would
gain when the Seven reconsidered their decision. Instead,
sire and childe found themselves fleeing the city when the
Seven discovered what Antonio had done. Even Antonio's
Mentor could not succor him this time, and so Antonio and
Nigel fled to England.

In the late 1700s Antonio began to consider traveling
to the New World. Other hunted Kindred had gone there to
escape punishment or persecution. When Nigel finally
agreed, Antonio traveled ahead of his childe to make sure
they would be safe there. Arriving at the docks in Massachu-
setts, Antonio found others of his clan unwilling to associate
with him openly. Within a few nights, the area's Tremere
had heard of his arrival and begun to search for him.

Unwilling to return to England, Antonio headed into
the western wilderness, hoping to find a peaceful, safe home
for himself and his childe. Such a place constantly eluded

him. No sooner would he settle in an area than the Tremere
would find him, forcing him to move once more. This
constant danger kept Antonio from contacting his childe
when Nigel finally arrived in Massachusetts. Antonio de-
cided Nigel would have a better unlife without him, and so
Antonio again crossed the mountains and headed west.

For decades Antonio lived in the wilderness until the
cities began to overtake the open spaces. Following the
Anarch Revolt in California, Antonio decided he might be
safer back east and returned to New England. It was there
that the fugitive Tremere made his second great mistake,
performed in hopes of atoning for his first.

While out hunting one night, Antonio became aware
of a strong magical presence near him. Fearing a member of
his clan (for he was still hunted by the Council of Seven),
Antonio found a safe hiding place in the shadows of a side
alleyway. His curiosity, however, did not let him run very
far. From the alleyway he watched, feeling the presence
come closer. He was surprised, however, to see a beautiful
young woman walking down the street toward him.

as

Having never felt such power in a mortal, Antonio
could think only of the perfect addition such a person would
make to his clan. What Antonio did not know was that the
young woman, Marie D'Richet, was the daughter of a very
powerful mage and had plans of her own.

After Antonio Embraced the young woman and pre-
sented her to the chantry in Hartford, Connecticut, he
found himself once again on the run for his life. The chantry
leader recognized the young woman and realized that her
father was not likely to bother singling out the specific
vampire responsible when he came seeking his revenge.
Antonio sought to take his childe with him when he fled
Hartford, but she refused to leave with him and instead fled
to New Orleans.

With no other plan of his own, Antonio followed his
childe to the city, where he discovered that the woman,
Marie, had used him. She had lured him into Embracing her
so that she could share in the unlife of her lover, Marcel, the
Prince of New Orleans.

Still hunted by his clan, Antonio has chosen to remain
in New Orleans, hiding among the outcast Kindred who
make the city home. Although he is aware of Nigel's pres-
ence in the city, he feels it is better for his childe if he stays
apart from him.

Chapter Four: Characters 69


Sire: Astio Giavetti
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1723

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 6, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Scrounging 3, Sense Deception 2,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Disguise 4, Drive 1, Etiquette 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 4

Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 6,
Mage Lore 2, New Orleans Knowledge 3, Occult 3,
Research 5, Spirit Lore 2, Toxicology 2

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 5, Celerity 1,
Dominate 4, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 2, Presence 1,
Thaumaturgy 5 (Weather Control 4, Path of Conjuring 4,
Movement of the Mind 3, Lure of Flames 2, Spirit
Thaumaturgy 2)

Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with
Morning's Freshness, Communicate with Kindred Sire,

Deflection of Wooden Doom, Devil's Touch, Engaging
the Vessel of Transference, Incantation of the Shepherd
Ward versus Ghouls, Donning the Mask of Shadows,
Principal Focus of Vitae Infusion, Sense of the Soul,
Pavis of Foul Presence, Flesh of Fiery Touch, Incorporeal
Passage, Taste of the Bitter Touch, The Impenetrable
Gloom, Ward versus Kindred, Blood Contract
Backgrounds: Contacts 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 6

Notes: Originally a member of Astio Giavetti's Herd,
Antonio showed a great talent with magic, especially
rituals. He has developed three of his own. One, Sense
of the Soul, allows him to determine whether an
individual has ever used magical energies. Another, The
Impenetrable Gloom, creates a thick black fog that no
Auspex or Protean power of less than sixth level can
penetrate. The last, Taste of the Bitter Touch, causes
those who touch Antonio to make Willpower rolls
(difficulty 6) to remain near him.

.

Antonio's actions have led a number of Tremere to ask
why he was never Blood Bound to the Council. In fact,
such a Bond exists.

Image: A short, dark-haired young man with strong
Italian features. Antonio dresses very casually, mostly in
shorts, jeans, and T-shirts.

Roleplaying Hints: "Hyperactive" best describes you.
While you enjoy unlife, you have trouble conforming to
the rules of Kindred society. Having enough problems of
your own, you have little time to be bothered with other
people's troubles. If someone is willing to trade favors
with you, however, and you feel that the person may be
able to help you in some way, you are willing to listen.
Haven: Various abandoned buildings and houses outside
the city limits.

Secrets: C+

Influence: Antonio's Mentor makes a point of calling
Antonio the clan's lightning rod, pointing out that
whatever dangers strike the clan will probably start with
him. Other Tremere do not argue the point, but hope
New Orleans will put an end to Antonio's immaturity
one way or another.

f

0
U

New Orleans by Night

Nigel Porter

Nigel Porter was born in England in 1712 to an upper-
middle-class family. Though provided with a very liberal
education, the sciences drew most of his attention. Rather
than turn his studies to more credible sciences like as-
tronomy or medicine, Nigel found his interest captivated
by alchemy and the search for immortality. Though he
managed to become a formidable alchemist, immortality
continued to elude him.

As Nigel aged, he devoted more and more of his time
to the search for eternal life. He traveled across Europe,
listening to charlatans and fools of all types. He heard
stories of ancient sorcerers who had discovered the secret of
immortality, tales of demons who granted it to mortals for
a price, and the ever-recurring legends of vampires. Over
and over Nigel heard tales of vampires. While other leg-
ends were strictly regional, those involving vampires were
ubiquitous. So Nigel began to seek out the Damned, hunt-
ing for them across the continent. Finally, his journeys
brought him to Vienna.

There, he found himself dragged from his bed and
brought before the Council of Seven. Stating his case to the
Council, Nigel told the Tremere of his travels and inquiries
into the legends of immortality. He told them of his
research, of the journals he had kept, and of the seemingly
ever-present stories of vampires.

The council patiently listened to the mortal, letting
him reveal all that he knew of them. When he was finished,
Nigel offered to share all of his skills and knowledge with
the Tremere in exchange for immortality. The Seven
Elders merely laughed at the alchemist. They told him that
they had heard nothing of value in his monologue. Rather
than having found immortality, they mockingly whis-
pered, he had in fact found his death.

Before any of the Seven Elders could act, however, a thick
black smoke filled the room. Nigel felt himself grabbed from
behind, hurled out of the building and pulled into the street.
Scrambling to his feet, he tried to run but found himself
grabbed and dragged into a side alley. A hand clamped over his
mouth and another held him pinned to the wall.

His attacker told Nigel that he was a Tremere, a
member of the clan whose elders now sought to kill him. He
said he had listened to what Nigel had told the Seven
Elders, and that they were fools not to see the benefits of
Embracing Nigel. Realizing the council members meant to
kill Nigel, Antonio Calbullarshi had worked a simple spell
to give himself some cover and had pulled Nigel from the
council chambers and out of the building.

The two spent the rest of the night in a small cave
outside the city. The following night the young Tremere
Embraced Nigel. The pair headed for England, fearing the
Council of S

Seven's wrath. For the next several decades the
two traveled about England. Despite being the childe,
Nigel soon became the pair's guardian. He made most of

their decisions, including when and where they would go
and for how long they would settle in one place.

In the late 1700s, Nigel and his sire temporarily parted
company. Antonio went to North America to make ar-
rangements for them to settle there, while Nigel made
arrangements for their finances and belongings. In the
course of his preparations, Nigel Embraced his nephew,
Sebastian Walcott, who also studied the occult and showed
signs of promise.

When Nigel and Sebastian arrived in Massachusetts,
Nigel quickly began to search for his sire. He managed to
follow his path as far south as Virginia, but there lost all
trace of Antonio. Not knowing what else to do, Nigel
returned with Sebastian to Massachusetts, hoping Antonio
would come there looking for him. For several decades they
remained in Boston, taking part in the Tremere wars in
New England, but headed west in the early 19th century.

Nigel himself is still not accepted by the clan. He has
tried to win its acceptance, without success. Indeed, younger
Tremere have tried to make their names by destroying him,
and he has barely survived several attempts on his unlife.

In the 1940s Nigel became aware that no official
Tremere chantry existed in New Orleans and saw his
chance to make his mark. He and Sebastian headed to the
city, where they immediately encountered mages intent on
their destruction. Only the most desperate actions on their
part, as well as a surprise Lupine attack against the mages
they were fighting, left them victorious.

Since then Nigel has spent almost all his time trying to
placate the city's mage population, and has remained in the
background while Sebastian has established the city's
chantry. Now Nigel lives just down the street from his
nephew, in an apartment on Royal Street in the French
Quarter.

Chapter Four: Characters 71


Over the decades Nigel has seen his nephew suffer
from dark and sinister moods. During these moods
Sebastian's behavior becomes erratic and dangerous, threat-
ening not just himself but those around him. Their present
arrangement allows for Nigel to take custody of Sebastian
during these times and restrain him in the chantry until the
spell has ended.

In trying to offset the occurrences of these moods,
Nigel does what he can to engage Sebastian in activities he
seems to enjoy, especially cribbage. Sebastian has often
told his caretaker that their games are more a reckoning
than a game. When a certain point spread is reached,
Sebastian claims, he intends to kill himself. Not knowing
whether Sebastian is truly serious, but being an excellent
manipulator of cards, Nigel has seen to it that Sebastian
never reaches that spread.

Sire: Antonio Calbullarshi

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1776

Apparent Age: Mid-60s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Diplomacy 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Intrigue 2, Sense Deception 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Gambling 3, Game Playing 3,
Hypnotism 4, Music 2, Research 5, Survival 1
Knowledges: Alchemy 5, Astrology 1, Bureaucracy 3,
Camarilla Lore 2, Computer 2, Faerie Lore 1, Investiga-
tion 4, Linguistics 4, Lupine Lore 1, Mage Lore 3,
Medicine 4, Occult 3, Spirit Lore 1, Toxicology 1
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 4, Fortitude 1,
Obfuscate 4, Presence 3, Thaumaturgy 4 (Lure of
Flames 4, Movement of the Mind 3, Weather Control 3,
Elemental Mastery 1)

Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with
Morning's Freshness, Deflection of Wooden Doom, The
Rite of Introduction, Engaging the Vessel of Transfer-
ence, Incantation of the Shepherd, Blood Walk, Ward
versus Ghouls, Donning the Mask of Shadows, Principal
Focus of Vitze Infusion, Ward versus Lupines, Pavis of
Foul Presence, Incorporeal Passage, The Impenetrable
Gloom, Bone of Lies

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Influence 2, Re-
sources 3, Mentor 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 9

Willpower: 8

Notes: Nigel was an extremely gifted alchemist as a
mortal and has access to powers other Tremere do not.
Storytellers should feel free to invent these as needed,
but they can include anything from poison gases that
affect Kindred to paths of study that can return lost
Humanity.

Image: Of average build, though a bit tall, Nigel has
graying black hair, a mustache and trimmed beard. He
has light brown eyes and tends to dress a bit conserva-
tively.

Roleplaying Hints: Answer all questions directly, but
offer no more information than is requested. You tend to
refuse any request for help beyond the answering of a few
simple questions; most of your time is spent looking after
your childe.

Haven: A fairly large apartment on Royal Street.
Secrets: A

Influence: Nigel does have some contacts in the mortal
business world, but only so far as his own interests there
reach. He has very little influence, however, in Kindred
politics. While he used to be attacked by Tremere, he
has suffered no such indignity in New Orleans. Indeed,
he believes the clan watches every move he makes here;
he is determined to let nothing spoil this attempt at
recognition.

72 New Orleans by Night

Sebastian Walcott

As a boy, Sebastian worshipped his Uncle Nigel and,
after the old man disappeared, became the keeper of his

journals and books. Here Sebastian found a wealth of

fascinating information. Determined to equal or exceed his
uncle's knowledge, Sebastian plunged into alchemical stud-
ies with a vengeance, soon learning everything his uncle
had written down.

Unfortunately, his uncle had never written down his
most important secrets, and Sebastian's experiments were
doomed from the moment he began. While most of these
failures were harmless, his attempts at finding immortality
were not. Concoctions his uncle had documented but knew
better than to try, Sebastian prepared and drank. Skin
ointments his uncle had written down as a joke, Sebastian
mixed and applied. After imbibing one particularly bizarre
hallucinogenic concoction, Sebastian was never quite the
same. Whenever Nigel tries to fathom a cause for Sebastian's
insanity, he looks at his own journals and cries tears of
blood.

Sebastian, while a gifted Thaumaturgist, has had spe-
cial problems adjusting to vampirism. He has been especially
hurt by the Tremere's rejection of his efforts to become
established within the clan, and would do almost anything
to gain the clan's approval. Thus, Sebastian has made every
effort to reconcile himself and his uncle with the Tremere

with no success. He is the de facto chantry master of New
Orleans, but the Tremere do not recognize his position.
The combination of his quest for acceptance and his drug-

induced psychosis has led to bouts of depression and
unhappiness. His threats to his uncle are quite serious, and
his death would be spectacular.

Sire: Nigel Porter

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1783

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Talents: Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Masquerade 3
Skills: Etiquette 2, Gambling 1, Game Playing 1,
Hypnotism 4, Music 3, Repair 2, Research 4, Security 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Alchemy 5, Astrology 2, Camarilla Lore 1,
Faerie Lore 1, Investigation 4, Linguistics 2, Lupine Lore
1, Mage Lore 1, Medicine 5, Occult 2, Politics 2, Spirit
Lore |
Discipline

Auspex 5, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 3,

Presence 2, Thaumaturgy 4 (Lure of Flames 3, Move-
ment of the Mind 3, Weather Control 2, Spirit
Thaumaturgy 2)

Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with
Morning's Freshness, Deflection of Wooden Doom, The
Rite of Introduction, Engaging the Vessel of Transfer-
ence, Incantation of the Shepherd, Blood Walk, Ward
versus Ghouls, Donning the Mask of Shadows, Principal

Focus of Vitae Infusion, Ward versus Lupines, Pavis of
Foul Presence, Incorporeal Passage, Bone of Lies
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Influence 1, Mentor 2,
Resources 4, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage |
Humanity: 8

Willpower: 6

Image: A robust young man, Sebastian appears flushed
whenever he has more than three Blood Points in his
system. He has reddish-blond hair, green eyes, and is
clean-shaven.

Roleplaying Hints: Avoid conversations; when you
must talk, always make sure those with whom you speak
know you are the head of the Tremere in New Orleans.
Speak authoritatively and precisely.

Haven: An apartment on Royal Street, though he
maintains a large house in the Garden District to act as
the chantry.

Secrets: B+

Influence: As a good Tremere, Sebastian has accumu-
lated some influence among mortals and is known as a
rich man who will back leading candidates from any
party.

Chapter Four: Characters


Marie D'Richet

The daughter of a powerful mage, Marie evinced a
strong aptitude for and interest in magick. Her father sent
her ona tour of the United States as a precursor to her formal
magickal education, but never expected her to fall in love
with a vampire.

Marie met and fell in love with Prince Marcel while
vacationing in New Orleans. Though attracted to her as he
had never been attracted to anyone else, Marcel refused to
Embrace her. In his conceit, he could conceive of such a
relationship only in the context of sire and childe, not as one
between lovers. Nor did he wish her Embraced by any other
Kindred. He also insisted that any relationship between
mortal and immortal was doomed from the start.

Unwilling to accept Marcel's rationales, Marie left the
city and continued to New England, the next stop on her
travels. Here she sought out vampires in hopes of attracting
a Ventrue to Embrace her. Marie instead found herself
attacked by a Tremere named Antonio Calbullarshi. She
did not discover the error until her sire presented her to the
Hartford Chantry. To make matters worse for the aspiring
mage, the chantry passed a sentence of Final Death on borh
her and her sire, forcing them to flee the city.

Marie decided her only option was to return to New
Orleans. There she hoped her lover would take her in and
protect her not only from the Tremere who sought to kill
her, but from her father's wrath when he learned what she
had done.

Though less than pleased with Maric's aétions, Marcel

could not turn her away. She did what she'could to keep her
father from discovering the truth, but simultaneously at-
tracted unwanted attention from, another quarter» The

city's Setites, acting on their clan oath to destroy anything»

of value to Prince Marcel, attacked Marie one night while
she was out hunting with Anthony, one of Marcel's childer.

The attack was vicious and well planned, designed to

kill both vampires and destroy the bodies. That nig!
however, Christopher, Marcel's other childe, happened t

be down near the docks, hanging out with renegade Brujah.

Christopher arrived on the scene with the Brujah j
time to save the two and drive off the Setites.

in

Though Anthony eventually recovered from his inh ;

ries, Marie fell into torpor and has not yet recovered. Today
her body is still kept under guard'in Marcel's home.

Sire: Antonio Calbullarshi

Nature: Optimist

Demeanor: Thrill-Seeker

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1991

Apparent Age: Late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Backgrounds:

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 3,
Poetic Expression 2

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Research 2
2; Style3

Knowledges: Computer 4, Kindred Lore 2, Linguistics 3,
Lupine Lore 1, Mage Lore 2 Occult 4, Spirit Lore |
Disciplines: "Auspex 2, Dominate 1, Thaumaturgy 2

, Ride 3, Stealth

(Movement of the Mind 1)

Rituals: Defense ‘of the Sacred Haven, Communicate
with Kindred Sire

vllies 2, Mentor 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self Control 2 2, Courage 2

a ‘Humanity: 8
‘ ‘Willpower: 7

Notes: Marie has been in torpor for far longer than
Marcel anticipated, He believes the Setites used some
power or ritual to prolong it, and has been hunting for
those responsible ever since.

Image: An exceptionally beautiful woman with raven-
black hair and \ deen preen eyes. She is 5'6" tall and fairly

thin.

Roleplaying Hints: You are likely still in torpor. If you
have awoken, you are still trying to adjust to unlife. You
ate by nature shy and overly trusting, but try to mask
these traits by acting bold and impulsive.

Haven: The home of the Prince of New Orleans
Secrets: B

Influence: None.

74 New Orleans by Night

Moenteue

Clan Ventrue has dominated New Orleans since the
city's foundation. It is not so numerous as some clans, and
fewer Ventrue come to visit than do members of most other
clans. Nonetheless, its members rule the city. Despite the
clan's power, internecine feuds have weakened the clan's
rule and will continue to do so.

Marcel Guilbeau

Many New Orleans Kindred wonder who actually
rules the city. Though none disputes that Marcel is the
prince, many suspect a shadow behind the throne. The
shadow, some believe, belongs to Marcel's rarely men-
tioned and unseen brother, Jereaux.

Many doubt Jereaux exists at all. Some believe the
prince is but a figurehead controlled by his older brother.
Others feel that the two rule the city jointly, with neither
exercising absolute power. Few know the whole story of the
two brothers.

Marcel and his older brother Jereaux lived on their
family's plantation south of Baton Rouge. As he grew older,
Marcel came to idolize Jereaux. When the Civil War broke
out, Marcel enlisted along with his brother, hoping they
would serve in the same unit. Illness kept Marcel from
joining Jereaux when he was sent to Tennessee. When he
recovered, Marcel was sent east, where he eventually
joined Jeb Stuart's cavalry.

Though Marcel tried to remain in contact with his
brother, they lost touch several months before the war
ended. When he returned home, hoping to find his brother,
he was instead told by his parents that they had heard
nothing from Jereaux for several months.

For nearly a year, while Marcel worked to rebuild his
family's plantation, he also spent a great deal of time
seeking his brother's whereabouts. Army records told him
little, however, and as his search yielded less and less useful
information, Marcel's hopes began to fade. Finally, exactly
one year after he had returned home, Marcel was awakened

by the excited cries of his parents. Two men were riding up -

to the house, and one of the men was his brother Jereaux.

In his excitement, Marcel failed to notice anything
different about his brother or anything strange about his
older traveling companion. He did not question when the
two retired for the day to a room they had requested be
completely shielded from the sunlight, claiming fatigue
from their journey. Both remained in their room for the
entire day, coming out only after the sun had set.

The routine continued for the next three days and
might have continued much longer had Jereaux, impatient
to get on with his plans, not intervened. On the third night,
Jereaux went to his brother and told him what had hap-
pened to him during the war. Shortly before the war ended,
he had been mortally wounded in a skirmish in eastern
Georgia. He had managed to pull himself away from the
fighting and find safety in a small grove of trees. When he
awoke that night, he found that the battle, and his unit, had
moved on. He staggered after them, only to fall uncon-
scious after traveling a few miles,

When he next awakened, he found himself in the
home of an old man calling himself Lothar Constantine.
Constantine explained that he was a vampire, a member of
the Ventrue clan, who had been watching the young man
the night before as he struggled to save his own life. Only
in the last moments, when it became clear to him that the
young man would not survive if something was nor done,
had Constantine intervened.

The changes caused by the Embrace shocked Jereaux,
who struggled to adapt to the demands of h

is vampiric
nature. Returning home seemed impossible at first, but the
ever-growing need to know his brother's fate soon brought
him to the plantation.

Jereaux told his brother that he had feared him dead,
and that he never again wanted to fear such a thing. During
the trip to the plantation, Jereaux had already broached the
idea of Embracing Marcel, and Constantine had agreed to
it. Marcel's initial horror at the suggestion crumbled as
Jereaux used what influence he had over his brother, finally
coaxing Marcel into allowing Constantine to Embrace
him.

The very next night Jereaux watched as his sire Em-
braced his younger brother. After the change, Jereaux's
attitude toward the old man darkened. He separated him-
self and his brother from their sire as much as possible,
giving Constantine a room ina different part of the house.
He allowed Constantine as little rime as he could with
Marcel, taking it upon himself to train his younger brother
in the ways of the Kindred and their clan. Jereaux did all he
could to make Constantine's existence on the plantation as
unpleasant as possible. On the rare occasions that they did
talk, Jereaux would refer to his sire as an old fool and abuse
him as much as possible.

When Constantine announced his departure, how-
ever, Jereaux appeared apologetic, and the two rode out

~
wn

Chapter Four: Characters


into the night. When Jereaux returned the next night, he
had changed clothes and announced that Constantine
would not be returning. Their sire has never been seen

again.

Jereaux and Marcel then moved to New Orleans.
There Jereaux posed as Marcel's sire and began making
political connections with other prominent Kindred. Mean-
while, Marcel earned a position in Prince Doran's spy
network, where he utilized many of the talents he had
learned during the war. Jereaux, who dealt regularly with
Lawrence, the city's leading Nosferatu, saw that Marcel was
appointed head of the network.

When Doran was murdered, Jereaux convinced Marcel
that he could sway enough of the elders to support Marcel
for the princeship. Those who did not support Marcel could
be persuaded through blackmail, using the various bits of
information Marcel had accumulated in his years in the spy
network. Mere nights after the death of New Orleans' old
prince, Marcel became her new one.

Shortly thereafter, Jereaux all but disappeared from
Kindred society, soon becoming but a distant memory.
Marcel himself almost never speaks his brother's name. To
those more aware of the subtle changes in the city, how-
ever, Jereaux's influence never left New Orleans. Marcel
rarely takes advice from the city's elders; indeed, he occa-
sionally acts in opposition to their suggestions. He often
puts off problems for several nights and spends that time at
the family plantation before returning with a decision.

Jereaux exists contentedly on the family plantation.
He still helps his brother rule the city, while keeping
himself at arm's length from the dangers such a position
gs with it. But Jereaux has not abandoned his brother.
in fact, his brother's shield. Should Marcel become
suspicious of anyone, or should his spy network inform him
of a plot against him, Marcel reports the information to

Jereaux. If Jereaux feels that the threat is legitimate, he
deals with it, leaving Marcel's hands clean of any ensuing
incidents.

Sire: Lothar Constantine

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1866

Apparent Age: 31

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Diplomacy 3,
Dodge 4, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Ride 3,
Security 2, Stealth 3, Style 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Camarilla Lore 3, Finance 3,
Kindred Lore 3, Law 3, Linguistics 2, Literature 2,
Lupine Lore 3, Mage Lore 2, New Orleans Knowledge 5,
Occult 3, Politics 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 4,
Fortitude 5, Obfuscate 4, Potence 2, Presence 5
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Herd 4, Influence 3,
Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: Marcel feeds only on young men — the more
attractive, the better.

Image: A tall, attractive man with dark brown hair and
blue eyes, at 6'2" he cuts a very impressive figure. He
usually dresses in tailored suits or whatever is presently
fashionable.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite all the pressure you are
under, you do not allow it to show. You smile a great
deal and always speak in an even, refined tone. You tend
to treat those who cross you as though they were
disobedient children, trying to coax them to see your
point of view.

Haven: Rubis d'le Nuit, a plantation several miles to the
west of New Orleans.

Secrets: A+

Influence: Despite Marcel's political problems, he still
wields most of the power in New Orleans. He manipu-
lates local politics and business to suit his needs, and has
something of a stranglehold on both, though his state-
wide influence is limited. Though he does not control
the police department, he has negotiated some influence
within it by making concessions with Detective Carter.
Marcel also has some influence with the Uktena via the
land treaty, though this influence is shaky at best.

New Orleans by Night

Christopher
Christopher is Marcel's prime example of the dictum,
"The qualities of our clan are not inherent in our blood."
Marcel Embraced the young man in hopes of grooming him
to help run the city and perhaps rule it one night. On the
advice of Ventrue in other cities, he sought to Embrace
someone from within his own family. With no mortal
children of his own, however, Marcel could only seek such
a person from among his distant cousins. After months of
searching, he found Christopher, related to Marcel on his
father's side of the family.

From the night he was Embraced, Christopher's goal in
unlife seemed to be determining just how much abuse his
distant cousin could endure before completely losing all
patience. His family sent him to Marcel after Christopher
had run away to New York. In the street-smart young
runaway, Marcel believed he saw the determination and
stubbornness he was seeking, What he got was a "rebellious,
ungrateful little hellion" whose greatest show of gratitude
or affection was simple obedience, and then usually only
when he wanted something from Marcel.

The very night Marcel Embraced him, Christopher
disappeared and began running wild in the streets of New
Orleans, draining three mortals of blood before the exas-
perated Marcel managed to retrieve him. Believing the
episode a one-time event (as Christopher swore to him it
was), Marcel accepted him back, hoping to proceed with
molding the boy into what he wanted him to be. Two weeks
later, however, Christopher disappeared again, this time
for two nights, coming back just in time to fall asleep in the
room Marcel had given him.

This pattern continued for almost a year, and Marcel
began to wonder which would cost more face —
Christopher's continuous disobedience or destroying his
own childe. He and Christopher argued bitterly, and Marcel
threatened to do away with the boy and replace him with
another.

Late one night, Christopher returned from a two-week
disappearance to find a boy of about his own age sitting on
the sofa in the front room of the house. When Christopher
asked, the boy told him that his name was Anthony and
that Marcel had Embraced him several nights ago.

Going to Marcel in a rage, Christopher demanded to
know if his sire had decided to replace him. Marcel's only
answer was that the boy, Anthony, was there should
Christopher give him reason to carry out his threat.

Rather than curbing his behavior, Christopher re-
newed his old activities with a vengeance. He hoped to call
Marcel on the bluff he felt sure his sire was making. Marcel,
however, seemed unimpressed with the boy's activities.
Instead of gaining Marcel's attention, Christopher saw his
sire spending more and more of his time with Anthony.

Infuriated that his ploy did not work, Christopher
again ran off into the city, disappearing for several nights.

He spent much of his time with the city's Brujah until
Dutch, the clan's leader, convinced him to return to his
sire. When he did so, he found Marcel even less interested
in him. With nowhere else to go, however, Christopher
deemed it better to accept the luxury offered him rather
than sleep in the streets. He has modified his behavior
somewhat but still irritates Marcel at every opportunity.

Christopher does not realize the power of the life boon
he has over Anthony, Marie D'Richet and, through them,
Marcel. In saving their unlives from the Setites, he has
gained a mighty weapon...which he does not understand
how to use.

Sire: Marcel

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1985

Apparent Age: 18

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 1, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Security 1, Stealth 2,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 1, Kindred Lore 1, New
Orleans Knowledge 2, Politics 2

Disciplines: Dominate 1, Celerity 1, Fortitude 2,
Potence 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 2, Mentor 4, Resources 1,
Status |

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Chapter Four: Characters


Willpower: 8

Notes: Christopher will not feed on anyone over 20
years old.

Image: Christopher is nearly six feet tall, with long,
sandy-blond hair that hangs past his shoulders. He is
clean-shaven and has light blue eyes. He prefers to dress
in jeans and T-shirts, wearing a blue denim jacket and
black boots when he goes out.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak very little, revealing as little
of yourself as possible. When you do speak, use an
authoritative tone and be as menacing as you can.
Haven: Several different ones, mostly located in the
French Quarter. He also maintains a room in Marcel's
house.

Secrets: B

Influence: Despite the fact that he is Marcel's childe
and technically has substantial influence in the city,
Christopher does not use his position. He wishes to be as
little indebted to Marcel as possible and prefers to earn
power and influence on his own. What he does not
know is that Dutch watches out for him and is his main
protector. He also does not know that a Ventrue
antitribu of the Sabbat has an eye on him.

Anthony

Anthony left an abusive home when he was 15. He had
lived on the streets of New Orleans for nearly two years
before Marcel found him sleeping in an alley in the French
Quarter. Taking him back to his house, Marcel found
himself pleasantly surprised by the boy's ready wit, good
humor and apparent intelligence. He also learned that the
boy was infected with AIDS. The disease advanced quickly
in the boy. Soon it was a question of Embracing him or
letting him die a torturously slow death.

The illness has affected Anthony's features and ap-

pearance, which had been as fine as Christopher's when

Marcel first found him. He is unusually gaunt even for a
yg

vampire, with bony hands, arms and legs, hollow cheeks

and dark discoloration about his eyes. Anthony immedi-
ately noted the stark difference between him and Marcel's
other child, Christopher. While Anthony was only five-
and-one-half feet tall and had thinning brown hair,
Christopher was six feet tall and well muscled, with a full
mane of sandy-blond hair and bright blue eyes.

The contrast in their appearances alone could have
caused Anthony to resent the other boy; as the weeks
progressed, he found others. Christopher took an immedi-
ate dislike to Anthony, feeling the newcomer was to be his
replacement. Christopher never seemed to miss an oppor-
tunity to abuse Anthony whenever Marcel was absent.
Knowing he lacked the physical ability to defend himself
adequately, Anthony began monopolizing as much of his
sire's time as he could. He stayed close to Marcel under the
pretext of learning as much about the life and duties of his
position as he could.

78 New Orleans by

Today Anthony could probably run New Orleans as
well as, if not better than, his sire. He does so whenever
business calls Marcel away from the city. Anthony is
fiercely loyal to Marcel and has warned him on many
occasions to keep a closer eye on Christopher, feeling his
brother's reckless behavior could one day begin to affect
Marcel's reputation. Now he owes Christopher his unlife,
however, and he realizes the weight of this debt.

Anthony clearly sees himself as the next Prince of New
Orleans, though he does not wish any harm to come to his
Mentor. He is totally devoted to Marcel, secing him as the
affectionate parent that he never had. Nothing could make
Anthony betray Marcel, not even a threat to his own
unlife.

Sire: Marcel

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Child

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1986

Apparent Age: 17

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 1,
Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge |

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Music 3,
Stealth 1, Style 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 2, Finance 3,
Law 2, Lupine Lore 1, Mage Lore 1, New Orleans
Knowledge 2, Occult 1, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude 1,
Presence 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 3, Mentor 4, Resources 2,
Retainers 2


Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
Humanity: 8

Willpower: 6

Notes: Anthony feeds upon those he believes allow
themselves to be victimized.

Image: Because his illness was at its height when he was
Embraced, Anthony appears emaciated. He is even
thinner and paler than most Kindred and has only a thin
covering of shoulder-length brown hair. He prefers
stylish fashions, but keeps to the loose-fitting styles that
hide his body's skeletal appearance.

Roleplaying Hints: Everything you do is the perfect
imitation of your sire. Toward that end, you always
present yourself with style and grace.

Haven: Marcel's home.

Secrets: B+

Influence: As Marcel's childe, Anthony wields a great
deal of power in the city. What's more, he knows how
to use it. Anthony acts as Marcel's lieutenant, relaying
the prince's orders to others and seeing that they are
obeyed. Anthony is also largely in charge of Marcel's spy
network, reporting their findings back to the prince.

Karen Chartry

Embraced in Italy in the mid-1700s, Karen has since
traveled the world, allying herself with the Ventrue of a
number of cities before moving on. Arriving in New Orleans
in the 1940s, she purchased a comfortable home in the most
affluent section of Uptown. She has established herself as
one of the city's leading Kindred, and more than a few
believe she hopes to replace Marcel.

In gaining influence, Karen has targeted the city's intelli-
gentsia, one of the few groups Marcel has ignored. Indeed, it was
while visiting the University of New Orleans that she spotted
Josua Cambridge in one of the campus art studios. Immediately
taken with the young art student, she tried to get his attention.
Nothing she did or could do, however, diverted Josua's atten-
tion from his art for very long.

The hold the young man's Muse had on him was tight,
and Karen's failure to arouse Josua infuriated the vampiress.
After her failed attempts to seduce Josua, Karen decided that
if art enthralled him to the exclusion of life's other pleasures,
then this pleasure should be taken away. Obviously, she
failed (see Josua Cambridge, above). Horrified at how badly
her plans went awry, she has sought a way to turn the
situation to her advantage and believes that she has found
one.

Karen has visited Josua several times at the prince's
home and has even sat for him a few times while he painted
her portrait. She has never given the slightest indication,
however, that she had anything to do with the events that
so drastically altered his life. Instead, she has begun to imply

that it may well have been a friend of the Toreador leader
Morgaine who Embraced Josua.

Sire: Contillio

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1762

Apparent Age: 33

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Intimidation 4, Intrigue 2, Leadership 2, Sense
Deception 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Dancing 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Melee 3, Music 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 4, Finance 3, Investiga-
tion 4, Kindred Lore 3, Law 2, Linguistics 5, New
Orleans Knowledge 3, Occult 2, Politics 4
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Dominate 5,
Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 1, Potence 2, Presence 4,
Protean 3, Quietus 2, Thaumaturgy 2 (Lure of Flames 2)
Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with
Morning's Freshness, Deflection of Wooden Doom
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Herd 3, Influence 2,
Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Humanity: 3

Willpower: 9

Notes: Karen only feeds on men with demonstrated
artistic talents.

Chapter Four: Characters

Image: Karen is a tall, thin, dark-haired woman. Her
facial features are decidedly Italian, with dark-brown
eyes and high cheekbones. She always dresses in the
height of fashion.

Roleplaying Hints: You always do your best to maintain
a certain aloofness, even with your own clan members.
Haven: A three-story home in the Garden District of
the city.

Secrets: A-

Influence: Through her business contacts, Karen has
gained a certain amount of influence in the mortal
affairs of the city. Furthermore, in the relatively short
time Karen has resided in New Orleans, she has become
the unelected leader of the Prince's Council (see
Chapter Five). It is not unheard of for members of the
Prince's Council to convene without informing Marcel.
It is very unlikely, however, that such a meeting would
be called without informing Karen of it.

foe)
laos

New Orleans by Night

Others

Marcel has welcomed members of almost every non-
Sabbat clan and bloodline to New Orleans at one point or
another. Giovanni, Ravnos, Daughters of Cacophony and
even Assamites have been accepted into the city. On the
other hand, those who are not welcome in the city — the
Followers of Set — seem to be the most common.

Manon

Most Followers of Set believe Ezuli, worshipped as the
loa of love and sex, was the first of their kind in Haiti. In fact,
one preceded her —~ her sire, Ghede, who has waited almost

two centuries to wreak his vengeance upon Ezuli for her lack

of loyalty. Ghede has waited and watched, lurking by her
temples and plotting.

When Manon joined Ezuli's cult, Ghede noticed almost
at once. The woman quickly gained favor in the remple, and
often headed its late-night ceremonies. When she went into
a voodoo frenzy, believing herself possessed by Ezuli herself,
Ghede felt sure Manon was the most beautiful woman alive.
Her skin was a lighter color than the milkiest chocolate, and
her eyes were the palest blue he had ever seen. Her grace and
style suggested that she could walk on eggshells without
breaking them.

Ghede began to watch Ezuli's ceremonies as much to see
Manon, who had become the manbo (priestess), as to plot his
revenge. He told himself she would play a role in his
retribution, but he had also become fascinated by her. He
began lurking around her home, and it was on one of these
occasions that Manon noticed him.

Actually, one of her spirits warned her of the evil
presence near her. Realizing that he had been discovered,
Ghede appeared before her. His hopes to control her, arising
member of Ezuli's temple, were tempered by his growing
attraction for her. As he attempted to put Manon at ease,
Ezuli appeared, summoned by the same spirit that had
warned Manon. The "goddess of love" began to rant and
rave, shrieking of the atrocities Ghede had committed, his
corruption, and insisting that he leave her manbo at once.

Ezuli's sire, lost in a fit of rage, grabbed Manon and
screamed at Ezuli:

"You, who have no allegiance, should be shown none! You,
who could not stay in your rightful place by my side, should have
no one at yours. | made you everything that you are, gave you all
the renown that you have. You would have been nothing more
than some man's plaything had I not stepped in, and this is how
you repay me. Well, this time you shall have nothing. I will make
this one mine and bind her to me, so that you will never enjoy her
again. This time, my blood Ezuli, you lose!"

With that, he took Manon to his mouth and drained her
of her life's blood. As he prepared to give her his own vite,
he saw Ezuli's hand dart to Manon's mouth, and a drop of
Ezuli's blood trickle between her lips. He also felt, rather
than saw, the coming of other Setites. Staring past him, Ezuli
emotionlessly said, "She may not be mine, but she is not yours
either. Either send her from this island or expect her to be
destroyed within the week. I shall kill her at the very first chance
I get!"

With Manon still in his arms, Ghede took Manon to his
own temple and prepared her for her unlife. Within a night
she had boarded a ship and set sail for New Orleans.

Manon has begun to adapt to her new existence. Under
the tutelage of others, she has developed her powers and is
now recognized as one of the most powerful Setires in the
southeastern United States. Once enraptured by the passion
of Ezuli's cult, she has begun to form her own — and to revel
in the corruption that goes with it.

Sire: Ezuli

Nature: Manipulator

Demeanor: Conniver

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1953

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Intimidation 3,
Seduction 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Stealth 3, Survival 1
Knowledges: Kindred Lore 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3,
New Orleans Knowledge 3, Occult 4, Politics 2, Spirit
Lore 3

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 3, Dominate 2,
Obfuscate 3, Presence 3, Serpentis 4

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 4, Herd 2, Influence 1,
Mentor 5, Resources 3, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9

Image: The product of generations of interbreeding,
Manon tends to use her Obfuscate to make her darker.
She is exceptionally beautiful, and even the robes she
wears cannot hide that.

Roleplaying Hints: You are extremely determined.
While you will do nothing to reveal your vampirism,

oo

Chapter Four: Characters


most mortals feel uncomfortable around you, and you
have begun to take pleasure in that. Once an extremely
passionate woman, you are beginning to transfer that
passion to the joy of corruption.

Haven: A warehouse by the docks.

Secrets: A-

Influence: The members of Manon's temple have some
influence in society, generally among the underworld.
Additionally, while Ghede remains attracted to her, he
still has plans to use her to hurt Ezuli further. To this end
he assists her on occasion.

New Orleans by Night


Mortals

Vampires are not the only sentients attracted to New
Orleans; a number of mortals have played prominent roles in
the city. Unfortunately for the Kindred, many of these have
been either witch-hunters or mages.

Lanee Andrin

Born to a military family in Texas, Lanee grew up more
attracted to firearms than to people. After serving four
unfulfilling years in the Army, Lanee left the service and,
using the only real skills she had, became a bounty hunter.
After several years of hunting "the most dangerous game,"
Lanee found the challenge of her employment less than
satisfying. Then Lanee encountered Sullivan Dane. Learn-
ing of her dissatisfaction, Dane suggested that perhaps she
start hunting new game.

Lanee worked with Dane for two years, learning the
ropes of hunting vampires. She then set out on her own,
crossing the country from coast to coast and back again.
Vampires provided Lanee the thrill bounry hunting had lost,
but her targets were few and far between. In 1985, however,
Lanee heard from another vampire hunter that hundreds of
the undead lived in New Orleans. The numbers may have
been exaggerated, but Lanee packed her weapons and headed
for New Orleans.

Arriving in New Orleans, Lanee discovered that if the
city was crawling with vampires, they were crawling awfully
low to the ground. One night, however, she had an unusual
stroke of good luck.

While prowling through the French Quarter, Lance
happened upon a young artist standing on a street corner
trying to sell his paintings with an unusually high-pressure
sales method. It took the vampire hunter mere minutes to
recognize her prey and mark the artist as her next victim. Before
she decided where and when to make her kill, however, the
paintings he was hawking caught her attention.

Most of them had hauntingly macabre themes, while
others were incredibly detailed portrayals of beings Lanee felt
sure were undead. She approached the artist, feigning interest
in his work, and bought two of the portraits. During the next few
nights Lanee hunted in the French Quarter, using the portraits
as a guide. On the fifth night she came across one of the
vampires in her paintings and, the next morning, made him the
first in her series of portrait prey.

A few nights later, after discovering and destroying the
second vampire, Lanee returned to the French Quarter in
search of the young artist. The painter had no idea that his art
had won him a reprieve from the vampire hunter. Lanee has
been surprised to find no sign of him, and while many in the
Quarter remember him, none can tell her where he has gone.

She still hunts the undead, but would do anything to uncover
more of the paintings.

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Loner

Born: 1963

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Archery 4, Drive 3, Firearms 5, Melee 3, Repair 2,
Security 2, Stealth 3, Tracking 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 3, Linguistics 1,
Occult 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Notes: So far as Lanee knows, none of New Orleans'
Kindred are aware of her. Still, there are rumors that an
especially effective witch-hunter has come to town.
Image: A small, petite woman with long, black hair and
green eyes. She dresses mostly in loose-fitting jumpsuits
and flat-soled boots.

Haven: A small home outside of New Orleans to the west
of Kenner.

Secrets: F

Chapter Four: Characters


Detective Robert Carter

Robert Carter first came to Prince Doran's attention in
1890, after members of the Sabbat slew the city
police, then one of Doran's Retainers. Carter, a recent
addition to the N.O.P.D., showed a great desire to hunt
down the perpetrators of this crime, and Doran followed

him closely.
While Doran re
on his own, Car

ved the difficulties with the Sabbat
ability impressed him, and he began
grooming the young man to take the chief of police's place.
Finding the young man an unwilling pawn, Doran made
him a ghoul, Blood Bonding him in the process.

For several decades Carter served Doran ably, but then
Doran had another run-in with New Orleans' mages. As
part of the mages' retaliation, a mage calling himself a
member of the Cult of Ecstasy suppressed the effects of the
Blood Bond, freeing the detective from Doran's control.

Bent on revenge for the life he felt had been taken from
him, Carter set out on a one-man war against New Orleans'
vampires. He quickly proved to be very good at his work —
too good, in fact. Were it not for mages' continuous
protection, he would have been slain out of hand, and even
they could not have protected him forever.

Still, Doran realized the probable costliness of slaying
Carter, and he arranged a truce with the detective. He gave
Carter permission to destroy the "problem" Kindred and
agreed to turn a blind eye to his hunting in other cities.

Carter agreed to Doran's proposal for the time being,
for it allowed him to take the vitae he needed. As time

passed, however, Carter became less and less picky about
what constituted a renegade vampire. Indeed, Doran was
beginning to reconsider killing his former ghoul when he
was murdered.

Carter felt that his agreement should have died with
Doran, but he knew Marcel and feared Jercaux. C

Carter and
Marcel came to an agreement similar to the one with
Doran, but with the stipulation that Carter could also hunt
any vampires who did not Present themselves or were
denied entrance to the city.

This is the foundation on which N.O.S.T.E. was formed.
Its purpose is not to climinate all New Orleans' vampires,

though Carter would do that if he thought it possible.

Instead, it works to keep the Damned under some control.
Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Director

Born: 1865

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Scan 4, Search 4,
Streetwise 4

Skills: Disguise 4, Drive 3, Firearms 5, Melee 3, Security 5,
Stealth 3, Survival 2

chief of

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 3, Investigation 4,
Law 3, Linguistics 2, New Orleans Knowledge 4, Occult 3,
Politics 2

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Fortitude 1, Potence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Influence 1, Re-
sources 3, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Notes: Carter knows almost all the tricks of the witch-
hunter, and also has a few special tricks up his sleeve. One
of these is a talisman in the form of a silver necklace; this
item warns him when he is in danger.

Image: Carter is a large, stocky man with strong Nordic
features. He has short, blond hair and bright blue eyes.
Haven: A comfortable home near Lake Pontchartrain.
Secrets: A

Lance Pertkin

Pertkin began hunting vampires as a member of
N.O.S.T-F. in 1985. Carter chose the man mainly because of
his remarkable ability on the shooting range. Surprisingly,
no one on the regular force put up much of a fuss at Pertkin's
transfer. Even his supervisors knew that while the man had
the most deadly aim in the department, he also had an itchy
trigger finger. Such a trait was bound to lead to trouble

sooner or later.

Pertkin t« ome convincing, but his skepticism van-
ished after his first successful hunt. It involved a young
Malkavian whose sire had abandoned him in the city and
who was now causing a great deal of trouble for everyone. At
first, Pertkin was horrified as he watched the other members
of the ream capture and kill che vampire, but found himself

84 New Orleans by Night

intrigued when he realized he was being offered the prover-
bial license to kill.

For the next five years Pertkin did his job very well,
successfully completing every case he was assigned. Prob-
lems began to arise, however, when Pertkin began
overstepping his bounds. Pertkin began eliminating not
only the vampires after whom he was sent, but any others he
happened to encounter.

Marcel gave Carter one warning to resolve the problem.
Seeing no other solution, Carter fired Pertkin, warning his
overly ambitious protégé that he had made a great many
enemies among the Kindred. Carter also told him that
without the protection of the rest of the team, he would do
well to consider leaving New Orleans. Not only did Pertkin
not follow this advice, but he has opened an office in the city
as a private investigator, advertising himself asa man willing
to take the cases no one else wants.

Pertkin has been in the private investigator business for
the last three years. He has toned down his activities
somewhat, but still looks for any chance to destroy the
undead. He has also recently discovered what a ghoul is, and
plans to begin drinking vampire blood. Pertkin now suspects
that Carter formed the N.O.S.T.F. merely to ensure a con-
tinuous blood supply.

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Autocrat

Born: 1962

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3, Search 3

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 5, Melee 3, Repair 2, Security 3,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 3, Law 2, New
Orleans Knowledge 3, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 5

Notes: New Orleans' Kindred are aware of Pertkin, but
none has done him in yet. Indeed, a number have discov-
ered that he is a very useful tool for annoying their own foes.
Image: Pertkin is of average height but powerful build, with
brown hair and hazel eyes. He dresses mostly in black, casual
clothing.

Roleplaying Hints: The foremost drive in your life is to kill
vampires, though you may postpone their destruction if
they identify other vampires or havens in the city. If they
provide you with such information, you may give them a
slight headstart before you begin tracking them again.
Haven: A house in the New Orleans suburbs.

Martin D'Richet

Martin D'Richet, a mage of the Sons of Ether, has lived in
the United States since the 1800s. Unlike most mages, Martin
is something of a loner and refuses to join any Chantry.

Martin has had companions, however, and out of one of
these unions came Marie, his daughter and the light of his life.
He was especially pleased when she showed magickal potential,
but before taking her as his apprentice he sent her on a tour of
the country, giving her the chance to decide if she wanted to
dedicate her life to becoming a mage.

He did not expect that she would fall in love with a
vampire in New Orleans. Rather than returning from her
vacation relaxed and happy, Martin found his daughter moody
and irritable. When he asked about her trip she evaded the
subject, and the more he questioned her about it the less she
said.

Martin felt some small amount of relief a few weeks later
when Marie expressed an interest in going east for a few days.
In New England, however, she suddenly disappeared, only to
resurface when he got a letter from New Orleans in which she
told him she had returned to the city, was staying with friends
and for him not to worry. When no more letters arrived, Martin
went to New Orleans to find out what had happened, only to
discover the horrifying truth.

Martin's sole wish was to see those responsible pay. As he
retraced the events that had led to his daughter's Embrace, he
decided the one person most responsible was Prince Marcel. All
of the misfortune that had befallen Marie could be laid at his
feet.

Returning home, Martin began to plot his revenge, want-
ing it to equal the pain he suffered over his daughter. He sought
to take something Marcel loved just as he had taken Martin's
daughter. Thus Martin swore to destroy not only the prince, but
all the vampires of the city.

Chapter Four: Characters


During his travels, Martin had learned enough about the
undead to realize that there were at least two factions, the
Sabbat and the Camarilla. Itdid not take him long to determine
that Marcel worked with the Camarilla, and so he went to New
York City to deal with the Sabbat.

The sect gave him a young Caitiff upon whom he worked
his magick. When the vampire awakened, he found himself lost
and amnesiac. Mz

tin did his best to calm the young vampire,
as Aaron Carson and told the vampire that

If
he had found him wandering the streets, apparently lost and
confused. Martin, as Aaron, told the neonate that he often
helped vampires in the area and that he would do whatever he
could for the neonate, but that at the moment all he knew was
a name — Raymond.

introduced hims

Though Martin knew he could likely easily force Raymond
to do what he wanted, he knew such crude measures could be
easily detected. Instead, he manipulated the Caitiff. Knowing
something of how matters with refugees were handled in New
Orleans, Martin began telling Raymond about the city. As the
months passed and Raymond met with no success in New
Orleans, the mage felt his hopes rise as the neonate's fell.

After Raymond had been rejected for the second time,
Martin began convincing Raymond that a lust for revenge was
his own idea. Then he told Raymond his plan. The idea
horrified Raymond at first. The more he thought about it,
however, the less revolting he found it, especially as Martin
continued to remind him that New Orleans' Kindred were the
vampires who had refused him his past and possibly locked it
away from him forever. Eventually Raymond agreed to Martin's
plan, and the mage sent him back to New Orleans with two
Tremere antitribu from the Sabbat. The two helped Raymond
set up the first of many auctions where elders could come and
buy the blood they needed from a fresh, untainted stock.

Meanwhile, Martin continues to hold Raymond in check
with a promise to trace Raymond's bloodline so that the

New Orleans by

vampire might finally know his past. Already knowing much of
the neonate's missing history, Martin figures to use it from time
to time to keep Raymond under his control, feeding him bits of
it to keep him pacified. Before he runs out of information, the
city should be in upheaval over the missing vampires and, if
everything goes according to plan, Martin will be ready to mix
his own concoctions into the blood of those sold at the auction.
Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Caregiver

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Repair 4, Re-
search 2, Security 2

Knowledges: Alchemy 5, Anthropology 3, Archaeology
2, Astrology 4, Chemistry 3, Computer 2, Faerie Lore 2,
History 2, Investigation 3, Kindred Lore 2, Linguistics 2,
Lupine Lore 2, Mage Lore 3, Medicine 3, Occult 5,
Science 5
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Domi-
nate 5, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 3, Presence 4, Thaumaturgy 5
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Influence 1, Re-
sources 5
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 7
Willpower: 10
Notes: If you are using Mage: The Ascension, Martin has
the following Traits:

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Sons of Ether

Backgrounds: Arcane 3, Avatar 4, Destiny 2

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Entropy 3, Forces 4,
Life 4, Mind 5, Matter 5, Prime 4, Spirit 3

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 7

Paradox: 6

Image: Approximately 6'2", Martin weighs a little over
200 pounds. He has dark hair streaked with bits of gray, a
beard and mustache, and gray eyes. He dresses mostly in
casual clothing or in the occasional suit and tie. When
anticipating magickal conflict, he wears phosphorescent
green goggles.

Roleplaying Hints: The underlying motivation for your
actions is your hatred for the Prince of New Orleans. There
is nothing you will not do to see him suffer for what happened
to your daughter. Your hatred also applies to anyone helping
Marcel for any reason in any matter, and you will go out of
your way to destroy such an assistant.

Haven: For the present, a penthouse apartment in New
York City. Martin's permanent home is in southern Oregon.


Michael Zyers

A petty thief who often worked the French Quarter, Zyers
picked pockets as his main trade. One night, while wandering the
streets of the French Quarter, he came across a young man trying
tosell paintings to passersby. Most of the paintings were cityscapes
or portraits, but all of them had the same unusual style — a
mixture of dark colors that ran so closely together that they
seemed not to make a discernible image at all.

Drawn to the young artist's works and certain they would be
worth something in the right market, Zyers followed him back to
Royal Street. For the next three days Zyers watched the studio to
see when the painter came and went. The routine seemed fairly
regular. Early each evening, just after sunset, the painter would
come and gather a few paintings, which he would then take to
hawk on the street corner for several hours. By 3 a.m. he would
return and remain at the studio until perhaps an hour before
sunrise. Then he would leave again, this time usually empty-
handed, and not return until the following night.

Figuring the artist had a regular apartment somewhere else
in the city, Zyers felt that early morning would be the best time
to make his move. The morning Zyers planned to break into the
artist's studio, however, he arrived to find two large, dark-skinned
men knocking on the door. The young artist answered, but
immediately ran back inside the building. He was pursued by the
two men,

Zyers watched the building until sunrise, but never saw
anyone emerge. By noon Zyers cautiously approached the still-
open ground-floor door and pushed it slowly open. Stepping into
the darkness, he carefully climbed the stairs to the second floor.
There he found the door to the studio standing open but could
find no sign of the artist or the other two men. The studio itself,
however, was littered with canvases. Most were the same type of
landscapes and portraits that had caught his eye originally, all
done in exactly the same hauntingly beautiful style.

Zyers quickly selected the best of the paintings and prepared
to leave when he suddenly spotted a large trunk propped against
a side wall. Thinking that the artist might keep something of
value in the trunk, Zyers quickly picked the lock and opened it.

The spacious trunk was empty save for two rolled canvases.
Zyers was surprised to find the two paintings were both portraits
of the same woman. Both were, in Zyers' opinion, the finest works
in the studio. Quickly rolling up the paintings and packing them
into a large duffel bag, Zyers slipped out of the studio and hurried
away with his prizes.

For more thana month Zyers kept the paintings under wraps,
hoping any publicity of the theft would subside. As time went by,
Zyers saw no mention in the local papers of the missing paintings
and decided it would be safe to try and sell them. His fences'
interest, however, proved to be far from what he had hoped. Only
the two portraits of the woman captured their attention, but the
prices offered were far lower than what Zyers had hoped to make.

His attempts to sell the paintings, however, drew him
unwanted attention as he took them from one prospective buyer
to the next. Only a few days after his first attempts to sell the
paintings, Zyers found himself grabbed by two men who de-

manded to know where the paintings were. Before Zyers could
even deny knowing what they were talking about, one of the men
suddenly fell to the pavement with a brief, muffled cry. A short,
thin arrow protruded from his chest. The other man quickly
released Zyers, grabbed his fallen companion and disappeared
into the night. Turning to face his rescuers, Zyers found himself
facing six men in dark trenchcoats, one brandishing a small,
hand-held crossbow and the others aiming automatic weapons at
him.

Today Zyers is in the protective custody of N.O.S.T.F. but
is pushing the limits of their willingness to continue to protect
him. He absolutely refuses to tell them where the paintings have
been hidden and denies knowing anything about them.
Nature: Masochist
Demeanor: Bravo
Born: 1958
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Artistic Expression 1, Athletics 1,
Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1, Search |
Skills: Drive 2, Security 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Art History 1, Finance |, Investigation |, Law 1,
New Orleans Knowledge 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 1
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
Humanity: 7
Willpower: 3

Image: Zyers is a short, weasely man with pale skin and gray
eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: You connive, whine and beg to get what
you want, and become more annoying the more violent your
opponents get. You secretly enjoy being beaten up and
abused.

Haven: N.O.S.T-F. protective custody.

CO
x

Chapter Four: Characters


- Chapter Fiy

Coteries

Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him
drink; for in doing so thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head.

The King James Bible, Romans 12:

Some Kindred believe New Orleans to be an oasis in the
Jyhad, a respite from the constant conflict that occurs else-
where. These Kindred are unobservant, naive or short-lived.
The Jyhad rages in New Orleans as it does everywhere, but
the combatants hide behind words of peace
gentility.

and acts of

Acts of kindness are not unheard of, but one can be sure
that the recipient of such an act will hear about it for a long
time to come. Newcomers are welcomed and made at e

but whoever welcomes them makes sure the newcomers
remember this hospitality. "Friends" are easy to find here, but
allies are a different story.

New Orleans' vampires take their games of prestation
very seriously, not r

alizing the power this has given them
over vampires from around the world. Because so many
vampires flock to New Orleans, and because the resident
Kindred have provided what they laughingly call "Southern
hospitality," their guests are now obligated to provide at least
a similar level of favors.

Within New Orleans, the most minute changes in a
vampire's status are avidly noted, and everyone knows where
he stands in relationship to everyone else. These ries bind the
city's coteries even more strongly than blood, common
interests, friendship or anything else.

0

The Prince's Household

Members: Marcel, Christopher, Anthony, Josua Cam-
bridge, Marie D'Richet

Perceived Goal: Supporting Marcel's reign.

Real Goal: Ensuring that the other members of the
household are in their debt.

Throughout his reign, Prince Marcel has always kept his

home open to other Kindred. While this usually means
visitors of some importance stay in his mansion, it also means
a number of vampires reside there on a permanent basis.
Some say Marcel does this our of common decency, but
others ascribe ulterior reasons.
F Marcel's
can keep a close eye on them: watching their
actions, monitoring their conversations and so on. Addition-
ally, just letting guests stay at his spacious haven puts them in
debt to him. Finally, knowing where they sleep during the day
gives him and his ghouls a great deal of power.

For instance, so
houschold, he

long as guests are part of

Those who stay at the mansion on a permanent basis are
considered among the social leaders of New Orleans Kindred
society. For instance, just by living with Marcel, Josua Cam-
bridge has managed to make himself popular among the city's

vampires. Using the influence he has thus gained, he works
to ensure he will be allowed to remain in the city once his sire

is discovered.

Chapter Five: Coteries


Great hopes

Love/hate

Christopher

Does his job

Utter contempt

Fear and respect


Newcomers to the city find that the Prince's Household
coterie is a good barometer of politics in the city. Everyone
who lives there stays constantly on edge, looking for any
opportunity to gain the slightest advantage over the others
and constantly worrying about making the slightest mistake.

e 9 e
The Prince's Council
Members: Karen Chartry, Dutch, Sebastian Walcott
and Avery
Perceived Goal: To advise Prince Marcel in ruling the

city.

Real Goal: To usurp more and more of the duties of
tuling the city.

In 1841, just days after a fire at the City Exchange, Doran
received reports from his spy network that the fire had been
the work of anarchs hoping to destroy the elders and seize the
city. In retaliation, Doran convened a number of the city's
elders and sought to eliminate the city's anarchs. Those
anarchs not destroyed by the elders either fled the city or
went into hiding.

Asareward, Doran formed the five remaining elders into
a Council and promised to listen to their advice on running
the city. Additionally, though Doran issued no formal de-
cree, he made sure anarchs knew they were not welcome in
the city.

In 1852, however, an explosion in Bayou St. John struck
down a member of the Council. Soon after, another elder
disappeared from his home in the Garden District. Indeed,
during the first century after the Council's formation, a
number of its members were destroyed or disappeared. These
actions were attributed to the Phoenix Society, a group of
anarchs from outside the city.

No such losses have occurred in the past 40 years, and
the Council members have begun worrying more about their
own power than about anarchs. Its members do not consider
Marcel a worthy successor to Doran, and each believes she
could do as good a job as Marcel.

As a result, the elders on the Council undermine any
decrees Marcel makes without consulting them. They also
intimidate other vampires into following "suggestions" which
they make but which Marcel does not condone. The Council
has a great deal of influence over most of the city's undead.
Still, the Toreador Morgaine is not a member and the
Nosferatu Avery works with it only occasionally; both of
these facts weaken the Council's position.

In no way ignorant of the Council's actions, Marcel
watches it very closely. Though not blatant in their opposi-
tion, the members of the Prince's Council are Marcel's
greatest adversaries.

The Phoenix Society

All seven and we'll watch them fall ...

"4

— Prince and The New Power Generation, "7"

Members: Unknown, though Marcel is aware of two
members — the General and B.

Perceived Goal: Destroying elders around the country
and especially in New Orleans, apparently in revenge for the
repression following the City Exchange fire.

Real Goal: Though the Phoenix Society is not above
doing away with an elder who gets in its path, its true goal is
the elimination of the Justicars, who the Phoenix Society
feels are responsible for the persecution of the anarchs.

Prince's song "7" is obviously out of place when it plays
on the small casy-listening/contemporary radio station serv-
ing the western areas of New Orleans. But then, its purpose
is to get noticed. "7" is the calling card of one of the most
feared anar

h organizations: the Phoenix Society. Its mem-

bers use the popular song asa battle anthem. By playing ir, the
Society informs Camuarilla leaders that they are planning a
strike within a city and challenges them to stop it.

No one in New Orleans knows how long the Phoenix
Society has been in existence, but Marcel is sure it first
targeted the city after the City Exchange fire. In fact, it was
responsible for that fire — and more.

During one of Justicar Xaviar's Conclaves, it set off two
explosions, killing a member of the Prince's Council but
missing the primary target: the Justicar himself. The Society
has also been responsible for sending several members of the
Prince's Council to their Final Deaths, though the actual

number of such slayings is exaggerated.

The killing of elders and assassination attempts on
Justicars, though more than enough to keep its members
permanently on the Camarilla's Most Wanted list, are not
the only activities in which the Phoenix Society engages.
Because its members view the Camarilla's decrees against
themas attempts to protect their persecutors, members of the
Phoenix Society do whatever they can to disrupt a prince's

of these activities ranges from
disabling his car to causing city-wide blackouts or explosions
at major business areas.

power inacity. The seriousn

The Camarilla does not seem to know for sure who is
behind the Society, alternately blaming anarchs, Sabbat,
Setites and anyone else with whom it presently conflicts. In
fact, anarchs from California make up the majority of the
group, though it finds support in the most unlikely areas.

Certain Tradition mages, such as Martin D'Richet,
support it clandestinely. Setites also back its activities in a
strange sort of alliance. Both favor corruption of Camarilla
cities and try to avoid interfering in the other's affairs.
Finally, though no Sabbat claims to be a member of the
Society, the sect keeps a close eye on it and may well have
spies among its members.

: Coteries 91


PRINCESS

COUNEL

The Underground Society

Members: Dutch, Christopher, many of the Kindred
who travel to New Orleans

Perceived Goal: Helping the city's refugee population.

Real Goal: Bringing Dutch or Christopher to power in
the city.

The Underground Society formed in the 1960s as a
response to Prince Marcel's ruling that not all refugees would
be allowed to stay once they arrived in New Orleans. Before
that decree, almost any vampire who came to the city could
stay for at least a short time. Marcel, however, said that this
lenient policy had led to serious overcrowding and could
jeopardize the Masquerade. Soon Kindred busy establishing
new unlives suddenly found themselves evicted.

Dutch, the only member of the Prince's Council to
disagree with Marcel's decision, found himself about to lose
his main base of support. Rather than risk this, he began
organizing the refugees, preparing them to fight their extra-
ditions. This group has since become the Underground
Society, and to all appearances its main goal is to help
refugees and newcomers become used to the city and find
places to stay.

Dutch has always used it to further his own ambitions.
Christopher has also become an important member. As
Marcel's childe, many of the refugees do not trust him, but

others seek him out in hopes that he will use his influence
with his sire on their behalf. Of course, such favors do not
come ¢ heap.

Even though the Underground Society would appear to
have little use for prestation, its members follow the intrica-
cies of this social convention as devoutly as any Harpy. All of
them seek some kind of acceptance and are terrified of what
might happen to them if they don't follow such restrictions.
Additionally, they all hope to come out ahead in the prestation
game, thereby being allowed to remain in New Orleans. If
they do not follow the rules, this will do them no good.

The Tabula Rasa

Members: James "Teddy" Lugor, Kendrick McKenin,
Lane Nassam, Miguel Salmararez and Elzra Taliano

Perceived Goals/Real Goals: The Perceived Goals and
the Real Goals of the Tabula Rasa are the same, for its
members have no hidden agenda. Their sole purpose is to
serve Justicar Xaviar, a task they perform with deadly effi-
ciency.

In order to keep an eye on the caern in New Orleans (and
events in general), Xaviar has established a group of spies in
the city, painstakingly chosen for unique talents that make
them singularly dangerous. Two of the members, Lugor and
Taliano, are ghouls; the others are mortals.

92 New Orleans by Night

Allthe membe e officers, and

all but Taliano were

of Tabula Rasa were po

"gypsy cops," officers who traveled from

loyment record, usually

job to job to escape an unsavory emp
for too-frequent use of "excessive force."

James "Teddy" Lugor leads the group in Xaviar's ab-
sence. Lugor is an explosives expert who often worked on the
bomb squad of the police departments that employed him.

Lane Nassam is a former Green Beret and the group's
second-in-command. He also worked for N.O.S.T-F. for
several years. Xaviar has tried to use N.O.S.T.F. for his own
ends, and Nassam is his liaison with the department. Nassam

also knows more about vampires than any other member of
the group does, and expects Xaviar to Embrace him one day.

Kendrick McKenin is a black belt and a survivalist with
a special proficiency in trapping. He has worked with rural
police forces, been a military police officer and led a Pentex
First Team.

Miguel Salmararez is the team's information gatherer. A
former military intelligence officer, he has also worked in the
surveillance branches of a number of police departments and
specializes in collecting dirt on political figures.

Elzra Taliano is the team member Xaviar watches the
closest. Once a member of the N.O.P.D., her beauty attracted
one of the vampiric refugees in the city, who sought to feed
from her. Unaware that he was being stalked by members
from N.O.S.T.F., the vampire's "interlude" with the girl was

interrupted by a group of men who broke down the door to

her apartment.

When the vampire attempted
1

found his way blocked by his one

tim, now holding

astake of her own. Tray
the vampire chose to face the girl,
both make his escape and take his i

Instead he again found himse

could handle. When the members of

ampire already staked.

entered the room, they found the
Impressed with the girl's skill, Detective Carter re-

cruited her for his department. This task proved amazingly

easy, for Taliano was immediately attrac

leader. Carter's interests, however, lay s
as a vampire hunter.

Elzra remaine

with N.O.S.T-F. for two years, but left
when Carter's indifference to her overtures turned her unre-
quited love into a burning hatred for the man. E

zra returned
to her position with the N.O.P.D., but resigned soon after
when Xaviar, through Lugor, asked her to join the Tabula
Rasa. Seeing the offer as a method of doling out some portion
of revenge on the man who spurned her, Elzra accepted.
Knowing the girl's past, Xaviar immedia Blood Bound

her.


The Children of Osiris

Members: Varies constantly

Perceived Goal: To battle the Followers of Set.

Real Goal: The same?

None of the members of this mysterious sect resides in
New Orleans, nor do any stay in the city. Instead the sect
maintains a small house in Arabi, to the east of the city. Here,
members of the sect stay while they work against the Setites.

The Children of Osiris are only partly aware of the
Setites' activities in the dock areas, and do not know about
all of the smuggling operations, though they know about
many. They prefer to concentrate their efforts on stopping
the Kindred cargo the Setites attempt to smuggle into the
city.

Other Groups

The Mages

The mages are indeed a force to fear. In New Orleans,
only the Kindred are more powerful and organized, and the
mages are gaining ground. Strengthened by the ley lines and
caerns in the area, mages constantly work to undermine the
Kindred hold on the city and surrounding territory.

Most of the mages in New Orleans are members of the
Euthanatos, Cult of Ecstasy or Celestial Chorus Traditions,
though there are Hollow Onesas well. There are two compet-
ing Chantries in the city, and while they rarely wage overt
war, they struggle for control of the city's Quintessence.

The only reason their differences have not escalated
into open conflict is the overwhelming presence of the
Technocracy in Louisiana. Iteration X and the Syndicate
comprise the majority of its adherents, but members of all the
Conventions can be found in the state. They battle for
control of the state's government, and neither Marcel nor
New Orleans' mages can do much against them.

Setites

The Followers of Set seem to feel that New Orleans, the
cradle of Voodoo in North America, is destined to be theirs.
Knowing that Prince Marcel is aware of their activities, the
Setites are not only cautious, but extremely inventive as well.
One method they employ to avoid being caught is making
their entire operation completely mobile. In this manner the
Setites can set up their business in a new location each night.

Shifts are given a schedule, either verbally or in writing,
of the proper wharf at which to dock on a given nights.
Possession of such a schedule can be both valuable and deadly
for its owner. Prince Marcel would pay nearly any price for
the information, while the Setites would kill any outsider in
possession of such a schedule.

While Manon is the most powerful Setite in the city, she
is not always in charge, and often must defer to powerful

New Orleans by Night


members of the clan from outside New Orleans. She usually
has a number of younger, less powerful Setites working with
her, learning the ropes and preparing to set up their own
temples elsewhere. Other Setites have made their homes to
the west of the city, where they have managed to create a
truce with the resident Black Spiral Dancers.

In New Orleans, the Setites' temple is very unassuming.
Located on the southern shores of Lake Pontchartrain, it is
well secluded in a back room of the old Lakeside Hotel. Once
a popular resort on the lake, the Lakeside fell on hard times
as the city grew and larger, more elegant resorts opened.
Unable to compete, the Lakeside nearly closed down before
it was saved by an unknown benefactor. Shortly thereafter,
the hotel's owner became a Retainer to the leader of the
Setite clan. Ever since, the hotel has been at the disposal of
the Setites.

Today the Lakeside Hotel stays open more from profits
from the Setites' smuggling operations than from any guests
that come and stay. Guests are, in fact, discouraged — not
only by the hotel's outwardly rundown appearance, but by
Setites and their Retainers, who hang out around the lobby.
The verbal and sometimes physical abuse hurled at any
mortal who comes seeking a room for the night is usually
enough to drive the potential guest away. The hotel serves as
the perfect front for the Setite temple, presenting the appear-
ance of a struggling but legitimate small business.

The Sabbat

New Orleans would seem to be a prime target for the
Sabbat, but so far the sect has had little luck gaining a
foothold in the city. While the constant flood of refugees
makes it extremely easy for the sect to place spies, these rarely
survive for long, for the Nosferatu have become particularly
adept at ferreting them out.

Additionally, the lack of a stable anarch population
means the Sabbat has no pool of malcontents from which to
draw new recruits. Dutch and Christopher's influence in the
Underground Society allows them to monitor any anarchs
who come to the city, and neither desires a Sabbat incursion.

Finally, Justicar Xaviar holds regular Conclaves in New
Orleans. Thus, he keeps a close watch on the city, and the
Sabbat would have to build up a great deal of power before
having a chance against him. For now, the Sabbat vampires
merely sit and watch, biding their time until an opportunity
comes their way.

The Triad

One final group has displayed an interest in the city,
though it has little chance to make its move any time soon.
This group is the Triad, a threesome of powerful elders who
have seized power in New England. One of its members sired
Lawrence, former head of New Orleans' spy network and now
Prince of Baton Rouge. Lawrence was also a member of a
greater Nosferatu intelligence network called the Web, which
was headed by his grandsire.

The fact that one of its members has progeny in New
Orleans automatically means the other two have at least a
passing interest in the city. In fact, their interest is much
stronger, though the members themselves do not realize it.

Each of these elders serves a more powerful Methuselah,
and these Methuselahs have become concerned about New
Orleans. They know Xaviar must have some ulterior motive
to go to the city every three years, and they plan to deploy
their pawns to find out what it is. Additionally, Xaviar has
done more than any other vampire to thwart their plans, and
now the Methuselahs will do what they can to combat his.

Chapter Five: Coteries 95



wo:
DJabbic

-_Book

It's the middle scene that excites us,

the carnal indifference ,

the exotic sport of catch-as-catch-can.

— Julie Suk, "In the Garden of Earthly Delights"

"D'Jabbic" is designed to keep the players forever guess-
ing who is and who is not on their side. This story will take
them from the brightest lights of Bourbon Street to the
darkest corners of the city, bringing them face to face with
some of the city's most notorious residents.

Storytellers should familiarize themselves with New
Orleans' geography and resident Kindred before playing
"D'Jabbic." The more she knows about the city and the
Kindred who live there, the better she will be able to bring
New Orleans to life for the players. Not all of the characters
listed in Chapter Four appear in "D'Jabbic," but they can be
included to add spice to the story.

The players can use characters from almost any clan. It
will be easiest for them if they are already residents of the city
and affiliated with some of the local leaders or groups. The
choice of clans or affiliations can partly determine the
characters' roles in the story.

Keep in mind that the story builds up toa very disturbing
conclusion, and the Storyteller can handle this in one of two
ways. She can either keep the horror at a constant level
throughout the story and then hit her players with an even

more horrific ending, or she can slowly feed their growing
anxiety and paranoia before springing the ending. Either
way, one cannot make the ending disturbing enough for the
players. By the end of the story, the answers they receive
should be the last ones they expect.

Theme

othing can be so fleeting as a friendship or so enduring
as an age-old hatred. This is true in both the mortal and
Kindred worlds. Keep the players guessing throughout the
story as to who is a true friend and who is not. By the end of

the story, characters should seriously question the fragile

foundations on which frien:
They may well su

Mood

The mood for this story is closely tied to the overall mood

rips and alliances often rest.

quently refuse to trust anyone.

for New Orleans: rampant paranoia. The opening scene helps
establish this mood; the characters are attacked for no appar-
ent reason, by assailants they have never before seen. From
that point on they should never be certain who 1S and Ww ho is
not a friend. Those aware of the situation may befriend the
characters for their own reasons, only to lead them into the
clutches of the assailants, while enemies may try tosteer them
away from danger.

This story is set during the week of Carnival preceding
Mardi Gras, and the
Unless the story specifically says a given scene takes place in
some out-of-the-way or private setting such as a bayou ora

alone should disorient the characters.

Book Two: D'Jabbic


house, the characters will always be surrounded by people,
especially if they are in the French Quarter.

While in the city the characters should have few oppor-
tunities to be alone. Certain scenes have been specifically
designed to give the players a moment to stop and think, but
not too often or for too long. Always strive to create a crowd
scene. Even if the characters are out on the docks at night,
there should be mortals, members of the city's Underground
Society and others all around. Instill paranoia via such
settings; any type of danger, from petty thief to mage to
vampire hunter, can hide in a crowd....

Do not let crowds be the only tool for distracting the
players. Music can be a very useful device as well, especially
if the music provides a contrast to the mood rather than
reflecting it. Mardi Gras is best described simply as a citywide
party, with people going crazy, drinking, and running about
screaming. Everybody is your friend. Let the music reflect
this. Keep it upbeat and LOUD. Force the players to scream
at each other to be heard, just like their characters must.

A flashing light used in conjunction with low lighting
can greatly enhance the setting, adding to the inherent
feeling of danger by preventing the characters from getting a
constant fix on their surroundings. Be careful not to overdo
it, however; this strobe effect can become more annoying
than helpful.

Plot

The plot outline given here is not necessarily the one
your story will follow, for any number of factors could alter its
course. One such alteration could be the residence status of
the characters. "D'Jabbic" is designed to be played with
characters who live in New Orleans. Storytellers can, of
course, change that, but doing so will make the story much
more difficult for the players, for they will have to spend some
time familiarizing themselves with the city and the area
around it. How to run such a story is detailed in the "Refu-
gees" section below.

If the characters live in the city, however, give them
some idea of the rules and respective territories. These are
things any resident vampire would know unless he's been in
torpor for the past century.

There should rarely be any need to force the story or to
try to channel the characters in one direction. Players are an
unpredictable lot. Part of the fun inherent to storytelling is
never knowing exactly what the players will do. Sometimes
they can surprise you, heading off in a direction contrary to
the story. Gentle restraint may be needed from time to time
to keep things from going too far off track, but never use a
cattle prod.

Do not become overly concerned if a scene de

not
proceed according to the notes in the story, if two scenes
switch places, or even if one is missed altogether. Should
things get too far off track, direct the story to Scene 14, which
is designed to pull things together. This scene will provide the


players with all the information they need to continue the
story.

Clues can be blatant or hidden, but do not become too
concerned should one be mis
di
with other Kindred, so encourage interaction between the
players and the other Kindred of New Orleans.

ed, for they are also numerous.

However, they are usually

vered through conversations

Also keep in mind that New Orleans is a refugee city and
vampires come and go constantly — especially during Mardi
Gras. Do not be afraid to introduce characters of your own
design that you feel would enhance the story. The presence
of strangers in the city is common.

Finally, though this story is presented ina linear fashion,
there is no reason it must be played that way. "D'Jabbic"
provides innumerable opportunities for characters to explore
a myriad of directions. If the Storyteller is comfortable with
thar eventuality, he should encourage it. Indeed, thanks to
the large numbers of undead pouring into the city, a Story-
teller can add any sort of twist to the story he desires.

Chapter One

The characters are attacked one night, possibly on their
to the Twilight Club, a nightspot popular among the
Kindred. Driving off these unknown assailants, the
characters continue to the Twilight Club.

At the club a messenger from Prince Marcel summons
the players to an audience with Marcel, held in a nearby
house. Here, Marcel tells the players that a number of
Kindred in the city have been reported missing; indeed,
another disappearance was just recently reported. Because
the characters have apparently managed to survive an abduc-
tion, Marcel desires to know about their attackers.

No matter what the characters say, Marcel acts suspi-
cious of them. He accuses them of collaboration with the
N.O.S.T.F. and demands that they find whoever is respon-
sible for the abductions. He assigns one of his childer to assist
them and sends them off with a warning that should they fail,

they will be exiled from the city.

Timeline

Because this story is rather open-ended, the charac-
ters may take more or less time than expected to complete
it. The last scene is set during Mardi Gras, the Tuesday
before Ash Wednesday. No other times are set. The
Storyteller may want to keep the early dates vague,
becoming more definite as the characters near the
conclusion.

If events exactly follow the scenes below, the story
should take three to four nights. However, do not expect
it to go as planned.

Book Two: D'Jabbic

99


Chapter Two

Following Prince Marcel's suggestion, the players pro-
ceed to N.O.S.T.F. headquarters. There, they rifle througt
papers belonging to Detective Robert Car

Next, the characters hack their way into Carter's com-
puter files, where they discover that the N.O.S.T.F. has a
witness being kept at a safe house. Just as the players find that
information, however, the door to the office suddenly opens
and several N.O.S.T.F. officers open fire on the group.

Escaping the attack, the players must now try to find the
safe house. Rehacking into Carter's computer files will yield
nothing. Trying to force the address out of one of the
members of N.O.S.T.F. will also get a player nowhere unless
her Manipulation or Dominate Trait is very high. Another
option would be to try following one of the N.O.S.T.F.
members to the safe house. This will prove far easier said than
done.

Getting to the safe house requires the players to traverse
Lupine territory. Near the safe house a group of Lupines
attacks the players. If this incident is the first time the

characters have trespassed in Uktena territory, they will do

best to take whatever the Garou feel is adequate punishment.

Having lost their lead to the safe house, the characters
must either wait for another chance or try to coax the Lupines
to take them there. If they make it to the safe house and can
pass the N.O.S.T.F. personnel guarding the area, they will be
able to question the witness. The information they gain
postulates that the people involved in the kidnappings are
ghouls.

Chapter Three

Once out of Lupine territory, the players are ambushed
again, this time by the Phoenix Society. T
and taken tosee General, one of the Society's leaders. He tells
the characters that the kidnappings reported to Prince Marcel
are but a small fraction of those actually occurring. Many of

hey are captured

the missing are from the Underground Society and thus
cannot be reported.

General knows other witnesses to the kidnappings, and
these witnesses give the players much the same information
as the witness at the safe house. One, however, will claim to
have seen a mortal kidnapped by the same two ghouls the
others have seen kidnapping Kindred. General will then
suggest that the characters go see the wererats or the Nosferatu
if they want more information.

Characters who approach the Nosferatu will have trouble
getting information from them. The wererats will prove
much easier if the players come with something to trade for
the information. The Nosferatu or the wererats will tell the
players that something very sinister is going on in the city, but
will also tell them that they

that they are not sure what. They

recently discovered a group of elder representatives coming

to the city, staying for only a few days and then leaving again


Chapter Four

Leaving the wererats, the characters can head back to
the Twilight Club to question the other Kindred and thereby
find out who does and does not have ghouls. Wherever they
go, they will be stopped on the way by Roxy. She suggests that
if they want information, they should visit Uriah, an old
vampire/werewolf who lives in the bayous west of the city.

Following Roxy's advice, the characters head into the
bayous. On the way, however, they are ambushed by a group
of werealligators. Escaping from the attack, the players con-
tinue to Uriah's home.

Once there, Uriah tells them that he has heard of leaders
in other cities who are engaging in diablerie. The supply for
their needs, he confides, comes from a New Orleans vampire.
While he does not know just who this is, he can point them
to someone who does — Samuel Haight. As the characters
leave, Uriah will propose a safer path out of the bayou to
avoid the werealligators.

Chapter Five

Once back in the city, the characters can locate Haight
through any number of schemes, and he can help them. He
tells them all he knows about the auction, but only if the
characters can convince Haight not to become a vampire. If
they do that, he sends them to the meeting with Raymond
that he was supposed to attend.

Following Raymond leads the characters to a warehouse
down by the docks. There, Raymond meets with a ghoul. In
the process, any of the pieces the players are lacking in the
puzzle of the kidnappings are laid out.

The ghoul explains to Raymond that though the next
auction is in a few days, the stock is still too low. Raymond
replies that any additional stock must be taken from Kindred
new to the city, as those in New Orleans are already getting
too suspicious. Raymond and the ghoul then leave to prepare
for the upcoming auction.

After Raymond and the ghoul leave, Marcel's childe, if
still with the characters, tells them he is leaving to report to
his sire. The players are left to decide for themselves what
they will do now. They have no way of knowing what, if any,
help Marcel will send. The auction is the following night;
something must be done quickly if the characters hope to stop
it.

Realizing they may not be a match for their foes, the
players go to seek out allies and plan their attack. How the
story ends depends on the characters' own skills and abilities.

Note that the only two events that absolutely must
happen are the initial assault on the characters and the
auction at the end. The players' decisions determine every-
thing in between. Indeed, they do not necessarily have to

oppose Raymond, though if they fail to stop the auction, they
should appear staked and for sale at the next one.

New to New Orleans

If the characters start the story as newcomers (or
refugees), perhaps visiting for Mardi Gras, then they
must be introduced to New Orleans. It may seem like a
city one can just walk into, but that is certainly not the
case. New Orleans is losing its previous reputation for
taking in refugees and earning a new one for being one
of the hardest cities in North America to enter and stay.

When the characters get to the city, keep the
following questions in mind: Are they traveling to-
gether or separately? Do they know each other? Do they
know anyone in the city? Do they know anything about
New Orleans?

If they arrive by plane, they have two airports from
which to choose. If they select New Orleans Interna-
tional Airport in Kenner, they should be fairly safe. If
the characters have not done any investigation and
enter via private plane, they may find themselves at
Lakefront Airport — in Lupine territory. This could
make for a short story. Should the characters not resist
the Lupines, they will find themselves released with a
strict warning to stay out of werewolf territory.

Arriving by car provides a similar situation. If the
players arrive from the north or south they are fairly
safe. If they come from the west they are safe so long as
they do not drive through Cajun Country, which is
inhabited by Black Spiral Dancers and other Wyrm
agents. If they attempt to drive in from the east, they
will likely have some trouble from the Ukrena.

If they come in via the wharves, they will find
themselves immediately dumped in the worst part of
town. Within seconds, Brujah, Ravnos, Caitiff and
others will surround them and demand to know what
they are doing in that part of town.

Once the characters do arrive, their entrance into

the city's Kindred society can be facilitated by having
one of Prince Marcel's many spies spot them and recog-
nize the characters as newcomers. The spy will introduce
himself, ask them their intentions in coming and point
out some of the rules if they intend to stay rather than
just pass through. He will inform them of the Elysium
sites, Prince Marcel's rules for feeding, the various
territories, and most importantly, that they must Present
themselves to their respective clan leaders within three
nights or risk being driven from the city.

Once accepted into New Orleans, the story may
proceed as it would were the players residents. Keep in
mind throughout the story, however, that if the charac-
ters are not residents, they will not know certain things
taken for granted by others. Such a lack of information
may include places, Kindred, people and organizations.

Book Two: D'Jabbic |

ca)


no

Live-Action "D'Jabbic"
Several scenes from this story would work very well
in a Mind's Eye Theatre setting. The Masquerade
allows you to play your character in a live-action format,

thereby giving the story new depth. Though many scenes
in this story are suitable for live-action storytelling, only
one — Scene Two — has been fleshed out in detail.

Those scenes involving a lot of action do not
generally work so well in a Mind's Eye Theatre setting.
The following scenes are the ones most suitable for use
with the Mind's Eye Theatre rules.

Scene Two: This scene, which takes place in the
Twilight Club, is ideal for live-action roleplaying. Play-
ing this scene ina Mind's Eye Theatre setting is discussed
later.

Scene Three: This scene involves the characters
meeting the prince. Having Narrators play the parts of
the prince's childer could make this scene much more
interesting.

Scene Four: Use of props for the clues discovered
could make this scene very evocative for the players.

New Orleans by Night


» Chapter

The first chapter introduces most of the story's major
characters and immediately thrusts the characters into the

intrigue.

Scene One

Plot

Itis Mardi Gras, and the players have been invited down
to the Twilight Club in the French Quarter to enjoy the
festivities with the other Kindred. Before they reach the
French Quarter, however, they are attacked. At first the
incident seems like nothing more than a mugging, and the

characters may think they are going to have a little fun and
aquick meal. Their opinion likely changes quickly, however,
when they discover that the "muggers" (who are actually two
ghouls) are stronger than expected. Nor do they seem so
much interested in the characters' personal belongings as in
their bodies.

The cha
If they succeed, they may go on to the next scene. If they do
not, they will be staked and taken to a small, one-room brick
building outside the city limits. There they will be kept with
other captives until the auction.

* success here will depend on their Traits.

.
Setting

If the players live in the French Quarter and begin their
nightly excursions from there, they will immediately be
immersed in a crowd of people. It is, after all, Mardi Gr:

~%

One

ot

Remember, it will be impossible for them to be driving,
because cars are not allowed in the French Quarter at night.

Mardi Gras is best described to the players as a citywide
party. It features bright neon lights, loud jazz music and

people everywhere. There is little room to maneuver through

the crowd. Colorful streamers, confetti, plastic cups and
liquor bottles litter che street and sidewalks. The air is laden
with the smells of liquor and food. For the characters, of
course, the most noticeable aroma is that of blood — the
alluring scent of prey.

If the players live in an area other than the French
Quarter or choose to start from some location outside that
area, the setting will be much the same, just a little more
subdued. There will be a little less light, a little less music, and
fewer people. Most kine will be down in the French Quarter.

At some point the characters will turn onto a less
traveled side street, where they will suddenly notice a surpris-
ing lack of kine. At that point, the ghouls attack, grabbing
their victims and trying to drag them into an alleyway. A
character with a high enough Alertness or Scan will notice

a large, black four-door sedan parked at the curb.

New Orleans' alleys are generally no more than three to
five feet wide. Additionally, garbage cans and debris gener-
ally fill them, rendering fighting and escaping more difficult.

Drama

he characters walk down the street, set them up for
what is ahead. Make it seem normal for people to bump into
them. Drunken partygoers stumble past them, momentarily

grabbing onto the characters' arms for support as they go by.
Groups of people walk up to them, inviting them to a party.

Book Two: D'Jabbic 103


THe

Any assortment of street people may approach them, from
prostitutes to beggars. Do whatever you can in the first few
moments of the story to make being approached or touched
seem commonplace. When the ghouls grab them, they will
not be aware of the danger until they are being dragged into
the alley.

The ghouls, knowing that they do not have enough
vampires for the next auction, are grabbing any who come
along. They do not expect to face a group of the undead, and
will act surprised should they have to face more than two.

The ghouls are well trained, but should be no match for
a group of vampires. The characters have the option of fleeing
or fighting. Ifa character is captured, the ghouls will take him
from the alley and throw him into the back of the sedan. He
will then be taken to a small, one-room concrete building far
outside of the city. The character(s) will be kept here until
the auction.

If the characters are beating the ghouls, the ghouls will
throw smoke grenades and try to escape. If they are captured
anyway, the characters will be unable to extract any informa-
tion from them (the ghouls are both Blood Bound and

Dominated). Should the characters find a way to force them
to talk or take them to Prince Marcel, the ghouls will bite
down on the cyanide capsules in their mouths, just as they
have been Dominated to do.

Dialogue
There is no formal dialogue in this scene. The ghouls are
well versed in their plan and have no need to talk.

Characters
The two ghouls, Albert Niezer and Kate Kasper, have

served the Sabbat for years. The sect assigned them to help
Raymond, and they are very good at capturing members of
the Camarilla.
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Bravo
Born: 1930
Apparent Age: 30s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Security 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 1, New Orleans Knowl-
edge 1, Occult 2

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Potence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 6

Equipment: Stake, Heavy Pistol, Smoke Grenade, Cyanide
Capsule

New Orleans by N


Scene Two

Plot

After the attack, the characters will likely head for some
safe haven. The most logical choice will be the Twilight
Club, where all the city's vampires are welcome during Mardi
Gras. As soon as they get there, Jake Almerson (or another
vampire of the Storyteller's choosing) tells them that a
recently arrived acquaintance of his is missing and has not
The characters may or
indred what happened to
them, but that is inconsequential. Prince Marcel's spies have

been heard from for several night
may not choose to tell the other

already found out. Before the conversation goes much fur-
ther, one of Marcel's Retainers enters the club.
°
Setting

The Twilight Club is a small but functional meeting room,
not only for New Orleans' Kindred but for wanderers and

refugees as well. The club serves as an informal gathering place
where information can be gathered and exchanged or where
vampires can find refuge for a few hours. The club enforces a
strict "no confrontation" rule; no act of aggression or violence
is tolerated. Those who break this rule are banned from the club,
either permanently or for a period of months or years.

The Twilight Club is located on the upper floor of a set of

shops next to a popular Bourbon Street nightclub. Entrance to

the club is obtained via a flight of stairs in the middle of the
building that leads up into a hollowed alcove. At the top of the
d white door that opens into the club. Because the
club is not advertised and has no signs to attract attention,

stairs is as

almost no mortals try to go there, and those who do are told it
is a private room.

The club is divided into two sections to accommodate the
stairwell. One side serves as a game area, featuring a pool table
light hanging
overhead. The other side of the area has a 26" color television
in one corner. Set in front of it are several lounge tables and

surrounded by several barstools and with <

chairs.

In describing the other side of the club to the players,
imagine a gentlemen's club from the 1920s. This area is more of
a reading and social area; it is furnished in a very elegant style.
In the center of the room sits a large, plush leather couch with
cherry-wood end tables on either side and a glass-topped coffee
table before it. On the table are current copies of various
magazines and newspapers, including Forbes, Time, Fortune,
The New York Times, USA Today and The Wall Street Journal.

On opposite sides facing the couch are two wing-backed
chairs with tan upholstery. Between the chairs is a small tripod
table witha fern adoming it. Beside the chairs are two matching
end tables similar to those by the couch. Sitting on each table
isa lamp with a low wattage bulb. Dark brown carpeting covers
the floor from wall to wall. Large, oak-stained bookcases reach-
ing nearly to the ceiling line two walls, and the wall facing the


road has two large French windows that open onto a balcony
overlooking Bourbon Street.

Despite the decor's attempt at sophistication, jazz music
always wafts into it from the street and from nearby buildings.
During Mardi Gras, even that music is drowned out by the
numerous bands participating in the parades.

Although the club is open to all clans on all nights, there
are certain nights when one clan seems to dominate the club.
On Wednesdays and Thursdays, for instance, the club hosts
Tremere, Ventrue, Giovanni and Toreador. On Friday and
Saturday nights, however, Brujah, Ravnos, Malkavians and
occasional Gangrel take over. Pool tables, barstools, chairs
and tables get shoved aside, boom boxes are set up, and a
ceiling-rattling, paint-pecling party begins that lasts till near
dawn. Occasionally a few Toreador can be found at these
parties, as can the odd Caitiff. Most Nosferatu avoid the club
altogether, and Prince Marcel is also a rare visitor.

The Brujah Dutch and the Nosferatu Roger run the club
jointly, and they have Retainers on hand to take care of
anyone's needs. The club keeps a limited supply of vitae on
hand, but it primarily serves as a meeting place. Indeed, most
vampires who have heard anything about the city know
about this hole-in-the-wall.

Tonight several Kindred are at the club, but most,
including the Gangrel leader Roxy, are on the balcony
watching the events below. The only ones inside are the
Tremere Nigel and Sebastian, engaged in a game of cribbage,
and Jake Almerson, who watches them intently.

Drama

There should be more talk than action in this scene.
Because it takes place at the Twilight Club, no confrontation
should be allowed. Should anyone try to start any trouble for
any reason, she will be thrown out of the club and barred from
returning for a long period of time.

Dialogue

The dialogue in this scene will start as soon as the
characters arrive. If the characters look as though they have
been in a fight, others may ask them what has happened. At
some point Jake will come up to them and ask if they have
seen Kautiin, an African Brujah who arrived in town at the
start of Carmival several weeks ago. If the characters are
evasive or don't want to talk, Jake will become suspicious.
This conversation can continue for as long as the Storyteller
likes, but definitely ends when Prince Marcel's messenger
arrives and summons the characters to Marcel's office.

Characters

Any of the characters from Chapter Four can appear in
this scene. On the other hand, the Storyteller might find this
to be a prime opportunity to introduce characters of his own
devising, especially those from out of town. The messenger is
a standard mortal.

Live Action

In this scene, the characters interact with other
Kindred in the story, and it may in fact be their first
interaction with each other if they were not all involved
in Scene One. The club setting makes it ideal for Mind's
Eye Theatre.

The first thing to take into consideration is the
setting. The club's ambience varies depending upon the
night. The Storyteller must choose which of these motifs
is appropriate for the story and plan the set accordingly.
Try to approximate the feel of the club as best you can.
Many of the objects described in the text are easily
obtainable. You might wish to emphasize props that
would lend to the feel of a particular theme. Many ideas
for props can be obtained from the setting section of this
scene.

If it isa Wednesday or Thursday night (nights when
the Tremere and Ventrue hold sway), issues of Forbes,
Fortune and The Wall Street Journal on the coffee table are
appropriate, with subdued, possibly even classical music
playing in the background. Friday and Saturday nights,
however, are quite different. If the story takes place on
one of these nights, the furniture should be pushed aside,
and loud raucous music should be playing. You may even
wish to invite a few friends who are not involved in the
game, under the pretext of a party. This would lend a
great deal of atmosphere to the story. You should make
sure that those invited are aware of what is going on;
some may even wish to participate, if only in a minor
way.

Scene Three

Plot

At his office, Marcel tells the characters that a number of
residents of the city, both mortals and Kindred, have disap-
peared. He is not overly concerned about the mortal
disappearances, for that is a matter for the police. The disap-
pearance of Kindred, however, is a Kindred affair. Because the
characters were the only ones whose assault was witnessed, or
who escaped the assault, he asks them for details. No matter
what they say, Marcel becomes more and more suspicious. He
demands to know if the characters are working with the New
Orleans Special Task Force. Then he insists that they prove
theirinnocence on pain of exile from the city. Of course, Marcel
knows the characters have nothing to do with the disappear-
ances, but hopes to use them to cover his own investigations.

Setting
Marcel's home is located on River Road, several miles west
of Destrehan Plantation, one of the oldest existing plantations
in Louisiana. Built in 1787, Destrehan is a popular tourist
attraction, which affords Marcel perfect privacy, for he has no
permanent neighbors to question his odd habits.

106 New Orleans by Night


The building Marcel now inhabits, Rubis d'le Nuit, was
built in 1805 by Marcel's grandfather, who created a large
tobacco and sugar cane plantation amid the Louisiana bayou.
During the years before the Civil War, the plantation provided
the family with an extremely comfortable lifestyle. After the
war, however, the family sold portions of the land. Now, while
the grounds and gardens are well kept, the fields are poorly
tended and little grows in them anymore.

The main house lies at the end of a dirt road that winds
through a dense tangle of moss-hung cypress and oak trees.
Oyster shells cover the road, which twice crosses a stream that
runs through the property. Near the house the trees thin out,
finally opening like a curtain to reveal the splendor of the
grounds about the house. The lawn and gardens are perfectly
kept by a team of hired landscapers who see that the house and
grounds never appear abandoned or uncared for.

To the side of the house, a few hundred yards away, stands
asmall, elegant gazebo. It is painted white and trimmed in dark
blue, with hanging plants added for decoration. Behind the
house is a three-car garage, currently occupied by a black
Lincoln Town Car, a silver Mercedes and a red Ferrari a
classic 1968 Daytona.

The house is a three-and-a-half story, 32-room, pink
stucco mansion with a distinctive French Colonial flavor. Ithas
large Gothic windows flanked by brown, wooden storm shut-
ters, a style typical of houses in southern Louisiana.

Two sweeping staircases lead up to double French doors
that grace the front of the house. Twelve Corinthian columns

support a second-floor balcony, and a large outdoor chandelier
hangs over the front doors. Were it not for the car that brought
them here, the characters could easily believe they had stepped
back in time 150 years.

The interior of the house is a testimony to extravagant
luxury, and it is important that the players fully realize the
opulence and wealth of Rubis d'le Nuit. The bottom floor of the
mansion blends antebellum Southern culture and French Pro-
vincial. Aubusson rugs and French Colonial carpets in various
patterns cover the floors. Queen Anne sofas decorate several
parlors, while in other rooms the sofas are of stained cherry-
wood, upholstered with crushed velvet. Chippendale end tables
sit next to Louis XVI armchairs, and crystal chandeliers illumi-
nate every room.

The bottom floor consists of a living room, study, den,
formal dining room, reading room, library, kitchen and three
parlors. Various works of art hang in all the rooms except the
kitchen. Marcel's tastes seem mainly to turn toward French
Impressionism, though a number of pieces by leading Toreador
also fill the house. Crystal and porcelain vases, including one
vase from the Sung Dynasty, sit on tables and mantles, as do
small statues and other works of art.

Over the fireplace in the main parlor hangs a life-sized
portrait of Marcel in the parade uniform ofa Confederate Army
officer. On the mantle below the painting isa faded photograph
depicting Marcel, similarly attired and holding a rifle, in front
of a small tent. The only difference between his appearance

Book Two: D'Jabbic


foe)

_ we

then and now is that in the portrait and photograph he s
a full beard.

The books in the library are very old, mostly first editions of
various popular works published over the last 100 years. All of the
books are in very good condition, kept on shelves behind right-
fitting glass doors. The drapery over all the windows is of crushed
velvet. When closed during the daylight hours, the bottom floor of
the house can be plunged into near-total darkness.

The dining-room table, of long, solid teak with an intri-
cately carved, glass-overlaid top, can comfortably seat 30. The
cabinets on either side of the room are filled with fine porcelain
china and Waterford crystal glasses.

In keeping with the period setting, there are no electric
devices downstairs save those in the kitchen and for lighting.
Nor are there televisions, radios or phones. Those things are
reserved for the second and third floors.

The second floor is decorated in a more modern manner.
The rooms are furnished with leather sofas and easy chairs. One
room contains an elaborate stereo system, another a wide-
screen television and VCR. The floors, if not covered in
wall-to-wall carpeting, are covered with Oriental rugs. The
most curious feature of this floor is the lack of lighting. Marcel
is particularly fond of low lighting.

On the third floor are the bedrooms. Each of the 10 rooms
has a four-poster bed, night table, desk, chairs, lamps and
dresser. All are kept as though company were expected to arrive
atany moment. The baths areas elegantas the rest of the rooms,
with sunken tubs, large, full-wall mirrors, decorative faucet
handles and etched sliding glass doors on the showers.

Marcel's own room is the attic space, which he has
converted into a comfortable living area. Acc
may only be gained through a solid steel door covered with
wood paneling (there are no windows). The space between the
floors is lined with a double layer of lead shielding. The attic, as
well as the rest of the house, is wired with an extremely
sophisticated security system designed not only to warn of
unauthorized entry, but also to provide warning of fires.

ss to the room

The most interesting room of the house, however, is
downstairs behind two oak doors. Here, Marcel keeps his
private collection of very finely preserved Civil War memora-
bilia. Many items displayed herein are artifacts Marcel has kept
from the time he himself fought in the war.

Drama

Again, this scene involves more talk than action. Marcel
makes no grand entrance to meet the characters. Two Retain-
ers, whoactas his housekeeperand his butler, lead the characters
into the main parlor and leave them there for a few moments.

Dialogue
After greeting the characters warmly and making sure they
are comfortable, Marcel will ask to hear their version of what
happened. No matter what they say, he will appear to become
more and more suspicious the more they talk. He will begin
questioning their actions and will especially want to know why
they did not capture their attackers alive.

New Orleans by Night

Marcel will then begin to make veiled suggestions that the
characters, realizing they were being watched by his spies,
arranged the assault to ensure they would not be suspected in
the recent disappearances. Nothing the characters can say will
dissuade him, and his two childer, Anthony and Christopher,
will enter the room as he becomes more agitated. Anthony will
attempt to calm him, and then Marcel will make his ultimatum.

If the characters are not responsible for the kidnappings, they
must find out who is. Marcel admits he used to suspect Detective
Robert Carter and his group of vampire hunters (N.O.S.T.F.), but
now he is not so sure. Should the characters choose to refuse him,
they will be immediately exiled from the city.

If the players are not aware of Marcel's arrangement with
Carter, a likely circumstance since there is no reason they
should know, Marcel will explain very little about it to them.
He will tell them that Carter is known to hunt renegades within
the city, usually those who would threaten the Masquerade. For
this reason he has been allowed to live. Marcel believes,
however, that N.O.S.T.F. has recently begun hunting New
Orleans Kindred indiscriminately. Marcel believes it would be
a good idea for the players to begin their search with N.O.S.T.F.

This, in fact, has been Marcel's goal all along. He knows
the characters had nothing to do with the disappearances, but
needs someone not directly connected to him to investigate.
Anthony and Christopher know this, and know that their role
with the characters is to watch, not become actively involved.
What they do not know is that Marcel actually suspects the
elders who have been sending representatives to the city, but is
afraid to do anything against them until he uncovers more
information.

Characters
Marcel's Retainers are standard mortals. Descriptions of
Marcel and his childer can be found in Chapter Four. If there
is trouble, Marcel's two ghoul guards will come to his aid.

Book Two: D'Jabbic

1

A

9


Scene Four

Plot

If the character follow Marccel's suggestion, they should
head for N.O.S.T.F. Headquarters, to which either childe
can direct them. With a little effort they will find Carter's
office and begin searching it for clues. In his filing cabinet
they finda file that N.O.S.T-F. is keeping on the kidnappings,
but nothing specific on any victim. By breaking into Carter's
computer files, however, the characters will find a general file
on the mortal kidnapping victims, but individual files on the
Kindred who are missing. One additional file is marked
"Witness.loc," but lists only that there is a witness and that
this person is being kept at an undisclosed location.

As the players are perusing the files, however, Carter and
two of his men will come in. He will open fire on the players
and either capture them or chase them from the building.

Setting
The N.O.P.D. building where N.O.S.T-F. has its head-
quarters is located just off Loyola Avenue in the CBD.
N.O.S.T.F.'s offices are located in the basement area of the
N.O.P.D. It can be accessed via a flight of stairs in one of the
back corridors of the building.

Drama

This scene requires the players to make decisions and,
based on those decisions, can proceed in many different

directions. Once in the police building, characters will have

ahard time getting into the basement. While the building is
not particularly busy at night, most doors are kept locked.
The Storyteller can have fun with police asking the charac-
ters what they are doing. Still, it should not be ridiculously
hard to get into the basement. The characters can Dominate
an officer or a janitor to let them in, follow one while
Obfuscated, or just pick locks until they get where they want
to go.

The players should try to find Carter's office as quickly
as possible. When they reach it, they will find it empty except
for a desk and chair, a computer and several filing cabinets.

Investigating the filing cabinets, characters will find
general files detailing all of the disappearances in New
Orleans, both mortal and Kindred. No specific details are
listed aside from whether or not the disappearance
pected of being a kidnapping. This file, and other files on
specific crimes, are written in plain English. However, there
are numerous coded files. These files detail most of what the
N.O.S.T.F. knows about specific vampires. Interestingly
enough, there is no file on Marcel. Carter has memorized that
information. Decoding the files requires accumulating 15
successes on an Intelligence + Linguistics roll (difficulty 9).
Each roll requires two hours.

AS-

If one of the characters is proficient with computers, the
group can try to hack its way into Carter's computer files.
Cracking his security requires two successes on a Wits +
Computer roll (difficulty 8). If none of the characters has any
computer ability, they will not obtain this information, and
must continue with the investigation as best they can.

New Orleans by Night


However, if the Storyteller wants to thrust the charac-
ters back into the story, he can let the players deduce Carter's
ystem of passwords from information in the office. This
would require either good player reasoning or a Wits +
Investigation roll (difficulty 9). While Carter is good with
computers, he has not created an impenetrable system since
he keeps his most important information in his head.

Once they have accessed Carter's files, the characters
find a list of the suspected kidnapping victims. Individual
files exist for each of the Kindred victims. These files contain
an exceptional amount of information, including the vam-
pires' names, lengths of residency, whom they may have
known, known mortal relatives, friends, enemies and clan.

This should give the players a hint of just how well
informed and dangerous N.O.S.T.F. is. The files also list
where the victim was last seen, where the kidnapping was
believed to have taken place, and what evidence was found
at the scene. Nothing listed will be of much help to the
characters, for very little evidence was ever found.

There is one general file for the mortal victims, listing
similar personal information to that given in the other file.
The only additional information given will be, as in the
Kindred files, where the victim was last seen, where the
kidnapping is thought to have taken place, and what evi-
dence was found. Again, as with the Kindred files, very little
evidence is listed.

If the characters continue to search the computer files,
they will find a file listed "witness." This file will prove much
more difficult to access than the others. Once the characters
do so, the file states only that there was a mortal witness to
one of the Kindred kidnappings and that the witness is now

in protective custody at an undisclosed location.

As the players scan the file, the door to the office
suddenly opens. A tall, solidly built man blocks the doorway.
He holds a small, multi-fire crossbow loaded with its maxi-
mum six shots. He opens fire on the characters, but shoots to
capture rather than kill. In the next turn, two more guns —
silenced heavy pistols — poke into the room and open fire as
well.

The characters' best hope for escape is asmall window in
the back of the office. It sits on ground level and opens onto
the street. It cannot be opened and must be broken. Any
character crawling through it (this takes one turn) will

emerge on the ground of an alley.

Should Carter and his two assistants capture the charac-
ters, they will put the vampires in a cell and question them
with regard to the Kindred kidnappings. Once N.O.S.T-F. is
done with them, the Storyteller must decide what becomes of
the playe

. They may try to exchange what information they
have for their freedom, or try to escape.

After questioning them, however, Carter may decide to
let them go, using them to find other Kindred. This ploy,
which he has used many times before, is one way he manages
to obtain so much information on members of Kindred
society.

Book Two: D'Jabbic


If the players opt to fight Carter, more police will arrive
in 10 turns, or fewer if the characters make a lot of noise
(unsilenced weapons, breaking furniture, screaming and yell-
ing). Ifthe characters manage to escape, they should make for
the open street as fast as they can. Because it is Mardi Gras,
they should have little problem escaping.

If the characters somehow defeat and interrogate Carter
and his assistants before more police arrive, they find that the
three had returned to the office to record information about
the attempt on the characters themselves. Carter and his
men will not submit easily to interrogation or Dominate, and
the Storyteller might want to bring more police to speed
things along.

If the players do not manage to access the computer files,
they must either utilize what little information they could
obtain from the files in Carter's filing cabinets, or discover
N.O.S.T.F.'s information via other means. Questioning other
officers in the police department will get them nowhere; very
few of them even know of N.O.S.T.F. They will not be able
to get any information out of other N.O.S.T.F. members
unless they follow them around the city. Although this will
be very time-consuming, it will eventually lead them to the
safe house where the witness is being held.

Dialogue
There is not much dialogue in this scene. When Carter
discovers the characters, he opens fire at once. If characters
are captured, Carter will question them about other vampires
in the city and the locations of any vampire havens they may
know of — including their own.

Characters

Detective Carter is described in the Characters chapter.
His two assistants have the following Traits.
Nature: Martyr
Demeanor: Caregiver
Born: 1960
Apparent Age: 30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Police Procedure 2,
Security 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Kindred Lore 1, Law 2, New
Orleans Knowledge 1
Backgrounds: Allics 5, Contacts 3, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 7

Equipment: Stake, Heavy Pistol w/Silencer, Tonfa, Hand-
cuffs, Class Two Body Armor

Scene Five

Plot

The players discover that contacting the witness re-
quires them to make a perilous journey into Lupine territory.
There, they encounter members of the Uktena tribe. Though
the Lupines have a treaty with the Kindred, they are not
restricted from dealing harshly with trespassers.

Setting
This scene takes the characters into Lupine territory —
the neighborhood of Arabi, past the Inner Harbor Naviga-
tion Canal. This should inspire foreboding among
knowledgeable characters; the Inner Harbor Navigation
Canal is one of the landmarks used to mark the border
between Kindred and Lupine lands.

Drama

It is no coincidence that N.O.S.T.F. has its safe house in
Lupine territory. Carter knew that so doing would reduce
possible Kindred interference. This scene may proceed in one
of several directions. The characters may encounter no Lupines
at all (extremely lucky and equally unlikely). If the characters
know beforehand that they are venturing into Lupine territory,
they may seek allies from among the Gangrel clan. Almost any
Gangrel (even one of the characters) can act as a mediator,
learning what the Lupines may accept in exchange for safe

assage in and out of the territory. If the characters recruit an
outside mediator, that individual will grudgingly oblige, but the
characters will now owe her a prestation debt.

The most important aspect in dealing with any confron-
tation between the characters and the Lupines is how many
times the vampires have previously trespassed. If this is their
first time, the Lupines will rough them up but not destroy
them. If this is the second time for all or even only some
members of the group, the werewolves will try to kill them.

Dialogue

There will not be much dialogue in this scene. If the players
do run into any Lupines, and they have a mediator with them,
there will be some brief discussion concerning the possibility of
trading for safe passage. In exchange for letting the characters
through, the Lupines insist that the characters find a werewolf
by the name of Samuel Haight, who they believe is in New
Orleans. They describe him asa big, hard-looking, middle-aged
man with hazel eyes and brownish-gray hair. They have heard
that he is looking for a vampire to Embrace him, and thus the
characters might be able to find him.

If the characters encounter Lupines without a mediator,
the dialogue will be much briefer. The Lupines are not likely
even to inquire what the vampires are doing in their territory.
If it is the characters' first offense, they will be subdued and
beaten. Then the werewolves will take them back to New
Orleans and warn them not to come back.

112 New Orleans by Night

Characters

Unless the characters are an especially rough coterie,
one werewolf per vampire should be enough. Their statistics
are found below. The characters may also seek out Roxy,
Laura or another Gangrel to help them deal with the
werewolves.
Nature: Cavalier
Demeanor: Bravo
Born: 1960s and ‘70s
Apparent Age: Mid-20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 4
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Stealth 4, Survival 5
Knowledges: Kindred Lore 1, Linguistics 1, New Orleans
Knowledge 1, Occult 3
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 4
Backgrounds: Allies 5
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 7

Notes: Remember that in wolf or half-wolf form, these
characters double their Physical Attributes, cause aggravated
wounds, heal one Health Level per turn and use Celerity
without spending blood.

Scene Six

Plot

Once the characters reach the safe house, they find it
guarded by N.O.S.T.F members. If they manage to get past
the agents and question the witness, they will find out a great
deal more about the kidnapping.

Setting
The safe house is on the eastern edge of Arabi. It is set
away from any other house, located on several acres of open
field and surrounded by a six-foot tall fence with barbed wire
ontop. Itis a simple one-story white brick house with bars on
the windows and doors.

Drama

Though he does not expect any Kindred to get this far,
Carter is prepared for the possibility. He has assigned four
N.O.S.T.F. agents to guard the witness. One of the guards
prowls the grounds, another stays in the room with the
witness, and two sit in the living room, alternately watching
security monitors and the television.

Keep in mind that members of N.O.S.T.F will not be so
easy to bypass as the average guard. They keep in constant

Book Two: D'Jabbic

113


radio communication, know how to recognize vampires and
know better than to look in their eyes. These guards have
light amplification goggles and silenced submachine guns in
addition to the equipment listed in Scene Four.

Getting past the guards, the players must now question
the witness. The cooperation they receive from the witness
depends a great deal upon how the players present them-
selves. If they threaten or frighten the witness, it will take
them that much longer to get the information. Also, a
character with artistic ability will be able to reproduce a fairly
accurate drawing of the ghouls from the witness's description.

°
Dialogue

The questions the characters are very important. If

they do not ask the right questions, they are not going to get
the right answers.

The witness, Charlie Grisham, will describe how he was
attacked one night on the street. Someone grabbed him from
behind and pulled him into the alleyway. He felt the attacker
biting at his neck, and then suddenly felt the attacker pull
away. Grisham says he heard voices and turned to see what
was happening while he made his own getaway. The witness
will claim to have seen very little of the subsequent scene. If
one of the characters Dominates or hypnotizes Grisham, he
will remember seeing two people, a man and a woman,
forcing a third person (presumably the witness's attacker)
into the back of a black, four-door sedan. He also remembers
that the car had New York license plates.

Characters

N.O.S.T.F. members have been detailed above, and
Grisham is purely average.

New Orleans by Night


Scene Seven

Plot

Leaving the safe house (and probably returning to their
havens for the day), the characters are ambushed as they
enter the city. The group of attackers outnumbers them and
soon overpowers the characters. The attackers then drag the
characters to a warehouse in the dock area near the end of the
Inner Harbor Navigation Canal.

Setting

The characters must traverse the docks no matter how
they come back to New Orleans. While there, the Phoenix
Society attacks them and drags them to a rundown, aban-
doned warehouse located near the end of the Inner Harbor
Navigation Canal. The warehouse is surrounded by several
others and is not visible from the canal.

Drama

En route to this scene, the players must recross the
Lupines' territory. What trouble they may encounter as they
return to New Orleans is up to the Storyteller. No matter
where they cross the Inner Harbor Navigation Canal, how-
ever, they will find themselves in the dimly lit dock areas of
the city.

Sie

As soon as they cross, the characters are ambushed by a
group outnumbering them two to one. The attackers will
fight to subdue the characters and will not inflict serious
injury unless the players give them no other choice.

Once they are under control, the characters will be
taken to the warehouse. They will be taken inside and
brought before a tall, dark-haired man who will introduce
himself ro them as General, the leader of the Phoenix
Society.

Dialogue

There will be very little dialogue in this scene. The
members of the Phoenix Society who attacked the players
will not answer any questions put to them. They will simply
capture the players and take them to see General.

Characters
There will be two attac
Nature: Rebel

cers for every character.

Demeanor: Fanatic

Born: 1940s

Apparent Age: 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 1, Intimida-
tion 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Book Two: D'Jabbic

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Security 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 2, Law 1, New
Orleans Knowledge 1, Occult 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 1,
Potence 3, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 3, Resources 1, Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Equipment: Stakes, Clubs, Chains, Knives, Firearms (though
they won't use guns unless they must).

Scene Eight

Plot

The players will learn a great deal from General if they
have the presence of mind just to sit and listen. General will
tell the characters that Prince Marcel has lied to them.
Marcel has, in fact, informed them about only asmall fraction
of the actual number of missing Kindred. Most of the ab-
ducted vampires were members of the Underground Society;
indeed, no one in "proper" Kindred society even knows of
those disappearances except for Marcel and his spies.

General suggests that if the players want to uncover
more information about the kidnappings, they should ques-
tion New Orleans' Nosferatu or the wererats south of the city.

Drama

There will not be much drama in this scene unless the
players force it. If they try to escape or fight their way out of
the situation, they will be immediately restrained and likely
roughed up a bit to deter any further attempts.

Dialogue

General has a great deal to say to the characters. Hope-
fully they sit still and listen to him. He starts by introducing
himself, saying only that his name is General and that he is
the leader of the Phoenix Society. Though he already knows
much of what the characters seek to accomplish (thanks to
Christopher), he feigns ignorance and asks them about what
they are doing.

Why were they in Lupine territory? What were they
trying to find? If the characters refuse to answer, General will
accommodate them at first, answering the questions for them
(he already knows the answers anyway). If the characters
remain close-mouthed, General eventually allows others in
the room to "persuade" them to answer. If this doesn't work,
he Dominates the answers out of them.

Once General gets the characters' side of the story, he
tells them that Prince Marcel has lied to them. The number
of missing Kindred is actually much higher than the "few"
Marcel has led them to believe. Most of those taken had only

come to the city to visit. Additionally, vampires from around
the country have been disappearing, and General has reason
to believe they are being held in New Orleans.

At this point, one of the other members of the Phoenix
Society, a short, heavyset vampire named Carl, interjects
that the kidnappers are taking mortals as well. He announces
that last night he watched from a side street as a large black
car pulled up toa man walking alone. Two people jumped out
of the car, grabbed the man and dragged him into the car. Carl
insists that the man he saw kidnapped was not a vampire, but
a mortal — a vagrant who has not been seen since.

When Carl concludes his story, General asks the char-
acters what they think of the situation now. It should be
evident to them, he says, that those responsible for the
kidnapping are not very discriminating. They take Kindred
from every stratum of society and now seem to be kidnapping
mortals as well. [t would seem, General continues, that those
responsible require a great many victims. What is left to
discover, he tells them, is the reason.

General tells the characters that his own investigations
have not turned up much more than he has told them. He
suggests that further information might be obtained by ques-
tioning the city's Nosferatu or the wererats who live to the
south.

Characters
The members of the Phoenix Society are described

above, but General is described here.
Clan: Brujah
Sire: Robin Leeland
Generation: 7th
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Rebel
Embrace: 1794
Apparent Age: 40s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 5, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 6,
Riding 3
Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 4, History 3, Investigation 4,
Kindred Lore 3, Linguistics 4, Military Science 4, New Orleans
Knowledge 1, Occult 4, Sabbat Lore 2
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 5, Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 5, Quietus 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Influence 3, Mentor 5,
Resources 4, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 9

116 New Orleans by Night


Notes: Though General introduces himself as the Phoenix
Society's leader, he isn't. He also lied to the characters when
he told them he knew nothing more about the kidnappings.
He, like Prince Marcel, believes a group of elders are respon-
sible, and hopes to use this information against them. He
plans to use the characters to get this information.

Image: General has used his Obfuscate to change his appear-
ance. He currently looks like a short man of Mediterranean
origin, with dark hair and eye

Roleplaying Hints: You always try to take your opponents off
guard, and hope to surprise the characters with the amount of
information you know. Try to make the characters like you,
but do not be afraid to hurt them to get what you want.
Equipment: Wooden Sword, Shotgun

Scene Nine

Plot

The characters, should they follow General's advice,
seek out and question either the Nosferatu or the wererats.
Either group can tell the characters that Kindred elder
representatives from other cities have been making monthly
pilgrimages to New Orleans, staying for a few nights, and
then leaving.

Setting

This scene's setting depends on the characters. The
Nosferatu will be harder to find, but if the characters ask
around the Twilight Club, someone should be able to arrange
a meeting. If the characters try to locate the wererats, they
will have a slightly easier time of it. The wererats dwell on
land south of the city, down past Westwego — something
General can tell the characters.

Drama

Seeking out the Nosferatu will not necessarily entail a
great deal of drama. A meeting can best be arranged through
Roxy or one of the other Kindred. Remember, whoever sets
up the meeting will gain a small prestation debt from the
characters. The ease, or lack thereof, of the characters' search
is left to the Storyteller's dis

etion.

If the characters decide to seek information from the
wererats, the situation will be quite different. Getting to the
wererats' territory is problematic, for the direct route passes
through land claimed by both Kindred and Lupines. This
territory is even more dangerous than regular Lupine terri-
tory; anyone, vampire or werewolf, caught there is fair game.

To avoid the war zones, the characters may choose to go
by the long route, which means going completely around the
disputed area to get to the wererats' territory. Though this
takes considerably longer, it may save the characters a great

deal of trouble.

Book Tw

117

11

8

The wererats themselves are not looking for any fights,
but they will not hesitate to retaliate if the characters threaten
them.

Dialogue

It matters little to whom the players go for information,
for both groups can provide the same information. The only
difference lies in how characters approach the separate
groups. The Nosferatu are naturally suspicious, and the
characters must work hard to obtain any information from
them. The wererats are willing to talk, but only if the
characters bring something in exchange for their coopera-
tion. If the characters do not bring anything to trade, the
wererats give them nothing but tantalizing hints that they
know something special.

If properly mollified, both the Nosferatu and the wererats
tell the characters that they have heard and seen unusual
things. Furthermore, the more deeply they investigate the
events, the more sinister they seem. Both know that agents
representing many of the continent's most powerful elders
come to New Orleans once a month, stay a night or two and
then leave. Neither group admits to knowing the purpose
behind the visits, nor does either speculate on the matter.

If the players think to ask the Nosferatu about Samuel
Haight, they are aware he has come to town, but believe him
to be a mage. They have not seen him since he arrived a few
nights ago.

Characters

Among the Nosferatu, Avery or Martin can provide the

information the characters seek. If by some misfortune the
characters deal with Roger, he will provide misinformation
and probably bait a trap for the characters.

The wererats call themselves Ratkin and are similar to
the werewolves described above. While they can still use
Celerity without spending blood and heal wounds each turn,
only their bites cause aggravated wounds. Only their Dexter-
ity changes in their man-rat form, but it triples. They also
have two levels of Obfu
hand-to-hand combat.

te and prefer knives and guns to

New Orleans by Night

Scene Ten

Plot

Returning to the city, the characters must decide what
to do now. Very soon after they return to New Orleans, the
Gangrel Roxy approaches them, expressing an interest in
their investigation. She suggests that if they still seek infor-
mation, there is no better source than the old vampire/
werewolf, Uriah Travers. The only problem lies in finding
him.

.
Setting
The meeting can take place anywhere in the city. It most
likely occurs in an isolated area, possibly in a city park or one
of the cemeteries.

Drama

As the characters return from their information-gather-
ing expedition, Roxy or her Retainer, a strikingly handsome
game warden, approaches them. Fighting occurs only if the
characters instigate something. Otherwise Roxy inquires
about the search for the missing vampires.
vay, she will

If the players are rude to Roxy in any
immediately leave. The characters will have lost the chance
to gain some valuable information. If the characters try to
pick a fight, Roxy will quickly retaliate.

Chapter Four >

Dialogue

Roxy either approaches the characters herself or sends her

Retainer to arrange a meeting with them. Once they meet,
Roxy asks the players how their investigation is going. The
players may tell heras much as oras little as they please. She will
not try to extract information from them, for that is not the real
reason she wanted to meet with them. She wishes to help them
and to plant suspicions about Marcel in the process.

Roxy suggests that the characters seek out Uriah Travers,
who lives to the west of New Orleans on the north side of the
Teche. Very few beings in the area, Roxy claims, know as much
as the old vampire/werewolf, whose knowledge easily rivals that
of Marcel's spy network. Uriah is no friend to Marcel, so he does
not share his information with Marcel. He may be willing to
share what he knows of the kidnapping — if they can locate

him.

Roxy gives the characters directions to Uriah's home as
best she can. To get there, she says, one must leave the city and
travel east toward Lafayette. Travers' home is located in the
northern area of the Teche, approximately 10 miles northeast
of Lafayette on the bayou.

Characters

The characters should have already met Roxy; her descrip-
tion is given in Chapter Four. Her Retainer has the same Traits
as a SWAT officer, but he has a Survival Skill of 3 and an
Appearance Attribute of 4. Because he is a ghoul, he also has
Potence 1.

Book Two: D'Jabbic

. Scene Eleven

Plot

Following Roxy's directions, the characters set out to
find Uriah Travers. As they wade through the swamplands of
the Teche, however, they are ambushed by werealligators
who live in the area.

°
Setting

The area where Roxy has sent the characters is little
more than swampland. Very little light of any kind passes
through the canopy of trees. Even a vampire or Garou finds

the area dark. Characters without a light source will be
severely handicapped.
Drama

By now the players should have learned the benefit of
staying within Kindred territory. If the characters travel to
Uriah Travers' home by any route other than the one Roxy
gave them, they will find themselves either in Lupine
territory or in a disputed area. If they adhere to Roxy's
directions, however, they should encounter no serious ob-
stacles in getting to the Teche.

The characters' initial foray into the swamp should also
be fairly uneventful, for the werealligators want to give them
as little chance to escape as they can. Once the characters
have proceeded deep enough into the swamplands (any-
thing greater than one mile in), the werealligators launch
their attack.

If the characters do not escape the attack, the Story-
teller can decide their final fate. If the Storyteller does not
want to kill them, she can have Uriah Travers show up at the
last moment to rescue them.

Dialogue

There is very little dialogue in this scene.

Characters

Raymond has made a deal with two werealligators.
They are to capture any vampires they can. In exchange,
Raymond has promised to help recover some eggs the
Uktena have stolen. If the werealligators capture the char-
acters, they will take them to Raymond, who will auction
them off. The werealligators will not attack Uriah because
they respect his madness. Of course, if he really were a
Garou, they would slay him out of hand.

The werealligators, who call themselves Mokolé, are
similar to the werewolves in Scene Five. In their wereform,
they triple their Strength and Stamina, but halve their
Dexterity (round up). They also have Fortitude 2 and
Protean 2 to represent their tough hides and long teeth and
claws.

Scene Twelve

Plot

If they manage to escape the werealligator attack, the
characters make it to Uriah Travers' home. There, if they play
their cards right, the Malkavian will prove to be a most valuable
source of information. Travers is already well aware of the
regular visits by the elder representatives. Moreover, he is also
partially aware of the reason why. From his own sources around
the country, Travers has learned that a growing number of
elders are engaging in diablerie. He has also been told that the
elders' vampiric vitae supply originates in New Orleans.

Setting

Travers' home is a conservative but well-planned struc-
ture. Seemingly little more than a one-room shack, it rises
approximately 16 feet out of the water and rests on eight
solidly placed, foot-wide, heavy wooden pillars. Visitors must
enter the cabin by way of a rope ladder hanging down from
underneath the center of the cabin. The ladder can be pulled
up in case of attack. A six-foot-high fence of sharpened spikes
hangs ata slightly tilted angle around the cabin and the roof.
This make entrance from the sides nearly impossible.

Drama

There is very little drama in this scene unless the players

instigate it.
Dialogue

Upon first encountering the characters, Travers asks them
what they are doing in his territory. He is suspicious by nature and
does not trust the characters or their motives for coming to see him.
At the mention of the disappearances in the city, however, he
quickly drops his suspicious nature and talks much more freely.

Travers lets the characters tell him everything they know
before admitting that he is already aware of the elder represen-
tatives who come to the city each month. Travers tells the
characters that many of these elders have begun regularly
engaging in diablerie. Travers has also learned that the supply
of victims originates in New Orleans. The question is: Who is
providing the supply for the elders?

Ifthe characters think to ask about Haight, Travers says he
has just become aware that the Skin Stealer recently arrived in
town. Travers does not know what to do about it, but believes
the Garou/mage/ghoul is staying at the Jackson Inn, a rundown
flea-trap of a motel near the docks.

When the players are ready to return to New Orleans,
Travers suggests a safer route out of the swamp, one that will
allow them to avoid the werealligators. He says he has never
heard of them attacking Kindred before. As far as he knows,
they reserve their bitterness for werewolves.

Characters

The only new character in this scene is Uriah Travers,
whose Traits can be found in Chapter Four.

120 New Orleans by Night

Scene Thirteen

Plot

Now the characters must find Haight. He is indeed
staying at the Jackson Inn, but under an assumed name.
Because it is Carnival time, every room at the Inn is taken,
and the characters have their work cut out for them trying to
find him. Once they do, they discover that he has arrived to
attend the auction, which is scheduled to take place on Mardi
Gras. He hopes to buy a vampire to make him immortal. After
the characters talk him out of this plan, he will reveal who is
running the auction — in exchange for the characters' blood.

Setting
Most of this scene takes place at the Jackson Inn near the
docks. Characters will immediately get the impression that it
usually rents out rooms by the hour. The furniture is old and
moldy, and no one has cleaned any part of it in months.
Haight has a small room with a bed, a table and a lamp.

Drama

Most of the action in this scene involves trying to find
Haight. He is registered under an assumed name, rarely leaves
his room and only goes out to get food. If the characters give
his description to the clerk, he tries to hit them up for a bribe
before admitting that too many people have registered for
him to remember any one. He does, however, let the charac-
ters hang out in the hotel. If the characters Dominate him, he
claims that the description fits several guests. If characters

track him down and use Aura Perception on him, they see
myriad sparkles in his aura, which is usually dominated by a
deep red color.

After the characters find Haight, he will talk with them
willingly. If they attack him, however, they are in for some
real trouble.

Dialogue

After the characters have found Haight, he invites them
to a nearby restaurant to talk. He asks most of the initial
questions, mainly regarding the basics of vampiric existence.
The more he learns, the more concerned he seems to become.
If the characters have been helpful, he admits that he came
to New Orleans to buy a vampire at the auction. He had
hoped to obtain the vampiric Embrace, but no longer wants
immortality at that price.

Indeed, Haight has been having second thoughts since
arriving in the city, especially since he has decided he cannot
trust Raymond. He offers to reveal who runs the auction if
each character will give him enough of her blood to fill five
plasma bags apiece. After they do so, he describes Raymond
and says that they were to meet that night in a parking garage
near the French Quarter. There, Raymond was supposed to
tell him where to meet for tomorrow's auction.

Characters

Other than the desk clerk, the only ch
this scene is Samuel Haight.

acter of note in

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Architect

Book Two: D'Jabbic


Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Intimi-
dation 5, Leadership 5, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge
4
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Firearms 5, Melee 4, Stealth
4, Survival 5
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 4, Investigation 4, Lin-
guistics 3, Occult 5, Politics 4, Rituals 5
Disciplines: Thaumaturgy 3 (Movement of Mind 3, Lure of
Flames 2, Weather Control 2, Spirit Thaumaturgy 1)
Rituals: Ritual of Sacred Rebirth, Donning the Mask of
Shadows, Puissant Shield, Ward versus Lupines
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Resources 5
Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 2
Willpower: 9
Equipment: Shotgun, Staff of the World Tree, Shedding the
Spirit Skin Necklace
Notes: If you have Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Haight has
the following Traits:

Gifts: Bane Protector, Wyrm Hide, Unseelie Faerie Kin,
Blood Omen, Heightened Senses, Curse of Aeolus, Visceral Agony,
Razor Claws, Thieving Talons of the Magpie, Inspiration

Rage: 8

Gnosis: 8
If you have Mage: The Ascension, Haight has the following
Traits:

Essence: Dynamic

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 8

Paradox: 2

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 3, Forces 3,
Life 2, Matter 3, Prime 2, Spirit 4
If you do not have these games, give Haight Auspex 1,
Celerity 5, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Presence 2, Potence 2
and any other powers you desire.
The Staff of the World Tree does Strength + 3 Health Levels
of aggravated damage and makes Haight invisible to super-
natural forms of detection. It also allows him to draw on
almost limitless amounts of Willpower during a scene. His
necklace lets him travel at will into another dimension called
the Umbra. He can use both of these in his man-wolf form.
Image: Samuel Haight is a middle-aged man with hazel eyes
and brown, slightly graying hair. Haight is in excellent
physical condition. In all of his forms, Haight will maintain
a brown coat shot with gray.
Roleplaying Notes: As you have become more powerful, you
have become aware that your time on Earth is limited. You
have begun to seek immortality, and to that end you have
sought out the vampires. You have discovered that their
immortality comes with a price — a price you are unwilling

to pay. You found out about Raymond through a mage friend
but took an immediate dislike to him. If the characters prove
intelligent, you will tell them almost anything they want to
know. After all — like you, all Leeches are enemies of the
Garou. Anyway, they can provide you with blood.

Scene Fourteen

Plot

Now the characters head to the parking garage and find
Raymond. They can either confront him there or follow him.

Setting

A parking garage just south of the French Quarter.

Drama

Again, what kind of drama occurs in this scene depends
on the players. If they arrive at the parking lot at the time
Raymond has scheduled to meet Haight (4 a.m.), they see the
vampire waiting ina black Corvette with the engine running.
He will wait half an hour for Haight before driving off. If rhe
characters confront him here, he will drive off immediately,
probably hitting one or more of the characters on his way out.
If the characters opt to follow him, go to the next scene.

Despite the fact that this is Mardi Gras morning, follow-
ing him will not be difficult. However, if he has reason to
suspect he is being followed, he will use the Corvette's speed
to best effect. See the Stunt Driving rules in the Vampire
tulebook, pgs. 215-216.

.
Dialogue
There is not much dialogue in this scene except among
the players as they decide what they want to do. Raymond
will not talk to them.

Characters

Raymond is the only new character in this scene. He is
described in the Characters Chapter.

Scene Fifteen

Plot

Raymond will leave the parking garage and drive toward
the river to the docks. There, he will park his car on a side
street and enter one of the warehouses. Inside, Raymond
meets with a ghoul to discuss the problems with the Mardi
Gras auction. Stock is getting harder and harder to obtain
without attracting attention.

Setting
A large, abandoned warehouse. All its windows have
been broken and the doors are no longer locked.

122 New Orleans by Night

Drama

Raymond reaches the warehouse at 5 a.m. Sunrise is
usually between 6 and 7 a.m. He parks on a side street in front
ofa black Lincoln Town Car. If the characters have any way of
comparing, they discover that this is not Marcel's car. Inside the
warehouse, Raymond meets with a ghoul. If they managed a
sketch from the witness in Scene Eight or gota good look during
Scene One, they will recognize the ghoul as the attacker.

The characters can try to interfere with Raymond, but he
and his ghoul know where the back door is and will probably
escape, though they must abandon their cars. Raymond's is
registered in New Orleans, but the Town Car is registered in
New York City.

If followed, Raymond goes to his haven and the ghoul goes
toa boarding house. Both will relax until dark. If the characters
try to find out the precise pump house referred to by Raymond,
they discover that New Orleans has a number of pump houses.
Investigating all of them is out of the question.

Dialogue

In their brief conversation, the ghoul tells Raymond that
everything is ready for tomorrow night's auction, but that he is
growing concerned over the difficulties in getting stock. It was
hard enough to obtain victims for the last three auctions
without being noticed, but things are getting very dangerous
now. The police have a witness who can identify them, and at
least one attack (that on the characters) failed. The ghoul will
strongly suggest that perhaps they should stop the auction until
things cool down.

Raymond will dismiss the ghoul's suggestion, stating that
nothing will go wrong so long as they continue to carry on with the
auctionas Martin has told them todo. He will suggest that the ghoul
take advantage of the height of Mardi Gras to seize some more
victims. The ghoul will being to get very nervous over Raymond's
refusal to listen to him and will begin to suggest that he wants
nothing more to do with the auction after tonight.

Raymond tells the ghoul that he is too deep in the matter to
walk away from it now. The ghoul responds that he is not under
aymond's control and will do as he pleases, to which Raymond
suggests with a smile that perhaps he should discuss his plans with
Martin. After this the ghoul falls silent and becomes much more
compliant andagreeable with Raymond forthe rest of the conversa-
tion. Raymond instructs him to retum to the pump house and make
sure that everything is ready forthe auction that nightat9 p.m. That
is his responsibility, and Martin will not be pleased if things do not
go as smoothly as before.

Characters

The characters have already encountered both Raymond
and the ghoul.

Scene Sixteen

Plot

This scene occurs only if the characters seek to enlist
other Kindred's help in stopping the auction. At this point
they have only themselves to rely on and are facing unknown
adversaries. Hopefully the characters have befriended one or
more of the clan leaders.

Drama

Any drama in this scene occurs as the characters try to
recruit others to help stop the auction. They don't have much
time to recruit help. After Raymond leaves the warehouse,
they have only one hour until morning. The sun sets at 7
p.m., so they have only two hours until the auction, though
it will run until midnight. Hopefully at least one of the
characters is following Raymond or the ghoul. If not, then
they will have to spend all this time trying to find the pump
house, and will fail if they do not have a good plan.

Dialogue

Perhaps to the characters' surprise, Marcel will not meet
with them before the auction. His spy network has already
garnered the same information the characters have uncov-
ered, and he will not act against powerful elders without more
information — the kind he can use for blackmail. His
associates all feel the same way.

Both Roxy and Dutch would help break up the auction,
but finding them poses a problem. The Twilight Club might
be a good place for this; in any case, neither offers immediate
help. They make no promises, but go to round up their own
forces (the Underground Society in the case of Dutch, the
Lupines for Roxy). If they show up at all, the Storyteller
might want to use them as the cavalry, coming at the last
minute to rescue the characters — if the characters deserve

Scene Seventeen

Plot

The characters, with whatever allies they have managed
to gather, approach the pump house where the auction is
being held. They must bypass several guards to get into the
pump house, and once inside, they find the room crowded
with 15 elder representatives bidding on neonates paraded
before the group.

=
Setting
New Orleans maintains a number of pump houses to
pump away the excess rain water and thus avoid flooding.
These unstaffed pump houses are old, rundown buildings,
each approximately the size of a small fire station. The sound

Book Two: D'Jabbic 123

124

of the pumps alone, however, makes them fairly unlikely
places to hold the auction.

Raymond, however, has managed to find an abandoned
pump house that suits his needs perfectly. It is located a short
distance to the west of the city limits in an unused field,
hidden from view by a thin grove of trees and high bushes.
The pump house isa large, whitewashed cement-block build-
ing. It has two doors, one in the front and one in the back. A
number of windows, cach approximately 30" tall, are high in
its walls.

The building is essentially empty except for a large
mechanical pump, which sits in the center of the room. The
pump, however, has long been stripped of most of its parts and
now, like the building in which it sits, is little more than a
shell.

The auction takes place at the back of the pump house.
The building is approximately one-and-one-half stories tall.
A small metal catwalk winds all the way around the room;
this is accessible by a ladder near the front door.

Drama

The characters can locate the correct pump house in a
number of ways. They can go to New Orleans' Sewerage and
Water Department and find out where all the pump houses
are located. If their search is thorough enough, they will
discover old papers authorizing the stripping of the old pump
and the closing of the pump house. If they locate the pump
houses in use and decide to search each one, the auction will
be over by the time they finish.

Another option is the perusal of real estate sales. Records
indicate that the land on which the old pump house sits was
sold to Raymond five months ago. It is one of two pieces of
property he owns. The other is an old house within the city
limits near the French Quarter.

Once the characters arrive at the pump house, they must
neutralize Raymond's security. This includes a number of
ghouls who are armed with automatic rifles, wear light
intensification goggles and flak vests, and sport odd body
mutilations. These are Sabbat ghouls who have been disfig-
ured by the Vicissitude Discipline.

Ifthe characters manage to bypass the guards around the
pump house, they must still get inside. It would not be wise
to go in either door. A more discreet method of entry can be
found by way of the windows, provided the characters can
reach them.

Once inside, the characters have only a matter of min-
utes to assess the situation before being forced into action.
There is no way to predict the outcome of this final scene; it
depends on the players' skill and raw power.

However, several points might tip the scales in the
players' favor. For instance, did they manage to find any
allies? Did they bring any weapons? Are they good fighte'
Do not forget that Detective Carter and N.O.S.T.F. are also
investigating the cases. How close are they? Have they also
located the auction? If they arrive on the scene they will find

New Orleans by Night

a building full of vampires and lacking in escape routes. Will
Carter put an end to the auction or destroy as many renegades
as he can?

If things were not bad enough for the players, keep in
mind the real power behind Raymond's auction. Martin
D'Richet is not a mage to be trifled with. He may see the
situation in the same light as N.O.S.T.F. There is also the
possibility of a fairly bloodless ending should the players be
discovered and caught before they do anything. In this case,
they may find themselves being auctioned off to the highest
bidder.

Dialogue

The nature of the scene leaves little time for dialogue.

Characters

There are 15 representatives here. Though most of them
are ghouls, there should be one vampire for each character.
The vampires have Traits identical to those of the Phoenix
Society members; the ghouls' Traits are identical to those of
the ghouls in Scene One. Six ghouls guard the grounds, while
the two who took part in the kidnapping are inside with
Raymond. There are also six staked neonates being auc-
tioned off. While the characters might free them, they are
under close watch andare likely to enter frenzy when unstaked.

Epi
pilogue

Inthe end, little evidence of what happened will remain.
Ifno one else attempts to torch the old pump house, Raymond
sets off explosives he has hidden there for just such an
eventuality.

The characters have made a number of powerful en-
emies here, including the mage Martin D'Richet and some
powerful vampires. While most of these engaged in diablerie
did so for fun, anumber are so old and powerful that they must
drink vampiric vitae. They will not be pleased to have lost this
source.

Because the characters fulfilled Prince Marcel's request,
he will owe them a prestation debt, albeit grudgingly. He had
hoped to use the information to blackmail more powerful
Kindred. If the characters do find out about D'Richet, Marcel
will gladly be in their debt.

Also, the Sabbat is now aware of the characters, though
not necessarily antagonistic. Indeed, if the characters en-
joyed exceptional success, the sect might try to recruit them.

Finally, if the characters found out about the auction and
do nothing, warn them with a Humanity roll. If that does not
motivate them, Raymond summons a Sabbat pack to kidnap
them. He then sells them at the next auction.

Book Two: D'Jabbic 125

Garou, a werewolf torn between the ways of human
and wolf. Garou, spirit made flesh.

Gaia, the mother, cries in pain as her enemies poison
her with pollution and nuclear waste.

And the Wyrm laughs. The dragon of destruction and
corruption ravages the earth, destroying the last
havens of nature.

The End Times are here.

The Age of Apocalypse has arrived.

SECOND EDITION
Che New Shape of Werewolf

Completely revised for clarity, with improved combat
tules fully compatible with previous Storyteller games
and expanded rules for spirit combat. The new
Werewolf hardback provides a deeper look into the
many levels of the Umbra, including glimpses of
wraiths. There are also more details on Garou culture,
including new rituals and the pictogramic saga of the
Garou, from their ancient beginnings to modern times.

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
Ash MIN., GA 30083

Came STuplo

Coming in ~~ from ihe a Game —


sie $ § yy
oi Os just a Game. Its jugu

Ss justoa Gane. its: just a. Game.

'
just a Game. Its just a Game,

just,a.Game. Its just.a.Game. Its just.a.Game.. Its jus

Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its jus a

Its, just.a.Game. Its: just.a,Game. Its just.a.Game.
It just a Game. [ts Just a Game. Its just a Ges ° Its just a Gane qu

just a Game. . Its just.a. Game. Its just.a Game. Its; just a-.Game. Its jus

just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Its jus,
Its .just-a. Game. Its just .a..Game. Its; just.a. Game. Its; just,.a.Game.
Its just a Game. Its just a Its just a Game. Its just a Game, a

just a Game. Its. just.a.Game.. Its dust,a.Game.. Its,.just.a.Game.. Its jus

Its. just.a, Game. Its .just,a. Game. its; just.a.Game. Its just.a. Game.
It a Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Ganie,
.

just.a Game.. Its just.a,Game.. Its Just,a..Game.. Its: just.a.Game. Its jus

dust a Ga ng gust a Game Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its jus 4
Its; just ,a..Game. Its;just..a.Game. Its, just.a, Game. its, just.a,. Game.
Its just a ar Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Game",

it

just .a. Game. just.a.Game,. Its jus

Just a Game. ust a Game. Its jus
Its: just..a.Game. Its; just:.a..Game. Its Just &. Game. tts just .a..Game.

Its: just.a. Game. Its-just.a.Game.

se runmhnomeg it Ol

‘ StoNegn peed Wie Fes fuse

Its. just:..a.Game.

Its. just .a.Game.

fin aT AMC «
eae "ame.


Team: Blanco Lobo
Height: 40"
Weight: 159
Weapons: two
warhammers

p
Wall of Steel

Most Hated Opponent:
Damper (killed by

Ga 3; ne)

t Blood Pit
Memory: Back-to-back
kills of two warrio
the Colonial Marines.
Nord lost badly to R.
Frost so challenged and
killed a teammate of
Frost's the next time.
Frost then issued a
Blood Challenge and
killing Frost too.

wrote "Your bones

shatter like ice!"

referred Fighting Style:

Commentary: Though known
not to be a yery smart
warrior, Nord succeede
based on his outstanding
physical prowess. Despite the
ae 4 of intelligence, Nord is
known to have mastered the
warhammer. Many feel that
Nord retired at the height ot
his ablities, and he had just
achieved the pinnacle a
dwarven strength through his
arduous training program,
but Nord felt it was time for
younger warriors to tale over
the Pit. He had suggested
that he might return, but
that is doubtful following his
traumatic retirement fight
against Gangrene o
Virulence. [t-was the first
time in Blood Pit history
that two retiring warriors
faced one another and the
fight resulted in the death of
Gangrene, the opponent
Nord respected most.

: Blood Pit is the Play-

| Manage tive warriors who enter into individual or team figh
managers. You choose strategies for your warriors and dir
- they' get better and avoid permanent injuries. — a

To enter the Blood Pit just send $10 to White Wolf Cote Weill oe you ve

you need to get started, including a rulebook and com
ee turns by electronic mail (a value of $10). Turns t
all five warriors on your team. A

anda fighting spint.

CONNECT

1 404-299-7797 (Data ONL)
B 1d AK V.32BI8, 8/N/L 24 Hours

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
14 MTN., GA 30083

uiter disk. This price also co
ereafter are only $1. 7
you need is an IBM compatible compute

CRT CARD ORDERS ON

l


Monument to Blood

by Harry L. Heckel IV


tin beauty and decary

‘ercy Bysshe Shelley, Adi


Asflamesdraw the moth, so does Washington draw the Damned
asthey Mock toa place where their plotsand games are the norm, not
the exception. Here, playing with people's lives becomes an art, and

But it is not a game: Those who play it like a game find
themselves trumped and checkmated, They die, takingthe innocent
with them, Those whounderscand thatsuch power isnot robe toyed


Credits:

Written By: Harry L. Heckel IV

Additional Material By: Heath
Charles Beegly and

Edited By: Laura Perkinson
Developed By: Aniltew Greenbent

Art Direetor: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

‘Art: Thoms Berg, Jason Felix, Nick Ruskin, fosius Gabriel

Tienbrook
Front Cover Artz Connor

Cover and Logo Design: Aileen EM
Printod in Canada

sitntola, Alain Fisher,
nelin G,

@ yy SuiTe 100

780 Park NoRTH BLVD.
CuanksTON, GA 30021

Game Stuoie

©1995 by White W.
luction without the written permission ofthe publisher
in expressly forbidden, except far the purpose vf re
views: D.C. by Night and Vampire The Masquerade
are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All characters,
vanes places and text heteinvare copyrighted ky White
The mention of orreferencetosny company

1 groducr in these pages ie noe a challenge ta the
emnark oe copyright ¢

Ine All righraceunevedl R

‘emned

Because of themature themesinvvlved, reader

fiscretion 1s advised.

Special Thanks to:

Mark "Skinny" Rein® Hagen, for playin with

Stewart "Anikle Breaker" Wieck, for
thve enutches,

‘Sam "Belfast" Chupp, for getting ready to kiss the Blarney
stane,

ping his wife on

Wes "Champagne Harris, forcetebrating all his victories.

Rob "Take Me Buck" Hatch, for discovering justhow many
books the fiction departmenc plans to pur out

Ben "Great Plains" Monk, for showing everyone his it's
done

Michelle "Are You a Natural Purple?" Prahler, for her
Intest hair dye

Mike "Not En

that fiction

gh Stress! Krause. for trving to bring in
twoney

Stal

"He Looked Lonely" Krause, for bringing thar do
work

Special thanks foe quotes to: Justin Achilli and Caleb
Gamer

‘Author's Dedications

To Daniel Greenberg, the hest mentor anyone could
bi, Wayland, Derek and Ciera
who kept me writing.

for searting ill, and every


Chapter I: Introduction
Chapter 2: History

Chapter 3: Geography

Chapter 4: The Damned

Chapter 5: Circles Within Circles
Chapter 6: Running the City



Chapter One:
Introduction

he hive of tr
the soft und the black

heart all bee

Divinneyeatic

Aunty trouble yerting in from the airport" she asked,

hook le thurider boorned i
goblet filled with ceisnson blow ta her cub li

XC The Beast inside was squirming already, so Tay back Which dida't escape her attention,

n plied, meeting hee pale blue eves and feelin

into the soft coucl, looked over at the impeccably de

bloode and smiles
She smiled hack, showing just a hint of ber faryps: A
nicl Haeiely, "The prince will xre year inv
‘OF course," I replied. For just that moment, | wished

hat Vienna hadn'tsent mehere, [realized that Washington, nia. "The F

hat the Pontifex held enough power to deal with iy a0 [elt his presence behind me. tuned
1 prince, but | coukin't shake this sensation of dread, inoiment, our eyes met: His dark y

‘t natural. A waming from the rs depths, erged passions fir

Jidn't think so. And lookingat Gloria Déamond, my fellow to my kaees, and wis sweatin
chantry member, heightened my su seerned

Chapter One: Introduction


The Prince of Washington, D.C., Marcus Vitel, stood
before me, dressed in an exquisite tailored suit. He towered
above, tall, impressive — everything you'd expect from a
vampite prince. The image of trie Venue power. Buit
something was wrong. Not a flaw in his appearance oF the
power of his Presence; if was ximething else... the Beast
beyan ro struggle within me, cugging it the comets of any
tnund, could almost heat it, whispering vo the: rim, getaway

I spoke quickly

"Prince Marcus Vitelof Washingrs,0).C:,Lam Michael
Phelps, Clan Tremere. My site was Alexander Chisholin of
London. I present myself to you, and veuest your permis
sion to resice In your city."

Silence followed, broken it loa last hy the crash of
lightning,

‘Why have you come to my city!

Hiswoice was deopand strong, rescuing with nuthoeity,

"L was sent by tny clan elders to attend the Pontifex."

Another silence. ! was sell kneeling and unable to rise
The wolf padded up behind me.

"Michael Phelps
Why have you
your"

"It way an bonwr, Prince Vitel. They belleve 1 fuive
potential. They believe thar serving the Pontifex will trait
me to become a leader in our elon,"

you did noc answer my question,
come to ray city! Why dil your elders aend

The Prince took a few measured steps over to the
window. With extreme effor, | toee my eyes from the floor.

He stood in frontof the window, wich the Washington
‘Monument visible behind hitm. The shadows fell across his

face, and his eyes tixed on mine. [felt my blood freeze. His
‘eves flashed finely os the lightning flickered outside:
"Understand this, Michael Phelps of Clan Tretere. |

um Prince of Woslingtan. D.C. Unlike many princes, Ue.
not tolerate threats —veiledor otherwise —tomy rule, The
Masquerade is too fragile here. The actions of onve foolish
yeunate — or elder — in my city could make all Kindred
sulfer.f you have any needs oedifficulties, you
‘Obey the Traditions and euse me no trouble,
reap the benefits of power that only Washit
offer."

ta gavel nop

es, my Prince."

Ano
‘You have my permission to rem:
You may go to your Ponifex."

Before [was even aware of my actions, I wason my feet
and outside thedoot, Gloria's palearm entwined aroursd iy
own. { looked at her. Sho gave me that peedanocy smile
re lucky. He liked you."

you wll
fon, DC. can

m mny eywe: Uhvard myself hie

srexplonion of thunder sounded.
Michael Phelps

D.C. by Night

How to Use this Book

Although some say that Washington, D.C. his more
blood sucker per capita than any other city in the world
{and these are people who don't believe in vampires), this
hook takes the worst elements of the nation's capital and
{wannfocna them intosm envionment for storytelling in the
World of Darkness. If you are looking for an accurate
portmyal of D.C..g0 purchase a travel guide. Ifyou wan-to
see how Kindred could exist in che move important city in
the World of Durkness, you've come to the right place.

‘Thee are three basie ways to use this xourcebook. First,
you could sec nchroriete in Washington, D.C. und use this
book and its NPCs as material. Second, Washington, D.C.
takes great place to visi, and with the headqusmtersof the
and several other huntereroups located in
muy storylines thar could take Kindeed
il. Finally, you could never have any

itself, but many of the
planted, and the history
‘be used ns hackyround for events and settings in
icke.

the city the
to the nation's capi

Kindred visit Washington, DX

hhere ea
your own che
More information on Washington, D.C ind its tole in
the World of Darkness ean be found in Caerns: Places of
Power, the hunters hooks, sind many of the clanbooks.

Threats

While the Damned have left their mark on ahmost
every city in the world, some stand out in their immortal
‘memories. Rome, Alexandria, London, Baghilad —ar their
heights, these places drew the undead Ike carrion draws
vultures, Now the capital of the United Stree must be
ded (co this List, for while fewer than 50 vamipires live in
and around the capital, Kindred across the globe have a
stake in what goes on there

"The greatest dangers come from the resklent Kindredof
Washington, D.C. While they will defend their allies, a

unple call toany of the hunters will eliminate their enemies:

and keep theie hands clean, Threats even veiled ones, are
not taken tightly in Washington, D.C. New Kindred will
discover that older vampires assume that everyone ts an
enemy. Here is only a partial list of the dangers of D.C

* Kindred from around the globe closely monitor
‘events in the city. Should « neonate block their plans, even
by accident, they will wreak veryeance.

* Followers of Set have moved into the Northeastand
‘Southeast sections of the city along with the drug tee.

* The Sabbat and Camarila struggle for control of
Baltimore to the north. Should Baltimore fall, Washington,

* A.numberof mages operate in and around Washing-
ton, D.C., including branches of the Technocracy. These


elleve that sampiresiare an aberration, 37
the rtural law

The Area fut

bolars, where nightly debste

Inquisition. fun

ig with his daughtees, whe

Mood

The mood of Washi

sapitic cc
social and physical

A micspolen aon

ing for that one fatal misstep

The Damned )

There are two centers of power in Washingt

the

ews Vitel and the Tre

Peter Dorfinar. The Nosfetany, Gangrel,

threat

harm him. T
the Ponti
Pontifex D,
every aspect of Was

"9g voice could turn ther a

Chapter One: Introduction



Cially across the United States, have their pawns in the
rrstem, For instance; before Ronald Reagan became Presi«
dent of the Unites! States, he was Gavernor of California
tnd an imnpsttane too! in the Camanita's battles against the
‘Anarch Free States. A number of West Const Kindeed had
Retainers amongst lus aides, and when Reagan came into
‘the national spotlight, they were able to exert more influ
ence cross the country. Thistypeof manipuacion occursat
many levels. When a politician makesit to Washington, he
litens fo the subele whispers.of many masters — masters
who won't take kindly to the lords of Washingron trying eo
camirot thst pan
Jn addition, mattal companies and special interests
work constantly so ay co munipulate puliticians. Organi
tions such an Pentex and the National Rifle Association
(NRA) spend millions to keep congressmen ih their pock-
ta Orhersuperniatual beings —sraithe aged, werewolves,
change! wils, which they pas
government vificials to help then achieve. Wiel so many
diferent frees pulling on politicians to the Workd of
Darkness, the chances of any one gaining supremacy ovet
the others for any length of cme ds virtually ni
Irv any cose, D.C conwohited politics accuples the
tinof WashilnyonsKindesd Sutlieventsas Mayor Maric
Bucey's crest und return to power are de work of numerous
players exerting their influence. When the vampires inside
y decide to affect a national detsion
rmumber of canis at once, ving all OF thelr influehice «0
charge a stayle vote or anplement « policy, then stepping
back toavoid the appearancectto0 much powet, which may
Fringon de wrath of the Camarila at thet local enemies
lacs requite that all outsiders who
manipulate payne in his dosmais veceive his permission,
While this reuest han not ilways heen heeded, Prince Vitel
ants permission tw those who request It
‘Over the fast two decades, he has also started to request
small favors in exchamys for this permbskon. Prince Vitel
fever request favors any vampice why) might have theese
ofa Justicar, hur slualy, Vitef has creamed precedentto the
enefit of himself and future Washington princes

Mortal Society

Washington. D.C. iu stnunge piace, divided herween
the haves and huavesners; between city dwellers arn! com:
imiters, herween visitors nd residents, herween blacks and
whices, Mest of the affluent population af the District ies
lives in Northwest D.C. This in alos where most white
Washington residents live,
Forthe politically anporrant and influential, Washing:
sul power Lanches le iea place wher
decisions chat shake the work! ire made, where lobbyists
decide hone (0 control conuressuten, where campaign ana
lysee and potitical advisory clehate how to manipulate the

public: Irisaplace where whom yenrknow store inportant,
than what you know, and where prestation isu reality for
mortals as well ax Kinded

For the rest of i citizens, Washington, is a beantifl
place of monuments and symbols which seems ro have
forgotten that its also supposed ta be a city. For muany years
‘Washingtonians didn't even get to vote fur president, atl
thie D.C. huge raust still be approved by Congres. Iris
city of drugs and violent crime, where the Gothie sna Punk
elements clash openly. Here people struggle to improve
their lots in life amid poverty, abuse, Wine education and
constant insecurity

Many of the people who wotk it the Disitict live
‘outside it. They make the morning commute frost far
south ay Fredericksburg, Virwiniaoras far noth Fredrick
Maryland, Alexandria, Rockville, Silver Spring, and
Greenbelt all form «ring of cities tou the iret, each
‘one addin to the District' metrourea, Much to the dismay
of both Baltinore and Whshington, IDC. reside
1990 Census found the two metro areas indistingy

Many Washingtonians te distrustful, all ton yell aware
cf the jaded political mechanisms that dictate gowertunent
policy, Though they welcome tourists, they will wo t
Jengths to make sure that they ane 1
themselves

Mortal Politics

Encyclopedias could be written about Washington
politics, The city itelf has a mayor, elected by DC's
citizens, There (s also a city counetl. Several ward

tlie Divuiet, ad euch of dese areas fun a seprexeritit
The duties of the mayer involve managing 1
City buteaucracy and trying to gtand berween the Ditrict
and Congress. The mayor hits the unenviable task of caring
forthe capiualeicy, whiletyingto avoid steppingonthe te
cof national organizations. While D.C. statehood souk!
make this fess of an iaue, the movement has fe supporters
couiside the Beltway.

Organizations

‘Washington serves asthe headquarter for hundred of
‘oganizations, ranging from one-person offices to mist
‘operations. The temenchous rescdrces available tthe cy
make it very appealing to many private groups. especially
those with a need to lobby Congres. Listening to converse
tions in, Washington coffee shops 9 visitoe mig he
bureaucrat or yoverinient contractor ratte off hal-sth
abbceviations and numbers

Here are few examples

# AARP—American Assoclution or Retted Perens
swhich his powertul senios'rightstobby. kts members have

been known to throws themselvesatthecar ofconyresspecp!e
‘who have offended the organization.

nistaken for one

Chapter One: Introduction


* ATF — The Brireau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and
ns pat ofthe Justice Department, involved with the
attack on the Branch Davidians in Wana, Tera
*AMA—The American Medical Asweiation, which
fights health care reform with the
ght the Medicare progr
fall adyantaye of
* DOD — Department of Defense, whose heatiches
1 anger budget than de

* The Fed — The Federal Reserve Boand, which sets

ame intensity tt once

hich its members now take

h

* NRA — National Rifle Asociation, the powerful
shun ighes lobby in Washington, D.C

‘# NRC —Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the group
Hut keeps ack of alt nuclear repulsion:

+ OSHA — Ove y atl Health Adeain=
‘atnition,agovemment organization that menitorsworkplace

ational S

safety
+ ROTUS — The President of the United Srates
* Sccfiel — The Secretary of Defense, a cabinet
member
References

Amebeck, Bob,
‘ington 1790-1800.

hvongh A Biery Trait: Building Wash

tom. The Nasional Capial
McNally Guide: Washi,

Peterson, Larry, Fodor's Washingt, D.C

Sehlinget, Boy and S with Eve Zibart,
The Unofficial Gade to Washinguom, D.C

Smith, Howard K., Washington D (2: The Story of Our
Nitvion's Capytl

All he President's Men (The story of Watergate, dem-
‘onstratingthe relarianship berween the press and politicians
in Washingron, DC)

Cleor and Present Danger (A fun action-adventure flim
hour the CIA and its operations ip conjunction with the
President of the United Statex)

Anvanmsing film, also about the Presidency, with
nice background shots of the

Murpy Brown (Thi
ton, D.C.,and

popular sitcom issct in Washi:
es provides commentary on current

No Way Out (Another thriller involving conspiracy
aand the military, showing off the Pentagon.

D.C. bw Night


Traveling to
Washington, D.C.

to the city was accompanied with

sens sily dese

— Jobin Corton Sn

There are m
Uke many cities in tl
dangers. For « nation's
suprisingly unfriendly

Road Travel

Several rads lew

ny waya to enter Washington, D.C
‘Werld of Duk ach has its
al, Washington, D.C. can be

Ly into Washington, D.C, —I
th or south, US 50

mm the west, cr
195

aD.C Itelianges

come part of 1-95 as it
eastem he city. The Capital Beleway

4 perpetually under construction, usually rin the
cely, morning. hour truth
urs, the enti logged! with

atc jams ly lase until after dark

waste spilling across the rogds to a aorunal multi

0 the Beleway,
‘traffic comes fo a grinding halt for

with fnghteni

Wher this hap

regu

road networks
hardest for Kindred to watch for intruders, Virtually any
ampite ive ints the city, especially from the youth.
F the Prince of Washington takes consider

able interewt in events in Fredericksburg and the rest of

Air Travel
Three airports — Dulles laternational Airport, Wash
Ington National Airport, and Baltimore-Washington,
International Amport —serve the D.C. area. Residents

them as Dulles, National, and BWI
doment

Naclonal Airpe
all, isby far the
ystern ll

sntering Natio
abbar cities. This ac

pecially those from major
n perpetually


National Metro Station.

hington {nternational Airport is a suv

rike team of ghor

Water Travel

ofthe Bawn «

C&0 Canal
a

runs from New ¥

of the Prine nd the

id train le
adatkened tunnelon thei

tran hag b

on the Potomac €

nl. The waterfo


Getting Around
Washington D.C.

Metrorail and Metrobus

‘Washington D.C. hasan exten ray ne I n't ina iat with

the Mi sis 976 at y drivingeanbeanightanare. Stieets change
1 few blocks, be we
map reader is tn for @

on his eu
it Metro
uubway

hi un abundance of eabs pinning
Lof themoperate on the same barre

Chapter One: Introduction



Chapter Two:

On Lays his wil be

Kappes to ie

—Henry Adams

ton, DIC, i by its y
As the United Sta
nd power, s0 ha ic

ry nature a
s has wrown
capital grown in glory and

afivence

In 1790,Sccretary ofthe Trensury Alexander Hamilton
onal capital on the banks af the
After ¢

pew site for a nat

wing disput

over ve xes between
J the southern states

he site with the Resident Act

Washington appointed French- Am

Pierre Charles'Enfant to desig

res a
790, President
thecity. Secre

of Stare
son named Andrew Elhott aschief survey

Ba El

in his duties.

he choice of w national capital. The

dssand ladiesof France saw the

prestige in the New World lost

Ventmie-dominated British claimed Canada. They
clty founded is the capytal of the 13 eo

[would be fresh and mallet

sts angered for th

inlted States as
ent
1 place wit
‘opportunity

10 design
al expiil)

cess 1 trade, se thuit even with the westward expansi¢

ey would wll hold a powerful

When L

Methuselah sent hi

ny of his were 40 inn
ould not understand thetn, £

wanted
surpass all others in be

By 1791, the surveye
dent appainted three
19 fan
wnia and G

ange Town, Mary

seule They dicn't shue
spital. The Toreador we
hee capital

LEnfan

's plan wias dismi
presented by A

approved Ellicot
Ellicott lasted on

plan, and constr
# year on the projec

Chapter Two: History


he Early Years

Sabotage, work stoppages and misecentmunications am:
preted the efforts wo build the nation's capital. Days were spent
tnangumentsover how totame the land, where m pur the nals,
ana where the boundaries ofthe city would he, More than afew
of these problem: were due to the influence of power
Toreadors who were angered by the dismiss of the LEnfant
fan, These elder vampires subtly attempeed to design the
capital themvelves ftom far away in Europe, Their arog
ssrompes to seule the capital amounted to nti bt delay.

Finally, during the administration of Joe Adams in
1800, the government moved into the new capital, At that
time, Washington, D.C. had a population of only 3,000,
There were about 420 houses, of which only uae Oceayorr
House and the White House still remain today. History does
‘ot tell whether there were any Kindred living in the city
Morelikelyavampire would have dwelled acrossthe Potomac
in Alexandria, with its bustling population of §,000.

The firstsession of Congress held in Washington, D.C.
wav not a happy ome, Pigs waddled along Pennsylea
Avenue herween the White Houseandl the Capitol. Stumps
littered the ground, ankt corm grew in the former fichks
(Consiruction went on constantly. and during hard esinsthe
Tiber Creek flooded, making Pennsylvania Avenue impass:
able. The one completed wing of the Capino! building
hhoued the entire Congress nd the Supreme Court:

During winter, Washigton, D.C. became w ghost tenn.
Government officials would return to their home districts and
sates ard the city, with theexceprion ofa handfulo workers,
‘and the president and his staff, would he deserr

For this reawins the Kired dds ftw rove int
cevly Washington. A Brujah Prince, Ard
‘of commissioner Daniel Carroll, rose up in
declared hic! lor of the new capi: Ment New Weald
Kindred took hisclinms lightly, Many believed that ths union
of the thinee » would end as time passed, so the
powerful vampitescfthe New World spent their time fighting
‘over state capitalssuch asRichmondand Annapotis,and lange
cities, such as Philadelphia, New York snd Boston

‘The Sabbat presence in the New World was already
stron. and the Camarilla stent its resources attempting to
«atch up. In most of the formes colonies, the efforts of the
Camarilla were in vain,

Only one clan concemed (sself with the nation's capi-

tal—the Ven

of their domain, b
the colonies of one group or another wresting con

small capital village on the Potomac, the Vertmue decided
umert themeelves. During the War of 1812. 3,000 Reith

They considered Washington. D.C

D.C. by Night

resgulrs defeated 7,000 U.S. militiamen at the Buttle of
Bladensbuny. Aftertie victory the British advanced on the
citys with Ventrue phouls anny them, When the British
burned Washington, D.C, they not only destroyed several
public buildings, including the White Howse and the Li
beary of Congest; Ventme minions wrecked private homes
thar were suspected hayens for other Kindnl's Retainers

The British ended up losing more men in Washington,
DG than the Americans, however. Brsh amnuition
exploded during the fie, Killing many soldier. A salen
thwaderstorn beyan afte the eity ws aflame and blew bricks
down upon the sokdiers. These deaths remain a mystery,
though many blame the Tremere, whe, they say, were either
secking revenge forthe racing of the Library of Congress, ot
aiming to demonstrate that they ter, ud dexignson the city

Inthe aftermath dhe residentsof D.C. were demoralized
[Dehntes raged over whether co give up on the ste and move
the nation's capital toa hetter location, such as Lancaster,
Pennsylvania, or even tack 10) Philadelphia. Tao 6
fumed che tike of the movement towaad staying in the
District: news of the American victory atthe Bartle of New
Orleans, which helpedtorestoce the priteof Congrewand the
peaple;and the efforts the rexilents of the city, wha pooled
their resources in order tu build a teryporary brick Capitol
across from the gutted shell of the oll building

IE Kindred ad asserted themselves in. Washingron,
D.C. hefore the burniy, thev da' ufterwant, Asie from
Arthur Carroll, most vampires assumed from that time on
thar Washington wasthe province ofthe Ventrue,and they
chese nor to struggle fr it

Futhermony, inthe: duly year of tho Uniimd Sears!
history, the city wise' very mporant. Congress made same
imomertous decisions, bat ment citszns pur moe stork i state
govemons than prsidents. The population sas inconsistent,
oppingeadically every winter Efforato make thecapleal gow
with industry Falla projects such nthe Chesapeake anal Chis
Canal were gutdone by Bakimore's BO Raila) Further
rnere,anlikernom cities, Wiehingtoneouldnt
Ihecamse its only business was the federl gerne

Washington had little growth une the gov
‘began building more monuments. Inthe 1830s throwgh the
18506, work started and stopped on a ruanberof buisings,
erlralogtn Winding ii Five basil ce
«year emigrated to the capital during this tune.

The Civil War

‘Washington, D.C. caine into ity own during the Civil

Wat. For the first four days of the war, the city's 60,000

resicents eure sol sbsaftnd of southern invasion

tore upraiload rracksin Baltimore and the Confederate flag

‘went up over Alexandria. Soc, however, winforcements
wat the Notch reached the city ara) che Confederates
bandoned Alexandria


raw sewage whic fh
war's uum sutnn
from dying soldi

Marissa

hioel/ Prince
support of
fy. Unfor


ensure that when Washington fell ro the Confederates,
there would be little resistance to a new prince, Mont of
D.C.'s vampires went cowering into thelt havensoutof ear
that th disonn send Stonewall
ickzin's ot Rober ire the capital

Mary ss would come

A Tremere mystic named Maris, who hai heen Em

heaved shortly before the Warof 18 She
simed the princedom of Washington, and the Tremereclan

agave hex the tite of Ponuifex in the hoy chu this

torn would prove worthy as leader. The Tremen

disap

inside the city. Iftrnvel hae been easer in war-torn America

ted that she was their hest candidate for Prince

then the Tremere would never huve left the city in her hans

Marisa proved remarkably: competent as a leader. She
real thar if the wirended and she did nor have ston grip
cathe reinsof Washington, then he me 2: prince would end
Her fest action was to tke a fie alliance with the move
taumerons reklents ofthe city, the Novfera. Then she had
lscussing the Beyjah threat in Washirghon. Although none of
apital was owing concen fermany ofthe residents andehe
sit that this problem" would haunt orher Unig cities if

Marissa then had her ghouls raid the most important

al documents of
tical importance and magical items, Marissa set about
al power

Smithsonian Institution:

Marissa prowed to he more than uble as a policictan. Sh
Jhouliand Kindred, then playingthemofé
In the style of Queen Victoria. In fact, her polities were 50
1 Victoria that rumoes surfaced that

much like those of Qu

he had been a lover of Pe Jolin Dee ana

hnoceacy. Moat of her manipulations took place on the
however, and she mok a hisnds-off approach

This policy Feit (0

od, Ventre and Torcad sins

The clans see themselves t0 the

uilding their own cities rather than contestin
ontrol of Wathingten, D.C. Marisa's nite ha
pleated the Nosferatuand the Malkay
the number of asylums anu hospitals grow rapilly in theeity

The Brujah had u difficule time accepting the new Prince,

put a fow took eae solace in te fact thar dye eras a

worm, which they knew must grate on the male-dom!
i. The Gangrel, for their purt didn't eare

by Night


By the end of the Civil War, Marisa controlled a city
With » population of 1,000,000. The mortal population
quickly fell to ubout 130,000, but the Kindred population
Aidt decline from it wartime numben.

‘The Nosferanu and Malkawians weee loyal to Marisa,
and the Ventiue and Toreador in the South soon owed her
enough boons to neutralize any challenge ftom them.
Marism's only real threat came from her own clan: The
chantry in Washington, set up in the Octagon House, was
primarily loyal her, She had weested out those whe might
poe threats to her reign during the wor. However, Clan
‘Tremere decided that s woman could not run a chantry ot
Jexd one oftheir mest important cities in the New: World
They senca replacement, Alexander Hanson

Hanson never arrived in Washington. Although many
tuimoryaurtacedabon hisfare, most helieveD.C.'sNosferan
had swartis of rats devour him, feating that Hansen would
tot give them the privileges and lhertics they en
sander Marisa. In any event, Clan Tremere decided
Macisa's rule continue, for it soon became apitenit that
Sabbat-controlled New York would become the real seat of
fwer in the United States, as rabber barons gained rove
‘wealth following the war. The elaa preferred to spend their
ethos in several ntrempes to retake the Sabbar stronghold.

The tragic asmnination of Abraham Lincoln xt Fond's
‘Theater stunned the city andthe country. Mobsthreatened to
furn doun the theatre after Lincoln died. Jolin Wilkes Booth,
the asin, wns shoe again orders when Linion soldiers

topped him ina har. His supp fellow conspirator were
aartesed and four of the six were hung for their crimes.

The change fom strong leadership in the White House
tothe weak administrations of Andrew Johnson and Ulysses
Gina allowed Marisss to expand her influence. As the

lative Branch took on more authority, Prince Marissa

ted taking more control of national politics. She found

thar manipulating Congressmen drew less attention feo.
the Camarila than did trying to influence the President or
his advisors. This was partially because several Old World
vampites discounted the United States completely and half-
expected the Americans to move theie capital from
Washington to the center of the country,

Washington, D.C. flourished after the end of the war,
ince the lew cries tr mown the explral dled dis. High
society started to. cometo Washington, and with itexme the
Toreador and Ventre. Marissa accepted the new clans,
though she required several pledges of loyalty

Congress refused money to improwe the read oe till i
the Tiher Creek, 0 Marisa trandonned 4 youn politiian,
‘Alexandet Shepard, intoa ghoul to help fix the city. Shepard
cleaned up Woshingron, paved roach and planted trees. He
fale sewn, and ese wea abe to fll in the Tiber Crosk,
Several monuments were completed under his direction, al:
though the costs ofthese improvements bankrupted the city,
atdas-a result, Shepard was thrown out of town. Hiswork paid

coffin the long run, however, helping to deaw more people to
the copitaland win the investmentsof foreign pevernuionss

The main dificulties were the ongoiny: racial confers
Many liberated slaves went to the nition' capil, seeking
opportunities and the chance toenjoy the fritsof freedom,
Soon. fighting and rietiny broke out berween whites wed
iblacks; and wealthy white residents eonwinced Congress to
strip residenty'of the District of the right to vite, They
preferred no vote to 1 black rine

Workers completed tive Washingcon M
tn the marsh where East Potomac Park is oe
the Library ofCongress, Land v
mark: purchases of snl hounesin the capital. The power of
vampire clans shifted aswell. The Nosferatu and Malki
support thot Marissa had used to gain the domain of W.
ington, D.C was not going to work any longer. Tore
and Ventrue hikl power once more, und disafiected Bruja
ete raising the banners of anacchy

Showing off her political skills, Manisa offered the

och Toreador a boon in rerum for the suppose of their
clan members in Washington, EXC. Marios restored the
L'Enfane plan to its rightful place asa guide fo the develop»
ment of the city. The Toreador axtces, and with their
support, it was not difficult hor Marissa to forge an alliance
tduat would ensure her position against Brujoh (who wanted
to overthrow her for the racial problems and her defer
Arthur Carroll) and Venue enemies (whe saw Wash
ton, D.C. as their property, dating back to is frst says) ny
the meantime, the actual influence of Washinton waned,
as business leaders bouyl more and more politicians

The 20th Century

By the early 20d Century, Washington, D.C. had
become one of the most beautiful cities inthe word, a
capital blossoming)ust asthe uation expanded its influence
Despite attempts on her life, arch revo
Sabbar attacks, Marise's grip on Washington, D.C. grew
tighter. A few called her the Queen of the United S
others called her much wone things Marissa had many
enemies, both at home and across the globe, but sus learned
tomanipulate Washington's growing importance int
tgp and peemation anon ty und abun dhe world
‘When President McK; ile ly
bullet, Theodore Roosevelt kecarme Presiden
States. A few Kindred historians see Marisn's hand in the
assassination, as both she and Washington benctited frum
the tise of Theodore Roosevelt. Teddy Roosevelt took om
J.P. Morgan and several of the most powerful husineseny
singe his thority to break up their trusts By
#0, Rewsevelt took power away from

nanarchist's
the United

tes vicroriesin the Spunish: American
Warand World Warl, Washington became p yb


how euch ttluen
(Comight bat


fuldess and her fre. Their celationship sas turbulent: they
and opponents the next
Bavjah uprisings i Washington, DIC. marked the
196s Marissa'spolitical acumen seemed to vanishafter she
ny from other Kindred,
auecking on pet projects or passing night after night at the
Aakington Naticcual Cemetery. The city progressively grew
mote cic of contro
1 1968, following the deuth of Martin Luther King, Je
Jefersturese upin otalongssde the African:
numity: The Brujah sued to shatter the
‘of the Nosteratu piri
fred in the coring for their own moral reasons: Most of
amiowa DC. ond the African-American community'
nightspots went up in flames duriny the riots. Taking advan
tagect this night of terror and contsion, the Sabbat attacked
several Kindred haven. That same night, Marcus Vitel be-
‘niyed Maries to agentsof the Camarilla, Archonsdestroyed
Jas. impressing upon Marcus Vitel the danger fu similar face
Aihe ever groped fr too muuch influence in the city.
‘Thenexteveninp, Marcus Viteldeclared himself Prince of
‘Washington, D.C. Marisa was gone. Vitel's ghoul were every:
‘where. The Tremere were curry, ond one member ef the
‘Tremere, Vaclim Ivanov, nly challenged Marcus Vitel ta
duet Vitel accepted, Using Thauamatuyy ie sent the Tremere
Screamin int Final Death. He wsimed all other challengers

thir death would be the fate of those who opposed him,
Vite! immedianely calle

ind Hunt again the "Stay
sa, who he said were Giosannl, Since there were
po Gkrvanni neat Washington, D,C.. Prince Vie! flr sate that
noone would step up and dispute his clan. Ife fad bhamel
the Sabet, word would have traveled to Baltimore and

beyond, and the truth might ha 1d to Washington,

The Glory that
was Washington

Marcus Vitel wasted no time i establishing himaelf ss
the power in Washington, D.C. Those whe sipported che
te Prince were rewarded with blood, ghouls nd hunting

grounds. Vitel called a meeting of 3 primogen council 19
Idris him on issues. A new Fremere Pontifex entered the

{ity, Peter Dorfman, who immediately assumed aposition of
friendly (for vampire polities) oppesitian to the Prince.

Virel's reign has been hues, but most say tt has als
een fair. He spent mont of his time sisppresting anarch
Indluence, and by the time of the Bicentennial celelwaions,
few anarchshad the courage toentet D.C. Vitel alsapeoved

his power against world players who tried to challenge h
inluence over Washingwwn. The new Prince declared sev
ral areas of the city wo be part of wn expanded Elysium, He

nv of Mi

also protected members of the Senate, Cabinet and officials
in the House of Representatives from direct "tampering
Washington expanded and the Canurilla was pleased
with Vitel's reign. The Ince Circle of the Tremere were
pind that Marissa would no longer be a challenge to theit
power. They asigned one of ts members, Mectlis
ep a careful eye on Peter Dorfman, so thar he wouldn't
seize too much authoricy. Vitel ep
‘out,and although acaem of wolves established itselfinn
the city, Marcus kept » tight leash on their activities
Many elders began spending time in Washington,
UG. widely eared sie secre bastion aint the Sabbat
Vitel's reputation for running a city grew, but unlike many
Kindred henoverspent much timeasociating with his lan
leaders in Europe oc ypreading his influence over interna.
tional circles, Instead, the Prince of Washington, D.C. kept
his activities centered around the city tteell,

The Times of
Darkness

About ihe Uinve Reagan snoved tao the White Hse,
Washington, D.C. began to change. Crime rates rose and
diugs became more populr, Southeast D.C. didn't just
collapse — ic went into fice fall Sabbar problems besan to
lagu die Privice- Slowly, chi

armor. Some Kindred even claimed to have seen the ghost
‘of Marisa, ot caught a glimpse of Vitel staring at a locker
remarkably similar to one Marissa had worn.

‘Vicel doctored Southeast free hung groin nde
fostered the tides of crime instead of restiting them. This
‘way, when a victim vanished, he was just another statistic
rather than a violation of the Masquerade. The Prince let
afew anarchs enter the city, Rumoesof S
the drug markets surfaced,

Sabbat attacks wiped out many of dhe Toreador elders
inside Washingson, D.C. (Marissa's old allies), A number of
the victims of the onslaught were enemies of the Prince,
although moeethan a few of hisalliesb fell MantyCamarilla
smeinbers quietly fear thatthe Prince may hive some connec
tion to the Sabbat, oc thathe had arranged a deal wih ther.

Now, with the fll of Chicago's Prince Lodi, Prince
Vie stands cine of the few strony Ca
{in the United States. Camarilla leaders w
ethics, and the debate rages over whether he should be
supported a bastion again the tide of Sabha attacks or
purged for his suspected commuption.

ste influence tn



Chapter Three:.
Geography ~

The District of
Columbia



Washington,D.C.

1.The Mal 12.Georgatown 23,Gulhidet University
2.Lincoln Memorial 13.Goorgotown University 24.Catholle University
S.Washington Monument 1.Dumbarton Oaks 2S.AFK Stadium
4.Jotlorson Mamoria! 15.Dupont Circle ‘26 National Arborotum
5,East Potomac Park 16 Washington National Cathedral 27 Konilworth Aquatic Gardena
B.Rock Greek Park 47-American University 28 Fort MeNair
7.While House 18.Adams-Morgan 28 Washington Navy Yard
8.044 Downtown 13 National 209 50.Navel Air Base
8.Fedoral Triangle 20. Howard University 31.Bollings AFB.

10.0ctagon House 21.Caphtol Hit

41 Foggy Bottorn 22.Union Station


Elysium

clared several buildings in Washington, C
Elysium, Itz major violation of the Masgu

that location temporatily w the list of Elysiuey lox
tions in ifser to prevent further damage (@ the
Masquerade

The Old Executive Building

The Supreme Court Bali

vr the Performing Arts

wn National Cemetery

hingtor Monument
Washington

iuil Archives, the Library of Cémngres, the Supreme

Building, and, of course, uhe White House, sit within
a few block

The Smithsonian

The Smithsonian Inétitutian holds more than 135
million objects, only about one percent of which are on
lisplay atany time. Th heobjectsare ke
throughout the eity and suburbs. The
Kindred, especially the Tremere, draw on the resources of
the Smithson

tered Iocati bh

zr when they seek mystical remsor elements
to perform rituals, Several «

ve located different
storage areas and have ghouls with access to thet

The Smithsonian Insticucion surru
Mall and the Smithsonian Insti
Castle, stands near i

on Building,

rez. This red sandstone, Norman

style nally buile in 1855 to hold all of the

Smithsonian's onetations. James So eely wae
brought co America in 1904 and lies xt to the
Mall encrance of the C

The Ineritut he mest widely-visited places
on Earth, Whar follows is 3 list of th
attractions. Kindred needing any sort of odil ar
willing 10 risk one of

the wotld 1

popul

mont adv

id security

donly look here

dlustrise Museum, the sceond build
fing the Sw museum

collections of A

structed,
na. The mest interesting elem


agen in the World of Darkness is w homeless display req
visited ateaction on the lant. Mises, space

that are no longer displayed, may wind up hanging in the

¢ The National Muscum of Natural History aa favorite

éfmany Kindred, espoctally those in need of rare element

for rims. At the entrance stands a stuffed 13-foot-tall

African Elephant, To the right, the Dinonaur Hall has

deveral sets of fossils wired together. On the second level,

the geri and mineral display among the richest in the
are the Logan Sapphire (423 carats),

#) and the legendary

Among the guards are ghouls who have

coders fo proect these gems fiom ull potential

National Museum of American Histurycomtainy
ican cultural memorabilia, including a

n Toreador enjoy visiting the

permanent display lesex worn hy America's First
Ladies and comav American style —ot lick thereol
© The Freer Gallery of Arr contains many Oriental
pieces. The Smichsonian can neither loan out objects from

the Freer Gallery, nor display any other are alongside the

Freer caillection. The Smithsonian Meter stand in fran of

varch on the sation
ground museums the Sackler Gallery and the National
Maseum of Aftican Art. The Sackler contains othet Orien

and mete inw the

Chapter Three


fetatu enjoy and protect

fn impressive
ure arses il

The Monuments

The Lincoin Memorial
Prince Vitel enjoy

From the nn Metncial, a

an look out i

Mall
the Metro ar

and the Gettysbuty A.

The Washington Monument

Prince Vitel also spend
Jatecs" atop th

tall — the tallest
dons are visible wher

nt had stopped and then te
American figs


The Sept of the Awakening

‘On the southern tip of East Potomac Park lies a
aculptore called the Awakening. This figure represents
spiritual force rising from the earth, revered by the
erewolveswhaproteetthe atea, The Lupines of Wash-
Ington, D.C are primarily membersofthe Bone Gnawer
tbe. The sepr of wolves makes dlectsions tlarough
sdebuteand voting. Because of theirprecarioussituation.
inside the Wyrm-Infested ciry of Woshingeon, they will
accept anyy Garou who wishes obey their laws, regu:
fess of amy former crimes she may have committed
against other septs or tribes. These "Bone-Gnawers"
maincain contacts with the Nosferatu and Gangrel
clans, The Lupines currently have a precarious truce
with the Kinalced of the city

East Potomac Park and the
Jefferson Memori:

Lupine attacks sometimes shatter the Elysium, The
Frince knows, a sept of wolves has established ituelf in
Ente Porwornac und they have control aver the Jeffersan
Memorial and the entire tidal basin. Vitel us mae a few
attempts to destroy the Garoubur the werewolves have.
‘pyorently enacted 4 rite of protection which wards off
mapa! (and magickal) attacks. The Garou claim thut they

ive paivected iy che sprit of the caer, which grows mone

powerful with every year (see Caerns: Places of Power for
tone detail)

The Jeffersin Memorial (sa round panthean-style
building next othe Potomac Tidal Basin. Inside stands a
bronze statue ofthe former president, his quotes peinted on
the sarrounding walls, Around the monusment, are Wash
inuton, D.C farvous eherty blossoms

Northwest D.C.

This the largest and richest section of Washington,
D.C, a6 well ns the nrea of the city with the lowest erime
ante It is alsa the most expensive place to live. A two:
tedroorn apartment mayun $1400 dollarsa month or more
intent, Sirens are a constant part of the background noise
Df'Serthwest; as police quickly respondto metdentsin chese
reihborhoods. Most of the white residents of the District
tye in Northwest D.C., and 16th Street along with Rock
Creck Parke mark a strange colar boundary herween the
Hack and white populations

Federal Triangle and Old
Downtown

"The area along Pennsylvania Avenue was lang consid
cred a national disaster, with pawn shops and difapi dared

‘White House. When the 1968 riots wrecked downtown

D.C, between the diamond formed by New York, Pennayl

vania, Louisiana, and Massachusetts Aventics, many

businesses shur down und roves! away: In recent year

however, rebuilding has begun. Developers have rediscuw

ered this section of the city. Additionally, che Federa
gle mn this section houses a lange number o

ment offices. Neonates whi sperad tox musch tim

Federal Triangle tend to earn the do

elders.

Pension Building

Located on F'Street between 4th anal Stl St

red rick building has hosced Inaugural balls for move than
century. The interior Corinthian columns (which ate
Painted to resemble siena marble) support a roof 75 feet
above the floor, The toon inside is vast, All of the elty's
celts enjoy using the Pension Building vorhrow parties and!
balls for visitors, The Fension Building alo holds the
National Building Museum.

National Archives

The National Archives builditygstands hetwicen Penn
sylvania Avenue and Constitution Avenue and 7uhand 9h
Streets. During the day, the Archives display the Deelara-
tion of Independence, the Constitution and the Bill
Hights, bur these are' locked away: in a vault het
Kindred rie. Many government records are tured a

the National Archives, and several Kindred have tes tothe
building's staff, However, moyt of the Notional Archives!
records ae in storage in Suithsnd, Maryland, one ot the
suburbs,

Old Post Office

Ongofithe great secrets of Washington, D.C. isthe Old
Post Office located on) 12eh Street anal Pennsylvania Av
erie, Relatively few tourists visit the buildiny oF know
about the extractdinaty view from its clock wwet. In 1899,
‘whi it was built, ie was the largest government building
the city, and the firs to have a power plint and a elnck
tower. The view of Washington, vm the Old Post
Office'sclock rower isalmost as impressive as the view feoxn
the Washington Monument. The spacisut courtyard inte
Horof the Old Post Office was renewvated in the 19826 and
‘transformed into the Old Post Office Pa
by shops and restaurants. The Old Post Off
that serves as a gather place when the need arses to
semble all Kindred for proclamations by the Prince

on snore
ssanother site


The White House and
Surrounding areas


house using the American Institute of Architects, which is
officially resparsbe for its af

enenththe house lento

Heading to the White Hoe

‘House's early history are sealed. Most Tremere rituals are
‘conducted in the basement and the tunnels beneath the
‘nature The Tremere have a labyrinth beneath the house,
ighicl can only be navigated with the adofacandle—one
follows che direction in which the candleflame points.

The Hotel Washington

Marcas Vitel receives most of his wintors here, provid
sngthem 2 spectacular view of the monuments at night, as
well amd a powerful reminder of how much Marcas Vitel
fants. These audiences ate always staged with other
tiers preseat, impressing, upon isttors oF neonates the
Impertance of making a good impression with the Prince
The suite Prince Vitel shins his guess is elegantly
Aesorit, with jase hint of the elassical Reman style he
favors, The far wall consists mainly of the large winders
that afford the view ofthe city. In the center of anodlcr wall
ica feplace whicls (6 always blasing in the cool fall and
‘enter months. A bedroom beside the main multe has no
Windows and provides am audequate hawen for the day.

Foggy Bottom

North of the White House ares, beyond Lafayette Park
and smith of Georgetown, Is: Foigey Boerom, This area

tontuins seme prime hunting grounds, including George
Wishingron University. Many soeiedies and agencies have
headquarters in Foggy Bottom, inchuling the National

‘Acxdeny of Sciences. A metro station ¥erves this ares,

The Watergate

Sirated on the edge of the Potomae River, the
Watergate: is an impressive complex oF offices and apart-
ents, well known for the break-ins which resulted én
feindal and the removal of President Nixon from ulffice,
Visiting vampires have traditionally made the Watergate a
tase of operations fr uctivicies in the city

The Kennedy Ceater

‘The John F. Kennedy Centet for the Performing Arts is
‘cheof Washington D.C.'scultural jewelsand partof Elysium.
‘The outside of the center, covered in white marble, has a
cakrbox look w it. The Grind Fuyer inside is 630 feet long,
its ceiling graced with 18 chandeliers. There are five the-
ote within the center, which are used for dance, plays,
foncerts, opens, ete-The American Film Institute also has

inside. The flags of the Hall of States and Hall of

inside have flags hanging from the walls, andon the

tool teace level, Congress maineainsa Library of Perform-
ingAms

Georgetown

In the District's early years, while the nation's capital
languished, Geonge Town was 9 bustling por for tobacco
merchants. A few yearsafter being annexed by Washington,

collapsed for a number of years atterwant but was
fully revived and restored in the 1950s

Now the wealthy neighborhood is home to club own:
cs lawyers, politicians bureaucrats galote. The historic
Preservation movements in Georgetown thanaged to pre-
‘Vent a metro station ftom going up in th despite che
fact that after dark, the restaurants, night clubs and shops
attract people from throughout the D.C. rmetny atea. M.
‘Street and Wisconsin Avenue can offer almost everything
‘except a parking space. Included amony these clubs ts the
Black Magic Club, which is continually filled with Blood
Dollsand other Goths.

During Halloween Georgetown takes on a Mandi-Gras,
styl atmosphere. The city government has tried tu stop
these celebrations, but in the World of Darkness, cheir
attempts have only made matters worse. On these wild
‘occasion, people in costume fill the streets and fer them
selves go completely, Both elders and anacchs join in the
festivities.

Georgetown University
Another ntea of the city forbidden tw Kindred is

Georgetown University. Tisschoo}, the oblest Jesuit sho
in America, is one of the centers for the Inquisition, T
"university vas built in the Gothic style, with several
ana gantoyles decorating the campus. Several carelessunved
residents of Washington, D.C. have met their onde at the
hands ofthe hunters from Georgetnwn,

The C&O Canal

This canal, originally meant to keen George Town's
port open and tum Washington, D.C. into an indus
‘int, isnow tourist traction. [n the surnmers, ues pull
barges along the canal. There are many tunnels leadi
the canal from across the city, and many unwelcome quests,
including werewolves, enter the city by following the ean,

from Cumberland, Maryland.
K Street

Ax the end of Georgetown, Wisconsin, Avenue inter
sects K Street, which mins beneath the Whitehurst Freeway
‘The bridge over K Street lends itan eerie feel. Atnight, the
street beneath the Whitehurst gets very dark, and a fu
become i favorite site for resalviny disputes between vat:
pines


year Dumbarton Oik

Dupont Circle

The Washington
National Cathedral

Embassy Row
Ss wt DD it I h hy alot


fo along Embasy Row are many of Washington's most
exclusive social clubs, such as the Cosmos Club, The city's
male elders have memberships in several of the club

Upper Northwest

The cest of Northwestern D.C. is primarily residential,
‘with the excention of the shops lining Wisconsin Avenue.
‘The American University, chartered by Con ind hest
trown for its international and politcal scence d
rent Hes next to Wand Circle, where Nebraska Avene
meets Massachusetts Avenue.

Mach of this area was used as mnilitary barracks and for
vwaguin testing the World Wars. Several unexploded
thells have been found in gardens and beneath streets in the
Brea. A fewest the Newforara hal
ind hidden bunkers lic berween the houses of Northwest

Adams-Morgan

Adami Morgan, located south of Clevelind Park in
theheat of the citys Is Washington's melting por of ethnic
rigs Its excellent resturants, Bohemian atmosphere and
Yd nightlife draw almost asmany visitors as Georgetown
Mont ofthe apartments near Adams-Mongan were built in
the 19¢h century and have an oxnate feel them. Several
ofthe city's Kindred frequent Adame-Morgan.

vendiscovered armceiet

Rock Creek Park

‘Cutting throxigh the northern half ofthe District iy the
160-acre Rock Creek Park, home to the National Zio, one
ofthe langest 200e in America. Nusnerous aretches of trees,
froken only by sueams, the oceasional bike trail, snd
caiouspicnic area, il the park, and groupsof wild deer live
lv the woods, The Gangrel like to hold meetings here
Several Kindo inthe city bulleye the neous have acneen
im Rock Creek Pask. (cs also said that u coven of witches
work magick samewhere within the pur mn hold

following in the District and the suburbs, especlally among
theyoung. The reascns for this yay, butinany peoplenre fed
up with rhe polities anid saelery of Washington, DiC. and

Howard University

‘One of the country's largest traditionally black univer-
sities, thewreaaroon Howant has itsown night life targeted
ar the student body, In contrast to this wild scene, Howard
University also has a memorial chapel which radiates true
faith.

Capitol Hill

el vo only at "The Hil!" by residents, this
the city consist of sections of ul figur putts of te District
The Capitel is the centerpiece, Ipcated white all of

boundaries intersect. Numervus giviernmental and political
neighboring Vierorun-styleluomes Des ons thi
Ihe would forbid Kindred activity m the Prince
has only proscribed the Supreme Court Building and the

The Capitol

TheCopitol was te

edina Rosman style reniniivent
(of the Pantheon, and its enormous 285-foot-high dune
dom stands atop the dete. Bocuse thee Capitol bailing
always active with reporters ana congressmen, Strytelle
should take special carenot toallow playersconteriene wi
the workings Something, he
Technomancers, eller vampites.cr FRI Special Affair, ll
stopa groupof Kindred from killin #Congronnen
‘ot wrecking the Capitol dome x: Storyteller
wats his players to have thar much of
world,

The grounds outside the Capital were landscaped by
the Garou kinfolk Frederick Law Olmscead, The 63 actes of
‘Capitol park add to the beouty of the leaislaive buslding

Union Station

In the early 1900s, Congress decid! to be
city. In onfer ro remove the large number of tein tricks
crossingrhe Mall, itdeerced tharall rains wold uses ince
depot, Union Station, north of the Capitol: Basle with
white marble; columns, and satuary, Union Station wos a
ing its eatly ye

of government

great success di reaching 4 peak of
huanidling 200,000 or more passengers a day churieyg World
‘War ll. During the 60s, the tin hurd times
Now a restorution project has terurned the st
former grandeur, adding als a number of shops, » food
court, and even a movie theater. Union Seaticn abo bs a
cue sulin and the INosfermy in Washington use ths

ameeting place, Some clans suspect that the Nosferatu abso
have ghouls in Amtrak, and jake udvantage ofits national
Iheadquattens in'

The Library of Congress

Throe main buildin house the Likesry of C
cfieswn Building at trilependenee Avenue and 1s
Street, SE; the Adams Bailing at Zn Street, Sk
James Maison Burlding heeween Indep

ation fel

fashington tocontrol many North Amer

ant the
adence Av

Chapter Three: Geography


The Capeo! building originally contained the
braty, but as Congress and the nation yrew during the
‘expansion of te late 1800s, st expanded to the Jeflerson
Building
sin Reading Room, often shown in
fulocated in the Jefferson Building.
In 1939, the Library' collection of resources and teferenice
‘materials had increased enough to ada the Adam Building,
and the Library opened the Jamex Madion Building in
198. The Libriry of Congtess contains more than 30
million books and at lease 60 million other items. Although
‘only Cangressmen may check our books, many Kindred
have secesstathe stuck thisaccess, however, means
‘neing a ninor boon to the Tremere

pictures ofthe Libra

Ever since Prince Maris' reign. Clan Tremere has

uched over the Library, and control of the Library is one
‘of the few issues thar the Tremere will not concede under
umber of magesalso have tiesto the
Congtes, although the Tremere so t0 great
hs a avid ther,

The Supreme Court

‘The Supreme Court did not havea bullding ofits own,
wnt 1995, The Court is nsession fram the first Monday in
‘Ocroker until it has heard al ofits caves: usually sometime
in June. Another white marble temple (9 few anarchs say

cus Vitel omly came to EXC. because he was homesick
for anctent Rome), the Supreme Court building is als off
\ srumnpirey in the city, but sessions of the Court carely
last intoche night anyway. George Lawrence of the Nosferatu:
sometimes aveaks few fiends inside the butkling ar night
and they go upstairs to the basketball court, George likes to
bhaast thar he shoes hooprat the highest coure in the land.
Aslongas the moerals remain undisturbed, the Prince will
lgnote the trespassing — unless he wants somethng from
Goonge Lawrence.

any circumstance.

Northeast D.C. isthesocond largest parco the District
Iccontains some ofthe best and worst that Washiryton can
offer. Galludet University, one
the country, lea well-nown school for the deaf. Catholic
Univenity, unlike Georgetown, remainsfaitty free of witch
bbunters (at least to the best knowledge of the Kindted
community) and includes the National Shrine of the I

imacolite Conception, one of the largest Roman Cathotic
chureles iq the world. Wha no vamnpite kesows is that the
bread of the Society of Leupold it the United States lives
near Catholic University in the Brookland neighborhood.

RFK Stadium

For mutay esidents of Washingrem, [XC., che events
Rubert F, Kennedy 5

he finest universities in

D.C, by Night

dium are far more important thin anything going on se the
White Hone. Washingron Redakins fans are rabid, and
some eportetsclaim that eovering the foe eam in D.C
is more important to che local newspapers than covenng
such institutions as the Supreme Court, The triumphsand
struggles of the fhothull teum affeet the mood of morals
across the city

‘Thestadiumalso olds concerts and wherva crowed gets
‘excited the entire building will shake, Located next to REK
is the D.C. Ansmory, which is used for indoor events lke
bowing, wrestling, conventions, and circuses

National Arboretum

The Department of Agriculture uses this sng 415:
were-area for the sty of trees. Thiny-two different typeset
soil cover the Arboretum, supporting a variety of trees nat
pically native nthe Wa
closed at night, but this
gettinginside. The foot tailsare mazele, howey
unusual shape of the Arboretum makes it quite possible to
get loscat nighttime. The Arboretum borders on Anacortia
River and follows

des golf courses and a

doesn't prevent

itmto Maryland, Anacostia park nc
marina,

Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens

North of the Arboretum, bordering Anacostia Park,
are the Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens — 14 ueres of punde
filled with subaguatic plants. This unique collection of
pools and plants is one of the most bisarte settings in
Washington, DO.

Southeast and
Southwest

Southeant D.C. has repunat
tity for being the mnt
air drug markets exist i

in perpetual poverty. Howe:
tuhan jungle — just mont ot

anuliwert DC. abe saafeat fue of Wah
tucked between the monuments on the Mall, the Potomac.
river, and Southeast D.C. Ir includes Fort McNair and «
waterfront with a marina. East Potomac Park is alvo located
in Southwest. Celie is nat as teuch of a peoblera in South
‘west, because it is patrolled by police protecting the Mall
and has the nearby military bases

Fort McNair

‘The troops at Fort McNair protect the President and
grand the city. The fort Jooks nicer than move army bases,
and (t contains two military colleges for training officers as

oo residentsof the
alent parte ten, Numctonsopen
act and many of the peuple

not all of Southease isan


Wall at pore of the finest military libraries inv the world.
Acro the Rorurnn C t McNair is East Potoinac
Tk, where Inanier Sept of the Awakening hes

Other Military
Installations

North and east ftom Fore MeNairalsingthe hanksofthe
Anacostia River sits the Washington Navy Yard, which
conrains the US. Naval Museum. A recent explosion atthe
Yard dew nf the facility, but thiswould not have
torereted the Kine s0 miuch were ict forthe fat that
Viee! itnmesiately forbade any Kindred to enter the site.
Aitionaly, 9 number of Archons xppeared in town just
iter the incident, and some Brujah claim the Archons and
Vitel's daughrers were seen examining the wreckage, Vitel
tins never explained his actions, though the Yard has re-
pened,

Onthe apposite hankol the Anacostia and down along,
thePoroma the Nay lao has an airbase, Beside the naval
gir base is Bollings Air Force Base, Orher military installa:
sons re posirioned along the rivers in ordee to protect the
tation' capita

Purgatory
Located on the borderof Southeast and Southwest and
lose tothe waterfront, Pureatory ts the Brsiah's very own,
«tll. Theelubservesasthe wnoficial

pitstop on thew
Biystum of the underclass of Kindred society, Loxad music
ard pavasive nitnke overwhelm new vivitors to Purgatory.

‘large portion of the nurrons on any given night ae either
Kindred or ghouls. The Purgatory regulirstend toaray near
the back of the club, occupying one or several rubles,
epenuting on the mood of the nig

The rear of the club consists of the haven of Bjorn
Gansots (dhe local Bewjah leader), 1 office und
small, private meetingtrooms. The hea
pervades the atmosphere viften stirs the passions of the
pate exquenee, fights have become
regular part of the night' activities

District
surrounded om all foser sides by reality
Arthur Hoppe
The Washington, 0.0. metro area extends far beyond
the District. Most people who work inside the nation's

apical have hommes ebewhere- Additionally, many political
an governmental functions averflow from the nation's

capital into the surrounding suburbs and satellite citie
Becuuse the Prince and the other elders focus so much on
trying to control che important sites inside Washington
nenmares have plenty of opportunities 1 power oF
carve their own mches in the surrounding aress.
Virginia

Many visitors to D.C. fail wo realise the number of
groups or sites associated with Washington tharare actually
located in Virginia, The Pentagon, Arlington Cemetery,
National Airport and Dulles Airport. and the U.S. Marine
Corps Memorial are all un Virgu Two View
border Washington, D.C» Alexandria and Arhingre
cexandria is the larger of the two, and in the firs few
the District's history, Larue sections of this city were conic
cored to be part of Washington, D.C. Virginia took this area
back, however, and Alexandra grew mr be im own cit
‘separate from the capital.

Alexandria

Alexandria, Virginia wa founded int 1749, Before the
American Revalution, Alexanxiria was busy tobaccey
trading primarily with shaps from the East and West indies
Plantation owners came for miles to shu in A\
and the city thrived, George Washington, and, years later.
Robert E. Lee, grew up here. Toxlay Alexandrin is the
headquarters for a number of companies, inciuding
Garner media conglomerate, the publishersiof USA T
and other newspapers. Kindted interested in
the media create Retniners in this company. Mam
tech firms have started in pitt

themselves close ro the nation's capital in onder to lobby for
goverment prants and contracts,

Old Town Alexandria

Much of the colonial chaem of Alexandria has beer
preserved, Homesund shopedutinu buck tw the 18th:
fine cobblestone streets in Old Town Alexandria, nd
clipper ships still dock at the waterfront' The atiioaphiere
festivals and art displayed in the OM Town, designed to
sense of nostal

Numerous bridges connect Arlington to Washington
D.C. and the city's heights command impress :
the capitl. Arlingeor was pure of DAC. intl 1845, when
Virginia reclaimed all of the Tana te had denated to the
District. Like meh of northers: Virginia, Atlin
sealdenttal-aeea.."The rich and penwerfil owes some very
Ieautifal homes here


Arlington National Cemetery

Here rests it horned glory an Ameria soldier known
bur w God

inscription om the Tomb of the Unknowns

Then are mone than 200,000 graves at Arlington Nie
ona Cemetery sina most Kindred avoid the ste for fer that
elcone among the Washington Kindred primarily for
H they mighe tamper with this or one of the other
cemeteries in thearea Fifteen funerals day gonat Adtington
National. and by the year 2020, the cemanery hou be full
The mnt ofter-via ‘sthatoflohn F. Kennedy,
wherethe eternal flame con inuestoburnsteadly.Juequeline
Kennedy ishuricd beside him, and two oftheir chilsren rest
-t Kennedy's grive, masked by a white cron

clone by Much to the annoyance of the anarchs,
Marcus Vitel enjoys spending tine near the eternal flame
at viewings the Kennedy graves. This tronic penchant of
nce's, cuupled with his audiences at the Lincoln

al, gives tise to caustic comments like "the dictator

enjoys seeing another protector of democracy in fis grave."
Sonth of the Kennedy graves stands the Tomb of the
dices from the U.S. Sn Infantry stand watch 24 hours. day,
regan of wenther. The Prince forbid any interactions
vith these pur aiming cat asia ex-sfdie hirself, he

tespetts the tomb: and what it aya

The lnnge building at the front of the cemetery tx the
Netherlands Carillon, From the Carillon, one ean look owe

across the Potomac and see the monuments, illuminated at
‘nigh by Alowallights.

The United States Marine Corps
ir Memorial

Uneinimt alt
— Adeniral Nimit

ibute to the men of lye Jima

This bronze staruereproduces the raisingofthe Amer

1 flag stop Mount Sutibacht on two ina. The sculpeure
war token from a photograph of che event taken by Joe
Runenthal. Each of the six soldiers is 32 feet high, and the

Discarded headstones

very year heastonesat Adlington National Cem
tery are teplaced rontutintain the beuneyaf the grounds,
Many of these discarded stemes have been
thevity mp

of across

foveven walls
nist NEE A Year, A
resident of the city diay stone somewhere
‘his operty. Whethert cd markershave
Storyteller: Many of them could be fetters for wraiths,
‘or contain tass fora Futhuiniates typi perhaps the
placement isall part of lage ritual

0. C. by Night

Alagpole is 60 feet long, The sculpeure is reputedly danger

ght, and the Prince and his minions like ti meet
with imporuine visitari here before moving 0.0 mate
secure location. Like most of the drei around Arlingron
(Cemetery, the Lincoln Memorial, che Washington Moniy
ment, and the Capitol done are easily visible frum hese,

The Pentagon

The woitli's seven fangest
eastof Atlington| I Cometery.Itdoes hve fives,
each one measuriny 691 feet, which has caused thie more
‘mystcally inclined ro wonder what lies trappes within. The
Interior courtyard alone contains five acres of land. During
the day more than 23,000 people work inside thir massive
structure. Seventeen snd a half milesofcorridoes stretch on
‘ara on thrawghourt the building. The Prince keeps the

sntgson. a part af his personal domain, but even he would
not know ifudesen other Kindred had havens inside

Stephen Norton's Mansion

‘This mansion helongs to Dr. Stephen Norton, one of
Washington's Malkavians. I sts acop a bluff overlooking
the Potooc River, The interior of the mansion \s bath
‘opulent and extravagant, and fills omewhere between the
extremes of tasteful and gaudy. De. Norton purchased the
house with monies that came fm fencing stolen jewels
The mansion also has the most elaborate security system,
shat De. Norton and his underworld contacts coukl devise
The location of the heme Is nor public knowledge

McLean

MeLesn isan of Washingnéin's wealthiest suburbs and
contains very litte that interests tourists, which 4 hin)
residents there prefer things, Several elders lave luoines in
MeLear, and the suburl is well yuatdes

Mount Vernon

‘About halfain hour uth of the city along the Potomac
sits Mount Vernon, the plantation hme of George Washing
ton. This mansion contains many of the First President'
frenonal items and és surraunded by Feautful lawns with
oyorood wna plum trees. The esi hone fst re mo and
"nusticited" look, achieved by pointing white over sand, thus
snaking the wood resemble stone, Whes ships us the plant
tionan the Poteac,theyslite.Thehomereminsundisterted
by Kinulred, although ihe Prince hus twice removed foolish
vampires who decided (a take up residence in the mansion,
pesingathrei to the Masquerae in therfailune to realize hen
secure Mount. Vernon's hidden high-tech secutity stern is

Vienna

A. lange Virtual Adepes Chantry makes ies home in
Vieni, another wealthy suburb, These mages have created

ling stands just sour


a notional online network, through many people have
scosssfully heen linked into computers. Vienna isalxclose
to George Mason University.one of Washington'scontinu:
‘aly growing institutions:

Fairfax
F

‘County includes many of the suburbs

jelear that the city of Foitiax sy
seradily. Although few Kindred presently have influence in
Fairfax, chis is sure 4) change.

Reston

This planned cornmumity sclone to Dulles Airport in
Virginia, During the 1960s, rourists would visit Reston in
der to see how a planned eity developed. Althoxigh
Reston cerminly has its own unique atmosphere, it shares
cumy of the characteristics of the other Vieginia suburbs:
This commuruty is Venteue storihol

Tyson's Corner

Anotherhoomingsuburbot Washingson, Tyson's Cor:
nersshometomanythinkrsnksand swernment contractors

Its roy major nails contain a wide vatiety of shops and
husinesses -

Maryland

Two Maryland counties, Moatgomery and Prince
Gronye's bonler on the District, Many of Maryland's sub

utbs contain large cities, which could have their own
princes if they weren't satellites of Washington aad th

claimed by Prince Virel. The Maryland border serves bor!

asastaging pround fer Sabbat incursions und arallying point
for unarch movements. Nonetheless, most elders of Wash
ington, D.C. maintain havens for thenmel wer in Maryland
48 «precaution against trouble in the District or a» a
remporary escape from ite constant tnerigues and politics.

Bethesda

A residential and of the city
Bethesda is known for best al Hospital and the
National Institute of Health, Wisconsin Averise, whi
mikes nsmight shor south into Georgetown, connects
Bethesla ro Washington. D.C Wisconsin alsy contin
north into Rockville, Maryland's second' mont popiilous
city where tt chanwes 1s name 10 Rockville Pike. The
Bethessla Insticute of Mental Health hides the wark of the
Molkavian Dr, Jeffrey Granger, whi manipulates the entire
facility. The red bine of che
Bethesta,

Cheverly

A suburly on the northeastern D.C. border, Cheverly
sins next to the Baltimore-Washingron furkway, Sabkot
picks have used Cheverly asa bate ro stage attacks against
DC's Kindred population. Quick access to the parkway
makes escape to Baltimore simple.

The Maryland Suburbs
‘of Washington, D.C.


Chevy Chase

A fev of the homes it this affluent suibuirh borer parks
which give access to sewer tunnels lewling into Washington,
DIC. Some ofthe younger Noderatn lke to travel into Chevy
Chive through these amnels, questing for excitement and
advernnae. Chevy Chase is not the place uo find either.

College Park

This community surrounds the University of Mary-
Iaed, home to the Maryland Terrapins and a source of
tremenslonn pride for many Maryland residents. The reputae
tion ofthe Univervity of Marylandasan academic insication
continues to rise; many Kindred make use of its resources
faced of information. The college campus makes an
excellent hunting ground,

Greenbelt

‘The home of NASA's Goxkdard Space Flight Center,

this Maryland subrl «Located om the B.C. metto system

The Technocracy cantrols Greenbelt, and most Kindred

the area, The suburb contains a Void Engineers!

ty. A loc of work tvalving the Hubble Space Tele

iteenhelt, as the Void Engineers do their
the universe,

whet

Hyattsville

Hyarrsvifle, Maryland has been free of Kindred influ
cence formest of tsexistence. Thissmall suburhancommanity
(s located about seven miles northeast of downtown Wasks-
ington, and currently, ity hurting yrounds are vuciane,

Laurel

Locate between Baltimore and Washington, Laurel boasts

well-known home-ricing track, A small cluster of anarchs
‘laimtocontrol Laurel, but none ofthe Kindredof Washington
believe this band will lve more than a few months:

New Carrolton

Now Carrolton is located near Landover, Maryland,
thesiteafthelS Ake Atma Formerly she0 piel Contre

hoststhe Washington Bullets basketball and the
‘Washington Capiz hockey games: "The Arena tsao ane
‘of D.C's main concert venues. New Carsolton's train sta-
tion which has become favorite esource for vampires who
‘want to sneak into the nation's capital, as Union Station,

ide Washington, is much tao closely guarded.

Rockville

Rockville, the second largest city in Maryland, has be-
‘come o dilemma for the elders of the [Mstrict. Connected to
‘Washingnnn, DC, by the red line Metto, Interstate 270, and

D.C. by Night

Rockville Pike. this young city's supematural population and
the problems which have arsen have raed 1 dette about
whether Rockville should have sts own prince. Vitel bat
‘completely opposed tthe ikea: however; he has no tse
thycandidarestocake the onion, Inthe meantime, Reekoille
remains under the Prince's domain, but is relatively unc
trolled. A rfinefor DC. undesirablesin Rockville tseveloping
here nd beginning to adope atorch philosopbics.

Silver Spring

"This subuth. leeatedl on Georgia Avenue north of the
District, has one of the largest populations of anaech in the
area. The Brijah anarch Velver spends much of her time i
Silve and the:atea has becoue the site of battle

ous groups of anurchs. Prince Vite pb
‘lean out Silver Spring shortly

Suitland

This suburb lies to the southeast of Washing

foreign leaders enter ani leave the eity. The m:
facilities for the National Archives are in Suitland,

Wheaton

Located on one end of dhe metto line, Wheaton is 4
solid pare of Prince Virel's Jomnain, A few miles noeth of
Silver Spring slong Georgia Avenue, the town is home toa
number of the D.C. elder vers, Until the
‘arch movernent in Sver Springstarted growing, Wheaton
‘wast favorite hunting ground for the Prince to dole out
young, loyal vampires.

Nearby cities

As the East Coase megalopolis continues to gm
disaances between cities shrink. Daring the last censis
‘Washington and Baltimore were grouped together as part of
the same metro area. Travel between these cities ts
than an hour by car, and in many ways, diese domains are
becoming moreclosely cied. Unfortunately forthe Camanila,
this aids the spread of Subkar and anarch influence. Once
the flames of revolution catch in one city. they sread
quickly to their neighbors
The war for Baltimore will have a drut effect on

Washington, D.C and her other neighbors. If either die
Camarilla triumphs or the anarchs manage to cake the elty,
then the Prince will lose many of hisasets, and the District

will be less of a threat in the eves of the Cumarilla elders. A,
Justicar on his way to help estat 9 strong domain in
Baltimore mizht even stop off vo scnstinize the situation i
the nation'scapical, Ifthe Subbu triumphs, then an actual
‘Sabbat threat to Vitel' power may atise, as uppesed to the
managed attacks that currently go on,


Annapolis
Annapolts is the capital of Marykend, although for tone

than 300 years Raltimote has sucpassed the city in both fare
and industry. This picturesque Maryland city is set near the

Cheapeake Bay, only an heur from D.C: by ear, Many pre-

Revolutionary Warhuildingstl stndin Aniaplis, ending
the city an armonphere of a quietee time. The mowt well
{nown feanure here isthe United States Naval Academy, The
Kindred popularionofAnnopolisemainsCamanil although
Sabbat packs direaten the city every few year.

Baltimore

‘The langest city near Washington, DAC, Baltimore's

urts overlap with the DLC. mete area, and it shares an
surport (Baltimore-Washiagton International) wich the
fstion's capital. The two cities als share football nd a
trsehall rear, to few of the residents' delight. For most ofits
hisxory, Baltimore was a much lager anal move important
Washington metro area continues «© expand and now
thremens to overshavlow Baltimore.

While Winshingicn considers itself the stronghold of
the Camilla us the war with the Sabb, Balti
front line. Both Sabbat bishops and Camarilla "princes?
claim to control Baltimore; thus there ate blowly hittles
‘every night in the city, Prince Vitel would like ro see the
Camarilly retreat from Baltimore: the more Cuinarilla
Sabbar interaction that eccum in the reglsin, the yreater the
danger to his own position

Among mortals, Baltimore isknown foritsscenic hiner
Harbor, At night, the fogcomes ff the Ray and shrouds the
sity io mst, enhancing the foreboding atmosphere of the
war sone. A train called the MARC travels regularly
hetween Baltimore and! Washington.

Fredericksburg

Fiity miles south of Wishington, D.C. on Interscate
Fredericksburg, Virginia. This smal city was very important
during the Revolutionary and Civil Wars and served as
‘Confederate hastion during the Civil War to procece Rich
‘mond. Several mayor bartiefelis ach asChancellorvle an

the Wildemess, are neat Fredericksburg. few vampires have
‘havens there, but most find it dull and tawdry.



Cha

pter Four:

The Damued??

Meat Puppets

the F

With ce Landin af Chicas

he tose powerfel pricce int

tecent demise of Pei

M 4 inunguestional

sted Seates. Ni
yao inl

th cannot batulle all
pital, Ede

arwork ith
isthe

lobe spin their w
nporaitons, toby,
powerful

hub

# American leaders, in light
oh

Most vampites knew mortals
Helens Tay

sntanships for pr

f the number of

al

rely on these re
happens
Sob, th

whether the
this ype of

indeed of Waa

keeping one

be

attributed 1

fanning the lames of anti

here the angels. fy

ro

Sabor paran

al before Prine
Even those D.C. K
Prince
ity, Hynters,

Vivelor
laimsabous th
odin

Additionally, the vam

nse political games than
other North Amenwcan ¢
te

T

as many ghouls os pe
plat

their infly
the Kindred of Wad

11 shone bathe
eeach of etiquvtte
between DA

don't keep cell

will spre

4 the

his listing
Wash

threat hay

ty: Neatly

and thos
J swittl
Jiste

Chapter Four

The Dan


te flux. Many of the city'
dor, inet their Final 0

amber the city's lead

acneonatesebewhere.Iramig

Secrets

Allofthe vampires in thi
is from A 10 F tke th

particular vampire knows ab
ves in Wa

w the truth

A haracter know
The character has dangerous
to Blackmail others

Rie A vampire with this

especially among u
ath in 1968 und the years
pat trikes. A
dismissed

flow in to seeve the inter:

ince quietly exiles undesirables

inclinied here ate some of the mon: important
vt tio Kiva whi Marcus Viret's dora,

bookehiw

out the

s allbutthe greatest

knowledge whieh she could

or which may give

knows the locations of mi

sall of the main secrets of the

ity. He can sce through many mntrigues and keep an

level ef See
roups and have influence in

which agencies. A character with this level
kw
enough to te

Knowle
but he also knows
hen

s enough to play games in socler
that ie has just hit

B A Kindred with this level of Se a bit of
knowledge that could surprise many vampires, but most of
them concem her clan or astociates, She manages to keey
abreast of nl why

B. Thischm
buthe has difficulties keeping tnick of midde
maynor know some atthe Kindeed whisk
vf the "public" eye

rer knows a great deal about alliances,
shifts, He alia

C+ This chometer has jusc enough Knowledge to

keep from falling into dangerdus peestatian traps: He's nat

good enough to play the games

power except ast

©. This chanicter

al conversation, sind she em
all of the major elders of the city

th th
players bur hedoesn''t und
oc have the ability 1

jeanest from

CA vurapire with this level of Know
the namesot the pow
the
Most lessimportant

D The
level of secrets. She knows tho the Prince of Washington

F The char

faces with the names

fred are unkriown tothe character

prose to identify other elden

may have been introduced to the
rile eve bout the eity

DC

by Night


BRUJAY

The Brujah have the potential to wield tremendous could claiina seat on the D.C. primojgen should he wo dei
influence over events in Washington, D.C., yet they refuse bur he fears the conflict that would being,

tmorgantze asa clan tocaert their power, Incertain sectie Bjorn now loseshinmelfinhedonisticexcesat his cu
sith city especially Northeast, the Brujab have hunting — Purgatory, ss. Adari-Mongan, Though he este offers hi
grands where almost anything yoes: The Frince acteally friendship, wien he does choose a friend, his loyalty know
mores violence and havoe in these areas in order few hounds. Bjorn leads the Brajah in the eity by defoule
imaincain feeding grounds where the possibility of violats nlthouigh many of the yourier atl snore anwrchistic of th
the Maxquerade is very sisi. A few younger Brujah fre ave gran tired of waiting forthe Viking

recognizes the sheer power and ev
ined with the vibrancy of young residents to create an

burning inside Marcus Vitel. The Prince scares tien
fxciting environment. thas beyun todoubethat Vitel ea Ventrue orevenak

Bjorn Garinson Still, he knows that one day, Ragnarok will come

he hack room of Purgatory bas Vitus name on i

Bjorn remember hislighfromNorway, with Vertue res Darke Rawen
and Toreador ghouls hard on his heels. He remembers x

nt Judge
boties which destroyed the Brujah Vikings and their ange

lise and turned Scandinavia over to the Blue Bloods, _Demeanor: Bon Vivant

cot ofall he remembers the desperate hunger that assailed Gesveration: Grh
himasheandhiscrewofhand-pickedwarriorssailed forthe Embraces A.D, 621
ngoflegend, intentonly on survival. Hewasthesole Apparent Ages 52
« hiv shield mates dled to slate his desperate Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity §, Stamin
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appesrans

His Viking longshipreached land justin timeforBjoms Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3. Wi
toplange into the forest and dighimself n grave. There he —Talentst Alertness 4, Athletics §, Briel 6, Doxge 2, Ems
Lay ia torpor, waiting for any signs of civilization, thi 1, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise
Je woke centuries later, his fist contact with the
sucicde world the ypade of settler slamming into bis rib
Bjom tore through the started homestender and his family
tefoce he hud nie co determine who they were. He war
iced for nearly a week before be found more people

The population he discovered were not Vikings but
English, French and Dutch colonists: He could not speak
their language, of the colonists treated the giant
satior as a minster of the wood. Over the years, be kept
inovingdcros the country, sometimesstopnine none place

jecaces ata time. Slowly, he leamed English. Time

and bitter loneliness haschanged jor, and often times, he
tas trouble caring about anything,

Biom'sonly remaining hope s that sameday the Bru
will lly co throw off the Camarill's yoke. He remembers
how the clan's i ¢ contributed to thelr defeat in

Scandinavia tong ago, and will nor willingly come into
ict with the of until hizown can unite, Hehe
come to D.C. hoping w create a Beujah force in the very
henreof the Camanitla empire. His Lack of success, howe
naw leads him to despair of ever gaining his revenge, He

Chapter Four: The Damned


Skills: Animal Ke
Fiteurmns 2, Mel

Boa Handling 4, Drive 3, Etiquette 2,
Stealth 1, Survival 4

Knowledges: Linpuisticy 3, Medicine 1, Qccult 2, Politics
Discipliness Animatim 2, Auspes 4, Celerity 4, Fortitude 3,
Obluscate 1, Potenice 5, Presence 3, Protean 2

Willpower: §
Imager Bjcen tsa giant of» san, abou 6

Teather jackets and generally dresses like
aftencovering varias parts his bey with tartoxs
leplaying Hints: It would be easy tu play Born as
reotypical Viking — loud, boisterous and piven to raate
bur chereis more han this. Hohassuffered the
thi Kinulted, snd ts anwaling to endure 1 again
Panty toavond dealing with reality; bur don't take ceop fray
anyone except the Prince. Never underestimate an appr
sent and sry the blorsy hell away from paliricalsin
Havens Purgatory:
Secte
Influences While he ostensibly leads the cley's Bruja, i
reality Bjom has influence only over Pusyatoty and the
Purgatory Crew. Amongmartals he hasthe most power over
having Blood! Bound

precinct cot

Philip Freeman
Plus grew up on the servers ot Southeast DC. His

cearlient memory is of the rioting char owed the death of
Martin Lather King, Jt. After this, » young Philip watched
his neighborhood slowly begin to decay, his older brother
«andes drive-by and his family plinge deeper
per into the well of poverty. The frustration and
helpleseness of his carly years was almost tne much, Philip
was smart cough fo get into college, hur he just didn't have
the scholahip money, and he was needed! to help ont at
home when his father was injuted at the construction site
where he worked.
Finally, Philip s
selling drags. ftw

the only way for him
work. He wasn't going to push anything had, just some grass
or pills. Philipdidn't want tokill anvone: he just needed wo

some money, and then he'd quit selling te stuff and

§ he the end of it; When crack got into the city, he
didn't want to believe that be had partly been responsible
focspteading thedeadly,addictivesubstance. Allthose poe
peuple so deyperate for another rock disgusted him. He tried
to ell himself they would have messed themselves upsome
vebier way if he hadn't been anand

D.C. by Night

‘Then his little sister gor into » bunch of his pills. Ju
some trangs and uppers. She dies. Just like thar.

Something inside Philip snapped. He gor his gun,

up and went ater his wppher. In a furious frenzy
he shot up the place, but he damn guy juse wouldn't ce Ae
Philip sprayed him with his AK. he retumed a continucy
barrage of fire. nor stopping until he huxl shor Philip nbour
aa dozen times with his 357.

Seenehiow, Philip staggered back out into the sees;
blood pouring fe rnultiple wounal all ower his body. A
Figure grabbed him from the shadows. "Boy." whispenal &
sultry voice, "you've got balls of steel, torporinysa Setite like
that." She kised him, und be died.

Now Philip's a Brujah, He moves irom place ro pace,
taking apartments in the houstr projeets wher he can ft
them or else convincing people with him fea day
orto. He knowsehac kind of shitsgoingon inNortheui
undhedoes whateverhe can tovombut it. Recently, he wole
« flamethrower fiom one of the muny hidhden armas
airotind DiC. and embarked upon a crusade to destwy

sandoned drug houses. It's only a matter of rime before
Phulip torches the wrong hous,

He often carries an AK-47, an few are stupid enim
to mess with him, His humanity keeps falling as the boxy
‘count rises, but Philip's willing to sacrifice his soul ro s2op
this stuff. He doesn't care if the kid ts just holding a bey of
A someunes trying it for the frst tle. [t's wwe,

Sire:
‘Natures Fanatic

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: Lith

Embrace: 1984

Appacent Age: 22

Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 3; Sminion ¥


Secial: Charismes 4, Manipal
Mental: Percepcion 3, Intell
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3,4

on 3, Apppen

nce 3, Wits 4
Brawl 4, Doxlge 3,
ip 2

Bu
2, Medicine

i pood
ages Philip cn

auple clothes

He'<dark skinned clean shaver

asses
Wah a »

lend tn with
any sutton nyof South
taeto¢ the most expen: clubs in €

Roleplay

You helieve

Hints: n everywhere

take

tion and keep his ow
‘ne only brought raore pain
li the filthy rich and ypend
to clean up the hleaker ureasof B.C. You,

fhe Man, but all you really

aid hos into your life, You se
fou time wockie
pe lip.

Prince

Havent \

ne backup in-eawe you uncovera nest of sepents

laluence: Non

Velvet

Lifeon the streets was never ensy, buethire's
thing oboe Ws

ory

ne good
sp well

aise to he lady of the night st mi
Inaugural Ball with 9
always tried to sray
spherself free of drugs sand disease

wank representative. Sh

lem and k adiffiele

task an thes day Bur one night her Westyle caught
op with I
roca the multiple rapesin,

their nan

raphic dail, incl
igh an

hs choked-ens bet
wdofanger and passion
Bitnerly she thought

he whitiw
dh her attacker
hot Mr. Hero deserved a free one

then everything went
When she woke up, the 1
sls
sts life became much 0
yn childe for long. She knew what she
OW to get it. She even considered trying 10
ince, but he set off far
nore, Velvet cou

wn cheeks, we newt
eeddn't

many warming
‘stand anyone trying

is Mai

antrol
Sire: Philip F

Generation:
Embrace: 19

vuldsberolerat
ity burnesd, just for the sake

ade. Velwet us started workin

ment. She helieves that d ehe she aid th

hen Vitel has ty go. She never wants

cone willing

ontrolled by anyine agin

Bon Vivant
Uh

86

Apparent Age: 20s

Physical:
Social: Char
Mental:

Talents: A
Streerwire 8
Skills:
Knowledges:

Disciplines:

Backgrounds:

Viet
Hursanity:

Ce

Willpower:
Image: Vely

ength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
ema 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
coll 3
ing J, Alereness2, Brawl 3, Daege IE
Subeortuge 4

ception 4)

pathy 3,

2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, M wealth
LM

Law Medicine 1, Occult 2

Linguistics

Celerity |, Potetice 1, Presenice 3, Obie

Tontacts 3, Resoutees 2, Mentor f

510" all and
and black eve

se look gon
Roleplaying
boty topeeq0
with

progeny: for

Hints: You are crafty andl
faces. You enjoy flirting ind
1, alton

rsomne, Currently, yout scourinygour petentia

sme reavon, Prince Vitel gave you petrission ti

Chapter Four: The


Haven: Howie on

Influ

her old ones just p

one, was fool
although

Consuela, whe
low you down. ¥

our manhood and

wa sucking your

argatory." You dh

new Brijah. Perhaps he suspects that you're behind

Tov bad, because youd

Gonzalez Apparent Ages

yen, there wasa little within stp chick — Skills BAive Sy iFinaazing dy Melee 3, Repair 2, Ste

andgetingsmabed out you mi AB WRN toe Backgrounds: AlliR} Geit , Resouces 1
lom wasthar when it came tindestingy che Willa ung, she

in those deep tones of his, except who the fuck
‘Well, before you
sthole lor more.

yrtanal he warts yon edie

on' play prestation games unless you

jough of a man, Now you're a

16th Servet.

amon, anarchs Velvet is also tevine to.
in the city and national government
voted aut of oftice

Embrace: 1991

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, mina 3
‘man in your neighborhood. The other ag
wu, theladieswantaiyousandnoone,but Social Charms 2, Manipulatigaiy Appearance +

th enouigh to mess With you. You sold theese: Mental: Perception 3, Intellipdige 2, Wits 3
mu personally avont the stuf ad i agen: Alertness iene 3, Dodge 2, Streetwise 4

fn't understand that Having q bid would — Knowledges: GLingeics 1
va eater fyi weet se Disciplines: Colerit fimence

‘ound ubirch walling (VOR The only Virtues: Concha Selb yntrol 5; Courase 3

Humanitsa6

life cures your ae The sey
an upside-dowdi\Algarchy' att ah.

ch your own ody and ime al Joo Peponic gy who seems
id and By "14 Gianinson explained ey live on thdligdlat a mote yield (usually one missing from

a local dealeal Ae weaty @xbAsive leather jackers. He's
suds ypletallee, and soars bit when

By Fhow you're great, bur you've

bane listens to you. You hate the

stands fo., and you wiry te ease
ws Possible without going over the line. The
Feome when old man Man

Haven: Basement of an old obandoned house near Silver
Spring.

Secrets: C

Influence: Almost une,

DC

by Night


‘Clan Gangee! has the least involvement in the po!
of Washington, D.C. Theysee Washington asa major focal
pot fortoo many supernatural entities. fall theclans, the
Gangrel are the mort puzzling to Marcus Vitel ancl Peter
Dorfman. No one knows exactly how the Gangrel might
fmact na situation, and none knows what the limits tis
than are.

Art Morgan

As Acctellsit.he was born a leon timeago inland that
wes the leck as its syenbol, ard he was taughe to respect
amthorty and seek out justice. ls ife und death have been,
se long stranige trip, He never put down tots, but he
imide many frletus uver the courte ofa long lifetime,

Att Monyan is connected to te mictal world throug
is ob with Deviant magatine, a small rag chut reports on
dug worshippers, rival skin gratting, and the dangers of
gresscul. This tabloidatyle periostical worships cheir best
feporter ind will finance him to travel anywhere,
he evil is good story,

Arr Morgan happens th he ane of the few beings in the
World of Darkness who is welcomed i aliast any circle
The anarchs believe that he's a fellow spirit. A faction of

1 become Justicar Gangrel, Even

pect him — he ssone of the only vampines to

trave visited the Sept othe Awakening. Men in Black have

followed Are around more than a few mages — both

Technoicracy sind Tradition — conwider Morgan to be
friend,

Art Morgun isan enigma, deluded elder who belleves
hhecan be a Justicar with his own guard of Archons. whom
hherefuses to Bloyal Bond. This Cainite iste hes friend
young vampire can make in Washungwon, D.C. Some say
thor Arr'ssaul wasreben daring the 1960, because despite
hisage he seems rather in touch with the modern world, cr
ules that narticulr era, Art Morgan sivesa ereat deal of
gralit to De, Timothy Leary's consciousnessexpany

Tintagel
aller
Demeanor: Cayalier
Generation: 71h
Embrace: 550 A.D,
Apparent Age: 50s

Physicals Strength 5, Dexterity 4) Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulstion 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents:

Enmpaehy 5, Intimidation 3, Leadership

Subteriue 4

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Drive 2, Equerte 2, Melee 6, Music 3

Repair 2, Stealth 3, Survival +

Knowledges: fureauemscy 1, Compter?2, Finance |, Invest

gation 4, Law 4, Linuuistes 8, Occult 5, Poincs 4, Sele

Disciplines: Awspex 3, Ax

Forrinde 5; Obfuscate 3, P

Backgrounds: "lies 5

Virtues: Conse

Humanity

Willpower 10

Images Art hay 0 scragaly look: his long blond hie, boar,

and! mustache ill te desperately in need of trimiminyl. His

yellow eyes are haunting, wolflike. He's fond of claiming

that he sees the world only in black and white. Mong
ars a Mack wool trench coat, iewyed Thins, ripped

Hine jeans, dirty boots; ane Lenn glasses everywhere he

goes. Beneath his clothe s bodys covered

with tick brown fur, which, slong with his long whiskers

be shaves constantly, His van, aypnle green magic bus, can

be heard from nnywhere in the nat vicinity

Rleplaying Hints: Most peuple shuld not reals just

deranged you are. Be unthinkably mellow. Act like u duxle

tack fromm recent Grateful Dead

ing, Alertness


heir piece und respect the hell out of ocher people, See wit

There's no

hut everybody in the world underestimates jx

reasornfor thers to realize thar you are the way youtare because
ui can' focus on any one thing. for mone than a few seconds
Haven: M

Secrets: A

Influence: Art Morgan has pull with the Rone Gnawers of
Washington, D.C, and all of Clan Gangrel. Addi

people are quick co confide in him, whic

knows far more than he thinks he does. Fi

EPA and the Depart

Joseph Fuller
Washinton, D.C., in onder omake we ofits vec ibraies.

Finding a number of Iike-mind
Jueule

di tnvividualy, Joseph

tide Egyption god worshipp rh

nself at the head as pharaoh ind high priest. Heattracted
a lot of the young, the jaded, wealthy among
Washington ts. Drugs and promises of enlighten

ritual yacrifice became part of the cults sicrament

Adrienne Connot, a wandering Gangrel, was p

thigh Wieshington, D.C when she stumbled across the
wo intrigued, and afer a ine, she became

ver, During a particularly excising private eitual,

ine Adrienne and she frencied, tearing

oat open. Wh ower, she was

wrk jules ana anewillingy co be Jonep hy expize, she
‘When she realized fully the implicationsof
Adrienne fled th

hat she had dane

Hood Hh

city in order toa
with hisunlife. After

4 shore time, other members of clan Gangrel discovered
him, and Prince V hllde

4 conmeted Joseph after he entered Kindrad
ne Secites than with Clan Gangel, and he
Marcus Vitel will dicaver
hiscontacts with the Setite clan, He realtes that he's no
typical Gangrel, and he's started to dream about eseablish
ing his own bloodline. He would like to manipulate his
childe. Tabitha Preste, to gain mote influence in the eit.

at Art Moigan has toa rach of a hold over ber

el tentatively accepted

fears that either Art Motwan o

Sire: Adrienne Consws

Nature: Dinsctor
Geneeation: 1th
Embeace: 1984

Apparent Age: 27
Physical: Strength 2, Deate

Demeane

2, Stamina 3

thon 4, Appearance 4
ception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talent 2, Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Lowderchip
Subterfuge 4
‘Skillet Animal Ken 3, Drive 1, Melee 1, Music 1, Repair

Srealth 1, Survival 3

Koowledgess lavestigation 1; Lingutsties 2, Medicine 2,
Occult §

Disciplines: Animalism2, Fortitucle 2, Protean 2, Presence |
Serpentis |

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Hend 5, Infhience 1

Retainers 2

Resources 3,

Virtues

Conseience 3, Self:Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 6

Image: Joseph stall and lanky. He istan skinned
eown fis whi
ff his body, especiilly his chest, and vsully wears black sil
tubes. He fu red welts on his urns and back from where he
plucks Feathers to hide his animul features.

Roleplaying Hints:
world
Followers of Set
leader, though youdoa't k

dascurly
‘caches past his shoulders, He likes to show

1s. You wish the
cially their mysterious
ie, she walks in your
evens, you choose

reams. Youre friendly toorhers,
your words catefully
Haven: An

artment near the Farragut North metro

ove to George Washington University

Secrets:
Influence: Joseph has a cule of 20 t0 30 followers, many of
almaost anything for hin, While few of his
followers have much power, a number are from influential
anal wealchy families.

whom would d


Tabitha Prester

Tabitha was abused sa chil and the emotional scars
fe uty Le ae wover through the poetry she writes. Het
ily suicidal verse strikes a chord with others who have
‘affered usshe hus, anl those who fee! alienated f ch d
Formost of her life, Tabicha isol
Teened in dis philosophy and theokigy upon which she
donee 1 crete her poetry, Her human existence was nearly
intolerable. Butall this came ond when she was Embraced.
il of her crazy

Terrified by her new condition and fe

synpatheric friend in Att Morgan. Art taught her abs the
Traditions xed the stern of Ki
fecome one ol Arr's "Archans." She ls quite protective of
ahle to admit i, and neither chooses to tecogsize the ft,
Tabitha isin lave with Art

Arc has helped Tabitha to realize the degree to which,
shchad squandered her life. Before hee death, and before she
‘et Morgan, she hod! never made the effort to discover all
thar life could offer. Since her Embrace, Tabitha has found
new faith and ree

ied society. Tubitha hs

The vampire is cireently reseatchiny, Kinetedl history,
specifically the history of her own clan and how each of the
diferent clans evolved. One of the few benefits to being
Hlood Bound to the Prince is the easy access ahe has to i
brary, which contains the ancient Latin pach

joys conversing in his longed matt

‘0 often discuss Kindred smd mortal history i Lat

Tabitha is good friends with Chas Voyager, the

had of the Toreador, and Bjorn Garinsory, head of th
in kinship with Washin

She serves as protector to Meliys,
her clothes, food for her cats and
whenever Meliss needs it, Tabitha remembers her own
<hildhord, andl wants tobe sure chat Melissa istaken care of
Hee bet friends, besides Art, are Art's other *Archons"
Pieter vars Dorm
Sire: Joc Fuller
Nature: Architect
Dleecon or Si
Generation: {2th
Embrace: 1988
Apparent Age: 25
Physical: Serength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charixns 3, Manipulation |, Appearance 2
Mental: Perosption 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Acriny 2. Aleerneas |. Athlete | Renal 3, Dade
Empuchy 4, Intimidation 1, Leadership, Streetwise 1, Sub:

:nimal Ken 2, Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee t, Music 2,

2, Security 1, Stealth 1, Survieal 3

Repair 2

Knowledges: fre
Thenlogy 5
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Fortitude 2
3, Mentor 3, Resin

Self-Control 5, C

ntey Computer 1, Financ

aw, Linguistics 3, Occult 4, History 4. P

Willpower: (0
mage: Tabitha ls an avery

Bjorn Garin
Be fon
and loyalty to. your friends. You
tangled your web of allegiances has become, and
"friend" start pulling (
" react. Your priorities
(though you are well aware that this
choice), Art yourf
possible to avoid going into frenzy
Haven: A townhoust fi Marylani! near the UC
Secrets: B
t Everyone listens to Tabitha, but ¢
she is getting hervelf into un awkward p

Melissa

Putence 1, Pr

aking womnan, 5°
ly fen

with

realize just hw

different ditections, there 19 n
re: your Prine

not by

ns, and then yourself: Do everythin,

Melissa knows that she's alittle gil who has lived in

Witshington, DC. all uf her life. S)
nation's capital, and she'll be gl

a good girl. The
someny, Tabitha Prester, though Melissa knows that
is not her real inommy. One day, she hones that

knows tha

ince locks out for

Chapter Four: The Dainticd

0 you thu, Meliss'

and se) does he


Uncle Art and Tabitha will fallin love and get married
Then she can be theie litte ye

Melissa doesn't remember much of hee life before she
wasa vampire. Allshe knows istharone day astrangercame
tw visit Then, she woke up in the middie of the night, and
the house was on fire and the stranger was fighting with a
bunch of men. The stranger heat them all up. but then he
attacked Melissa, Bad stranger. After that be bit her and
carted her outside, Melissa doesn't know what happened to
mommy and daddy, She thinks they're dead, The stranger
‘made Melisa into a vampire, just like he was. Then. he left
her all alone

Melissa cried fora longtime. Noone wasatound ro love

ye the day. Melissa loves her kitties, expecially Dump:
is because he's che biggest and most cuddly, although he
docs meuw a betle fury
Aver the Prince, Mr. Vitel, found her, she was happy
only Arend Tabitha would stop being $0 serious an
J, then Melisa and her kitties would have o family
Sines Richard Dahl

woking litre girl with Bl
curls and earsrtice lothies, provided for het
by Artand his"Archons. She slmort always has a kitty i
her arms. Metissa has short whiskers whi

Nature: Child heechewksand:asinll cat tail, which she triesto hide under
Demeanor: Child Daze sin

Generation: 10th i T) Roleplaying Hints: You enjoy hidlaye under vables and

Embrace: 1914 : ; Wald yr ki ' understand you
Apparent Age: ah becatie chey're: r ‘abithus nad the
Physical: Strength, Dexterity 3, Staminiy on tact so grown up, You wo

¢ io ike, the Nicoferat excepmlney ue disgusting looking
Social: Charms 4. Manirultion 4 0 Ue neni enon
Mental Perception 5, Intelie y i] © pho think they're txrimportantooksil, butyou're careful
Tal ting 3, Alertness : ne w ati he wong vainpies

3, Einpachy 3, Sercerveive. Ne AAl  iis Havent Veuitoliow Tables aroud. but you usualy tive in
Shiller Anisnat itt fives 1 hamse tn Alesrmtrin

Knowledges: Occult! .

Disciplines Animals 5, rel a Alin uses er cunenas

Backgrounds ipestal Hem gettting che can out of people.
Virtues: Cnmeience 5, Selina ii

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 6

by Night


pends most of his time alone, with only his com
keep pany. His neighbors
they are possibly: the simply a reclusive professor with sone conection (oth
m. Sort Levin, i clan Jocal universities. His only regular visitor is Mal
rs operates as effective mation super- Dobbs, J tecnayet undergoing an extended
highway as he does in the Matkavian Madness Netw cernship" as Scott's ghoul
jewel thicf — ar  tohis own modest sell- _histrainof thought in the middleof a sentence. He often
eimacion, Dr. Jeffrey trols the Bethesda hears saices and sees things that others don't. Social
{rstitute of Mental He in filled with ex- interaction with Scot requites extreme patience. Mo
Cli agsnesand crim. managestoopenly defy Kindred humor hien and many of the other elders hav
illsfforts toapprcherd him in either Baltimore or D.C. pity forhim, Little dn they realize how dangers he can
ifthe Malkavians hd any type of clan structure, they potentially be

Computers are Se win's a he

hisexistence. No-ane i in of Seott Levin's origins, joleundla. Levin designs viruses, regularly cracks ppm
bur the most common theory is that he was an inventor 1s and keeps tabs on dotens of computer systems. He
during the lave 18005, who had the misfortune to F also exchanges e-mail with Drs. Norton and Gran
thar he has been nior Malkavian in D.C. since th

confidant
Generation: 9th

na 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Percention 4, Intelligence: 4, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 5, Alettneds 2, Empathy 3, Leadership

Skills: Drive 1, Eiquette 1, Firearms 1, Rept 5, Sec
:

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer, Finance 2 Investi
sgation 4, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine 3, Okcult 3, Politics 3
Sclenee 5

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 4, Fortitude
Obfuscare 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Influence 4, Retainers 2, Stanus

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 4

Chapter Four: The Damned


Humanity: 7
Willpower:
lens possible. He wears
seare subtle shades of gray.
ngth dirry-blond hair which,
ice. When he has to get up, he

blue eves stand out strikingly

wnly one color: all of
He hus straight, shoulde
almoxt never stays in p
ands about 5°", TI

Roleplaying Hints: You always weara friendly smile, In
‘your woeld, it seems thar strange things ate perpetually
one thing thinks near your speed — your computer, It

ets requiring your
an't keep your mind from roving. O
ess fast en wksbetter than
people do. L c minor polities of

knew how co
"I show them.

play the real games, Someday ye
¢ near Chevy Chase
A
Levin virtually controls the
Washington, D.C
ject. He has cory

Cassie (Olivia Debray)

s one of the few Malkavians cuinsidered

named Olivia Debray, she has always had 4 gift far
resning the future, The upper-crust male friends who
otened to her predictions were well protected when the

mputer net
He can acces int
within almost

Cassie

tock marker ceached. A few even profited. Her ability ¢
jetell future events wasan oft-discussed subject among
her friends, and eventually word got to Seate Levin, who
ne fascinated by the young woman, Determining

1 her abilities might be extecmely useful, Scott Ein

braced Olivia und renamed hee Cassandea, which she

and iter she over:
ed her way into the good
ur the time that Marcus
snwita began to have daymare

lurk lord of the Sabbar destroying Wash

pled the F 0
ing herself more closely with the powerful new elder.
After Marissa fell, C

there was more to Virel than she had initially believed.

The tdea that she may h on the

ve been responsible
Final Death of het beloved Prince was just toon

her two handle

and her sense of identity sha
has three distinct major, andl at feast 10 minor,
personalities, three of whom are male

rmugjor personality is thar of Caste, Castie
irl who is able to see the futur
and caring: She loves

he's very kind
skip and play hide and seek

She'y mer Melissa of Clan Gangr
with her. Cassie wants kitties of her
thar ean chase Melissa's kitties wher Cassie get

her

Her second personality eal

and enjoys playing
own and a h

powerful player tn th
belioves that she is the real power heh

ian. This personality is very strong willed, and
the plays the political games well. She likes to weit
if enjoys flirting with both
the Prince und the Pontifex. Cassandes seems 91 power
ful that most of the harpies of Elysium suspect that het

peers

sie doesn't remember whar happens to Cassanara
Cassandra ulemost

appears on the wene

ity's political games. Cas

flowing expeasive drewes 3

wie Is only

since Cassandes remembers what Cassie, but

ways surfaces if a powerful vampire

Her third personality ts Olivia, a young won
the 1920s who's trapped in a nightmare. Olivia de
ammpire. She th

character who despetn
rors of unlife, but who ultimately lacks the courng.
self, Olivia takes over whenever Cassand
assic fil a Willpower check of any sort
All of her personalities experience visions of the
furure. When this happens, Cassie's eyes glaze over and
she begins to shake. The visions are another Derange

ment and have no bearing on reality: however, many
Kindred in D.C. believe thar they have relevance,

by Night


ort Levin
Varies, bur usually Child (Cassie), Ploccer
‘or Martyr (Oliv
Demeanoe: Va

Generation: I

sngth 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
sma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talemws: Accinng 3, Alen

focimidacton 2, Subcertuge 2

Skills: Ken 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1,

Music 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Medicine 2, Occult 4, Politics |

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 1, Dominate 3, Fortitude l

Obfuscate 3, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Alli

Srarus 3

jem 5, Dale 1, Empathy 5,

2, Influence 3, Mentor3,Resoutces 5

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Comtn
Humanity: 8
5

Notes: She always loses a Blood Point wh

5, Courage 2

A thin, gaunt woman with black hair and hazel
sabout 54 iv styles rem
¢ 19205, She almost always wears a hat
wants to have fun. Yo
evecyone, and you don't let
Casandra) You are
Kindred community, You expeet respect from your peers
and groveling from your fessors. You keep careful tr
opportunity to. put
another riconate in your debe. (as Olivia) You can't
believe what's Somecne has to wake yo
You'te caught in a sick fantasy and there's no escape!
Haven: Cassandra has' house in Falls Church, Virginia,
foutheast of the District. The decor is rrue 1920s. A first
dition copy of The Great Gatsby sits on her coftee table

love to
dults tell you what todo, (as
‘commanding prevenee in the

of prestation and never miss an

ppeniry

Secrets: B
Influence: Cassandra has agents scattered throughout
Washington, D.C. Her greatest influence lies in th
local historic:

Razor

anarch Malkavian is one of the best Kindred
politicians in Washington, D.C. He manages to manipu:
late his image und reputation enough to be given credit
foractivities in which he hasno involvement, Razor has
aanetwork of ghouls who spread information through the
nrects, and also uses massive amounts of graffiti to get

ucur had been o regular bureaucrat named Gary

Stapleton, He was «normal guy with a notial life, or
pon his

shout as close is anyone can get to it. One aften

motorist offered n ny Co the nearest gax station

y accepted. Unbeknownst to
Rolf Trask, was a Malkavian vanny

nie benefactor.
with a homicidal
Ri missed a few exits, and then
a road that the bureauerar didn't tec
task Dominated h
(ook him toa horel. Having chorus!
tim, then Trask skinned him

ested, but

he expressions of agony on Stapleton's faceamuse
ry expired, Trask Embrace

tall over. Rolf kept Gary

Trask so much that after €
wcked in the hte
agged, with a "Do Not Disturb" sig
perpetually hung
dicioned maids, Finally
(the D

or to keep away the Con:

Gary snapped free mination: He minaged t
gethishandsonar
from a hunt, atnbushed his
the dead fl

Finally, when nothing was left of Tr

blade, and as Trask was reeumniny,
fe. The razor sinking int
sh, gaye Gary a feeling of empowerment
Jk but sacks
meat, Gary collected himself and fled
Everything was different now
back to his life ax w bureaucrat, Anyway, he
poiwer, no freccom in that lite. Nothin
him luke butchering Trask. He had
powerful of enemies

Gary couldn't ¢
ad

hat he would

f undead, wha

Chapter Four: The Damne


assumed went through their |

«1s he did, in a geay
zone, failing jon or to think for themselves

Ie i Racor's homicidal mania, combined with his
4 praraniia, chat has Ted him

Je believes that he és the onky

sse of miggalimania a
down his current p

ne who can sive the vainp
they do

nid until
nue Co point QuEEO them just
» have. Hisattacks ure ineunt to he
logically disturbing ra nderan his
tare © Final Death, When he bunt
lacing his vicrims, but tries to avoid murder

ist up, he will on
how little ec
payel
he enjoye mut)

Graffiti actoss the city taunts the Camanilla about
ot, Han anarch action takes place in Washington, he
takes the etedit, Iti» said that a night doesn't go by that
the Prince's minions do not discover # new message:
him, and
whoh
¢ always poppin,
nt Razor
al but a childe of the

Most Kindred who encounter Ruzor never
rent ntall suite thar he

claims to be. Razor impersenat

in the Baltimore-\ cu
might not even
Site: Rolf Tro
Natur

Deme: tel

Deviant

Generatioy
Embraces 1980
pparent Ag

Physical: Serenyth
Social Char
Mental: Pete
Talents: Acting 5,
Empathy 2
Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3,
Survival 1

Dexcetity 5, Stamina 5
4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

on, Inteltigence 4, Wits 4

Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
detship 1

lertess4, Athletics 2

intimidation 4, Le etwise 3,

Melee 4, Security 3, St

Knowledges: Buren
Law 2, Linguistics 1, M
Discip

scracy 3, Computer 3, Invest
ine t, Occult 1
Celerity 1, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 5

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 5, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4,
Hurmanit

ontage 5

Willpower: LO
Ni hag aln

he has the
four Blow

nit no vkin Left on his body,

tion of healing it each sight (arn cost of

Image: Raswe's real

1m is horreridous, but no vampire

faiely av

ance, ually int aye-looking guy, about
irund brown eyes. He sometimes

acker, be

a black feath his wardrobe varies

tremendously. Wher: Rasor speaks tw people, he likes

do te feo bly with a microphone and

stance, prefe
hidden speakers.

Roleplaying Hint
make sure thar all

ites give careful consideration
their undeud existence, Noone should waste thelr ete:
nity like you wasted your own life. You take incredible
chances, but you always have w backup plan. You're not
brash or stupid, bue you de Tove life on the edge. You
always take the time to: study your prey, whether

they are a target for w firebomb or
Remember that image is everything
badass reputation to uphold,

Hayen: Mobile, Razor has havens alimost ev

Secrets: A

practical joke

Influence: The entire non-Sablat anarch move

Dr. Stephen Norton

Steve Norton was the type of person who blend
He dutifully went ro his j
1 he worked hard, he was never
ct thar allowed him to demonstrate hit

Inv w crowd, he was

© the backdrop of
remember. He was always part of the audience, never up
However, unlike ather people whe live quiet
unassuming oring
known for nothiny an having the best
his lab at NIH (the

of Health). $o, Dr. Norton spent his downtime hee
an internationally feared jewel thie

uny cool with his Life, ty be uble ty

towing
pli culture

sore sak fn th


miro: and see someone who wasn'ta geek. He imagined
that when he assumed the wealth and romance of the
Jevel chief persona he would have the last laugh on
everyone. He'd be uble to go wherever he wanted and
tuyanyching he desired,

Moit kids give up on their fantasies, bat not Steve
—he committed himself, He purswed his goal with such
single-minded devotion that he becaine alienated from
the social world. Steve Norton had no friends until he
reached college. His freshman year roomnate, Jeffrey
Granger, was a psych major who gor invited to all che
furties and generally jot along with everyune, even

cloped » strong friendshy
both, 1e was Jeff who taught
eating with peoph

Eventually Steve got his doctorate in biochemistey,
Jind pulled ofa few heists along the way. He sceured an
‘exreinely boring job at NIH. researching microongan
‘hms. The only bright spot of NIH was Dx. Susan Wiliam
‘fellow employee, who saw something more than the
iiet image Steve cultivated.

amazed the
inuicacies

In light of Steve's knowledge of electronics and
chemistry, his incredible ayility und his formulate re«
search abilities, no sccurity aystem wax wholly sate
Steve would drive to distane cities withour rel
ove, just to try a new vault or repository. All
were practice efforts for what he planned to be bis
iggest job: the thelt of the Hope Diamond from the
Sinithsonian Institute.

fut fore had other plans for Steve Norton. After he
broke into the residence of a wornun shay henutiful
winerald necklace had caught his eye, Steve's cur was
spotted bya policeman cruising the neighborhood. Twa
detectives came to fis home the next evening, ane of
whom was che Malkavian Jasper Creed, nerzed member
ofthe Bethesda police. Jasper demanded to know where
the jewels were hiklen, but Steve proved uncoopens:
tive. Luckily for him, Jasper had never learned the
Dominate Discipline. After Steve lied to him about the
location of his stash, Creed shor him twice ar close
range. Steve lost consciousnesstying ina pool of hivown
blood, hicrerly cursing fare. He was going eo dic, but be

When Creed fated to find the jewels, he
ton and Embraced him before intereogating hitn
eve gave Creed a new location, this time a few
miles away instead of inside his house: Jasper left Steve
toot in neat torpor in a hathroom, confident that the
fledgling wouldn't escape during the day. Steve Norton
proved him wrong. By the next evening Sceve had
pcaped, and the:nvat he tamuped co contact Prince
Vucel. Norwn's resourcefulness impressed Vitel, and
hile the Prince "dealt" with Jasper Creed, he made sure
that Steve was spared.

While Stove mightnot have been the world's greut-
‘eat jewel thief before his Embrace, he has impraved
since. Steve Norton resigned from his job at NIH and
Joined up with Art Mongan's cotetie, He also grabbed a
cat named Spots fram Melissa to be his sidekick

Steve spends his nights driving through the ety in
a motorcycle with Spots, loot and. possibly, another
vampire in a sidecat. 1¥ Marcus Vitel regrets anything
about his reign, it & sparing Stephen Norton. Si
Steve's Embrace, Vitel has rarely glimpsed the thief, but
the Prince knows that the Malkavian has shared blocs
with his "daughter" Monica. He worries about what else
this crazed Malkavinn has discovered.

The Prince also know

ness — the mortal St

lecail his Malkavian's quest for knowledy
be a threat to the woman.
Sire: Jasper Creed
Nature: Perfectionist
Demeanor: ThrillSeeker
Generation: 11th
Embraces 1964
Apparent Aget 55
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Seamina 4
Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearatice 3
Mental Peteention 5, Intellisence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Desge |
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Deive 4, Etiquette 2, Firearms 5,
Melee 2, Repair 2, Security 5, Stealth $
Knowledgest Burcawerncy 2
Medicine 3, Oceult 2, Seience 4
Disciplines: Animualiam |, Auspex 2, Celerty 1, Obfwseate +
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Conicts 2, Mentor 4, Retainer 1,
Resources
Virtuess Conscience 5, Sel Control 4, Courage 5
Humanitys ?
Willpower: 8
Notes: Steve suffers from delusions. He sees his life as
part of series of novels about a great jewel thief. Every
thing has some sort of melodesmatic symbolisua wo Steve,
See thar ham nn the an FRI apone
planning to enprure Seeve — at least that's how Dr
Norton sces things: The woman who accidentally meets
hiseyes is his fence, or a romantic fling feom years past
Amage: Steve is a nondescript fellow who prefers black
clothing with spandex bodysuits beneath. He's about
5°10" with brown hairand brown eyes that scan carefully
any room he enters.

reve Norton has a

anything ean
then it may

tater 4, Irvusthgation 2

root cornet? Hy

Roleplaying Hints: Anal rtentive
begin codescribe you. Youplaneyerything out in prec
|, leaving nothing ta chance. Y«

pd obsessive desi

Chapter Four: The Damned


co the Abyss
n. You've seen a ghostly
find her

nce. You want to see Vitel fall screaming i
for what he's put Monica throu

Marissa on your tides ou wan
Haven: A mansion on the Vi
ted on a bluff overlooking D.C

angtel may often be f

nia side of the Poromnac,
Members of Clan
at hix haven,

pected by the Malkavinns
jeratu and Gangre}. In additional, he still has some
tes to the NIH and other health organitations

Dr. Jeffrey Granger

na young Jeffrey Granget artended American

mate was Stephen Nostut, Unlike
mates, they developed it lasting friend
p_and stayed cogether all four years, While Steve

wenton togethis doctorate in biochemistry, Jeff

ranger devoted himself to psychtatey
the Bechesda Inst:

he received seeu
ber of special cases, includime
vcrars and politicians. The
quite a few payehiatric

After graduation he gota jo

f Mental Health, wher

i Washington produce:

alent for healing minds eame to the attention
pending his diys healing th

teaking the iran-willed

id Granger with pretty speeches
table and his nights
Grange logical warfare, and he advised them
luring the Vietnam War.

The Mf roommate Seeve Norton called, bake
ing oa ubout needing to tale 10 him. Sick of h
for the government and hoping that he mig
help a friend, Jeff arranged to meet with hitn, He
all his work with the ga vent had
me vampire, Hi t
and when Steve realize

cated
re how to hand
that Jeff posed a threat to the
Masquerade, he frenzied and wound up Embracing his
ld friend.

Joshua Lyons
Bethesda lustituce of Mental Health
10.4 ghoul several years ayo, and he uses Dominat
Jatk about hls current condit

ay in touch. Dr. Granger transformed

Lyons ind
AH lives at
treating patie

Institute and spends most of his night

s. Hee has amassed a number of ghouls iry

the asylum and plays the political yumes of the Washing.

ke up the

Jetfisuluo strangely empathic, and often
wements and idiosyne af chase
A few Kindred have discovered theirown Derangemmente
ing with Dr. Granyer anil watching his teint

This derangement of his has earned hint

several enemies, as he émicates th
meets; In the world of Wa
mitation 1s not seee as flattery

Sire: Scephen Norte
Mawchist

Demeanor: Careuiver

Natur.

Generations 12¢
Embrace

Apparent A

Physical Dexweilyy 2
Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 4,

yemance 2
Menualt Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Empathy
Leadership 3, Subterfnge
Skills: Animal Ken |
Stealth |

Drive 2, Briquerto 2

Knowledges: Bureau Finance I. Lawl
Medicine 4, Politi
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 5, Obfuscate 3

Backgrounds: Co

Computer
1, Science 4

vets |, Fane Influence

Virtues: Conscienc
Humanity: 7
Willpower: 5

4, Self-Control 5, Courage 3


mage: De. Granger has sandy brown hair and dark
frown eyes. He wears glasses and has.a beard and muse
liche with red highlights, He usually dresses his 5°7?
frame inv rather ondinary suit

Roleplaying Hints: You are a curing person, bat you
now that you are fated to suffer. Psychotherapy iva
‘atharsis for you. You overanalyze yourself and work
‘Migencly for your patients. However, you've learned
tht chere is a supernatural side to the world. You've
Ihoken minds and pieced them back together, but now
{ou wonder, how many sane poople are believed insane
because they kriow the truth about vampires and

/
a

©

werewolves and the like! How many healthy minds did
you break in your regular duties! Also, how can a pays
chiateise maintain his humanity and do the type of work
that you do for the government? Guilt ts your constant
companion,

Haven: The Bethesda Instituce of Mental Health
Secrets: C

Influence: Dr. Granger controls his asylum, and he how
several government contacts, However, in cccent
months, Men in Black have started investigating events
concerning the institute

Chapter Four: The Damned


NOSFERATU

The Nosferans lurk about beneath the feet of the
powerful people, the meversand the shakets, lhe Washing
ton insiders, Rats clamber through the vast Labyrinth of
sewer, old homb shelters, andl metry and ancient subway
stems: For them the old trickte-dowr) theory really wotks

all the shit eventually reaches the hortom. And in this
bureaucratic nightmare af pi
Jot of shit

The Nosferatu get everyone's secrets and all the ditty
suradry. Watt to know what happened in lnam-Contta? Ask
the Nosferatu. Need to know who's really responsible for
Ask the Nosferatu. They coniuel the mets
date. Theysearch chrough the trash, They krwow the dark
sectet iinulerbelly nf D.C: They know which Bone Grawers
hadabie vod todrink. They can tellyou
the | € e and the lutest area of
Sahat infiltrarion. Of course, everything has a price iar
requites a favor. Knowledge isn't free

pouiseity, there's w helluva

Whitewarer

(Ofall the elans, the Nosferatu have the strongest eri

hut threatens the city. They stick together,
even if they yet ar each nther's nerves. Thele main peoblem
tsa back of leadership.

Nathan (Arlen)

on the un his entire unlife: He fled
we ta the New World to escape
European vitmpitic politics and immediacely found himelf
hye aerosthe continent by the Sabbat. He fually found
refuge in D.C, which wasac tat tine too small tote

Heremembersthetine
formed. He lived in the basement of a farahouse and later
was torn down, spent mout of his time under the
Tiber: Afterwards, he moved tothe C&O Canal, and he still
haunts char ine today. He wns quiet when che Bryjah

ce took aver during the war, and he wiper

took ower. He watched and
listened, knowing that this way th
athan doesn't want tad

th problems. He jst wa

to shut out the world and vale the tunnels benewth the
cts. He hides and he listens

Nanhai haslenened that Mazeus Vitel was onc Sabb

He knows that Vite's got Sabbat allies. He even saspecte

listens. He ices nie want Peter Doefiwas to be prince, but

involving himself in the

sinus will work themselves wut. The

has an even sronger aversion t

Nosfersty have all eremity. He'll waig; ewen though his
younger brethren vit to rise up. Fanning the Aames of
tinarchy only leads to Final Death, Nathan knows: After
‘everything blows up, he'll pill ke around,

Sire: Francis bi

Nature: Polemen

Demeanos
Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1677

Apparent Age: Invieretminabe
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Soni

Autist

erception 3, Intelligerice 3, Wits 4

Acting, Alertness, Brawl 3, Dodge

its 2, Leadership 3, Sereerwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Animal Ken 4, Melee 2, Music 1, Repwir L, Stealth,

Survival 4
Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Lingle
ties 3, Medicine 2, Geeult 4, Politics 3
Disciplines: Aniinalism 5, Auspes 4, Domitiate 1, Obfus
cate 5, Potence 3, Proce

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Comtets 2, Herd 5, Influe
Sea 3

Virtues: Conscience 5, SelCante
Humanity: 6
Willpower 7

5, Comtange 3

D.C. by Night


Image: An old, pale Noxte
hanging from hishead. Nathan's
blue pupils, bur they hokd a

ay hair
miley white with
oth. He

i heavily. Nathan
rigs Rate clamber

ith mere wisps of

never dresses in any
around In his clothing.

Roleplaying Hints: Si
spoken to. Ye

reat peuple, but de
estions tersely ally
There js more to the world than most Kindred imagine

otspeak unless

same beyond yames, You refuse to play until youcan see the

hae,

Haven: Nathan spendsis days huddled inthe tunnelsneae

the C&O Ganal, surrounded by mit servants

Secrets: A.

Influencer Nathan: bs
city because most Kindred fene the

wsfedige. Within his own clan, the yo

clans, however, kelieve him to be some sortof mnater
of the vewers, for ty neunates:and few eke
him, Additionally, he buaspornered same inflienee with the

Amos

Somebodi's got to help the street people ar
them frm sickos:like Couriet: (see below),

protect
Ans
a!" Amos. Heck, half the city trusts him. Even Plince
Princeyewarmabe Helena listens 10 hin
Princess-shouk-be Heer,

Amos lives.on the street. He testy people by askin,
them for money. Sometimes he'l give nice people present

| gives bir
looking

n'tunderstand the ste
teach th
Jessans. Amos keeps several ghouls amon,

anugton,

‘Amos knows that most peaple d

buthe thinks thar scmeone has vel ome few
ie heieless i
just oo watch gut far the street dwellers,
Amos likes the metro system, and he spend a lor af
e part ofthe District tothe other
on the

1 Eratn going OUE of

‘ime taking tmins from,
He watches the action and listens to canversit
metro. Whun people refuse to get

service, he takes the opportunity te feed. Amos
ghouls in che metro, und Nathan

the Prince and his Retainers on

doesn't understand why N
pethaps bec

marr enough to listen to Nathan and not make the Prince
angry with him.

Nathan

nice nthe Prince, except

he gets to see Princess Cynthia, but he's

Demeanor: Categiver
9th

Embrace: (929
Apparent Age: 38
rehgth 3, Dexterity 3, 7
ana }, Manipalarion 3, Appearance 0
tion 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Talents: Actinu2. Alertness, Athletics |. Beaw!§. Daulge 1
athy 4, Intimidation 3, Leadership 1, Steverve
Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal

uistics 1, Medicine 1, ¢
Dinciplines: Animals

3, Fortieud
Backgrounds: Alles 5, Contacts 2, Retaine
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 6

Image: Amo
bly, aad he

of ehumcoal. Ame
He chews c

rinks of the city streets. Blisters cover hi
ly got one good eye. His skin és the color
always wears scrans of discarded cls
hiafingers. When he uses Obfuscate no char
his appearance bi ack man wi
fe: His voice ig harsh and mop
Roleplayin
pout than Kindred: hu
stories about people. ¥
very day. You just

You have more imporane things e
beings
sve somethin

You like to talk
went
the rich wanld be ro
nenerous and give more to the poe
aven: Mobile

Secretst B

Chapter Four: The Damned


Influence: Ames could almost command an uprising of the
nity. He comtnals the metro systerm in the
ty, although Geo

homeless comin
ge Lawrence has
he trains, and the Ventrue
hous among Metro employees as well

George Lawrence

‘Axonetiine, George had the worstjob ofall. He was an
English teacher in Somheast DA

ared. Hated by his students,

ne of the few who
unpecition with drugs;
homes. and childhewsd

drorumaut produc
ws kicks hand
received hare mail,
hell, most people knew he ws

society and tosee that at least

ance to get out, Surehe got shot

Thad bis car trashed, by
laying. George found that a» long as he hal ehree ot four
frinks duting the sehool day, it was ul rig

George's drinking deseroyed bis marriage, ttined his
and nearly wrecked hi . Drink
ea ele

pump fica ups to make fu
Ac least, it kept hi
Finully fear gain

finances teaching ean

ane his life He pol to cal his nerves,
selling oF using drugs
«help and kicked his habit

okingup. Hehecamea program vokunter

and worked to help others with addiction problems, Hisex:

announcement from oncof his former ster

Lifestarn
fe get that flese graduation
sehr made i
through Howard University. Once again, life was worth
while. George went out und partied for the fir
be the mistake: of avin onveebrink

and then another. After he lost track

then anoeher
¢ time, be stumbled into ametro station and collaped ina

trapped inside. And he wasn't alone. He hasn't seen the

Nature: Architec
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1969
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3. Ma 2, Appearance 0

1 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Athletics 1, Beawl2, Dox?

Empathy 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3,

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Fice

Survival |

as 1, Melee 2, Stealth 3,
Knowledges Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Lingy
Politics 3, Science 3
Disciplines: Aniulis
Backgrounds: Allies 5

Status 3

2, Asspex?, Obfuseate3, Potence!
Herd 4, lnfluenee 2, Ret
Virrues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

body with a direy beige trench coat and bis
Wodhinigeon Ballets ap, He has narrow eyes ins

ywees hie
ad with @

blisters. He's bent 62" and at ce pout is ile wis faith
athleri. He li

your
Roleplaying Hints: You'tea well-educated guy whoswitsher

tose hiZObhueate to make hime loole
Poitier
between st ne and kinyg words, You chain
coutlauously whieh helps heey: your heatless lat
winter nights You stressakour all kinds of things, bur oue
quick to make friends, especial
You clon't cine se much ubour the Sabb
lems, but you

with younger
amarifla probs
and wrong. You wish
Nathan would let you do something about the fucking
Setites. You have aspecial ally within the Bone Gnawers.a
Garou called Blood Licker.

Fiaven! D.C. 5

Secrets: B+
Influences Geonge wll po
Nosferatu and be has made 4 special point of
influence within the Metro transit system.

Glenn Courier

You know, there'snothing lke the feel ofa chainsaw as
tothe eft partofthe bone, The waythe

system,

ably be the next leader of Clan

hard noise changes just slightly to a softer squishy sound.
Abb, music to the ears, Yex, Cour
of the best. Noone got el

+ was a serial killet, atud
se tocatching him. Ir wasn',


really is fut lif was just boing. Hie, was
wroeld, cleaning

clpiny
up the gene pool. Survival of the Fittest,

Fight overpopulation. He didn'e

Th Jecisied to take a trip
toywatch government in action. Mi
FBI headquarters. Who w
hha would happen if you didn't get of the train when you
Well, beenrnir
what a sick punpy b
fngended. Nonethele
talents, Very few vampiric problemscauldn't be resolvad
with che gentle application of a nice chainsaw.

rations capital

yld've thought that semethinu

dw use for Courier'

Sire: Googe [Lawrence
Nature: Jester
Demeanor: Deviant
Generation: 11th
Biobrace: 1988
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
3, Manipulation 2. Appearunce 0
elligence 2, W
ting2, Alerrness 3, Ath
Streetwise 3, Subterfage 1
Skills: Av 2 1. Fhieacas 4
2, Security 1, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Invesriga

Disciplines: Aninuilisn 1, Fortiunle 1. Obfweate 1, Po
tee

3, Brawl 2, Doelge
Molee 4, Repair
on 3, Law 3, Medicine 2, Oceu

Allies 2, Mentor 3, Status 2
ntvol 4, (

Backgrounds

Virtues: Conscience 2, Sell-C

atl His skin ranges from 9
black to sickly pale ots. He has several patches
thar look like bleeding hurn sears Courter likes to xile und
show off histones. He weats any cloths that bi
Roleplaying Hints: You like 1a play with people and scare
them. You're not really into massacres much anymore, but

insaw's great for black humor. You feed by pulling
or under people's fee

istenine deep

Influence: (
care of him. Other

Toby

This internationally famous aniarch really plays Tittle
role in the city's politics. Rollowiryy the
D.C anarchs, preferring to help the Movement on the
national leve

n is George's progeny, and his sire take

dinpures are beyinniy to feat him.

old adlage about
he has had no involvement with

Few creates, whether martal or immortal, have a
etter understanding of computers and
He fallosys Le

yputee systems
in's efforts with amuse

keep the Malkav

pt, und has gate to
seat p
him,

finding out abe

Theonly ityhe hasany regulardealings
with ie Nathar belioves to heextremely power
Nathan offen has Toby un computer errands for him
which the neonate hacker is

aly too glad te
For monet

Cookbook.

Since Ovivald

Naturet Priise-Secker

lon on Toby, pleaie see

Demeanor: Perfectionist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1988

Apparent Age: 20

Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Sami

Secale Charfema't, Manipulation. 2; Appa

Mental: Perception 5; Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Drive 1, Repair 4, Security 5, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 5, Finance 2, inee
tigation 5, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Politics 3, Scien
Disciplines: Obfuscate 1, Potence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Mentoe 3, Resources 2,
Virtues: Conse

Seats t

Chapter Four: The Damned


Humanity: 8
Willpower: 6

Image: To say that Toby is chubby isn understatement
far hangs off him like multiple balloons growing from his
flesh, Hecannot wear ashirtand will not getone tailored for
feat of scruully letting someone measure him. His face is a

wasteland ofiucne seats andhis pimples oote continually. He

wipes his face with old nigs, which he then throws into the
sewers, as he ts unable to clean them.
Roleplaying Hints: In body ye

ur mind ts sharp

problems and so

snpress ever Nath:
Haven: Au abandoned warehouse neat the Potoma
Secrets: B.
wen broken into the Arcanum


The clan T.
east, that's their story, Fre
to design this young capit

id. Vision:

ountry that would

mnlen

‘oreador elle J of cresting

aneot wear a nude! for the future
wey could solidify their claims

to theit pl

But before pd eliminate

the French Revolution caught

Veanrue 1 9 ta the eapital of the Unit
The Toreador saw fir let the Ves
omtro} Washington, while

staked €
rue pretend to
took over the important
ities in the new country: the state capitals, Before th
Toreador knew whut baad huyppened, the Civil War beg
‘inthe wrong side. When te dust set
d Washington, D.C. and the power of th
woken.

Duringrhe reign of Prince Marissa, the Toreadormade
attempts to reclaim the city. Each time, he Ventruc
abtheimin the back and try torakeadvaneage ofthe
inajor Toreador opposition. By the time the Toreador had
recovered they were unable todo much excep glare in fury
they desiced, His subsequent purge of their leadership,
combined with devastaing

we elders in
Toreador named Chia
followers

rope have chewen to ignore
fy the hands of « young

Voyager and his small group of

Chas Voyager

Chas Voyager always knew he was destined for great
ar for musicand
instrument, and these

‘his mute, He

rrould drown init, infusing each chord with emorion.

ness: He was gifted witha perfect voice,

ame to th
woe for

Anne worked
ning him into a ghoul and

Dominating him, then Embe to terve as her
roccessor when a rumored power vacuum in Baltimore
appeared to he an opportunity. Chas missed his family, bat

Anne taught him how to release his artistic vision, and for

‘Chae, the poignant poi scaity of elegans

dream come true. He would hive been bay

longer ignore the rest of the World of Darkness. He

adeephatred ofthe Sabbacund he

minions tobe che worst type of

political

someone less competent
Anne Hyar:

Nature: Architect

puostnikeagalemt te
eaken, Dorfin
nntifex. Once that happen
Gangrel and new Tremere in

Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1952
Apparent Ay
Physieale Serungels 2, Destority 3, Stasmina 2
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wies 3
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness?

Inimatation 3,

Skills: Drive {, Eriquette 4, Firearm
Repwir 1, Stealth 1

adership Z

Chapter Four: The Datnn


"ompurter 1, Finance t, Investigation 1, Lin-
atics 1, Oceule 4, Polithes 4

Disciplinest Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Influesice 1, Mentor 5
Resources 4, Rettiners 4, Status 4

Self-Coneral 4, Courage 4

Virtues: Conscience

had always seen visions of a beautiful woman,
hhis muse, wher he was truly inspited. This muse taught him
how to weave the music that touched the heats of hi
ane passes, Chas has begun tosuspect that he
e Orveau, a French,
ns to Arcadia ind the Fey. He isn't
player bir, but if it'e vo destroy

1, then Chas doesn't mind

audience.

Anangelic-looking young man with

oss his shoulder,

ond hair
has ridiates an aura of
it contrasts with his prctty-boy appear
Roleplaying Hints: Speak wltly, ani only when you know
whatyouraresaying-Playon the idea that other Toreader are

ny but yuntte if Draw oat others
try roearn their trust. Only then will you know if they can

cone of th

Havens Chas maintains nn apa
and & townhouse near DuPont Cxree:

in Adamns-Morgan

Secrets: B.

Influence: Despite hix neonate status, Chas is the most
prominent Toreador in the city. Politically he has ignored
the nanonal government and concentrated on building a

ver of low-lewel contacts ib the city bureaucricy. Ch
etous contacts throughout the urstie commu

nities in Washington, D.C

Angelique Stravinsky

Born in Russia before the Revolution
for the ballet.

ngelique lived

hopes of inspiring her to dance, and of
ish with the Tsurist society, where French was the
iguage of court, Angelique wasfond of saying that beyond

re was nothing. She performed at the
then the Bolsho.

Kirov and

During the Russian Revolution, she lost everything
ge wos destroyed, her family died fighting
aeainst the Reds and she finally lost her life. A Russian
inl her during the fighting between the Red
Armies, and he decided that she deserved
ey fled 10 Washington; DC:

vediately accepted her
‘hich

ought several purges. When

4 White

presents! hersal Tenner
Prince, always looking for allies, i
Angelique developed a ford

helped co keep her alive

Prinice Vitel took
speak in favor of his
were in love,

jer thvciny, she wie the fist Toreador
1. She believes that he and Marista
lespite all evidence to the ca
led her wire, She went ints
nn exptriate's poetry
eminds her of the hated

Then a Sabluie puck
hiding, only resurfacing when she met th
‘Van Dorn (helow), The South A
softens her heurt, though he ofter
communists with his theforic. Sheand Pierer are lovers and
she wants to take him for « hushand. Path clans appe
the relationship, though both Chas V
Dorfman wateh thems caredully. She still enjoys flirting with
‘mortals and other vampites

Angelique sone of the most influential harpies in the
ashe often spends her evenings in Elysium. The only

we that pRevent fading clan Toreador lit
‘Woshington are hor ti ere and the vears she

spent in hiding

Demeanor:

Generatic

Embrace: 1919

Apparent A\

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stanin

Social: Charis prearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wins 3

4, Manipulation 3,

Talents: Acting.4, Aleriness2, Arhletics5, Brawl 2, Dea

Empathy 4, Subterfuge +

Skills: Drive 1, Briquerte 4, Melee 2, Music 4,
utvival 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Pinay

Linguistics 3, Medicine 1,0

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celenty 5, Domini


Backgrounds: Allie
Vierwess(

msctence 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 5
linage: Angelique has long golden hair thar cascades down
Her eyes an
for

‘kin bis sion rather th
iindeanh, Ske walks with the grace
dons

Roleplaying Hints: You like wo senile und gam:
slot without sivine much. You want to 1
juand. You love Pieter with all of your
Cynthia Black

and believe in
op your
but his polirics
doughre:
and consider hera rival for the vampire wha
ternal passion:
Havent An apammenc near the Kennedy Center and an
partment on Connecticut Avene neat Rock Creek Park
Secrerst B
Influence: Ange t weightofany
Toreador in the city, and she's almost accepted as an equal
hy the Veritue and Tremere of D.C

Rachel Evans

younger Kindred in the city,
Rachel had u promising career in music. She was a child

r'avoice eariesthe m

of instrusnents and the voice of a
Il down the
when she
nily disowned her, and

Hf uhe city. Richie!
hangec-on at bars and a part-time singer for n
hunch of death metal hands, Finally, she came to the
tention of Chas Voyager one night asshe was about to
five ical! up with a mix of about 5€ of her favorite pill

nightingale. Thea, she flushed it nilet, er

Injected it into her veins ine involved

with D.C" drug culture. F

For Rachel, Embmce was salvation. Chas took herin
life. He helped hier to
oy bier like an artist

mined to never look back on her

sna gave her back her spitit and by
remember why she loved music, trea

tnd a friend: She was:

former life of misery und depression.

ed some of hee old
vet, Daviil Wells, who was
tote than happy 10 lee her teed from hin, What she
didn't know was that the Setites had given David an
experimental, highly addictive mix of ypecial drugs, She
in his bi
forgotten cravings rerummed. Though she tried to sate
m DCs
contacted her

she desires,
i eonttol Rachel forever. Or at least for as

However, Rachel recently vi
haunts, and found an ex

these cravings, none of the designer drugs
itreets will satisfy het. The Setites hav
through al a
they hope

they give her why

(One reason why the Serite seek hee
rumor that the harpies whisper in the balls of Elys

Rachel Evans sec
a teae to the fae

mnplishel the unpovsihle —
# Marcus Vitel with cine of he ianp
Siro: Ch

Naturet Visi

Demeanoe: Gallant
Generation: | 1th,
Embrace: 19

Apparent Age: 22
Phystoal: Steenyth 2, Dex , Stamina
Socials Charisma 5, Manipularion 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wite 2

Tilents: Alertnest 1, Athletics 2, Bent 1, Dod
Empathy 4, intimidation 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge |
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive
Stealth |

Eriquette 3, Firearms

Muric 5, Repair 2
owledges: Computer |, Investigation

tics2, Medicine 1, Occult |

1, Celerity 1, Preserice

ner 1, Status 3, Rewiirce

Zonscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Disciplines: A\
Backgrounds: Ret
Virtues:
Humanity: §
Willpower: 5

Image: Rachel

build. She'sabout 56 ur,
aleather juck

to put on a fashionable dee

Tshirt and
‘When she's visiting Elysium, she takes time
J life asa morral, bur
ain, You don't
kknow abour the Setites plan to use you. You like hi

Roleplaying Hints: You miss your w

you abo fear becoming a shave to drug


the Prince, but hoth ye

ell Bloc Bound you and make you into one of
aughters, You are very eaut
imast to the point

us when meeting neonates,
f paranoia, but you try tobe frienaly wt
Haven: Like most D.C
ferent havens
partment near 1

‘deed, Rachel maintiia a few
Tikes to spend her

tit, elise to, Chas

eron MacArthur

special safe haven in northeast hy th

Boulevard.
Secrets: (
Influence: Rachel has several friends in metal bands around
Washington. She alo has a number of allies among the

Wayland Smith (Rene Adier)
lls, would-be Mafiosos,
ckly learned some of Raph's

Downs. En
family
cl by his wari

inated him

anworted ne'er-de
set rabble {was Raphael
highly: talented
inseparable, and Rene
trick

18 tonk him teva local
cian, Rene
some experienice himself with ste

was 16, his pa
way entranced, al:
hough havin
sce through several o
Adlets w
talking t

the trick:
and Rene
the magician, Locke Grant.
In the course of the conversation, Grant offered to take
Rene ant. Reno's parents ngreed, with the
After graduation,

vali mpeowed
Rene went to work for Grant full time

Eventually, Rene began an act ofhisown, with Raphael

its, Rene quickly guined populasisy on the local clu
me night, after astellar

dd by a trio of mu

were going well, unt
ne par was confron a
the ateah laheation, the

unwelcome intrusion upocs a night of

combination ofall thtee, som
Rene wsnap, He urtacked, erat

ation, jure
ingcaused
a gan from the nearest
‘mugger nd firing repeatedly at the thtee men. After the
dust had settled, Ralph and Rene had three dead muggers
their hands. The two fled in a panic, and Rene Adler, now
known as Wayland Stnith, quite suddenly left New York on
stented ter
Wayland Smith eventually settle
anid established himself on the

in Washington
weal club scene. He even
avestor to help him open his own

try his luck with « myster

Wayland dee

beauty 4 se for her,

a promising start. Unforty

clit ter chat (ar

ond the lady,
smaitch for

lique. He conjured ar
and the even
nately, as the «
anarch accosted them. Wayland tried tode
Unfortunately, f

feed), an

an opponent with Potence
The anarch beoke Wayland's neck before could
Angelique we Dominate to drive the attacker off. She
couldn't bear t Igt her gallant defender die, so she E
braced the stage musician, then removed the memory
nightfrom his mind. Actingas thou
see fellow Toreador in dsteess, Ay
Prince, A number of Kindeed
thar Angelique is his sire,
this violation of the T
and Pieter stay lone, eh

1 were surprised to
que took hie ta the

yg Wayland, suspect
at the Prince

tions Undoubtedly, i
ince may deekd

chooses t9 ignore
Angelique
oy use his
Many Toreador elders from outside the city opealy
disdain the Toreador stage: mayickan, despite the face thu
Wayland conducts himself with style and flair at ch
meetings. Ruphuel, now a ghout, remains Wayland' con:
stant conpint

2 and bodyguard

secret which he hides from
Afterhe mundere
gods WY

caltared stage magician wich che English

Wayland hs a persnal
evervone — his split personality
muggers. two distinct personalities em
the suave

and Rene, the rough, murderous kie! from che
New York. Rene only emerges when Wayland

bur he stays in conto] fora wh

ridesa tre after the
frenzy ends. When Angelique used her Domine, she
erased Wayland's memory, but Rene knows exactly wh

his site is


ne Stravinsky

Nature: Survivor

Demeanors Hon Vivant

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1991

Apparent Ayes 29

Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Seamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mentalt Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

‘Talento: Actiny:3, Alera 2, Attietics 1, Brae 5, ox 3,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 3

Skills Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Music 1,
Repair, Security 5. Stealth 3

Knowledgest Bureaucracy 1, Computer l, Finance, Inves
tigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Medicine 1, Occult 2,
Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacty 2, Influence 1, Fame 1,
Herd 2, Resources 3, Retainers 1, Status |

Virtues: Conscience 4, Selé Control 3, Courage $

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 6

Images Warland has hlack hie which falls to his shoulers
anid neal black eyes: Notoriously well-yroomed, he alays
dressesin the latest fashions. He's tall fellow, around 6°3",
ad in gent physical shape.

Roleplaying Hints: Youspesk with uatight English accv0t,
ulthough mostly just for show. You know about Rene, and
‘you hope the world never discovers your secret. You are
beginning, 10 desire power and protection in this world of
vampires, hur you're not quite sure wherw to hey. Part of
you longs to aid Razor and the anarchs — but you don't
know if that's Wayland or Rene.

Haven: The Black Magic Club in Georgetown
Bana

Influences Wayland has more than a few connections with
club owners in Georgetown, He also has yore ie with the
city bureaueraey, mainly from paying off health and salery
department workers, as well as giving prominent ety off-
clals VIP treatment at the club.

Chapter Four: The Damned


TREMFRE

For ment of Washington 1
dominated events. Prince Matis
J Beujah

shiseory, Clan Tremere
wuunaneuvered
Vente, Tateadar pallengers to het power
Although
herabilire

lders of the clan respected
Meerlinda never fail ro remind Peter Dorfman,
Washington Chantry and Pontifex of the
he becomes Prince of Wass

wrtant as Maris wa

‘eto taunt himn, though. Peter Doefman will
mere are divided. Although they appear

asiders kawow

lotring war again

nning his own Cha

their own plans w replace

© unified front, must
Yorfnan spends more tin
em Pontifex, Powell,
the members of th
finan, Even if the Tremere Chantry had the power
throw the Prince (ars it m nin the ranks

kd probably doom

Pontifex Peter Doriman

atcempe

‘eter Dorlman, Tremere

J States' politics, would be
The ability of Marcus Vieel to rerain
¥ gnaws ae Dortman. He believes in contra

vlisputed Prince
robot hi

Ae believes th
Dorfman has one
entire Tremere clan,
tics in the United States and Canada. The unceopeen:

we of Powell, Western United

nd Dofinan's ¢ power in his home

and be hashecome
a force ethers to his

political minds én the

and formerly was in charge of ull

inability to se
rminished his ya

xed with gainin,

Dorf al asvers in Washington, including

o35 to world's best libraries on the ce

cand
‘The Tremece in his Chantry are aunonge the finest members
the clan, hand picked! b

stillother force

Doetman for their political
anayetodeter hin on every

The Technoctacy, u group of powerful mages, guards
rypinization called the New World
n't pase without one of their agen

mien withan
marth
Xorfirun manage to hve several of them killed a few years

back with an attack on the CIA headquarters in Langley

their Che
od its sn
pulate national ps

Virginia. Deypie his efforts  sluuc dow

the New Worl
hampering his efiorts wo mar

Onder continues to sp

|. agence is try conte
nt that will expand its wold

Dodfiman's. primary polit

ony United States govern
¥

10 business. He hopes event

influence and make inroad
tually iodi
Much to the Po
agenda and efter callsto complitnent the Pontifex

ate worldevenesfrom the Washington Chas
ifex's permit annoyance, the Pr
sharesh
on his e
Pecer Dorfman « erous tnaggical teas wt all
times; andl protect him from A
Presence and other forces. He is nevet without retaine
vwumlly ghouls who worked for the Secret Service. Th
Pontifex alsa
Nearly a third of the polit
acingg in Washirytion, D.C or indivectly
belong to Peter Dorfman. The majority of fundsthey collect
2 co him. The rest eupport candidates in offi

allowing
cither through these PACs, throug

Despi with Prince Vi
fines the chal hile political foe rete

D.C. by Night


wuld not support a Juaticar becoming involved in D.C
asi, unless it was the delusional Ant Morgan. Whatever
We outcome af the power struggles in Washington, D.C.

aivintendsto have them settled by forces within

Demeanor: Manipulace
Generation: 71h
Embrace: 17
Apparent Age: 38

erctyth 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Physical:
Social: Chacisin
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence

Appearance 4
Wis
MB
5, Sulerfnge
5, Melee 4, Music 3,

4, Manipulation ¢

puter 3, Finance, Inve
5, Medicine 2, Occult 4,

6, Science |

Disciplines: Aispe

Thuxamatungy 5 (Lure of Flames §, Movement of the Mind 4
Weather Control 4, Spirit 5)

Backgrounds: Allis 6, Contacts 6, Influence 6, Fame 1
Vistuest Conscience 5, SelfContenl 5; Cont

Humanity:

rivalry with Powell comes from

9 large number of Allies from within the
 Dorfinan dresses immaculately. Most of his

f Tel
cll ann

wialty item), He'
674" anal with v decor bud F
thinning shore blond hair,
rick, enchar

je alway
of wards

ked with
with a variety

eplaying Hints: Youre
Never: lise: the whether strategic

sca Every pam

tactical or
need for
aril few peers beyond
Above all else,

se] and

ake chan

i uncilar Meet

Havent He has several havens throughout the city, The

Influences Peter Doiiman'
There are few Kindred with greater
events. Hi

when he m
strongest allies

influence spans contine
et toatect
demonstrated the extent of hi

to remove @ number of the mage

Regent Helena Taylor

Tremere,

being part of CL {elena is one of
nity inn Woshington, D.C. A leader of the city's haryies,
> Elysium forthe Prince

Helena rakes care of lange section
Shealso manages affairs of the(
1llmaintains police won
ress with dark ha

nantry for the Pontifex, and
heN Abewitching

and emerald eyes, alt

enchas every
ane ith
Norton of the Malkavian

Helena advocates stron ties tohurnanity

nd manyof

mntifex. A few

Don's views on politics und because

affected het considerab
i
yerade in Washington.
he NSA, and she boldaa posit
Company as «| prominent le

vist. Her favorite prey
senators und con

Helena base

f Herm

Trevor Barton, has

a member of a sect of the Order Nowy ane

f her cabal, her ap
come to W
Trevor

chington,
nside Washington,
gh do to hin if they discovered
uncertain of how she teelsabout Trevor, and the thought of

im her. She knows that
ass wh.

Jim worties her

Chapter Four: The Dane


Sires Jack Weston
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Plotter
Generation: 91h
Embrace: 1938
Apparen!
Physical: Serength 2, Loxterity 3, Stamina
: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Actine4, Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Bousd 2, Dackge 3
5, Intimidation 5, Leadership 5, Subeerfuge 4
rive 2, Etiquette 4, Melee I, Music
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Cs
5, Ling

1€5, Presence |, Protean 4,
1 of the Mind 5, Lure of

mes 4, Weather Control 3, Coajuring 1)

Backgrounds Allies 3, Contacts5, Influence 4, Recauces§,

Retinen 5

Virtues: Consciene

Hamanity: S

Willpower: 5

5; Sell-Control 5, Civitnge

Image: He
hair and deen ercen eves. She's 5

na isan iwory-skinned beaury with thick black
and lovesta wear long
heels. She deives a hack Jaguar and has
Roleplaying Hi

feathiets ard

ul strive to
vill suff your
url ys, your will pretend

that i dovsn' Your way onit of stuue
Havent Hote

Northeast D.C

Influence: Helena di
through Retainers and progeny, sh

4 many of Getlin's affairs and
has considerable infly
ence in many poli anizations, including those
NSA. Her
# inthuence isthe Liheury of Congress. Adu

wwolved in the dangerous game of watching th
main sphere

Cotta Rose

(Or account of bis natural talent for capturing atten

tion, sete Kindred have said that Cohes Rose would be a

imoge
rand debonair, Cohn Rae

member of the f worea Toreador. Suave
mublic relations aan of
alwayscomes offas he's interrupting

tnake time to talk to ah

ifonly

the bes
2 busy schedule just 0
happens tc

he meeting with. No matter whut proble

arise, Cohn's attitude is nonchalant, In many respects, it

seetns like the world ia stage far
the pate of lending man.

Ronse plays the piano like a v and fhe has. fine
appreciation forart. Hespends nearly every night in Elysium,
with such norablesasGle
land Monica Black has

Word enneirveallyflieseheenig

thn Rowe, and be landed

will send Colin 16 tal

establish him as regent

ll city 9
Jhanitry. Sone sry Cohn' lang
at Vani Den.

iver as prince

standingrivaley with P kept hit
fhe may be theemly

Pete's relationship with Angeliqu

Seravinaky fall

Sire: Helena Tayloe

Nature: Peal

Apparent Age
Physical: Strength 2, Degterity 3, Stuming

1, Dine?

ubcerfuge 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy
Law 1, Lieyguistics 1, Gecult 4,

. Finance , Investigation 3,
licies 4
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Domina

Thaumanirgy 4 (Moversent of the M

nd: Allies 3, Fame 1, Herd 3,
» 3, Status 3

influence 1, Re


Husanity: 7
Willpower: 6
Image: Like most Tremere, Cab adheres «© the DC
socialite dress coxles preferring expensive nuitsand tuxedon
Cohn is fond driving around town ina bullet-proof limou:
fine, courtesy of a limo service that he owns as a side
business. He gets invited to all the right parties by all the
right mortals, who assume thar he's independently wealthy
and continually ask him if he's planaing to run for office
omewhere. He has dark hair, bright blue eves and a natu
rally pile complexion, He always wears a cose in his lapel
Roleplaying Hints: Stay cool, calm, and collected in any
situation, whether it bea restaurant serving you the wrong
wincora Garouartack. Alwaystake the time to make every
peren who talks ca you feel important. and never waste an
opportunity to taunt o¢ disparage Pteter Vani Doen,
Havent Several. Cohn prefers his secluded brick house in
MeLean, Virgina, but spends most of his days in his condo:
js on Massachusetts Avenue near the Maryland

Cohn his his hand in alm:
Washlington, D.C, but i takes some ne fi
his rescutces.

Pieter van Dorn
Peter's origina have bees tnsteunactal shay no
personalicy. Born in South Africa in 1945, Pieter watched
hishomeland slowly rom apart as apartheid shifted from

{cs conion to an offal goverment ply. He a
save his ith
paths cowed wife and increasingly vebelioa soe So Pte
began tofightthe system, both ta save the land he lovedand
to destroy the man he hated.
During his years an college, Pieter beyan co secs
Poetry became 8 weapon for his raged ashield for isfeans
his fear chat he would become another white overlord,
ike his father. Public reaction to his firs collection, The
Barniny: Time, made him the darling of the growing ant
jovement. As his fame grew, so did th
government's hatred of him. He was invited to America to
doa book tour, and he jamped ar the chance; the moment
he stepped onto the tarmac at Luules im 1700, the Sou
‘Aftican government pulled his vise and passport, leaving
him a stateless exile, Forbidden to return co the land he
loved, he began to drift aimlessly through the boheri
culture of D.C. carrying on in the tradition of his rebellious
past
His "fame" in DLC. (such as it eas) drew the attention
of othee autocratic groups, such asthe FBI and the T
In one of its dark councils, the fatter, for reasons thae are
unfathomable, decides to Embrace Pieter van Dorn, Wasit
tostopa potential rebel from being Embraced by the Brujalt
othe anarchs! Did they recognise his interest in the occult

and his latent power! Perhaps one amony the Tremere
hierarchy believed in his cause; or mnaytye they j
ike his existence miserable, Pieter has
A. All he knows is

4s ever the same

to decide thar the C
specifically, were 10
exiled him. He began to plor their
He now has contacts with the anarchs arid with the
163, whom he sees.asan oppressed minor
For their part, the Setites view Pieter as a pawn ca be
cused for their purpows. He has become the toket
the Tremere, tolerated so long as he 1s ha
elisuinated if he b
nately foe hint, P
Pietertenids tobe susp the "estab:
lishment" (any vampire whois beer ini D.C. toa borg) bat

inneedothis

iberal in
-coties too powerful a force, Uniortw
bs beginning to goin in pw
lous and resentful
to newcomer, both
theirwefulness and to peotece them from other, more
os manipulators. He maintains a friendly rivalry
with Cohn Rose: his lacest coup was to steul Angliqh
Stravinsky from Cobn, and now hehas now fallen deeply in
love with
Pieter'sonly real friends are Steve Norton and T
Prester, his fellow "Archons
rust mm Are Morgan,

abitha

He gives small measure
and became sn "A¢chon"
invof protection

s"Justica
only because tt providesa mandi
owen big mouth, Pieter
BC, arn

tnt (and unnecessary) cane

sc his

gos tall of the tight night spots of

essed inan expensive uit and his omnipres
Afterall
revolutionary histo dessin tags,


Sire: Helenw Taylor
Nature: Archieect

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 10h

Embrace: 1975

Apparent Age: 30

Physicals Stenjoh 2, Dexterity 2, Staraina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Intimidation 2,
Lendenip 2, Subvertuge 4

‘Skills: Eriquette 3, Music 2
Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Oteult 4, Ps
Disciplines: Auspex 1. Dominate 2. Presence 1
Thanmarurgy 3 (Paths: Movernent of the Mind 3, Lure of
Flames 2, Weather 1)

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Fame 2, Herd 2, Influence 3,
Mentor 2, Resources 3, Retainers 1, Suanas 3

Virtues: Cometenice 4, SeltConn
Humanity: §

Willpower 6

Image: Picter tsa tall, thin blond ma

ewes well and retains » sight b

ne

Roleplaying Hints: You are u frustrated rovolucionary, a

tan williny to fighve and ie for' new tomorrow. You find
yourself crapped in the ose stratified nd ecmerlled env
tonmerie this side of Orwel: che Tremere pyromidit power
You've become a bitter, occasionally vicious, eynie. You
seck to deity the clan, and with it the whole Camarilla,

because they killed you, cum you into this morstes. Par

of you mnie romantic, though —a lover of beauty,

poetry and women, You enjoy waxing lyrically about the

dgandeur of your hometitk, the sutets over Table Moun
tain or the stars: those fixed gemstones in thenighroverthe
Kalahae

Secrets: Be

Influence: Piererhas some influence in polt

sy circles particularly the more liberal anes.
so believe in Pieter ana take his poetry to

Hans Scomiat
Hans Schmidt isan example ofone of the Kindres! whi
visits D.C reyulaely, During World Wat I, he wasone ofthe
(greatest Nazi occultits, He searched the world fir occult
easutes, hoping to aid Hitler's dreams for world donuin

tion. The Tremere Embraced Dr, Schmidr during the:

sand he has been of vital service wo the clan ever since.
‘Ovtensibly. Sclumide visits D.C te search ero dhe
aaty of Congness and the National Archives for useful
tems, Inaddition, he reports hack to Meeriindias to events
city and carries out speci

nics 4

3, Coinage 3

with Blue
i Of a South

cal and liver
ome anarchs

lan mussions involving

national and international politics. The clan sees him as
both competent an expendable

Dr. Schmidt has access to powers unknown even tohit
superioes He realized thar the Tremere were liaiting hit
abilities, quire poshly our of fear. However,
locate copies ofthe lose works ofthe Eseries during thetime
hhespent working fo the Nusis. These texts deal exclusively
with angelology and demonology,

‘With the Essene hooks, Dr. Sch
bidden arts of Dork Thaumaturgy. He keeps this secret
carefully hicklen from the other Tremore and hopes that ho
‘can gradually comupe the D.C.Chantry, starting with Cohn
Rose and Picter Van Dorn, His demonic masters whisper
‘many secrets to him, and they've promised to reward bun
‘with more power when the Chantry falls

Dy. Schiniat spends lire rine at the Crago House,
Instead, he Utkes stay either outside the city, alterna
between comfortable mansions int Maryland and Virginia,
or inside the National Archives the Libesty of Congress

fc learned the for

Sehmide tu chayvinist and an Aryan supremacist. He
ren and all minorities, He especially

Aliscoumts most ws
haves the Noserats
Le Schunide has formed his vin cults the Follows
the Body of God, with mortal membersall around the workd.
‘Several of hit followersare ghouls, and many of the rest serve

ansscrifces to his Durk Lords.

Siest Masgnerite Vins

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Loner

‘Generation: [Ich

Embrace: 1940

Apparent Ages 38

Physicals Stengsh 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Gecials Charis 2; Senipulation 4, Appeniicn |


‘Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wiss 3
Talents: Acting , Alertness 3, Doxige 2, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive t, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1,
Melee 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledgess Buremcracy 3, Finance |, Investigation 5,
Law 3. Linenisties 4, Medicine 3, Qecule 5, Polities 4,
Selence 2

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 3,
Thaumiturgy4 (Paths: Lure of Flame 3, Dork Thaumatungy 3,
Blemental Mastery ?, Maverent of the Mind 1)
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Fame 1. Herd 5, Influence 3,
Resources 3, Retainers 5

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 4, Morte 5

Path of Evil Revelations: 2

Willpower: 7

mage: De. Schmidt is a clean-shaven gray-haired man,

aluut 5°4° tall, He wears plases and a husiness sui except

when performing rituals. He speaks with a slight German

accent

Roleplaying Hints: Youdon'r trust anyone. Letnoone near

You! Hfsomeone lear something about you, kill them. All
Mt matters are your masters. If you serve them well, then

oi willbe rewaie In kid

Haven: De-Schmidt tavelsextensively but keepshistain

haven in Vienna, The clan keeps two mansions for him

around DC.

Secrets: D

Tnfluencet Schmit' influence 4» weak, spread as it ts

throughout the world. Still, there ino telling what he has

up hissleewe.


Venteue

‘eral members of the clan respect Prince Marcus Vitel and years of practice in preparing defenses.

bokd him asan es of the finest type of Ventrue. Other Dortans Adama ax his very exist

ot quite righ Prince, whom i] had discovered this in time co warn Prince Maria. He
Sabhur in cheek and successfully put the Tres doesn't dare to breatheat thisknowledye townyone, because
hat only three members of the clan left alive in Washing: ing to Final Death.

im us dethrone Mare peat

yymares and send messeriers Canale Adims

Some oklet Ventrue who visit the city dislike the Recently, they've insisted th

meeting of the Prince's primoge E tion, but so fas, Adams ha
my like some sort of concession tounarchs, although they steby necessary

pyweclate the fact that the Ventrue have Dihisin Adants oa Af the i scracitvg

age members of his clan from coming further his stereotypically

because of the terriblesavagery of Garvan atatracks, ; firs Nowever, yea

Dorian Adams playing the deran,

‘begun co wear upcin his sanity

Few Kindrod play the game as well as Dorian Ad:
Known to most as the "Old Bat of Washington," Dorian
smacehully stepped aside as head of Clan Ventrie when
Mateus Vitel came to the eity, When Vite! became Prince
Doris smoothly remerved himself from city politics and
reticed to his castle out in the Maryland suburbs, between Embrace: 1701
‘Woshington and Annapolis:

The elders of Washingron say that Dorian' Adams t
derurygedl, madder than a Malkavian. When the Prince

Thomas Carlyle

equists hispresence, Dorin Adansartivesplaying the rile
fa cinematic vampire to the hilt, He sweeps inside with his
black capeandeven speaks witha bad American impression

a Rumanian ace

an Adame wewrive the Prince enone sluts Potcr

inonly known, lies hides
esa dirt through Maryland foresthand.
is towersand gargoyles lend the place an intensely Gothic
wura. The defenses of the castle are teputedly i
fears ago, several Sabbut packs stormed the
managed tobresk in. Nonewere everseen agnin. Thee
of Washingron generally refusu 10 viit the castle, alehough
Dorian isquick to offer invitations whenever he appears i
public. The truth about Castle: Ackums i that it sin mage of
+ comridurs, high-tech security systems and magical

by Night


Apparent Ayer
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social:
Talents: Acting 5, Alerunes 5, Athletics 1, Beawl 3, Daxed,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Subterfuye 5
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Eriquette4, Melee 4, Maske 4, Repu
Security 4, Stealth 5, Survival 4

Law 1, Linguistics 1, Occult 5, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex
Backgrounds:
Virtues: Conse
Ham

na 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

clligence 4, Wits 5

ty 2. Dexminated,
weence 2, Protean 4, Presence 4
ies 3, Resources 4, Retainers 1, Status 4
nce 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Image: Dorian Adama drewes.asn etnetn
\ weeping rel linet bl

vampice, with
cape and old-atyle rv
a very tall, thin nan, standing about 6°

fo. He is
Roleplaying Hints: Don't rust anyone outside the walls of
our castle Play Bela Lugosi no matter what happens. Wgou
aretculy threatened, then unleash ju

to keep yourself ai

envugliof your powet

Haven: Castle Adan, somewlre in Maryland
Secrets: A

oe Wasinygton, D.C. Thuis is prob
bly why he stuyy ative, Castle Adams o no. However
Dorian betiever chathe cauld regain influence quickly ifthe

Dr. Edward Walker

Bencath his kindly exterio, Dr. Waller is one of the
n, D.C. during the Cail War, full of dealisn and
velp win the w
th up wounded soldiers und get the

the frant lines or home ta their famibies a6

weiter Clan Verte

As the war progressed, Washington became a etty of
sicknew and death, ws temporary hospitals were setup all
The fantasticamounof human suffering all
fuacter how talented he ny young lads he
brought buck from death's door, the piles of corpaes cu
tued to grow. His ideoliam faded even as v

‘Waller wos one of the elty's most celebrated physicians

Slowly, however, he was growing to rese

the coune he had choven for his life. Lincoln's
tire. Dr. Walker h

pacient (6 se before his planned departure, however: Mr

DavidCase,an influential gove

erly suffered frou rare blood cise

to desp
death war the spark he needs
ment insider, who wippos-

e- In veality, Case was

rue with plane to unseat Price Marist He
aces! Walker with the hope that the well-nown

doctor would he able toprowide him with ace

‘of kmportant oficial,

umber

(Case's uprising failed miserably, und Marissa herself
ly incinerated him. But Dr. Walker was successful
ing hiscase « Prince Marissa, an

Round hinvrathershan erasing him ous forth

we merely Blood
Though he served her adequately durtye het rei, Dr.
Walker really came into his own after her destruction
Since 1968, De. Walker hus expanded his sphere of
tnfluenes considerably, He now controls many of the tetiec
and nursing homes in the ILC. metry ates, These
prime feeding grounds, for deaths gi practically uno.
ed, and certainly unquestioned, He
trying to heal the sick; now, the dy

st his lifetime
make his immortal
existence less painful, Dy, Walker may only feed on the old
nnd the infirm,

Sire: David Case

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Cat

Generation: 8h

Embrace: 1866

‘Apparent Age: 50

Physical: Srength 3, Dexterity 4, Suunina 3

Social 3, Manipulation 4, Appe

Mentals Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
cing 4, Alesmess 2, Empathy 3, Laeimidacior
p 1, Subverfuge 5

Repnir |
Knowledges: Hureauiaey 3, Comper
Medicine 4, Occult 5, Polities 3, Science 2

Chapter Four: The Damned


Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 5, Fortitude 3,
Necromancy 3, Potence 2; Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts3, Resources 5, Retainers,

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Willnowert 7
Image: Dr. Walker is bald except fora few wisps of ray hit
which he yreases down to his scalp. He wears thick glaives
and walks with a cane. He's only abut 5°5* and he prefers
Roleplaying Hints: You present yourself as the authotita-
tive doctor, the man who's read every meslical text ever
written, You rarely deals with Kindred society, wanting
part of the posturing anu politi.
Havens Dr, Walker spends his days in the basement of one
homes.
Influence: Edward Walker has some pull in the medical
his elderly pavientste
» developed
thor ehern and to him.

community, and he's willing to
achieve his ewisted ends, He huts a
1, whic is of bene'

Gino Manitelli

Ducing the 20s and 30s, Washington, D.C. attracted a
ideal of rob attention. The government took w moe
Inn everylay lite, making decisions that

tothe

ced businewes and unions and setting prohibition in

place. J. Eulgnr Hoover took over the FBL Iewasalso in these
Jays thacsoine New York crime bosses sent Gino Manitellt
to Washington, LC, to help straighren a few things out

Gino was bit rough arourid dhe edges when he started!
his career, but he had a good bloodline, Mary Singer, a local
Ventmie elderand one of the city's more prominent women,
noticed him, and decised that a progeny from outside the
city whe knew haw to use a gun might be useful, especially
for combating Giovanni incursions into che nation's cap
grant Mary her boon, and the

itelli was suckered into

J. Mary has lone been ashes and

there's a new Prince running the big show. Manitelli was

in the wind with Prince Vitel's

Marcusas head of clan

imas the new Prince
Besides, Gino gora kick out of hav

arrival. He was the first to recogn
Ventrueand the first woicknowledge
of Washington, D.C
an Htalian prince.
Unfortunately, the Sabbar be;
Jeavors. Aiter encugh af hisplanshad heen i
Gino had risked the Masquerade with his fren

wrlty and bece

1 to targer Git

1nd he bas profited immensely fr
relationship to Marcus ci
Black actually laughe
things very seriously

the Prince's rei

ies yanyster's relationship
xchange, Cynthia
loud, However, Gin takes theve
Gitto even has « ghoul ido: who does all hi
dirty work. Once u reserve lineman for the Washington
Reatsking hs been Blood Bound and Dominated

und is now a perfect tool for Gino's purposes,

Demeanor: Confortni
Generation: 11th
Embrace: 1952
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina §

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental Perce
‘Talents: Actiny

Empathy 2, Intimidation

is 3, Brawl 3, Doge 3
, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4,

Skills: Drive 3. Eriquerte 3. Birearms 4, Melee 3, Music 2,
Security 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Lin:
ulsties 1, Oceulr 3, Polities 3

Disciplinest Dominate 3, Celerity2, Fortitude 5, Potcnce?,
Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Cont
Retainers 5, Starus 3
Virtues:

Humanity: 5

2, Influence, Resour

Zonscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage §


Fmage: Gino 1s 9 good-lookei
suits that are stightly

‘man who typie
less tasteful modem Americans. He has hlack
hai, but és never without a hats Although Gi
ally beside him, stand ind the monstrous hon is
Roleplaying Hintss You ye
vou believe in atrempeing
boing mote drastic

with Nowy
reason with people
sppnovch. Ifa Kindre's willing to

lfsheiun'r, then you'll have tomakean example of her. Your

favorite method isto break he nuff her in
a box and rail hee b
Havent Gini has « ie i sot DAC. He ab
hay safe houses in Alexandria und up near Friendship
Heights in Northeast. Gino generally stays wherever the
Prince wants him to be

nto tiny pieces

Secrets: (
Influence: Manitelli has some ties with organized crime

in the city, and also has his hand in international

ping, One of his goals sto legalize garabling within the
F se tsa gun-smaggling
operation. He hus pawnsthtoughout the a

ling a few in the DEA.

Karina Dobson

largest criminal enter
‘law enfor

commodity in the 20¢h Century is
Information, and Karina Dobson provides Marcus: Virel
with all chat she can gaeher, Trained as an investigator for
the Department Karina can erate a peison's
ibe knows all the tools of her
lagers co Ht
to tum any telephone
process of ing fiber optics tor spy)
peas to break ince al

way. When w mortal
an have therm legally killed (issued

comtifie with a simple relephone call.
Kérinaahocontzlsane ofthe Pic's rakt important
nation's capital, ancl afer the wildest ni

Force tea uls can deal with any menace, supertatu:

Ay test, hey ma

ing s Blood Bound to the Prince, but with the

powerhe gives her, she'd probably seay loyal to him even if
orpear every week. As it stands, she has

19 to aaintaining the n
h Karin may be Marcu

asret, noncof the Kindred are fully nar

most portant
the depth of her

andl that's exactly how Karina likes i Even he
sire stumbled ntally, and the Prinee pur
Dob

resources
oss her acc
ppovely limirs contact between Gino an

Karina can only fe
often visits the Peanag

Sire: Gino Maticelli

J fre milicary

nan the Betheses Naval Hospital

ration: 12th
Embrace: 1973
Apparat A\
Physical S
Hligence 5, Wits 4
4, Athletics 3, Bl 1. Desh
Leadership 4,

Mental: Perception 5, In
Talents
Ena
Subterf
Skills Drive 3, Briquette
Melee 2, Repair 5, Security 5, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges:
rigation 5, Law 3, Linguistic
Disciplines: Dominate 3, Hottinude 1, Presence |
Backgrounds: Allles 5, Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 4
Military Foree 4, Retainers 5, F

Virtues
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 6

Alene
vilations Streetwise
Firearms 3
jureaucrncy 5, Computer 3, Finance 2, tne
2, Medicine 3, Occult

insclence 5, Self-C

Image: Karina isonly'5°2", with shore beowwn hair, sof
evesaand glactos. In life

ruther fit. She always seems pleased, as though she
wecret that
drives a je


Roleplaying Hints: Forget about the eklers. You are the
Prince's right-hand person. You find out everything he
‘needs toknowand your word unleashes hisdeadliest weapon,
Ie gives you an uit of self-importance which iritntes mnt
res, but you love how ignorant these wnelent
folly te ubout miexlern technology. You try to avoid other
Kindred, however, because the Prince prefers ie that way

othe vat

Haven: Karina hus an empty office beneath the Pentagon
which she habits frequently. Hee ocher primary haven, an

‘partment in Rockville, Maryland, ison the other side ofthe
Disteie.

Secrets: A -

Influence: Karina has a great deal of influence throughout
‘most governmental records divisions.


Followers of Set

Waste heseverywhere- Unfortu — Embrace
anely or the Camacilla, ales a templeuned by the Apparent Aget 26
Sette, hidden in the lange sewer necworks hencith North- Physicals Stren

Talents: Ac
Empathy 4,

The Setites contsol much of the lucrative drug tra
hile they try ro remain ficken from the watchtul ey
nce am fis minions, conflict (6 fst approaching
honils run man

Skills: Animal Kea §, Drive 1, Bulquet teal
Survwwal 4

Setites constantly visie the city and Serit

W the cays ultraprofitable drug markets.

Knowledgen: Fintrvee2, fnvestigthin $, Law 2) Linguls

Rayenna (Iris DuMont) Medicine 1, Occult 4, Polit

# the most powerful Kindred inthe city, anil she Obfiscate 5, Presence, Serpentis 5, Thaurumtungy 2 (Ruth
pects the truth about Marcus Viel, While Rayenni doe Weather Conrral 1)
oi was Hees in th rer Ch Willpower: 5

e ‘tors, one of th
gam, preserited hu 0 Kha Asker seniber it th
lowers of Ser. Khatbist Embraced her and nl her the

Nuyioleun's trop manerted French watherity

2, Ravenna J 10) nuke her way va the: new
sed States Aker ea suk ponder tal

wevacwhite. se wrved.as  petestessat «rua

aaples, nimnipulitengher masters then temoving them,

the fallen temple in Washington, 1

he wuehd
wuntstouchieveanonhe
Demeannes Connie

Generation: i

hapter Four: The Damned


Roleplaying Hints: Everyone s coeruprible. Became the
friend, Help others. Doall

myome. Then, when the time is

right, crust theie heart
Have ol inthe sew
alsindonied building tx Noethease D.C
Secrets: B
Influencer St

and suis
ms heneth

he Temple of Set, oe

enntroli a number of Washington, D.C.

rug uankety andl the noncly compering with

the legendary f

otfor the hearts and minds of ee anarchy,

She his ulvo povid off a number of the clty's leading vice

Jacque Amyzial

Born in Haiti, Jdcaue prew toa raweeine be
4 developed the hand ropy: musculature
Jahorer, Given histerrifyingphysiqueand his
f 4 well-known,

hi of 65",
a manual
sation asthe
vl well-respected mi

keep the peace, Once

neta ety
however, he was put i. ps
ant life or death for

cord hone
hingof

fon in which hi
ured. Itgave him
3 Lace end very wel te
untenance of death. He made such judgements only

ever. He may have grown tne
|e Chriitian sermons ard wicked belt
man's disapproval. When he f

oxen the

uuthestill feared

ally murried, having at
sumer nto meet his parenty'
st days of his hfe

wal it was one of the hap

Then, just days eer his weeding, he discovered a mote

critical importance t6 the government whieh had heen
ed with his father's anne. Though lt was not his father's
dwriting, he knew that this would make
prlice whes woul

ould i

av difference to
his father's execution papers. Together he and
for their fully to escape the councry
Jcqyue went ta voodoo pelestess whom he knew to be

auilty of helping eofugees, She laughed arhieelreats butte

Jacque that she would be glad to find them a ploc
to America, All
js blood. Sh

ramlead to giv hina a tle of hee

ona boat
he wanted in return was Jacque anal hls

promised he would notdie froma it, an.
ali eetaen Mo

Lone ever wared Jacque about making deals with Setites. He
J toall the terms set fort, anal hus not ween his wife

Jace ss tll und
ny holt the bu

1g the charges he Bay

wn of their ranspoet. Because Jaccque's
ustomed bien to denying his urges,
but not all of the oth
urate. Still ve wi

ystup thelr bow

munraiged tor spare his fat

Coast Guard tre Hitbackto

Haiti —ro shame,

and se

cementand probably death, Jacsque's

uracle that the At
‘ould not destroy his son.

The elan set Jacque and his father up in Astington,
Virginia, where they could b Ravennit. The mins
A mumbers of
Adlington comtunity, but 0 one really kewsws anything

1 Jacque; Nor thar they woukd press his eharismat
futher forany set

ter bas made friends with many of the

Jucque got himself a Liason job with the D.C
lepartment,

with the de

upprsedly at i peivate investigator consulting
artrwerit on daxg shipmerits ftom Halt [a a
relatively short perio of rime, Jacque has marynged i

vsthee most rrumted enforcer i the lapest
ip in the eity

Jhcigue ds known by thie W
to be cold-hle

ld and immow
dank glasses mst uf the time: (¢ unwoted
Jeu. Joc

ut his
Joes tor like co spe, i be finds that macy
atriots view his French wecent as a alyn of

Isimadoquate roenterce gs ivicr Rumorhastrthaten
necountof te
the Light have been feelin

into the Sabin,

utture of jacee's spirituality, he Seepentsof

Sire: Calin
Nature: Brave
Demeanor: Trait
Generation: [21h
Embrace: (989

Apparent Age
Physical: Strengah 9, Dexterity

3, Stina 3
Social: Chitrisma 3, Manspuitation 2

Mental: Perce

Appeatan
. Wits 2

22, Loeliger

D.C. by Night


Vierues: Conscience 3, Sel-Contral 3, Gourage 4
Talents: Arhletics 1, Beawl 3, Dodge 1, Intimidation 4,
Streetwise 3

‘kills: [rive 2, Firearms 3, Inverrogation 5, Security 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 1, Poli-
thes?
Disciplines: Anumalisen 1, Dominate 1, Serpentis
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Influence 2, Resources 2,
Retainers |
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 8
Notes: Jacque's situation s typical of neonate Setites: The
cla. has split im apare from hiswife and put him under the
tutelage of Ravenna, and she insists that he do her every
‘Didhdinny. This iuscitle ip clay members the sort of harred that
in cum causes chem to lsh oucat the rest of the world. For
example, Jacque unwittingly heeame nddicted to erncke
Tainted blood shoerly after hisarrival in [).C. He kicked the
Jubic culd-turkey, however, when his father temarked one
night thae Jacque seemed a bit off — for te minister's
respect (s vital to his son's happiness.

His expecience with the crack addiction infuriaced
Jacque. He had what it cook to break the hibit, but the
‘knowles thatthe addicts in the alleys of Southeast DC.
vwereable ro control him filled Jacque with rage and hatte
Oncein awhile he stil arempesto go without blood, buthe
never succeeds, He just gets mean. On the rare occasions:

when his father isout of town, Jacque likes to kideap junkies
and bold them prisoner in hisbasement usil they dey ox
at which point he drinks their no-longee-tainted loo,
Image: Jacque is huge, He kept his haérerapped shat before
‘he was Embraced and appreciates the canvenience of hav:
‘ing a permanent military do. Jucque likes to wear silk
cover muscle shirts, but the blaiees never fit hit
because he lacks the tandsti paya good tailorto come to his
house at thece in the morning. Superstitious even in unlife,
Jacque always sports an assortment of religious jewelry und
talismans erases, ankhs, litle eortors bag of animal pan
tc.

Roleplaying Tips: Speak rarely and in slow, measured tones
Defer to unynne who makes an effort to be domineering you
Know how to respect authority. Feel free, however, to
menace oF murder or torture anyone you feel is of lower
social mink chan yourself. You are prone tor violence, noe
because you lack self-control bur becanse you like it. Eagerly
coffer to do everyone else's ditty wore

‘Havens A small, unassuming house in Arlington Jacque's
heart is buried ina small earthenware jar within the cement
of the garage. He has 36 other identical containers scattered

throughout ehe house t function as decors if his haven:
should ever he found.

veque is beginning to make inroads both with
the police and the Aruy-dealiny comnusition


The most powerful «

Lasombra

Jn in Washington, D.C. re on the Palatine Hil

mainshidden behind itsown Masquerade, Marcus Vitel, passion of the emightiest gh

because he k
The Prine
anything else

Washingeon,

Within its boundar

powerful, O

Kine of Washin
Bnrth. Such ate h

Prince Vitel eureies

Clan Lasombea @

Sejanus)

or peolitics

comparison with his own

4; he will
¢ Vitel controls both the Kindred and
1, he will he the most powerful being

+ drearn

‘magical pin clasp that allows Laebae Alclios

leads the world 10 him dawn. They carried his body

The thought amuses him, ed it inte the water:
¢ Ventrue have little krwwh

On the she
ing tole;

and Remus, a

with che Sabbat, but he oxy from the currents. Finding that the final embers
Jef himself Sabhar, Camarilla, anarch or life still flickered within his breast, the elder Embs

noone. Marcus Vitel controls Lucius Aelins Sejanus. She chen told him about what he
pain, and his world. had hecome, and left him with these wor

ot stop until he is all:

the potential to become great

J aspirations wisely."

away. He continued on ta Britain,and spent a muinbersat

ntuties there, udvising chieftains on how to breach

Lucius Aelius Sejatius was horn in Spin at the start aman defenses und helping wal

4 the first millennium A.D. He served the Roman, owing the fall of the Roman Emp

me tothe attention of the new

his days

2 Lael

thale legions tn beste. He alan, atudying the mystic arte and «

fe intensity in the young Span
Kable mind

island of Capel, sur

In the name oF Tiberius, Lucius.

wh

time passed,

Tit

saed, the

cantrolled the
Jered the executions of thu

ernment. Eventually,

into Rome «

lution. When the k

bers of the Pi

f the Imperial palace. Bur the
oved no match for the war-hard

eri

men found Lucius Sejaniis

D.C

by Night

‘You will nulenpain, as you were always meant todo,
Destroy the lords who sought t combat you. Yo

Tiber and disappeared from the history of Ki
way to avokd mirrors, kine, He made bis way worth

Marcus Vitel (Lucius Aetius many, but the powerful German rune

lords dispose of theit


Lucius came out of hiding during, the lnquisition,
when he saw the Sabbot as a way to gain the power he
sill craved, Hiv abilities co manipulate ghouls, to un-
cover informationand tocoondinate espionage activities
ledtothe Final Death of many older wumpites, However,
hhe soon realized that the Sabbat way not strong enough
tgoverwhelm the Camarilla. He began to sce the hands
of other, more powerful vampires behind the Sabhut
Sejanus vowed that he would one day have power,
{nfluenice and control enough co make others tremble in
at mention of his name; but for now, none should know
who tie was. He sailed to the New World, disavowing the
Sabbat and planning his own rise to power. For several
centuries he traveled up and down the East Coast. Asthe
land become more settled, he decided co rest for a few
seni.
He set up residence in the Maryl
3 plantation called Rome, next (©
‘med the Tiber. He
ised to discover thar his resting place was now in the
center of che mest politically important city in the
World, He chose to pore asa member of Clan Ventrue,
delighting in the irony of using the clan that founded the
Camarilla £6 achieve his own ends. He constructed his
story with elements of truths Sejanus claimed ro be
Marcus Vitellius, centurion Embraced in the later
Bmpue, during the reign of Conmodus. For the sake of
the movlern workd, he shortened the last name to Vitel.
When he introduced himself to Prince Marissa,
Marcus discovered an entirely new emotion. Fur some
reason that neither could satisfactorily explain, Marcus
and Marissa were attracted 10 each other from the
moment they first met. He became a constant compa
{onto the Prince, and the two shared blood, bu
teins of power which firmly te
firmly in Marissa's hinds. He managed to assume control
ofthe Venere in the city, bat, while he sought for more
power in the city, Marissa would give him none.
Grodually Mareus' initial tnfatuation began to
change, replaced by a slow burn that arose from deep
within. Although Marcas cared for Marissa, he could
not bear to sce: woman in control of so much. She had
all rhe power thar he de power ti make even
Europe tremble. As'long as she existed, he would never
achieve his own dreams of domination: Regrerfully, he
contacted the Catarilla, through Clan Ventre, abou
Marissa's power base. Careful plans were luid tu elimi
nate the prince. Cornarilla elders agreed to let Vitel take
over the domain, provided he sould concede several
teas of government to thett control and refrain fram,
ineerfering in national and international affairs

The riots following Martin Luther King's dearh
provided the perfect opportunity to set the plan in
motion. Marcus lured Marixsa away from downtown
under the pretense of concern for ber safety, She wats
taken to Arlington National Cemetery, where a set of
archons and a Justicar made quick work of her Vitel
stood by and watched ay Marissa went to Final Death. A
chifl deeper chan any he had known passed though hit
as hee form crumbled into ashes.

The archon ave fie her remains to dispose uf as

of her belongings went up in smoke, Marcas
rescued the locket und opened its delicate clasp, Iss
Wasa hay daguerreotype, Studying it by the light of the
flickering fie, he saw that the image was vaguely fail
tur. As the last bits of Marissa's dresa dissalved in the
flames; Marcus realized that the photo was of his awn
aire, barely recalled from a nigh

As Virel's ghouls wrested power in the eity and took
advantage of the tlutiag to dispose of other enetnies
Marcus ture through Marissa's belungings for mote clues
as to the identity of his site. His lack of success i is
search spurred itn to make « grenter effort to claim the
city, andl a series of po

"Venteue" Prince.

During the ‘70s he tightened his grip, gaining »
reputation as a'strong bur fair-minded Header, fr was in
his time also that Peter Dorfinan auived his haven to
the city and became Vitel's opponent. His apposition,
coupled with the restrictions placed on him by the
Camarilla, made his power @ shadow: of what he hod
possessed in Rome. Again, his rule was dictated by the
whims of others

Te the '80s, chings started to fall spare in Washing
ton, D.C. Anarchs moved into the eastern sections of
the city, Sabbar atracks became more frequent and
deadly. The Prince allowed thete eties to:continue.
beeaune they gave him an opportunity to expand his
power base, using the excuse that he way protecting
Camarilla interests, He gave permission for foreign vam-
for access to the capital

‘Vitel sttendls meetings of the primogen every month
under the pretense of listening to their advice. In truth,
however, he goes to gauge the plots-against him and take
advantage of the opportunity to play cthers off of each
other. Suill, the rumors of Marcus' powers far exceed
their true miwure. While princes and primogen from

iiawost 2,000 yeata age

zen shartured most opponitian to

Chapter F

: The Damned


the government one way or a
most parr minor debts,

her, these ate for the

Vitel maintnins his wn image meticulously, He fas
hoiils who function as public relations directors and
Joctam, Every maye he makes and every word he
speaks analyzed, not only in Washington, D.C, but
round the world, Thus, his conduct more closely re
sembtes that of a President of the United Stated than »
typical prince. He takes great pains ro make sare that n0
(sue or situation evet appears to phase him.

In his spare thine, Marcus ponders upon the question
‘of who is pulling his strings. He finds the circumstances
of his Embrace, slong with the creation of a national
apital over his tonpored body, Marissa's unknown ties
to his sire, and the success of his masquerade as
Ventrie all just a little too convenient, What bothe
hhim even more ts the question of what might happen if
he does free himseli from whatever yume he's wrapped
wp tn,

Vitel's answer isto take the Jyhad to a new level, Fle
believes that in this post-cold war era, the available
technology is such that he has the capability to destroy
the Antediluvians and the elders of Eutope. The Prince
‘wants to stare a nuclear war, As the Soviet Union hus
collapred, Vitel iscercainof theunltkelihood of eounter-
attack. Ithe ean destroy creatures like Set and Baba Yaga
while ensuring his own survival and that of the human
race, then he ean recreate the world in his own image. [n
his neisted delusions of power, Virol sees himself as the
Caine of a new tnce of Kindred and the god of a new
human civilisation

Under his beneficent despotisii,justive will beswift
and sure: Humanity will achieve unignaginable wonders,
and the cycles of waste, overpopulation and crime will
come tounend. Itmay take thousandsof years torecover
fron the war, but when that point is reached, Sejanus
will guide the world into an age noteven imagined in the
veiliest fantasies of poets and writers, He wil live out his
reat: sociecy will exise in utopian bliss. This seenatio

st be hidden from all, however, of the entire city
‘would cerrainly turn against him. Such és the blindness
of the mases.
Sines Sybil
Nature: Director
Demeanor: Architect
Generation: Sch
Embrace: A.D. 31
Apparent Ages Lace 30s
Physicals Sirength 5, Denterity 5, Stimina &
Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 5. Appearance 6

D.C. by Night

Mentals Perception 5, Intelligence 7, Wits 6
‘Talents: Acting6, Alertuess 5, Auhletics5, Buswl 5, Dodges,
Empathy 2, intimidation 6, Leademhip 6, Setverwise 2,
Subveriage 5
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Drive |, Etiquette 3, Melee, Repair2,
Security 1, Stealth 5, Survival +
Knowledges: Prceanceacy 5, Finance 2, Investigation 2
Law 4, Linguistics 5, Medicine 1, Oecult 5, Politics 6,
Science 1
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celecity 4, Dotninate 5, Fortitude 5,
Obsscate 6, Obeensbeotion 5, Powence 4, Presence J
Protean 5, Thaumatungy 5 (Paths: Lune of Flame 5, Move:
ment of the Mind 5, Weather Contrel 5), Vicissitude 3
Backgrounds: Ailes 6, Contacts 8, Fume 1, influence 8
Resources 6, Retainers 5, Statin 6
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Humunitys 2
Willpower: 10
Notes: Vitel's exira level of Obfuscate allows him w
cloak his lineage ftom anyone who trices it either
inyatically oF otherwise. His excra levels of Presence
allow him to inspire rage in others and give him the
Capacity cut the emotional ties between people. Also,
te his proficiency with Thaumaturgy, Maress has
no knowledge of blood magic.
Image; Marcus Vitel dresses in the most expensive suit
available, and addsan elegant trench coat to his aciretn
poor weather. He fas black hair and dark blue eyes
which butn with 4 cold intensity, When he steps into a
room, all others fill silent
Roleplaying Hints: Fix your cold glare upoa any who
speak to you in.an improper tone. Speak slowly, and with
strengths and confidence, Flint your Presence. The
Prince's Presence is strong enough to averwhelm a Pavis
of Foul Prosence made by the Tremere. Remember the
secretsof tme power:nevermake threats you dan't keep
and never use power unless absolutely necessary.
Haven: Sejanus has several havens. Some of bis favors
itesare the penthouse of the Presidential Hotel near the
Mall, ahhome overlooking the Potoriae, a small house in
Georgetown; and a luxury apartment in Alexandria. His
Primary haven is the tne Hear, which overlacks Ae
lington Cemetery
Secrets: A+, Few, funy, know more ubout Washington,
D.C. than the Prince.
Influence: Marcus Vitel isthe standard by which influe
fence Inn city ty measured, Mest princes envy his
Knowledge and power. A few even «ry to research his

unite.


Monica Black

AcM owerful and in

Monica Black knows thatin any otherc
a peince. As itis, hee "father" teeats her lik
forcing her to serve as a vessel for every new Kind

who enters the city. M:

heart andserve

his equal, but as the years
came (0 wish only to feast on his blgod

Monica te the distant past when
the Prince of W ed both her and her

1. Cynthia, Ai
even th:

int. she had laved her
sought co win th

the mysterious stranger who had entered thetr lives.

Jadly lee Cynthia h

Now, she wou whim:fitmeant
that she could win hack her freedom, She hates to watch
Cynthia swoon over Sejanus, and whenever she gets a
chance she yoes out to Elysium or the clubs to exercise

and Kindred. Monica knows that
clove, nd that she

Marcus still seeks for hi

aply reminder
killed M:

verify her suspicions

that th
useful. Moni

the knows

Pontifex finds hee enchanting

t least
the Tew of incicing « full-scale
Tremere and the "Ventrue"—
hor with

conflict berween th

st wewld Inav an a Fath

tw take over the city. She has also considered finding hee

way co che Sabbag, if she could manage it without yettin
herself killed in the process.
Although Monica is Blood Bound to hee father,

tion, but és uncertain that she has the strength to defy
the Prince openly, She ts fiercely protective of the

thar frou hee mind with
Sires Marcus Vitel
Nature: Comp

slling her

Demeanor: Phott

Generation:

on 3, Appeatance 4
24

Banel2, Deke
Jotion 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5

Perception 3, Intelligence 4
Talents: Ac
Empathy
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1,
Melee 1, Music 3

Knowledges: Hureiwcricy 2, Hin
Aedicine 1, Occult 4, Politics 4

Law 1, Linguistics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3.
Obtenebration 2, Potence 1, Presence 2
(Paths: Movement of the Min

Vicissitude 1

Lue

fluence 4, Mentor

5, Resnrces 3, Reta

Willpower
Image: She 1s 9 tall

rriking, ravenshaired beauty with

1. She is constantly sur

hou! bodyguards, for hort she an

rounded by
have good reason

o tear diablerie

Roleplaying Hints: You are
You obey him, but all others
associate with the other ladies of Ely
the company of He
catch the Pon

Id obey you. You
nfo

wonders if uild com

Hawenst Sho wor the same have

Secrets: A. Monica listens carefully (9 what others tell
the Prince, and she's one of the biggest gossips atnonag
the elder

Influence: Monica hus mfluerice with the hurpics, and
despite her obvious thirst for more power, the Prince

pays careful. ar

*doughter's" we
Cs feuding

farm

smukers

to his most politically minded
ds, She has relations with a number of
ibytats and lawyers: which she fee!
lling the actual polic

Chapter Four: The Damned


Cynthia Black

There is more ta Cynthia Black, Monica's twin,
than Is at first apparent. She hates her sister for having.
Embraced her, though Monica did this at Marcus' be

Iho believes Monica: to be a fool for
+ rebellious streak sa blanunely.
jrawn to the powerful Marcus

no room for love in the Prin

est, Cynthia
She is
Ihe knows that
dark heart
ation ar the game titme th
I by a mysterie

She came to this real

che wasapproac + figure claiming go be
fromscmething called the Tal'mahe'Ra, Mer offered h
un. from abo:
asaspy upon her site, She
awn of the Black
ane withour lopalry-to the Camazilla oe the
he cealizes the threitt Sejanus poses to the
dituvians, and she intends to destroy him when the
Hime te right: Thonigh the Prince tema
fact, her shadowy masters have
to Marews

Marcus av well as prote
eforher netiny
id, and thus became a knwowi

nnware of this
roken her Bloo
works diligently

smmpletely trust the impression that she's a fawning
hip with Pieter Van Dy

Tremere, although she realizes that he's

with the Toreador Angelique Stravin:

Siret Motsien Black

Natures Autise

Demeanor: Avint-Ganle

Generation:
Embrace: 1973
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 3
Socials Clan
Mental: Pereeps
Talents: Acting 4

Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
ncelligence 3, Wits 4
Alertness 2, Athletics
Empathy 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 2 Su
Skills: Drive 5, Etiquette 5, Melee 2, Mus
Knowledges: Bureaucracy

Occult 3, Politics 3

Dexge 2
fue >

3, Seealeh 4

Investiganion 3, Law 2, Line

Fortitude 1.

Fresence 3, Thoumarusgy 1 (Paths: Lure

Disciplines: Auspes 1, Dominate
Obtenebrativn 1
f Flames 1)
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Fan
Resources 3

ictues: Corcience 5, Self-Control 3, Ci

Human

Willpower: 9

Image Cynchia has her sister's gray eyes and long dak

that chey ate telated. Cynchia likes towear risqué cloth
wz anid keeps up wtih the latest aryles and fashions. She
look down on her for this. Her bodyguards tend to dress

like gang members o bikers

Roleplaying Hints

pulse of D.C. attracts you far more

prefers

u enjoy playing the part of the
seeking trendsetter, The iottal
1 bleak mou.

‘mentsand dusty
the ground that "daddy" walk
vou feel ochorwise. Ta your mind, few Kindred have

value beyond thelr use for your personal ens
Haven: Cynthia tries whenever possible c

when ahe wungs 8 get away

Secrets: A
Influene
ton socialites. She has started to create ghouls from
nung the rebellious children of rich D.C
powerful bureaucrats: Cynthia hope
own spheres of power without drawing
the Prince

2ynthia is well recognized aanors Was

blich her

D. Coby Night


Sabbat

1s Sabbar packs visit D.C. regularly, but only
there.

sy in Baltimore, they can come to

fone sect member n
Though his pack is b

Jack
The leader

Lucius Sejanun 0
agreed hy §,
polities und philosophy, and his und
amethod of control. Jack was the only memb
Lucius confided his plans for leaving the Sabbat, and his
would be there to help
und themselves in one of

Vitel's Sabbat, the Tsimisce Jack met
0 in the Old World. He wai

sotundinyy of fear as

towhom

4 fled 19 the New World. He has
New York City, where he participated
perpetrated violent erimes, F 1 bat

leader had ever made Jack bglieve that any

‘ould be ovetcome, Ne ud ever given hi

When Jack beard word of the new Prince of Waslt-
ington, D.C., something clicked. He brought his pack to
Balrimore ro fight the barcles chere, and then made his
way alone to D.C. Relying upon his instincts and his
sinculam, Jack wen ser
their unholy alliance, Jack mow serves Marcus; his p
mary duty £0 kill thase Camarilla vampires thar Marcus
wants to be
pitting the

No membersof Jack'scoteric know about his special
telationship with the Prince of Washingt

Ihe to the Prince and 1

la and Sabbat against each other

though
me of the elders inside the

of Maidstone
Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1250

Apparent Age: 30s

Ph 5, Dextetlcy 6, Stamliea $
Social:
Mental: Peecept

104, Intelligence 2, Wits §

Talents: Acting 4,A\

Jctiex 3, Brave 2, Doge 5, Intin
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Driv
Melee 6, Repair 1, Secarin

2, Briquette 3, Firearms
Stealth 4
Knowledges: 1 3, Law 2, Medicine 3, Occult

Disciplines: Animaliim 4, Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Fortin
Allie as 2, Sabbit Stratis 3
5, Morale 5

The Path of Power and the Inner Voice 4
Willpower: 7
urn parts of his body into fully us
Image: Whatever he wants to look like, b
tude off ape

ion of Jack Nicl

musness 2, Inscine

likes to vary things. He enjoys port
Roleplaying Hints: You warched Jack Nichol

Shining and decided that et served

role model for this new age. You get sick pleasure out of
murder and torture; which has
Sabbat Inquisition ¥

sed problems with the
u lUke to towels the
person you're talking
Havent Jack has several safe houses in Northeast D.C
and another down near Anacostia, He conducts ape
rion in By
Secrets: A
Influence: Jack has a good deal of influence in the
Subbvat, and mos

t of its members se
leader. Few would even guess how desp

him as a strong
arely he crave
to serve th

andiments of his master

Chapter Four: The Damned



Chapter Five:
Circles Within.
Circles

Washingion ton't a city, it's an abstr

Dylan Thomas

Washington, DC. i
intrigue. Here it's
who you knw
mortal
ing, nearly ine
Ivbad plays itself

‘hot a matter of what ye
The Kindred af W

Fear his uleimare weapon
» Blood Hu
suffer from

clty'g political
know, it
the
ay, lllance

ible barrier whi

The Prince's Allies

Marcu

Jy. He rakes

the
veoaritta

Vitel. Karina

fulfilled ancicipat

won't be mise

pride inp
and in using th

Circles Within Circle


Sabbat allies sabotage her new area. The Prince will
then explain thar he cannot afford to have incompe-
tents working for hima bue that he will ler the
pats for nov. All the neonate has to do i
her loyalty by drinking from a eb;
blood. In this manner, the Prince 1
Bound new pawns.

The Ventrue do most of Marcus? work (oe li.
Karin: and Gino Manitelli are both reliable
servants. The relationship between Karina and Ging ls
szrained at best, but thisis how Marcus peetersthings. As
long ws they are lighting onie andther, they won'e fight
him, Each of there individuals commands a number of
shwuls and progeny which further serve the Prince

ino Manitelli keeps a watch on the D.C. police
anal the uniderworld. He's aware of the Setite influence,
but so fir, the Prince hay refused to divert enough
eesvurce to do anything more than contain thelr spread
Meus ul uing to dee hoe totum she Sete

uation
lemonstrate
of the Prince's
ruages to Blood

Dobae

potsile advantage.

D.C. by Night

Karina Dobson is Marcus' intelligence gatherer,
Her duties ute virtually unknown to other Kindsed. She
prepares regular reports for the Peincecn the state of the
cityand the nation. Armed with this information, Marcus
falls the prittes of other cities andl offers appropriate
boons. After the geeat flood of 1993, several despenas
midwestern princes owed boons to Vitel

Prince Vitel rarely inyo imielf in the night-to-
night affairs of his dornain. In order co understand his
‘methed of le, one must first underst
of power. The Prince believ
stems ftom perception, He ea
walks the halls of Elysium. He appears to wave the flag
cof authority, bur that's all. Vitel believes that if he lets
the other Kindred of the city learn the true extent ofh
personal power, no matter how great that might be. i
won't compare to che measure of power that they imag:
Ine he posserses

Prince Vitel plans his uinte carefully. If something
dlsrupis his schedule, he treats it as» minor ereitation
‘When he takes action, it isdectstve and overwhelining
This is not to say thar he can't also be kind. He makes


THE

a he

il My

ible step tw make the lives of new Kindred

ng observed that neonates are usually (nse
cure ereotures, and desperately looking for help, He
fromises protection and assistance to those who serve
him loyally, and never makes a promise that he cannot
keep.
tional Mafia godfather. Fle iggpites reapect und fear in
ther powerful individuals, including his own daugh
(ets He relies an this armoyphere to create expectations
ln. others that will sezve to protect him. He wants co
ftaintain this powerful impression »0 that even if he
wished to leave D.C. fora week, all ofthe Kindred in the
city would still he too terrified co raise a hand agninst
Wi,

One final nore on Ponce Vitel: He is loathe to
throw away anything that may one day come tn handy
Pethapy thac's why the Pontifex Peter Dorfman remains
extant. The Tremere abo serve Vitel's interests
‘matrer how much « Kindred inay hate his reign, most
them fear Tremere conteol over Washington, D.C. even
more, Ifonly they knew.

When Marcus Vitel needs the Sabbat's support for
fuisplans, hecatlson Jack. Ofall the wampiresin the city,
Jack knows the most about Sejanus, but he's as damned
as Luctns if they ever slip up, and the Sabhar would take
theartime sensing Jackto final Death. Jack gives Marcas
his two cents worth whenever they talk.

The Prince's Daughters
Members: Monica Black, Cynthia Black
c Prince's daughters are the Kindred with the
fost status and Teast power inv che city. ‘eeated like
royalty by most, when it comes to controlling their own,
lives, they ate noting more thar tofs for Vitel's enter>

Monica hopes that rebellion will rise up and sweep

ous away. She is certain that her generation and
allles will pur her in position to take coatrol of a city
of her own in the aftermath of wich a conflict. Perhaps
‘not Washington, but Monica Black intends tos
Prince some night, She tries to stay on good heli
how foolishly, that he will give her reign over Rockville,
Tyson's Comer, Alexandria of one of the ather cities
surrounding the District. Monica hates Cynthia with »
paction, both heeause she acts «
will not rebel against Marcus at all

(Cynthia Black iy confident that whets Marcus Vitel
falls, her hand will hold the stake that impales hit.
Cynthia feels cant Me if laantlyinplaybing
her rebellious narure and daring to defy Marcus in spice
of his utter power over her. Cynthia believes that the
Prince, like auany men, can be blinded by flattery and
Black Hand will have one less enemy. Cynthia tries to
gain pawns and tool, like Pieter van Dorn and Cohn
Rose who will supporcher after the Prince falls and who
will make her life more telaxing in the present

The Prince knows far more about his daughters than
they suspect. He favors Monica, although he would
never tell her s0. OF anyone, only Monica has the
courage and the fire to serve a8
world. She must grow a great deal hefare she will be fit
to replace Marissa, but there' time

Cynthia, on the ot
Marcus knows that she's an oper
and he wim

i queen tn che new

+r hand, is not long for this world
ive of the Blick Hand,
‘ear him, Bette the
enemy tha he knows than one be doesn't. Ax Tony as the
Black Hand believesthey havean agencof tharorginization
lose ti him, they won't attempt to deter any af his pln
Now he waity foe hi new member, peth:
Pieter yan Dorn' after she has made herself any

phave ut least one ig

ee nigh

Chapter Five: Circles Within Circles


ally; she will de. Hee ce amusing, but the Prince his
fhad enough, He hopes. that Monica veil learn from her
example when he sends her sout into the Abyss

Both women riced Marcus, at feast for now. They are
prime targets fordisblericand thusdepend upon the Prince's
protection. On thove rare oscasions when they are away
from their father, they have heavily armed ghoul body-
munis to provide Cover in the event they should need 1)
make a quick escape.

The Tremere Chantry
Members: Peter Dorfman, Helena Taylor, Pieter Van
Dom, Cohn Rose, Dr. Hans Schmidr
The Tremere head Use opponition to Prince Vitel. Led:
by Pontifex Peter Dorfman, the Tremere's power base tn
Woeshington, D.C tenortoberaken lightly. Ifirweren'tfor
the Prince's secret Sabhat allies, the District of Columbia
might again belong to
The Pontifex, unlike the Prince, continually makes his
presence known in the city. He goes to nightclubs, visits
Elysium and attends political functions, Peter Doefiaun
exudes self-confidence, a sense thar is hacked by the various
rmvstical tem he curnis with hit,

an Tremere.

Feo thitgs excape the notice of the Pontifex, and he Is
cconstintly an the search for new pawns in his guines of
power, Dorfinan ilo proes for any chinks in the Prince's
ormor. Heknows tha Prince Vitel har remy skeletons ithe
closet but refuses 10 act on any suspicion without abjolute
root

The Treniere'h

1c some of the miost competent eklers
Unfortunately, the Pontifex apes too much
tine playing large-scale political games to notice much of
the maneuvering within his own Changry.

Holena Taylor b constantly om the watch for the
Pontifex jo make sorme sual miscake, She isnbways flaring
around Elysium and isachose friend of with Monica Black's,
The tivo women have a great deal in common, and have
rmande an sgrevmenne that if either assumes the pesition of
their current master, chey will alo work to repince the
other's. Helena would like t0 serve as primogen of Clan

eve in Washington, DiC, but she's cermin to be

rel to another city. The Tremere don't intend to

fe heel cox they to 9 parricular

region, especially the capital of the United States. Clan

Tremere doesn't want another Prinee Marisa, whom even,
the Circle of Seven had difficulty controlling

Helena maintains. clese bond with all ofher progeny,
especially Pierer Van Dorn, the Chantry's resident rebel

Both she and Peter UXoefi
tonun jtscounse; using hin

allow Pieter' rebellious streak

Vorrmation about the
enemies. OF course, Van Dom honestly believes in his
poetryind anarch sentiments, which makes him the perfect
agent

D.C. by Night

Helena'sgremest fear isthe mage Trovor Barron, Though
she once loved hee apprentice, his presence inthe city now
could ruineverythiny. Helenacould Einbrace him, butifshe
slik then the Prince would have her soul via prestarion,
Helena knows that both Art Morgen and Pieter have met
the mage; het inevitable confrontation with shadowseverys
thing she's worked so hard to build

Cohn Rose supports Peter Dorfinan as long as the
Pontifex and Meetlinda keep stroking his eyo. All Cohn,
wantsis center state,and he's willing to screw anyone toget
1t, Only the Prince does a better job of oot this
Cohn Rose, The Tremere also huscontacts with the anarchs
and the Toreador, He supects that Rachel Evans having
some trouble, and that Chas Voyager is platting to over:
throw the Prince. Cohn enjiys taunting the Toreakr
Primogen ond, unlike his friendly rivalry with Pieter van
Dom, Cohn and Chas don't like each ether. Cohn gets
islory well with Cynthia Black, themh Cynthia hie re-
cently bee less interested in Cohn on account of bik
relationship with Angelique Stravinsky

Pieter van Dorn recognizes that be has more liberty to
speak hic mind than most of che other Chantry members
Soimetinnes he deludes himself into believine that the
Pontifex fears a confrontation with him. Other times, hits
‘cerrain thar he's just mother helpless paven in the games af
elders and Methuselnhs, Pieter jees Helena as his mother,
but while he has. hit of an Oedipal cotnrlex.he wantsher
to get together with Trevor. Pieter believes in love, and
finds himselfdevelopingdcep feelings tor Angelique, Pieter
doesn't erst the Pontifex or Dr; Hans Sehsnie

Hane Sehmnide doesn condider hime part of the
Chantry, exeepe us mutter of convenience. He hates the
Joc of then, uni he's certain that the Dark Lords wil enjoy
feasting on thee tainted xls

Elysium Harpies

Members: Helena Taylor, Monies Bloc
Black, Angelique Stravinsky, Cine trad Cohin Ros

‘The Elysium crowd determines the distribution ofthe
morsels of power dropped by the Prince, and in many ways
they actually have more eomtrol than the primogen. The
hurpics loted above are only the mont important members,

Helena Taylor saad Mons Black tren each o
siscets and equals; in face, mone thar few nyeonates have
scully thoughe thar Monica nnd Helena were the Black
sisters, rather than Monica and Cynthia. Each of the tro
regards other vampites differently, however. Helena prefers
to look at things in a positive light and is more trusting of
other Kindred, while Monica is skeptical of everyone'®
intentions, The ovis enjoy playing games with their pawns
sudhsecing whichuneof hem cmexett mere hifluenceover

the city.




cither the Folger orthe Kennedy Center, These newhiesare
exchanged off during conversations, and the Elysium mem-
bers pick thei apart, asking ther compromising questions
such at "Do you think the Pontifex: woald make good
Prince?" or "Which of the Prince's daughters de you think
hhelikesthe most and generally armusing themselves. Ifthe
newbies are experieniced Kindred, then it becomes more of
social event. Peter Van Dom almost alwaysattends these
‘outing: A neonate who handles himself well could end up
with powerful connections by the end af ehe night:

The Primogen Council

Members: Gusindra, Chas Voyayer, Helena Taylor,
Dr. Edward Walker

‘The ptimogen, forall itsclaimsto independence, teally
has very little my in the goings-on of the city. It meets at
ie! ssulferance. He prewnts the busines tobe conducted,

und the pricogen can do nothing more 1 udvise him ony
whatever matters he brings to their attention. Indeed, mast
believe the primagen exists only to provide a cover for
Prince Vite's tue dictatorship of the ciy.

Vitel does listen attentively to everything the council
125; ot just to hear its opinions but alo to gauge what bs
happening tn the city, Ifthe members of the council ever
realized just how mich the Prince aets-on their aageestic
they would begin to manipulate hie for theis own ends

Asie srands, Cassandea primarily speaks for the city's
hinpies: Chas Voyager assumies the moral high groundoofthe
lot, taking advantage of any opportunity to slim both the
Prince und the Pontifex. Helens preverids to speak (or ber

clang, burt in fact she schemes to uchieve her ow
igenida —ol which Vitel is well wave. Walker ve

Prince's mouthpiece.

Art and His Archons

Memberis Art Morgan, Tabitha Prester, Dr. Stephen
Norton, Pieter Van Dom, Wayland Smith

The leader of the city's Gamgre! lus his own eaterie of
weealled Archons. Morgan believes Washing
‘needa Justicar to protect the Camarilli'sinterestsand he's
appointed himself eo the task: Despite the fact
the ekders openly scoff at such
generally colerated.


a
y

Art Morgan hus gathered a group of younger vampires

fro the various clans and convinced them to help him

the city, He' alaye looking for new members

ally fom clans not currently represented. Fortunately

for Morgan, few of the elders realize this band effectiveness
or the extent of its operations

An's Archono, the Artangels or Archinge stay In

constant contact with each other and receive help from the

‘mage Trevor Barton. ‘They normally yather at the Norton

Mansion, and conduct clandestine operations against the
Setites, Sabhor i

safety of Washington, D.C
Pieter Van Dom sees himself as.a balance against Art
Morgan. The ¢ the tyranny of the
Camarilla und the justice of the Anurch Movement. Art
takes the position that the best way ta fix vampiric soetety
isto reform the Cumarila from within, while Pieter spouts
‘wos of revolution. Steve Norton tends to handle opera-
andatd research. ashe sublet break intoany
on he wishes and gather information, Steve mkes
s. Wayland Smith atmires Steve

ev Jes rica positions,

xml tliey feel

sional cone

D.C. by Night

€
mm

Stephen Norton has convinced himself thar Prince
Viee is imeparably evil. He refuses to accept any evidence

allot it tnbe a pact of the polidcal
Iachinations of a master con man. Steve intends ta slepose
‘Marcus, and hasno worry about whether Peter Dorfman will
become the new Prince: De. Norton can't stand to watch
sway the Prince manipulates hiv daughters

Wayland Smith is new co all of this bur he-enjoys:
having friends hat he feels he-can trust. Raphael Vega,
Wayland's ghoul, often comes to meetings with the Torea:
doe. Waylaru's biggest concern is the Sabbat. He buys unto
Vitel'sthetoricand likes to recommend missionstnt Subs
held sections of Baltimore, in order to cake some ofthe heat
ofD.C,

Art Morgan does not involve himself in
sions, ax do the younger vampires. He keeps himrelf abowe
all of that, ktiowing that young feonntes can usually get
‘away with more thu eldersea, If he were to make any such
moves, others would notice and compltin,

he eonitmty,cla


paced

The Anarchs mite threat, he intends to destroy her Rar now, be fins
Tusdinns Wehes bases o here amusing. Velvet believes that Razor sa myth creaned
ee Peta i by Prince Vitel
‘Whiston, D.C. ha always had rebels elements, =
‘Whale members of the Anarch Movemene typically stayin bt deem Flee
the city for jint a short time before they move on or are SngeF=be is curious see whut Marcus is capable of when
Usaroyed, few hine munle DC. their home The panko itt He's tried himelftotunt the Prince, butso
movement io alive atl wel Washington, and al. GF el bas bere is cou Razor woul ike w tect
though the pank subculture may nor be as loud or as violent aa Tae - he ke Ras late th bes aenni
so itt avotherctien i well entceiched bene ehaive. as he ba. Ramo batewes the best we

3 . promote anarchy ts through psychological warfare. He:

1 Vales: cla the tof clef anaschs in Norticte: aad Fier Vor: Dorn, whe he civaidersto be asplociew
ING, She's not afraid of Marcus Vitel and feel the Prince "ne afthe ellen saad ty Deaton in leeerctee thee
feeds co kes long look at whut the Kind of Washing: — {fete willalow dseatee panes Renew
ton, D.C. really need. Tohermind, he oughe to deaway with egconeny

le fy cut Van Dorn wide open, but he wosries thar Dr. Noon

iets walnsinthe Tealbtoreciies van Pieter Van Dorn tries to play the role O frien
es ite Teele eferct detec i ye Pree Geioeied ok hoe iets

position woull be if the Prince tisk him seriously. Both,
Hetena Taylor and Arc Morgan attempe to teasory with
Pieter to tone down his thetoric, but Peter feels tit he
needs new cuuse. He's intrigued by Velvet and woul lke

she follows the teaching of Bakunin, and this is all that
would matter should the government yo down in flames
The Prince regirds Velvet as a mere annoyance, bur if she
manajes to generat enough suppact to appear ab legit

Chapter Five: Circles Within Circles


SOROMTORY REGUIARS

ba a)

The Purgatory Regulars
Members: Bjorn Garinson, Emilio Gone


The Gangrel-Nosferatu
Alliance

The Gangeel an

bined Anieualis

Chapter Five: Circles With


The Lupine Connection

Ss

Toomuch political with

Outside Influence:


A few buave am ig agendas, ach ws got
can troops to defend theie people ar preventing
intervention inan avea. Vampires inddevelopinge
mote conceméd with Washingron than those in

As long as these ourside Camarilla Kindred feel th

they begin to feel thot they h

no ability co afect national decisions which dieetly inilu
enced their domains, complaints would soon reach
heads of the Camurilla. If this were 10 happen
Camatilla agents would descend upan shee
Vitel would come under more scrutiny than ev

Since the beginning of the Reagan, adi
Marcus Vitel hus offered his services as a proxy for prine
Washington. Prince Vitel makes these offers only rarely

with the greatest of care. He knows that if th

to do isp ny of the D.C. Kindred from drastically
the disappearance of a young vampire could

portance as well. The Archbishop of New York h
when he wants Washington to get someth

ible to call on the help of a number af other

Book of the Wyrm for Werewolf: The Apocalypse), han

Chapter Five: Circles Within Circles



Chapter Six: -
Stories of
Washington, D.C.

~.

Elements of Washington, D.C.

pol
Irdoe

Chanter Six: Stories of Washington, D. C


* The
ls huigher than just about anywhen

cof living: everythi

rything is
ifyo

you wane in Wash ngton, D.C
The

poorand the ve

Development bu

and parade

country: During a Pres

mous. Secret

1 knows where' te look for the

Parks
wsamall p

ipeen, picturesque lund

cy.chancesare that y

4 sections of
ages wind between

in Washingt

sutside of Manhai

impire wishes to purchase clothes,

Jook hard enough
find anythiy

live within blocks of
ation anil the neath

© The influcntial (this means the elder) vampires de

the summer month

king to take

und pate
cityanythin,

especially

alf the government
tunnels so large that
truck from one end

4. Entrances th

in Washingtots there is
ally every block. There


© Unlike many ci
kyscrapers, Ther

© Washinigun iswconts

mie new read of building within a few mn
Tomake martes worse, the
withe
enment official ywhere, On almost any

emment off will passar le

nd the Capivol, limos and news crews

These: ate all sirnple encbunters that ear occur i

totyorprovide an interest

Introductions

wer, He pee velpysnrnd i

unter providesan opportunity for
anal Willpe

Chapter Six: Stories of Washington, D. ( 107


he characters how they
al situations, such as a fighr betw

1 cemains pleasant, then Virginia

iracters know tha she is from out of tow, and

he represents important interests who have astake ity

irs. Virgina mncemned with becoming
federal politics as with keeping others from

Hey, Man: The charavtets are w

behind lim. If he
{ the characters seem atall
an he'll int
and oe

the stnashes into on
a wor and ita obvi
Rachel Evans, and she fis just fed off un addict for the third
ime this week, She's seared andlslighily tripped out, ma
Rowschreck checks foreverything. leah
er from escaping (and she may try to fi
wn, then she'll probably break down in
1 miore exciting introduction,
1¢ 2 Setite ghoul
As a character walks alor
up toler and asks forn

ny of them say yes, he'll give
hem 1 pass allowing unlimited rides, then shuffle aff. This

fi;

D.C. by Nighr


Chapter Six: Stories of Washington, D. €


sit the characters' computer using hisastral
ate. It the ne

D.C, by Nini



cut roll (difficulry 9).
Monic i
1 th
Hi her, probably
nted ta see hit, Thott sh
ine to-rem
WH
At

lows the

roll (dif

ection, [Fhe tak

i. Th

1 Monic

h Th

not to reveal hi

ice OF soln chance encounter

and then W
re churacter look

ae the Prince

deca llegally
en Norton
hand, He
it hee nlght. Dr

wiously a drawing of

and the word "Hop

ey must dec:

whether they

Feeding
For

ood, and rake
Washington ha
etabrs regular

rs ebay the
lr time to sp
ange Bh

2, AIDS: The character finishes feed
Ashe leaves, his victim whispers "I

tell yous," or something t0 that eff le the characte }
ily infect ll she feeds froe with the viru
she should make sure ifshe wants to retaie th

fant on this the hem

don't w



beginnin,

nights, which wil
alt Wallpowerrolls
10, lithe St

lr lithe

rd

opertie

Pawns in the Game

The games of the Washington Kindred can get a bit
nvolved. The mortals play th ts of gan
sometimes the stress drives people tu the ede. Here un
fow ideas ro keep your players on that edge
The Sign: A woitian ic Goth
sauntes up tone of' nd whisper
Wait for the Sign heads on
way. A few nights puss and the charscter encoun,
again nea the same pix tells him,"Remem
berthe Sign, Thereire thre nore," then hes
‘on. She'll repeat the Inst statement every time she enc
ters them in the furuce, The woman isn't part of any
arcte he
e al people ar
having: hek ind the occult
They could he ampurcr game designers ti
expentson oe mod theuniversties. Th
could also be Ateanim mer characters decile
remain where they ane, then they might learn a few thi
3. High-Level Secur hs fins suit coat
tumpled up inn alley. Iiskde ts CIA secur
set of phone numbers. On th on paid
password semper". The phone numbers allow
ses t the CIA's compu the password lets the
ip get inside the CLA hewds, The pass gives th
access to Langley. Thewe iteinsarcex! dangeroy
Karina Dobson p yet aractess lay

Pou
th

the Prince can prove thar he

nlways seals messiges with wax
Personal scal inste
nature oo the letter in

huracters receive a summons signed by
nie co the rex ail
nrourage walking on the street

in AK-47,


Jhisn theisuitlives, If pressed for w perpetrate of this frame,
the Prince blutnes Razor. The truth is that Jack and hit
Sabbat are behind the assault.

5, Curiosity; Thisencouncer works best or out-of-town
characters visiting Washington, D.C. and planning to re-
tum home, The group encounters Menlea Blick, who
‘welconnes them to the eity in the name of Prince Vitel. She
takesthem othe Hote! Washingion for introductions, then
offers to give them a tour of the city. During the tur,
Monicaasksthem nimetoasquettionsabourt their own city,
obviously probing for oppartunities w establish hee own,

i

6. Ashes, Ashes: A character passing on orphanage
notices that the door tssmshed in and blood screaks cover
the door frame. A strange ulyrh isdirawn in blo
entrance. lfthey ga inside (only wimps‘ oe
police), they hear the sound of children'
"Ring around the
chdren, all of thea with fangs bar
cheek. Jack disguised himself as
and Embraced each child while in one of his psychoxic
mood, in order to weaken the Camarilla. The characters
must decide what to do with these new youn vatapites,
unless they want the Prince vo execute thei all

7.1 Need You Anoceultitt has learned the truth about
the undead He encounters the characters a few times and
watches them. reying to envesdp on sh artons
After he determines which of them ts the most humane, he
attemprscouppreach her lone. Theaccultist confronts the
character with the math about the Masquerade. He interca-
ther: He says that she has the pawer to give bin eternal fe
tel lve knows thar she could nor stand to have a deuth on
herhands Them he slashes his throat open. she leaves, he
dies. His wraith might haunt her, 0
assume she killed him snd hunt her down. If'she Embraces
hit thenshe hasturned a maxima ample, and thus
violated the Traditions

RP
waiter ccmes over

wsies". They come across 20 young
on their

Ife. then paws this peoblem 20

his followers

wllygess The charactersare sitting at w table when
J politely asks them 9 move. He
explains that a mistake had been nun, and the tuble was
reserved earlier. After the chameters move, they overhear

eka awyoe aid Iie wife chunk shu
‘waiter forslippiny. them inton such shortnonice. The waiter
fawns om the couple, and the characters have to seream for
all night. Line cutting in Washington works the

ian ee ge

9, Lucid Dreame The characters begin to yuffer from
very twalistc dreams during the day. The Storyteller may
vant to maa dream ay if it wore 4 normal game sesio0,
without ellingthe players that ition'. In these dreams, the
Keep seeing, images of former Prince Marisa
1 Dumbarton Oaks by Archons, while Marcus
Vitel watshes. These dreams aresent by Siiney Porter, the

vwmich Gif one of Maria's ghoul, who wants to avenge his
mistress' death, He hopes thar the characters will find a way:
tw do his job for bim.

10, Whar Madness is This!: Cassie locates the charac
ters and warms them that she has had a vision of them, She
tells them that they are all oing to die if they doa ake
certain precautionary steps. She wa that she wats to helo,
tur she feats thar the vision eight kill her ay well the
characters don't try w convince her to help chem, then she
volunteers out of the goodnes of her inimortal youl Case
uses her "vision" to get the characters to procure items for
her and escort her through Elysium. If they ignore her

Warnings, they soon learn that there is no threat to these
unlives atleast, no more 40 than usual,

‘The Masquerade

Threats to the Masquerade are everywhere in Wash-
ington. Several situations which could powe potential
Masquetade problets are seattered throushout this book.
Here are some that could happen anywhere:

1. Accident Scene: A iriver suxdenfy slams into an
othercar in the seroet in ftoat of a character. Then the guy
hehind him wwerves onte the silewall where the chanecter
‘sstanding and hits her. Aceidentshappren, but what does a
‘Vampire dks whes he's hit hy a ee in public? She may play
cfead, bur getting the body back without causing s major

ible headuche. Feen herteeiewhen a
doctait of nutse ts on the weene and tries to éxamine the
undead victim,

2. Breathalyzer Test? Cops can get very strict when
quotas ane low, and in Warhington, they ate hot afta ta
full anyone over (except the diplouuts). What happens
‘when i vampire can't fgg up a leath mask! Just rere
duis rule — fiends don't let friends deve frentied.

3, Food: A chamcter panies one of Washington ticer
restaurants, attempting to breathe a bt in exder to paso
iisone ofthe living, when the smell offine food overetelms
her, Susklenly, although she's somewhat repelled by the
thought, she thinks about how long its beet since she hax!
scmething solid to ext. A Willpower toll may be in order to
avoid going in, ordering something, and discovering that
the digestive system really is not there anymore

4. The Bye uf Chikrens Unbike autts, many tiideen
believe in monsters. If un Obfuscated character gets t00

alent in her ability to move around unnwticed.one way
to take her down a pegs to have little kid see her, {she's
vs Neaferatu, the child might scream and point, tetrfied uf
the monster. Of course tis parent. will reassure him nnd rel
him 'sjustalight post. Achild might approach o Mallavian
and ey to play with or talk ro her.

3. Flashis Every majot television network anal newspu:
por bas comespondents ia Washingrom, If story breaks
anywhere in the city, a news crew with cameras will he ony
the scene in mere moments. Even if the characters ae

Chanter Six: Stories of Washington, D.C.


sony thout their nightly business, a newsreporrer complete

‘cametanian could come up and start asking their
opinions of the cument administration, Congress oF the
mayor, Depending rn how theyanswer, they may get on the
11 pan, or morning news,

6. Violent Protest: In the World of Darkness, protest
tmyvetente can get mtherwely, Every cause has at least ewes
sides od most have mare. Characters ray find theanselies
walking through n sudden rally, Imagine a group of vampines
cought within a maddened mob ahortion clinic
Can they stay in conteol when the mortals around them ate
all on the verge of frenzy?

nih The D.C. metto system is clean
1a great alternative to the streets.
Whesaride hecbuyea faterand and then
Ansett it i 4 gate which opens ti let her enter. She inserts
{eintoanother gate wexit when she leaves thestution. she
lores the card after entering the system, then she's effec
tively trapped. Station managers can lee her out, but that
depenids on their mood, and the chameter goté to deal with
the embarrassment of explaining the entire situation. Self
(Control rolls are tn order on this one:

and reliable

8 Excuse Me, Mr Presidente Thisisan encounter toute
with caution. I should be u reward for players who've dorie
well ind who the Storyteller can tnist not to abuse the
opportunsty. While character fs somewhere in the city (a
McDonald' maghe), arceor service men:come inside; peck
ably sectingoffa dozen internal amas in the Kadted, Then
the President of ce United States enters and proceeds to
shake hands with all the nearby citizens, Including the
Kindretscold dead Mesh The Presidersr might he aurpesad
ft the vunnpite's hands and iiquire about their access to
healthcare, then hequicklymaveson. Thissortof scenecan
he done with uny celebrity. Because Wishingtion is the ste
of ray awed presentation
‘tired statcamien and spurts heroes cat always pop up.
9. Dogs: Many buildings in Washington, D.C: include
dogo as part of thei security system, to staff fo bons and
deags, and the DC. police departnent abo emplo
If one of these canines comes wero av
isnot going to he happy, bark
h 10 cause the officers to tnvertigate
‘one of Washington's poorer neighboehocds,astation wajgon
squeals around the comer. They see a gun barrel po
froma half-rolled dwn window, then fail of bu
fying. The Kindred might survies, bur peopl
will not be i lucky, Furthermore, the hungry may have to
take in Asroavoidfeedingond killing the wounded

ne stars, elitary hemes,

D.C. by Night

‘This section contains a number of different story ideas,
A storyieller can develop hem into chtonicles er just we
them asasides within an ongoing chronicle,

1.'To Cately a Malkaviun: Dre Stephen Norton has
finally done it He's stolen che Hope Diamond, Word
npceadhs across the city thatthe diamond must be recrieved
at afl costs and thot the Prince will yeant « great bon £0
anyone who returns the gem. ifthe characters haye e-mail
then they may receive a message from Seoer Levin (without
tuing his name} telling thems chat the location of Sceve
Norton savailableto any who will not harm him when they
tty to claim the Hope Diamond; If they don't have e-mail,
then theygetaphone call froma recording. Ifthechuraetera
gree, they are told togorothe Bethesda Institute of Mental
Health. Dr. Granger has Steve in a cell, bur he won't

urrenderhispatient. Dr. Nocton'sinthe grip ofa Malkavian
derangement, openly boasting abour his prowess as the
work's greatest jewel thief, Steve has hidden the diamond
tov the padeling of his cel

2. High Society: The members of the Elysium crowd
have decided dar they are going to have » neorste night
Helena, Angelique; Monica, Cynthia, Cohesand Cassandra
need to bring « neonate to Elysium or lose face. This story
‘provides goed way coger a group of cuaracters together for
the ft time and introduce them roekderpalitics. Thisone
works even if the characters are yust visiting the city

3. The Serpent's Coils: The Setives have saute adding
Ravennu's blood tw their drug injections. Within three
nights te Secites plan to epesral hundreds of ghouls, The
‘hua tets, along with other pepe ini barat eluby receive
tone of the new nealles (the fin one's free). The young
Setite casually passing them out uses his Deminate Disci
pine to gee people to try chem. fhe characters don't figure
‘out something's goltig oa, then the siilden strength of the
‘ew ghouls in the club should are them, Whit to do about
Its their prablew.

4: Who Wants to Live Forever: Trevor Baron finds
Helena Taylor, and after a few tense moments, the fice of
their love refgnites. Now, che two find shemvelves in. 9
quandary. Helena can't stay with the Tremere aul keep
Trevor. The mage won't leave without his love, and his
insigicks are formidable enough to handle most opponent.
Mehe charactersdisenwer the ryaof them, then they can try
to help the lovers of sell them ut to the Prince o¢ the
Pontifex or whomever.

5. The Martiageot Peter and Angelique: For aditferent
sort of relationship story, Pieter and Angelique decise to
tmutry (see Clanbook: Toreador formorederajlson Kindred
Inurriges). Their weddings draws Kindred from actos the

ich bringinggher own agenda, Such o

grand event provides an excellent means 1) foreshadow



t0 Washington, 0.¢

The following are some idens f
Washington, D.C. Due to irs import
¢, Washington makes a gre ee

chiA

of the Fallen

This a er chronicle
The Oblivion ritv of the

ng of the dead could
10 move ina the natie

influence to more politicians in onder to protect

the Kindred populace. Thisstary makes goox! introduction

Chronicle Ideas

Wn the national

the Kindred ro frenzy in the worst powerful

Black Rat Attack

This sa cressover mini-chronicle
Werewolt: The Apocalypse that
from Caerns: Places of Power.
Pack of L

eacler of the Bl
Blood Licker, hash
jevitee,U

ne of the main proponents af the tauce berwee

Lawrence, Blood Licker's bloodlust gets the bewt of him an
he and his pack artack the Nosferatu

hie Nosferam and the reer af
if, turns tthe

The were
the Bluck Ruts become ghouls. Nathan, in
Prince and th yan and
bath
Black Rat pack

Wand v

Pontifex for help. A

decide t0 deal with the pr

head of the sept, wants 1

War looms between w

D.C. by Night


AJusticar Comes

The Camarila decides ty yend a true Justicar into
‘Washington, D.C. to investigate the city. The characters
‘ould be wieniesesto eventsordirectly involved as Archons
themelves (see Bloody Hearts: Diableric England for
source m on running an archos chmniele). With
the vatt number cf secrersand intrigues goingon in thecity,
they will definitely have theit hands full. The various forces
warring to manipulates Justicarintadestroyingherenemics
is neatly overwhelming. A variant on this chtonicte can
cepe would be to have Art Moggan hecome a true Justicat,

andl oun DC. with all the authority ofthe
Camarti
The Demons Rise

Dr: Hans Seid
hand on « powerful ite, possibly from anc
docunen:s on demonology tecenthy translored
the Dead Sea Scrolls They summon jeu demon, who
tikes aver the ex-Nan' body. The demon takes Schinid
‘nowledge and iravedatey has his followers make i setien
of atacka acrons the city. i

to these threats, the demon realizes that the might of
theuindead needs1o be reckoned He locaresa powerful
raliman like the Hape Miamond oF the Ark of the Cov:
énant in onder to gain greater power, Case may have s
‘vision of this and then try te tell anyone who she thinks
might listen, which could include che characters (for more
Information cin. demons in the World at Darkness, see The
Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat),

City Besieged

A group of international Kindred, backed by European,
Methuselahs, have decided to tke control of Washingwn
for themselves, wresting It from the Prince and the other
chders. Chas Voyager offers himself as a charismatic leader
for the oucsiders, and the Prince finds himeelf under stege.
The outsiders may not know the city, but their ghouls have
diplomatic immunity, and they keep their havens in their
heavily guarded national embassles, preventing the ghouls

Chapter Six: Stories of Washington, D.C.

of the D.C. vanapivesfrows sstkinig a
‘The characters will have to decide berween the Prince and
the outsiders. Vitel will he merciless in isattennpesterecain
eonerol of his city.

The Sabbat War

Washington, D.C. stands
Canatlla against the Sabor threat. When Bal
into the hands ofthe rival scet, Washington h
zone. The Prince takes advantage of the war to
Sabbat after the Toreador (or Purgueory, iithuasthechance)
‘Othet packs of Sabbor strike inside the District and rumors

sbowethe nab
anything else to those who
of Washington, D.C. Hesends Manitelli and sev
‘armed with military surplus into Balrimore to take ve war
hack to the Sahbae. From that point, the conflict escalates
until Washington falls or Jack becomes Archbishop of
Baltimore due to the elimination of the competition. Char
acters could also play Sabbut attempting to. liberate the
nation's capital, or Snbbat members mocking. fo J
pemtely tom between loyalties

The Rockets' Red Glare

The time bas come. The Bis

al ghouls

fw cornplcted Ine
bunker, and he has filled it with everything he thinks
‘humanity would need to rebuild civilzation. Marcus Vitel
orders his minions to capture scientisn, intellectuals und
skilled profemionals yo he-can transfor ten my ghouls

forhisnewage. The Prince rtarssa major purge in Washing.
rermpowet

tonyattackingthe Poneifexanderyini ison
use. Then, he tries to geteloseto the Vice-Presid
a chemical is pur into the White House water supply t
ity incapacitate the Presiden. The Prince intends
1 onder the Vice-President to launch An
arsenal to wipe out the Methuselahs and Antedilovi
Europe and Asia. When the nuclear exchanges end, he will
ceinerge ro resculp uw world from the ashes of the old.
Obviously, the plot shouldn't get this far, unless the Story
teller nts an extremely bisere chronic


Volume 1

Urban

City life crushes our spirit. Traffic. Crime. Corruption.
Inhumanity. Rumors and legends abound as we strive to cope with
each horror and save what's left of our identities, before we become
the monsters that stalk the urban sprawl. But for some it's too late.
The legends are true. The monsters are real. They are among us.

Comte to Untlife
Cities of Darkness Volume 1 combines the early and hard-
to-find Vampire supplements D.C. by Night and New Orleans
by Night. What goes on in the nation's capital and America's
party town after dark, when the undead come out? Perhaps much
the same things. It's all one big celebration. BYOB (bring your
own blood).

Cities of Darkness Volume | features:

© The chance to get these out-of-print Vampire
supplements, combined under one new cover.

© All the politics, machinations, double-dealing and
intrigue of Kindred politicians in the nation's
capital.

© An invitation to all the parties, street dances,
carnivals and bloodlettings of the Big Easy.
