# File: City of Angels.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

;

& SprrinG SourcEBeek For DEMON: THE FaLLEN™


BuJacon Doceenra, STEVE KENSON, MICHAEL LEE,
Parnick O'DurruANb CHUCK WENDIG

Coe ~~


Authors: Jacob Docherty, Steve Kenson, Michael Lee,
Patrick O'Duffy and Chuck Wendig. World of Dark-

ness created by Mark Rein® Hagen.

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein Hagen
Developer: Michael Lee

Editor: Jasmine Milberger

Art Director: Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Mike Danza, Marko Djurdevic,
Alex Lamas, Andy Trabold

Front Cover Art: Andrew Robinson

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-

1554 LINTON DR. ae without the written permission of the publisher is expressly

L forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character

B STONE MOUNT, ace which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,

Vampire, Vampirethe Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the

GN 30088" Sites: tension, Hunter che Reckoning! World of Darlaicssand Aberrant

are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

USA reserved, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Change-

GAME STUDIO ling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers

Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Demon the Fallen and

Demon City of Angels are trademarks of a Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved, All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyright by ‘White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The gption of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and pee for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advise

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800 454- WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at -

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.


Yasue of CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION :
CHAPTER ONE: APTERTHEDIRE ©
CHAPTER Two: Broken WIncs
CHAPTER THREE: BEHIND THE MASK
Cnaprer Foun: Tie INFERNAL COURT

Cuapren Five:Lost Sodas

112


FAITH: Belief without evidence in what is told by one
who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel

— Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary

Welcome to Los Angeles, a city of dreams swathed
in sulfurous mists like a madman's vision of hell itself.
Known by many different names (Cleveland with
Palm Trees, Circus Withouta Tent, La-La Land, Hell-
Ay), Los Angeles houses over 8.5 million souls and
boasts one of the most diverse cultures of any city on
the planet. People flock to this fountainhead of man-
made illusions in search of diversion, in search of fame
and glory, in search of work, orsimply in search of their
favorite movie stars. The golden beaches draw the
laid-back and the laid-off despite the fact that polluted
waters keep most sitting nervously at the shore.

Demon: City of Angels presents the city of Los
Angeles in significant detail, touching on its history,
geography and self-obsessed culture in the wake of a
terrible earthquake and the seemingly miraculous

(aay:

appearance of what appears to the lost Prince of the
fallen, Lucifer himself. Los Angeles is now a veritable
mecea for the fallen angels. The city tems with souls
willing to cut any deal they must in order to grab the
elusive promise of stardom. The cult of celebrity is an
overpowering intoxicant to the starved spirits of the
Abyss. Tormented demons stalk the corridors of pro-
duction companies, haunt the trendy clubs and set
themselves up as spiritual counselors ina city that isall
too easily lost in the glamour of the Next Big Thing
Even the fallen themselves are drawn to the City of
Angels, fighting the depredations of their tormented
kin as much as the cynical, exploitative machinations
of the entertainment industry itself. Whoever con-
trols Los Angeles also controls the images flowing
onto every screen and television around the world, for

Hy)


good or evil, and the potential for change embodied in
the city is too great to ignore.

This book is intended to provide you, the Story-
teller, with a complete and compelling setting for your
Demon chronicle, but many of the concepts con
tained within (especially the chapters on the infernal
court and fallen renegades) can be applied to virtually
any setting or story. As ever, the Golden Rule applies:
read the book, use what you like and change or discard
the rest. It's your story — tell it in the manner that
works best for you.

:
STREETS OF FIRE

Los Angeles in the wake of the Devil's Night
earthquake is in many ways a microcosm of the greater
conflict between demons and mankind in the modern.
World of Darkness. The city, once a symbol of wealth
and power, lies largely in ruins. The future is uncer-
tain; can the people of Los Angeles rise above the
prejudices and excesses of their past and remake the
city of angels into a place worthy of the name? Amid
the devastation and tragedy of the earthquake lies the
opportunity to build a better future. It is a chance for
redemption that may not ever come again. Can there
be a return to paradise, or is it too late for Los Angeles,
and by extension, the world? It is up to the Angelinos
— and the city's fallen — to decide.

THEME

The city of angels is a study in stark contrasts,
evoking a multitude of powerful themes applicable to
your Demon chronicle. The fabulous wealth of LA's
media elite and the superficial beauty of its celebri-
ties clash with the stark poverty and seething violence
of Watts and the barrios. Los Angeles is literally a city
of dreams, a gateway to wealth and fame for hopeful
souls with the right "look" to make it in the movie
industry, but the superstar lifestyle is not without its
dangers. Hollywood's best and brightest succumb to
drugs, alcohol and their own runaway egos, sowing
the seeds of their own destruction even as they reap
the bounty of their success. It's a place where souls
were bought and sold long before the fallen escaped
the Abyss, and the demons themselves are no less
drawn by LA's promises of glory and power. The
conflicting natures of the city and its seductive
potential to the fallen give rise to the central themes
of this book: the search for faith, the perils of ambi-
tion and the struggle for redemption.

The search for faith and the struggle to cultivate
it in the collective soul of mankind is one of the core
themes of Demon, but in Los Angeles the notion of
myth versus reality takes on even greater significance.
The city ofangels can arguably be called the entertain-
ment capitol of the world, home to a multitude of

City or ANGELS

powerful film, television and music production stu-
dios, streaming their messages to human minds all
over the globe. It is an undeniably powerful tool in the
hands of a cunning manipulator, whether mortal or
demon. On a less epic, but no less compelling level,
the lure of stardom and the mystique that surrounds
modern celebrities has an almost mythical allure that
resonates with mortals across every level of human
society. Hundreds of aspiring actors travel to Los
Angeles every day in search of fame and fortune, fully
believing in the Hollywood myth. Their hopes and
fears play right into the hands of the city's fallen, who
will happily make each one a star — for a price.

On a more personal level, the appearance of
Lucifer during the height of the Devil's Night riots
creates a crisis of faith for the demons themselves.
Many demons are drawn to LA in hopes of finding
their lost Prince, though many of them are unsure
what they will do once they find him. They are no
longer the innocent idealists that turned their backs
on heaven; they are embittered survivors of a terrible
war and an apparent betrayal by their glorious leader.
Lucifer's appearance forces many of the fallen to
revisit old beliefs and ask painful questions about their
loyalties and ambitions.

Los Angeles' wealth and global influence encour-
ages the highest of personal ambitions, and the city is
justly famous for its ruthless power plays and heartless
deals, It is a place where the adage "power corrupts" is
all but etched in stone along Hollywood Boulevard.
The fallen are no less susceptible to the city's tempta-
tions. The true lords of the infernal host still lie
writhing in the Pit, leaving the riches of the world
open to even the lowliest of the fallen. Already a low-
ranking demon named Spentu Mainyu has claimed
the title of Tyrant of Los Angeles and formed the city's
first infernal court — but even this is a cynical tactic to
obscure his true ambition of controlling LA's enter-
tainment industry. Will the demons of Los Angeles
fall prey to the same temptations that seduce their
mortal thralls, turning upon one another as they
scramble for the city's temporal power? Can they
temper their ambition with their ancient ideals of
guiding and protecting mankind before their conflict-
ing agendas destroy what is left of the city?

If some of the city's demons can see past their
personal desires and resist the pain of their Torment
they will see that there is a great opportunity set before
them in the aftermath of the quake. There is a chance
to build something better from the ruins. They can use
their power to remake the city of angels according to
their ideals, creating a new kind of garden where the
seeds of human creativity can bear fruit for the sake of
the entire world. It is a chance to prove that it's


Tyropucrioy

possible to turn back humanity's slow slide into de-
struction, and in so doing the fallen might redeem
themselves of their past sins. It isa slim hope to be sure,
but for beings who once lit the stars no challenge is too
great to overcome.

Moov

There are a number of moods that you as the
Storyteller can evoke in a chronicle set in Los Ange-
les, not the least of which is a pervading feeling of
uncertainty and fear for what the future may hold
Everyone in the city senses that LA's future lies in the
balance: with the right leadership and a renewed
commitment to the people of the city, Los Angeles
could enjoy a rebirth that will sustain it for genera-
tions to come. But the past has shown that real change
is difficult to come by. The Watts riots didn't prevent
the Rodney King riots decades later, nor did the
discovery of corruption in the police department in
the ‘40's prevent the Rampart scandals fifty years later.
There is every possibility that things will go tight back
to the way they were before the Devil's Night quake,
and if that happens the city might never recover.

There are a plethora of other moods that you can
evoke, compare and contrast in the devastated city. Los
Angeles, sharply divided along economic and racial
lines before the quake has, ifanything been more starkly
separated by piles of rubble and blackened storefronts.
Watts is a burnt-out shell that still seethes with anger
and the threat of violence, while Beverly Hills has used
its wealth and political power to quickly repair the
damage and return to its old, shallow pursuits. One can
cruise the almost surreal opulence of Rodeo Drive and
thena couple of miles later descend into the ruins of the
Hollywood suburbs. Anger and despair, desperation
and decay war with the glamour and decadence of the
city's wealthy elite. It is an uneasy balance that grows
more precarious by day, but no one can say for sure
which way things will go.

a
How To Use THis Rook

This book is divided into five chapters, each of
which details a specific aspect of the setting, charac-
ters and Storytelling opportunities in Los Angeles.
Remember, though, that the most important "chap-
ter" ina storytelling game is your imagination. Never
let anything in this book act as a substitute for your

Chapter One: After the Fire provides informa-
tion on the history and geography of Los Angeles,
including the recent arrival of the fallen, the depreda-
tions of the monstrous Earthbound and the devastating
events of the Devil's Night earthquake and the riots
that followed.

Chapter Two: Broken Wings contains back-
ground on the courts, Houses and factions active in
the city with Storyteller suggestions on incorporating
these elements into your stories and chronicles.

Chapter Three: Behind the Mask provides a
wealth of character profiles detailing the major mov-
ers and shakers among the fallen in the city, as well as
a host of secondary characters and "bit players" —
fallen whom Storytellers can use as random encoun-
ters, antagonists or merely local color for stories set in
Los Angeles and elsewhere.

Chapter Four: The Infernal Court details the
organization and inner workings of the ruling courts of
the fallen, from the responsibilities of the local tyrant
down to the functions of his five ministers.

Chapter Five: Lost Souls introduces the "ren-
egades" of fallen society — demons who exist on the
fringes of the infernal court or stand in direct opposi-
tion to its corrupt and malevolent ways.

REFERENCE Books

No single book can provide a complete picture of
the people, places and culture of a city as large and
dynamic as Los Angeles. The following reference
works may help provide a more comprehensive pic-
ture of the City of Angels and add color to your stories
and chronicle:

California Nevada Tourbook, by the American
Automobile Association

Yesterday's Los Angeles, by Norman Dash

Islands in the Street: Gangs and American
Society, by Martin Sanchez Jankowski

Sixty Yearsin Southern Califomia, by Harris Newmark

Sex, Death and God in L.A., edited by David Reid

Los Angeles From the Days of the Pueblo, by
W. W. Robinson

Los Angeles: A Guide to the City and Its Envi-
rons, by the Writers Program of the WPA of
Southern California

Jrban

Tap. Crtor GELS
AND -LAICIFER TADOW

More information on the Devil's Night
riots, Lucifer's appearance, and the aftermath
of the event as seen through the eyes of the

fallen can be found in-White Wolfs fiction
anthology Lucifer's Shadow. You don't need the
anthology ‘to use ‘this book, but the stories,
characters and events described therein: are
another potential source of inspiration for sto-
ries set in Los Angeles.



"If God doesn't smite Hollywood Boulevard, He owes
Sodom and Gomorrah an apology."

— Jay Leno

Fornearly five decades LA has enjoyed its reputation
as a forward-looking city with the best police force in the
world. Now constant scandals and disasters plague the
metropolis as if a higher power were determined to
punish the city for its hubris. Despite these problems, the
city's government used the lull between the last two
earthquakes (1993 and the recent Devil's Night Quake)
to build a moder Millennium City worthy of the old
ideal. They sought to make Los Angeles not only the
entertainment capital of the world, but also the cultural
capital as well. "Notice the instantly recognizable skyline
of downtown LA," they cry. "Enjoy the world famous
dining, the dozens of museums, the hundreds of theater
and performance spaces." And they hope that the world
will accept this image. Beneath the facade, however, the
beautiful surface is riddled with age-old corruption.

The high ground and outlying suburbs — especially
the coastline — are the realm of the wealthy, while the
inner-city and the low ground between the hills is
riddled by rival gangs, ano-man's-land populated by the
desperate poor. The marked discrepancy of wealth splits
along racial lines and perpetuates tensions between.
white, Asian, black and Latino.

Yet LA is a city born of racial diversity. When the
first pueblos were erected in this spot destined to become
Los Angeles, native, Mexican, and black laborers built
them. Chinese immigrants arrived during the Gold Rush
of the 1849, and a beautiful Little Tokyo resides in the
heart of LA Recently Koreans have migrated to the city
in increasing numbers, and Los Angeles has as many
Latinos as Mexico City. Often immigrating illegally,
Latinos comprise the largest ethnic minority.

This dichotomy of desire and reality has formed a
veritable feast for the fallen who feed on faith — not
hope, faith. Hope involves closing one's eyes toadanger
and wishing for it to pass, whereas with faith, one's eyes
are wide open to surrounding circumstance, yet one
knows that all will be well in the end. While the city's
teeming hordes are indeed jaded and seemingly im-
mune to the man-made illusions surrounding them, the
power of faith sustains them. For the past ten years,
Angelinos have watched their city tear itself apart and
yet they remain, confident that the worst is behind
them. This remarkable belief is a beacon to every fallen
across the world.


10

Fisrory.

The story of Los Angeles began on August 2, 1769,
when an expedition led by Gaspar de Portola camped
for a night by a river called Porciuncula. The captain
was delighted by what he saw and his discovery led to
the founding of a nearby mission two years later. On
September 4, 1781 settlers founded "El Pueblo de la
Reyna de los Angeles," or "The Town of the Queen of
Angels." It was built for the Spanish aristocracy with
the blood of native Indians and African slaves.

The town grew slowly but steadily until it was ceded
to the American army during the Mexican-American war
after a mostly bloodless exchange. In 1850, Los Angeles
was incorporated and named seat of the county that bore
the same name. During the California Gold Rush, the city
prospered as an oasis for drinking, gambling and whoring.
Eventually the city's residents took up ranching, but a
series of droughts brought an end to the cattle business. Los
Angeles might arguably have died then and there but for
the advent of the iron horse. Railroad barons shipped the
indigenous oranges back east while launching a massive
advertising campaign encouraging people to migrate west.
It was an effort to increase the use of the railway and
subsequently increase their revenue.

Two things stood in the rail barons' way: Los
Angeles had neither an adequate water supply nor a
natural harbor. A mighty struggle between the South-
ern Pacific Railroad and the Free Harbor League ended
when the railroad acquired San Pedro and Wilmington.
These areas were built into the first municipal harbor in
1914, the same year the Panama Canal was completed.
Almost overnight, the Los Angeles harbor became the
busiest on the Western Coast.

The water supply they took from the Owens Valley
250 miles to the north, buildingan aqueduct to carry the
melting snow of the Sierras down into the desert. On
the day he inaugurated this mighty subjugation of
nature, water-bureau superintendent William
Mulholland is quoted as saying, "Here it is, take it."

In no other city is hedonism so openly and actively
pursued. In 1913, awritercommented, "Virtue has become
virulent," and this pursuit of vice has meant that crime has
always been rampant in LA. The police force of the early
1900'sisnow famous for its corruption. Itis therefore ironic
that amidst such depredation a Prohibitionist named
Horace Wilcox founded a subdivision intended as ahaven
for the righteous. He called it Hollywood. But of course,
Los Angeles absorbed Horace's enclave in 1910 during
another drought, and a year later, the first film studio was
built. The cinematic stars, however quickly moved into
the more exclusive environs of Beverly Hills.

As the film industry was building up its famed temples
of illusion, a second, much poorer culture was developing

Cry oF ANGELS

in the West. While the rich built their luxury retreats, the
impoverished traveled west to fuel the fires of industry, all
the while building their own neighborhoods,

In LA, these communities of wanton wealth and
grim poverty are separated only by the thin blue line of
the police force, an organization with a checkered past as
shady and brutal as any in the great cities of the East
Coast. The perceived corruption of the police force
constantly set them at odds with the less-fortunate of Los
Angeles, occasionally boiling over in disgraceful episodes
such as the infamous "Zoot Suit Riots" of 1943, when
dozens of furloughed soldiers and sailors beat and raped
Latino women and the police did nothing to intervene.
Eight years after the Zoot Suit Riots, police officers beat
seven Latino youths with gloved fists and wet rags until
the walls of the holding cells were covered with blood.
Known as Bloody Christmas, the officers mistakenly
believed that the boys had maimed a fellow policeman.

There were several small riots in the early part of the
decade, culminating in the infamous Watts Riots. On
August 11, 1965, police officers pulled over a black
motorist for reckless driving. Although he failed a field
sobriety test, by the time he was arrested a crowd had
formed. What began as a peaceful gathering flared into
violence when a rumor circulated that the police were
abusing one of the protesters, a pregnant woman. That
rumorsparked afire which would rage for six days, leaving
34 dead and over a thousand injured. Property damage
was estimated at forty million dollars, and although the
violence never strayed beyond the boundary of Watts, all
of Los Angeles locked their doors and prayed.

Until the turn of the millennium, the LAPD had
been completely independent of civilian politics. The
only control that could be exerted on the police came via
the budget and the election of a new chief. Since the city
council could not fire an existing police chief, he could
only be replaced if the chief retired or was convicted of a
felony. Asa result the chief of police wielded as much —
or more — political power as the mayor. This lack of
external oversight only aggravated the public's distrust of
the police force, a situation that would bear bitter fruit
during a routine traffic stop in 1992.

This was the famous case of Rodney King, whose
encounter with police was captured on videotape by
once of the city's ubiquitous news flights. The whole
tape showed King charging a police officer, then three
officers viciously subduing the hapless King with metal
batons while other police officers seemingly stood by
and watched. However, by the time the tape reached
the air King's initial attack had been edited out, so that
it appeared the officers had simply pulled an innocent
black man out of a car and beat him.

Itwas this edited tape which played every day onevery
news station across the world. It was this edited version


Cuaprer OVE

which led the world to believe the case was a straightfor-
ward example of police brutality. It was this edited image
which caused the whole of Los Angeles to offer up a prayer
that they would never encounter such police officers.

A year later whena nearlyall white jury, who hadseen
the unedited tape and learned that the police officers had
spentfive toeight minutes trying to subdue King peaceably
and that King had shrugged off two hits from a Taser,
acquitted the police officers of all charges, the black gangs
decided they would exact their revenge in blood.

LA erupted. These riots were not confined toasingle
areaas the Watts Riotshad been, nordid the violence ebb
during daylight hours, as it had in the past. All told, the
riots claimed 55 lives, injured over 2,000, burned over
800 buildings, and inflicted an estimated damage in
excess of $900 million. Ittook the LAPD, the LA sheriff's
department, the National Guard and federal troops to
put an end to six days of assaults, arson and pillage.

The trials and scandals that rocked LA over the next
four years included the firing of a police chief for corrup-
tion, a massive police scandal in the Rampart division
that tainted more than 70 officers, the failure of several
high-publicity efforts to rebuild the devastated areas of
the city and an energy crisis that menaced the population
with rolling blackouts. By 2001, it appeared that the
worst was finally over. There were still severe tensions
between City Halland the police department, but relent-
less internal investigations and media scrutiny began to
have a telling effect on the way the LAPD operated.
Tensions within the public sectors began to wane, and
bold new proposals to restore the ravaged sections of the
city were gaining support with local leaders.

It was the calm before the storm.

THE STORM BREAKS

Ironically, given the upheavals that rocked Los
Angeles in the latter half of the twentieth century, the
arrival of the fallen actually proved somewhat benefi-
cial to the city. In the beginning, the City of Angels was
not occupied by any more demons than other cities
around the globe, but as time passed and the fallen
realized the depth of the city's influence worldwide, a
kind of latter-day "gold rush" occurred. Fallen from
across the world made their way to Los Angeles, each
‘one eager to bend the movie studios and production
houses to their will. These demons quickly moved to
enthrall any influential mortal they could find, from
government officials to powerful gang leaders in South
Central. The result, oddly, was a general muting of the
city's internal tensions and general divisiveness, as the
fallen focused their energies on building their power
base in their own patient, methodical fashion.

On the whole, Los Angeles was a literal banquet of
Faith for the angels of the Abyss, replete with multitudes

of souls either so shallow or so desperate that they would
sell their souls without a second thought to anyone who
could promise them what they wished. As the number of
demons in the city swelled to over a hundred, territories
shrank and competition for the richer prizes increased. In
most cases such confrontations were resolved without
conflict as the fallen involved fell back on the rules of
rank and precedence that allowed the Infernal Host to
function during the war. As the old "pecking order"
became increasingly prevalent it also became apparent
that it was only a matter of time before one demon or
another took the next logical course and laid claim to Los
Angeles as its lawful tyrant. Seeing the writing on the
wall, a Devil named Spentu Mainyu, one of the first
demons to arrive in the city, assumed the title and formed
the City of Angels' first infernal court. In reality, the
court itself was little more than a fagade, with ministers
who were handpicked for their rivalries and feuds with
one another. The result was an artifice that seemed to

impose order, while in reality allowing Spentu Mainyu

enough influence and protection to continue his cam-
paign toseize control of the city's entertainment industry.

‘Tue EARTHROUND

Even as the fallen population of the city swelled and
Spentu Mainyv's court sought to impose a modicum of law
and order, the demons of Los Angeles were unaware of a
trio of monsters gathering in their midst. The Earthbound,
awakened:from centuries of'shimber by.the return of the
fallen, moved quickly to piece together whatremained of
their fragmentary cults and pursue an agenda ofenslave-
mentiand destruction against'the angels of the Abyss.

The fitst of these monstrous creatures to artive'in Los
Angeles was ademon by the name of Enshagkushanna,
a lesser Earthbound as,these powerful beings reckoned
themselves, whdinitially'settled in the Hollywood Hills
and started his owmcampaign of conquest aimed at the
city's government and entertainment industries. For a
few months the Earthbound washhighly successful, pen-
etrating offices and studios where Spentu Mainyu had
come up short, and it.the process enslaving anumber of
newly-arrived fallen to form a core retinue of protectors
and servants. Left to his own devices; Enshagkushanna
might have become a serious threat to the city's court
within a very short amount of time, but fate intervened
in the form of the Earthbound''s liege lord, the featsome
monster known as Dagon. Los Angeles had attracted'the
attention of the great Earthbound Archduke, but not for
its wealth or world influence. Dagon informed his vassal
that there was reason to believe that the lost Prince of the
fallen, Lucifer the Betrayer, was somewhere in the city,
and had in fact been there for quite some time. The arch-
demon commanded Enshagkushanna to find the
Morningstar regardless of the cost, and Enshagkushanna
hastened to obey.

{1

Not long after this sudden tum of events a second
thbound appeared in the city, settling into the violent
South Central housing projects. Manishtusu, the mad Lord
of Murder, arrived forthe same reason that Dagon had taken
asucden interest in the city, and its influence spread like a
cancer through the neighborhood's gangs, turning them out
like hounds after the scent of the Morningstar. Before long
the two Earthbound were in open conflict withoneanother,

touching off sporadic episodes of violence that the press
wrote off as a resurgence of gang warfare and Spentu

Mainyu's court paid little heed to

For several months, as summer turned into autumn,
the two monstrous Earthbound circled one another like
hungry lions, searching for their former Prince and wait-
ing for the right moment to strike. Despite their best
efforts, neither side had uncovered any proof that the
Morningstar hid among the people of Los Angeles, butas
their influence spread and the number of their human
and fallen servants increased, the chances of discovery —
and open war — grew with each passing day

Devit's Night

The spark that ignited the City of Angels was struck
by another Earthbound, none other than Belial, the Great
Beast himself. The fearsome Archduke, drawn to the city
like the rest by the lure of the hated Morningstar, quickly
grasped the balance of power between the two Earthbound

City OF ANGELS

and approached both in secret. Belial promised to add his
considerable might to theirs in return for their service in
seeking out the Prince of Lies. Both demons agreed, and
were told to await the Great Beast' signal. Ie came in the
form ofa7.2 magnitude earthquake, striking the city in the
middle of rush hour on the night before Halloween.

The Devil's Night earthquake devastated the Tri-
County area, cutting power and water lines to more than
90% of the city and starting fires that the city authorities
were powerless to stop. In the ensuring chaos, Belial
unleashed the Earthbound upon the city. The servants of
Manishtusu and Enshagkushanna tore through Los An-
geles in a frenzy, wielding their power with abandon and
reaping an effectively endless supply of Faith from the
traumatized populace. These acts of horror and violence
further provoked the Angelinos into spasms of looting,
arson and murder that quickly coalesced into huge,
uncontrolled riots. Billions of dollars of damage and
hundreds of lives were lost over the next six days, prompt-
ing the governor of California to declare a state of
emergency and activate the National Guard

Despite the presence of armed troops on the street,
the riots continued unabated, fueled by the malevo
lence of the Earthbound and their slaves. The more the
National Guard troops tried to suppress the riots, the
mote inflamed the crowds became, creating a vicious
cycle that showed no signs of ceasing. After five days the


Ciaprer ONE

city was still in flames, and the city government feared
that Los Angeles might not survive. Meanwhile, the
noose was tightening around the city as the Earthbound
focused their search on the downtown area. Then, at
11:00 PM on November 3, in a plaza near the ruins of
City Hall, three hundred Guardsmen, nearly a thou-
sand rioters and agents of nearly every major worldwide
news network were stunned into silence by a vision of
radiance and power notseen since the world was young

It was an angel, terrible in its beauty and majesty,
blazing like anewborn star over the seething multitudes
fighting in the plaza below. People forgot what they
were doing and fell to their knees, overcome by the
sheer wonder of the sight. The light of the angel's
revelation could be seen from all over the city, and for
the space of a single heartbeat a hush fell over the
ravaged downtown area. Then, as quickly as it had
appeared, the vision was gone. Looking back, city
officials mark that moment as the high-water mark of
the riots; after the appearance of the angel the city
seemed to return to its senses, and the violence quickly
tapered off. What's more, local churches, mosques and
synagogues were flooded with multitudes of people,
young and old, their faith in the divine lent new power
by the image they'd seen.

No mortal understood the meaning of the vision
numerous theories would circulate in the days and

months following the riots — but every demon across
the globe recognized the glorious image. Lucifer,
Morningstar, Prince of the Fallen, walked the streets of
the City of Angels.

With the sudden reappearance of the Morningstar
few demons can resist the call of Los Angeles. They
flock to the city, grappling with a host of painful
questions. Why did you abandon us, Lucifer? Where have
you been? Isit for this sterile, heartless world that we endured
millennia of damnation? All these questions might at long
last be answered, and the fallen have not been slow to
seek satisfaction.

GrocrarHy:

Los Angeles rests on flat plateau between the Santa
Monica Mountains to the northwest, the San Gabriel
Mountains to the north and the San Bernardino Moun-
tains to the northeast. The heat rising from the valley
acts like a lid over a pot, trapping moisture and man-
made pollution in a thick, gray pall of smog that hangs
over the city well into the evening each day.

The boundaries of Los Angeles encompass over 80
different townships, some incorporated and some inde
pendent, which in turn have spread over three counties
(Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside). This is why the
urban sprawl is also referred to as the Tri-County Area

13

‘Tue Coast

The Los Angeles coast covers 72 miles of terrain,
including Santa Monica, Venice and Long Beach.
Because of the weak foundations the beach provides,
most of the beachfront properties were destroyed by the
Devil's Night Earthquake.

Santa Monica

Jokingly referred to.as the "Home of the Homeless,"
this well-off beach community is indeed home to vast
numbers of the unwashed, the unwanted and the un-
healthy. This dichotomy makes the city a haven for
almost all the houses of the fallen. Devils luxuriate
amongst the rich and powerful in their beachfront
palaces. Scourges might find themselves drawn to the
soup kitchens that feed the army of homeless. Malefac-
tors appreciate the skill to be found in the multitude of
shops. Devourers move through the booming culture of
street performers. Defilers relax on the shores of the
Pacific Ocean, and Slayers are drawn to the despair of
the homeless. Of all the Houses, the Fiends take the
in Santa Monica, due to the proximity
of UCLA as well as the eclectic nature of the intellec-
tualism. that pervades this community. The homeless
were prime participants in the riots that followed the
earthquake, causing severe damage that the city is only
beginning to rebuild

¢ The Armand Hammer Museum of Art and
Cultural Center is located in Westwood, the village
community that grew up around UCLA. The museum
is heavily funded by the Armand Hammer estate, the
wealthy industrialist whose name the museum bears. It
often hosts exhibits of rare antiquities in addition to its
excellent collection of paintings by masters such as
Rembrandt, Van Gogh and Monet. It also houses a Da
Vinci manuscript with over 360 drawings as well as a
number of ancient stone tablets written in an as-yet
untranslatable script. Local Fiends and Cryptics in the
area believe the tablets to be relics from the age imme-
diately after the War of Rage, and are eager to study
them if an opportunity presents itself.

° The Veterans Memorial Cemetery is located
along the San Diego Freeway in West Los Angeles,
containing acres upon acres of identical white head-
stones, marking the final resting place of men and
women who lost their lives in service to their country.

* The University of California at Los Angeles
(UCLA) is one of the best-known universities in the
world. Situated on a campus that covers 420 acres,
UCLA enrolls more than 34,000 students a year. No-
Schoenberg Hall and
Royce Hall, where concerts and theatrical productions
are performed for the campus and the general public;
the Edwin W. Pauley Pavilion, a major sports complex

greatest intere:

table areas on campus include:

Ciry oF ANGELS

3%. STREET PROMENADE

‘The 3" Street Promenade is a thtee-block s
tion of boulevard that is a‘calliope of shops, cafes,
bookstores and restaurants in Sarita Monica. Many
of the shops and stores were damaged to one degree
‘or another by the riots but remain open for business.
Several_are owned and operated by the fallen:

© The White Tiger is run by Andrew Lau.
Essentially, The White Tiger is a curio shop special-
izing in Chinese esoterica, and as such does a modest
business among the culturally oblivious American
tourists. A newly arrived demon, however, might
find herself drawn to the back room, where Mr. Lau
Keeps several family heirlooms that resonate strongly
with imbued faith. (see Chapter Three, page 58).

* Vertigo Coffeehouse was opened by Julian
Forester (see Chapter Thtee, page 50) as a parlor for
political conversations. The fallen of the city are all
welcomed to a secret, private back room, and are all
expected to leave their rank and rancor at the door.
Like the salons of revolutionary France, any topic is
permissible and excessive emotions encouraged, but
being personally offensive is frowned upon. Ifa

fallen. is too rude to a. more senior demon, she might
find herself a target of that senior's wrath. All are free
to speak, but only the foolish speak freely

* Johnson & Crowley Booksellers is not open to
the public, although the door is directly across from the
very popular Black Box Theater and easily seen. Custom-
etsareseen byappointmentonly, and thoseappointments
are given out only rarely.'They are antique book deale
Fallen with police contacts might lea that there is no
Mr. Crowley, and Mr. Johnson is currently under inves-
tigation for the suspicious disappearance of his live-in au
pait (see Chapter Three, page 57).

* Black Box Theater is one of thefirst of the 99-seat
theaters, so called: because the regulations of the actors
‘union a performer must be paid mote if they play to an
audience of a hundred or more. The Black Box Theater
hasbeen opensince the sixties and specializes in one-acts
and plays with themes of racial equality. The current star
isan Hispanic performer named Carlos Reyes (see Chap-
ter Three, page 75), whose monologues on the sufferings
of the Mexican-American in Los Angeles are passionate
without being inflammatory.

 Khau Kaen is a world-renowned Thai restaurant
mainly. because of the chef, Tommy Yongchaiyut (see
Chapter Three, page 76) whoarrived in thiscountry in the
earlyseventies. Tommy isfamous fortwo things: hislemon
chicken and his temper, He has been known to physically
eject customers who request special orders, and in the
eighties he published an ad in the LA Weekly defying local
food ctitics to find fault with his lemon chicken. There
were many takers and not one negative review.

Ciapren OVE

that housed part of the 1984 Olympic events; the
Franklin D. Murphy Sculpture Garden, includingbronze
sculptures by Henry Moore; the Mildred E. Mathias
Botanical Garden, containing eight acres of native,
subtropical and exotic plants (a place where young
women are cautioned not to walk alone); the Wright
Art Gallery, which hosts major art exhibits all year; and
the Anderson School of Business, regarded as one of the
top business schools in the country.

UCLA suffered considerable damage from rioters
in the first few days of the Devil's Night riots, with
extensive property damage to administrative buildings
and the school library. There are rumors that a number
of very old and closely-guarded manuscripts of un-
known provenance were taken from the library vaults
during the violence, and though an investigation is
being quietly pursued by the school and the local
authorities, the culprits have not been found.

* The Self-Realization Fellowship Lake Shrine is
located in the ritzy neighborhood of Pacific Palisades.
The Shrine is a 10-acre site with a lake and a "wall-less
temple" housing the Gandhi World Peace Memorial.
There is also a bird refuge, a sunken garden and various
scale-model buildings representing the five major reli-
gions of the world. The shrine is watched over by LA's
renegade fallen (see Chapter Five), and is the site of
their infrequent meetings.

* Century City, located just west of Beverly Hills,
is a combination of high-rise office buildings and a
massive shopping complex, all occupying several city
blocks, and was built by optimistic developers as a mini-
city of the future. There are numerous law offices as well
as doctor's offices (many specializing in cosmetic sur-
gery) in the high-rises and the expensive Century City
Hospital complex on the south side of the area. ABC
has a huge entertainment complex located there, fea-
turing several large movie theaters and the Schubert
Theater. The Century Plaza Hotel is home to travelers
from all over the world. The Century City Shopping
Plaza has movie theaters, major department stores,
trendy boutiques, bistro-type restaurants and a huge
parking complex which is often used to film car chases
for action movies.

The Devil's Night earthquake and the resulting
riots caused millions of dollars in damage to the Cen-
tury City complex, affecting the foundations of the
Century Plaza Hotel and causing fires at the Shopping
Plaza that burned for 36 hours before firefighters could
gather a sizeable enough police escort to hold looters
at bay so they could fight the blaze. Owners and
investors have been abandoning their stake in the
devastated complex by the score, and rumor in the
Infernal Court has it that a group of Reconcilers are
seeking funds to buy into Century City, perhaps with

the intent of fulfilling the developers' original goal of
creating a self-sufficient community.

© Los Angeles Mormon Temple is one of the largest
Mormon temples in the world, dominated by a 15-foot-tall
golden statue of the angel Moroni, perched high atop a 257-
foot tower. The sanctuary itself is closed to non-Mormons,
but tours are given of the rest of the facility, and the vast
genealogical library is open for the general public to use.

For days after the earthquake local tabloids carried
astory that claimed the temple's angelic statue came to
life when it was struck by the light of Lucifer's revela-
tion, climbing down from its tower and wandering the
temple until nearly dawn. Reportedly, the angel was
confronted at one point by church elders, and the statue
spoke to them in a language that none could under-
stand. Church officials refuse to confirm or deny these
stories, or rumors that some of the angels' speech was
recorded and kept for later study.

© Culver City is home to a number of movie
studios, past and present, including lots belonging to
greats such as Selznick and DeMille, RKO Studios,
United Artists, Desilu, MGM, Lorimar and Sony.

MALIBU

Malibu was originally part of a large land grant
owned in the early part of the century by a woman
named Mary Rindge. Rindge fought a 27-year court
battle to hang onto her property in face of LA's desire to
build a road from the coast inland to the Valley. Rindge
ultimately lost her case in the Supreme Court, and
seeing the writing on the wall began to sell off parcels of
her land. One of these parcels, a very exclusive beachfront
area, became the Malibu Colony orsimply "The Colony".
Much like Fire Island in New York, The Colony was a
place where writers, artists and people in the movie
industry fled to escape the pressures of business in
Hollywood and Beverly Hills in the 1930s and 1940s.
Though the area no longer holds the same reputation
for decadence and excess that it enjoyed in its heyday,
the area is still home to many actors and artists, many of
whom saw their multimillion-dollar homes damaged or
destroyed in the Devil's Night quake.

© The J. Paul Getty Museum was built on the
estate of the former billionaire and overlooks the Cali-
fornia coast. This world-renowned landmark is a
recreation of an ancient Roman villa that holds a
magnificent collection of Greek and Roman antiquities
and illuminated manuscripts, as well as rooms of 18"
and 19" century art and furnishings.

© The Santa Monica Mountains National Recre-
ation Area is full of Indian sites and has been used for
cabins and retreats, movie locations and numerous
ranches. It includes state beaches, county parks, canyon
preserves and many scenic corridors. There are at least

15

24 different park areas, as well as the famous Paramount
Ranch. 150,000 actes of rugged mountains, steep can-
yons, woodlands and beach are included in this area,
providing plentiful areas to visit for hikers and campers.
The recreation area has been officially closed since the
earthquake, as the local park service attempts to round
up the scattered bands of homeless people who fled into
the area to escape the worst of the Devil's Night riots.

VENICE

Originally founded by Abbot Kinney, a native of New
Jersey who had to move west for his health, the city was
designed around a 15-mile network of canals based on
those in Venice, Italy. Unfortunately, in 1930 many of
these canals were filled in, but some remain as a memorial
to Mr. Kinney's artistic vision. Venice Beach isa laid back
community of aginghippies, unemployed actorsandbeach
bums, famous for its bikini-clad bikers and rollerskaters.

Venice is most popular with the European visitors
because of its Old World appeal, andhas become the home
of several fallen Cryptics. Two factors explain the presence
of these demons: first, it is near to LAX, serving the
faction's stated goal of controlling major transportation
hubsaround the world. The second reason revolves around
an obscure piece of local history. Legend has it that the
explorer Juan Cabrillo possessed an ancient sextant of
unusual accuracy, but lost it on an expedition in Southern
California. Gripontel (see Chapter Three, page 60), a
leading light of the Cryptics, believes that the legendary
sextant might possibly be an item he created for mortal
navigatorsduringthe Age of Wrath. The tool wasdesigned
to lead its bearer to any destination she desired, but
afterwards had a habit of disappearing. Gripontel has
settled in the area in hopes of locating the lost relic.

Manna ve Rea

Marina del Rey is an upscale beach community
sporting colorful Cape Cod-style buildings along the
harbor that house trendy shops and restaurants, includ-
ing subsidiaries of famous Italian eateries in San Francisco.

CATALINA ISLAND

Catalina Island serves primarily as a vacation spot
for the excessively wealthy who don't wish to travel far.
Easily reached by ferry, the island (full name Santa
Catalina Island) swarms with tourists during the day,
but becomes isolated by night. Naturally the riots of
Devil's Night never reached the island but the earth-
quake did inflict a fair amount of damage. Catalina
Island has recently become the lair of the Earthbound
demon Enshagkushanna (see chapter Two, page 33).

Bever.ta Minis

Beverly Hills has never been incorporated into Los
Angeles, possessing an independent police force and gov-
erning body. Its fame for wealth is well deserved. For the

Ciry oF ANGELS

fallen it is surprisingly fallow ground — what use have the
rich for faith? However, the allure of money has attracted
Devils who are as concerned for power as they are for
retinues of thralls. Defilers also find themselves drawn to
the area's culture of status and beauty. The autonomy of
this city has always protected it from the worst of the social
unrest that has plagued LA, and such proved tobe the
for Devil's Night. Earthquake damage in the city wa
moderate, but much of it has already been repaired — in
Beverly Hills, appearance is everything.

* Rodeo Drive is the place where people with more
money than sense shop. Surgically-enhanced shop as-
sistants are expected to sell attitude along with their
merchandise. What the merchandise is does not matter
so long as it has the proper tag or emblem. Such is the
importance of this self image that Rodeo Drive was
completely repaired and open for business two days after
the Devil's Night riots.

¢ Sunset Boulevard, known locally as Sunset Strip,
is primarily a tourist trap. Its multitude of clubs, restau-
rants, and shops (such as The Roxy, The Rainbow Bar
& Grill, the original Spago, the Viper Room, the
Comedy Store) are world-renowned but avoided by the
locals (except the tasteless rich) because of the attitude
of the employees and the steep prices. Because ironi-
cally, the outside dressing of the Strip is less important
than what is inside, the Strip was quickly and easily
repaired after Devil's Night. Isaiah Lincoln (see Chap-
ter Three, page 57) works the Roxy as a bouncer.

* The Beverly Hills Hotel, also known as the Pink
Palace, is practically a temple to hedonism, and as such
tends to be the center of Defiler activity for the city. And
yes, the entire hotel is done in pink. The barand restaurant
are open to the public but only the rich, beautiful or
popular can afford to stay there long. Unscrupulous agents
come here to make deals with even more unscrupulous
producers while the clients lounge around trying to look
unconcerned while attracting as much attention as they
can. Here is where Barbie Wentworth (see Chapter Thre:
page 76) comes to watch and be watched, anda few tables
away sits Sally Finn (see Chapter Three, page 70) with her
cell phone glued to her eat.

HoLLawoop

Hollywood is best known as the birthplace of the
studio system for the movie industry, but those days
have longsince past. What remains is acommunity that
dwells in the memories of illusions from days gone by.
Houses in the Hollywood Hills still command millions
of dollars but the neighborhoods they stare down on
have gone to seed. This is primarily a Hispanic neigh-
bothood and prime grounds for gang recruitment. This
poverty makes Hollywood an epicenter for the riots of
Devil's Night, and much of the area still lies in ruin.

eee


Cipter OVE

* The Walk of Fame is another world famous tourist
attraction. Covering several city blocks, consisting of
over 2,000 tiles and swept six times a day, the walk is the
cleanest attraction that has ever encouraged people to
walk all over it. This is the main haunt of Mae West (see
Chapter Three, page 86).

* The Museum of Death, the door of which is next
to Bela Lugosi's star on the Walk of Fame, contains such
items as a baseball autographed by Charles Manson and
original paintings by John Wayne Gacy. Otherwise it is
filled with information and displays concerning suicide,
mass murderers and other aspects of unnatural termina-
tions regardless of taste or propriety. It is numbing to the
average person, but heaven for the Goths of the city.
What police suspect is that the owner of the museum,
Michael Gutenov (see Chapter Three, page 87), is no
longer content with preserving the efforts of other people
but now wants to add his own mark to the scene.

Wello

WeHo is short for West Hollywood, and is also
known as Boy's Town. It is the second largest gay
community in California (the biggest is the Castro
district in San Francisco). It is a tidy, middle class area
with a healthy street life to the outside observer. WeHo
suffered greatly from Devil's Night. First the earthquake
did massive damage, then the proximity of South Cen-
tral and Hollywood meant much of the rioting spilled
over into WeHo, and finally the resurgence of religion
following Lucifer's brief reappearance has caused an
increase in hate crimes in the area. The community is
the territory of Vohu Mano (see Chapter Three, page
72), one of the most prominent fallen of the city.

¢ The Miracle Mile is an exception to the other-
wise affluent WeHo. This section of Wilshire Road in
the southeast part of WeHo has become a popular image
of urban decay. Once a bustling business district, it now
stands abandoned and broken, and is frequently used by
the film industry whenever they need a post-apocalyp-
tic feel. lronically its abandoned deprivation spared the
Miracle Mile from much of the damage of the Devil's
Night Riots but not the earthquake. Robin Jang (see
Chapter Three, page 81) haunts this area, punishing
whatever drug dealers he happens upon.

PASADENA

Pasadena isa bustling, middle-class suburb. A newly
finished mall permits people to avoid the evils of free-
way travel and inflated costs, and an influx of college
students into Old Town has caused an increase in the
night life. Pasadena is built practically on the San
Andreas Fault, and as such usually suffers the worst in
earthquakes, but paradoxically suffered only minordam-
age from the Devil's Night quake. The area did suffer a
large amount of property damage during the riots that

followed, however, and the community hassince formed
a well-organized — and aggressive — citizen's watch.

¢ The Rose Bowl is famous for its New Year's Day
parades and college football, but of more interest to the
fallen is the flea market held here in the parkingloton the
second Sunday of every month. Many different trinkets
have found their way into this market and while most are
junk, some are of great value. Nash Alhomany (see
Chapter Three, page 63) is a common sight from the
moment the Market opens at sunrise until after it closes
at sunrise the following morning. He prowls the grounds,
darkly muttering to himself about thieves and treasures.

© The Huntington Library isa combination botani-
cal garden/museum/library, and has been closed for repairs
since Devil's Night, but the city council is striving to
convince the caretakers to reopen as a demonstration of
how LA is getting on with life. The gardens include the
Shakespeare, Palm, Herb, Desert, Zen, Rose, Australian,
Subtropical, Camellia, a lily pond, and, of course, an
orange grove. The library houses one of the world's great
collections of rare books and manuscripts, including a
Gutenberg Bible, the Ellesmere Chaucer and Ben
Franklin's handwritten autobiography. The art gallery
contains 18*-century British and European paintings,
rare tapestries, porcelains, miniatures, sculpture and fur-
niture. Three different fallen call the Huntington Library
home. Hannah Klein (see Chapter Three, page 69) rules
the library proper, while Violet Takahashi (see Chapter
Three, page 80) tends the gardens as Head Gardener, and
Nathaniel Hildalgo oversees the art gallery.

¢ The California Institute of Technology
(Caltech) is an internationally-renowned institution
that has been home to some of the great scientific minds
of the past century. Of particular interest are the miles
and miles of tunnels in which clever students have run
some frighteningly realistic live action games. The
campus has become a favorite of local Fiends, who are
drawn to the institute's cutting edge research into
quantum mechanics and nanotechnology.

* Descanso Gardens, located in La Canada
Flintridge, is home to 100,000 camellias from around
the world, as well as roses, lilacs, orchids and other
exotic flora. There is a Japanese garden and teahouse
located on the grounds, and horticultural lectures are
presented in the nearby George Van de Kamp Hall.

* The Windsor Home remains one of the most
popular sites for young men to test their courage and frat
houses to test their pledges on Halloween night because
of local lore involving bizarre hauntings and a string of
gruesome murders in the old mansion. The crimes were
never solved, but since then two tragic accidents have
claimed the lives of curiosity seekers. Both involved
healthy young men slipping over a banister and falling
to their deaths. In the second case the accident was


18

witnessed by several friends who swear the youth was
picked up by an invisible force and thrown over the rail.
Nowadays the groundsare closed but determined people
still manage to find their way in. Mauricio "Moco"
Garcia (see Chapter Three, page 81) guards the grounds
at night and kept the old home from the hands of any
would-be arsonists during the riots.

© Angeles National Forest covers 650,000 square
acres in the rugged San Gabriel Mountains, with terrain
running the gamut from desert to high mountain ridges
and heavily-timbered areas that actually see snow in the
winter. There are more than 80 campgrounds, picnic
grounds and five major skiing areas.

Burbank

Thissuburb containssome of the busiest movie studios
in the world, including Universal and Walt Disney Stu-
dios, surrounded by a largely bedroom community for
Angelinos working in the studios and downtown.

© Los Angeles Equestrian Center is where the wealthy
pamper and display their prize horses. A major fire here
during the riots was suppressed through the heroic efforts of
the local fire departments and a large crowd of local volun-
teers, saving the vast majority of the animals from the fire.
Asa gesture of thanks to the community the center hassince
held open house days on the weekend to the general public,
conducting tours and offering free riding lessons.

* Universal City, originally a chicken ranch, was
purchased by Carl Laemmle in 1915 and converted to
a movie studio, making it the only "city" devoted
entirely to movie and television production. Located
south of the Media District in Burbank, this is a very
busy collection of shops and restaurants and features a
tram tour of the Universal Studios' back lot, augmented
byattractions based on King Kongand Battlestar Galactica.
There is also an Entertainment Center where live shows
are performed several times a day and features daring
stuntpeople who recreate notable action settings such
as Conan, Star Trek and Miami Vice. A fantasy recre-
ation of New York, called "Citywalk," also contains
expensive stores and trendy restaurants. Finally, the
complex contains the Universal Amphitheater, which
hosts major concerts during the summer months.

Since the earthquake, Universal City has been the
site of numerous community service and entertainment
programs for homeless families and children injured by
the recent violence.

GrirriTH PARK

Griffith Park covers approximately 4,100 acres of
scrub and hills at the east end of the Santa Monica
Mountains, and is possibly the largest city park in the

world. Mayor Horace Bell accepted the parcel of land on
behalf of the city from Colonel Griffith J. Griffith in 1896,

City oF ANGELS

despite personal suspicions that the generous gift was likely
little more than an elaborate attempt at tax evasion. Then,
in 1903, Griffith was involved in a sensational trial; he
stood charged with the murder of his wife afteraccusingher
of conspiring with the Pope to have him poisoned. He
spenttwo years in San Quentin prison, and upon his retum
to freedom offered the city $100,000 dollars to build an
observatory, though the city refused to have anything todo
with him. When Griffith died in 1919 he left the city
$700,000 dollars for an observatory and a Greek-style
theater. As Griffith was no longer around to embarrass the
city fathers, his bequest was finally accepted.

The park is home to the Los Angeles Zoo, the
Griffith Park Observatory and Planetarium, the Greek
Theater, Travel Town (an outdoor museum of railroad
engines and cars) and a huge carousel, as well as recre-
ational facilities, picnic areas, golf courses, horse trails
and wilderness areas.

© The Los Angeles Zoocovers | 13 acresandcontains
displays of more than 2,000 animals from five continents
depicting their natural settings. There are wildlife shows
and visitors are allowed to bring picnic lunches onto the
grounds. Nearby are the remains of the original LA Zoo,
which was abandoned when the new one was built. The
dark caves, passages and rusting cages provide a nightmar-
ish site for the city's Blood Court (see Chapter Two, page
29) to gather on the nights of the new moon.

* The Griffith Park Observatory and Planetarium,
located on Mount Hollywood, is an excellent place to see a
panoramic view ofthe City of Angels. Oncleareveningsthe
twin refracting telescopes can be used to view the heavens
and the sky is reproduced in the indoor planetarium. There
is also a Hall of Science, with an exhibition depicting
humankind's interaction with space. The highlight of the
observatory for most visitors is the Laserium, in which lasers
and music are combined into mind-boggling shows —
another favorite haunt of the more wistful Fiends.

¢ The Gene Autry Western Heritage Museum
uses paintings, artifacts and audiovisual shows to depict
the history of settlement across the United States.

DowNnTown Los ANGELES

The downtown area has been the site of major reno-
vations forthe twenty ormore years. Theareacontainsone
of the largest collections of convention hotels and confer-
ence centers of any city in the world, surrounded by tall
towers of glass and steel. The Devil's Nightearthquake and
the riots that followed caused enormous damage to the
downtown area, particularly around City Hall and the
downtown police precinct. Repairs are well underway, but
feuds among the city councilmen have slowed the pace
substantially as allegations of mismanagement and out-
right embezzlement of federal disaster funds are traded
back and forth in the city paper.


9

TO sim

Ciapren OVE

SANTA CLARITA
L's)

Sherman Way

THE
SAN
FERNANDO
VALLEY

hd

BURBANK
© cLenoaie

Gripe

TORRANCE:

San Gabriel Mountains

PASADENA,

WHITTIER

HUNTINGTON
BEACH

ANAHEIM gy


20

* Our Lady of Angels Cathedral remains rela-
tively unaffected by the recent earthquake and riots,
except, obviously, for the sudden rush of lapsed Catho-
lics and new believers. It is a classically built stone
cathedral with flying buttresses and soaring stained
glass windows depicting the archangel Michael rebuk-
ing Satan — local clergy believe it to be a miracle that
the windows escaped the earthquake unscathed. The
bishop who oversees the city is Antonio Gabrelli (see
Chapter Three, page 70).

* Olvera Street is one of the oldest streets in Los
Angeles, brought back to life in the 1930s as a Mexican
Marketplace. There are numerous sidewalk shops builtin
the adobe walls as well as stalls and street vendors selling
handicrafts from Mexico. The street continues to do
brisk business despite serious damage from the riots.

* St. John's Church is a replica of an 11 century
church in Toscanella, Italy. Damaged by fire during the
riots, the church officials are trying to raise money to
begin a complete restoration of the structure. The great
church sits dark and silent after sunset, and it is here
that the city's infernal court gathers on the night of the
new moon, performing the rituals of fealty beneath the
high arches of the chapel.

* St. Sophia Cathedral is a Greek Orthodox church
built with beautiful stained-glass windows, large-scale
murals, gilded woodwork and crystal chandeliers. In-
credibly, the church escaped Devil's Night completely
unscathed, convincing many Angelinos, mortal and
fallen alike, that the site is under divine protection.

* Evergreen Cemetery is the oldest cemetery in
the city. The mortal remains of many of LA's movers
and shakers lie in state there. Rumors abound that a
shadowy figure watches over the cemetery after dark,
keeping would-be vandals from disturbing the graves.

© Dodger Stadium was built in a predominantly His-
panic area once known as the Chavez Ravine, and hosts
both professional baseballl and large concerts year round.

* Chinatown took shape in the rundown areas
northeast of the city center in the late 1800s. Now more
than one-fifth of Chinese people in the U.S. live in Los
Angeles County. The region suffered severe damage
during the Devil's Night riots, but the notably insular
residents are in the process of quietly rebuilding the
ruined shops and restaurants.

* Little Tokyo is home to the second-largest Japa-
nese population outside of Japan, exceeded only by San
Francisco. The City Market, a wholesale produce ex-
change, was founded by Japanese and Chinese growers
in 1909, followed by the Flower Mart in 1914. Today
the area is host to the elegant, 21-story Otani Hotel and
four shopping centers, all heavily damaged by the re-
cent earthquake and undergoing renovation.

City or ANGELS

* The Music Center is accessible directly from the
freeway and houses three theaters, including the Dorothy
Chandler Pavilion, the Ahmanson Theater, and the Mark
Taper Forum. Miraculously, the Center escaped serious
damage from theearthquake, and ity officialshave booked
ayearlong series of concerts, plays and operas showcasing
local talent as a means of boosting local spirits.

© The Los Angeles County Museum of Art
(LACMA) is located in the same complex that also
houses the La Brea Tar Pits (a source of considerable
curiosity for local Devourers) and the George C. Page
Museum. LACMA is home to an international collec-
tion of art, from prehistoric to modern. Permanent
exhibits include: Far Eastern art; American and Euro-
pean paintings, furniture and furnishings; sculpture and
decorative art, including Greek, Roman and Assyrian
specimens as well asa large textile and costume exhibit.

The Robert O. Anderson Gallery offers 20°-century
painting and sculpture, as well as special exhibits on loan.
The Pavilion for Japanese Art, and interesting building with
aninteriorcircularramp, wasbuiltforthe famousShin'enkan
paintings and also contains a large netsuke collection. The
pavilion's white window panels are designed to permit only
natural light, as in traditional Japanese homes, and an
interior tiered fountain controls the humidity.

* The Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA)
offers equal time to modern art from 1940 to the present.
MOCA displays paintings, sculptures, environmental
pieces and mixed media, as well as performing arts
programs reflecting the interactive "multimedia" art of
today. The building, designed by Arata Isozaki, is con-
sidered by some to be itself a work of modern art.
MOCA has an auxiliary facility, titled "Temporary
Contemporary," located in Little Tokyo.

© The George C. Page Museum of La Brea Discov-
eries exhibits reconstructed fossils of various Ice Age
animals found in the tar pits between the LA County
Museum of Art and the Pavilion for Japanese Art. The
Rancho La Brea Tar Pits have proven to be a rich source
of information on the Ice Age — the deposits of thick tar
date from prehistoric times, and over the years thousands
of animals have become trapped in the sticky sludge and
died, their bones perfectly preserved. The liquid asphalt
has slowly given up its treasures, and continuing excava-
tion can be viewed at several locations, including an
observation pit. La Brea still bubbles up relics from the
ancient past — who knows what may eventually surface
from its unplumbed depths?

* City Hall is one of the only buildings whose
renovations have actually been completed, and no one is
foolish enough to ask why. The architecture is geometric
and open, intended to reflect a society of the future,
leading back to a maze of hallways and doors. The mayor
and councilmen all have their official offices here as do


Cuverer OVE

many of the city's departments (Sanitation, heath ser-
vice, welfare, etc.), but the Devil's Night earthquake all
but destroyed the building. Trey Daniels (see Chapter
Three, page 50) still comes here ostensibly to oversee the
rebuilding and to keep the mayor informed.

Sour CENTRAL

South Central is the famous "?hood" of music and
movies. A predominately African-American popula-
tion lives in an area of increasing poverty and decreasing
opportunity. Some say the city council built the Staples
center so that white inhabitants would no longer have
to drive into South Central to see the Lakers or the
Kings play in the Forum. For reasons that baffle local
seismologists, South Central was the epicenter of the
Devil's Night quake, causing tremendous devastation
that was further exacerbated by waves of rioters and
vandals. There is very little left standing in South
Central, making it a surreal landscape of ruined houses
ringed by torn chain link fences and abandoned cars.

* The Empire Market is the site of the other
tragedy which inflamed the inhabitants of South Cen-
tral in 1992. Here a Korean woman who owned the
market shot and killed a fifteen year old black girl,
claiming self defense, though the girl was shot in the
back of the head while she was trying to exit the store.
The woman was convicted of voluntary manslaughter,
but a white judge sentenced her to only probation.
During both the ‘92 riot and the Devil's Night riots, a
gang of black youths defended the market from all
would-be looters in order to keep Empire Market intact
as a monument to the injustice blacks must endure in a
white judicial system. The leader of these defenders was
aman called Trip-9 (see page Chapter Three, page 87)

* Nickerson Gardens looms at the border of Watts
near the Century Freeway and the Martin Luther King,
Jr. Hospital/Drew Medical Center. It is the largest gov-
ernment housing project in the western United States,
and is 60/40 black and Hispanic respectively. With a
limited number of entrances and winding streets the
Nickerson Gardens are difficult for strangers to navigate.
The problem is further exacerbated by the Eight Trey
Gangster Crips' habit of removing street signs, the better
to confuse rookie cops. There is an active war between
the gangs and the cops here and the rattle of automatic
weapons is a common sound there day or night. There is
no structural damage in the Gardens because most of the
arsonists running free on Devil's Night originated from
there and had no interest in damaging their own homes.
Psycho (see Chapter Three, page 88) is a prime mover
amongst the Eight Trey gang.

* Hollywood Park, located in Inglewood, is one of
the oldest racetracks on the West Coast. Like many of
the other tracks in LA, Hollywood Park offers races

both day and night. Lately the track has become a
favored spot fora pair of enterprising Devourers who use
their ability to control animals to influence a number of
races for their own monetary gain.

* The Great Western Forum is a Roman-inspired
sports and entertainment complex and the home of the
Los Angeles Lakers (basketball), the Kings (hockey)
and the Strings (tennis), and hosts many concerts and
boxing events. The Forum suffered from fire damage
and minor vandalism during the riots, but the worst has
been speedily repaired.

* University of Southern California (USC) is a
private institution across from Exposition Park and one of
the oldest private universities in the West. Built on 150
acres, USC is home to almost 30,000 students a year.
Widney Alumni House was the first building on campus
and is the second-oldest school structure in California.
The McDonald's Swim Stadium housed the 1984 Olym-
pics swimming and diving events. Near the center of
campus, in Founders Park, isa 400-pound boulder quarried
before 1200 B.C. from ancient Troy — it comes then asno
surprise that the school teams are named "the Trojans."
Amold Schoenberg Institute houses the complete ar-
chives and library of the great 20"-century composer. The
Bing Theater offers theatrical productions year-round.

Unlike UCLA, the University of Southern Califor-
nia escaped the earthquake and riots relatively
unscathed, a fate that surprises the school administra-
tion and local authorities.

Exposirios Pank

Located across Exposition Boulevard from the USC
campus, the area was originally known as "Agricultural
Park," and was developed for annual horse races. The
longest bar in the city was built beneath the track's
grandstand, serving an ocean of beer to race enthusiasts
and gamblers. When gambling was outlawed and horse
racing's popularity declined the park was renovated by
the city government and turned intoa , cultural and
recreational center. The park includesaseven-acre sunken
rose garden that is a popular site for private, outdoor
weddings, as well as the following points of interest:

* The California Afro-American Museum houses
a permanent fine arts and history collection including
paintings, photos, films and artifacts detailing African-
American life.

* The California Museum of Science and Indus-
try offers hands-on exhibits about all aspects of science,
including math, computers, medicine and space tech-
nology. The museum also includes an Aerospace Hall
and an IMAX theater.

* The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles
County contains detailed habitats from around the
world, including a large dinosaur/prehistoric fossil dis-


play, a mineral collection, a cut-gemstone collection
and the skeletal remains of a Megamouth, supposedly
the world's rarest shark. There are also history galleries
showing life in California and the Southwest from 1540
to 1490, as well as pre-Columbian archaeology.

* Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena is an
indoorsports and entertainment facility that ishome to
the Los Angeles Clippers and the USC Trojans basket-
ball teams. Other events hosted here include concerts,
a circus, ice shows and trade expos.

# Los Angeles Memorial Coliseumisa famousoutdoor
sportsarenathathoststhe Los AngelesRaidersand the USC
Trojans football teams. Built for the 1932 Olympics, it was
the site of many track and field eventsofthe 1984 Olympics,
as well as the opening and closing ceremonies.

EastLaA

East LA , or "The Barrios," is almost exclusively
Hispanic and one of the poorest sections of the city.
About half the population are illegal immigrants who
work for their relatives or in local sweatshops. One of
the most powerful gangs in California makes its home in
the area, the Nuestra Familia (Our Family). Their
influence extends across the state and across the border
into Mexico, and many of the illegal drugs found in LA
come through on Nuestra Familia couriers.

* El Mercado is a bustling marketplace of street
vendors, wandering mariachis, and inexpensive clothing.
Like the Flea Market in Pasadena, El Mercado holds out
tantalizing possibilities of finding treasure among piles of
assorted junk. The glassblower Manuel Garcia (see Chap-
ter Three, page 63) plies his trade here, selling his wares
and accepting commissions from mortals and fallen alike.

* Santa Anita is one of the most famous Thorough-
bred horserace tracks in the U.S., and was built in
Arcadia in 1934. The track pioneered such racing
advances as the magnetically-controlled starting gate
and the photo finish.

* Los Angeles State and County Arboretum, also
located in Arcadia, includes approximately 130 acres of
botanical life, arranged by continent. It also boasts a
horticultural research center, a reference library and a
bird sanctuary. Other attractions include the Queen
Anne Cottage and coach barn, the Hugo Reid Adobe,
the Santa Fe Railroad depot and walking trails through a
subtropical jungle. Local police are baffled by a string of
especially grisly murders that have occurred in the Arbo-
retum after hours. The first victims were local gang
members who were apparently trespassing on the prop-
erty, but recent discoveries of a prominent Beverly Hills
socialite and a middle-class banker from Anaheim now
have police suspecting that the killer is bringing the
victims to the arboretum and killing them there to fulfill
some sort of psychological obsession. Neither City Hall

City OF ANGELS

nor LAPD will confirm rumors that significant quantities
of blood and tissue were missing from the bodies, nor the
discovery of what appears to be a new breed of rose
growing in profusion near each victim.

* Mission San Gabriel Archangel was founded
September 8, 1871, and was the first mission built in the
Los Angeles area. Currently undergoing a new round of
renovations (the mission was extensively damaged in
the 1987 Northridge quake) in the wake of the Devil's
Night earthquake, the building and grounds emanate a
powerful aura of faith, leading a number of Cryptics and
other fallen to speculate that there may be a holy relic
of great power hidden somewhere in the old building.

© The Hollow Cube is found by going down a back
alley off Washington Boulevard where it crosses Green-
wood and looking for the bouncer. Going down the steps.
into the basement of an abandoned strip mall, you find
yourself in a single, open room with chains of varying
lengths dangling from the ceiling. Conversation is im-
possible unless the participants can read lips. The music
tends towards alt-rock with powerful beats, the DJ is
competent and the drinks are cheap. However the main
attraction comes after midnight when the center of the
packed room is cleared so that Bric-et-Brac (see Chapter
Three, page 81) can dance for the audience.

SocieTAL PRESSURES

La-La Land isa culture of the surface. If it looks pretty
then it must be wonderful, and people only speak foreign
languages to show off. Surgical enhancements are ey
pected, and as common for men as they are women. If
something is not beautiful, then ignore it until itgoesaway.

But it has not been going away. In fact it has been
getting steadily worse. Crime is up. The murder rate is
up. Theft is up. Rape is up. Most of the city has been
burned or shaken down twice within the past ten year
Corruption in every level of the local government
been publicly provenso many times that most Angelinos
do not even notice another scandal is upon them until
a day or two after the fact.

This societal myopia has recently been knocked on
its ear by the frenzy of religious mania sweeping the
inhabitants of the City of Angels in the wake of the
Devil's Night riots. Churches have become standing
room-only areas, and the primary focus of neighbor-
hood life. Catholicism remains the largest religious
organization in the Tri-County area. With its many
ceremonies and ancient rites, this faith is attracting a
broader spectrum of worshipers than in the past. The
Protestant religions are not fairing so well, but still boast
their largest attendance numbers ever.

More esoteric beliefs have also netted greater notice,
including the ancient practice of Taoist sorcery, and
bookstores are having difficulty keeping the I-Ching in


Cityprer OVE

CITY OF LOS ANGEL


stock. Ina valley where Feng Shui was an established fad
for businessand the wealthy, itshould come asnosurprise
that these rituals, some of which date back over three
thousand years, have found a new relevance.

Whatalarms those people who are paying attention
is the number of cults that have arisen in a short time.
Several are just cynical attempts to manipulate the
young and insecure into providing money and sex, but
acouple are elegantly constructed, persuasive and dan-
gerous cults which lead otherwise decent people down
paths of madness and murder.

Most notable of these cults is Michael Gutenov's (see
Chapter Three, page 87). Gutenov claims that it was God
manifesting in the skies over LA as a signal that the end
times were upon the earth, the Rapture spoken of in
Revelations. He calls his collection of teenage Goths the
Harvesters. They have taken to the streets atnight ina van.
in groups offive topick up those people whoseem holy, and
then ina secret basement beneath the Museum of Death
sending them on to be with God. Of course, these devotees
must be purified first. And everybody knows that fire is the
best way to purify. The police, who are spread so thin that
many officers have passed out from exhaustion, have been
slow to notice these disappearances because the Harvest-
ers mostly gather up the homeless.

More distressing than the Harvesters has been a
rash of child disappearances across the city. One re-
sponse to this disturbing phenomenon is a movement
among the wealthy that claims that the manifestation
on Devil's Night was a warning of the impending
destruction of the city. For this reason many wealthy
families have sent their children to a camp in the San
Bernardino Mountains in the east run by Tanya de
Rossi (see Chapter Three, page 50).

Onthestreetsonce-amoral gangshave suddenly adopted
a vigilante bent, attacking evil wherever they see it — and
they are seeing it everywhere. Some of this is disingenuous
self-servitude, buta surprising majority of itis the real thing.
The famous tags that marked the borders of different and
rival gangs have become a method of conveying warnings
and information to each other as these youths find them-
selves fighting not for survival but what they believe to be
forces of evil hiding in their very midst.

Even the nature of the city's graffiti has also under-
gone a dramatic change. Previously the wall art of the
city were often elaborate portraits and cunningly crafted
mosaics of a political nature. Now matters of the spirit
are commonplace, which is hardly surprising, but what
is unusual is the words woven through some of these
wall-paintings. It is in a language no scholar can recog-
nize, but many are flocking from all over the world to
study. The signature on these pieces of graffiti identifies
the artist as someone called One-Eye (see Chapter
Three, page 69).

Crry or ANGELS

By far the most serious problem currently facing the
Los Angeles community, and the city government in
particular, is the huge influx of people who have flocked
to the City of Angels in the wake of Lucifer's appear-
ance. California is no stranger to religious leaders and
their sometimes off-the-wall teachings, but the events
of Devil's Night have drawn people seeking divine
inspiration by the hundreds to a city teetering on the
brink of collapse. Priests, mystics and madmen preach
their creed on every street corner downtown, and local
parks are clogged with squatter camps of destitute souls,
sometimes entire families, who left behind their worldly
belongings to come seek the angel. There have already
been numerous incidents of assault, murder, kidnap-
ping and theft among this transient populace, and the
city leaders are for the moment powerless to drive these
religious zealots away.

Ecoxoma

Originally Los Angeles was an agrarian economy
which gave way to an industrial economy early in the
twentieth century. World War II was a boom time for
LA as many aeronautic companies built their factors in
the Tri-County effort to make use of the easy port and
railway access.

However this business boom was the death knell of
the farmer. The city paved over the orchards to build
subdivisions and freeways. Nobody noticed or even
cared as the land of many smokes became the land of
much smog because everybody was working. Well, most
people were. Well, all the important people were.

While this was happening the movie studio system
had grown to maturity, and Hollywood was mass pro-
ducing entertainment for the masses. This was a great
boon for LA, not because the movies brought money to
the city, but because the glamour of Hollywood was
being reported around the world, and this opened the
doors of the city to hordes of curious tourists.

Tourism remains the steadiest source of income for
LA even today. Millions flock to the city every year in
an effort to catch a glimpse of celebrities and to tour
studios that no longer even pretend to make movies.

Oddly enough the movie business is beginning to
cause financial problems for the city in a very subtle
way. Movies make millions of dollars for a studio and
create an image of prosperity and glamour, but the
actual bulk of the money is controlled by a relatively
small number of people. Other wealthy individuals
come to LA drawn to the smell of fellow sybarites.

Shops serving these excessively rich raise their
prices both because they can and because the rich hate
to buy inexpensive things. Why have too much money
if you can't spend it frivolously? These higher prices are
seen as further proof of the wealth of the city. So you


Crapter OVE.

have a city of several million inhabitants and there are
billions of dollars lying around. The obvious conclusion
is that everybody is well off.

But this wealth is controlled by only five percent of
the population. Fully a third of the population are so far
below the median as to almost be considered a Third
World economy. However when the city council ap-
plies to the government, or anyone else for that matter,
for financial aide, those sources point at the enormous
wealth held within the city and fail to appreciate that the
wealth is not held by the city. LA has become a victim
of its own good press.

Exacerbating this illusion of wealth is the banking.

LA is something of a financial center in terms of

international banking and financial speculations.
Michael Milken, the junk-bond king who stole billions
of dollars from old-age pensioners and blue collar work-
ers, was based out of LA, and the two main senators
implicated in the charges were both Democrats from
southern California.

Milken may have been found out and sent to a
federal prison, but others of his ilk still ply their trade in
the balmy weather of the Tri-County Area. Again,
though, this is money held by the private sector, not the
government, and through clever or questionable ac-
count much of this wealth is not even taxed.

None of this was an insurmountable problem so long
as the factories remained open, because the factories were
responsible, directly and indirectly, for almost forty per-
centof the blue collar labor to be found in the Tri-County
Area. There wasthe actual factory work, then the transpor-
tation to and from, then the support jobs like restaurants,
clothing outlets and so forth. This system still left huge
numbers of people out of work, but at least they had the
illusion of being able to get work some day.

Then came the military cuts of the late 20th cen-
tury. All of those aeronautical factories closed. Practically
overnight the unemployment rate tripled, but the popu-
lation continued to grow, because on paper, LA looked
like a wealthy city

The surface was beautiful to behold.

An excellent example of how this illusory wealth
hurt LA is found in the police force. The LAPD is one
third smaller than any other city with a comparable
population level because the city does not have enough
money to hire more officers. Police chiefs have been
trying since the twenties to get more officers, but to no
avail. This dearth of police officers meant that when the
riots struck, all three riots (Watts, ‘92, and Devil's
Night), there were not enough officers on the payroll to
put a stop to them.

Some experts have suggested that as horrible as the
Devil's Night earthquake and riots were, the worst is
still to come.

GOVERNMENT

The mayor, the fifteen-person city council and the
five-member board which oversees the county are elected
to four-year terms, as are the many other elected offi-
cials, both city and county. In this, the political system
of Los Angeles is simple and fairly straightforward, but
this does not make local politics any less complex or
problematic. Foremost among the problems local gov-
ernment faces is the police force, whose autonomy has
beena constant thorn in the side of the civilian govern-
ment. After both the Watts and ‘92 Riots, experts
confidently predicted major shakeups in the organiza-
tion of the LAPD, but so far, no major changes have
occurred. The positive side of this, for the fallen at any
rate, is that the police remain understaffed because
neither the city council nor the mayor will supply them
with any money, so the fallen are able to act with a freer
hand than in any other city in the US.

Ironically, the government agency the fallen
most frequently run afoul of is the Welfare Bureau,
which operates a roaming strategy so that they can
intervene with dangerously unstable households.
Often a demon awakens in a host body and during a
period of acclimation attracts the attention of the
Social Services. One waggish Cryptic has suggested
that the Almighty permitted the fallen to escape
from the Abyss because Earth had become worse
than the Pit, and she pointed to the human legal
system as proof positive.

Overall, Devil's Night has crippled the Los Ange-
les government. City Hall was reduced to rubble, and
the Parker Center, housing the main headquarters for
the LAPD, was also destroyed. The massive earth-
quake did enough damage to cripple these two buildings
long enough for the rioters to move in and finish the
job. Making matters worse, the rioters managed to
destroy several of the relay towers that served the
mobile phone services, creating haphazard dead zones
throughout the city.

Noteven the city's fire department escaped the fury
of Devil's Night. In the past the fire department has
always been regarded with respect and above the suspi-
cion leveled at the police, but lately that has changed.
During the Riots of '92, one fireman was shot while
driving an engine en route toa fire, and gangs of blacks
wielding automatic weapons chased several firefighters
away from burning buildings. Devil's Night took an
even harder toll on the firefighters, who lost twelve of
their men when a gang, again wielding automatic rifles,
executed two squads of firefighters and the police guard
they had with them. This has had a chilling effect on
retention of retirement-age firefighters and the recruit-
ment of their replacements, leading to severe shortfalls
in emergency response staffing citywide.



The heaven of which they have incessantly spoken to you, the

heaven with which the:

9 tolessen your misery, deaden your pain and

suffocate the protest which, in spite of everything, comes from your
heart, is unreal and deserted. Only your hellis populated and exists

— Sebastian Faure, Twelve Proofs of the Nonexistence of God

The city of Los Angelesin the wake of the Devil'sNight
riots provides a wide variety of conflicts to fuel the action of
Demon chronicle or story. This chapter provides you, the
Storyteller, with the background information nec
make the most ftom the characters and situations pres
in City of Angels, including information about the Infernal
Court, the Blood Court, the activities of the Earthbound
and the actions of Lucifer himself.

‘
T HE INFERNAL Courr

The beleaguered Infernal Court of Los Angeles was
bom out of equal amounts of necessity and opportunism.
Inthe early daysof the demons' return to Earth, the dozen
or so fallen living within the city had sources of wealth
and Faith aplenty to occupy their energies and keep
outright competition. But as demons worldwide grasped
the significance of the power and influence concentrated
inLos Angeles, the pace of newarrivalsin the city swelled
from a trickle to a raging flood. It became clear to the

"native" fallen of the city that a critical mass was fast
approaching; as competition for the city's riches in-
creased, more and more demons fell back on the system
of rank and status that kept order in the Age of Wrath.

It was only a matter of time before one demon or
another believed she had resources and allies enough toset
herself in the position of Tyrant of Los Angeles, and this
realization troubled a certain Devil by the name of Spentu
Mainyu (see Chapter Three, page 47). One of the first
demons to take form in the City of Angels, Spentu Mainyu
had quickly realized the potential power inherent in the
city's entertainment industries and was well on his way
towards solidifying his control of LA's many television and
movie studios. A tyrantin LA couldeasily disrupt his broad
but fragile network, as the new ruler could easily carve up
the city and its industries and apportion them to her
retainers as rewards for faithful service.

Rather than bowing to the inevitable, Spentu, in
typical Namaru fashion, pre-empted the impending


28

Ais RoapsLerapToLA

What if you've already established your
chronicle in' another city' and want to shift the
action to Los Angeles? Given LA's unique position
4s entertainment capitol of the world, this should
be fairly easy. to do. Simply, have the. characters:
watcha news show. Lucifer's manifestation will be
receiving worldwide'coverage in every form.of the:
dia, soeven if your chronicle is set in the outback
of Australia; the characters will e¥éntually hear of
whatchag' happened, ‘and' evety, demon (or her
overlord) should ‘be: at least somewhat' curious
about the Morningstar's fate. The characters can
trayel to the' city to investigate Lucifer's appear-
ance, toseek revenge, to resume the struggleagainst
Heaven by the side of their lost Prince or simply to
seize-a kingdom for their own.

Allthoughts of Lucifer aside, Los Angelesis also
‘@ major shipping artery for the western' United
States. Trains, planes, boats and automobiles all
travel through hete headed for local and interna-
tional destinations. With all this traffic who know
what strange or mysterious items or individuals pi
through the Tri-County Area? Treasures, artifacts,
books and people are all possibilities: Pethaps the
‘one or more of the characters are searching for lost
‘comrades or lovers, or are hot on the trail of a relic
rumored to rest somewhere in the Hollywood hills?
While in the city the characters will inevitably cross
paths with one or both ofthe infernal courts operat-
inginthe city, providing youwith ample opportunity
to involve them in the city's explosive politics

Then there is the entertainment industry..En-
tertainment has replaced religion: as the opiate of
the masses, and a clever demon who could control
the entertainment industry has the power to harness
the minds of millions, Conversely, characters may
be drawn to Los Angeles to expressly prevent such
a catastrophe from ‘occurring. Can they keep the
movie and television studios free from infernal in-
fluence; or do they dare use them for themselves (for
the-good of mankind; of course)?

problem of succession by gathering his own allies and
seizing control of the city for himself. Spentu Mainyu
re-established four of the five court Ministries (Eagle,
Auroch, Lion and Dust), but carefully left the inquisi-
torial Ministry of Dragons vacant. Without a higher
court to impose their will on the city's tyrant, Spentu
carefully and methodically arranged his ministers in
such away that a dynamic tension of loyalty and rivalry
ensured that the court's influence was more theory than
practice. This left the Devil with enough law and order

City oF ANGELS

to enforce order on the city's demon population while
still allowing him the freedom he required to continue
his own ambitious pursuits. What Spentu Mainyu didn't
count on was the enormous amount of time and energy
required to run even a notional infernal court and
maintain enough of a semblance of order to keep the
court's subjects under control. Spentu found himself
struggling to master the two demanding and time-
consuming tasks and succeeding at neither. The situation
might have eventually spun completely out of control if
not for the unexpected arrival of Lady Kishar.

Kishar had been a famous hero of the Iron Legion. Her
seniority of rank, which she had earned before the Fall
meant that by rights the city was hers to rule, if not
necessarily in fact. The new demon was a fierce Luciferan
and something of an oddity amongst the politically cunning
fallen who had arrived in LA. She was brutally straightfor-
ward and conscientious in her duties, expecting total
obedience from her subjects and enforcing the laws of her
domain scrupulously and fairly. In many waysherdisingenu-
‘ousness made her the worst possible demon to rule Los
Angeles, but she was perfect for the Devil's purposes.

When Kishar arrived, many of the city's demons
waited with bated breath for a confrontation between
Kishar and Spentu Mainyu, but the anticipated duel
never came. Unexpectedly Spentu Mainyu retired his
rank and leadership, a move unheard for any demon,
much less a fallen of the First House, and declared
Kishar the lawful Tyrant and Baroness of Los Angeles.
Kishar was so moved by this display of fealty that she
elevated the Devil to the rank of lord and granted him
the title Lord Inquisitor of the vacant Dragon Ministry,
a position that granted Spentu Mainyu a great deal of
influence within and without the court.

Spentu Mainyu's Senior Ministers retained their
positions under the new tyrant:

The Ministry of Eagles is run by Lord Chenrezig
(see Chapter Three, page 67), whose Cryptic leanings
remain a source of much tension between him and
Spentu Mainyu. Chenrezig's human guise as transient
allows him access to broad spectrum of information, and
the Lidless Eye takes his duties seriously. He hoards his
information like a miser, and appears to be complete
apolitical. Chenrezig is secretly a member of the Cryptic
delegation under Al-Lat's (see Chapter Three, page 60)
command, although he arrived several months before
the others.

Lord Aglibol (Chapter Three, page 49), a staunch
Luciferan, controls the Ministry of the Auroch. In his
capacity as guardian of the Infernal Court, Aglibol has
secured a number of sites around the Tri-County Area for
any fallen to use if they need to avoid mortal eyes for a
short period of time. Diligently fulfilling his role as judge
for the court, Aglibol's rulings are stern but fair, hewing


Cuarren Two

closely to conservative rulings rather than applying his
own interpretations of the law. A cleverschemer Aglibol
has allowed his intense hatred for Vohu Mano, Senior
Minister of the Ministry of Dust to blind him to the
political machinations of Spentu Mainyu

A Reconciler sits at the head of the Ministry of
Dust. Vohu Mano (see Chapter Three, page 72) awoke
inside the body of a gay rights activist named Jonathon
Freeman and has found his once cruel nature tempered
by Freeman's passion to change the world. Using
Jonathon's extensive political contacts Vohu Mano is
ideally suited for the Ministry of Dust and keeps a close
eye on the mortal world for the court.

The Fiery Sword of the Ministry of Lions is a
relative newcomer to the city, a Fell Knight named
Guanli (see Chapter Three, page 61). A fallen from the
East Coast who arrived as a part of a Cryptic expedition
to LA, Guanli reluctantly accepted the Ministry from
Spentu Mainyu under the direct orders of the
expedition's commander, Lady AL-Lat. Since Guanli
assumed the title of Fiery Sword the Ministry of Lions
has been kept remarkably inactive, particularly in a city
that boasts a rival fallen court and the activities of no
less than three Earthbound. When the Baroness makes
a direct request of the Ministry, Guanli musters his
troops and acts quickly and decisively (and once he is
engaged, Guanli always gives his all), but without

prompting from the city's tyrant the Cryptic prefers to
keep to himself and his workshop.

Spentu Mainyu bowed to the Baroness in hopes that
his act of humility would earn him favor in her eyes and
possibly the head of the Dragon Ministry, which he had
deliberately kept open so as to avoid having a Censor
active while he ruled. He was correct on both counts.

By relinquishing the court to Kishar, the Devil
succeeded in ridding himself of the day-to-day distrac-
tions of running the court while still possessing great
influence over its ministers. Further, his own ascension
to the head of the Dragon Ministry ensured that there
would be no court Censor to monitor and investigate
his activities. Many fallen would have stopped there,
content with their situation, but Spentu Mainyu went
astep further. The wily Devil believed that a new level
of conflict was needed to occupy Kishar's attention and
the court's energies, so he made secret overtures to Lady
Anat (see Chapter Three, page 66) and persuaded her
to form her own court. And as a reward for his support,
Anat named Spentu Mainyu as head of the Dragon
Ministry for her court as well, a post he accepted with a
great show of humility.

m
‘Tur BLoop Court

Using Spentu Mainyu's knowledge of the city's
fallen inhabitants, Anat quickly and quietly set about


30

appointing ministers to her Blood Court. First, to head
the all-important Eagle Ministry, Spentu Mainyu intro-
duced Anat to the Lady Nasu (see Chapter Three, page
87), who also serves Chenrezig's Ministry as Deputy
Minister. The meeting was favorable and the Blood
Court acquired a Lidless Eye for its Eagle Ministry.

The next recruit was the Lady Inana (see Chapter
Three, page 74). Although she had never declared for
afaction, Spentu Mainyu learned that she wasa Ravener,
and armed with this knowledge he recruited her to head
up the Blood Court's Ministry of Aurochs. Inana is
everything one might expect from a high-Torment
Devourer; she is breathtakingly beautiful, utterly socio-
pathic, and cruel beyond words.

Anat did not want to establish a Ministry of Dust
because she considered humanity to be beneath her
notice, but Nasu convinced the Lady of the need forsuch
an office by demonstrating how some people could be
manipulated to exterminate their fellow man. Nasu took
Anat to the Museum of Death one night and introduced
her to Michael Weintraub who willingly became Nasu's
thrall. Using Michael as a catspaw, Anat created a cult
that tortured and murdered at the slightest command.

Convinced of humanity's potential, Anat asked
Spentu Mainyu to suggest a suitable leader for the
Ministry of Dust. Spentu Mainyu recommended Lord
Vritran (see Chapter Three, page 55), a high-Torment
Devil who more closely matched the Raveners' credo
than the Luciferean one he spouted

Spentu Mainyu was one appointment away from
having created two Courts in one city when Anat did
something unexpected. She named Fell Knight Ravana
to the post of Lord General of the Ministry of Lions. A
newcomer, Ravana is a mystery to Spentu Mainyu.
Something the scheming Devil is scrambling to rectify

Complicating the situation further is the enigmatic
Lady Al-Lat (see Chapter Three, page 60). She is the
leader of a Cryptic expedition to Los Angeles to estab-
lish a foothold for the Cryptics in the city. Her followers
are Guanli, Chenrezig and Nasu. It was upon Al-Lat's
command that Guanli accepted the title of Fiery Sword.
AL-Lat also insisted that her other lieutenants occupy
the position of Lidless Eye for both courts. Through
Chenrezig and Nasu, Al-Lat is fully aware of the double
game which Spentu Mainyu is playing, but for now
there is no benefit for her to expose him, and it gives her
a trump card to play against the scheming Faustian
should he ever turn his attentions on her.

The Blood Court has so far managed to avoid major
repercussions from Baroness Kishar because the nor-
mally dutiful and diligent tyrant is currently preoccupied
with a matter from the ancient past. Her lover, Ahsur
(see Chapter Three, page 79), has possessed the body of
man named Jeffrey Black, but Jeff was already married

ry oF ANGELS

with three children. Further confusing the issue is
Kishar's host, who was an elderly black woman. They
make a strange sight when they are seen together, a frail
old black woman holdinghands witha young, white LA
County Sheriff.

This romance is problematic not so much because of
how odd it appears to human eyes, but because Ashur has
renounced all politics and quietly supports the Recon-
ciler faction. Soeven when the two lovers come together,
they only frustrate each other with their inability to
understand the other's position. Kishar cannot under-
stand why her lover has changed his mind, and Ashur is
stunned by the mercilessness of his lover. While the
Baroness loses time fretting over her lost love, the Min-
istries of the Aurochs and Dust are effectively paralyzed
by the feud between Aglibol and Vohu Mano.

The Ministry of Eagles accurately identified these
problems long ago, but Chenrezig has not reported
anything to his Baroness because Al-Lat wants the
Court to remain weak and disorganized. A weak Court
will facilitate a Cryptic coup later on when Al-Lat has
secured a strong enough power base, so Chenrezig keeps
his observations to himself.

Meanwhile the Blood Court benefits from being
smaller and having a more unified philosophy (except
for Spentu Mainyu, all are effectively Raveners), but it
is not entirely devoid of tensions itself.

For the same reasons as Chenrezig, Nasu is not making
full reports to Lady Anat. However the Eagle Ministry of
the Blood Court is giving out more information than its
counterpart in Kishar's court. Al-Lat seems to favor Anat
over Kishar, however that may only be an effort by the
Cryptic leader to keep the two courts on equal levels.

Although the Blood Court does not suffer from the
same degree of diffidence and infighting the madness
and cruelty of its members pose a different set of prob-
lems as is readily seen in Nasu's case. Her ties with the
mortal Michael Weintraub and his Harvesters occupies
most of her time, and her personality shows signs of
dementia. As the Harvesters sacrifice more people to
her she becomes crueler and her Torment grows.

Inana is undergoing a similar tribulation, albeit
more subtly. She is not given to wanton murder, so her
descent into monstrosity is slower and harder to detect.
However every month she takes a new lover whom she
subverts and breaks until he become her thrall. The
steady stream of degradation she inflicts hardens her
soul and increases her Torment.

While his contemporaries struggle with their Tor-
ment, Vritran's activities are focused elsewhere. For this
head of the Ministry of Dust for the Blood Court is
Spentu Mainyu's chief ally, and together the two intend
to subvert the minds of mankind on a staggering scale.
At the behest of his partner Vritran has dedicated his


Caeter Two

time to gaining influence throughout the television
networks, and has so far enjoyed considerable succe:

From this power base the pair are attempting to
subtly alter mankind's perceptions of the Almighty and
his followers. They have managed to encourage an
enormous increase in supernatural themes in television
programs, so as to prepare the public with the eventual
goal of producing programs that tell the true story, of
how the fallen came to be.

These were the various dances performed by the
lead characters of Los Angeles' political scene, each
move and countermove planned and executed with
subtlety and skill — until the fires of Devil's Night, and
the appearance of the Morning:

The Luciferans (Kishar, Aglibol and Vritran) of Los
Angeles celebrated. Their Lord and Master had returned
tothem. All their questions would be answered and their
loyalty rewarded. But as quickly as he appeared, he
vanished. Kishar and Vritran both decided, indepen-
dently of each other, that this brief revelation meant
Lucifer approved of their actions, but Aglibol found
himself suddenly doubting where his loyalties lay.

Aglibol never doubted that his Prince would one
day reveal himself, but Lucifer's subsequent disappear-
ance troubled the demon greatly. Since the riots, the
safe-houses Aglibol so carefully established are no longer
being maintained, nor are the ones which were dam-
aged or destroyed by the earthquake being restored.
Indeed all of the Auroch Ministry's duties are being
neglected while Aglibol struggles with his doubts.

Aglibol's crisis of faith also means that downtown Los
Angeles, which is his demesne, is rebuilding itself free of
the fallen's influence. Regaining this lost ground will prove
a formidable task, and one which Aglibol is showing no
signs of being able to carry out without some form of help.

The Cryptics are also finding themselves unable to
make effective use of the chaos that Lucifer's manifestation
caused. This is primarily because Al-Lat is losing control
overNasu and Guanli, so while the Lady Malefactor can see
the opportunities presented her, she must spend her time
tying to get her disobedient followers to obey her orders.

Meanwhile Hollywood spirals out of control just
like its ruler, Nasu. As she spends more and more time
with her Harvesters she neglects her duties as both
mistress of a mortal domain and the court's Lidless Eye.
Anat is so busy tending to her lover's needs that Nasu's
negligence has so far gone unnoticed, but this cannot
continue indefinitely.

Santa Monica, which Chenrezig controls, suffered
greatly from the violence of the riots, but did not
sustain much property damage, so the fallen Lord has
encountered little difficulty overseeing the rebuilding
of his territory.

ar.

Finally, although his domain (Beverly Hills) suf-
fered little or no physical damage, the Faustian Spentu
Mainyu is scrambling to restore his influence over the
badly-damaged government infrastructure, creating gaps
in his authority that outsiders can take advantage of.

‘THe EARTHROUND

The terrible and'enigmatie'Earthbound are a po-
tent threattoevery demon in the City of Angels, and no
less than ‘thrée of these-titans are currently pursuing
their individual agendas in' Los Angeles. If you want to
use them as adversaties'in your chronicle you can use
the guidelines provided in the Demon  Storyteller's
Companion to determine their statistics and powers,
though any one of these creatures are more than a
match for any dozen newly-returned fallen. These char-
acters work best as shadowy figurés manipulating events
through a network of thralls and enslaved fallen, avoid-
ing direct conflict whenever possible.

Bewran, Tue Grear east

Belial is arguably the most powerful of the Earthbound,
the Great Beast who was once Lucifer's champion and chief
lieutenantin the waragainst heaven. Ofall the fallen, Belial
was perhaps the most affected by Lucifer's disappearance at
the end of the war, and the aeons of torment that followed
only deepened his sense of rejection and betrayal. Having
forsaken Heaven for Lucifer's sake, having slain fellow
angels in the war and then having been forsaken by Lucifer
in turn churned Belial's spirit into a maelstrom of fury and
self-loathing. Now the Great Beast hungers for nothing but
destruction; he stalks after the Morningstar with fire and
sword, turning Lucifer's every refuge into hell on earth. One
day, so the Beast hopes, all the universe will burn, and the
archangel will have nowhere left to hide. Then there will be
areckoning that will destroy them both.

Belial is even more of a solitary force than most
Earthbound, operating with only a bare handful of
thralls (whom he completely uses up and replaces as
needed) and moving from place to place in search of the
Morningstar. In practice, he is by turns brilliant and
savage, often allying with other Earthbound to further
his own purposes for as long as it suits him.

Not willing to lose his prey after coming so close,
Belial struck a deal with Enshagkushanna. The latter
needed access to certain aspects of Belial's power, and
the Great Beast needed the other's mortal connection
to locate Lucifer.

The pact is an uneasy one that either side will
happily violate given the proper motivation, although
Enshagkushanna wisely would be reluctant to incur
Belial's wrath.

The Great Beast remains in the city, moving about
only by night in search of any trace of his former Prince.

3l

How long he will remain in the city is anyone's guess —
likely until another rumor of Lucifer's whereabouts
draws him elsewhere.

MANISHTUSU, THE LonD oF MURDER

Manishtusu, Lord of Murder, is a moderately pow-
erful Earthbound infamous even among his peers for
acts of violence and lunacy. His activities in the city are
as mysterious and inscrutable as his reputation suggests,
focusing on the gangs infesting LA's poorer neighbor-
hoods and the religious organizations that minister to
them. Rather than simply stepping in and subverting
the most violent gangs directly, Manishtusu seems
intent on forging a link between religion and gang
activity; a bizarre combination of crime, brutality and
sanctity. The ultimate goal of such a synthesis remains
unclear, but progress was proceeding apace when
Enshagkushanna's attempts to take the city by storm
brought both Earthbound into direct conflict

To date, Manishtusu's responses to his rival's over-
tures have been utterly maddening — in some cases
the Earthbound gives up control of a gang without a
struggle, in others he annihilates his rival's servants in
a burst of surrealistic violence. In still other cases the
he simply kills individuals to prevent them from be-
coming objects of contention. If there is a master plan
to Manishtusu's actions, only the Lord of Murder
himself understands it

Crry oF ANGELS

Interestingly, it appears that Manishtusu was no
more aware of Lucifer's presence in the city than his
rival, but seemed to receive the news (from sources
unknown) at roughly the same time as Enshagkushanna.

Before the Fall, Manishtusu had been close friends
with the Fiend Chenrezig and though him learned that a
mighty battle for the fate of all life would be fought in a
valley shrouded in eternal smoke. When the fallen were
cast into the Abyss and this battle had not occurred,
Manishtusu understood that he would eventually be free
again, so that when a human sorcerer summoned and
bound the Lord of Murderintoasword Manishtusu was not
surprised. He passed his time moving among the Mongol
tribes of the Great Steppesuntil the age of explorers began.
Then he worked his way west, until he contrived for Juan
Cabrillo to find both himself and an artifact to assist the
Portuguese explorer to find his way to California.

Once there, Manishtusu arranged for himself and
e artifact to be removed from the ship and buried in
different locations in what would become Los Angeles
County. From that time on the Lord of Murder drifted
in and out of sleep, waiting.

By the time of the twentieth century he decided
that he had waited long enough. It was time to set the
ground for this coming battle, the nature of which he
does not know. Manishtusu's plan is to warp all of
humanity. Simple destruction is not enough. He wants


Ciaprer Two

to render the entire human race unusable to the fallen,
strip them of all faith.

Manishtusu regrets choosing as he did, but cannot
accept that. His hubris will novallow him to believe that
he made a mistake in defying the Almighty, yet some
inner voice cries out to him that he should be punished
for his effrontery. Therefore he has devised a plan that
will encompass both points of view. That his plan is
madness does not bother him.

To this end Manishtusu's plans are to corrupt the very
office of mankind's faith, the church. Given the prolifera-
tion of Catholicism in Los Angeles itis that august assembly
which has attracted the Lord of Murder's attention.

The other tool Manishtusu plans to use is the
numerous gangs of Los Angeles. His current focus is on
the Eight Trey Gangster Crips, and his prize possession
there is the fallen-possessed Trey-9 who is one of the
leaders of the gang. Manishtusu plans to combine these
disparate elements to forge a kind of paladin who can
carry out the battle for which he has spent the past
several millennia preparing.

With the emergence of the fallen from the Abyss,
Manishtusu has set about acquiring servants from their
number. His two prizes are the aforementioned Trey-9
and the priest Antonio Gabrelli. He has also seduced
the Cryptic Nasu, and it is his influence which is
accelerating her decline into torment and madness.

But the gem in his crown of converts has to be the

pair of lovers Guanli and Ravana. For, as of the mo-
ment, no one is aware of their conversion. Although
Manishtusu had not meant for the two to fall in love, he
has not been slow to capitalize on the event.
Guanli encountered the Lord of Murder while he
searching for the artifact which was half of the
Cryptic's objective in coming to Los Angeles, and the
Malefactor fell under Manishtusu's sway as the Earth-
bound promised the fallen all the secrets he possessed
concerning the manufacture of enchanted objects.

Ravana's host had been a serial killer before becom-
ingahost fora Slayer, and her passion infected the fallen,
making her a natural recruit for the Lord of Murder. She
and Guanli met one day in the Nickerson Garden Project
where Manishtusu keeps his reliquary, and the two fell to
talking. Over the next couple of weeks the two met
nightly, and soon fell in love with each other.

This means that Manishtusu effectively controls the
Lion Ministry of both courts. So far he has mainly used them,
toattack Enshagkushanna, but refrains for overusing them
so that their changed allegiance may remain unknown.

When Nasu informed the Lord of Murder that
Lucifer was present in the City of Angels, he felt certain
that the final battle had finally arrived, so he sent about
trying to locate the First Rebel with no success.

Then came Devil's Night. The earthquake pro-
vided the Lord of Murder with an opportunity too rich
to ignore, and he unleashed his minions in their fullest
force. Over ninety percent of the murders and other
violent crimes committed that night were committed
by followers of Manishtusu.

So Lucifer's manifestation paralyzed Manishtusu.
He had been preparing for this battle for so long he had
difficulty recognizing the opportunity when it finally
arrived. This paralysis partially explains why the riots
died out so quickly.

Now, however, Manishtusu is ready. He will not be
caught off guard again. He has reined in his most prized
possessions: Guanli, Ravana and Antonio Gabrelli, but
Nasu is slipping beyond his grasp. With every murder
the Harvesters perform she slides further and further
into Torment.

ENSHAGKUSHANNA

One of the lesser Earthbound and a vassal to Baal, an
Earthbound of tremendous power, Enshagkushanna was
the first of the reawakened to discover LA's enormous
potential. By sheer chance one of the descendants
Enshagkushanna "inherited" from his worshippers was a
powerful movie and TV producer. The enthralled pro-
ducer, no stranger to the politics of power-mongering,
wasted no time promoting himself and his abilities to his
new master, and Enshagkushanna quickly realized the
opportunity before him. The Earthbound spent consider-
able resources to have his reliquary relocated from the
bottom of the Indus River toa secret location on Catalina
Island, and quickly formulated his plan for conquest:

Enshagkushanina's plan was simple: He knew he was
a minor power among the Earthbound, but Los Angeles
provided a rare opportunity for power and advancement.
So Enshagkushanna intended to establish himself as the
leader and then present the city to Baal in the hopes that
his master would leave the City of Angels in his hands.

First the Earthbound, using his enthralled pro-
ducer, cemented his influence throughout the television
media, then set his sights on the movie studio system.
At the same time Enshagkushanna developed a degree
of influence in the LAPD and the County Sheriffs
Department. In this he enjoyed considerable success,
but found himself frequently running afoul of the Lord
of Murder, so his plans moved more slowly than he
might have hoped.

Enshagkushanna's crucial mistake was his failure to
recognize the importance of Lady Anat's arrival in the
city. He knew that Anat was once Baal's lover, but did
not realize that they had since renewed their relation-
ship. He believed the city was still unknown to Baal.

But the Archduke was well aware of the City of
Angels. What he had not known was the

3

3

34

Enshagkushanna was already there, and that is why Baal
sent his lover, Anat, to seize control of the city. Upon
learning that Enshagkushanna was present Baal toyed
with the idea of punishing him for trying to usurp the
Archduke's power, but has since decided to leave
Enshagkushanna in place to function as a kind of
stalking horse, flushing potential threats into the open
where they can be dealt with.

Then the rumors surfaced that Lucifer was in Los
Angeles. Wasting no time, Baal contacted his vassal and
demanded he find the Betrayerat once. The newsstunned
the beleaguered Earthbound, who by this time was deep
in his struggles with both Manishtusu and the fallen.

In a blind panic, Enshagkushanna began pressing
every advantage, using every favor, and employing
every dirty trick he could think of to secure his power
base and locate the First Rebel. This led to an increase
of confrontations with the fallen, which in turn in-
creased the tension of the inhabitants of Los Angeles.
Although not as much with Manishtusu because the
Lord of Murder operated on a different social level.

Then Lucifer manifested himself. Nobody was more
stunned than Enshagkushanna, who had assumed that
the Morningstar had long since been destroyed.
Enshagkushanna saw his dreams of control over Los
Angeles slipping away, but he was determined not to go
down without a fight.

As Devil's Night exploded, Enshagkushanna or-
dered his people back to Catalina Island. There they
watched Manishtusu and his minions run wild, and they
waited, and they planned. As the fires burned them-
selves out, Enshagkushanna moved his people into
place. All of the ground he had lost to the fallen and
Manishtusu he regained with a couple of well-timed
assassinations (he arranged for the deaths of several of
his opponent's key thralls) and the creation of a cult to
influence the rich of Beverly Hills.

The cult, armed with the growing religious hysteria
which followed Lucifer's appearance and the story of
the Passover from the Old Testament, moved into the
gullible wealthy saying that another night of wrath was
coming, and the only way to protect the firstborn was to
send them away.

To this end Enshagkushanna created a camp in the
San Bernardino Hills where the rich could send their
children. Once they arrive they are drugged into a
coma, and a demon is summoned from the Abyss to
occupy their bodies. The children who return to their
parents are no longer truly human.

Since the Devil's Night riots Enshagkushanna has
changed his tactical thinking from short term to long
term. He expects Baal to remove Los Angeles from his
control, and is playing for time while the ranks of his

Ciry oF ANGELS

"children's army" grows. If he can gather enough power
to wrest the city from the fallen he might yet gain
control of the city.

Laciren, THE MORNINGSTAR,
PRINCE. OF THE FALLEN

Lucifer, leader of the rebellion against Heaven, was
not destroyed by God, as many of the fallen believed,
nor was he exiled to a separate Hell where the Creator
could take personal interest in His torment. For reasons
known only to the Almighty, Lucifer was, like his fellow
rebels, stripped of much of his power and left to spend
eternity wandering the earth.

For a time Lucifer-could only watch' helplessly as
God's angels, like'an occupying army, had their way
with mankind.Some civilizations were spared while
others were destroyed: The war was over but the suffer-
ing of mankind continued, to say nothing of the agonies
thatvhis) followers now endured in the Abyss. Grief
turned to outrage, then finally into bitter hate. There
would be a reckoning, Lucifer vowed, For the sake of the
fallen and humanity both, God would'answer for what
He had done. From»that moment, Lucifer, bringer of
light, became Shaitan, the great enemy of Heaven.

Drawing on his experience during the rebellion,
Lucifer resumed his influence of mankind. He knew
humanity's ability to innovateall too well, and ifthey had
the right tools placed in their hands they could accom-
plish anything, including penetrating the Abyss. Over
centuries he cultivated the practice of sorcery, and finally
his patience was rewarded. Babylonian sorcerers pierced
the darkness and summoned the first of Lucifer's five
lieutenants back into the world. The five were the first of
the Earthbound, and through them Lucifer intended to
resume his efforts to direct humanity's evolution and free
the rest of the fallen. But the archangel did not realize
how terrible the suffering in the Abyss really was. By the
time he had reached his compatriots they had been
transformed by their torment into nightmarish beings.
They still understood Lucifer's plan for harnessing man-
kind, but their vision for the future was something more
terrible than even God could imagine. What was more,
Lucifer's absence in the eternal prison was seen by many
as the worst of betrayals. Where once he had been their
glorious leader, now he was the Prince of Lies. When
Lucifer tried to bring the Earthbound to follow his vision
for humanity, they turned on him at once.

What followed was a long, running battle that has
raged across history to the present day. While the num-
bers of the Earthbound swelled to 666, Lucifer fought a
losing struggle to contain their influence worldwide,
finally adopting the spiritual equivalent of a "scorched
earth policy" by attacking spiritual institutions and


Ciyerer Two

fostering rational thought over faith. The greatest feat
the devil ever pulled was convincing mankind that he
didn't exist — though for reasons that no human in his
right mind would ever have believed.

Deprived of humanity's reservoir of faith, the Earth-
bound lost their followers and were eventually driven
into hiding, leaving Lucifer equally stymied in an in-
creasingly cold, technological world. Itwasa bitter kind
of victory, and ultimately a fleeting one. Whether it was
a subtle masterstroke by the Earthbound that took
generations to bear fruit or a simple accident of fate —
or even, perhaps, the will of a mysterious God — a
maelstrom was unleashed across the spirit realmand the
gates of the Abyss finally cracked open.

Now a host of demons have been unleashed upon
an unsuspecting world, many almost as monstrousas the
Earthbound, who sense their arrival and begin to stir
from their ancient sanctums. To Lucifer, it appears that
the death knell has been sounded for Earth and human-
kind. After thousands of years fighting the Earthbound,
he is convinced that any demon issuing from the Abyss
is irretrievably corrupt, and thus the tide has turned
against him. But he will not simply surrender. He did so
once, and all that brought him was centuries of pain.
There will be a final battle, and one way or another the
Earthbound will not see their vision fulfilled.

Since the 1930s Lucifer has lingered in Los Angeles,
indirectly influencing the entertainment industry for
much the same purposes that Spentu Mainyu hopes to
do. When Belial's earthquake struck on Devil's Night
and the riots began, Lucifer quickly realized what was
happening, and sensed the hounds of the Earthbound
searching for him through the city. He could have simply
fled LA, but he'd been giving ground to the enemy for far
toolong. Instead, he decided to throw down the gauntlet.
The Earthbound moved invisibly among the riots, fan-
ning the flames and hunting their prey, but when they
finally cornered Lucifer downtown, he did the unex-
pected. Instead of fighting or hiding, the archangel used
allhisreserves of power to reveal himself before the scores
of rioters, police and reporters. For a few, brief moments
Lucifer rose above the crowd in all his terrible glory, the
image captured in people's minds and through the cam-
era lens for the world to see. The Earthbound want
humanity to forget about heaven or hell and surrender
their souls without realizing it. Lucifer, in a single stroke,
sent hundreds of people scrambling for their Bibles and
struggling to remember what they'd learned about Arma-
geddon as a child. Ultimately, his hope is to mobilize
mankind to fight against the demons in their midst —a
struggle he knows they are almost certain to lose, but it's
better than the alternative.

Is Lucifer still in Los Angeles? If so, what is he up to
now, in the wake of the riots? Ultimately, that's for you,

the Storyteller to decide. There are anumber of possible
options for you to choose from:

© Lucifer has left Los Angeles to regroup and begin
his campaign against the Earthbound at a time and
place of his choosing.

© Lucifer is still in the city and plans on taking
direct action against the Earthbound, intending to
defend Los Angeles and its mortal population in the
most visible manner possible.

¢ Lucifer is still in the city and intends to defeat or
drive out the Earthbound by opening humankind's eyes
tothe demons in their midst and stirring them to action.

* Lucifer is still in the city and intends to manipu-
late the fallen and the Earthbound into confronting and
destroying one another.

* Asan interesting twist, Lucifer expended all of his life
energy when he revealed himself to the people of the world,
and is now dead, leaving the fallen to once more take up his
banner and save the world from the Earthbound.

Naturally, Lucifer works best as an enigmatic char-
acter whose influence is felt at crucial moments over the
course of your chronicle, but rarely if ever takes a direct
hand in your plot. If you want to create statistics and
powers for the Morningstar, use the guidelines for the
Earthbound provided in the Demon Storytellers Com-
panion, with the notable exception that Lucifer has an
effective Torment score of 1. He would be an extremely
powerful adversary to face; despite having most of his
power stripped from him, he is still the greatest of the
angels, and is more than a match for nearly any Earth-
bound with the possible exception of Belial. If you want
to give him a direct role in your chronicle, think his
involvement through very carefully.

‘Tre Houses

The following are some general ideas on generating
plotlines using the various Houses present in Los Ange-
les. Again, these are only vague outlines to help kickstart
your own creativity, not hard and fast concepts to graft
onto your chronicle.

DevILs

Los Angeles offers three major attractions to mem-
bers of the First House: Lucifer, the media and money.
While the fallen are acclimatizing themselves to this
vastly changed world, the cunning Devils have not
been slow to appreciate the importance of the media,
particularly television. Almost every household in
America has at least one, and a tool that reaches
millions of people in a moment is of great interest to
creatures who survive on faith.

More than any other House, the Devils felt the pain
and confusion of Lucifer's absence in the Abyss. Now that
he hasso dramatically reappeared, many of the First House


36

are flocking to the city to be reunited with their lost Prince,
though their motives are often wildly divergent.

Then there is the money. Money is power, and
Devils love power. Los Angeles is a massive center for
international banking on a par with New York or Lon-
don. The cutthroat world of high finance draws many
Devils like a moth to a flame; empires can be made or lost
ina single day, and Devils often find themselves pitted
against one another in the struggle for the big payoff.

Plot Ideas: How far will a Devil,go to gain control
over a thrall? Will he manufaétute scenarios to make
the human indebted to them, such as drugging a politi-
cian into,unéonsciousness and laying him imbed with a
butchered prostitute so that the man awakens and
thinks he has committed murder? Ifa Devil does this,
which people helped him stage the crime (and butcher
the whore), and are these-assistants happy to be doing
these terrible things? Might one of them talk? Viewed
from another angle, how far would a Devil go to steal a
potential thrall from a rival, or ruin one?

Money is power, so Deyils like to control large
amounts of the stuff. Money is normally regulated and
tracked by accountants who are dry, timid people as a
rule, but maybe there was an accountant who gambled
and then embezzled to pay off his debts. How long could
he mask his crime? What would a vengeful Devil do to
someone who dared to steal from her? How would she
track down this errant soul?

Scourans

Tragedies havea way ofbringing out the best or worst
in people, and the constant stream of disasters that have
plagued Los Angeles has amplified this to an enormous
degree. There are many people of compassion and many
fearful souls to attract the attentionsofescaping members
of the Second House. Both kindness and hatred exist in
equal measure in sunny Souther California, and so
many Scourges have found a home here.

Lucifer's reappearanée/ will change that to some
degree though, because the Second House suffered
when their leader did not join them in the Abyss,
although not as keenly as the First House. Now that he
has been found again, many will want to speak with him
and learn what has happened in the interim.

For Storytellers, Scourges are great wild cards to
throw into a mix, like Kishar. She sits outside of the
normal political machinations of the fallen in the city,
but her very presence is a constant variant that every
scheming fallen must consider: Many make the mistake
of thinking that a Scourge's loyalty is a form of naiveté,
but nobody survives to makelthat mistake twice.

Plot Ideas: Since the Second House is notorious for
its unswerving loyalty, what would happen if one of
these Scourges returned to serve a master who has now

Cirry oF ANGELS

gone quite mad? Would loyalty hold the Scourge fast?
Would she commit atrocities that repel her in the name
of this loyalty? Or would she, could she, stand up and
defy this master? What if her human host has changed
her outlook on life, softened it?

Ina similar vein, what would happen if a Scourge
served a master who gave orders that ran contrary to
Kishar's orders? Who would claim the higher service, her
Lord or her Baroness? Might this unfortunate Scourge
then become a spy in her Lord's camp relaying all she
hears to the Baroness and hating herself for the duplicity?

MALEFACTORS

There are many Malefactors who find a home in
Los Angeles, especially among the many craftsman
who work in support of the movies and television,
such as lighting technicians, lens-makers, armorers
and the like.

‘A Malefactor's talent for creating tools makes them
useftihfollowers;"but their temperamental natures ren-
der themless tseful than they otherwise might be. Still
many factions andthe city's Earthbound would love to
have a pet Malefactor ‘creating weapons and other
useful items for their side, Also a Malefactor might find
herself drawn to the technical aspects of the entertain-
ment industry,-which would place-her in an enviable
position for demanding termsifrom other demons look-
ing to make inroads-into the industry.

Currently mostofthe:Malefaetors in Los‘Angeles
are working for Al-Lat, who is'the head of the Gryptics
in the Tri-County Area, and she is searching hard for
any other Malefactors who could bef use to.her
ongoing expedition. Because the Lidless Eyes of both
courts report directly to Al-Lat,she is a logical-fitst
contact for visiting fallen'

Plot Ideas: Since most members of the Third House
are primarily concerned with manufacture the most
obvious plot choice would involve the sudden appear
ance of an artifact long thought lost. How far would a
Malefactor go to acquire this artifact? What does the
artifact do? Who made it? How many others are aware
that it is here? How badly do these others want it? Is the
rumor even true, or is somebody playing a double game
to find out who else is looking? Maybe this schemer is
trying to gather the competition into one location?

Because Malefactors are so interested in craftsman-
ship, they are more likely than any other House to be in
oddest places for the oddest reasons. What might that
Malefactor overhear or see while poking around in a
place she doesn't necessarily belong? Could other de-
mons be meeting there as well to discuss secret plans?
What would the Malefactor do if she overheard or saw
such things? Would she even understand the signifi-
cance of what she saw or heard?


Civprer Two

Firxps

In spite of its well deserved reputation for shallow-
ness, the Tri-County Area does boast of several
universities such as UCLA, and although it is no haven
for intellectuals like New York or Paris, the street corner
gpiritualists so common to the sunny streets of Los
Angeles are also seekers of knowledge. This means that
plenty of Fiends have found sympathetic hosts here,
though overall they, along with the Defilers, are the
least represented of the seven Houses.

The Fiends' talent for planning far into the future
and clear-thinking makes them excellent villains for
Storytellers, but their general lack of political ambition
fends to relegate them to subservient anid advisory roles
A fact heighténed by the demons' predifégtion for hieb
archies. Most of the Fiends in Los Angeles currently
have been driven mad by their millennia of imprison
ment in the Abyss, and so represent some of the worst
of whatithe Fiends have to offer. Character groups who
are playing heroic characters willifind few allies in this
group, or maybeya chance to try and redeem some of
their fallen brothers and sisters. Chenrezig has not
succumbed to this madness but his internal conflicts
and fears are currently paralyzing him.

Plot»Ideas: Plots for the Fourth House aresfairly
obvious given their proclivity for research and study.
What piece of forgotten information might a Fiend
stumble upon in an old book, maybe even one written
in a foreign language? Or what long forgotten piece of
writing paper might have been placed in an old book for
a Fiend to accidentally to stumble, across? Once this
mystery is suggested to the Fiend how will she track
down the information?

Another idea centers on the limited prescience that
certain Fiends possess. After all, what does a seer of the
future dream of? Are these dreams actual glimpses of the
future or just a future that might be? Are they visions of
friends dead or desolate? Are they images ofhated enemies
standing victorious over these fallen friends? If these are
the substance of the visions, can they be prevented? If so,
how? Or are these visions of inexplicable things like a
blooming rose which cries tears of blood or a wolf which
dances under a blood red moon with a mighty sword in its
paws? What could such a vision mean?

DEFILERS

Angels of this House are the most common fallen to
be found in Los Angeles. Here in a sea of wasted talent
and monstrous obsession with surface beauty, the
Lammasu find rich meat upon which to feed and perfect,
forms for them to possess. From struggling actors and
actress who will do anything for their big break to
picture perfect trophy husbands and wives who are
driven to suicide because they have gained five pounds,

the pathological obsession with beauty that fills the
City of Angels has created an endless supply of hosts and
thralls forthe Defilers.

Because there are so many Defilers present in Los
Angeles, it is difficult to speak of them in generalities,
but generally the Fifth House likes to join causes.
Depending on their faction they can become beacons of
inspiration or depravity, for the others around them.
They can be noble pillars of righteousness like Vohu
Mano or demented creatures of nightmares like Inana.

Plot Ideas: Creativity is the realm of the Fifth
House. What if a Defiler began to affect the dreams of
a popular film director? What if that director made a
movie using the images of hisdreams? Would another
demon recognize images taken from the Age of Wrath?
How would the general human populationreact to such
images? How would the infernal court react?

Defilers are attracted to passionate people, and they
enjoy inspiring these (passions. How many could a
potent Defiler inspire simultaneously? What would
happen if she suddenly temoved herself from their
presence? Would these several passionate people com-
mit suicide, or turn to unsuspecting mortals for the
inspiration they desperately crave? What if one of these
unfortunates was related to or friendly with a person
who was now possessed by a demon? How would the
demon react?

Drvounens

The House of the Wild is the least represented of all
the Houses in Los Angeles. Because of their affinity with
nature, the Rabisu have always had difficulty settling in
densely populated areas, and humanity has long been a
mystery thatthe Sixth House can not quite tinderstand.
However just as the'disasters which have plagued the
City of Angels have created many potential hosts for the
Scourges, so haverthe travails of Angelinos made many
people susceptible to Devourers, whoare mainly at-
tracted to strength of purpose or determination.

Many people have dug in their heels and decided to
weather all the calamities which torment Los Angeles,
and this resolve is/attractive to the Rabisu. Many,are
found in the pooter quarters of the city,andsomein the
middle Glass communities, and soak up the resentment
and frustration simmering in the neighborhoods and
barrios of East LA.

Plot Ideas: The Sixth House is known as the House
of the Wild because of their sovereignty over nature,
and amid the sprawl of Los Angeles there is little to
attract the Devourers, Yet when escaping the Abyss,
demons do not always have the luxury of picking and
choosing their hosts and location. How do they feel
about layering every inch of rich earth with hot asphalt
and cold concrete? How will they respond? Are they

37

38

trabhatd

aware of how dependent the City of Angels, being
essentially a desert town, is on the aqueducts which
bring the life-giving water from the north?

In studying nature cycles one always studies the
relationship of predator and prey. Does humanity have
a naturally-occurring predator? Might a Devourer,
warped by years in the Abyss, decide that to restore the
natural balance so necessary for a ecosystem to survive
just such a predator is needed? Where might such a
predator be found, or could one be created? Would a
Devouter fill this role herself if she could find no
substitute? If she did fill this role, could she mask her
activities from the eyes of other demons, and if not, how
might other demons respond such activities?

LAUERS

Over fifty percent of the young men in South Central
have died of unnatural causes during the last year and the
coming years show no sign of recession. Anyone who lives
there knows that death could strike anytime, any place,
and this has bred a kind of obsession with death which is
highly conducive to attracting a Slayer's attention. Like-
wise, the homeless of the city live in constant fear of death
in spite of the clement weather patterns of southern
California (it is one of the only places in the world where
it is unusual to see rain in the summer months) because so
many of the Seventh House find hosts here.

City of ANGELS

The Halaku affinity with death makes them won-
derful villains, especially because they need not be
mindless killers but rather careful and crafty reapers of
human or fallen souls. Given the weakened state in
which the fallen now exist, it has become possible for
crafty demons to stalk their brethren asa means of easily
increasing their own power.

Plot Ideas: The obyiouséhoice for a villain from the
Seventh House would be to create a serial killer, but
Slayers were originally mortified at theprospect filling
humans, Humanity, was intendéd to be immortal like
their cteators. Now that demons are being merged with
humansand subjected tohuman emotions, might this old
horror at the thought of people dying return? Might such
a Slayer try to prevent the dying from passing on to a
mystery the Slayer knows nothing about? If death is now
a natural part of the system of life how dangerous is it if
people are not allowed todie? What might it feel like if
somebody was horribly mauled in an automobile acci
dent, but could not die? Might such an unfortunate just
continue to exist in an endless cycle of agony? What if
that tortured person was a relative or friend ofa possessed
human? How would that demon react?

Nobody knows what happens to the human soul
after the body dies. Itis that fear which lead the Seventh
House to construct the spirit realm to house some of

aS

Ciaprer TWO

these souls, but a disaster has all but destroyed that
realm. This has not disposed of all of those spirits which
had traveled that realm. Could some of those spirits,
with the help of a Slayer, still interact with the mortal
world? How might such a combination express them-
selves? Even if the ghost moved from host to host, or
simply dispelled afterwards, would patterns still appear
that another Slayer might recognize?

Factions
The House a demon belongs largely determines
what lore she studies and the form her angelic identity
takes, but the ideology which a demon most subscribes
to is best understood by which faction, if any, they join.
Here is a brief outline of how the five primary factions
operate in Los Angeles.
FAusTiANs

If Spentu Mainyu learns of a Faustian arriving in
LA, he will immediately attempt to recruit them; failing
that he will try to keep them so tied up in political
maneuvering within the court as to render them unable
to directly compete with his attempted takeover of the
entertainment industry. He detests using murder, and
will go to great lengths to avoid using so final a solution,
but this should not be mistaken for a reticencesor‘a
refusal should he be pushed too far.

‘A Faustian who escapes the notice onfiifluenée of
Spent Maifyiiwill find Los:Angelés t6 be @ veritable
wonderland of power, iifluence, money and fame.
Angelinos' obsession with style andartifice makes them
tailor-made to suit the Faustians' interests..From high
finance to dirty deals cut in the back rooms of South
Central, the City of Angels is like a vast board game for
these master manipulators, packed with a dizzying vari-
ety of playing pieces to be chosen, used and discarded
when their usefulness is at an énd.

Faustians in Ls Angeles move through a variety
of different arenas, spinning their webs of influence
through city government, the entertainment industry,
street gangs and the multitude of religious groups that
were ubiquitous to LA even before the earthquake
struck. There is little sense of organization among the
faction at this time, as most members are kept off
balance by Spentu Mainyu or are too busy taking
advantage of the current chaos to build their own
power base as quickly as possible.

Plot Ideas: Monstrous Faustians use humanity as
mere tools, whereas the finest of the faction regard
people more as partners, even sometimes allies in the
greater struggle to subjugate humanity as a whole. How
many pacts could a clever Faustian form with the needy
and greedy inhabitants of the Tri-County Area? Once
formed, how careful will these demons be with the

welfare of these thralls? If they are careless might other
demons notice the signs of abuse in the thralls? How
does this abuse sit with the characters? Can they free the
unhappy thrall from so despicable a master?

CrupTics

The Cryptics are profoundly interested in control-
ling LA for two reasons. One is obviously to have
influence on the entertainment industry, and the other
stems from their general desire to control every major
travel hub, like New York, Atlanta, London, ete. To
this end they have sent theeapable Al-Lat to establish
a beachhead. Upon arrifialy tit Lady decided to play a
passive game by insifuating her followers into key
positions in the Court and waiting for an opportunity to
seize outrighticontrol.

But circumseffttes haveguicklytinved beyond her
control. A second court was established which she
responded to by infiltrating it as she had the first, but
notas thoroughly. Thenshe learned that not only were
three Earthbound présent in the city, but also the
Morningstar himself: While she was trying to deal with
this, Devil's Night erupted, and culminated in Lucifer
manifesting himself for all the world to see. As if that
were not endiigh, two of het followers ate losing their
fight with Torment and turning into vicious killers,
although Al-Lat is not'yét'awate of this.

The leaders of the Crypties are considering replac-
ing Al-Lat, not because she is incompetent but simply
because the situation is expanding beyond anybody's
ability to-predict: However, for tight now they are
waiting and trusting their field commander.

Just as Spentu Mainyu is trying to recruit every
Faustian who enters the city, Al-Lat is attempting to
secure the help of every Cryptic who arrives. Her job is
made easier by the fact that she has, for now at least, the
full support of the Cryptic leadership. The other differ-
ence is that Al-Lat does not try to interfere with or
punish any who do not join. She simply ignores them.

Despite the fact that most Cryptics are attracted to
the older cultures of Europe and Asia in order to study
the learning that is held there, there is plenty to recom-
mend Los Angeles to itinerant Cryptics even aside from
Lucifer's manifestation. The museums and universities
of the city contain scores of rare manuscripts, some
more ancient and profound than their mortal curators
realize. Some may contain tantalizing hints of the
period after the war and the reasons behind the
Morningstar's disappearance, not to mention the ac-
tivities of the mysterious and deadly Earthbound. By the
same token, many Cryptics come to the city simply to
study how the various human cultures have blended
together and where they have failed to do so. Studying
the state of the mortal world and the interrelationships

39

40

with human culture, these seekers of mystery are sifting
through the scattered leaves of human civilization in
hopes of discovering how and where the Babel project
went awry. Finally, as much as the Cryptics seek knowl-
edge for the power it brings, they also realize that
information in the wrong hands can cause untold dam-
age to the fallen and humanity alike. There are some
fallen in the city who hunt for ancient secrets for the
express purpose of denying the knowledge to the unwor-
thy. As the cliché goes, there are some things that
humankind — and some demons — are simply not
meant to know.

Plot Ideas: Their time in the Abyss has led the
Cryptics to question what they did in the rebellion. This
does not mean they think they made a mistake. Itsimply
means they feel the need to study the world carefully to
determine if a mistake was made, and if it was then what
should be done about it. But how can they go about
studying their actions and the Almighty's intentions
now that they can no longer use their fullest powers or
even contact the Almighty at all? But humans contain
Faith which is a paler version of how the Almighty
powered his angels in times gone past, so could a
potential answer be found in this? Do humans contain
a secret that the demons never suspected? Has the
Almighty put something in them which might reveal
the answers to this secret? If yes, how to go about finding
it? Maybe vivisections might reveal some information?
Also, might tests conducted under intense physical
conditions uncover something interesting? If a de-
mented Cryptic were to start conducting such
experiments on humanity, could other demons recog-
nize the supernatural hand?

LacirenANs

Obviously, until recently there was little about LA
which attracted the attention of the Luciferans to the
West Coast, but now there is. Before, the stodgy loyal-
ists were content to leave Southern California to the
ambitions of the other demons, especially when Baron-
ess Kishar arrived and assumed control of the infernal
court there.

There was no communication between Kishar and
her allies in the Luciferan faction. Los Angeles was not
considered important so long as it remained quiet, and
Spentu Mainyu made quite sure that the area stayed
quiet for all intents and purposes. Thus nobody in the
higher levels of the faction had any idea of how badly
things were going until the Devil's Night Riots erupted.

Naturally, the appearance of the Morningstar has
made Los Angeles the single most important place on
the Earth for the Luciferans, drawing scores of the fallen
from every part of the world. Unlike many of the other
factions, who are vulnerable to conflicting personal

Ciry oF ANGELS

agendas and internecine struggles, the Luciferans are
generally more unified and loyal to one another, placing
the goal of reunification over any personal concerns.
These demons have spread out actoss the city, recruit-
ing human eyes and ears and conducting searches on
their own, sometimes taking them into jealously guarded
territory such as Manishtusu's holdings in South Cen-
tral. What the faction currently lacks in the city is,
ironically,'a'strong leader — someone who can gather
the Luciférans together and organize their efforts.

Plot Ideas: The Luciférans remain loyal to their old
leader, but some ofthe leaders of this moyement feel
that the Morningstar's sudden appearance and even
more sudden disappearance hhasdone move-harm than
good. How might such leaders respond? What if they
were adept. illusionists? If they could only somehow
control'the words that Lucifer might say if he appeared
again'how much good could thedo their cause? If they
used their powers of illusions and kept the secondary
appearances short could they deceive other demons
into believing that Lucifer was speaking to them? If they
could do this, for how long could they maintain the
deception? How many people would they have to enlist
to maintain the illusion? Might some of those people
become dissatisfied with such work? And if they became
unhappy, might they talk injudiciously?

RAVENERS

There is a three-pronged war taking place for con-
trol of Los Angeles, but only one faction is aware of it.
The Faustians and Cryptics fight a battle of politics and
patience, each waiting for the other to make a mistake
so that they can capitalize on it and claim the city for
their own. What neither side is aware of is that the
Raveners are present'in force — inpfact, they are.the
most common faction in LA at the present— and they
are responsible for much of the chaos taking place.
Several of the city's high-ranking fallen are not only
members of this violent faction, they are also allied with
monsters more terrible)still — the/Earthbound, in the
form of Manishtusu and Enshagkushanna.

These alliances mean'that the Raveners in the city
afe more demented, powerful and dangerous than they
might be elsewhere, able to take advantage of their
masters' influence and resources to manipulate the ten-
sions in both human and fallen relations to sow the seeds
of violence and upheaval. Chaosat every level of the city
— from eleéted officials tothe lowliest street gang in the
barrio — provides countless opportunities for the
Raveners to insinuate themselves andilead mortals and
demons alike to destruction. The gangs and the police in
particular make excellent catspaws for the faction, pro-
vidinga seemingly endless supply of manpower, weapons
and money to tear at one another — and the city — in

SS


the process. In the realm of fallen politics, the tensions
between the city's two courts create many possibilities for
the Raveners to exploit, influencing both sides to escalat-
inglevelsof violence until bothare drawn intoadownward
spiral of destruction and bloodshed.

Plot Ideas: In this age of weapons of mass destruc-
tion and deadly viruses, how long will it be before the
newly escaped fallen learn enough to use such means to
extract their revenge from humanity? If a Ravener, for
instance, were to learn of the Ebola virus, might said
demon be tempted to steal samples of that deadly virus
to lace water supplies of major cities? If this demon's
theft were to be reported on the news would another
demon recognize the supernatural talents of the thief?
Might these two theoretical demons even know each
other? Maybe instead of lacing the water supply a
demon could use its natural immunity to diseases and
the such to infect a body and act as a kind of Typhoid
Mary. The possibilities are terrifying.

RECONCILERS

The Reconciler faction is small but resolutely ac-
tive in Los Angeles, which is hardly surprising
considering that idealism and dreams frequently go
hand inshand. They are!ledyby, Vohu Mano, whose
tireless efforts earn them much admiration but whose
total lack oftact prevents"them from holding the
ground his efforts earn.

Like everyone else the Reconcilers are anxious to
iden whpch® Mortlti8tenais.not with them in the
Abyss and what he has been doingiin' the interim, so
many of their number ate migrating towards Los Ange-
les to explore what is going on. Further, the vast human
drama being played out among the.tuins of the city in
the wake of Devil's Night presents ajchallenge to the
faction that many are hard-pressed to ignore: can they
rebuild a better place from the ashes? If notin the City
of Angels, where else?

The Century City Plaza presents a golden opportu-
nity for the faction to put their beliefs to the test. If they
can rebuild the plaza along the lines of the original
vision espoused by its developers, could they not create
asanctuary of safety, self-reliance and prosperity within
the turmoil of Los Angeles? From there they could
extend their efforts to the rest of the city with the
gleaming Century Towers as a shining symbol of the
future for all Angelinos.

Of course, this is easier said than done. Financial
hurdles notwithstanding, the faction would have to
assemble builders, architects and planners to restore
Century City to its original self, then find individuals
with the proper leadership and vision to draw city
residents to relocate and then ensure that they could
support themselves within the community. Finally,

they would have to protect the new city from outside
threats, both mortal and fallen, and the faction as a
whole is not noted for its fierceness in battle. In short,
the effort would require a massive coalition of people
and demons with a variety of skills and abilities, cutting
across race, gender, House and even faction. Certainly
a daunting task, but one that most Reconcilers would
pursue with a passion.

Plot Ideas: Although Reconcilers are not wont to
commit crimes or pervert humanity, that does not
guarantee that they always act in the right. Might a
well-meaning Reconciler mistake Lucifer's manifesta-
tion fora message to reveal the existence of the fallen to
the rest of the world? Might this demon attempt to
reveal his true nature, and that of all demons, to
humanity, regardless of the cost? How would the court
react to such revelations? Is it even wise to tell all of
humanity the truth?

CHRONICLE,SEEDS

The followingare outlines for five possible chronicles
set in the City of Angels. Like everything else in this
book, you, the Storyteller, should feel free to alter,
combine or dispense with any part of these ideas. They
are provided to help jumpstart ideas in your own head,
and to help beginning Storytellers construct chronicles
which you and your characters can enjoy over long
periods of time.

Tue Treasure Munr

Background: In the first battle of the Great Rebel-
lion Lucifer fought with a scythe thrown to him by one
of his followers. He fought the Archangel Michael who
wielded a flaming sword, and during the wars that
followed that sword became a symbol of terror for the
fallen. Yet on the eve of their defeat a rumor spread
throughout the fallen that the sword had been stolen
out from underneath Michael's watchful gaze.

The truth is more complex. Before surrendering,
Lucifer went to Michael. Noone knows what was spoken
between these mighty foes, but at the end of the meeting
Michael cast away his sword and left it for all time. Later,
once the fallen were imprisoned in the Abyss, Lucifer
located the sword and hid it away ina special realm that
can only be achieved by gathering together three relics
that can unlock the gateway. The door to this realm was
placed on what is now Santa Catalina Islands.

Involving the characters: If the characters are
Cryptics then they can start by being attached to Al-
Lat's expedition or be recruited by the Lady herself to
find Gripontel's artifact. A group of Raveners might be
ordered into the city by their commanders to find an
artifact of undisclosed power. The same could hold true
toa group of Faustians, Luciferans or Reconcilers. If the

uN

group is a mixture of factions then they could come
across a note stuck in an old book making reference to
a gateway which leads to a treasure of great power.

Throughout history, human magicians have
searched for relics of great power left over from the
legendary past. During his searches, a certain magician
compiled detailed notes regarding the rumored exist-
ence of the Thee Keys of Lucifer. The notebooks of this
diligent magician (whose name was Thothamun) hold
a list of the keys needed to unlock the door, and other
lesser mages have made mention of these notebooks.
The characters might stumble across one of these later
works to start them on the road.

The Plot: First there is the work of Thothamun.
There are two places in Los Angeles to locate such a
work: the Huntington Library or Johnson & Crowley's
Booksellers. Depending on where you want the book to
be found, you could tell a story of investigation, intrigue
and combat focused on penetrating the library, or opt
for a more challenging story of diplomacy and negotia-
tion as they attempt to gain the book from Johnson &
Crowley's fallen proprietor.

Once the book is acquired the characters will need
to go in search of the components. There are three: the
anvil on which the flaming sword was forged, a sword
made by the same maker as the flaming sword and a

rry oF ANGELS

poem written by the Morningstar. All three items can
be found in LA.

The anvil is the same one Nash Alhomany is search-
ing the Rose Bowl Flea Market for, and in order to obtain
it the characters will have to help the frantic Malefactor
to locate it. The thief has hidden the anvil in the blimp
which circles over the Rose Bowl. This is why Nash's
compass cannot pinpoint the anvil's location.

A sword made by the same maker as the flaming sword
can be found in the backroom of the White Tiger Curio
Shop. How the characters acquire the sword is up to them,
but if you want to make things more challenging, then have
the sword stolen the night before the characters are about to
acquire it. The thief could be a Ravener who learned of the
sword and craves it for her own murderous schemes.

As for the poem, this requires some subtlety. The
graffiti artist One-Eye has the poem locked away in his
mind, and it is the words of this poem which he has been
so skillfully working into his art. His memory is com-
pletely missing because he had it removed at Lucifer's
request when Lucifer gave him the poem to memorize.
The memory is in a sphere which is hidden in the San
Bernardino Hills near the location of Tanya de Rossi's
camp. To find it the characters will need Gripontel's
artifact, and if they have not yet heard of this device
One-Eye can fill them in.


Cuaprer Two

Locating the sword: There are no maps to show the
way to where the sword is hidden, so the only way to find
the sword is to use Gripontel's artifact to lead the way.
Since this is what Al-Lat has been unsuccessfully search-
ing for, this search will bring the characters and Al-Lat
into conflict. If the characters are working for Al-Lat
then they can wean information out of her. Otherwise
they will have to break into her office to rifle through
her papers.

A\-Lat believesshe has located the general location of
the sextant. It is in the one portion of Los Angeles she has
never been able to search: the Nickerson Garden Projects,
home of Manishtusu, but to penetrate that fortress means
storming the lair of a very powerful Earthbound.

The artifact is located in Psycho's house. The
Slayer knows it is a powerful artifact, but does not
understand how to work it. So for now he keeps it
hidden in the crawl space in the closet of his room. It
functions like a Geiger counter, keening ever louder as
it draws closer to the artifact.

The sword's location: Michael's sword is hidden in
a concealed bastion on Santa Catalina Island. Using
Gripontel's artifact, it is possible to locate the bastion's
concealed doorway, and the presentation of the thre:
keys unlocks the powerful wards sealing the fortr
Unfortunately, the opening of the bastion unleashes a
wave of pent-up Celestial energy that alertsnearly every
fallen in the region. The characters must race against
time to penetrate the bastion, locate the sword and
escape before demons more powerful than they come
looking for the source of the energy.

KINGMAKER

Background: There are two courts operating in Los
Angeles and each one is headed by someone who should
not be in charge. Anat's affiliations make her a true
menace as head of a court. Kishar, while being a tal-
ented field commander, is ill suited for the task of
governing acity. She knows this, but her absolute sense
of propriety will not permit her to surrender the seat to
anyone of a lesser rank unless she receives orders to do
so from a superior.

The characters may want to promote one of their
own to the elevated rank of Tyrant of Los Angeles, or
they may simply believe that a better leader can be
found than the unsuitable Kishar. One possible succes-
sor is Baroness Gao Yao, a Fiend who manifested in the
body of wheelchair-bound host and is incapable of
fighting her own battles, but could be an excellent
advisor and mentor.

Kishar will not abdicate for Gao Yao because they
areofequal rank but Kishar, beinga Scourge, isof amore
senior House, so the characters will need to find a way
to depose the current Baroness. Gao Yao will want her

city to be at peace, so she might ask the characters to
remove the threat of Anat, though anyone who at-
tempts to meddle with the current political situation
will find themselves at odds with Spentu Mainyu.

Challenges: First Gao Yao will want to test the
characters' abilities. In the interests of stabilizing the
city, she will prevail upon the characters to investigate
and uncover the secretive Blood Court. Although the
Blood Court is more stable and effective than the
Infernal Court, it is still vulnerable because Kishar
because of its relative anonymity. Uncovering clear
evidence of the court's existence and presenting the
information to Kishar would bring the wrath of the
court down on Anat and her supporters.

This could be difficult, however, because Kishar is
becoming distracted and warring with her Torment.
There is also the difficulty of proving the Blood Court
does exist, which Spentu Mainyu is working hard to
prevent. The best way to obtain the proof would be to
acquire video or audio recordings of Blood Court Min-
isters meeting and discussing their plots, and the best
way to do that is to subvert one of the lieutenants of the
Eagle Ministry.

Both chief ministers of the Eagle Ministries are
losing control of their lieutenants, but Nasu is slipping
more dramatically than Chenrezig, so finding one of her
lieutenants to subvert should be fairly easy. Once the
proof is obtained, three tasks must be accomplished to
break the Blood Court's power: Nasu's murderous ram-
page must be uncovered and stopped, Vritran's efforts
must be stymied and Ravana must be stopped.

Nasu is the easiest. As she slips further into Torment
she becomes less guarded with her actions, and as her
actions draw more attention it is simply a matter of time
before she is denounced before the Infernal Court. Once
denounced the characters should be free to act against
her. They may not even encounter the wrath of Al-Lat if
they wait for the court to order Nasu brought to heel.

It is a toss-up which will be harder to stop, Vritran
or Ravana. While Vritran is more subtle and backed by
Spentu Mainyu, he is not especially adept at his endeav-
ors and must rely on the help of his assistants. To stop
him the characters must either convince him that what
he is doing would not be approved of by Lucifer —
Vritran is a Luciferan, after all — but this would be very
difficult to do. The easier task would be to expose some
of Vritran's shadier dealings to Kishar, who would surely
censure the Scourge.

Ravana's wrongdoings are easier to spot and com-
bat, but the number of demons she and Guanli have
absorbed has raised their lore to unimaginable levels.
Also Guanli has been steadily producing artifacts using
all of thisnewly-acquired lore, so actually attacking and

4

3

44

stopping the duo should be an enormous task stretching
over the course of several stories.

Once these three are disrupted, the Blood Court
willbe too weakened tocontinue. With Vritran stopped,
Spentu Mainyu will have to divert the majority of his
efforts into making sure his primary plan continues
which means he will no longer be active in either Court,
and if the Lion Ministry can be decapitated, then the
Blood Court will lose its primary striking power. Fur-
ther, confessions from one or more of the senior court
ministers would be sufficient to cast serious doubt upon
the ruling power of Baroness Kishar, who was evidently
oblivious to seeds of treason sown right under her nose.
This is all the leverage Guanli would need to turn the
tables on the Baroness and force her from power.

A SMALL MATTER OF REBELLION

Background: Where the other chronicle best be-
gins by attacking the Blood Court, this one works better
if the characters are rebels out to destroy the Infernal
Court because Vohu Mano does not know that the
Blood Court exists, and his problems are all with the
Baroness he serves and the Auroch Ministry he is
constantly feuding with.

It will take three things to destabilize the Infernal
Court: eliminate Guanli, subdue Aglibol and neutralize
Chenrezig. All three of these objectives should be
extremely difficult, and they will need to be done in
fairly quick succession or the removed minister will
simply be replaced and the trouble will begin again.

In terms of combat Guanli, will definitely be the
hardest to stop. The number of demons he and Ravana
have absorbed has so greatly increased their lore that
they are probably the most powerful demons in Los
Angeles. To make matters worse Guanli has been
steadily producing artifacts using all this newly acquired
lore, so their thralls will be heavily armed as well.

Aglibol has turned the Huntington Library into a
kind of headquarters and can, at a moment's notice,
convert it into an armed camp. To subdue this fanatical
Devil it will be necessary to remove the threat of the
Huntington Library, and this would be especially im-
portant to Vohu Mano because the raids on the
Reconciler are staged on the grounds of Huntington.

Neutralizing Chenrezig could be tricky for a couple
of reasons. Firstly, he is Al-Lat's assistant and the member
of her Cryptics who the Lady most relies on, so ifhe is in
danger Al-Lat will move swiftly and harshly to defend
Chenrezig, more so than the Fiend will do in his own
defense. Next comes Kishar's respect for Chenrezig.
Although she bitterly resents his questioning the propri-
ety of staying loyal to Lucifer, the Fiend performs his
duties admirably and diligently, something Kishar always
respects. So Kishar, too, will move to defend the Fiend if

Crry oF ANGELS

she perceives him tobe in difficulty. And since Chenrezig
is the All-Seeing Eye for the Eagle Ministry there is very
little which escapes his notice for long.

The good news is that Chenrezig has a couple of
decided weaknesses. Since learning that his old friend
Manishtusu is in Los Angeles, he has been somewhat
distracted. Not so much as to be detrimental to his
duties, but some things are slipping past him now,
whereas before very little was. However, the primary
weakness Chenrezig has is his mortal host. Daniel
Gopal was a citizen of India when he disappeared and a
prominent one at that, so India has filed a missing
person's complaint with the FBI and put pressure on the
government to find their missing biochemist. A clever
character group could cause Chenrezig no end of diffi-
culty by simply telling the FBI where to find Daniel
Gopal. Orthe characters could try to convince Chenrezig
toaid them. This would be far more difficult, but would
gain them a powerful ally.

Once again, what the characters do to achieve
these goals will determine what state the city is in and
how best to proceed against the Blood Court, so do not
plan too far into the future. These chronicle ideas work
best if the Storyteller keeps a fluid approach to telling a
story and reacts to what the characters do rather than
carefully prescript every encounter. Also consider that
as the Infernal Court weakens, the Blood Court will be
strengthening, which means that the characters could
destabilize the court like Vohu Mano wants only to see
the city explode in violence under the grip of the
ascendant Blood Court.

Potential Allies: Vohu Mano would support any
effort that shakes up what he views as a corrupt and
incompetent system, but never forget that Spentu
Mainyu has a spy, Bartholomew Chandler, in the Mor-
tal Ministry and so would be aware of any serious actions
Vohu Mano might take, and Spentu Mainyu will be
vigorously opposed to any effort which might threaten
his delicate political balancing act. Also the Fell Knight
Ashur could be a powerful ally, but because of his love
for Kishar he could be a real double-edged sword.

THe BLoop Fru

Background: During the wars in the Age of Wrath,
Ashur was once captured and held in the prison
fortress of Sagan. From that labyrinth Kishar rescued
her lover, but in doing this she left behind the army she
normally commanded. Most of her soldiers understood
and approved of her actions. They would have even
followed her had she not so expressly forbidden it. Her
success created a mighty stir amongst the followers of
Lucifer who rejoiced that one of their own had so
thwarted the plans of the Almighty in the name of so

noble a cause as love.


CHAPTER TWO

Not all of the fallen approved of her actions, how-
ever. Two commanders had forbidden Kishar to risk
herself in so dangerous an operation, and when she
succeeded, both commanders were made to feel foolish
—something that every demon resents. Grifiel, leader of
the Luciferansand reputed lover to Lucifer, and Suphlatus,
the Duchess of Dust and leader of the Raveners, both
forbade Kishar to attack Sagan, and they further insisted
that she make no attempt whatsoever to save Ashur.

Either of these two would be willing to use a small
group of newly-escaped demons to form a strike force to
extract vengeance from Kishar by killing (if sent by
Suphlatus) or crippling (if sent by Grifiel) Ashur. They
would use a small and expendable group which, if it
failed or was found out, they could deny ever knowing.

Such a group would not merely be ordered to attack
Ashur, it would also be charged with keeping Kishar in
power until a more suitable leader was found to replace
her, so the group would first have to travel to LA and
study the terrain before they swung into action. Also
they would need to find some kind of weapon to use on
Ashur, who was an extremely powerful warrior.

Getting Situated: An excellent place for the charac-
ters to start would be by insinuating themselves into
either Eagle Ministry, although the Infernal Court might
be the better choice to join, to gain access to the local
information network. The easiest way to do this would be
tohelp Mr. Johnson clear himself of the attention of the
LAPD stemming from the disappearance of his au pair.

Once the group is installed in the court, keeping
Kishar in power will be quite a challenge, and will almost
certainly involve trying to neutralize one of the three
Earthbound currently residing in Los Angeles. Since
Enshagkushannais the weakest of the three, he is the best
one for characters to try to dislodge, and they mighteven
receive assistance from the Blood Court because there is
no love lost between Enshagkushanna and Anat. This
could culminate in a raid on Catalina Island, which is
where Enshagkushanna's reliquary is located.

By the way, neutralizing one of the Earthbound is so
important because if Kishar is seen as eliminating such
a threat then her renown will increase to such a level
that very few would be anxious to even speak ill of her.
Almost every demon fears and hates the Earthbound,
and destroying one would earn a leader admiration from
every Faction. So driving off one of the Earthbound is
the simplest way to keep Kishar in power.

‘Te MonninasTan MusTEeRd

Background: One of the oldest questions is why
Lucifer, the most beloved and foremost of all angels,
forsake his oath to the Creator and rebelled against
heaven. A thousand possible answers exist, but none of
them matter to the fallen. They only want to know why
the First Rebel was not with them in the Abyss and what
has he been doing during the interim. They thought
they would have to spend years searching for their
former leader crossing endless stretches of time and
space, but suddenly the Morningstar manifested himself
over the skies of Los Angeles. What had always been a
vague desire now seemed possible.

But then, as suddenly as he appeared, he vanished.
Every demon, every court, every faction across the
world is sending agents to investigate Los Angeles. This
could be an easy way to bring together a group of
characters with wildly different characters and factions.

If the characters wish to investigate the physical
location where Lucifer manifested, then they should
help the court to subdue Manishtusu because the
Morningstar appeared over the streets of downtown LA
where Manishtusu holds considerable street-level in-
fluence. Manishtusu is too powerful to risk a direct
confrontation, but the characters have the potential to
seriously weaken his power if they target Manishtusu's
primary henchmen like Psycho, Trip-9 and Antonio
Gabrelli. During this time they may even be approached
by agents of Belial who is still in the city, but the Great
Beast should never be trusted, and only a fool would
trust an alliance with this Earthbound.

Another track could be through Aglibol. After all
it was this Devil's minions who actually cornered the
Morningstar and forced the manifestation. Of course,
Aglibol was working under the directions of
Enshagkushanna, so pursuit of this line could end up not
only with a confrontation at Huntington Library, but
also at Catalina Island.

Potential Allies: These are everywhere, as are the
potential enemies. It all depends on how the charac-
ters approach their investigation. For every ally there
is somebody to be offended, and there is no way to
conduct an investigation without getting drawn into
the snarled political situation of LA. Eventually the
characters will have to choose a side, because the
Earthbound are too powerful to be faced without
allies, and the more the merrier.

45

See


Many demons are in woods, in waters, in wildernesses,
and in dark, poolly places to hurt and prejudice people; some
are also in the thick, black clouds, which cause hail, lightning
and thunder, and poison the air, the pastures and grounds.

— Martin Luther, Table Talk

This chapter contains detailed character profiles of
the prominent demons active in Los Angeles, as well as
basic information on a host of "minor players" from
each of the major Houses that you, the Storyteller, can
use when populating the setting of your Demon
chronicle. Finally, each section contains six "bit play-
ers," character sketches of demons from each House
that can be fleshed out to whatever extent serves your
purpose, from chance city encounters to recurring con-
tacts, allies or antagonists in your stories.

DEVILS

Scnarcu(Spentu Matsaa)
What few fallen remember is that before they were
cast into the Abyss, before even the Age of Babel,

Spentu Mainyu had been a Baron in the Crimson
Legion and a renowned general, yet by the time he was
cast into the Abyss, he had been demoted to Fell
Knight. No one knows what crime or mistakes Spentu
Mainyu made except for the Devil himself and Lucifer,
and neither of them are talking.

But even with only this limited information, it is easy
tosee why Spentu Mainyu easily set aside his loyalty to the
First Rebel, if he even ever truly had any, and became a
Faustian. Using his time in the Abyss to carefully consider
the successes and failures of his actions during the war,
Spentu Mainyu came toa conclusion thathe loudly shared
with his fellow prisoners: a rebellion against Heaven could
be successful if all of humanity supported it.

Humankind was definitely the key as far as Spentu
Mainyu could determine. Their faith powered every-


thing, except the Almighty. Theoretically if enough of
this faith could be harnessed then it could, besed to
create anything, even a new God.

Armed with this theory when he made his escape
from the Abyss, Spentu Mainyu searched for a host that
resonated with power and hunger. He found Scratch, a
drug dealer who had just been. double-crossed.by.an
ambitious underling. Seizing Scratch just as the treach-
erous underling was leaving the room, Spentu Mainyu
tore out the underling's heart and ate it,

Finding Scratch had been a lucky break for Spentu
Mainyu, because the handsome youth was no mere
street dealer. Scratch had been a purveyor of quality
drugs to the rich and powerful of Los Angeles, including
but not limited to film producers, corporate executives,
and manufacturing giants. As such Scratch wielded a
great deal of quiet influence, but the mortal had not
appreciated this. Spentu Mainyu did.

Using these contacts quickly and efficiently, Spentu
Mainyu located several newly arrived fallen and quickly
grasped the political layout of Los Angeles. His initial
efforts to subvert prominent members of the Los Ange-
les Police Department were thwarted by the Earthbound
Enshagkushanna, but the crafty Devil was successful in
other organizations, exerting a modicum of control
within the civilian government and making inroads
into the local offices of the FBI. Not long after, he made
his presence known to the demons in the city and
declared himself the Tyrant of Los Angeles, lord and
master of the Infernal Court.

Spentu carefully and deliberately organized the court
inaway thatensureda certain degree of order and control
over the city, but with enough internal tension that his
ministers would be too busy feuding with one another to'

City of AYGELS

plot against him. He chose two bitter rivals to head the
Ministry of Aurochs and the Ministry of Dust, Aglibol
and Vohu Mano respectively, who wasted no time oppos-
ing one another's interests. For the Ministry of Eagles,
Spentu Mainyu tapped Chenrezig, a newcomer to the
city, and Guanli, another stranger, was elevated to the
Ministry of Lions. The post of Dragon Minister, the
coutt's official inquisitor, was deliberately kept vacant.
Spentu claimed that he was waiting for the right demon
to fill such a vital role, and frequently used the open
position as a potential reward to broker deals with mem-
bers of the court. Since the Court of Los Angeles currently
‘owes no fealty to any higher court, Spentu has so far
managed to get away with this political gamble, though
the Devil knows that sooner or later he will have a Lord
Inquisitor poking into his affairs.

The Infernal Court was a clever piece of construc-
tion, and once in place it allowed Spentu Mainyu to
pursue his real goal. Through the medium of television,
Spentu Mainyu believed he had found the resource he
needed to unite humanity's faith. Working with the
Scourge Vritran, Spentu Mainyu went to work gaining
control overa network of television producers who had
the power to change the type of programs being sent out
‘over the airwaves.

But all was not well inother parts of the Devil's
domain. Internal. tensions in the City of Angels were
threatening to spin out of control, and managing them
was taking up too much of the tyrant's time and atten-
tion. It was then that Kishar arrived.

When he heard of her arrival Spentu Mainyu
wanted to dance with joy, but his politically cunning
mind knew better. He waited a couple of days, encour-
aging the other fallen to believe that he would resist
handing over power to this newcomer, and then as
battle lines were being drawn he capitulated without a
fight. This move not only spared him from the head-
aches of running the city, but it also earned him the
gratitude of the new Baroness, who named him to the
still vacant post of Dragon Minister.

To ensure that he would be free to pursue his plans,
Spentu Mainyu needed a city on the constant verge of
an explosion but never quite crossing into outright
conflict. To that end he secretly approached Anat and
helped her establish a second court, the Blood Court,
and found himself, for the second time, being named as
head of the Dragon Ministry. What is almost ironic
that Spentu Mainyu is spending as much time trying to
maintain tension between the two courts as he spent
actually running the city, so he has not yet benefited
much from his scheming.

Image: Scratch does not look the part of the proud,
aristocratic Devil. He has soft, rounded features, dark
skin and an easygoing, affable demeanor. His movements


Cuyerer Tan

are graceful and slow, and his hands have almost preter-
naturally long fingers. He is fond of coin tricks and other
sleights of hand, often unconsciously rolling coins across
his long fingers as he contemplates his next move.

Roleplaying Hints: Spentu Mainyu hides a ruthe
lessand methodical personality behind the soft, friendly
manners of Scratch. Unlike many Devils, who prefer to
use their charisma as a club to bully others into agree-
ment, Spentu is charming, seemingly open and
sympathetic to potential friends and allies. He is equal
parts snake-oil salesman and hard-nosed diplomat.

Nature: Conniver

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Computer 1, Dodge 2, Empa-
thy 3, Etiquette 2, Expression 2, Firearms 1, Intuition 3,
Law 3, Leadership 3, Occult 3, Politics 4, Subterfuge 3,
Stealth 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Eminence 2, Influence 4,
Pacts 3, Resources 3, Legacy 2

Willpower: 9

Faith: 8

Torment: 8

Apocalyptic Form: Dhe Visage of Radiance

Lore: Radiance 4, Celestials 2, Flame 2, Humanity.3

Jesus Annoga (AGLIBOL)

Deep in the heart of the Devil Aglibol exists a dark
core of jealousy. When he looked on) the world he
helped create, all he could see was that the parts Lucifer
oversaw were better than his, yet even as he resented the
Morningstar's preeminence Aglibol adored Lucifer.
When the Great Debate began, Aglibol declared loudly
and fiercely against it, yet when Lucifer announced his
support, Aglibol joined the cause without hesitation.

Throughout the Ages that followed, Aglibol could
always be found at Genhinnom or near Lucifer's side.
He rose through the ranks quickly and effortlessly, not
asa measure of his skill and ability but more by virtue of
hisunswerving loyalty and devotion to the Lightbringer.
He adored the Prince for his effortless perfection, even
asthe Lightbringer's reflected glory highlighted Aglibol's
own perceived shortcomings. As the war ground on
Aglibol frequently abused the authority Lucifer vested
in him, shielded from reproach by his rank and stature
in the Morningstar's grand councils. By the war'siend,
Aglibol was widely despised by the nobles of the infer-
nal host, and when it was clear that Lucifer was not
destined for the Abyss, these lords turned on their petty,
tormentor without mercy, making his existence a literal
hell. When the Maelstrom ruptured the walls of the
Abyss, Aglibol was one of the first escapees.

On Earth, Councilman Jesus Arroya, one of only three
minority councilmen on the fifteen-member governing
body of Los Angeles and the only Latino, worked late into
the night every night of the week when he finally suc
cumbed to the incessant pressures of the job. Although it
was only anervous breakdown, not death, it weakened the
mortal tether sufficiently for Aglibol to take control.

As a human Councilman, Arroya had been a fair
but dedicated crusader for the rights of his people, but
with ‘Aglibol in charge that quickly changed. Where
Arroya wanted his fellow men to help themselves to
become stronger and had fought to level the playing
field against white politicians and businessmen, Aglibol
felt only resentment at mistreatment heaped on him for
no better reason than the color of his skin. Within two
months Aglibol moved from the humble house in East
LA where Arroya had lived most of his life to a palatial
estate in Beverly Hills, financed by a tide of recent
bribes and kickbacks. Not long after, Aglibol came to
the attention of the city's new tyrant, Spentu Mainyu.
Recognizing'the Devil's crippling self-doubts, Spentu
"rewarded" Aglibol with the Ministry of Aurochs, well
aware of the feud it would create between Aglibol and
Vohu Manoya demon whose enmity for Aglibol went
back to the Age of Wrath. Spentu was not disappointed

Thechiefweapon Aglibolhas employed against Vohu
Mano is Nuestra Familia and the'sexual orientation of
Vohu Mano's host. Playing upon the machismo of the
gang culture Aglibol has successfully stirred up the hatred
of many teenage Hispanics who are eager to prove their
manhood with acts of hatred and violence, particularly
against gays. The homicide rate in WeHo has doubled.

It.took the rumors of Lucifer's presence in Los
Angeles to shake Aglibol out of his pit bull-like deter-
mination to destroy Vohu Mano. Even then the response

49

50.

was curious. Aglibol made no attempt to reform his
corrupt ways. Instead he convinced himself that it was
an impostor who roamed the streets, and he sent his,
gangs to hunting for the fool that dared pretend to be
the First Rebel.

The gangs who cornered Lucifer and forced his
hand during the Devil's Night riots were Aglibol's own
Nuestra Familia, not any of the three Earthbound's
thralls. None survived the encounter, so Aglibol does
not know if the Morningstar learned who had set the
gangs on his trail. Consequently Aglibol now spends his
days hiding in his quarters, rarely communicating with
anyone, even the Ministry he is supposed to oversee.

Image: Aglibol's appears to be a Hispanic man itt
his late forties. His years of dedication and stress had left
him haggard and thin, but Aglibol's devotion to easy life
has changed that. He is not yet fat but definitely headed
in that direction, yet some trace of the hard years still
lingers in the corners of his eyes.

In bearing Aglibol is insufferably arrogant. Al-
though his of short stature, he still manages to give the
impression of looking down his nose at everyone: Lately
his fears have forced all other thoughts out of his mind,
including those of hygiene, so his black hair is matted
and an unpleasant miasma of body odogsurrounds him,

Roleplaying HintsAglibol has always been a little
creepy becauseiof his internalyconflict over hisloye for
Lucifer, but this fairly minor flaw has since become a
raging obsession. He argues with himself and suspects
everyone of trying to betrayhim to Lueifer, even though
he has done nothing wrong (so he insists).

His influence has left a mark on the street gangs of
East LA, but the recent absence of his leadership means
that they are running out of control. The Baroness has
ordered him to rein in the excesses/of his gangs, but
Aglibol pretends to have not received the messages. He
knows a confrontation is coming and he wants to avoid
it, but does not know how.

Nature: Autocrat

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Computer 1, Dodge 2, Empa-
thy 2, Etiquette 2, Finance 2, Firearms 1, Intimidation 1,
Intuition 1, Law 2, Leadership 2, Politics 3, Subterfuge 3,
Stealth 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 1, Eminence 2,
Fame 2, Pacts 2, Legacy 2

Willpower: 6

Faith: 7

Torment

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Celestials

Lore: Celestials 3, Flame 1, Fundament 2, Humanity 2

City oF ANGELS

Minor PLAUERS

JauianPorester (?)

Julian Forester opened the hottest and most excit-
ihg clubs in the city, but they never lasted more than six
months because Julian was a master of hype but lousy at
figures. However, he was moving too fast to notice the
failures he left in his wake. Key to this obliviousness of
his was his dependency on rock cocaine, and it was the
white witch that led him into oblivion. Julian Forester
ever died, but his soul was weakened by long nights of
farug-induced euphoria.

The Devil that possessed Julian has little to no
Premory of what happened to it. It only feels a cold
contempt for the mass of humanity around it, but lucky
for Julian it is a better businessman than he is. After
Considering his options, the new Julian decided to open
a coffeehouse instead of another club, and he sought out
Spentu Mainyu for financial support.

The plan was to establish a place where all the fallen
of Los Angeles could come, relax and openly discuss the
matters, of the moment. Of course, the place would be
heavily bugged, and so would record every word spoken
and every glance shared. Spentu Mainyu heartily ap-
proved of the idea, and Julian Forester was in business.

He leased a shop on 3 Street Promenade in Santa
Monicaand refurbished itas acozylittle cafe for the idle
shopper named the Vertigo Coffeehouse. Julian also
leased the land behind the Vertigo where he built the
secret meetingspaces forthe fallen to gather in. The two
buildings are connected with by a doorway in the
middle of the three unisex bathrooms which is masked
by an illusion that, of course, every fallen can easily see
through. A very observant human might notice that an
inordinate umber of patrons take an awfully long time
ih the lavatory, But very few shoppers are that attentive
after a day spent in the hot sun.

The fallen use the Vertigo as rendezvous and club-
house. Noone seems to have realized the place is bugged
because the fallen as a whole are not accustomed to
fvorrying about electronic observation, so Julian For-
ster has learned some very interesting things over time.
Some of what he learns he shares with his patron,
Spentu Mainyu, but most he keeps for himself.

In his politics, Julian Forester is a Faustian. He
Serves Spentu Mainyu because the Devil is the strongest
len in the city, but he is also patiently spinning webs
of influence that might one day lead to his own bid for
control of the city's court.

Willpower: 7

Faith: 6

Torment

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Flames

Lore: Flame 3, Fundament 1, Humanity 1


Crsprer THREE

BARTHOLOMEW CHANDLEE (WAHISHTA)
Bartholomew Chandler was a vapid wastrel. As the
only son who stood to inherit the vast Chandler wealth,
he had no wants and less purpose. To fill this boredom
he took to using drugs, and inevitably suffered an
overdose. His would-be friends abandoned his coma-
tose body in a hotel on Route 66, but before Chandler
died, he was found by the Devil known as Vahishta.

For a couple of days Vahista wandered the streets of
Los Angeles, amazed by what he saw, following the
memories of his host back to Chandler's apartment, his
tiches and his lifestyle. Soon, Vahishta developed tactic
of getting a crowd of influential people to use a variety of
drugs, the effects of which he could easily negate, and
then, making use of their altered states, he would inter-
rogate them for whatever information he desired.

Spentu Mainyu, whose alter-ego Scratch supplied
Bartholomew and his friends with their drugs, soon
spotted the ambitious Devil and recruited him. Vahishta
willingly joined the Faustians, and then the Ministry of
Dust, where he serves under Vohu Mano but secretly
reports to Spentu Mainyu.

Vahishta can be found at most high-class society
functions peddling Scratch's product and pumping the
foolish for information. He is an adept socialite and few
realize that they are being manipulated. All they re-
member is howsmuch they enjoyed confiding in that
nice young man Bartholomew. Vohu Mano neither
likesnor trusts this lieutenant but does not have enough
resources to replace him.

Willpower: 5

Faith: 6

Torment: 7

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Radiance

Lore: Radiance 3, Flame 1, Fundament 1, Humanity 2

Trou DANIELS(BAPHOMEL)

Asateenager Troy Daniels joined the Young Repub-
licans; in college he served as a Senator. From his
youngest days Troy dreamt of beinga leader, and he spent
his adult life pursuing this goal. This brought him to the
offices of the mayor where he worked as an intern. He
spent his nights compiling data on the other politicians
ofthe city and running errands for the lieutenant-mayor.

On one of these errands he was hit by a drunk driver
and suffered immediate brain damage, but Baphomel was
there and in need ofa host. The Troy Daniels who walked
away from the wreck was a different creature. Baphomel
was tired of serving others. He had followed others all
through the war and the Abyss had been his only reward.
Now Baphomel wanted to be the one giving the orders.

Using the information Daniels had assembled,
Baphomel began a campaign of blackmail targeted
towards the city's politicians and fundraisers. Troy had

been an inyéterate record keeper and had witnessed
more indiscretions than he had realized. Baphomel was
cleverand ruthless. Soon the Devil became the lieuten-
ant mayor, aipost he could never have achieved under
legal circumstances.

Inphilosophy, Baphomelis closest toa Cryptic but has
declared for the Lucifereans because he currently serves as
an agent in the Ministry of Aurochs under the staunchly
conservative Aglibol. From his position as lieutenant-
mayor, Baphomel was Aglibol's chief line of information
topotential threats to the fallen of Los Angeles, but Devil's
Night has negated that usefulness. What is worse for
Baphomel is the destruction of City Hall because that is
where he hid most of the proof of wrongdoings thathe used
to blackmail the other politicians.

These days Baphomel spends his time haunting the
remains of City Hall, hoping that the construction
workers who are clearing the site will eventually come
across the black safe where all the material so vital to his
| was stored.

Willpower: 7

Faith: 8

Torment: 7

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Flames
Lore: Flames 3, Celestials 2, Fundament 2

‘Tasua pr Rossi(?)

Tanya de Rossi was an unattractive woman. She
was large and imposing with a personality like a bad-
tempered shark. But her overbearing personality and
obliviousness to the discomfort of others gained her a
measure of success in her field of running team-building
retreats for corporate executives where her rudeness was
often politely mistaken for focus.


She suffered a severe heart attack brought on by high-
blood pressure at the young age of thirty-six, and her
weakened state attracted the attention of a Devil who had
newly escaped from the Abyss. The shock of suddenly
inhabiting a mortal body, however, drove the demon's
memories deep into Tanya's subconscious, so for a short
while it was business as usual for the retreat planner.

Then she was approached by a representative ofthe
Earthbound demon Enshagkushanna. The Earthbound
had a plan, and Tanya was the perfect foil. Foolishly
Tanya accepted Enshagkushanna's terms. In return for
certain powers Tanya reopened her camp, but this time
for the children of wealthy Angelinos who want to send
them away from the chaos that is the City of Angels

The camp is a perfectly ordinary summer camp,
with one exception: the food is poisoned. Not toa level
that is instantly fatal, but enough to weaken the attend-
ees' health and ravage their minds over a period of
weeks. During this period, while the child's health fails,
Tanya has the sickest children taken to the camp
infirmary, where a group of the Earthbound's thralls
attempt to summon a demon from the Abyss anid bind
it into the child's body. So far the process has netted a
dozen such servants that Enshagkushanna has returned
to their mortal homes in the city, where they wait as
"sleeper agents" for the'day when Baal might try to.
remove the Earthbound from-his position.in.the city.So
far, Tanya has supported the Earthbound willingly,
though should thedemon's memory eventually emerge,
it's possible that her cooperation might undergo a
sudden and dramatic change.

Willpower: 6

Faith: 6

Torment: 7

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Celestials

Lore: Celestials 2, Flame 1, Radiance 1, Humanity 2

Bir PLagers

Micked ALDEN (AZHVIN)

Mickey Alden was a scion of hedonistic repute
within the record industry — as an executive for
Thunderdome Records, he was responsible for the "win-
ing and dining" of big artists, the act of which often
involved hookers, heroin, and firing automatic weap-
ons at his ranch outside of LA. His overindulgent
lifestyle left him a comatose mess, and so the Devil
Azhvin took control. Azhvin, an angel who entered)
Lucifer's crusade in an attempt of self-gain, has changed
little and now espouses Faustian ideals. Now, as "Mickey
Alden," Azhvin throws contracts to burgeoning artists
under the banner of wealth and fame, waits for their star
to go supernova, then ditches them for the "next big
thing." He has enthralled several up-and-comers, and

Ciry or ANGELS

awaits the day when a fallen musician enters his office.
He mistrusts all other fallen, and yet constantly pursues
new "deals" with them in an effort to obtain greater
influence. He can be found at most social events involv-
ing any member of either of LA's demon courts.

Canna Sancnez (Maper)

Porn is a massive industry in and out of the City of
Angels — bigger than Hollywood, that's forsure. Candy
Sanchez (real and "stage" name) was a fixture of low-
budget gang-bang videos, and had recently signed a

contract with a larger, more upscale production com-
panywhen her doctor informed her that she was
HIV-positive. Candy went into solitude, locking her-
self away in her Santa Monica condominium, taking
calls from no one but her brother Carlos, until she went
into the hospital with pneumonia. The combination of
depression and illness left her body and mind vacant,
and the Devil Wadjet took hold. Everyone viewed her
new vigor as a "miraculous recovery." Since then,
Candy has become something ofan icon forthe Women's
Rights movement, speaking out against the abuses (and
self-abuses) of American women. This Devil has also
achieved a small though growing role on the late night
serial drama Century Gardens. Wadjet is a lone Recon-
ciler, seeking to make peace with God through His
creation, the humans. As such, she is mistrusted due to
her place of relative influence and her desire to make
recompense for what she feels was an "error" on the
parts of all the fallen.

Jou Park (Haru)
Harut was formed from the same divine material as
his companion, Marut — the two angels, both members


Ciaprer THREE

of the Ebon Legion, considered themselves brother and
sister — as well as lovers. Both angels were fiercely
devoted to Lucifer, and opted to rebel not because of!
humanity, butultimately togain favor of the Lightbringer
and impress his peers. The two angels went into Dadaél,
the hated fortress, and became both gladiators and spies
for Lucifer. When the Abyssal sentence was levied against
the rebels, Harut and Marut were never found without
one another in the darkness and ash. Upon escaping, the
two were separated, and Harut found the body of John
Park, a 55-year-old charismatic minister at the Sojourner
First Baptist Church of Los Angeles, Park was descended
from the original founder of the Church, an escaped slave
called Paul Harmon Park, and continued the policies of
"civil disobedience" espoused by Martin Luther King.
Park's body was left bereft of substance by a series du
strokes, and Harut found his way in. Harut immediately
left the congregation behind, despite the pesky memories
of Park, and now he seeks his "other half," Marut, with
obsessive single-mindedness. He will pay handsomely
anyone who can help him find her, andharm anyone who
stands in his way.

Jouser Te Racens(Marar)

Marut (sister and lover of Harut, above) came to
the City of Angels and.found the new corpse of an
eighteen-year-old."aspiring actress" from Kentucky,
Johnette Eggers. Johnette, while leaving an audition for
a detergent commercial, was pulled into an alley and
raped, and for the merest moment, her soul departed
and Marut entered. Marut attacked her assailants with
abroken bottle and a length of pipe and decimated the
aggressors in a violent frenzy, which ironically landed
her in jail. She had little trouble escaping, bat, now
exists asa half-crazed fallen wanderingthe streets of LA.
with little memory of her ancient and mortal past, and
an ever-increasing burden of Torment. She only knows
one thing — the name "Harut" slips across her lips in a
whisper every quiet moment she finds, and she seeks
this mysterious demon with a hellbound passion, leav-
inga trail of bodies in her wake. She has yet to encounter
other fallen, but that time will come shortly, and woe to
them if they cannot direct her to Harut.

Bonts Bonaventura (KERETH MA)

The Venture Gallery is a middle-class artisan's de-
light. The store, part of a franchise found in countless
malls across America, was the brain-child of Boris
Bonaventura, an old-money Southern gentleman who
thought that supplying America with eclectic (read:
cookie-cutter) furnishings, artwork, and knick-knacks
was a sure path to success. And he was right. By the age
of 42, Bonaventura was a millionaire — who unfortu-
nately led an empty and shallow life. One night, on the
way to meet one of his many Ukrainian mistresses, Boris

was shot at an ATM, leaving his body comatose and fresh
for Kereth'ma. Kereth'ma was a righteous war chief
among the rebel angels, but his time in the Abyss left him
feeling hateful and betrayed. Unfortunately, the life of
Bonaventura wasn't enough to temper Kereth'ma's rage,
and the circumstances of his death left a dark print upon
Boris' now fragmented persona. Kereth'ma, unwittingly
a Ravener, finds the destruction of material goods per-
sonally satisfying, and seeks an outlet where he may be
allowed to generate massive physical destruction.

Harnoip Marrin(EnaziL)

Erazil is a Cryptic gone mad. His desire to "know"
information from other Fallen has lead him and his mortal
bodies into countless confrontations with other — often
more powerful — fallen, which has twice now resulted in
the destruction of Erazil's mortal flesh. He has now jumped
into the body of a schizophrenic street person (Harold
Martin), but he has unfortunately carried the memories of
his last two vessels with him, leaving his mind a jumbled
mess. He barelyacts in accord with Cryptic ideals anymore
—while he'can still be found pursing information about
pre-history and about Lucifer with a dogged fortitude, he
also performs erratic "miracles" about town on unsuspect-
ing mortals. He heals, he hurts, he helps, he destroys. All
creating a rather high profile that has attracted the ire of
both the mortal\and infernal'authorities. Erazil has no
conceptiof his own mortality, especially after switching
bodies as many times as he already has, and as such is
unlikely to act with any fear of physical harm.

Tomma BELL (Azit-DAHAKA)

Eleven-year-old Tommy Bell died in the hospital
+ pushed off the jungle gym by a brutish bully, he was
effectively rendered a living, breathing vegetable. Azhi-
Dahaka, the Mad Dragon of Zebul, took residence.
Azhi-Dahaka, twisted in the by the fate of the world,
was one of the angels who helped lay siege to the city of
Zebul —and he was one of the leaders of the charge that
left the Great Library a pile of char and ash. Azhi-
Dahaka took hold of Tommy's mortal shell, expecting
to wield the child's virility andslake his twisted thirston.
the petty mortals who turned away from the gracious
angels — but memories of a loving family, good grades,
and a new puppy left Azhi-Dahaka's eternal wrath
shaken and uncertain. Now, Tommy has become the
charismatic leader of the Evergreen Pines Elementary
School's sixth grade, excelling in his classes and ruling
protidly as class president. The faith of other children is
his domain, and he rarely thinks of the bloodshed he
‘once caused. Though, from time to time, the urge arises
ina wash of brutal memories....

ALONSO CARILLERO(CHEMOS)
Anaccident at 22 left Alonso Carillero bound toa
wheelchair — and thirty years later, he swallowed a

53

5.

4

handful of pain medication to commit suicide. Carillero,
a professor at the Eastern Los Angeles Community
College, spear-headed the Hispanic Litefature pro-
gram, but even the slow progress he made with students
wasn't enough to stop the depression. The medication
did not kill him — it left him in a coma, where he was
found by Chemos, a Devil breaking from the Abyss.
Chemos was a loyal proponent of tH@angel's rebellion,
and served under Penemue the Watcher when she
taught mankind the secrets of languageand writing. But
the Abyss left Chemos startled —+ where was Lucifer
the most loyal, the most regal? Suspicion had an
eternity to ferment, and Chemos left the timeless prison
believing that Lucifer had essentially "cut a deal" with
the Creator. This most recent display leaves Chemos
fearful that God is using Lucifer and that the Creator's
notice has turned back to the world. Chemos enjoys his
new mortal life and chooses not to involve himself in
the politicking of demons, but now wonders if perhaps
there is not a way to find the Lightbringer and turn him
back to their cause. He has not yet left the wheelchair,
but knows he could should the need arise.

SCOURGES

Marnie. Masninaron (KiSHAn)

When Lucifer said it was correct to rebel against the
Almighty, Kishar did not ask questions;. she set aside her
duties and followed. In the Iron Legion she found ample
opportunities to use her lore both to heal and destroy.

Her ability to think fast on her feet and inspire her
troops led to several battlefield promotions and per=
sonal commendations from the Morningstar himself,
These latter served as badges of extreme pride for the
Scourge commander, and she never doubted that whi
she did was right.

When she met the Defiler Ashur, it was like finding
a portion of herself that had been missing. Inifhetield
the two often fought back-to-back, winning fam vic-
tories. During the interludes they talked of how best to
help Lucifer build this new world, or simply sat in
silence enjoying each other's company, and fap first
time Kishar knew fear. She became afraid that Ashur
would be injured or destroyed. It gnawed at her every
time her lover went into battle.

Then her worst fears came to pass. Ashur was cap>
tured and taken to Sagun, the prison city, to await final
judgement by the Almighty. Without hesitation, Kishar
flew to Sagun and under the cover of darkness slipped
into its labyrinth. For two months she stalked the maze-
like corridors until she at last freed her lover and brought
him safely out of the city. Once they were safely into the
mountains outside ofthe city, they pledged their love and
swore never to permit themselves to part again. They

Ciry or ANGEI

sealed their bond by whispering their True Names into
each other's ear.

The horror of the Ages that followed did nothing to
shake their confidence in their cause, nor their love. Yet
the fear still tormented Kishar whenever Ashur went
into battle. When Lucifer ordered the Crimson and
Iron Legions to subdue the excesses of the Silver and
Ebon Legions, Kishar marched at the fore with Ashur by
her side. They never indulged in wanton cruelty, yet
they were implacable foes who marched against any and
all once Lucifer ordered them into the fray.

Even in the endless damnation of the Abyss, Kishar
and her lover never wavered in their absolute loyalty to
the Morningstar. When other fallen questioned why
the First Rebel was absent, the two would quietly insist
that their lost leader strove, to free his loyal subjects,
and when the Archdukes disappeared from the Abyss,
the two confidently said it was proof positive of Lucifer's
activities and intent.

It was perhaps the doubts of others that permitted
Kishar and Ashur to remain so loyal; so long as they
could fight, even if it was only with words, they did not
have to doubt. So long as they could be together, they
would calmly state, no madness could touch them.

When the cracks finally appeared in the Abyss, Kishar
and Ashur left together. Their bond kept them close as
they searched for hosts, but then they lost sight of each
other, and the old fear seized Kishar's heart. It was this fear
which resonated with Muriel Washington, an old black
woman who had buried all five of her children and was
about to lose the last of her grandchildren to AIDS.

As Mutriel's spirit gave out and her body slumped to
the floor of the decrepit apartment near the border of
the Nickerson Garden Projects, Kishar took residence.


Craver THREE

Quickly repairing the damage of sixty-four years, that
hard living had inflicted on the body, Kishar took set
about looking for Ashur. She called his name but
received only the barest whisper in response.

Then she saw what the world had become, and for
the first time in her existence Kishar knew the gnawing
feeling of doubt. Was this what Lucifer had wanted to
build? Had she defied the Almighty for this? How was
she to find Ashur in this chaos?

It took her two weeks, but Kishar did find her
missing lover. He had ended up in the body of Jeff Black,
a County Sheriff, but Ashur was now somehow differ-
ent. He no longer had faith in Lucifer. He spoke of
trying to make peace with the Almighty. He spoke
about forgiveness. Kishar barely recognized him.

Forgiveness? They had done nothing wrong. They
had obeyed the Morningstar. They had fought for what
they believed in. They had not committed any of the
atrocities so prevalent during the last days of the war.
Why did they need forgiveness? Iwas the first.argument
the lovers had ever had, but it would not be the last.

Meanwhile Kishar had found the nascent infernal
court of Los Angeles and presented herself. When
Spentu Mainyu, the Devil who had been the coutt's
tyrant and who had speciously promoted himself to the
rank of Overlord, abdicated both rank and title without
prompting, Kishar was touched by this loyalty which
was now so absent in her lover. Asa reward she elevated
Spentu Mainyu from Fell Knight, which was his proper
rank, to Lord and installed the wily Devil as head of the
Ministry of Dragons.

In almost every way Kishar is the wrong fallen to be
tuling Los Angeles. She is a brilliant battlefield com-
mander, but useless as leader of an occupying army. Her
talents lay in motivating warriors and planning attacks,
not in pacifying politicians and arranging defenses.
Kishar does not see the danger Lady Anat poses to the
court. Likewise, it has never occurred to Kishar that
Spentu Mainyu might be anything but loyal. Kishar sees
the tensions between Vohu Mano and Aglibol, and she
always sides with Aglibol because he is a Luciferan. She
is creating divisions where she needs to be forging
alliances, though she does not see this.

Image: Muriel Washington was short, black and
indomitable. Barely five feet tall and weighing less than
ninety pounds, she appears frail but Kishar's healing.
energies lend her body surprising suppleness and strength.
Her brown eyes glint with intelligence, and she no
longer needs glasses to see clearly. Anyone staring into
her eyes now will be startled by youth found there. Her
hair is white and her skin wrinkled, but something
about her bespeaks an iron strength.

Roleplaying Hints: Kishar is a conflicted creature.
She knows she is the wrong person for the job, but her

inflexible morality will not permit her to step aside to
anyone of a lesser rank. She is haunted by the apparent
betrayal of her Jover, and though she fears the truth in.
what he says, she cannot admit, even to herself, that
Lucifer might be wrong.

To those who are loyal to her, Kishar is tender
and loving, but to those who are her enemies, she is
truly a demon.

Nature: Caregiver

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Expression 1, Intuition 4, Leadership 3, Medicine 1,
Religion 2, Stealth 3, Streetwise 3
Backgrounds: Eminence 2, Legacy 3, Pacts 2, Paragon 2
Willpower: 8
Faith: 7
Torment: 7
Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Awakenings
Lore: Awakenings 3, Firmament 2, Humanity 3

JASONKIM CV RITRAN)

With loving care, Vritran watched the first humans
marvel at the wonders of the Garden, but his heart stung
that the two did not seem to understand the truest depths
of what they were witnessing. He longed to reveal himself
to them and demonstrate in detail the gifts surrounding
them, but the Almighty had forbidden such interaction,
so Vritran contented himself with just being close to
what he considered to be his most beloved creations.

Then Ahrimal spoke of his vision of disaster. At
‘once, Vritran knew he must act. It would be worse to do
nothing, he thought, and watch disaster than to inad-
yertently cause disaster by acting through love. After
all, he thought, nothing evil could truly spring from
pure love. It was a decision that would haunt him for
aeons to come.

Vritran joined the rebellion, and enraged as he was
by the harshness of the Almighty's punishment, he
could not bring himself to fight his former brethren,
instéad hecomingascout in service to the Silver Legion.
In this capacity Vritran quickly distinguished himsel
He moved with the winds, bringing hope to tho
soldiers of Lucifer he came across and accurate informa-
tion about the troops of the enemy.

As the war grew more and more horrific Vritran
found himself questioning the propriety of the war.
Could he have been wrong? No, he concluded, he'd
followed the Morningstar, and the First Rebel would
ensure that all would be well. His hopes were finally
dashed when the Great Experiment fell prey to the
corruption of the nephilim. In the time that followed,
Vritran wandered aimlessly, dispirited and almost dead.


In the end, eternal exile from the ruins of Eden seemed.
almost a blessing rather than a curse.

In the timeless eternity of the Abyss, many won-
dered why Lucifer was not among their number or why
his Archdukes had disappeared, but Vritran did not
care. He knew Lucifer had acted correctly and would
continue to do so, and he knew that the true blame for
these outrages lay at the feet of Ahrimal, the Fiend who
had forseen the disaster but interpreted it so tragically.

As the factions grew more vocal and polarized, Vritran
declared for the Luciferans and raged against the Crypties,
who dared to pretend that Ahrimal hadbehaved innocently
and suggested that it was Lucifer's motives that were suspect.

When the walls of the Abyss cracked, Vritran
charged them and flung himself back into the mortal
world where he found Robin Jang. The Korean
shopowner was being robbed and beaten for the third
time by some neighborhood gangbangers. As his soul
slipped from his battered body, Vritran assumed con-
trol, and the gentle Scourge who, in all. the years of the
war, had never taken a single life, ripped the attackers
into pieces. When a young woman who'd been hiding:
in the back tried to make a break for freedom the demon
set upon her as well, lost in the frenzy of bloodletting.

Finally the red haze cleared and Vritran stood amid
the remains of six human bodies. Jang's hatred for his
attackers had put the seal on Vritran's madness. Where
other fallen found themselves experiencing the gentler
emotions of humanity, Vritran was stained with the
worst. The maddened Scourge set fire to the store and
slipped away. Jang's family believes that he died during
the robbery, and in a sense they are right.

With only the money from the liquor store's till,
Vritran would nothave survived long before committing

Cirry oF ANGELS

mote'crimes, but he was found by Chenrezig and con-
tacted by Spentu Mainyu. The clever Devil knew of
Vritran and tailored his pitch appropriately. He let
Vritran rail against the Almighty and humanity for
hours. Then Spenta Mainyu made a small suggestion.

Why nothamess the power, the faith, of these wayward
humans? Surely that is what Lucifer had been attempting
during the Age of Babel, and if thatis what the Momingstar
wanted, was it not Vritran's duty to see that mission com-
pleted? If Vrietan was willing to use his lore as Spentu
Mainyu directed him, then the Devil could assure him that
their plan would succeed. That is how the Faustian, posing
as a Luciferan, recruited a Scourge into his service.

Spentu Mainyu had established some inroads into
the television networks by this time, but the demands of
running the city were hindering him from actively pursu-
ing his goals. So he placed Vritran in charge of his pet
project, knowing that the Scourge's lore would be more
attractive to the health-obsessed studio executives, and
Vritran has proved surprisingly effective in his role.

The problem is that Vritran loves humanity. Not
the people who live on the earth now, but an idealized
version of people who walked in Eden. The people
walking the earth now are a grotesque parody of true
man, an abomination like the nephilim, and as such
they deserve to be destroyed — once they have been
bled of their faith. Vritran may have declared for the
Luciferans, but his philosophy is more that ofa Ravener.

When Anat was establishing her Blood Court, she
was initially resistant to appointing the Ministry of
Dust, but once her eyes were opened to the possibilities
formayhem and Faith that mankind offered, she quickly
adopted Spentu Mainyu's suggestion to offer the posi-
tion of senior minister to Vritran.

Image: Robin Jang is a handsome young man in his
twenties, lean and fit from years of sports and hard work
at the family store. His hands and upper chest bear
numerous scars from the three robberies he was victim of.

In bearing, Vritran is alternately loud and over-
bearing or shy and retiring. He has a slight accent that
most people do not notice at first. He tends to speak in
hushed tones, as though sharing some great secret, even
when he is merely making conversation.

Roleplaying Hints: Vritran trusts nobody but
Spentu Mainyu, andso talks with very few. However, he
is becoming fond of Anat. Vritran in his own lair or in
an intimate setting leans in close to talk and tends to
whisper, but in public he is loud and boisterous, telling
bawdy jokes and shaking hands or kissing cheeks.

His family thinks Robin Jang is dead. This has not yet
beenaproblem for Vritran because he keeps himself well out
of the spotlight, but ifhis family or an old friend should ever
catch sight of him, life would become very challenging.


Civerer THREE

Nature: Fanatic

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Com-
puter 2, Dodge 3, Drive 2, Firearms 2,Law 1, Medicine 1,
Melee 2, Streetwise 2, Stealth 1

Backgrounds: Legacy 2, Pacts 1, Paragon 1, Resources |

Willpower: 8

Faith: 8

Torment: 7

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Winds

Lore: Winds 3, Awakenings 2, Fundament 2,
Humanity 1

Minor PLAYERS

Bop Jounson IRusn'BAL)

Bob Johnson hired an au pair from Ireland to look
after his two children while he and his wife worked, but
Johnson was a tyrant of an employer who enjoyed
taking out the stresses of his job on the young girl living
under his roof. One night after Johnson became drunk
and made several abusive comments about the au pair's
shyness and weight problems, the girl tried to take her
own life with an overdose of sleeping pills.

Irush'bal felt a sympathy for this terrible loneliness
and possessed the comatose girl. Once filled with her
memories, Irush'bal became outraged at Johnson's care-
less cruelty, but at the same time Irush'bal coveted
Johnson's wealth and influence. Deciding to kill two
birds with one stone, Irush'bal poisoned Mr. Johnson's
Scotch and waited. When the odious employer drank
the poisoned liquor, Irush'bal changed bodies and dis-
posed of the girl's body.

Ironically it was the wife who reported the girl
missing and sent the police in action. The investigation
has turned up nothing so far, but Mr. Johnson remains
the prime suspect in foul play. In the mean time Mr,
Johnson continues to run his by-appointment-only,
book store which specializes in ancient manuscripts.

By nature Irush'bal is a Cryptic, rare for the nor-
mally conservative or compassionate Scourges, but not
completely surprising in Irush'bal's case. During the war
Irush'bal was a potent healer working for the Ebon
Legion, and his primary duty was researching new ways
of restoring health on a massive scale, which meant
more contemplation and philosophizing than was nor-
mal for the Second House.

Currently Irush'bal is working for Chenrezig by
searching for remnants of any lost knowledge from the
ages before the imprisonment, or portions thereof. He
has also been brought to the attention of Al-Lat, and

though not yet recruited into the Cryptic plan to
establish control of Los Angeles, he is aware of more of
these plans than the average fallen.

Willpower: 8

Faith: 6

Torment: 8

Apoealyptic Form: The Visage of Awakenings

Lore: Awakenings 2, Firmament 1, Winds 1

ISAIAH LINCOLNCKSHITIGARBHA)

Jsaiah Lincoln was an enormous man. Standing
close to 68" and weighing more than three hundred
fifty pounds, Isaiah was a true gentle giant. In many ways
he was afraid of the normal-sized people around him
because they seemed so fragile, like an adult playing
with little children might be. As a bouncer he rarely
feeded to use physical force to get people to comply
with his orders. A stern glare and an ominous silence
was usually sufficient to encourage all but the most
truculent trouble-maker take his grievance elsewhere.

In high school Isaiah demonstrated great promise as
a football player, and was widely respected and loved for
his prowess. During his junior year universities were
already approaching him with offers to join their team,
and life could not have been better for the enormous
youth from South Central. Then he ruptured two discs in
his lower back during a game, and just like that his sports
career was over. The pain of the injury and the despair of
being abandoned by those he had thought were his
friends led to Isaiah becoming addicted to painkillers.

This habit followed him into his adult years, even
as a bouncer. Floating in the haze of a drug-induced
euphoria, Isaiah's soul became unbound from his body,
and Kshitigarbha took his place. After years of madness,
his Scourge found himself feeling compassion for this
oul whose only mistake was trying too hard to do what
others wanted of him. Kshitigarbha isa classic example
of how the gentler aspects of humanity can soften the
hatred that the Abyss has ground into the fallen.

Where he had once been a Luciferan, Kshitigarbha
now found himself thinking along the lines of Vohu
Mano as Reconciler. Indeed Isaiah now works for the
Ministeyof Dust for the infernal court of Los Angeles as
a lieutenant to Vohu Mano, and on more than one
occasion the enormous black man has saved the life of
his Commander from one of Aglibol's assaults. As a
result, Kshitigarbha has recently become the primary
target of Aglibol's attacks.

Willpower: 5

Faith: 7

Torment: 5

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Awakenings

Lore: Awakenings 3, Wind 2, Fundament 3

=t

Anprew Lau INZIBAEL)

Andrew Lau's family has lived in America since just
before the turn of the twentieth century, and as such
Andrew grew up thoroughly westernized. A man trapped
between two worlds and a part of neither, he found his
only relief in the skies, and acquired his pilot's license
before he could drive a car. Every spare moment he
spent high above the troubles of the world. Andrew
looked into joining the Air Force but ironically was too
tall to become a fighter pilot.

One nightashe was driving home from work onawet
freeway Andrew lost control of his carand collided with
a concrete embankment. He did not die but suffered
severe brain damage. It was in that state which Inzibael
found him. The catatonic state of his host allowed the
Scourge time to slowly adapt to and understand the way
the world has changed during his imprisonment,

When he did come back to life Inzibael resumed the
proprietorship of the White Tiger Curio shop much to
the delight of his family who thanked Buddha and
burned incense that their eldest son was restored to
them. They had no idea how profoundly Andrew had
changed. Inzibael also renewed Andrew's pilot's license
and spends as much time as he can back in his native air.

A great shock awaited Inzibael when he first entered
the White Tiger, for in the back room something reso-
nated powerfully with Celestial energy. Deep in the back
room the Scourge found a sword that was an ancient
family heirloom. He has notyet worked up the couragelm
unsheath the weapon, a Chinese broadsword, becauss
the family legend speaks of horrors accompanying the
freeing of the blade, so Inzibael has hidden the sword
while he attempts to discern its true function.

Politically, Inzibael is undecided and broadly
courted. He is leaning towards the Reconcilers because

Ciry oF ANGELS

of the extreme love he feels for his family. The love, he
finds himself reasoning, must be reminiscent of the holy
love once shared between the Almighty, his angels and
mankind, but the rabid determination of Vohu Mano
keeps Inzibael from committing wholeheartedly. If he
does not choose to join the Reconcilers, he will almost
certainly follow his Baroness and become a Luciferan.
The image of Lucifer in the sky over Los Angeles almost
convinced him to resume his old loyalties, but in the
wake of the Morningstar's second disappearance the
demon's doubts returned full force

Willpower: 6

Faith: 5

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Winds

Lore: Winds 3, Fundament 3, Humanity 1

BirPiLacers

Prieprich Mace (Rrsnepn)

Resheph was once'a shepherd of enlightenment
when it came to the human herd, protecting them every
step of the way from dangerous elements of the unkempt
world, but when humans learned to murder each other,
ifwas\todimuch and Resheph quickly grew into a
Ravener disdainful of mortals. Now he resides in the
body of Friedrich Mace, a documentary film-maker
with perverse tastes who suffered brain damage in a
botched act of auto-erotic asphyxiation. Resheph, in
Mace, delights in the technology of film and believes
that humans these days are far more vulnerable and
weak than their ancient forbears. Resheph combines
these two elements and has begun an elusive career as
a snuff filmmaker, capturing torture and murder on film
with an "Artistic Eye." This has brought him to the
attention of the Lord of Murder, who in turn captured
Resheph's attention by calling out syllables of the
Scourge's True Name. For all his Torment and his cruel
peccadilloes, Resheph is a needy fallen, and prefers not
to exist alone. Since he loathes humanity so deeply, he
tends to associate with (read: "cling to") newer fallen
just so he doesn't have to be alone. If he can bring any
demons into his brutal schemes, he will

Brick Howr Snaosna)

Brick didn't have much going for him. Slacker,
stoner, surfer, but by the age of 25, he was broke,
addicted, and totally lost. Salvation came, oddly
enough, when he drowned after being sucked into the
ocean by a cruel undertow, and his body was left
vacant for Sraosha, a Scourge who was called to Brick's
flesh with the memory of a wasted life. Sraosha is
rather vocal about humanity's graces as well as the
demon's foolishness, and makes a habit of frequenting
homeless shelters, drug clinics and other epicenters of


the "down-and-out." There he espouses theories of love
and healing and also tells tales of the dawn of Time as
much as he can remember it. Unfortunately@fielesomes
thing of a lunatic legend among charity/@igem sodas
attracted attention from both courts (as well as demon-
hunters) due to his strident mission to aid and inform
LA's helpless. Those who know Briéksay that his good
luck in avoiding trouble will wear thin sooner than
later, but so far this hasn't proven particularly true.

JUAN ALEJANDRO (DUABHAN)

One of Dyabhan's key mortal memories from the
body of Juan Alejandro was saving his thirteen-year-old
brother, Jorge, from a hail of bullets fired by a Green-
Lighter gang member —as Juan lingered atdeath's door
in a hospital bed, Dyabhan took hold, and the honor
and power intrinsic in saving his little brotherstaved off
the demon's Abyssal Torment. Now Dyabhan seeks to
reclaim as much of that as possible by acting as a
Guardian Angel against those fallen (Raveners and
Faustians, mostly) who seek to harm young and inno-
cent mortals. He also believes that the fallen are in
control of many of the Hispanic gangs (including the
Surenos and the Green-Lighters), and will brashly
stand in the way of any demon who attempts to subvert
or enthrall a child or adolescent via these gangs. The
irony is, Dyabhan's one and only thrall is Juan's little
brother, Jorge — he feels that he can trust himself, and
the only way to protect the teenager is by granting the
boy the favors-that thralldom allows. In the bargain,
Dyabhan has access to all the Faith supplied froma little
brother to his big.

Naapina Awan (Beer-Inp

Bornin Syria, raised in Turkey, Naadira was brought
to America (Pittsburgh) in her early teens to study "in
freedom." She was a lonely child, excelled in school,
and her family suffered constant racial rebukes due to
the pervasive prejudice towards those of Middle Eastern
descent. She attended school at UCLA, and gained a
degree in biochemistry — and on the eveningafter her
graduation, she was raped and beaten by a gang of
Harvesters in what was termed "a racial incident" by the
news media. The demon Belet-Iri, a private and reclu-
sive Cryptic, entered the flesh and was delighted to
discover a new wealth of knowledge cultivated, by
humankind over the centuries — science. She used
Naadira's science background to research the biochemi#
cal and genetic structures of DNA (specifically human)
to find the secret history of man (and why the angels
were punished) hidden within this coded organic scrip-
ture, Naadira finds humans fascinating, and spends as
much time among them as possible, experiencing their
ways. She avoids other fallen as much as possible,
though is being constantly monitored by other Cryptics.

Jewe. Dana-mu(KumMino)

Heroin. killed Jewel's boyfriend, a Korean
gangbanger called Ken Fong, and one year later, it left
herspentin mind and body. When Kumiho —ademon
who suffered imprisonment before the Abyss in the
prison city of Sagun — entered Jewel's body, she recog-
nized the distance the girl had created between her and
her family, and now seeks to repair all rifts between her
and Jewel's loved ones. She also reaches out to any new
fallen who enter the city, offering assistance and infor-
mation while encouraging them to embrace the lives of
their mortal hosts and fix whatever was broken. Only
through this act, she claims, can humanity be once
again elevated to the perfect creatures they should've
been all along. However, Kumiho has been having
nightmares that have been distracting her lately —her
dreams tell her of a Devil called Semyazha who is
coming to the Valley of Many Smokes with a jury" who
will determine the fate of the world. Kumiho doesn't
recognize the name, but she knows that every dream
inches her Torment ever greater. She has yet to men-
tion this to any other fallen, but she is likely to soon.

"Domiso" (Aka MANAH)

‘Alla Manah spreads his one true love amongst the
debauched denizens of Los Angeles — sexually-transmit-
ted diseases. Aka Manah loves humans — loves the way
they walk; loves the way they move, and loves the way
they suffer and die under diseases of lust and love. This
high-Torment being found the body of a boyish male
prostitute known on the street as "Domino," and now
relishes in the indulgences of flesh (and all the sickness
that can come with them). Domino has been courted by
thralls of the Lord of Murder, but oddly enough doesn't
feel that what he does is precisely "murder" and has so far
been avoiding making any deals with the Earthbound
servants. Recently, Aka Manah has actually collected a
small cult of ex-prostitutes (all infected by various sexual
afflictions) to live with him in his garage apartment in
Torrence. Their Faith is what feeds him as he extends
their lives, but also their suffering.

ALICE CARTWELL JINUNSHA)

Alice died peacefully in her sleep, and that memory
is one of the key mortal recollections that soothes
Jinunsha's tormented mind. The nature of peacefully
dying revisits the demon whenever things seem strange,
or out-of-control, and it has caused this Scourge to
adopt a new undertaking — "Angel of Mercy" killings.
Alice was once a nurse at several regional hospitals, and
Jinunsha used the human's connections within the
medical community to obtain a job at a local elderly
care nursing home, where the demon is able to pursue
the delight of delivering a peaceful death unto those
who suffer. More than that, however, Jinunsha takes a


60

rather protective role over the elderly under her care,
and guards them from abuses from the medical staff and
aids them in circumventing health care financial issues.
Jinunsha studies many Eastern philosophies (recently
she has begun reading Analects of Confucious). Alice
was also afflicted by polio as a child, and as such has one
leg that is significantly shorter than the other.

M.MiciacciHannineronill(TzapikNistan)
The Scourge Tzadik Nistar felt that, by taking their
teachers away from them, the Creator was really pun-
ishing humankind as much as he was punishing the
angels. Putting the rebels in the Abyss was akin to
stealing the very spark of life from the mortal souls that
populated the world, and Tzadik's time in the Abyss was
a tortuous experience as he felt the unguided humans go
further down paths of depredation, disease, and destruc-
tion. He wept and went mad, not even realizing that he
had escaped until he was already into the sorrow-filled
body of M. Michael Harrington III, a rich Daddy's boy
who lost his father, his sister, and himself to various
cancers. Suddenly his Torment was tempered, and
Teadik-as-Harrington began sitting with cancer pa-
tients, mentally drawing conclusions between the nature
of cancer (rebel cells) and the nature of the fallen (rebel
angels). He feels that the Rebellion was, while perhaps
necessary, a grossly misguided event and now believes
that the fallen owe humans severe reparations. Unfor-
tunately, his Torment occasionally lashes out and he
unknowingly spreads cancer to‘unwitting victims.

WaLeracrors

Xuvoduen(At-Lar)

Like so»many Malefactors, Al-Lat was drawn to
Lucifer's side not for philosophical reasons but byaneed
to help humankind understand the wonders presented
them. She wanted toexplain how to use the marvelous
tools she and her sisters had created. She wanted hu
mans to love and understand her, notfear her. Eager to
be freed of the restrictions placed'on her by the Al-
mighty, Al-Lat joined Lucifer without hesitation.

The first day was all she hoped it would be. Hutman-
ity'marveled at the creations'of the Third House and
adapted'quickly to the Malefactors' gifts. At last, the
Malefactors felt truly appreciated. Then came the pun-
ishments from Heayen. Al-Lat could not believe that
the Almighty could be so cruel. Her few moments of joy
in the wake of the fall were cruelly swept away.

Intheagesthatfollowed Al-Lat found the passion that.
had moved her to join the rebel cause waning. She'felt the
horror of Caine's crime. She witnessed the atrocities that
would become commonplace among her fellow angels.
The final heartbreak was the failure of the-Age of Babel.

City oF ANGE!

Disillusioned before being cast intoythe Abyss, Al-Lat
desperately wanted to understand how everything wentso
wrong. She soon found a home with the Crypti

Gripontel; who helped run the faction, became an
especially, fast friend. The two tried to prop up each
other's sanity during the endless monotony of the
Abyss. Al-Lat escaped the Abyss before her friend but
knew Gripontel would soon be following.

Returning to the mortalworld, Al-Lat felt an at-
traction to Xiao Yuen, a young woman of Chinese
descent who had been sold into,virtual slavery by her
parents in return for herescape from China. Cast into
a foreign world with a foreign tongue and foreign
customs, Xiao had only her husband as a connection,
but he did not speak Mandarin, only Cantonese. Her
isolation was.total. Xiao's husband was a social misfit
who abused his bride physically and sexually, and Xiao
hadnomeans for escape except suicide. So Xiao drank
a bottle of rat poison and closed her eyes, ready to die.

Al-Lat opened them. The shock of what the world
had become dazzled her, and in this state of bewilder-
ment Xiao's husband came to sate his nightly lust.
Al-Lat revealed herself to him and did not stop tearing
at the body until it was no longer recognizable as
human. Then she spent several days watching the
television trying to acclimate herself and learn a little
English before setting off in search of Gripontel.

Tt took her a month to find him, but eventually she
did, joining Gripontel in the city of Atlanta. The
Gfyptics were working hard to control all cities who
served as major transport hubs, like Atlanta, New York,
Chicago and Dallas. The leaders wanted to form an
expedition to Los Angeles, and Al-Lat's timely arrival
made her a logical choice.


CHAPTER THREE

Placed in charge of Lady Nasu and Lord Chenrezig,
Al-Lat was sent to the City of Angels. Shortly after her
arrival she discovered Fell Knight Guanli and recruited
him into the expedition. Sizing up the situation, Al-Lat
decided to help Spentu Mainyu establish his infernal
court, but knew she needed to keep a careful eye on the
crafty Devil, so she ordered Chenrezig to accept the
senior position in the court's Ministry of Eagles.

Carefully, Al-Lat scouted the Tri-County Area,
developing an encyclopedic knowledge of the area and
itsinhabitants. Two pieces of information soon troubled
her. One was the arrival of Baal's lover, Anat, but she
managed to deal with that, via Spentu Mainyu, by
having Nasu appointed to the head of the Blood Court's
Eagle Ministry. More disturbing was the knowledge
that Lucifer himself walked the streets of Los Angeles.
There.was no hint of why he was there, only the certain
knowledge that he was'present.

AlL-Latsent that information back to Gripontel,
and without waiting for orders she set about trying to
learn more of the Morningstar's activities, both present
and past. Gripontel's,response was all she might have
expected. Yet as time\passed Al-Lat could discover
nothing. Lucifer was hiding his tracks too well.

Studying the storm she saw loomingon the horizon,
Al-Lat decided that to take control of a city about to
explode was foolish, and she adopted a plan much like
Spentu Mainyu's & wait and let someone else endure
the indignity of losing control of the city, When Devil's
Night, erupted Al-Lat felt justified in her choice.

Image: Al-Lat possesses the body of a seventeen
year old Chinese girl. Shevisyslender and short, with
delicate features and long, waist-lengthiblack hair. Her
English is broken and heavily accented, but she can read
and write the language with greater fluency. Thedemon
is uncomfortable in large crowds, preferring solitude to
the worrisome press of human companionship.

Roleplaying Hints: Knowledge is paramount*to
Al-Lat. She wants to understand why and where the
Rebellion went wrong. She wants to understand what
has happened to the world. She wants to understand,
English. She wants to understand what the Almighty
meant by setting all these actions in motion. The
pursuit of these questions occupies Al-Lat's every wak-
ing moment. It also is her blind spot because she does
not understand that some fallen not only do not want to
understand why, they resent her attempts to find out.

Nature: Architect

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Staminia 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Percép-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 2, Athletics 2,
Awareness 1, Crafts 2, Dodge 3, Etiquette 1, Expression 2,
Intuition 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Backgrounds: Pacts 2, Paragon 3, Legacy 4
Willpower: 7

Faith: 8
Tormen
Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Forge
Lore: Forge 3, Earth 2, Paths 1

JEREMIAH AZEVEDO(GUANLD

Like so many other Malefactors Guanli served the
Dark Host by constructing weapons, and his unusual
talent for manipulating his lore caused Guanli, who had
never seen a battle first hand to be elevated to the rank
of Fell Knight. Many of the finest weapons wielded by
the Lucifer's Archdukes and Dukes were constructed by
Guanli in the forges beneath Taba'et.

It may be that the famed smith joined Lucifer's side
solely for the opportunity to create new weapons and
experiment with new ways of infusing matter with Faith.
As a member of the Silver Legion posted to Taba'et,
Guanli's penchant for clinical, heartless experimentation
was one of the prime reasons that watchtower became
synonymous with cruelty and horror. Many of the abomi-
nations that emerged from that dreadful citadel sprang first
from,Guanli's mind and bore the mark of his hands.

Because he spent his time in his laboratories under-
neath ‘Taba'et interacting with none but his victims,
none ofthe fallen fully appreciated the depths of mad-
ness to which Guanli had fallen. When he did exit his
laboratory and communicate with the outside world,
his calm, slow speech Was so convincing that all failed
to associate this rational, even brilliant Malefactor with
the monstrosities that were born from his skills, and his
weapons were still heavily sought after.

Guanli joined a cause he believed was right, andlfor
this the Almighty leveled a terrible cufsesupon him
(Guanli tends to see every action as a personal slight
against himself and overlooks the bigger picture). The
Guanli obeyed the orders of Lucifer to create weapons for
the Dark Host} and as a reward his workshops were
destfeyed by the Crimson and Iron Legions. When he
emerged from the Abyss, Guanli wagipowerfully offended
that humankind had forgottemhis numerous sacrifices.

Sergeant Jeremiah Azevedo, who worked for the
LAPD as weapons trainer) had testified against! his
fellow officers ina ease of police corruption, But the case
was thrown out due tothe political maneuvering of the
Chief of Police: This left Sargent Azevedoas an outcast
who had violated the Code of Silencéthat pérvadédithe
LAPD. He could not be legally firedj,but his fellow
officers so ostracized him that he finally sankinto a self-
destructive cycle of alcohol and painkilléts, to spare
himself che pain of isolation'

This body of loneliness and resentment caught
Guanli'satténtion as he fought the pull of the Abyss.

61

The isolation Azevedo had been experiencing
Guanli's acclimatization into this unfamiliar mortal
world. During this period, he was approached by Al-Lat
and recruited into a Cryptic expedition to Los Angeles.
Guanli joined to increase his understanding of this new
world and how the fallen could interact with it, but
tensions with Al-Lat quickly emerged
AlL-Lat wanted Guanli to joinythe newly-formed
infernal court as head of the Ministry of Lions, but
Guanli wanted to spend his time figuring out new ways
of harvesting Faith and manipulating the new materials
like steel, concrete and silicon. To seryé as head of a
Ministry would use up valuable time that Guanli wanted
to,aise for other purposes, However, Al-Lat was ada-
mant, so Guanli became Lord General of the Ministry
of the Lion for the Infernal Court of Los Angeles.
Galled by this high-handed treatment, Guanli be-
came the perfect convert for Manishtusuywho learned
of his dissatisfaction through Lady Nasu, and the Lord
of Murder was quick to capitalize on/the opportunity.
Guanli traveled into the Nickerson Garden Projects to
meet.with the Earthbound» The unhappy Malefactor
did opt to align himself with the Earthbound, but. of
mote significance is the ac¢idental meeting that fol-
lowedwA§ Guanli was leaving, he encountered Ravana.
The two fell to talking, and Guanli shared with her his
frustration over his inability to experiment properly and
lackof materials, and Ravana told him about her experi-
ments with killing fallen hosts and absorbing their power.
The idea excited Guanli who had never considered such,
ashortcut toincreasing his stock of knowledge and power.
Without delay, the twoswiing into action search-
ing for newly arrived fallen. They would then ambush
newootners afd working together absorbed their

City oF ANGELS

essence and lore. By the time Lucifer revealed him-
If during the riots, the pair had killed and no less
than absorbed eight fallen.

Because both were Lord Generals of their respec-
tive courts, they found their workload greatly reduced.
The two fed each other information concerning the
other's court activities and staged raids on each other
that looked good to their respective leaders but inflicted
little actual damage. As these months of close interac-
tion progressed the two fallen became lovers.

In the chaos of Devil's Night the two demons went
wild, killing nine humans and destroying the host
bodies of two more fallen. This frenzy (and their spiral-
ing Torment) has left them hungry for more. As the city
slowly returns to a semblance of sanity following the
Devil's Night riots, both demons struggle to contain
their lust for violence and maintain: their charade of
rivalry, but the more timespasses the harder their appe-
tites are to control,

Image: Ayefage in height, stockyand in perfect
physical condition, Azevedo was an ideal instructor for
the physically intensé training that the LAPD subject
their cadets to. Portuguese by descent, Azevedo speaks
Portuguese, Spanish and English fluently.

Roleplaying Hints: Guanli is selfish, but subtly so.
He talks calmly and rationally, careful to make eye
contact, and is skilled at recognizing when he is making
people uncomfortable. Whenever he sees the telltale
signs of this discomfort, Guanliwill change whateverhe
is saying to put whomever he is talking to at ease, or to
mitigate the damage done by his words. Mainly though,
the Malefactor tries'to speak as little as possible.

His biggest flaw is his inability to distance himself.
Every comment he hears he assumes is actually a com-
mentabout himself, and as such almost anyone who talks
around Guanli inadvertently offends the quiet weapon
smith. The biggest part of his love for Ravana is having
found someone with whom he can talk openly and have
no fear of judgement or offending. Their love is not a
healthy one, and will probably end badly, especially once
their quiet collusion is revealed to their respective lords

Nature: Architect

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Computer 1, Crafts 3,
Dodge 3, Firearms 2, Intimidation 3, Intuition 1, Investiga-
tion3, Law 2, Medicine 1, Melee 3, Politics 1, Research 3,
Subterfuge 3, Stealth 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Legacy 3, Paragon 2,
Eminence 3

Willpower: 9

Faith: 10


Cavprer THREE

Torment: 9

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Forge

Lore: Forge 5, Earth 4, Paths 4, Flame 2, Funda-
ment 3, Humanity 2

MINOR PLAYERS

Manuc Garcia HANUMAN)

Manuel Garcia worked for years as a glassblower.
He made enough to barely support his family but not
enough to keep his mistresses. In the end he chose to
take his skill on the road, so that he could enjoy an
endless procession of lovers. While he is not especially
charming, Garcia relied on the beauty of his craft to
enchant women, and made gifts of his beautiful glass
roses to women who caught his eye. He enjoyed more
success than one would expect

One of the womeihe took to bed infected him with
AIDS, and the harshness of lifeson the road meant he
soon succumbed toanasty dose of influenza. He could not
afford to see a doetor, so his condition was never diag-
nosed. Hanuman fotind Garcia élinging to life in a dingy,
hotel room and seized his weakenedybody for his own.

Rather than deal with the confusion, of life ‘on the
road, Hanuman decided to set up shop in the El Mereado
Market, where he is doing a booming business. The talent
Hanuman shows for the glassblowing is making himyery
well known locally, and people will come from all over
the Tri-County Aréa.to see and purchase his creations.
Yet this fame has a negative aspect that Hanuman is not
yet aware of: Garcia never knew he had AIDS. Evenifhe
had known, there isno éttidence to suggesthe wouldhave
changed his behavior —and before he died he slept with
anumber of women, spreading the disease. "There might
be some bitter women who wish to reyenge themselves
on the man who has effectively killed them:

Hanuman can see the potential in humanity's Faith.
Like Spentu Mainyu he would like to hafnessiitybut-his
plans are not as elaborate or even thought out yet. Still
Hanuman has declared for the Faustians yet quietly. In
the Court, Hanuman works for Vohu Mano in the Mortal.
Ministry constructing tools for the Reconciler that help
keep the Court informed of humanity's activities.

Willpower: 6

Faith: 5

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Earth

Lore: Earth 2, Forge 2, Paths 1

Narnanie. Mipaiao(Episa)

Nathaniel Hildalgo spent his life organizing things.
Inschool clubs he was always the secretary. At home he
always obeyed a carefully constructed plan, just like his
parent's did. His clothes and grooming were always

impeccable. Yet some part of his mind longed for the
artistic, to be wild and emotional. This conflict led him
into the career as a curator, until he was in charge of
several smaller galleries around Pasadena, including the
one located in the Huntington Library.

In his capacity Nathaniel excelled. His galleries
were always neat and clearly labeled, much like the rest
of his life. Yet in this immaculate, almost sterile, life
there was no passion. Nathaniel was alone, and ill-
equipped for meeting new people. Eventually in
desperation he tried a dating service, but his luck proved
bad. The woman the service suggested for him was acon
artist and already married. Her modus operandi was to
meet her target at a bar, seduce him back to a room
where her husband was waiting and at an opportune
moment the husband would spring out. In the following
confusion the mark would be taken for everything he
had on him, but Nathaniel did not give in like many
shocked and lonely men did — instead, the quiet,
orderly man tried to fight back. This enraged the hus-
band, who beat Nathaniel nearly to death, but as the
couple stood there arguing over what the man had done,
Ebisu took possession of Nathaniel's body. The sight of
Nathaniel's bloody form rising to its feet sent the pair
screaming into the night.

Through his host's job with the Huntington Li-
brary, Ebisu quickly crossed paths with Aglibol and was
quickly appointedyas a deputy minister of the Eagle
Ministry.\ Since that.time he has used Nathaniel's
seniority to hire on two'more fallen to the library staff
and is busily searching for several more to solidify his
control further.

With three fallen running the place, Hufitington
Libtary has become something of a sanctuary for the
demons of the city. Aglibol, especially, usésthe place as
a staging area for his attacks on Vohu Mano's West
Hollywood holdings. Ebisuis, like his Lord, Luciferan in
speech but Ravener in his behavior:

Willpower: 7

Faith: 6

Torment: 5

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Paths

Lore: Paths 2, Earth.2, Humanity 2

Nasi ALHomANuCHAzz)

Nash Alhomany was a chemistry major studying at
UCLA and originally from Jordan. His whole life cen-
tered aroundhisscholastic pursuits. Every sparemoment
was spent in the lab or in his smalljapartment. He
worked in the lab of a one-hour eyeglass store.

He died hunched over the microscope in that labat
the back of the storeshen/a lunatic walked into the
mall where his store was located and opened fire at
random withan alitomatic rifle. Nash héver eyefiknew

63

64

he was dying. At that moment Hazzi was searching for
a host, and found himself attracted to a man who was
performing a highly detailed task.

Like many fallen, Hazzi at first made little attempt
to stay within the confines of his mortal life. His fitst
action upon possessing the body was to leave the store,
During the war he had crafted a forge which could heat
itself to any temperature and a token that could always
locate the forge in the event it was captured or stolen.
Hazzi's first thoughts were to fegain his most precious
possessions. After considerable effort Hazzi located the
token amid the dust of the Olduyai gorge, and was en
route tollocating the forge when a pickpocket stole the
token during a long layover at Los Angeles Intefna-
tional Airport.

He has managed to track the thief to Pasadena, but
lost the scent atthe monthly flea market held in the
parking lot of the Rose Bowl. So every month he returns
there to resiime the hunt. Until then he works for, his
fellow Faustian Spentu Mainyu by helping Vritran in
the Ministry of Dust for the Blood Court of Los Angeles.

Hazzi manufactures'artifacts for Vritran to use in
luring human beings to become his thralls, and while
the Scourge thinks that Hazzi is loyal to the Ministry, in
fact Spentu Mainyu commands Hazzi. The cunning
Devil uses the Malefactor to keep am-eye on Vritran's
activities, and in return Spentu Mainyu helps Hazzi to
look'forhis stolen treasure.

Willpower: 7

Faith: 8

Torment: 5

Apocalyptic Form: Thé Visage of the Forge

Lore: Forge3¥Earth 2, Fundament-2.

Crry or AyGEts

Bir PLagrrs
Barri St JAMES (ZERUBABEL)

Few cab drivers will take fares into or out of South
Central, but Barry St. James is an exception. The
Jamaican native had no fear of the LA streets, and
believed his passengers would give him the same respect
he showed them. He was right 99% of the time — but
the 1% of bad customers included a Eight Trey gangsta
who shot him three times rather than pay a $7.50 fare.
St. James' death allowed the demon Zerubbabel access
to the mortal world — and the Annunaki found this
world of cars and streets very much to his liking.
Zerubbabel's lore makes him the perfect cab driver
— he always knows the best route to the passenger's
destination, and his cab is a faster and smoother ride than
you'd believe possible. This is asmall consolation tosome
of St. James' passengers, though the ones who catch a
cab while drunk, stonéd or otherwise incapacitated.
These mortals are'liable to end up somewhere else —
delivered by,Zerubbabel.to the camp of his master
Enshagkushanna, thereto becometthe vessel ofa demon.

‘Tina CoTRONEOGSIGRIRNOTH)

Ies rare tofinda woman working in the field of special
effects, but Tina Cotroneo has been building her careerfor
more than forty years now. The old-school Cotroneo is a
specialist in mechanical effects like pyrotechnics, squibs
and monster makeup. Tina was always expert at her craft
but demand has been falling"off for several years now,
with directors preferring computer-generated effects.

Things are beginning to change, now that Tina has
been possessed bythe Malefactor Sigiumoth. The
Annunaki hag found the world of special effects enthral-
ling, and Tina's common-sense decency has pulled her
away from the cause of Hell. Sigiurnoth's skills have only
increased thé'€Xcellence of Cotroneo's effects, and she's
finding herself increasingly in demand for both TV and
movie work. She's also beginning to attract thralls, in the
form of stuntmen, effects designers and other film techni-
cians, and hopes to assemble them into an effective force
tofightagainst the power of the Infernal Court. This better
happen soon — it's only a matter of time before the Court
notices the upstart and takes action against her.

INDIRA GUNARATNAM (BEKHORATA)

The demon Bekhorata has only hazy memories now
of the Age of Wrath — her mind is still foggy from the
transition to the mortal world. Still, she feels convinced
thavshe recognizes the Los Angeles landscape — and
that a redoubt of weapons and relics is hidden some-
where under the city, a hiding place she created eons
ago. If only she could remember where it is....

Bekhorata keeps in close contact with the earth of
LA, thanks to her mortal form — she possesses the body


Caerer THREE.

of Indira Gunaratnam, a middle-aged Indian woman
who works as a gardener at Disneyworld. Every day,
Indira works to keep the park beautiful — and feel for
currents in the earth that might lead her to the lost cache.
Bekhorata has inherited her host's love of the park, and
brutally punishes anyone who ‘violates' her sanctum —
suchas muggers, drug dealers, litterbugsand lovers trysting
in secluded groves. Their bodies are buried deep, swal-
lowed by the obedient earth — and Indira sows flowers
over their secret graves, hoping that this is the day she
finally remembers the location of the redoubt.

JENNA Sourrnes (Hab'ADEZUR)

Word is getting out around the Grover Cleveland
high school in East LA — you can get away with
anything in Jenna Squires' remedial math class. Youcan
cut class, sell pot from your desk, anything — if you give
Mrs. Squires her étits That's because Jenna Squires died
ina miigging not so long agoyand now serves as a vessel
for the demon Had'adezur.

While Had'adezur was attracted to'the prospect of
teaching, she found:math toovabstract and human to
hold her interest. Butwhen she realized that:many of
her students were involved in gangs — that caught her
attention. Had'adezur has struck a deal with these kids
—do what you like, and get a C average, as long as you
give Mrs. Squires a percentage of your business: The
students are going for it —and telling their bosses about
their accommodating teacher. That's just what
Had'adezur wants. Why bother with children when you
can attract adult thralls — and why teach remedial
math when you can teach something more practical,
like murder? A cult is slowly accruingaround Room 317
at Grover Cleveland, and any teachers*who suspect
trouble have learned to mind their own business.

Boris Durnanovic(AniTopHe),

Boris Duranovic never cared aboutwhat people did
with the guns he sold — that wasn't his problemalfyou
had the money, he'd sell you a gun, no matter your
record or your ID—and that's how he got busted by the
ATF and lost his license to sell firearms. For a man who.
dealt in guns and death, it's ironic that Duranovic died
from slipping in the shower and cracking his skull —at
least, Ahithophel found it ironic when he possessed
Boris' corpse moments later.

A rare Malefactor member of the Ravener faction,
Ahithophel admires only one thing about human be-
ings — the tools of destruction they've invented in this
modern age. If humans want to buy weapons from\him
—and use them to kill each other — Ahithophehis
happy tooblige. Now Duranovicsellsillegal euns to any!
gangbanger who can pony up the cash. Ahithophel
particularly enjoys it when warting gangs buy weapons
from him — he encourages them to enter an arms race

of bigger, badder guns. And for the ultimate body count,
he might sell you one of the experimental weapons he
keeps under wraps for special occasions.

DAN STEGMAN (MAMATH-ZOBAH)
Hamath-zobah swam into the dying mind of Dan
Stegman, attracted by the mortal's connection to archi-
tectureand building. Thedemon wasbitterly disappointed
torealize that his host was just a working-class bricklayer.
Notonly that, Stegman never actuallydid any work —he
got paid, but never showed up on site! It tooka little time
before Hamath-zobah realized his host was really a Mafia
thug that got kickbacks from the construction company,
payment to the Mafia for an untroubled work site.
Hamath-zobah is still at the bottom of the pecking
order — he's a minor player in the mob and in the
Infernal Court. But he doesn't plan to let things stay
that way for long. The Malefactor has made it known
around the Court that he has mob connections — the
way he colors it, Stegman sits on the right hand of the
Don, and rules the streets of LA. Hamath-zobah hopes
that he can leverage respect and power in the Court,
then use that to gain power in the Mafia. But he's
playing a dangerous game — if the demons of the
Infernal Court realize he's trying to scam them, their
punishment will make the Mafia look like amateurs.

Morner Toxaun(EvKor@uuTi)

Anyone on the,body modification scene will tell
you that Mother Tongue is the best tattoo artist in West
Hollywood, maybe in allof Los Angeles. With a strong
following inthe gay, Goth'and BDSM scenes, Mother
Tongue has a long waiting list — and while she charges
plenty for her work, it's always worth it. If you doubt it,
just look at her — the 400-pound woman is coverediin
her own work, a giant walking billboard for her art.

But since her heart attack and possession by
Evkorquuth, Mother Tongue's work has taken on a new
dimension. Now her tattoos are marks of ownership,
binding you to her will — but in return, the demon.will
give youyourheart's desire. Your tattoo opens your sens'
toa new world of pleasure and pain, agony and ecstasy =
and servitude to Mother Tongue is a small price to'pay.
Evkorquuth smiles to herself as she inscribes glyphs.of
power into the skin of her customers, and waits for them
to return for further... modifications.

JackPercu(Nanrornyan),

Jack Fetch is the hottest new wrestlerin_ the Los
Angeles Wrestling company, with a faefollowing that's
unheard of for an independent promotion. Fans can't get
enoughof the 7' 2" powerhouse, and they love his ‘demon
prince' persona. It makesachange from when he was just
John Rickhart, struggling wrestler and wannabe actor
with a hormoneimbalance. Rickhart hoped thathis size

65

and ugly features could make him a career as a villain in
movies, but Hollywood wasn't interested — and as a
wrestler, his size wasn't enough to attract fans ora decent
paycheck. When Rickhart finally committed suicide,
Nantothijah took possession of his body, attracted by the
wrestler's loneliness and pain.

Nantothijah set about making a legend for himself
as a wrestler — an occupation that appealed to the
Malefactor's warrior nature. Now he's a hot property —
aided by evocations, he can perform astonishing high-
flying moves and enthrall awhole stadium of fans. The
owners of LAW have neverbeen happier, and the major
promotions are paying attention to Jack Fetch. And if
anyone hears the rumors that Fetch's fans are becoming
dangerously fanatical in their worship of the Warlock of
Warfare, no one believes them. Not yet.

FuENDS

Minette CALE (AL

Almost from her inception, Anat loved Baal: When.
that mighty Devil opted to defy the Almighty, Anat
joined him. Every military action in which the Archduke
engaged was carefully planned by Anat; her genius and
his ferocity made for a nearly unstoppable force, and the
pair raged through the Loyalists without mercy. To Anat
these were the golden years, with a cause to believe in, an
enemy to grapple with and her lover always by her side.

While other fallen confused themselves with philoso
phy, debates, or their own personal lusts, Anat remained
focused. She served Baal, and Baal served her. Together
they servedLucifer. It wasall sosimple. The confusion that
blinded the other fallen made no sense to Anat. When
forced into a debate, she would try to explain to the other

City OF ANGELS

side how simple it really was, but no one wanted to listen.
They had their own theories which they clung to with an
obstinance that reminder her of the Almighty and his
unwillingness to listen to the pleas of his angels.

So it continued until the Abyss, and Lucifer's
betrayal. To be defeated and punished both she and
Baal could handle, but to have the Morningstar aban-
don them was a pain neither could bear. At first they
tried to argue that all.was well, that Lucifer was free and
working to save his followers, but time passed. It passed
so slowly. Minutes became years. Time crawled inevita-
bly forward with no hope of change on the horizon.

Try as they might to maintain their ideals, Anat
and Baal found themselves wondering what had be-
come of Lucifer. This doubt gave way to suspicion. Had
the Morningstar betrayed them? Had he led a Rebellion
he knew would fail? It made sense. No creature had been
closer to the Almighty than the Morningstar. Noerea-
ture loved the Creator so purely as Lucifer had. If God
had ordered him to, Lucifer would surely have done
anything. Suspicion became certainty.

Lucifer had betrayed them.

They would endure this eternal hell alone. Thoughts
of what they would do if ever they could lay their hands on
the Betrayer filled the lovers' minds. They passed each
eternal moment devising new and elaborate methods to
torture the Betrayer, and others came to join in their litany
of hate. This was the beginning of the Ravener Faction.

Then Baal and the otherfour Archdukes vanished.
Anat went mad. The fallen fled from her fury as she
raged against the nothingness. The fallen could notdie,
but Anat made their existence worse with her temper.
Her anchor to sanity had been Baal, and withshim gone
heranimosity spiraled out of control: The only informa-
tion that reached her mind,was when she heard that
cracks had appeared inthe walls of the Abyss. Forcing
all out of her way, Anat charged the breach.

Mireille Calvet wasa successful Parisian thief, special-
izing in seducing the gullible rich and then robbing their
mansions. She was beautiful but not overwhelmingly so,
yet she had an air of intrigue and sensuality that captured
the imagination. However her luck ran out one night
when a security guard caught her in the act and shot her.

Mireille's curiosity for the location of the house's safe
and her hatred towards her killercaught Anat's attention
as she streakedlaway from the Abyss. She possessed the
empty shell. It took an hour to ensure that all within the
house werejdead as Anat explored the limits of her new
frame. Then she called out to Baal. And he responded.

Moving quickly, Anat looted the house then went in
search of Baal. She found him in the deserts of Iraq on what
had once been Mount Saphon. Baal's thralls had already
awakened the Earthbound, and Anat was just one more


Ciaprer THREE

sign that it was time to move towards the endgame. Baal
had received word that the Betrayer had been sighted in
Los Angeles. Since Anat was more mobile than Baal, she
was dispatched to investigate because Baal did not trust the
vassal who was already there who had not even been aware
of Lucifer's presence. Anat chose not to contact
Enshagkushanna, the untrustworthy vassal, but rather
went to the City of Angels as a normal fallen to see if she
could gain access to their network of information.

Once in Los Angeles, Anat was approached by Spentu
Mainyu who had been the leader of the city until Kishar had
arrived and demoted him. In many ways Kishar and Anat
were similar. Both were highly skilled thinkers, Kishar as a
battlefield commander and Anat as a strategist, but neither
wasparticularly adeptatpolitical machinations. BothScourge
and Fiend were outclassed by the Devil in their midst.

The Blood Court was Spentu Mainyu's idea. Anat
followed Spentu Mainyu's advice for three of the ministry
posts: the Ministry of Eagles (Nasu), Ministry of Aurochs
(Inana) the Ministry of Dust (Vritran). Before Spentu
Mainyu could recommenda head for the Ministry of Lions
Anat learned, through Enshagkushanna's networks, of the
arrival of the Fell Knight Ravana. Anat temembered
Rayana well andapproachedherwith theposition. Ravana
accepted. With the Blood Court thus completed, Anat
charged them all with one task: locate Lucifer.

Alltried. They searched. They tapped every resource,
butthey could notfind the Betrayer, until thenight Lucifer
manifested high in the sky aboye them. Anat seethed at
the vision that hovered above her, yeteven asshe gathered
her power to attack it, the angel vanished.

Again she charged the Blood Court to locate the
Deceiver, and, again they have proved unsuccesful.
Tensions are mounting as Anat rages against her great
enemy and rails against her Court for having failed her
twice. She swears there will not be a third time.

Image: Blond hair, brown eyes, and immaculately
groomed, Anat is more glamorous than beautiful. Her
voice is husky and thickly accented. Her English is compe-
tent, but difficult to understand if she becomes passionate,
as she does whenever she speaks of the Betrayer.

Roleplaying Hints: Anat's hatred of Lucifer and
her love for Baal have left her entirely blind to the
monster that her lover has become, and her obsession.
with punishing the Betrayer leads her to ever-greater
heights of excess and cruelty. Soon she will be forced to
make good her threats against the ministers of her court,
and when thathappens she will either be forced to draw
upon Baal directly for support or leave herself vulner-
able to accusations of weakness and incompetence.

Nature: Fanatic

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Computer 1, Dodge 2,
Expression 2, Firearms 2, Intimidation 2, Intuition 1,
Politics 2, Research 2, Subterfuge 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Backgrounds:
Resources 2
Willpower: 8
Faith: 7
Torment: 8
Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Light
Lore: Light 3, Patterns 2, Fundament 1

Danie. Gopal (CHENREZIG)

When the world wa young, Chenrezig's dearest
friend was Manishtusu. When the Great Debate raged,
the two enjoyed spending their time arguing either side
of the situation, but in their hearts they both chafed atthe
restriction set on them by the Almighty, so when Lucifer
sent out his call, the two friends quickly answered:

God's punishment struck them both hard, butmore
so Manishtusu. As time passed}; Chenrezig began to
Worry for his friend who seemed to-pass a majority ofhis
timéarguing with himself. One day Manishtusu came to
Chenrezig asking him to explore the possible lines of
the future to see what he saw. Happy to oblige his friend
Chenrezig cast his mind into the future.

Tt came back with a vision of hell. Monoliths of
unnatural stone and glass towered over an enslaved
humanity. The people fought each other, but there was
no sign of God or the fallen..Its name seemed to mock
Chenrezig. This nightmare took place in the City of
Angels ina land of smoke and fire. Horrified, Chenrezig
shared what he had seen with Manishtusu.

Afterwards, Manishtusu became more: secretive
and suspicious. By the time the fallenmwere cast into the

Eminence 2, Pacts 3, Legacy 2,

68

Abyss, Chenrezig could no longer recognize his humor-
loving friend for the snarling savage he had become. In
some ways it was a blessing when Manishtusu vanished
from the Abyss shortly after the Archdukes did, al-
though Chenrezig was slow to recognize thisat the time.

Throughout his confinement questions plagued
Chenrezig. What had happened to his friend? How
could the Almighty suffer these things to happen to his
creation? Was this all a part of the plan? Where did
Lucifer's disappearance fit intoalll of this? By the time he
escaped through the fractures in the walls of the Al
Chenrezig was a confirmed Cryptic.

As his essence sped across the material world,
Chenrezig felt a human soul sympathetic to his own. He
found Daniel Gopal, a biochemist from India who was
visiting Atlanta to tour the Centers for Disease Con-
trol. Although only thirty, Daniel had just suffered a
heart attack as he read through the presentation mate+
rial for the next day. In the ordinary course of things
Daniel might haye survived but Chenrezig did not feel
like waiting, and Daniel's life force was just' weak
enough for Chenrezig to knock free.

Once installed Chenrezig made no effort to resume
Daniel's life. Instead the Fiend went in search of his
fellow fallen, and found a coterie of(Crypties who were
attempting to establish control over the city. The plan
of the Cryptics was to try to have control of primary
travel hubs like Atlanta, Dallas, Chicago and. Los An-
geles. A team was formed and dispatched to LA.

The Lady Al-Lat was designated leader. Chenrezig,
alongwith Fell Knight Guanliand]ady Nasu, wereassigned
to assist Al-Lat. The team arrived as Spentu Mainyu was
establishing the Infernal Court. Al-Lat ordered Chenrezig
and Guanli to accept posts within the Court as heads of the
Eagle and Lion Ministries respectively.

Chenrezig willingly complied and began insinuat-
ing himself into the homeless culture of Los Angeles,
specifically in Santa Monica, Chenrezig had his own
reasons for wanting to come to the City of Angels. He
had not forgotten the prophecy he had shared with
Manishtusu so many millenniaybefore, and he was:
determined to uncover what potential enemy had en-
slaved the people, rendering them so devoid of faith.

Also during that time Chenrezig learned that
Manishtusu was present in the city. Although he should
have expected it, the information surprised Chenrezig.
Currently, when he is not scouring the city for Lucifer,
the demon is preoccupied trying to decide what to do
about his old friend, whose years asan Earthbound have
clearly warped him beyond all recognition.

Image: Chenrezigisa dark-skinned Indian man with
ascraggly beard and wild, unkempt hair. His prominent
nose and almost black eyes give hima predatory air. What
many people fail to notice is that he lacks the unwashed

Crry or ANGELS

aroma of most bums. His many layers of mismatched
clothing conceal how very thin he is.

Roleplaying Hints: Although Chenrezig is now a
transient, Daniel Gopal was a brilliant biochemist and
that knowledge still resides in Chenrezig. More than
one person who has struck up a conversation with
Chenrezig has been startled by how keen and active his
mind is. There is also a missing person's report filed with
the FBI because Daniel Gopal was a citizen of India.

Like so many of the Fallen Chenrezig is conflicted
by personal desire and duty, but he hides it better than
most others. Nobody in the city is yet aware of his old
friendship with Manishtusu, nor what the Lord of
Murder will do when he learns that Chenrezig is here.

In spite of a heavy accent, Chenrezig is easily
understood because he tends to speak slowly and care-
fully. His mode of speech is at odds with the many
nervous ticks his body exhibits. Like so many informa-
tion gathers, Chenrezig is becoming slightly paranoid,
but it has not yet affected his work.

Nature: Director

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 1, Computer 2,
Dodge 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Politics 1, Research 3,
Science 2, Subterfuge 1, Stealth 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Followers 3, Pacts 2,
Resources 2, Legacy 2

Willpower: 6

Faith: 8

Torment: 7

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Patterns

Lore: Patterns 4, Light 2,,Portals 1

Manor PLAGERS
2x0 WeEI(GaAo Tao)

Zao Wei was bom a quadriplegic, but her mind is one
of the finest ever. Her parents were naturalized American
citizens from China who worked for UCLA, and so Zao
received the finest medical treatmentand the talents ofher
mind did not go unrecognized. Still life was not pleasant ot
happy for Zao, and she remainedon powerful painkillersall
Of her lifefuntil one night she took too many.

In that moment, Gao Yao took possession of her
body. During the wars Gao Yao had risen to the rank of
Baroness for her skills on the battlefield and her ruthless-
ness, but her years in the Abyss had softened this warrior
leaving her open to a more peaceful solution. Now she is
a quiet Cryptic with heavy Reconciler tendencies. Al-
Lat has not recruited her for the same reason that neither
court déals with her: the deformity of her host.


Civprer THRee

Because Gao Yao is physically restrained toa wheel-
chair, the courts tend to ignore her. Kishar would not
have done this, but that their rank is equal. And the
Second House is higher in status than the Fourth
House. This not-to-subtle snobbery offends Gao Yao,
butas yet there is little she can do about it. So she bides
her time and looks for an opportunity.

The one benefit Gao Yao's host provided was her
impressive skills with the computer, and so even though
she is a Baroness, Gao Yao works for Chenrezig in the
Eagle Ministry keeping an eye on the internet and the
information to be found there.

Willpower:

Faith: 6

Torment:

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Patterns
Lore: Patterns 2, Light 2, Portals 1, Humanity 1

One-Eur(?)

One-Eye is the tag name for Jorge Martinez. Born to
the extreme poverty of the worst parts of East LA ofillegal
immigrants, the young man grew up in a tiny house with
twenty-two other people. The children, slept six to a
room, while the parents slept in tents‘in the minuscule
backyard. As soon as he turned fifteen he went to work.
The women of the house worked ina sweatshop, and the
men worked illegally in a variety of manufacturing jobs.

It was a grim and hopeless existence which Jorge
escaped through art. He would steal pencils and paper
from the grocery store, and whenever he could he would
sneak away to the nearby creek and sit and draw for
hours. As he became a teenager he took up graffiti as
another way of expressing this artistic urge. Eventually
he became so good that some store owners would hire
him to decorate their walls.

Without telling his family he stopped working at the
factory. Instead he spent those hours going to bookstores
and libraries to study the art of every culture he could find.
He became especially fond of the Impressionistic move-
ment. He spenthis time on the buses he took to these stores
designing his future walls, and it was there that he was shot
bya gangbanger who mistook Jorge for someone else. The
shooter fled before Jorge's body was taken over.

The fallen which possesses his body has no memory
of its former existence. It was a Fiend and aCryptic, but
nothing more than that remains. As a consequence the
fallen tried at first to remain disguised as Jorge Martinez,
buras time passes and itstill can notremember its name,
the need to study has made it necessary to change his
habits and identity

So the fallen has become One-Eye, even though
the body has both eyes. The nickname comes from
Jorge's favorite expression, "In the valley of the blind,
the one-eyed man is king." In this guise he still paints

graffiti of startling beauty. Still more, he is working in
messages from another language that he cannot deci-
pherortranslate. He doesnot know where these messages
are coming from or how they came to be in his head, but
he feels a need:to express them.

When notpainting, One-Eye spends his time studying,
especially using the downtown library which have online
computers. Most fallen are still unused to the mortal world
and so do not look at or understand what graffiti is, so One-
Eye's message goes unread by the only group which has a
chance at understanding it. One-Eye has presented himself
tothe Infernal Court, butdoes not participate in it. Assuch
most fallen in the city have forgotten he is even the

Willpower: 5

Faith: 5

Torment: 4

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Light

Lore: Light 2, Portals 1, Humanity1, Fundament 1

ANNAH KLEIN (BosaTsu)

Hannah Klein was aGerman student hitchhikingher
way across America. Her family disowned her when she
crossed the Atlantic. This did not deterher. She wanted to
experience the world. She wanted to see everything and
understand ital, This thirst for knowledge motivated her,
and kept her moving across the country.

For the whole of her journey, luck kept her away
from the dangerous people, but that all ended in the
City of Angels. Here she was raped and beaten in her
hostel. Her attacker used a'lead pipe when he beat her
and shattered her cheekbone. Hannah never recovered
from the beating, remaining in a comatose state.

Bosatsu assumed control of Hannah's body upon escap-
ing the Abyss. He too had been a pilgrim in search of

69

knowledge. He remains a committed Cryptic, but holds
himself distant from others of his faction who he considers
tobe too politically oriented. Although what he is seeing in
the worldistakinghimdown the path towardsthe Raveners.
It is this cynicism that permits him to coexist with Lord
Aglibol for whom he works in the Ministry of the Bull.

Through Aglibol, Bosatsu received the job in the
Huntington Library, but it was the Fiend's passion for
knowledge which made her Head Librarian there. The
library is a everything a bibliophile dreams of and
researchers dread. It is a maze of texts which only
vaguely obey the Dewey decimal system, but is kept in
scrupulous alphabetical-by-author's-last-name order.

On prominent display is the Gutenberg Bible, which
has been used to summonan Earthbound once before, and
many fallen wish to use it now tosummon old comrades or
leaders. What few people realize is that Bosatsu has had a
replica made, and the original bible ishidden deep beneath
the library in a room only she knows exists.

Willpower: 7

Faith: 5

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Portals

Lore: Portals 3, Patterns 2, Humanity 2

ANTONIO GABRELLICAGASTUA)

Antonio Gabrelli started his career as priest with the
best of intentions. He came' from a fine old family in
Boston, and his scholastic career had shown much prom-
ise. He attended the famous Jesuit university in Santa
Clara, California and continued to show great aptitude for
hisstudies, but there was one problem: the vowsof chastity.

Everything else he could abide, but those vows he
broke almost monotonously. He strove through confes-
sion and prayer to control these urges, butalwayshe failed.
In spite of this his career flourished and he eventually
became the bishop in charge of Los Angeles. Several times
the Catholic Church had to hush-up an unexpected
pregnancy during Antonio's tenure in the bishopric.

When Manishtusu decided he wanted control of
the Catholic Church in Los Angeles he sent his lieuten-
ant Psycho to kidnap'the priest. Once he Earthbound
had Antonio in the Nickerson Garden Projects, the
unfortunate priest was sacrificed and the Fiend known
as Agastya was summoned to possess the body.

During the war Agastyabecameall that was worst inthe
Fiends. He planned several of the most brutal sieges of the
war, and had been demoted three times for his excessive
cruelty. His time in the Abyss did what few had believed
possible: it had made him worse. Manishtusu had served in
the torture chambers of Taba‘et' with Agastya, and knew
him to be perfect for perverting the practicesofthe church.

As expected Agastya shone in his tasfeiide soon
expanded Antonio's lusts to pederasty and sadism, and

Ciry oF ANGELS

began to infect all those underneath him with similar
depravities. The unexpected bonus that the Earth-
bound had not anticipated was the power control the
bishop rendered. Catholicism is the most popular faith
in the Tri-County Area, and the man who controls the
church controls the people who attend the church.
Willpower: 5

Faith: 5

Torment: 8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Patterns

Lore: Patterns 2, Light 2, Fundament 2, Humanity]

SALLUP AHL)

As a child, Sally Finn wanted to be apart of show
business, but she had no talent for acting or singing. Unde-
terred, when she tured eighteen, she went west to
Hollywood, but she soon discovered that performers hadno
clout in the City of Angels. Also, the only thing absolutely
every actor needed wasan agent, and the key quality needed
tobeanagent wasaskill forsubverting reality for perception.

In this field Sally excelled. Her favorite tactic was to
discover the bad habits of successful producers and supply
them withtheir vice, be it little boys, hard drugs or snuff
films. This proved so effective that many of her clients
were Iniged with@ut the producer even knowing their
names. Sally was so successful the Flamingo Room keeps
attable reserved for heriat all times. Her success came at
acosthowever. Hersoul wasso deadened by this constant
exposure to the worst of humanity's lusts that when Jahi
escaped from the Abyss and was looking for a hostall the
fallen had to do was move into Sally's body.

Jahi was an old friend and follower of Spentu
Mainyu and aconfirmed Faustian. When SpentuMainyu
was establishing his court he offered hera position, but


Ciaprer THREE

she wanted to focus her time and attention on expand-
ing the client base, and therefor her influence, of Sally
Finn. After much discussion it was decided that Jahi
would take a post under Lord Vritran to make sure the
Scourge had a competent advisor for dealing with
people and fulfilling their desires.

As the City of Angels burned during Devil's Night,
Jahi's loyalties shifted. Before she had agreed with Spentu
Mainyu's plan and was content for a subservient role in
it, batnow she doubts that Spentu Mainyu is equal to the
task. She still believes in the plan, but now sees a crafty
Fiend sitting on the final throne instead of a Devil.

Willpower: 6

Faith: 5

Torment: 7

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Light

Lore: Light 3, Patterns 2, Portals 1

Bir PLagers

Gana ManoscHrK (HAKSEDIAN)

Gary Maroschek continues to work asa camera
operator for Universal Studios, even after his death and
possession by the demon Haksedian. The Fiend thought
about abandoning the mortal job, but found it provided
both money and opportunities. Maroschek mostly works
onnews broadcasts, but also spends asignificantamount
oftime filming confrontational talk shows — which has
helped to confirm and cement Haksedian's contempt
and hatred of human beings.

While a member of the Ravener faction, Haskedian
eschews overt violence and destruction. Instead, he
hopes to push humanity subtly into self-destruction. He
has already begun to influence directors and writersat the
network. Under his guidance, the news reports focus on
the worst of humanity — wats, murders and everyday
atrocities —and pass overstories thatreflecthumankind's
nobler actions. Similarly, he seeks out particularly de-
based or pathetic individuals, then pushes for then to be
included on talk shows —providingashinthexamiple or
the sordid and base nature of humanity. Meroschek's
efforts are not obvious;and perhaps he only contributes
asmall amount to the degradation of humanity — but
perhaps.it‘could be enough to make a difference.

MANpRAKE(PASHDANIEL)

Mandrake is not his name, but it's what people call
him. The old man who wanders the streets of the
Miracle Mile used to be a professional magician, a stage
illusionist —at least, that's what he'd tell the passersby
who'd give him money for food and wine. If it wasn't
true before, it certainly is now — with»the demon
Pashdaniel inside him, Mandrake has magical abilities
undreamt of by mortals.

Pashdaniel's concernsare not with sawing women in
half, or gaining temporal power — he cares only for
learningthe whereabouts of Lucifer. However, the Neberu
doesn't search for information in ancient texts or hidden
lore. No, he believes Lucifer's secrets are apparent in the
patterns of Los Angeles itself, hidden in plain sight.
Mandrake looks for patterns in newspaper classifieds, in
the movements of traffic, in the garbage on the streets —
seeking the data that lies under the skin of the mundane
city. It would be easy to dismiss Mandrake as the crank he
appears to be — but his methods seem to truly work, and
members of both demonic Courts come to the old street
lunatic, begging him to divine secrets in the fluctuation
of smog levels or the ratings of TV reruns.

DrsubTLETCHER IDBASHEK)

Under the LA streets, Idbashek immerses herself in
humanity's filth and leavings, moving through! the
stinking tunnels of the city'sséwer system. An unfikely
place for a Fiend to haunt, perhaps — but Idbashek
incarnated on Earth in the body of Deslie Fletcher, who
had worked in sewer maintenanceifor twenty years.

The Neberu's sense for patterns-drew her to the
sewers, andthe glimmerings ofa theory. The interlocking
maze of sewer tunnels under LA mirror, in significant
ways, the intricate patterns and structures of summoning
magic. Fletcherhascome to believe thatifshe reconfigures
the sewage flow in a particular way, the whole system
might emulate the mystic space of a summoning circle —
allowing many demons to be pulled from Hell into the
safety of the sewers. She continues to test this theory,
modifying the various valves and mechanisms of the
sewers with the aid of other sewer workers who have
become her thralls. Idbashek sends periodic reports toher
masters in the Blood Court — none) of whom feel
inclined to inspect her work in person.

ISRAEL ARCELLA(MEONENIM)

The Inner Circle Bookshop is a fairly minor occult
bookstore in downtown LA. Owner Israel Arcella pri-
marily sells mass-market, New Age books and
paraphernalia, but drops hints about the serious occult
books he sells to "deserving seekers" — that is, collec-
tors with fat wallets or attractive Goth girls who might
consent to having sex with him.

When the demon Meonenim possessed Arcella's
body after the bookseller died from a stroke, he thought
he had found a treasure trove of mystic knowledge —
but as it curned out, even the "serious" tomes were
mostly drivel and claptrap. Still, Meonenim has inher-
ited a successful business, a lot of connections in the
esoteric book market, and a black book full of phone
numbers. Now Arcella is focusing strongly on develop-
ing a true occult library — and a small cult of seekers
after mystic knowledge who worship him as their mas-


ter. Unfortunately, Meonenim has also inherited his
host's lusts, and constantly finds himself distracted from
his work by his female thralls — and customers.

Manranne Nonticorr (DALUKMATIA)

It's hard to be a successful woman in a man's world,
and few places are as "boy's only" as the stock market.
Marianne Northcott struggled for years to build a career
as.a stockbroker, but never managed to break through
into the big leagues; the major clients wanted aggres-
sive, ruthless men to manage their accounts.

When Marianne died and Dalukmatia possessed
her body, that began to change. The Neberu saw the
fluctuation of the market as a constantly shifting pat-
tern —a pattern she could manipulate easily with her
demonic lore. In just a few months, Northcott has
become a major player in the LA stock market, and her
portfolio is swelling. She originally planned to.channel
the money into the coffers of the Infernal Gourt = but
human greed overwhelmed her. Now Dalukmatia fo-
cuses on increasing her own wealth — and it's only-a
matter of time before her masters realize thateshe is
holding back the bulk of her.growing forttine. When
that happens, Marianne could be ina lot of trouble...

Karnenixe RoageNkaMp(Lo-ROnAMAT)

In the basement of the Martin Luther King Jr! Hospital
you find the morgue, which is controlled by Katherine
Roggenkamp. A former doctor, Roggenkamp gave up medi-
cine fora less-stressful position in hospital administration —
until recently, when she died in a car accident and was
possessed by the Fiend Lo-ruhamah. A powerfuldiviner, Lo-
ruhamah knows thesecret of tellingthefururebyexamining
the entrails of corpses — preferably human corpses.

The morgue provéd/a valuable resource for, the
Neberu, and Lo-ruhamah hasspenta lot of time dissect-
ing and mutilating bodies that were scheduled for
cremation.6r disposal, auguting the future and gaining
knowledge for the Blood Court. But the demon hungers
for more information, and the flow of bodies just isn't
fast enough to suit her. Nurses have begun to notice
Doctor Roggenkamp hanging around the emergency
room, but have yet to realize that she's stealing patients
away before they obtain treatment. Down in the morgue,
Lo-ruhamah continues her divinations, and the
hospital's crematorium runs red-hot every night.

DJ PeppenC.(TAHAPENESKEDU)

Dj Pepper C. is a rising star in the cutthroat dance
music scene of Santa Monica. Every weekend, you can
find her laying down grooves at some dance party —
whether it's trance for the college kids, drum & bass for
the dedicated clubbers or breakbeats for the street
scene, Fans say her music hasa hidden complexity, with
beats and samples layered thick upon each other. What
the fans don't realize is that Pepper C. died in a mugging

Ciry OF ANGELS

months ago — and that it's the demon Tahapeneskedu
who's setting the dance floor on fire now.

There are hidden patterns in Pepper's music — hid-
densodeepthatonlyafewclubbers, theirsensesheightened
by Eestasy, have deciphered their secrets. These kids are
the core of Tahapeneskedu's growing cult, and serve their
mistress with their devotion and drug connections. The
demon's aims are relatively benign — she's a member of
the Reconciler faction — but already a few of her acolytes
have overdosed in her service. Ecstasy isa vital component
of Tahapeneskedu's operation, and she considersthe occa-
sional death an acceptable price — but others might not
be so cavalier about mortal lives.

RoBent BERESFORD (CHARCHEMISH)

When the news about his relationship with a male
student broke, Robert Beresford was disgraced, his mar-
tiage broke apart, and his tenure at UCLA was cancelled.
In despair, Beresford took his own life — but that just
allowed the demon Charchemish to take over his body.
Charchemish didn't expect mortal life to be so compli-
cated, but he's doing his best to adapt.

Berésford lectured in physics at UCLA, and
Charchemish sees enormous potential in quantum me-
chanics —he hopes that the mortal science can help break
down the barriers around Hell and release the rest of the
imprisoned demons. The Fiend wants to conduct experi-
ments towards this — but to get free reign, he has to
overcome the sex scandal and regain his position of author-
ity. This is more than Charchemish can manage on his own,
and he's hoping that the Infernal Court can help him
influence UCLA's board of directors into reinstating him—
but worries about what might be demanded of him in retum.

DEFILERS

Jonarnan Freeman (Vora Mano)

During the Time of Atrocities, the name Vohu
Mano of the Ebon Legion was synonymous with savage
beauty. and demented tortures. While most of his fellow
Devourers used their lore to inspire and maintain the
righteous cause of the Rebellion, Vohu Mano sought to
torture and horrify his enemies. His speciality was music.
The demented refrains of his music unnerved the enemy
who endured its assault upon their ears and sanity.

Then the Legions broke, but this did not slow down
Vohu Mano. Deprived of a unit to support and defend
him, he changed his tactics to a guerrilla-style haunting
the hills around settlements and destroying anything
that dared to walk alone in the night. Although Lucifer
condemned the Devourer, Abbadon approved, so Vohu
Mano advanced in rank.

His time in the Abyss actually seemed to make Vohu
Mano worse. He became lost in his passion for hatred, until


Curren Taree

hecouldno longertruly remember why he wasangry or what
he hated. Because of his tempét most fallen'assumed that
Vohu ManowasaRavener. However, in spite ofhisrage;the
Defiler remained loyal to the commander who had pro-
tected him during the war. Abbadon now helped tolead the
Faustians so Vohu Mano supported their faction.

The disappearance of the Archdukes gave Vohu
Mano ‘pause. Until then he had assumed that the
absence of Lucifer meant the First Rebel had betrayed
his fallen, but now it seemed possible the Morningstar
was still at large and working to free his soldiers to
continue the war. The thought that he might return to
war was sweet to Vohu Mano, but as more and more
fallen vanished, many who had been of no note, the
Defiler decided it must have been a false hope.

Then the cracks appeared in the walls of the Abyss.
Vohu Mano was among the first sent out into the
breach. He was ordered by the dark lords to secure a base
of Faith for the Faustians, and unhesitatingly, Vohu
Mano accepted the charge.

Jonathon Freeman grew.tip isolated and hated in
Kansas. He had always known he was different from the
other boys, but could not explain how or why. His slight
build made him an easy target ofscorn and ridicule for the
jocks, yet even as they tormented him, he found himself,
‘on some quiet hidden level of consciousness, enjoying
their attentions. This dichotomy disturbed him, and it was
not until his senior year that Jonathon came to understand
that he was sexually attracted to other boys, not girls.

He knew better than to reveal his secret to the beer-
swilling jocks of his high school, but shared his secret with
the girl he had been dating. It was a mistake. She did not
understand and took the information as an insult — which
was not at all how Jonathan meant it. She told the entire
school, and Jonathan spent his last month of school hiding
from his peers. Only one member of the faculty did not pass
judgementand tried tohelp him. Oddly enough itwashis PE
coach. Although the coach was heterosexual, he hated the
sight of people being bullied, so he advised Jonathan to
endure until graduation and then leave forSan Francisco or
Los Angeles. In the meantime Jonathan hid between his
classes in the coach's office. In spite of the fear that wentwith
it, Jonathan remembered the time fondly because of the
kindness demonstrated by that coach. And until his death)
Jonathan would maintain correspondence with the coach.

When hefirstarrivedin Los Angeles, Jonathan thought
hehad found paradise. People were free to pursue whatever
lifestyle they pleased. Gay coupleswalked the street openly
holding hands and embracing. With his good looks
Jonathan soon had several admirers but few serious rela-
tionships. He felt a bit like a kid in a candy store.

However reality refused to leave him alone, and
Jonathan came to learn of the dark side of the gay
community. Discrimination was still rampant, and one

always had to be careful of gay-bashers who would cruise
the gay clubs looking for wealthy men. They would lure
these men outside and.thén beat and rob them. Also if
employers discovered their sexual orientation, the ho-
mosexual would find his benefits cut and his chance of
advancement almost:vanished.

Outraged, Jonathan decided to speak out. He proved
tobe anleffectivéspeaker with his open and honest good
looks. aNdiBi@iBassionate yet kind voice. He was not a
queen, and so did not offend the more old-fashioned
heterosexuals, yet he was not a butch, which many
people would mistrust as being a facade. He was just
himself, and many who listened to him found them-
selves touched by his simple eloquence.

Oddly enough, the man who attacked and beat
Jonathan was not homophobic. He was just a hapless
bum who had lost his mind from years of drinking
gasoline and cheap liquor. The bumattacked Jonathan
Bs the young crusader was entering his WeHolapart-
ment after a successful fund-raiser, beating him
repeatedly with a brick.

Tt was Jonathan's intense passion whigaeatereted
Vohu Mano. The instant the Defiler assumed control of
the activist's body, he found himself changing. In spite
of the hardship and isolation of his life, Jonathan was a
profoundly kind and loving man who did not even hate
his killer. For all his life all Jonathan wanted was to get
along with everyone around him, and foreveryone else
to get along with each other.

This passion for kindness and mercy clashed with
Shu Mano's relentless savagen/lim that moment of
possession; but in the end the flesh won. Vohu Mano can
remember his'tage, but he no longer feels it. In fact he is
becoming embarrassed by the excesses of his behavior.


His once devoutly Faustian outlook has become a
kinder Reconciler philosophy. Many fallen who re-
member the Vohu Mano of old can not believe the
change, butall agree that it is nota ploy ora trick. Vohu
Mano has become a Reconciler. Abbadon has learned
of this conversion as well, and he is not pleased.

When Spentu Mainyu approached Vohu Mano
with the post of head of the Mortal Ministry, the Defiler
accepted, seeing it as an opportunity to learn how
demons and humankind might best coexist.

Vohu Manoearned glory forhimselfwhen he learned
ofand put a stop to an effort by Manishtusu to expand his
power into WeHo, but the young crusader's inability to
avoid arguments with the more conservative elements of
the Infernal Court have deprived him of the benefit of his
renown. Aglibol in particular wars constantly with Vohu
Mano, and their conflict has prevented the Defiler from
being more effective than he might otherwise have been.

Image: Vohu Mano looks much younger than his
thirty years. Many still mistake him for a teenager. His
hair isso light it is almost white. His skinvalso is pale and
does not tan, only burns a bright reds His\voice is high-
pitched but pleasant and rich with passion. His mind is
highly adept at political maneuvering, but thé constant
attacks by Aglibol have rendered him a non-entity in
the political arena. Spentu Mainyt is aware of this and
is careful not to let Vohu Mano become too powerful.

Roleplaying Hints: Vohu Mano is'a committed
idealist, a crusader who has turned aside from the
excesses of the past and in many was resemimgey the
principled angels of the Fall. Unfortunately, his com-
passion is often cynically regarded as oné more tactic in
the political struggles between the fallen, an all-too-
predictable reaction that pains him deeply.

Nature: Martyr

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Computer 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Expression 3, Etiquette 2, Intuition 2, Medi-
cine 1, Politics 1, Streetwise 3, Stealth 2, Subterfuge 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 2, Followers 3,
Pacts 2, Legacy 3

Willpower: 8

Faith: 7

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Longing

Lore: Longing 3, Storms 2, Humanity 3

CARMENESPARZACINANA)

Inana taught the whales»to sing. Every coastline
reverberates with the memory ofhermusicin theirroars
and crashes. Others might have taught the fish to

City oF ANGELS

school, but Inana instructed them how to dance in the
dark depths of the ocean. Inana showed the dolphins
how to pirouette through the crests of the sea.

Her voice was among the first to cry out against the
Almighty's restrictions, and later she maintained thatif
Lucifer had not rebelled, someone from her House
eventually would have. Just as every artist needs an
audience, Inana craved humankind's approval. As the
debate gave way to action, Inana was again in the
forefront passionately encouraging every angel to rise
up for humankind, and encouraging those who already
had that theirs was the correct choice.

As the war dragged on, Inana was still employed as
amorale builder, sent wherever it was deemed necessary
tocheer up warriors and give heart to the mortals caught
in the crossfire. Even after Caine's crime, Inana contin-
ued to encourage those loyal to Lucifer with her beauty
and.music. All the way up to their defeat and banish-
ment, Inana remained a source of pride and dignity.

The horrors of the Abyss were greater for Inana
than almost any other, for it deprived her of the only
thing she truly needed: her audience. The other fallen
were too absorbed with their own madness to appreciate
the beauty that Inana at first tried to create, and the
more she created with no one to see or hear, the deeper
the Torment seeped into her soul.

Other fallen continued to argue philosophy as they
created their Factions, but Inana knew only hatred. If
she could not create, she could destroy. She had fallen
defending humankind, therefore her imprisonment was
humankind's fault, and she was determined to be a
hundred millennia in extracting her vengeance.

Carmen Esparza was a natural beauty, the kind of
beauty that incited instant adoration or mad jealousy in


Cnvprer THREE

everybody who saw her. She grew up in the barrios of
East LA, but always knew)she was destinéd'for greater
things. At the age of sixteen, armed witha fake IDjshe
decided tomake her opportunity.

Evénina town whereall the beautiful people fromall
over the world come to look for work in film and
television, Carmen stood out. She was quickly signed by
amajot talent agency. The jobs came quickly, as did the
money. All the men in power and a couple of the women
triedto lure this young beauty to their beds with promises
of more money and fame, but Carmen knew better. She
flirted mercilessly but never acted on her insinuations.

Ultimately this proved her undoing, as one night a
filmproducer lost to the grip of cocaine became enraged
when the coquette refused to come across and strangled
her nearly to.death. He might have gotten away with
the assault, but Inana had just escaped the Abyss and
had found a perfect host in the tortured model's body.

Inana did not kill the producer right away. First she
blackmailed him fortwo months to secure herself some
influential friends and easy finances, then she killed the
man by castrating him and'then suffocating, him with
his own severed extremity. So unlike other fallenno
suspicion has been directed at Inana's host.

To ensure this, Inana retired from the public life. Now
she relies on her contacts and interpersonal skills to secure
herevery need, and there isno shortage of people who wish
toenlist heraid in staging elaborate parties. Afterall parties
are one of the primary places where business is done in Los
Angeles, and Inana's parties are legendary.

When Anat was establishing her Blood Court un-
derSpentu Mainyu's advisorship, Inana was the obvious
choice to head the Ministry of Aurochs, because one of
her subsidiaries was a security company catering to the
obscenely wealthy. Anat and Inana formed an instant
bond, each perhaps recognizing in the other a kindred
spirit of madness.

The primary difference between the two is that Anat
supports wholesale destruction whereas Inana wants to
eradicate humanity one person ata time. She delights in
the look of despair and horror in the eyes of each thrall
just before she breaks them. She is in no rush because,
even if her body is mortal, her spirit is not, and if Carmen
Esparza's body should cease to be useful, Inana, through
her contacts, will easily find a replacement.

Image: Inana is tall, slender and effortlessly el?
egant. Her features are so even and smooth that they are
almost painfully beautiful. Her chocolate brown eyes
are rich with innuendo and suggestion. Her brown hair
is kept shoulder length and full to best frame her oval
visage, and she garbs herself in blacks and reds.

Even Inana's voice is seductive, an interesting
blend of naive and suggestive. Her posture is carefully
affected to elicit whatever response she is looking for, as

is her dress. Inana is always aware of the effect she has
on others, and never appears disconcerted or flustered.
She is the ultimate hostess.

Roleplaying Hints: Inana is the epitome of the
femme fatale, using her powers of seduction and fascina-
tion to lure wistful humans to their doom.

Nature: Gallant

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Expression 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Intuition 3,
Performance 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2, Stealth 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Influence 2, Pacts 3,
Followers 2, Resources 4, Legacy 2

Willpower: 7

Faith: 8

Torment: 8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Storm

Lore: Storm 3, Transfiguration 2, Longing 2

MINOR PLAUERS
CanLosRrdes Haurvarar)

Carlos Reyes grew upiin San Antonio. His father was
a factdty worker anduhis mom a tired housewife. The
middle of eight children, Carlos grew up ina loud house.
He eldestsisterdid more to look after the children than the
mother, whose time was occupied with maintaining the
householdand working part time asa maid. Itwasa loving
childhood, butCarlos still found himself starved for atten-
tion. In school he naturally drifted towards drama.

He had talent, and his teachers encouraged him to
purstie his dreams. Emboldened by their words, Carlos
made his way west to Hollywood, but as with so many
others, the California dream exceeded reality. He worked
ih various menial jobs and auditionedat every opportu-
nity, but his break never came because Hollywood
produced white movies. Hispanics could only find work
as villains. Carlos' downfall came through drugs, so
prevalent in the poorer cultures of Los Angeles.

One night an overused artery gave way and Carlos
died of internal bleeding. Drawn to the artistic fervor
which had moved Carlos in life, Haurvatat took posses-
sion of the would-be actor. Finding parallels between
the discrimination towards minorities and the casual
cruelty of the Almighty's edicts, Haurvatat became an
impassioned performer. His monologyfalamtmammy zar-
fered local renown and secured him a job at the Black
Box Theater, a well known and established 99-seater.
He alsovattracted the attention'of the Infernal Court.

Spent Mainyu -casilyfiecniited the Defiler into the
Faustians. Later, when Spentu Mainyu was moved into


the Morningstar Ministry, he again tapped Haurvatat to
assist him. Asan actor, Haurvatat hasaccess toa lot of the
rumors circulating in LA, and he reports all that he h
to Spentu Mainyu. That is one of the passive ways the
Devil Lord keeps tabs on the other fallen of the city.

Willpower: 5

Faith: 5

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Transfiguration

Lore: Transfiguration 2, Longing 2, Humanity 2

‘Toma UonacHarmar G@SHEN-RAB)

Tommy Yongchaiyut was born in the Khau Kaen.
province of Thailand in the early sixties and grewup while
the US was running operations through that country and
into Vietnam. His aunt, working as a prostitute, seduced
one of these GI's and married him. Through that connec-
tion Tommy wassent to the United States as a teen during
the late seventies. He loved his new homeland and soon
found work pursuing his family's profession of cooking.

People soon began to praise his dishes and would
come from all over the Tri-County Area to sample its
delicacies. Soon a bold plan formed in Tommy's mind.
Without telling his employer, Tommy placed an ad in
the local paper challenging all food critics to come try
his speciality, lemon chicken, and he‘defied any to find
fault with it. Many took up the gauntlet yet none
published a negative review. This boldness earned
Tommy even more renown, andyhe soon was.in a
position to completely take over the running of that
restaurant. He changed the name to,Khau Kaen in
honor of the province where he was born.

Success continued to follow Tommy. He worked
tirelessly on every detail, from the food on the menu to
the decor on the walls, of his restaurant with his passion,
In the end he literally worked himself to the edge of
death. After almost a week without sleep and constant
work, Tommy collapsed, but the Defiler called gShen-
rab took possession of the body, and maintained the lifé
the Thailander had worked so hard to build. The
passion of his cooking inspired Faith in his patrons.

Like so many of his brethren gShen-rab found
himself taken with mortal passion, and he desires to
build humanity up to its fullest passion. He isa Faustian.
His position in the infernal court is under the Fell
KnightGuanliin the Lion Ministry, but the Malefactor's
haphazard manner of handling his ministry means that
gShen-rab is largely free to focus on his real passion.

Willpower: 6

Faith: 5

Torment: 5

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Longing

Lore: Longing 2, Storm 2, Fundament 1, Humanity 1

Ciry oF ANGELS

GIoVANNICADAPA)

Gioyanni/was born into the world of fashion. His
family was an old established family of designers in Italy,
and young Giovanni eagerly took up his family's trade.
Although, it should be noted that the young rake was
fore interested in hedonistic aspects of this sybaritic
existence than the craft of creating and intensifying
beauty. He passed more time on yachts off the Riviera
and on the ski slopes of the Alps than behind the
drafting boards. It was not until the third charge of rape,
which was of course quietly covered up, that his family
banished the wild youth to America.

Arriving in Beverly Hills to personally oversee the
shop there, Giovanni fully intended to carry.on where
he had left off, but something happened. The young
man, while spending a few moments in the back of his
shop calling a local drug dealer to score some Eestacy,
noticed some designs laying on a table, The designer
was clearly having difficulty with the colors. Without
really thinking, Giovanni madeaifew alterations which
perfected the design. That one move changed how his
employees yiewed their boss, and soon they were com-
ing to him for all manner of advice. Stranger still, the
young idler found himself enjoying the challenge.

However, he never ceased his hedonistic pursuits,
and at the young age of twenty-five, he fell into a coma
as aresult ofacombination of pillsand alcohol. Into this
emptied shell came Adapa. The Defiler was a natural fit
for the decadent youth. Both had a passion for pleasure
and passionate pleasure for their self-interests.

The years of imprisonment had warped Adape's
sense of pleasure however, and where he had once lov
humanity, now the Defiler expressed only the most
bitter hatred for his once-protectorate. In short, Adapa
had become a Ravener. He found no place in the
Infernal Court, but when the Blood Court was founded,
he went to work for Lady Inana's Auroch Ministry
making sure that the Blood Court was always safe not
only from humanity but also from the Infernal Court.

Willpower: 7

Faith: 7

Torment: 8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Longing

Lore: Longing 3, Transfiguration 3, Storm 2

Baap Ornrworrn(A:

Barbie Wentworth was everything a trophy wife was
supposed to be, young, beautiful, impeccably fashionable,
but few people realized the brutality of her youth. She had
grown up in the wildhillsof Kentucky bom to parents who
had only just experienced puberty. Her mother had died
giving birth to Barbie, and her father died in a mining
accident when she was three. This caused her to be sent to
anuncle on her father's side, but this uncle was a depraved


CHaprer THREE

man who soon began to molest the‘young girl. Barbie
endured as long as she could until one night she killed the
uncle while he was passed out next to her.

Wasting no time, the now twelve yeat old girl
scrounged the house for every valuable and hopped on
abus heading west. Her mind had already formed a plan.
She understood the effect her body had on men, and she
intended to make full use of that gift. In the darker
sections of LA, she found work in the dirtiest aspects of
the porn industry. She actually made a fair amount of
money because she never developed a drug habit, but
she did become infected with HIV. Once she had
enough money, the young girl, still a minor, armed
herself with the most fashionable clothes and a fake ID.
She began to prowl the high-class hangouts of Beverly
Hills until she found herself a husband.

By now the HIV had given way to AIDS, but Barbie
managed to hide this fact from her husband. She be-
came everything he needed. She charmed his friends.
She made him look virile and manly, and she masked
the fact that he was a closet homosexual. Her disease
destroyed her soul, and opened the path for Anahita.
who changed Barbie's MO slightly. Where once the
trophy wife had allowed herself to be a passive decora-
tion, now Anahita seduces many powerful men to
increase the range of her influence.

He philosophy is decidedly Ravener and sheserves
Lady Nasu in the Blood Court's Eagle Ministry by
keeping tabs on the influential members of the enter-
tainment industry who flock to the swimming pools of
Beverly Hills. In her spare time, she is building a
network of blackmailers and spies. She has become the
most like the succubi of legend using every persuasion
available to an attractive young woman to secure

knowledge and influence. Anahita has not been slow to
notice how ineffectual Nasu is becoming, and has laid
plans to soon replace her as the Court's Lidless
Willpower: 8
Faith: 7
Torment: 7
Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Transfiguration
Lore: Transfiguration 3, Longing 3, Humanity 3

Bir Pacers

Lanpox Perovic (Kanna)

Kyhung believes that God can be found in the plea-
sures of man. Enjoymentand happiness are the things that
seem to elevate humans, and so he seeks to pursue bliss
rather single-mindedly. The previous owner of the body,
Lyndon Petrovich, was a chef at an upscale French café in
Beverly Hills, andso Kyhung's expressions of pleasure tend
to come across.as a total love of food and cooking (exem-
plified by Petrovich's 350-lb. form). As a Reconciler,
Lyndon seeks to make peace with God by enjoying all of
Creation and helping mortals do much of the same. He is
constantly on the lookout for other Reconcilers entering
the city, and he will attempt to mesh goals with them as
soonashefinds them. AnyReconciler (and the occasional
Faustian) is free to eat at the café, (Café Fin) for no charge.
Petrovich is a loud and boisterous man and will meet with
any andall parties interested.

Keren Ochoa (Ga-Gonib)

Ga-Goribstyles himself the "Serpent of the Slave Pit,"
atitle he usediin ancient days that reflected his practice of
dragging humans down into a massive pit not far from
Dudael, raping them, and»murdering them. Ga-Gorib
sought a soul with anger and lust invits heart after forcing
his way from the Abyss, and found the answer in the form
of high school student Keith Ochoa. Half of Ochoa's face
was covered with a dark, tough birthmark, and the con-
stant mockery and abuse from this slight disfigurement
instilled the boy's mind with much rage and unfulfilled
sexual need. After Ga-Gorib settled in, he promptly went
about the act of murdering Ochoa's single mother with a
shotgun and taking their scummy duplex all for himself.
There he maintains a "house of horrors," kidnapping both
women and men (some of which were fellow students who
either mistreated him or never gave him the time of day)
and forcing them into grisly acts of sexual satiation and
self-mutilation. Some are thralls, others just physical slaves
whom Ga-Gorib punishes nightly.

BosswJaspens(Uniocn)
Bobby and his brother Danielowned a head shop
down:on Ventura boulevard, and both Gen-X'ers were

responsible for holding massive bacchanalia parties where
hallucinogens and Ecstasy were handed out like breath

7


mints. Urioch was attracted not to Bobby himself (as he
was essentially a burn-out with little brain-power left), but
was attracted to the potential available there. Now that he
has taken Bobby's overdosed body as his own, Urioch
continues running the shop and holding the parties,
essentially shouldering the brother, Daniel, out of the
entire picture. Urioch has no interest in hurting mortals,
and in fact finds them rather fascinating — but he does
espouse Faustian idealsandunderstandsone simple premise:
it's easier to get what you want out of somebody when
they're fucked-up on something. Urioch has lately favored
peddling mind-blowing drugs (specifically hard-to-find
hallucinogens like ayahuasca) to adolescents, as they're
easier to manipulate while under the influence.

Prapna Vari, "Lapa Lian" (TiKIDOSHE)
Prabha, under her guise of "Lady Light," was a
dominatrix who served some of the wealthiest clientele in
all of Los Angeles — film producers, recording artists,
gallery owners — but was eventually murdered by an out-
of-control patron inher Pomona Beach boutique. Tikidoshe
took over, and has upped the ante with Prabha's business
— anything the dominatrix wouldn'vdo before, she now
does, delving deep into the potential perversions of the
mortal mind and all the Faith that such acts can cultivate.
Often dressed in trademark all-white leather, Tikidoshe is
most consumed with the act of material gain — not
money, perse, but the collection of objects. One of her pet
projects has become the acquisition of rare, foreign sports
cars, She has also become quite the social butterfly among
the fallen, and has sought to ingtatiate herself among
specific members of the Blood Court with the hopes of
currying favors from those fallen who are greater in station
than her. Her end goal is to.ascend the ranks as quickly as
possible, no matter the cost to her mortal host's body.

Larron Vine (BALSEMEM)

"Sidewalk prophecy" is Balsemem's new trick. He
remembers little of his demon self, and instead stays
primarily inside the mortal memories of the host, Luthor
Vine. Luthor was a twelve-year-old Crip witha penchant
for spray-painting raunchy messages across buildings,
billboards, and buses. But now, with Balsemem in con-
trol, the figure of Luthor Vine can often be seen
spray-painting quotes from religious texts and literature
instead of lewd words and graphic images. Balsemem
hopes to use the boy's body and mind to "inspire" the
members of LA's low-class neighborhoods and barrios in
the fashion of an old-school Muse. Problem is, Luthor's
new style of "tagging" has pissed-off every macho Sureno
and sutly Crip or.Blood who isn't really interested in
reading quotes from Milton or the I Ching. They see hit
asa little punk-ass fairy who's making their, tertitories
look like some bullshit library, and soon, someone will
attempt to punish the demon for the breaking of code.

City oF ANGELS

Siaones DRESMIEL)

The female angel Dresmiel is now trapped, demon-
stylé, in the body of Sylvester. "Sly" Jones, an
attention-deficit college-drop-out rich-kid whose only
plan in Los Angeles was to get high, get fucked, and blow
money. Dresmiel was once something of a "battle muse,"
inspiring the fallen angel armies with songs that would
tear across the skies with waves of power, but only some
of that memory has translated over into Sly's mind.
Dresmiel unfortunately still retains much of the "party-
boy" attitude that the mortal host boasted, though it has
been colored by the memory of spurring legions to action
and passion, and slowly Dresmiel awakens to herjhis
potential. In the meantime, however, Dresmiel does
little more than amuse himself/herself through television
during the day and social gratification in.the evening,
The demon is extraordinarily outgoing and socially-
driven, and islikely to getany fallen encounteredinto the
frenzied pleasure-seeking available to their mortal hosts.

Kenn Tuer (Tanta)

UCLA basketball star Kerr Tyler was a pinnacle of
physical-exertion — on the court he was a frightening
display ofenergy and exhaustion, and off-courthe pushed
himself to such physical extremes that it was clear to the
media that he was quite the adrenalin junkie. This
narcissistic devotion to his own form attracted Hantu, an
Oceanite warrior whose commitment to battle was some-
thing of an art form. Hantu took Kerr off the team, oddly
uninterested in the attention it afforded him, as no fallen
seemed tocare, so what did it matter? Hantu wasa devout
Luciferan and remains so — he cannot bring himself to
admit that Lucifer could've been wrong, because if the
Lightbringer was wrong, then so was Hantu to follow
him. And Hantu doesn't like being wrong. In this day,
Hantu offers himself as something of a mercenary to the
Infernal Court, parading around as a taker of dangerous
Thissions. Hantu enjoys the constant thrill of danger, and
won't accept vicarious adventure — it has to be him, all
fhe time, with no help whatsoever.

CECE SHERIDAN (CALLIEACH)

Callieach wants worship, and no small amount of it,
either. She sees the world as an untapped resource of
Faith walking around on two-legged Faith batteries called
"people," and she wishes to do whatever it takes to get
these cattle to bow down, lick her heels, and fill her with
the devotion she deserves. She stole the body of accident
victim Cece Sheridan, a folk artist who played at local
bars and coffee joints and already had a small following.
Since then, Sheridan's music has gone from slow, folksy
stuff to a more energetic, beat-infused style. She enjoyed
the attention even the low-level of stardom the music
afforded her, but lately it hasn't been enough. She slapss
up flyers, places classified ads in newspapers, even recruits


Curren THREE

on the streets and in the alleys, advertising one simple
premise — she can make them feel good. A Faustian to the
core, Callieach has literally made a temple to herself in
her apartment, and nightly invites her most devoted of
"groupies" to the place so they may venerate her— often
in the form of cooking for her, cleaning her house, giving
her sexual pleasure, and doing her laundry.

DPEVOURERS

Jerrned BLAcK(ASHUR)

Asamember of the sixth House, Ashur found no joy in
the company of his fellow angels that could compare with
the delight of his forests. Even deserts held more lively
interests for Ashur than the idealistic debates of other
angels. The restrictions laid on him andhisfellowstoremain
unknown to Adam and Eve bit deeply into his core. Here
was the perfection of the wild and he could notinteract with
it. Othersof the sixth house, in general, did not feel ashe did,
but Ashur was long used to being the odd one out.

When. Lucifer stood in defiance of the-Almighty
and that odious restriction, Ashur quickly took his
place at the First Rebel's side. He had not participated
in any of the debates. Indeed he had Jargely been
unaware of their existence, but once' the choice was
placed before him, Ashur was not'slow to take it up.

He quickly became feared aga grapapr'and roseles the
rank of Fell Knight. When te tiepions formedjie hur
unhesitatingly joined the Irogflgeoh because —chigush he
was an accomplished fightér and widely feared ag such —
Ashur preferred to foster life and defend than attack. It was
in the Iron' Legion that he met Kishar and discovered love.

Then he was captured and taken to Sagan, the prison
city. Here he languished for two monthsyin the dark
bowels of the labyrinth awaiting his judgement from the
Almighty. In that darknesshe realized thathis only regret
was beingiseparated from Kishar. Like an answer tova
prayer oneldday his cell door opgned and there stood
Kishar. Together, they fled to the mountains around
Sagan, and there they pledged never to be parted/again,
and whispered each in the other's ear theit True Names.

From then on they fought back-to-back in every
battle. They never stooped to the atrocities their fellow
fallen did. Neither did they offer quartetito.any foe the
Morningstar sent them to face. They did not achieve
the fame that some of the fallen earned. They partici-
pated in no debates. They sought no glory, only success
for Lucifer and prosperity for mankind.

Evenonce they were banished to the Abyss, the two
lovers stayed at each other's side and kept a quiet but
firm support for Lucifer. They were not worried that
their Lord wasnot present. That surely was a good thing.
It meant he was free to operate and eventually free his

army. When the Archdukes disappeared they nodded
their heads knowingly and waited.

Cracks appeared in the walls of the Abyss, and
Kishar and,Ashur quickly challenged the breach to-
gether. However, once they were free, the pull of the
Abyss separated thetwo lovers as they fought to anchor
themselves in the physical world.

Jeff Black, a Los Angeles County Sheriff, was driving
home from a double shift when a car pulled up alongside
him, The beat-up Cadillac rolled down its passenger
window and out came a shotgun. He was struck by both
shots and cut by the shatteringf his windshield, and he
lost control of his old Toyota truck. The Cadillac drove
off, leaving the Sheriff to die in the wreckage.

As Jeff Black slid into the blackness of death, Ashur
took up residence. In life Jeff had been a highly re-
spected officer, famous for his steadfast honesty. When
scandal after scandal tocked the LAPD and the LA
County Sheriff department, Jeff was aliways cleared. It
was this moral fortitude which resonated with the
searching Ashur. When he awoke he was not filled with
aneed for revenge but a fear for his family.

Officer Black had three children, and the last
pregnancy. had gone'badly for his wife who was still
bedridden from a broken pelvis. This meant that the
only financial support for the family was Jeff, and if
anything happened to him it would be disastrous for the
family. Ashur had known romantic love for Kishar, but
this potent desperate love overwhelmed him. Hardly
knowing what helgaedoing he pulled the now healed
body of Jeff Black from the twisted wreckage and walked
to the'nearest phone to call home. The relief when his
eldesé gitpiekediip the phone practically hurt Ashur.


80

From that time on his mind raged with a need to
make amends with the Almighty. Ashur has been
possessed by Jeff Black's need to protect his family, and
the thought that his girls could suffer because of the
hubris of the fallen causes him pain. The arguments of
the Reconcilers which had seemed so childish and
pathetic to him before now rang with truth. In this rush
of emotions, Ashur forgot about Kishar, his lost love.

When his lover found him he could not believe the
change in her. The one he remembered was kind and
loving, full of understanding, but the creature he found
himself talking with was harsh. Kishar showed no signs
of mercy and seemed willing to let all life die if Lucifer
so ordered. Try as he might, Ashur has not been able to
reach his lover. His feelings for her have not lessened,
however. Ifanything they have become stronger, but he
will not permit her blind loyalty endanger his children:

So as not to become a risk to Kishar now that she
has become the ruler of Los Angeles, Ashur has re-
moved himself from politics and willnot attend Court.
Instead he tries to work as much good as he can through
his job and community.

Image: Jeff Black was the stereotype of a cornéfed,
mid-Western, white good looks. He isa little oversix feet
tall and weighs close to two hundred and thirty pounds.

Roleplaying Hints: In spite of their sudden philo-
sophical differences, Ashur is still very like Kishar. He
very strict, especially with himself, and permits no gray
to confuse his view of the world. His love for Kishar is
stronger than ever but it ignewtinged with a fearofher
ruthlessness. In speech he issimple and straightforward.

Ashut ig'very scrupulous in avoiding politics be-
cause he does not want to become a burden to Kishar,
whois having enoughitrouble keeping theiity under
control. For now, nobody knows that Ashurand Kishar
know each other's True Name, but should that ever
change, life would become even harder for the belea-
guered Baroness.

Nature: Judge

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Com-
puter 1, Dodge 3, Drive 2, Empathy 1, Firearms 3,
Intimidation 3, Intuition 2, Investigation 2, Medicine 1,
Politics 1, Security 2, Stealth 2, Streetwise 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Eminence 2, Pacts 3,
Resources 1, Legacy 3

Willpower: 7

Faith: 8

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Beast

Lore: Beast 4, Flesh 2, Fundament 3, Humanity 2

City oF ANGELS

Minor PLAGERS

Vioter TAKAHASHICAMERETAT)

Violet Takahashi was born in an interment camp just
outside of Los Angeles during World War II. Her fatherhad
been a successful gardener before the war, but during, her
family was prisoner in their homeland. Although she hadno
memories of the time, her father's mind had been perma-
nently affected by his time there, and he vehemently
eschewed all things of his heritage. He forbade the speaking
of any language but English in his house, and the family
shrine his parents had maintained was thrown out.

Violet grew up under this harsh regime, and her only
solace was found in the new shrine which her grandpar-
ents built ina shed in the backyard. There she learned of
her ancestry and her future craft from the same man who
taught her father the secrets of the earth, her grandfather.
Her scholastic career was mediocre but her talent with
plant life was something to behold. She found steady
work designing Japanese gardens for the wealthy.

One night on way to her car she was pulled into an
alley by a rapist. There she was beaten and violated in
amost brutal manner, but she never stopped fighting. In
the end her body and spirit broke under the assault, and
the way for Ameretat was opened. The Devourer opened
her new eyes to seé the man who had assaulted her host
and exacted an immediate revenge.

Ameretat found the Infernal Court and took a posi-
tion under Lord Aglibol, who in turn secured her a post in
the massive botanical section of the Huntington Library.
Using the enormous talent of her host, Ameretat quickly
adyanced to run the gardens, and she always keeps at least
one garden closed for fallen to meet and train or stage
before launching an attack. Her political outlook is bitter
and harsh. She is a Ravener through and through.


Willpower: 7
Faith: 6

Torment: 8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Flesh
Lore: Flesh 2, Beast 2, Fundament 2

Moco(Kurr Tikes)

Moco was born Mauricio Gonzales. He was enormous
and stupid. By the time he was sixteen he towered over his
peers at six foot six, weighing nearly three hundred pounds.
He joined Nuestra Familia not out of any desire to commit
crime but because that is what his friends told him to do. His
leaders were clever enough not to use the giant for anything
other than standing in the background and looking mean.
He was arrested several times simply because he looked so
intimidating, and the police did not want to leave him
walking the streets where he could do untold damage.
Nobody noticed that Moco hated violence.

Eventually he was convicted of a murder his friend
had committed. Jneprison thé peaceful giant learned to
fight, and there he killed for the first time. He was still
released eaely on parole, and part of his serviGSavas to
work at the Windsor House as a groundskeeper The
work suited Moco toa "T." He severed all of his former
ties and lived on the grounds where helierkeds

Unfortunately for him, his former leaders did not like
to let such useful tools go without a fight. They sent
several foot-soldiers over tothe haunted house with
baseball bats and orders to return with a reinstated Moco
‘or else Moco's ears and nose. The confrontation went
poorly, and the giant managed to lay out four of his nine
assailants before succumbing to their bats and chains.

Kurttikeya had been a steady warrior for his cause and
(@@hde natural sympact{gyith the broken yours aaaanly
wanted peace and to keep his house clean. The attackers
had removed one ear when the fallen took control of the
body. Within moments the remaining assailants were no
more, and the Devourer was burying their corpses.

In the Blood Court, Kurttikeya, who is declared/as
a Faustian, works for Lady Inana in the Ministry of the
Bull. The stolid, defense orientation of the ministry is a
perfect fit for the Defiler warrior even though he does
not get along so well with his Rayenen Lady.

Willpower: 8

Faith: 6

Torment: 8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Beast
Lore: Beast 3, Flesh 3, Fundament 3

RosinJana(Miraki

Robin Jang was born in Korea, but his family moved
when he wasstilla child. Hence Robin has always viewed
himself as an American. Like so many other children of
immigrants, he existed between the heritage of his family

and the culture of the land he grew up in, and so became
accepted by neither and mistrusted by both:

The strain became so great that Robin searched for
succor in the rampant drug culture. There no one cared
about who he was but accepted him asa fellow loser. To
support his habit Robin worked for a minor dealer as a
collector. Although not imposing in size or bearing
Robin was highly adept with baseball bats, and he knew
how to control his temper so that he only hurt his targets
a little. It did not do to inflict unnecessary damage.

When his employer developed aspirations beyond
his station Robin began to work as a bodyguard for the
dealer. He died in a drive-by shooting which targeted
his boss. The hit was a success, but as Robin lay dying,
Hiaken took possession of his body. To ensure there
would be no further threats to this body and to extract
a modicum of revenge Hiaken hunted down and killed
the rival dealer and most of his gang.

In the Infernal Court; Hiaken works under Fell Knight
Guanli. This means thatHiaken does very little forthe court
because the Lion Ministry is fairly inactive under Guanli's
absentee leadership. This is something Hiaken resents
because he is aware of the existence of the Blood Court and
wishes to eradicate them, but as of right now his warnings
have not been heard. Philosophically Hiaken is a Recon-
ciler, and is close friends with Vohu Mano. Lately he has
been acting asa kind of bodyguard for that Devourer.

Willpower: 6

Faith: 6

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Flesh

Lore: Flesh 3, Beast 2, Fundament 1, Humanity 1

Bric-er-Brac(Aziianp Danak

Bric-et-Brac were born twins. Daniel and Danielle
Montague grew up in middle class suburbia in the Tri-
County Area. All of their lives they knew they were
different. They couldinot understand why; their parents
were so upset with them when they were discovered
exploring each others bodies late one night. Though
beaten and punished the two continued to explore their
sexuality, atfirst with each other, then with other partners.

Through this process they discovered that they pre-
ferred members of theirown sex for coupling, but nobody
interested them romantically. As they grew older they
both became interested in dance to express themselves
and they took the stage name Bric-et-Brac to mask their
blood relationship. In this environment they flourished
until Danielle had the misfortune to attract the eye of a
tich old man whowas looking for a new mistress.

The old lecher pursued Danielle, and though she
resented his attentions, neither she nor her brother knew
how to confront the old man. In the end the wo decided
tocommitsuicide by breathing the exhaust fumes of their

8t

car. Into theit bodies came the souls of pair of fallen
lovers who had leapt from the Abyss together, Azhi and
Dahaki assumed control of the twins, and resumed their
ancient love affair with a new passion. They use this
passion to inspire Faith from the audience8 in the Hallow
Cube where they frequently go to.reap.

Politically they serve Fell/Knight Ravana's! Lion
Ministry. Like her Infernal Court counterpartand lover,
Ravana is an absentee head of her ministry. The differ-
ence is that Azhi and Dahaki do not allow this lack of
leadership to prevent them from attacking those they
perceivé'as being threats to the Blood Court. They are
planning to replace Ravanaas soon as possible. Theyare
Raveners of the most intense kind.

Willpower: 7/8 (Azhi/Dahaki)

Faith: 6/7

Torment: 8/8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Flesh (same
for both)

Lore: Flesh 2, Beast 2, Fundament 2 (same for both)

BrrPLaders

CARMEN Panial(MomaAtHA)

Carmen's love of zoology (and the factshe wasstudying
it at USC) was the beacon that brought Moira the demon
into her body. Carmen never died — she merely become so
destitute and depressed after being raped by her own boy-
friend that she was left a sleeping vessel fresh for possession.
Now, with Moiraatthe wheel, Carmen hasdevelopedanew
lease on life, becoming active socially on campus (going so
far as to join the Phi Mu academic sorority) and pushing
ahead once again in her classes. Moirathaswas so lost in
Carmen's stil-living memory that she barely recognizes

Ciry oF ANGELS

herself.as demon, and still considers herself to be "Carmen
Parigi." Despite the confusion, Moira loves humanity and
actively believes people can be shepherded into new arenas
of knowledge, and constantly attempts to pursue this plan
with single-mindedness. Unfortunately, Moiratha had sig-
nificant power before the Abyss, and some eyes have looked
toherasanew fallen, easily manipulated. Soon these forces
may move to control her.

Dr. VINCENT Gad (OMITSUNG)

Omitsunu knows, due to his psychiatrist host, that the
human mind is both a record of information and a sea of
emotion. What the doctor did not realize was just how
easily manipulated these two elements are — the mind
could be used like a hammer ora pair of tweezers, delicately
dissecting knowledge or smashing square pegs into circle
holes. The demon realizes it, however. Dr. Gau wasa chief
administrator at the Los Angeles County Rehabilitative
Hospital, an asylum focusing on cautious, compassionate
rehabilitation of the:critinally insane: Since Omitsunu
has taken over'after Gau took a fall down aset of steps, the
hospital:has slowly grown to adopt harsher "rehabilita-
tions," experimental medicating techniques, and archaic
brain operations. One by one, the staff was fired (or
subyerted),'and now Gau exists in a realm of his own
creation, a pristine veneer of the psychiatric community
on the outside, and alunatic hell on the inside that grows
worse by the week. Gau lies somewhere between Faustian
and Ravener, and once he makes his experiments "public"
tothe fallen community, he will become strongradarblip
that both Courts will seek to recruit or destroy.

Mois Vazourz,(Nux)

Nobody knows where "Molly Vazquez" is from —
only that she is beautiful, porcelain-skinned, and has a
lustrous Spanish accent. No records exist for her "mortal
hody," and shes essentially a mystery. A mysterylworth
looking into, for she has recently entered the demonic
arena of the City of Angels with an impressive gambit —
she procured hard-to-obtain real estate offof Manhattan
Beach and built a night-club there from the ground-up.
Called The Kingdom, it'sasprawling, four-floor monstros-
ity with furniture and fixtures from countless time periods

— including ones that haven't happened yet. One thing
is consistent it's all dark, there's a lot of neon, and it's
become one of LA's quickest-to-the-top hot spots for the
chic Hollywood crowd. Nyx (who prefers to be called
Molly) has placed herself on the fourth floor of this club
every night since the elub's opening, and stays there from
open toclose every night There she waits for other fallen
to come to her (and they do), where she acts as an
information broker, doling out diamonds of information
among dogs. Nobody knows where she gets her data from,
and some grow increasingly curious — but no matter
what, everybody pays to get at what she knows.


Crivpren THREE

MauTrapi ABOLHASSAN (THAUTHOS)

Muhtadi was a professor of Egyptology and mythol-
ogy in early days, and in his later days he was a librarian
at the County of Los Angeles' main public library. Bone
cancer felled him, and Thauthos entered. The demon.
was a great archivist, a cataloguer of angel deeds during
the Rebellion, much of what went on (and specifically
"who-did-what") during that time of dissent was
Thauthos' domain. He seeks to resume this position,
and has enthralled a number of students across the Los
Angeles area (primarily from UCLA) to whom he
promises knowledge in an exchange for them to "spy"
on the movements of other fallen. Thauthos thinks he
remembers much from the ancient days before the
Abyss, and he's right to a degree — problem is, he
doesn't remember it all correctly, and can be found
disseminating incorrect information about the prehis-
tory of Man to other fallen, causing new grudges and
favors to flare up because, in truth, a lot of the other
fallen don't remember correctly either.

Acenr Marcus Kearns Saavitan),

Sauvitar was once a great military strategist among
the fallen angels, aiding the Ebon Legion particularly in
elements of defense. Sauvitar knew how to notonly take
a city, but how to keep it. Only recently has Sauvitar
escaped from the Abyss, and he hasdiscovered the body:
of an FBI forensics expert, Maréus Keyes. Keyes is an
enormous African-American agent, and Sauvitar rel-
ishes in the physical threat intrinsic to Keyes' imposing
form and also enjoys the finely honed mind that the man
had. Sauvitar mistakenly interprets the FBI as a mortal
military institution, and has been acting accordingly
while "on the job," drawing undue attention from human'
superiors. The demon: has also offered himself up to
Kisharas an untapped resource of military strategy, but as
yet her pride hasn't allowed her to accept his offer. He
continues to catalogue the fallen of the city and deter-
mine how'they can be used/in the éoming days.

Ep KeLNERCADRIEL)

Ed Kelner was @ computer programmer for Sunburst
Software in the Silicon Valley, and was fortunate enough
to invest in some of the rare dot-com's that actually didn't
drop through the floorafter ayeator two. He was the model
ofthe moder American man—slightly overweight, with
a wife, two children, economy ear, and ahelisesin Tor-
rance. Healso had good old American heartdisease, which'
left his body fresh for Adriel, a reclusive demon with a
hundred grudges from the Time of Babel and a ton of
Torment. Kelner's mind tempered Adriel, however, but it
caused something of a clash of minds — one mind seeks
revenge (or preemptive action against revenge) against
the fallen of Los Angeles for perceivediyrongsgAnother
mindis merely enjoying the redundancy ofthejob (and the
information it provides), the family life, the simplicity. As

such, Adriel spends a lot of time sitting on the beach in his
business clothes, pondering what to do next.

DonsaLD STEIN (ORIAS)

Orias never imagined that humans would create
their own forms of divination in the forms of "money"
and the "Stock Market" — but once he found this
information in suicidal stockbroker Donald Stein's mind,
it was only a matter of time before Orias began studying
the ebb and flow of money, and the cosmic predictions
that could be divined from it. Orias is obsessive, and has
taken Donald Stein's life and thrown it away in pursuit
of understanding and deciphering the blueprints hid-
den within the "ticker tape." He is poor and destitute,
barely eating and dressing in dirty suits, and occasion-
ally he will stumble into any fallen who will listen to
him about his predictions for Los Angeles and the
world-at-large. Most of his information is wildly specu-
lative, based on "findings" contained in the market
share information (obtained from the Internet, cable,
newspapers), but occasionally he hits one out of the
park. Problem is, nobody listened. Orias actually pre-
dictéd Lucifer's return in th s on Devil's Night, but
he was hastily ignored. If anyone remembers the predic-
tion he made, however, and how it came true, they'll
begin looking for Donald "Orias" Stein in earnest.

Sutvia Saran Woops (Manar)

The Luciferans have mounted an aggressive commu-
nications campaignwith other fallen, and with thepotential
sighting (or hoax) of Lucifer in the skies has forced the
Luciferans to focus this campaign on the City of Angels.
Manat — once Sylvia Sarah Woods, a journalist at the
Philadelphia Inquirer — is parbof this uncompromising
mission; She has recently come to LA and asserted herself
asa part of all fallen business, big and small 1e doesn't
seem to be interested in changing anything or affecting it
in any way, but merely seeks to know every facet of
information that could involve the Lightbringer. No one
has moved against her yet because of her association with
Lueiferan higher-ups (specifically Nazathor, Lucifer's sup-
posed "loyer"), but the time will come when significant
figures grow weary of Manat's probing, She will approach
new fallen in the city with persistence. Her personal belief
isthatLuciferhasreturned,and that the appearance ofhim
on DeviltsiNSGhE hatk@ns the coming of a new war.

SLayvERS

OLp Titpa (Nasa)

Like all the angels, Nasu loved her charges, but the act
of entropy horrified the ignorant humans and subsequently
made them afraid of the Seventh House. The Almighty's
edict cutcruelly into Nasu's core. She desperately wanted to
assure humanity that entropy was a natural, even beautiful,

8

3

thing, and that human beings had nothing to fear. A
creature of loveand used to the perfect love of the Almighty,
Nasu needed to be loved by the ones she helped oversee.

While the Great Debate raged Nasu remained
undecided, but when Lucifer decided to defy the Cre-
ator then Nasu chose to stand with the Morningstar.
This brought down the Almighty's curse. All of the
rebels from the Seventh House listened in horror when
Michael declared that humanity must die. The full
horror of this sentence came when the Slayers realized
that human souls upon dying passed beyond their knowl-
edge. Every other death was entirely undér their
command, but not their beloved humans:

To deal with this Nasu helped to construct a spiri-
tual realm which could house the souls of those followers
who fell in battle. It was meant as a temporary location
to keep the faithful nearby while the Seventh House
explored the mysteties of human deaths For hundreds of
years they worked, drawing upon the talents of Malefac-
tors and Devourers to assist the effort. Finally they
succeeded, and on that proud day Nasu stood back,
pleased with their efforts, and felta little of the pressure
of the Almighty's curse relieved.

Before the Slayers could begin their examinations of
what happened to the human soul, the warwas lost, and
the fallen were condemned to the Abyss. Here ‘a new
horror was discovered. Nasu, and many of her colleagues
who worked on creating this spiritual realm, were so
intertwined with its fabric that they could still feel itand
ona very limited level interact with it. So many Slayers,
not only felt the faint connection with the mortal world
but also with the realm of the dead. What was worse was
their temporary structure continued. It had not been
meant to last for millennia. Nasu had been so sure that

City oF ANGELS

she and brethren would discover the answer before long
that they never considered what would happen to the
spirits of humanity after thousands of years.

Like so many other theorists Nasu was too detached
from her emotions to become passionate. While other
Slayers became convinced that it was necessary to make
amends with the Almighty, Nasu sat and thought. She
did not necessarily disagree, but she wanted to study
carefully before she committed to a new course of action.
Many of her fellow Slayers felt the same way as she. What
she did not notice, as is common with theorists, is that
even though she did not become passionate, her emo-
tions were active, and she was becoming quietly resentful
towards the Almighty who could permit such pain and
agony to exist in the universe.

Undetected by either herself or others, madness
crept into Nasu's core. It is a quiet, almost calm, sort of
madness which could erupt, given the proper incentive,
ina firestorm of destruction. Then the first cracks were
noticed in the walls of the Abyss, and Nasu was one of the
first to enter the breach to see what lay on the other side.

Matilda was born mentally retarded in the back-
woods of Georgia. When her parents were forced to
send her to school by the government her condition was
first diagnosed, but her parents were too ashamed of
their backwards child to permit her to attend special
education. They decided she was simply willful, and the
only way to cure willfulness was with a nice, thick rod
liberally applied to the back and buttocks.

This failed to work, so the parents took the girl to
alocal holy man who did miraculous things with snakes
and poisons. There Matilda was subjected to multiple
snake bites on the theory thatthéserpent's poison could
drive the demon which possessed the girl and caused her
backwardness. This also failed to succeed. Another
parishioner, saddened by the retarded girl's torment,
rescued Matilda and ran to Atlanta.

In Atlanta, the savior died in an automobile acci-
dent. Matilda was left to fend for herself, but she did not
know how to do this, so she became one of the many
transients on the streets of Atlanta. Time and misery
eroded her spirit until she became known as Old Tilda.
One day Nasu arrived and was able to displace the soul
then possess the body.

Te did not take long for Nasu to make contact with
the Cryptics in Atlanta. Whereas many Demons found
their natures softened by the influence of their human
hosts, Nasu's host had the opposite effect. Old Tilda had
not the intellect to understand how she had suffered,
but Nasu did. However, just as before this Torment was
quiet, too quiet for the other fallen, who were busy
struggling with their own Torment, to notice.

When the Cryptics decided to launch an expedition
to Los Angeles, they quickly secured Nasu as an assistant


Cuaprer THREE

for Al-Lat. Her host's firsthand knowledge of the home-
less culture made her a valuable asset, and she helped
Chenrezig acclimatize himself to this culture. The two
quickly assimilated themselves in Los Angeles. Chenrezig
took Santa Monica, and Nasu staked out Hollywood. It
was there that Nasu recruited Michael Gutenov, the
owner/curator of the Museum of Death, as a thrall.

Working with Gutenov, Nasu formed a cult called
the Harvesters. For the mystery of what happened to the
human soul after death still preyed upon Nasu's mind,
but her unnoticed madness led her to an answer which
would have been abhorrent to her original self. She
decided to study death by kidnapping the homeless and
killing them. Of course with each death, Nasu slipped
deeper into her Torment, but as always her quiet and
thoughtful personality meant nobody really noticed.

The formation of the Blood Court actually slowed
Nasu down because Al-Lat ordered Nasu to accept the
post of All-Seeing Eye of the Eagle Ministry for the
second court, and the duties of this post occupied
enough of Nasu's time that she had to slow down her
cult's murderous activities. During this time Michael
Gutenov was fatally stabbed by one of the transients.
Afraid of losing her favorite thrall, Nasu called out toan
old friend, Hepat, to possess the body.

Devil's Night proved to be a greater temptation
then Nasu could resist. With Hepat at her side and her
faithful Harvesters, Nasu went on a killing spree. Once
again her slide into Torment is increasing out of her
control, but now people are noticing. Anat has noticed
alack of information from Nasu, and Al-Lat has started)
to suspect the true nature of the Harvesters'aCtivities.
Neither leader wants attention drawn. to them by the
carelessness of a follower, so Nasu could find herself in
a great deal of trouble in a short period of time.

Image: Old Tilda is bent and wrinkled leather
stretched thin across ofaframe of bones. Few appreciate
just how thin she is because of the-many.layers of
clothing she wears. Her clothes stink badly of body odor
and human‘waste. Her hair is a matted tangle of white,
but now her eyes gleam with an unexpected life.

Her voice is slow and nasally, and many people
think she is retarded. Old Tilda was, but Old Tilda is
now gone and Nasu reigns in her places;Nasu is not
retarded, but remains as mentally acute as‘ever. So. the
impression created by her voice is very deceptive.

Roleplaying Hints: The more Nasu kills, the
deeper she slides into Torment, and the deeper she
slides into Torment the more she desires to kill. Nasu
is caught in a vicious circle from which there is no,
escape except the very death she is pretending to
study. In many ways she is a tragic figure whose every
step was made with the best of intentions, but has
only made matters worse.

Nature: Autocrat
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Crafts 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Intuition 3, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Re
search 3, Subterfuge 3, Stealth 3, Streetwise 2
Background
Willpower: 7
Faith: 8
Torment: 8

Legacy 3, Pacts 3, Paragon 2

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Spirit
Lore: Spirit 3, Mortality 3, Realms 2

ManaBeriMoipen (Ravana)

In the time that followed Caine's crime, Ravana
became a creature of nightmares. Most Slayers rebelled
at the idea of killing — their affinity with that aspect of
nature did not make them murderous. Instead it tended
to make them the opposite, but when one became
twisted as Ravana, the result was horrifying. She moved
through enemy troops like a scythe through wheat, and
when there were no battles to be had she hunted the
hills surrounding an enemy city to find targets.

Herskillin battle didnot escape the attentions of her
superiors, and they repeatedly tried to promote her above
the rank of Fell Knight, yet Ravana always refused. She
hadno talent for groups or desire to work with others. She
was an isolated and lonely creature who preferred the
solitude her rank allowed her to indulge in, and no
amount of inducement could persuade her to give up her
title. The danger of isolation, however, is that it prevents
one from realizing when one has gone to far or when one
is breaking away from sanity.

85,

86

The other benefit it afforded her was the privacy to
pursue an idea that occurred to her during the last days of
the war when she managed to absorb part of an enemy
Angelasshe destroyed him. It took her several more efforts
to reproduce the effect, but she did manage it again.

Then came the imprisonment in the Abyss and the
Torment. Again Ravana's solitary habits made her situ-
ation worse than it was for others. She felt all the pain
that the other fallen felt, but with no one to share the
burden of this pain, she went mad under the burden she
bore alone. Every demon avoided her because she was
prone to lash out at anything that moved regardless of
who it might be, and she found herself wondering if she
could absorb the lore of other demons as well as Angels.

Mary Beth Holden was first molested when she was
only three. Her father and uncle used her and her sisters to
satisfy their needs well into Mary Beth's teens when they
died at the hands of Mary Beth's mother who died herself
intheattack. This left Mary Beth to the merciesofthe local
orphanage. Here her lot did not improve because the man
in charge used his charges to run a teenage porn ring, and
Mary Beth soon became his favorite.

This continued until Mary Beth turned eighteen
and became too old to be of use to the counselor. The
suddenness of his abandonment her snapped something
in her victim mentality, and Mary Beth attacked the
counselor with a pair of scissors while he slept. Terrified
by what she had done and fully aware of the conse-
quencesshestayed, Mary Beth ranaway. She hitchhiked
her way across America intent on reaching Los Ange-
les. Along the he slept with anyone who gave her.
a ride, chiefly truckers, and hated them for using her:

One night a trucker became rough, and later, as he
slept, she cut his throat with his own,pocket knife. The
moment was one of exhilaration. Like an addict Mary
Beth wanted to experience it again, and so the next
trucker to pick her up,died in a lonely motel room.
Leaving bodies behind her likeycrumbs Mary Beth
worked her way west, but the horrors of her life had
numbed her and rendered her soul sympathetic to
Ravana who easily displaced Mary Beth.

In' Los Angeles, Ravana found no place for herself.
Spentu Mainyu acknowledged her but gave herno position
in the court. Not that Ravana wanted one: She had already
been recruited by Manishtusu, and she sétved the Lord of
Murder wholeheartedly. Later, when Spentu Mainyu was
helping to form the Blood Court, she was offered the post of
Lord General of the Lion Ministry for that court. At
Manishtusu's insistence she accepted the post.

Then Ravana met Guanli, who happened to be her
opposite number in the Infernal Court. The two fell to
talking. It was something neither Ravana nor Marty
Beth had ever known — ease of speech and relaxation.
No matter what was said to Guanli he was not repulsed,

Crry oF ANGELS

and in fact when Ravana let slip her idea for absorbing
the lore of other fallen Guanli became quite interested.
Soon the two decided to work together to experiment
with the idea and Ravana was madly in love.

Over the next several months the two worked well
togetherand the love became mutual. Devil's Night was
like a holiday for the duo, and by the time it was over
they had, counting all their previous victims together,
killed and absorbed sixteen fallen. Guanli is still cau-
tious, not wanting to be caught, but Ravana is finding
it harder and harder to restrain herself. She is free ina
way she never dreamed possible and is most reluctant to
go back to the way things were.

Image: Mary Beth is strikingly attractive, with a
well-rounded figure and bright, green eyes. Her skin
bears numerous scars from her childhood and her life on
the road, which she takes some pains to conceal.

Roleplaying Hints: Ravana is an obvious villain.
Ravana tends to make people uncomfortable because
she tends to sita little too close when talking and stares
a lot. Her voice is quiet, almost impossible to hear ina
crowd, and her vocabulary is limited because of her poor
education. She is more cunning than she is smart.

Nature: Fanatic

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Drive 2,
Firearms 2, Intimidation 3, Intuition 3, Medicine 2,
Stéalth 3, Streetwise 3, Survival 2

Backgrounds: Pacts 2, Paragon 2, Eminence 2,
Legacy 2

Willpower: 6

Faith: 9

Torment: 8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Mortality

Lore: Mortality 4, Spirit 4, Realms 3, Fundament3,
Humanity 3

MrnNor PLAGERS

Mar Wrst (ERIsHKAGEL)

Mae West's:past is unknown. He first appeared in
Hollywood in the late seventies when asexual looks were
all the rage. Within months of arriving the youngman, due
to taking an enormous quantity of LSD, suffered massive
brain damage and a severe break with reality. During this
time he developed the delusion that he was Mae West.

As time progressed this delusion was encouraged
by the counterculture which delighted in watching
this mentally deficient man parade around in clumsy
drag claiming to be a long dead star from the Golden
Age of Hollywood. This sight became even more


CrpTER THREE

comical because Mae West was homeless and had no
access toa razor, so he became a bushy-bearded man in
a sequined dress and an almost baritone voice.

His brush with death came one night when an unex-
pected cold snap hit Los Angeles, and Mae West was
caught out sleeping under a bridge in a cardboard box. It
was Erishkagel who took possession of this sad transient.
She did not change any part of his life, and in fact makes
excellent use of his degraded stature to watch the comings
and goings of the city without attracting undo attention.

In this capacity, Erishkagel works for the Blood
Court's Eagle Ministry. With Lady Nasu losing her
sanity this Slayer is planning to replace her boss, and so
frequently holds back information from Nasu. This only
Nasu even more ineffective in her job and
the chances that Erishkagel will assume the
tole of the Lidless Eye. Like so many others in the Blood
Court, Erishkagel is a confirmed Ravener.

Willpower: 6

Faith: 6

Torment: 7

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Mortality

Lore: Mortality 2, Spirit 2, Realms 1

Michtace Gurenoy (Hepar)

Michael Gutenov has been obsessed with death for
as long as he can remember. Asa child he only enjoyed
movies where the hero died or somehow suffered. He
enjoyed catching insects and watching their death
throes as he stuck them through the body with a pin.
When his family got a dog he used to kick the animal
and then see ifhe could lure it back to his side by talking
sweetly and offering it a dog biscuit. These cruelties
escaped the attentions of his parents who were too busy
making money and having affairs.

When his parents died during Michael's eighteenth
year, leaving the young»man_a considerable sum of
money, he decided to open a museumdedicated to his
favorite subject: death, He wrote to various imprisoned
serial killers asking for trinkets. He acquired objects
suchas original paintings from Gacy and an autographed
baseball from Manson, tidbits of questionable taste but
of great interest to the booming gothic culture.

Nasu had little difficulty recruiting Michael asa thrall,
and together they formed cult called the Harvesters who
eventually gave up studying death passively to pursuing it
actively. The primary targets for this cult were the hapless
homeless so abundant around the City of Angels, and for
awhile they acted with impunity, until one night when
Michael was stabbed through the chest by a transient who,
did not wish to go silently into that good night.

Rather than lose this useful thrall completely, Nasu
summoned an old friend, Hepat, to assume the emptied
shell. Overjoyed to be freed from her millennia of

imprisonment Hepat quickly swore to serve Nasu, and
soon the two old friends were harvesting even more souls
with their cult. Like her boss in the Eagle Ministry, Hepat
is rapidly losing control to his Torment. In the Abyss he
had declared for the Cryptics, but together with Nasu he
is becoming a Ravener of the worst description.

Willpower: 6

Faith: 7

Torment: 8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of Mortality

Lore: Mortality 3, Spirit 3, Fundament 1

‘Trp-9 (HARAPHAEL)

Trip-9 was born Marvin Bragg in South Central Los
Angeles. He grew up in the extreme poverty and vio-
lence of that community. He never knew enough about
the world to understand that his condition was unusual,
or that other opportunities were available outside of
South Central. Instead he acclimated himself to the
brutality of that life and flourished.

He acquired the nickname Trip-9 for his tendency to
carry three 9mm handguns with himatall times, one under
each arm and another hooked onto the back of his belt.
Like most gang members he was a terrible shot because he
never actually practiced with the guns, but rather reliedon
the intimidation inherent to guns to achieve his ends.

Twice he was convicted of armed robbery, but always
served his time quietly and so was granted early parole.
Upon his exit from his second prison sentence, Trip-9
was shot by a member of his own gang as revenge for an
affair Trip-9 had with the other man's wife. Haraphael
Ook possession of the young man's body and immedi-
ately slaughtered the shooterybut this happened at the
coming-out party throwntfor Trip-9.by his family. So
Haraphael's use of his'Apocalyptic form happened in full
view of dozens ofpeople, which quickly became a legend
on thestreets, and attracted the attention of Manishtusu.

The Lord of Murder reached the Slayer before the
Infernal Court did, and Haraphael became a willing
servant to the Earthbound. During the Devil's Night
Riots it was Trip-9 and some thralls who defended the
Empire Market from the ravages of the riots. This wason
the orders of Manishtusu who wanted the wounds of the
terrible critie'which had happened there to remain an
open wound which could torment the community.

Before hises¢ape from the Abyss, Haraphael had never
declared for any Faction, but had always leaned towards the
Raveners on the principal that if everything had to die
anyway then he wanted to be the one wielding the scythe.

Willpower: 5

Faith: 6

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Spirit

Lore: Spirit 3, Realms 2, Fundament 2

87

88

Psucrio(Mor)
Psycho wasa frail child, frequently si
adult he never grew past five foot two or weighed more
than one hundred pounds. For this physical deficiency
he was unmercifully mocked as a lad, and fiercely
bullied as a teen. In response Jeremiah Williams, for
that was his name, developed a ferocious temper and a
propensity for using weapons at the least provocation.
He choose the nickname Psycho for himself and set
about making it stick by unnecessarily attacking a
number of boys bigger than himself with baseball bats
and tire irons, until he was feared and respected as a
dangerous man. By the time he was sixteen, he was
serving time in the California Youth Authority for
murder. He was released at the age of twenty-one and
was well on his way back to prison although this time as
an adult when he was gunned down by a rival gang.
He was shot in the front yard of his girlfriend's
house where he was visiting to see his daughter when
the automatic rifle began shooting. By the time the
shooting was done all three (father, mother and child)
were lying in a bloody pool on the porch, but Psycho did
not stay down. Mot had taken possession of the body.
The Slayer Motwasa terror of the war, and in this new
incarnation he found the perfect vehicle to continue with
his pastime of genocide. Mot had been an open supporter
of Manishtusu during the war, and chance brought the two
back together now. Mot serves the Lord of Murder as his
chief protector in the Nickerson Garden Projects.
Willpower: 6
Faith: 6
Torment: 7
Apocalyptic Form: The Visage ofthe Realms
Lore: Realms 3, Mortality 2, Humanity 2

City oF ANGELS

Bir PLAgERS

PETER GOLD (BRASHEMATID

When Brother Gold became the minister of the
Crystal Congregation, aneo-Unitarian church in Pas:
dena, his message is simple: God rewards humankind
based on their faith. Strong Christians receive earthly
wealth and physical health as proof of their faithfulness.
"If you have the faith of an immortal being, you will
never die!" His congregational ranks swelled with the
terminally ill striving for the necessary spiritual strength.
Peter enjoyed all the benefits afforded him as minister
of a profitable church when he himself was diagnosed
with cancer. As Brother Peter's essence shattered under
the realization that his own faith was insufficient,
Bashemath stepped into Gold's mortal shell.

Bashemath believes that death is a reminder of
man's original sin and envisions nothing less than a
return to Eden. Congregation members proselytize pa-
tients at clinics and hospitals, and Bashemath's sermons
are televised each Sunday.

Der ANson(SHEMAIAID

Shemaiah had always been alone. Even fora Slayer,
she had remarkable difficulty interacting with others.
Duringher millennia ofhellish imprisonment, Shemaiah
realized that she had joined Lucifer's rebellion out of a
need to belong — even when her involvement had
mortalized the humans she adored. When she awoke to
find herself a homeless outcast, something broke deep
within®'Dee Anderson had cared only for the heroin
that eventually destroyed her mind, but Shemaiah
hovered about the crowded places where tourists shopped
and laughed. Whenever sheouldicatch a mortal's eye,
she gave them a gift. To some she gave the knowledge
that a beloved child would die unborn, to.some, whis-
pered messagés from a relative years dead. Soon the
police avoided speaking and locals studied the sidewalk
when she passed. Her progress along any given street is
marked by the gasps of her victims.

Niae Moorcock (RSHEMESH)

Nigel Moorcock was an aspiring actor. Supporting
himselfby posing on the street in haunting vignettes, he
won, some lo¢al fame for his portrayal of the angel
GabrielyHe stumbled upon a gang of youths harassing
an elderly Woman, and rashly intervened. His face
slashed and all hope of an acting career gone, Nigel tried
to kill himself and Irshemesh possessed the body. A
minor player in the war, Itshemesh concluded that
God's plan was still in action and that the fallen still had
toles to play.

Garbed in Nigel's most famous costume, Irshemesh
seeks the fracture points of human society. He reveals his
fearsome glory to criminalsand victims alike, convincing


CHprer THREE

them that demons are real. Among the squalid tene-
ments north of LA residents whisper that the Angel of
Death is come and that the Apocalypse is at hand.

Ronn Parks (BiZjoTHA)

Bizjothja possessed Medical Examiner Ronni Parks
when she offered herself as a vessel for any being that
could bring justice to her daughter's killer. Four-year-
old Jessica was kidnapped from the daycare playground,
and when her mutilated body was found two weeks later
in the desert, Jessica's grieving mother insisted on
attending the autopsy. The evidence of rape and torture
was horrific. There wasno human witness. But Bizjothja
was able to coax the dead child's spirit into revealing her
killer's name and both mother and demon took great
satisfaction in his destruction.

Now Bizjothja uses her skills to assist the police, and
she uses her position as Medical Examiner to search for
answers. Her sojourn in Hell was enough to curb any
impulsive reactions. She is determined to find outas much
information as possible before choosing sides this time.

ISABELLA Linb JAHALEEL)

She fell ill on her third birthday and was rushed to
the hospital before blowing out the candles on her cake.
"Poor Bella," the nurses murmured. It took about two
weeks for the poison Mommy placed in her milk each
night to be purged, but as soon as she came home again
little Bella became sick. At five, she lost her hair — at
six, her teeth. Then Bella started breaking bones. Once
she tripped over Mommy's foot and fell down the stairs.
"Don't move without Mommy's help," said Daddy. So
Bella stopped moving completely — didn't eat) didn't
talk, didn't think.

Jahaleel came after that. Angry Jahaleel knew what it
was to be punished and hurt by those she trusted. Now
Mommy issick, and Daddy —andallthe children at school.
Jahaleel always gives them what they want — almost. The
sooner this sick world ends, the better for everyone.

Raut Lopez (Barak)

Once Barak was the shining hero — Achilles to
Lucifer's Odysseus. In the War, none stood before him,
andunlike his fellows, Barak reveled in his tasks. "Why
should we set the humans above all othercreation? It
is good that they also should die and allowthe species to
progress." Known and respected, feared and revered,
Barak stood close to Lucifer at the end.

Graduate-student Raul Lopez first heard the voices
speaking to him in his twentieth year. The radio warned
him that his parents planned to kill him, so he shot them
first. In the hospital,a broken Raul received antipsychotics
but it was difficult to function through the medication
and guilt. Then Barak found entrance and orchestrated
an escape. The spirits of the dead were attuned to this
mortal shell, and they whispered to Barak in millions of
voices, visited him in thousands of forms. "Kill the
mortals. Kill the Earth. Armageddon is nigh."

Joucr ALLEN (UIGAL)

At the dawn of the Great War, a family of humans
befriended the fallen Yigal. Slayers had ever been outcasts
amongst the Eloihim, but amongst the Children of Elias
she felt acceptance. When God's curse of mortality befell
Elias and his kin, Yagil offered Elias a token of her love.
"Throughout time I will watch your children. Mine shall
be the only hand which raises them, and the only hand
which guides them home." Consigned to hellish torment,
Yigal most regretted the breaking of that promise.

Yigal possessed the body of Joyce Allen, wife of a
local politician, after her attempted suicide. While
Joyce had been worn down by the banality around her,
Yagil was astounded by humanity's collective potential.
Pushing Joyce's husband onto a national stage, Yagil
exerted her political influence to benefit favored chari-
ties—the Terminal Children's Fund and a personal
program for at-risk teens. True to a promise millennia
old, she searches for Elias's progeny.

PRedJAcops(GavniL)

They say photographs capture the soul. Fred Jacobs
lived by night, traveling the stréets of LA, searching for
his next subject. Fred's ‘timing was uncanny. He had
made a name for himself—a black photographer in a
time when it was white man's work—by capturing spirit
amongstthe squalor. But time took its toll. Long nights
away from his wife ruined his marriage, and long hours
walking the streets dissolved into long days drowning
regrets at the bar.

Hell had done nothing to dampen Gavril's idealistic
beliefs. The human soul's unparalleled beauty was worth
any price. Refining Fred Jacob's vision, Gavril sought the
moment of death, and eased men over the threshold
while capturing, their passage on film. Images of true
belief shining through the eyes of death have become
internationally popular. Jacobs is now in great demand,

89


Who is more responsible, the tyrant who oppresses the
people, or the people who produce the tyrant?

Praxedis Guerrerro, Regeneracion

In the first days of the Rebellion, Lucifer organized
the fallen into five legions, and gave them dominion
over the Earth and its creatures. Each legion was
oranized into.a distinct, but egalitarian hierarchy,
The commander of the legion was an archduke and
master of one fifth of the world, second only to the
Morningstar himself, first among equals. Below the
archdukes came their dukes, who held sway over entire
continents in the name of their archduke. These dukes
were served in turn by a nutaber of powerful barons,
each ong overseeing a Vast principaliny. Below.them
overlords were responsible for numerous cities and
villages each administered in turn by a fallen lord.

(CAG

Each lord commanded one or more companies of fallen
warriors through their champions and lieutenants, the
fell knights, who presided over the many proud bas-
tions defending the lord's territory and led the charge
against the forces of the enemy

Unlike the Heavenly Host, one's position within
the legions of the fallen was not fixed. Promotions to
the higher ranks — or demotions for some failing
were expected and common, particularly among the
lower ranks. While it was rare for an overlord or baron
tobe displaced, lords and fell knights often saw promo-
tion, particularly as superiors were themselves
promoted, or fell in battle and needed to be replaced.


The legions were not timeless and permanent like the
Hosts of Heaven, but ever changing, adapting to the
needs of the war.

Their duty to humanity uppermost in their minds,
the fallen arranged themselves into courts to adminis-
ter, oversee, and protect their mortal charges. The
purpose of these feudal courts was to support the local
fallen tyrant and provide the resources necessary for
him to carry out his duties, including protecting the
mortal populace, marshalling the local warriors to join
the forces of the legion in battle, and administering the
resources of his region for the use of the legions. Thus,
a fallen knight typically ruled a particular village or
settlement as its tyrant. He organized his vassals,
anywhere from 10 to 100 low-ranking fallen, to see to
the needs of the village and its people, the protection
of the area, and was personally responsible for the
fitness of all of the troops under his command when his
lord summoned them to fight on behalf of their legion.
The duties of each court, regardless of size, were broken
down and administrated through the offices of five
different ministries, each with their own internal orga-
nization that supported and to some extent paralleled
the court's structure. The heads of these five ministries
comprised the pentarchy, an advisory council that
reported to the local tyrant on the state of the court
and made recommendations to higher courts on local
matters of succession if the tyrant was promoted,
demoted or slain.

Whatever else the fallen became in the blackness
of the Pit, they remain creatures of hierarchy and
order, compelled to define their possessions, duties and
rank relative to the other demons in their vicinity.
Restoring the court system upon their release y
second nature to many fallen, particularly in the face
of outside threats such as demon-hunters and the
implacable Earthbound. Since the highest-ranking
fallen remain bound by the chains of the Abyss, many
of these nascent courts have grown up around dutiful
lords or fell knights seeking to pave the way for the
return of their feudal masters, while other demons see
the chaos of the current situation as a golden opportu-
nity to claim rank and authority far beyond their
once-lowly station.

The infernal court is still the heart of fallen soci-
ety, and any demon who aims to get ahead must
become involved with courtly politics sooner or later.
Although their traditional roots stretch back quite far,
the current infernal courts are all still in their infancy,
offering plenty of opportunities for ambitious demons
to secure positions of power and influence for the first

Cry oF ANGE!

time. Currently the courts are still taking shape in
many cities, with more and more demons appearing
and claiming what they consider their rightful place
among the emerging hierarchy.

THE
ORGANIZATION OF THE COURT

There are numerous infernal courts taking shape
across the World of Darkness, from the small holdings
ofa fell knight to the domain of a would-be duke. Each
lesser court owes fealty to one above it, and so forth on
to the summit of the demonic hierarchy. Thus the
larger courts are always made up of smaller courts, each
with their own areas of interest and influence. The
greatest infernal courts across the world contain wheels
within wheels; a vast maze of interlocking loyalties and
duties among the demon lords and their subordinates.

Of course, a would-be tyrant can only claim as
much territory as he has the strength and the courage
to hold. Most holdings cover no more than a single
city, neighborhood or street, and rival courts fre-
quently arise to vie for control ofa particularly valuable
locale. Without the added might of a feudal superior to
bolster their authority, modern tyrants are more de-
pendent than ever on their ministers and their agents
to solidify their control. What is more, they must
always be on guard against more powerful rivals, par-
ticularly neighboring lords seeking to expand their
realm. The difference between bending one's knee to
anew master and adding new vassals to one's kingdom
depends on equal measures of adroit diplomacy, cun-
ning strategy and brutal applications of force.

Most modern courts claim little more than a
neighborhood within a larger city or the entirety of a
small, isolated town —only a rare few hold sway over
entire cities and the territory immediately beyond.
While a court can theoretically claim authority over
all of the fallen within its domain (including those
simply passing through), in practice there are various
independents, outcasts, renegades, and others (par-
ticularly the Earthbound) who exist beyond the court's
reach. In some cases, more than one court will claima
particular area as their own, leading to shadow wars
between the two rivals. Typically such power struggles
end when one rival is subjugated or driven away, with
prisoners or survivors assimilated into the ranks of the
victor, though in rare cases the combatants can find
themselves stalemated, leading to a partitioning of
territories and an uneasy truce between rivals.

‘Tur, RULING RANKS
Fallen society is hierarchical, a feudal pyramid of
loyalties and duties. Small territories and domains are


Cuaprer Four

overseen by fell knights, who owe their loyalty to local
lords, who owe their loyalty in turn to their overlord,
the baron, and finally their duke. Each rank in the
social order has a particular function and oversees a
particular level of demon society, though their num-
bers and influence vary widely in the modern World of
Darkness as some among the fallen lay claim to titles
and authority without the sanction of their masters.

ARCHDUKE,

The highest-ranking demons in Creation next to
Lucifer himself, the five archdukes were chosen by
the Morningstar to command his legions in the war
against Heaven. These fearsome angels — Belial,
Abaddon, Dagon, Asmodeus and Azrael — each held
sway over a fifth of the infernal host, and the entire
world was divided up between them. Each archduke
held absolute power over millions of souls, both
human and fallen, and tens of millions of square miles
of the virgin earth.

The five archdukes vanished at some point after
their imprisonment in the Abyss, drawn from the Pit
by forces unknown to the fallen. In the wake of their
disappearance, many powerful dukes vied for their
place as the penultimate leaders of the fallen, but
their efforts only succeeded in further splintering the
loyalties of the infernal host. To date, no escaped
demon has dared claim the title of archduke for
himself, doubtless aware that such a presumption
would demand a challenge from every tyrant within
his purported domain.

Dake,

During the War of Wrath an archduke was served
by acouncil of trusted dukes who acted as his lieuten-
ants and commanded the Legion's largest corps. These
angels commanded the loyalty of hundreds of thou-
sands of fallen and watched over an equal number of
mortals across the breadth of entire continents. With
the disappearance of the archdukes, these demons are
the highest-ranking fallen remaining in the Abyss,
and their struggles for dominance have only grown
more intense in the wake of the great Maelstrom.

To date, no demon loose upon the earth has the
level of power and authority sufficient to claim the
title of duke, though to many presumptive barons
stretching their talons across the globe, it's only a
matter of time.

Baron

During the war the Legions' many brigades were
commanded by the barons of the host, each one
commanding tens of thousands of rebel angels and
governing thousands of square miles of territory plus

the human flocks that lived there. There were hun-
dreds of barons serving in the infernal host at the
height of the war, and this was the highest rank that
saw any tumover during the fighting. Those barons
who survived the war remain trapped in the Pit, but in
several majorcities sich as London, Paris, Los Angeles
and New York, one or more demons have assumed the
title-as a right of conquest: Such barons typically
maintain a personal retinue of 10 or more fallen and
command the loyalty of as many as 50 to 75 other
demons within the environs of a city and its surround-
ing suburbs — afar cry from the glories of old burstill
a formidable kingdom in the desperate times at hand.

OVERLORD

During the war, the fallen overlords commanded
each of the Legions' numerous battalions, holding
authority over several hundred angels and several
hundred square miles of terrain, including fallen
bastions and human settlements. Overlords were
closer to the routine affairs of the fallen masses in
general, the bridging the gap between the lower ranks
of lords and knights and the higher ranks of the
barons and dukes, and were frequently employed as
liaisons and advocates for this reason. None of the
host's surviving overlords have yet managed to es-
cape from the Pit, though there are scores of fallen
who claim the title across the globe, either asa reward
for supporting the authority of a presumptive baron
within a large city or by subjugating a group of weaker
lords and claiming control of a medium-sized city or
a group of small villages or towns. A typical overlord
maintains a small retinue of eight to ten fallen and
can command the fealty of 15 to 25 other demons
within his sphere of influence.

Overlords are often also the lords of a particular
part of theirdomain, making them "firstamong equals"
in the lords of the region. This means that overlords
often double their duties as both local lords and re-
gional overlords. The lord of the largest town in a
region may also be that region's overlord, for example.
This means that there are opportunities for ambitious
lords to become overlords, particularly if they garner
enough support in their region.

Lorb

Lords make up the backbone of the ruling class of
the fallen. During the war most fallen lords com-
manded a company of several hundred rebel angels and
anumberoffortressesand watchtowers covering enough
territory for a small country—now, most fallen lords
claim little more than a single city or collection of
small towns as their own. Each lord's infernal court is
a center of activity for the fallen in that area. The

98

demon lord maintains order in the bounds of the court
and handles matters such as enforcing the edicts of the
higher ranks, integrating newly-returned demons into
the court, dealing with renegades and potential en-
emies, and managing the court's resources. The lord
does this with the aid of the five ministries, and a
number of reliable retainers and underlings. A typical
lord in the modern World of Darkness maintains a
small retinue of up to five fallen and can command the
fealty of up to 10 to 15 demons within his sphere of
influence. A handful of demon lords have escaped the
Abyss since the advent of the Maelstrom, and many
fallen of low rank have assumed the title since gaining
their freedom, resulting in dozens of petty fiefdoms
attered across the globe.

While infernal lords wield a considerable amount
of power within their own domain, they are also
frequently beholden to the court of a more potent
demon in the area, which means that many lords are
under almost constant scrutiny, and must perform
their duties well or else their liege-lord may decide to
have them replaced. Lords of less important areas tend
to get away with more, but also have fewer resources
and less prestige within the infernal courts.

Pei Kxicn?

The lowest ruling rank among the fallen are the
fell knights, demons who have risen from the lower
ranks by virtue of skill and heroism on the field of war.
Fell knights are typically the primary vassals of fallen
lords, commanding small bands of demons and over-
seeing the bastions and settlements of the domain, but
they are also commonly found serving as champions in
the retinue of higher-ranking nobles. They may con-
trol small domains of their own, such as a particular
neighborhood or district, or they may oversee particu-
lar affairs within their lord's domain, suchas marshalling
soldiers in its defense, maintaining order, enforcing
the lord's will, and similar duties. New knights are
created at the lord's will from the lower ranks of the
fallen, and knighthood is often a promised reward for
faithful service. Most fell knights command the loyalty
of a handful of retainers in addition to the territories
they are charged with protecting, and in times of war
may be placed in command of larger groups of fallen
and human allies by their liege lord.

The liege-lord assigns a knight's duties, although
many knights are also tasked with serving the various
ministries that help run the court. Whereas knights
were nearly always troop-leaders and military gover-
nors during the war, they have many other duties now.
The use of overt force is rare for the infernal courts, so
knights who play the political and social games well
are sure to advance in the courts' service.

Ciry or ANGELS

‘Tue Lowrn RANKS

Beneath the ruling ranks of the fallen are the
majority of demons, who offer their loyalty to the
infernal court, obey the court's edicts and rules, and
otherwise go about their business, trying to curry the
court's favor and avoid its wrath as much as possible.
Most of the fallen are in this category: returned in
mortal flesh and struggling to regain some measure of
the powerand knowledge they once knew by gathering
faith to sustain themselves.

Promotion to the higher ranks of the court comes.
in one of two ways. The first is at the pleasure of the
demon's superiors, who may grant virtually any rank
below their own, although the decision can always be
reversed by a higher-ranking demon, if it meets with
their disapproval. The upper ranks hold out the possi-
bility of reward to keep their underlings loyal and
hardworking, at least when they think there's a chance
of earning a higher rank.

The other means of achieving rank within the
court is by seizing it, usually by arranging a coup of
some sort against a ranking demon and taking on
that position. If a demon gathers enough popular
support the courts have little choice but to recog-
nize the upstart's claim to a position of power and
influence. Of course, not all of the fallen are so
ambitious, or desire a position of power within the
court. They are also aware that a failed gambit to
acquire power can lead to exile, either outside the
court ora return to the Abyss, a fate all demons most
fervently wish to avoid.

Fallen in the lower ranks can still wield a measure
of power, perhaps even great power. For example, the
ministers within the court hold power and influence,
even though they do not necessarily possess ruling
rank. The ministers of the grand courts of the presump-
tive overlordsand barons areamong the most influential
of demons. Many ministers prefer their positions be-
hind the throne rather than upon it, feeling that it
offers them more protection when there isa figurehead
to draw the attention of would-be usurpers.

While the ministries and functionaries of the
court ensure that it runs smoothly and efficiently, the
leadership and ultimate responsibility for the court
rests in the hands of its ruler, formally known as the
tyrant. Though a court's tyrant possesses great influ-
ence and authority within his own domain, he also
knows that his every move is being watched by those


Craprer Four

Tue Nop ue Reninde,

Like mortal nobles and modern. celebrities,
demons of rank maintain retinues of fallen and
human thralls who serve ents, bodyguards and
status symbols. Newly-returned fallen are no differ-

ind often a demons first step on the path to
governance begins with the formation of a small
retinue to pursue his interests.

Retinues are comihon among the newly-re-
turned fallen; in some cases former members of a
lo taff will cross the globe to return to the

tvice of their liege, drawn by ancient ties: of
loyalty.and devotion. In other cases, beleaguered
fallen will cast their lot with any demon who
seems to possess the ambition and the ruthlessness
to prosper amid the perils of the modern world. In
return for their 1 ervice, a fallen noble is
obligated to reward his followers for their service
and devote a portion of hi urces to their
welfare. This arrangement has taken on even
greater significance in the wake of the angels' time
in the Abyss and the burden of Torment that mos
fallen bear. Asa lord
his retainers, he is obligated to take action if one
of his tetinue:is at risk of succumbing to her darker
nature, and vice versa.

The noble retinue is a good starting point for
many Demon chronicles, allowing a Storyteller to
bring together a diverse group of characters and
unify them behind a single goe vice to their
infernal lord.

beneath him. One false step and everything he has
gained can be torn from his grasp by those who feel
themselves better suited to wear the crown.

‘THe MANp or THE TuRANT

The supreme power over the infernal court rests in
the hands of its tyrant, a ranking demon with the
support of the ministries and of his superiors, if any.
Lucifer himself appointed the original court tyrants,
selecting the dukes and barons from the ranks of the
rebels. They in turn appointed the overlords, lords,
and fallen knights from among their own followers,
creating a vast hierarchy that once held the entire
world under its sway.

Now most of those demon lords remain locked
away in the Abyss, and a new hierarchy has arisen with
the return of many of the fallen to Earth. Lower-
ranking demons have taken up the roles once occupied
by their superiors, assuming higher rank either from a
sense of duty or naked ambition. Although many


remain loyal to their trapped leaders, these new demon
lords are enjoying their taste of greater power and
control. It's quite possible that some may decide that
it's to their benefit if their more powerful brethren
don't return to the world just yet

The tyrant of a particular court has both supreme
power and ultimate responsibility within it. The
demon lord can do largely as he wishes, but must
answer to his superiors for his actions. Therefore,
most fallen nobles seek to please their liege-lords and
carry out their bidding, hoping to raise their esteem
and gain status and power. This is true from the
lowliest knight to the most powerful overlords. Even
the presumptive barons of the new order have respon-
sibilities. They must answer not only to each other
but also to the powerful demon lords remaining in the
Abyss.

Originally, the lord of a domain was the most
capable, and often the most powerful, of the fallen in
the region. While this is often still the case, many lords
have achieved their new positions through favors,
manipulation, or sheer ruthlessness. Some may have
even been supported by rivals hoping to set them up for
an eventual, and very public, fall.

Rrarxca

Generally, each court is ruled by a single tyrant,
but ifa previous ruler is promoted or falls in battle (or
is deemed no longer fit to rule due to incompetence
or the effects of Torment), then the next highest-
ranking demon lord with authority over that court
typically appoints or chooses a successor. In some
cases, there is no clear-cut successor, or there is no
time for the overlord to choose one. In such cases, the
chief ministers of the court assume control of it as
ents, sharing authority over the court and its
affairs and voting on all decisions among themselves,
with a simple majority prevailing. This regency lasts
until a new lord is appointed or chosen. Sometimes
the matter of succession can take a long while to
resolve itself, as higher-ranking nobles vie to fill the
spot with one of their loyal followers.

re;

In some courts, regencies have been the solu-
tion to unite warring factions unable to decide on a
single leader, to help hold the fabric of the courts
together. This means that some courts have not just
one leader, but five, and that at least three of them
must agree in order for anything to get done. While
regencies help to deal with some immediate prob-
lems of court leadership, they tend to mire the
infernal courts in bureaucracy and infighting. It's
common for the various ministers to each jockey for
position and favor with the overlord, hoping to be
appointed as the new lord of the court.

CIty OF ANGELS

‘Tre Re@eNcd CHRONICLE

The Regency Chronicle isan ideal choice for
players and Storytellers interested in stories of
politics, power plays and infernal intrigue. Up to
five players can assume the role of ministers
charged with maintaining an embattled court
and. choosing a successor among the domain's
scheming lords. If there are less than five players,
‘one or more of the ministers can be controlled by
the Storyteller; the Dragon Minister is usually
the best choice for this, since it gives the Story-
teller an excellent means of keeping the pla
on their toes. If there are more than five ple
then somerplayers may play other hishseanking
inembers of the court, or perhaps even outsiders
with the régency's ear.

Alternately; playets can take the role of a
group of demons planning to teplace the current
lord or regency and take over the court. This is
no small task and could easily be the basis for an
entire Demon chronicle. ‘Perhaps the current
lord:is"seéretly "allied with-a powerful Earth
bound demon. The court's leadership might be
too authoritarian and unable to.adapt to the
demands of the modern world. Or perhaps the
playets' ‘characters. are: simply ambitious and
power-hungry or think they can do a better job
of running things.

Regents quickly become experts in shifting re-
sponsibility and blame onto each other, making it
more difficult for their liege-lord to discipline them
without upsetting the balance of the court. This tends
to lead to complex power games among the ministers
ofa regency, and it encourages other ministers in other
courts to consider the possibility of a regency of their
own, if only their troublesome leader were to suffer
from some unforeseen accident

‘THe PENTARCHY

For all his or her power, no tyrant can truly
govern without the support of his council of minis-
ters, known as the pentarchy. This council system,
created by Lucifer shortly after the founding of the
legions, was intended to provide a structure that
ensured each court fulfilled its duties to the best of its
ability and created a chain of command and control
that existed in parallel to the rule of the feudal lords.
The ministers of the pentarchy meet with their tyrant
regularly to discuss matters pertaining to the court
and the tyrant's domains, inform their lord of new
developmentsand advise him with respect to changes
in policy or the enactment of new laws. They are also


Cnaprer Four

charged with determining matters of succession, and
can vote to depose a sitting tyrant on grounds of
incompetence or treason. Such a vote must be unani-
mous, and pentarchs choose such a course of action
with great care, as their own positions (and freedom)
can depend on it.

Traditionally the tyrant has the right to select
the members of the court's pentarchy, and can be
dismissed without reason or explanation. In prac-
tice, however, the choice of ministers is often
heavily influenced by the tyrant's own liege-lord
and the ministers of the higher-ranking court, as
there are few fallen willing to pass up the chance to
stack the court of their subordinates with their
own loyal agents.

Tue MINISTRIES

Every infernal court is supported by five infer-
nal ministries, a system created by the Morningstar
himself to ensure efficient employment of resources
and consistent communications between the often
Byzantine layers of court politics. Each ministry
has a particular duty that it performs to aid the
tyrant of the court, from intelligence gathering to
interactions with humanity. Ideally the ministries
work together for the good of the court, but the
truth is that they are as riddled with corruption and
internal rivalries as everything else touched by the
fallen, so they often vie with each other over their
individual agendas.

The organization and lines of authority within
each ministry exist in parallel to the feudal authority
imposed by the infernal courts. Ministers and their
agents are members of the court and individually
subject to the tyrant's edicts like everyone else, but
the ministries' internal affairs and operations are
sacrosanct, and a tyrant interferes with them at his
peril. This is long-standing law and custom designed
to keep ministry affairs separate from the taint of
courtly intrigue, and for the most part the system
remains effective.

Typically, the vast majority of ministerial agents
are drawn from the lower classes of the fallen, osten-
sibly to remove the distractions of rank and courtly
politics — and the influence of corrupt tyrants. Se-
nior ministers themselves tend to be of noble rank,
though in theory these individuals are forbidden to
tule over any territory or accept the fealty of lesser
nobles or other demons. In practice this stricture is
often ignored, especially in smaller courts where a
tyrant needs every noble demon available to manage
his domain, and few fallen are so high-minded that
they would turn down an offer of subordinates and
territory to call their own.

‘Tue Muinistraor EAGLES
(Tre Warciers)

The demons of the Ministry of Eagles are often
referred to simply as The Watchers, for their pri-
mary role is the collection of information and
intelligence on the enemies of the court and the
fallen as a whole. The Ministry of Eagles specializes
in gathering and organizing information of all kinds,
employing every method from powerful evocations
to the sharp eyes and ears of well-placed thralls. The
fallen understand that information is vital to their
survival and success in the modern world — al-
though they are privy to the secrets of Creation,
demons have also been out of touch for some time
and need to become familiar with the current state
of affairs in the modern world. The experiences and
memories of their mortal hosts allow the fallen to fit
into human society without too much difficulty, but
there is still a great deal for them to learn.

Originally the fallen of the Ministry of Eagles were
scholars and teachers, keepers of knowledge and lore,
they were also scouts and spies during the war. The
Watchers are the eyes and ears of the court, both in the
mortal world and within the court itself. High-ranking
Watchers control networks of fallen and mortal agents
that report to them. They in turn present information.
to the head of the Ministry of Eagles, the Most Vigilant
Watcher, who chooses what information to share with
the tyrantand his court. The Eagle Minister's ability to
provide or withhold information is considerable, but
woe-betide the Watcher caught withholding informa-
tion vital to the court.

Naturally, the fallen guard their words and actions
carefully around the eagle-eyed Watchers. There is a
complex game of misdirection and misinformation
played amongst the various factions and notables of
the court, each trying to feed the Ministry of Eagles
select scraps of information, some true, others false,
hoping that will lead things in the direction that they
want. The Ministry of Eagles is aware of this and plays
the game as well, sorting the useful kernels of intelli-
gence from the chaff.

The Ministry of Eagles is responsible for other
sorts of knowledge as well. They are scholars and
lore-keepers who advise other members of the court,
often for a price, depending on the value of the
knowledge they possess. Watchers are fascinated
with the potential of modern information technol-
ogy, particularly computers and the Internet, and
are taking steps to utilize them to full advantage.
The Ministry of Eagles includes philosophers among
its ranks, those who speculate on and study the
nature of Creation to unravel some of its mysteries:
either things that the fallen have forgotten because

¢

=

PousesANDPACTIONS

‘rrin THE MINISTRIOF EAGLES

Ofthe demonic houses, the Fiends are the most
prevalent within the Ministry of Eagles. Their pen-
chant for prophecy and lore keeping, along with
their reputation for playing with the strands of fate,
make them formidable Watchers. Some believe
that the Fiends are responsible for ensuring that
some of the predictions of the Ministry of Eagl
come to pass, and their lore grants the ministry
influence greater than just knowledge.

Slayers also are common Watchers, although
their focus tends to be more on the spitit world
thanthe realm of the living. They gather informa-
tion from the souls of the dead and other creatures
that exist outside mortal ken. Devils and Defilers
make effective Watchers operating in the mortal
world, able to go where they pl and acquire
secrets ‘from almost anyone, given time. The re-
maining houses ‘are roughly equally represented in
the Ministry of Eagles, with the Scourges and
Devourers primarily focused on gathering tactical
information, and the Malefactors interested in
technical information (and the potential applica-
tions of computer technology).

The Cryptic faction has many adherents within
the Ministry of Eagles, since curiosity anda thirstf
knowledge are useful qualities for a Watcher. Some
ministers are ever alert for clues and obscure bits of
lore that help to fill in the puzzle concerning the
Creator's motives and role inthe di
playing out. While aiding the court, these Watch-

* ets also seek to see the pattern of God's plan.

The Luciferans are also. common ‘Watchers,
although they ate watching for something differ-
ent. They seek information about the fate of their
inspiration and leader, the whereabouts of Lucifer.
They, séek this information knowing that it can
change' the balance of fallen society and, they
hope, lead to stronger leadership anda completion
of the work that began with the rebellion.

of their long imprisonment or apparent incongru-
ities that have developed since they have been
away. The experiments and inquiries of these de-
mon scholars are limited only by the leaders of the
court, and only then if they find out about them.

Tar Ministruor Aurocns
(Tur Wanvers)

The Ministry of Aurochs is made up of demons
primarily concemed with the defense of the court and

98

Ciry oF ANGELS

the enforcement of its laws. The Warders are entrusted
with the safety of the courtand its members; during the
war this meant protecting high-ranking fallen against
their enemies, serving as bodyguards and a first line of
defense. In the modern world, the Warders most often
protect the court from other demons looking to cause
trouble, although they work with the Ministry of Dust
toprotect the court from any dangers originating in the
mortal world as well.

Demons willing to put themselves on the line for
others may seem incongruous, but the Warders do
their duty because it is necessary for the court to
survive and because they gain prestige and influence
from their work. Without the support of the Ministry
of Aurochs, a demon court would become easy prey for
its enemies. The Warders know this, and hold it as an
unspoken threat to the other ministri

Housesanp Factions

WFTHIS THE MINISTRIOF AGROCHS,

The seven Houses are about equally repre-
sented within the Ministry of Aurochs, partly
because its duties resonate with each House for
different reasons and partly to ensure a measure of
fairness, so. no one House predominates.

Fallen. of each House view the Ministry of
Aurochs in their own way, but they all focuis on the
traditions and' laws of the infernal court, Each
House, inits way, tries to protect the court from its
‘own nature. Devils are cunning legal analysts and
jurors, while Defilers understand motivation and
desire better than any others do. Scourges havea
‘sense for weakne: inany structure, including the
court. Malefactors try, to keep the court's legal
machinery running smoothly, fixing any problems
that crop-up. Fiends foresee problems and steer
things to/avoid them. Devourers are staunch de- ‘
fenders of the rule of law; while Slayers quietly
shield the court from:spiritual danger:

Luciferans, the most traditionalist faction, is
the ‘strongest within the Ministry of Aurocl
Those who. uphold the law and: maintain order
within the court' are: expécted to cleave to tradi-
tional ways for the most part. Still there
increasingnumber of Faustians and Crypticsamong
the Ministry of Aurochs, suggesting that some
fallen are secking — or anticipating —a change in
the traditional ways. Few Warders express Recon-
ciler sympathies, and none express Ravener beliefs,
at least openly: Such things can bring an Auroch
Minister's objectivity and usefulness to the court
into grave doubt.


Craprer Four

Agents of the Ministry of Aurochs also serve the
court in a more social role. As their name implies, the
Aurochs are stubborn traditionalists. It's their duty to
uphold the rules, traditions, and customs of the court,
tobe the binding force that holds things together. This
means that the Warders are staunchly conservative
when it comes to following tradition, and they're
nearly always against changing the way things are done
unless there's an obvious and pressing need (and even
then, they're reluctant to do so)

The Warders serve as the enforcers of tradition
and the edicts of the pentarchy. They are the judges of
the demon court, but they must weigh their actions
against the influence of the other ministries and the
ranking demons with the authority to override the
Ministry of Aurochs' decisions. The Warders interpret
and enforce the law. Of course, that allows them
opportunities to make exceptions on their own behalf,
but there are rewards for any demon who catche:
Warder breaking the rules, so the Ministry of Aurochs
must be circumspect in its indulgences.

a

Tue Ministruor Lions
(THe Sworps)

The Ministry of Lions compliments the Minis-
try of Aurochs as much as it competes with it for
influence within the court. Whereas the Ministry of
Aurochs is charged with the general defense of the
court, the Ministry of Lions makes up the court's
elite soldiers, warriors, and generals. The Swords
combine valor with bloodlust and a hunger for
conflict of all sorts. They're often seen as a blunt
instrument the court wields against its enemies, but
the Swords can be as careful and deliberate as a
scalpel, neatly cutting away any emerging threat to
the court or the fallen as a whole.

Martial pursuits are naturally the focus of the
Ministry of Lions. They're warriors, first and foremost,
prepared to take the field at the court's command and
destroy its enemies. In the war, all of the fallen were
capable and valiant warriors, but circumstances in the
modern world present a different set of challenges.
Outright violence is a weapon the court must wield
carefully in order to avoid drawing unwanted atten-
tion. Fortunately the mortal world is filled with dail
incidents of violence, so many that mortals have
learned to overlook and ignore them, or at least ex-
plain them away. The Ministry of Lions often acts
under the guise of a gang-war, syndicate hit, mugging,
or other "random" act of violence.

The Swords are also the strategists of the court.
They know how to tackle problems head-on, so their
plans and advice are useful for many things, not just
military matters. This makes the Ministry of Lions

Houses ANp FAcTIONS
WITHIN THE MINISTRIOP LIONS
Thé Devourers are the most common. mem-

of the Ministry of Lions because of their
dedication to the arts of warfare. Many of the
ministry's finest tacticians and soldiers come from.
this House, along with some ofits most ferventand
dedicated (some might say fanatical) members.
The Devils often find their way into positions of
leadership through this ministry, Scourges and
Slayers are the next more commonly represented
Houses. Scoutges find an' outlet for their destruc-
tive natures through service in the Ministry. of
Lions, while Slayers live up to their reputations as
grim angels of death. Members of both Hous
use their insights in
death.and disaster.

Malefactors of the Ministry of Lions are typi-
cally weapon-makers, specializing in arms and
armaments. Theydevelop new ways for the Swords
tostrike, and new means to protect them. Modern.
weapon and armor technology has proven both a
challenge and fascination for.them. Defilers tend
to disdain the more martial aspects of the Ministry

of Lions, but still put their talents to excellent us
as bodyguards and infiltrators, able to apply, the
sort of subtlety that others might not expect from,

the Swords. Likewise, the Fiends in the Ministry
lend their talents to tipping the oddsin the Swords'
favor and foreseeing any potential difficulties so
they can be dealt with.

The Luciferan and Faustian factions dominate
the Ministry. of Lions. The Luciferans are good
soldiers, loyal to the cause and memory of their
leader ‘and inspiration. The Faustians are a bit
more practical, seeing the ministry as a‘means of
carving out and defending new dominions in the
world. Any demon who ‘wants to rise through the
ranks can use the support of the Swords to back up
his claim.

Fairly few Inquisitors or Reconcilers are found
in the Ministry of Lions although there are some
truth-seekers and idealists among the ranks. Of
greater concern are rumors of Raveners among the
Swords, and storiesthat the Ministry of Lions isthe
most prone to be drawn toward the nihilist phi-
losophy. of the Raveners. Officially, the ministry
and the fallen leadership do what they can to root
out any Raveners, but the truth is that they are
difficult to find, and the infernal ‘courts cannot
afford to losé too many of their best warriors, so
such things are often overlooked, at least for now.


100.

the natural leaders of the court, although the influ-
ence and expertise of the other ministries tempers
their leadership, and they all follow the will of the
lord of the court. The Lion Minister is often the most
charismatic and forceful personality in the court, but
the other Ministers are careful to keep him or her in
check, allowing the Lions free rein when something
needs to be done

Ofcourse, there are times when it's wise to give the
Lord-General of the Ministry of Lions enough rope to
hang himself. The Swords make excellent dupes, if
they're allowed to charge into a situation that's been
properly prepared beforehand. The Swords are always
on the lookout for such treachery, and they deal with
itlike they do with anything else that gets in their way:
they destroy it utterly.

‘Tue Ministraor Dust
(Tne Gupes)

The fourth Ministry is the Ministry of Dust (some-
times known as the Ministry of Man or simply the
Guides). During the war these fallen were responsible
for seeing to the protection and needs of humanity, the
ultimate prize in the conflict. Since the failure of the
rebellion and the imprisonment of the fallen in the
Abyss, the purpose of the Ministry of Dust has changed.

Cry oF ANGELS

Currently this Ministry serves as an intermediary be-
tween demon and mortal society. Their concern is far
less for the good of humanity and more for the ad-
vancement of the infernal court

Guides move between mortal and demon soci-
ety with ease and exercise influence over particular
mortals and human institutions that are of use or
interest to the fallen. Demons are keenly aware of
both their dependence on and their vulnerability to
humanity. While they are still powerful compared
to the average mortal, the fallen have only a fraction
of their former might, and they are vastly outnum-
bered by the masses of humanity. Plus some humans
who are aware of the existence of demons are ca
pable of causing trouble for the court. The Ministry
of Aurochs sees to the court's physical protection,
but the Ministry of Dust deals with some potential
threats before they can become problems

Guides are regularly in contact with organizations
like the media and law enforcement. They arrange
cover-ups, kill potentially troublesome stories or inves-
tigations, and subtly divert attention from their own
activities by focusing it on their enemies (both demonic
and mortal). The Ministry of Dust is capable of arrang-
ing for would-be demon-hunters to end up in mental
hospitals, pumped full of drugs, in prison, or simply dead


Cuaprer Four

r Dust

The Ministry of Dust is primarily the demesne
of the Devils and the Defilers, who rule the roost in
akind of partnership. The Devils are the charming
and charismatic leaders, of the ministry, able:to
smoothly coordinate its efforts with the rest of the
court and with the vassals of the mortal world. The
Defilers act. as go-betweens and "handlers" dealing
with mortals. Between them, the two" presenta
pretty package that few mortals can resist.

‘The Malefactors play an important tole in the
Ministry of Dust. While the Devils ‘and Defilers
have whatit takes to make deals and handle mortal
affairs (often literally), the Malefactors can design
and create the many different things that mortals
want. They provide some of the most tangible
proof of the fallen's abilities and what they have to
offer, giving the other demons of the ministry
something to bargain with.

‘The temaining Houses play their own roles in
the Ministry of Dust. The Fiends' ability to arrange
events to'suit has proven a tempting commodity,
while the Slayers deal with mortals fascinated by
death, including those who wish to communi
with souls that hav éd on.

Faustians tend to predominate within the Min-
istry of Dust; keenly aware of the potential within
humanity and the opportunity for the fallen. who
cultivate it. Most see ‘nothing exploitative in their
work; they give mortals what' they desire in ex-
change for the power that: they need — a fair
exchange. Of course, some'fallen. see the power
Offered up to them as their due, given all that they
sacrificed for humanity.

The Reconcilers faction has considerable quiet
support within the Ministry of Dust. Some Guidesare
sympathetic to the mortals they deal with, or become

9 after éxisting in the mortal world for a time. They
want to atone for the mistakes of the past and show
humanity anew and better way. Of course, they have
considerable amount of human apathy and disbe
to overcome before they can even begin to look
forward to their plans for a new Paradise on Earth.

Conversely, the Ministry of Dust is also in
charge of cultivating potential sources of faith and
mortal vassals. They look for opportunities to in-
crease human belief in the supernatural, nurturing
the spark of faith and fanning it into a flame that
the fallen can draw upon for power. They use
mortals as the court's agents, everything from cults

and secret organizations to legitimate businesses,
criminal gangs, even government officials, and
religious figures.

‘Te Ministruor DRAGONS
(THE CENSORS)

The ministries each have their area of expertise
and authority, but the fallen were wise enough not to
place complete trust in any one ministry for any length
of time. Authority is all well and good, and necessary
for a court to function, but the fallen gave up unthink-
ing obedience when they chose to rebel against thei
Lord Creator and follow their own consciences.

Their tendency towards rebellion and questioning
authority is reflected in the structure of the infernal
court by the presence of the Ministry of Dragons,
named for the fearsome visage of the First Rebel, the
great Morningstar himself. They are the fifth ministry,
and their primary task is to question and challenge
authority and to keep the other ministries true to their
intended role as servants of the court.

Thus the Ministry of Dragons serve as censors to
the other ministries and to the structure of the court in
general. They can say the things that everyone is
thinking, but do not dare to voice aloud. They are
critics who cannot be easily silenced and censors who
are always watching for signs of corruption, double-
dealing, or betrayal. The truth is that the Ministry of
Dragons doesn't really weed out the corrupt and un-
trustworthy, merely the stupid, the careless, and the
arrogant, which is enough for most demons. They
actually encourage the fallen to be more circumspect
and cunning in their dealings with each other, since no
demon is eager to suffer public sanction, much less
caught and punished for their indiscretions. The Drag-
ons representa kind of demonic Darwinism: those who
cannot survive their attention are not worthy of at-
taining power within the court.

Ona more practical level, the Ministry of Dragons
investigates matters within the court. While the Watch-
ers are spies and information analysts, and the Warders
are judges and interpreters of the law, the Censors are
usually the ones to discover a demon's indiscretions
and bring them to the court's attention. They know a
great deal of what goes on within the court and are
empowered to investigate others on the authority of
the tyrant. Some Dragons maintain a facade of naivete
or simple-mindedness that allows them to ask ques-
tions no one else would, but no demon mistakes any
Dragon for a fool. They may sometimes behave disin-
genuously, but they aren't stupid.

Since the Ministry of Dragons is charged with
policing their fellow demons, who watches them?
Pretty much everyone, since Dragons tend to earn

101

102

more than their share of potential enemies, and there
are always demons in the court who are delighted by
the opportunity to embarrass or bring down one of
them, especially a high-ranking one. Of course, poten-
tially damaging information can also be put to good use
by ensuring the ministry's cooperation in the future.
The Dragons aren't immune to corruption — far from
it. They are still demons, after all. They just have to be
even more careful than most in their secret dealings,
and the Dragons who are good at playing power games
behind the scenes are very good indeed

Houses AND FACTIONS

WITHIN THE Ministhd or DRAGONS

All of the Houses are represented within the
Ministry of Dragons, with each House having its
own particular slant on how the ministry's affairs
should be conducted. Devils and Defilers are sly
and cunning when it comes to worming their way
into others' confidence and uncovering plots or
corruption within the court. Scourges and De-
vourers are far more straightforward, pursui
lines of questioning and investigation. Male
tors and Fiends tend to follow their own arcane
methods, making it difficult for others to even.
understand what they are up to, while Slayers
draw upon the resources of the spirit world to aid
them in their work.

Naturally, the Luciferan faction is quite well
represented within the ministry that owes much to
the Morningstar's ideals, but the Censors are also
about challenging authority and preconceptions,
so they are often drawn to learn more about the
various other factions of fallen society, and even
take up their causes. There are more than a few
Cryptics among the Censors; convinced that there
is Some greater plan at work, and convinced that
they can discover the truth eventually. The other
factions are found in smaller proportions, although
any Raveners within the ministry carefully conceal
their ideals and activities

MINISTERS

The business of the various ministries within a
court is conducted by a cadre of ministerial agents, and
their senior ministers, demons appointed to fill certain
roles by the lord of the court. Typically, in a small
court, the lord will choose and appoint all of the
ministerial agents personally, while in a larger court,
the lord tends to choose only the senior ministers,
allowing them to organize and run their ministries
largely as they see fit (although some lords prefer more
oversight than others). The ministries (and ministers)

City or ANGELS

of smaller courts are in some cases appointed by the
lord of a higher court, ostensibly for purposes of effi-
ciency, but usually this is simply a matter of politics.
Thus, an overlord might appoint the ministers in the
courts of each of her lords, to better insure the loyalty
of those underlings. This means that the ministries of
a court often owe their loyalty to the ministries of
larger and more powerful courts as well as (or perhaps
instead of) the tyrant of the court.

Ministers are responsible for carrying out the vari-
ous duties of their ministry, with a senior minister
overseeing the activities of a number of deputy min
ters, who in turn manage a number of ministerial
agents. So a low-ranking agent of the Ministry of
Eagles may be tasked with gathering information while
a high-ranking deputy minister oversees a vast spy
network and delivers reports directly to the senior
minister and the lords of the court. Promotion through
the ranks was originally based on performance and
ability (as well as need when attrition took its toll on
the fallen). Currently promotion through the minis-
tries (like the rest of the infernal court) is more a
matter of power and influence than competence.

Countia Tir

The fallen are fond of impressive-soundir
and epithets and the ministries' are certainly no
exception. Generally, the higher ranking the demon,
the more impressive-sounding the title. The fallen
commonly gather new names and titles like expen-
sive jewels, butcertain titles are considered traditional
and are common for the heads of the ministries:

© The senior minister of the Ministry of Eagles
is commonly known as "Most Vigilant Watcher"
or "The Lidless Eye."

© The senior minister of the Ministry of Au-
rochs is commonly known as "Honored Warder" or
"Lord Harrier."

¢ The senior minister of the Ministry of Lions

iscommonly known as "Lord General" (sometimes
"Glorious Lord General") ot "Fiery Sword."

© The senior minister of the Ministry of Dust

is commonly known as "Speaker ‘of the Fallen
Tower" or "Guide to the Blind."

# The senior minister of the Ministry of Drag-
‘ons is commonly known as "Lord Inquisitor."

A minister's full title usually also specifies the
particular court he belongs to. So the head of the
Ministry of Aurochs of the Court of Los Angeles
might be known as "The Most Honored Lord
Hartier of the Ministry of Aurochs of the Court of
Los Angeles."


Ciarrer Foun

FRADETIONS AND
Ruves of tHe Court

The modern infernal court is based on the struc-
ture of the courts the fallen held during the time of the
war, and most of its traditions and precepts date from
thatera. Although the fallen are slowly making adjust-
ments and accommodations for the changes in the
world since their imprisonment, things are slow to
change, so parts of the court remain archaic and
outdated, but still serviceable.

AUTHORITU
Nb THE RULE Or ORDER

The primary rule of the infernal court is a simple
one: the word of those above you in rank is law, and
disobedience can and will be punished. The courts were
created during a time of war, and the dukes and barons
of the fallen were generals and commanders whose word
was law. Therefore, they were given ultimate authority
over those beneath them, and delegated that authority
to their own subordinates. The edicts of the court
tyrants are absolute law among the fallen, and are
strictly enforced. The same is true of the pronounce-
ments of the barons, overlords, and local lords.

Of course, the fallen are not entirely willing to obey
without question, or else the war would not have oc-
curred. They recognize that questions and disputes arise
and therefore any demon has the right to appeal a
decision to the next highest authority in the fallen
hierarchy. A knight who disagrees with his lord's deci-
sion may appeal it to the overlord, then to the baron,
and on up to the pentarchy. The ruling demons may
choose not to hear the appeal, or may not decide in favor
of the petitioner, but the opportunity is there, at least.

CRIMEAND PUNISHMENT

The ruling demon of a domain has the right to
mete out justice as necessary to maintain order and
uphold the commands of his superiors. Usually, tyrants
and higher-ranking demons place this authority in the
hands of the Ministry of Aurochs to act as judges and
decision-makers in most issues. The tyrant will hear
some cases directly, either because they are important
or because they are too delicate for the Warders to
reach a decision without consulting the tyrant first.
The local tyrant ratifies all legal decisions and may
choose to overturn them and issue a new decision.

INFERNAL LAW

The fallen adhered to a wartime code of ethics, so
nearly anything is excusable in the name of the cause,

provided that it doesn't become an issue of contention,
leading to a breakdown of morale or unity. In those
cases, the leaders of the fallen must act, and swiftly, to
maintain order. For the most part, the rules and guide-
lines of the infernal court are simple ones.

* Obey the will of your superiors.

The infernal court is built on a feudal hierarchy,
and demons are expected to respect and obey the
chains of command. Failure to do so may result in
punishment. Of course, the ruling ranks are expected
not to abuse their power or authority, or else their
superiors may punish them.

© Respect the territory of others.

Demons are expected to respect the domains of
other fallen, and not to interfere with things like
another demon's thralls. This rule prevents all-out
conflicts between the fallen within the courts, but is
honored more in the breach, as demons strive for
control of territory and mortal pawns. Such conflicts
are usually subtle, except in cases where a demon has
little fear of punishment or the tacit approval of a
superior to dispose of a rival as he sees fit. For example,
an upstart lord with the support of the local overlord or
baron does not need to respect the territorial claims of
others in his domain, since they are by definition
defying his rightful authority.

* Protect the security of the infernal courts.

The fallen have many enemies, and they hold to
the wartime standard that cooperation with the enemy
is treason. Whatever their individual agendas or con-
flicts, the fallen are expected to safeguard the infernal
courts and their fellow demons from the various threats
awaiting them in the mortal world. This includes
demon-hunters, servants of the Earthbound, and other
potential dangers. It also means that the fallen should
not doanything that could cause the masses of human-
ity to unite against the courts. Thus a measure of
subtlety and discretion is required in the court's deal-
ings with mortals.

‘THe PunisuMeNTS oF HELL

When the rules of the court are broken, the Ward-
ers of the Ministry of Aurochs mete out punishment,
ratified by the ruling tyrant. Punishments vary based
on the offense and the character of the offender. In
general, the fallen are reluctant to deplete their num-
bers too much, since there are only so many of them
free of the Abyss. Therefore, current punishments
tend to be of a temporary nature.

* Demotion: Loss of position, prestige, and power
are common punishments levied by the infernal court.
In the case of the ruling ranks, demotion to a lower
rank is possible, while low-ranking demons may suffer

103

104

a loss of resources. In some cases one or more of the
demon's thralls must suffer for a failure on the demon's
part, depriving the offender of that mortal's faith. Fines
and the loss of material possessions are considered
suitable wrist-slaps for minor offenses. A demotion
may be temporary, such as being assigned scut-work or
sent off toa distant court fora time of service, or it may
be permanent until the offender earns back her
overlord's trust.

* Compensation: Demons who cause some harm
to others by breaking the rules of the court may be
expected to compensate the injured party or parties.
This compensation may come in the form of material
goods or, more often, a kind of enforced servitude,
where the offender is expected to perform some service
or offer some assistance to the injured party. Usually,
the court sets the exact nature of the compensation,
although the court has the latitude to allow the victim
to do so, and does in some cases to ensure that the
punishment is as unpleasant as possible.

* Torture: The fallen are well acquainted with
the currency of pain, and'use it to pay many of their
debts. In cases where a serious chastisement is re-
quired, the court may have the offender tortured in any
number of ways. Taking on mortal flesh has given the
fallen a degree of vulnerability to things like pain, and
they're already experts on inflicting it. In fact, some
courts have torturers who are masters of their craft and
have regular opportunities to practice it on mortals
and troublesome demons alike.

¢ Exile: The final and most serious punishment
that the infernal court can choose to impose is exiling
the offending demon back to the Abyss, through
careful and deliberate destruction of the demon's mor-
tal host. The fallen are extremely reluctant to invoke
this punishment for a number of reasons. The first is
that even the cruelest demon lord knows first hand the
terrible torture of exile and imprisonment, and is
reluctant to inflict it upon another. The second, and
more pragmatic, reason is that the infernal courts often
can't afford to lose even a potential troublemaker.
Their goal after all is to free their kind, not to return
them to endless imprisonment.

NEWCOMERS

The opening of the Abyss scattered the fallen far
and wide across the world. While many quickly found
suitable mortal hosts, others did not do so right away,
or found a host in a distant part of the world with no
other fallen close by. Some demons even appear to
have been displaced in time, appearing later than
others. The torment of the Abyss was a timeless
eternity, and return to Creation was a wrenching
experience. Some demons readjusted quickly, while

Crny or ANGELS

others are taking some time to get their bearings. This
means many infernal courts deal with a regular number
of newcomers, demons newly returned to the world in
possession of a mortal host.

Given that the demons' numbers are limited, the
courts are quick to seek out these lost souls and bring
them back into the fold, particularly before they are
found and claimed by renegade demons, the cults of
the Earthbound, demon-hunters, or some other fac-
tion. Locating newly-returned demons is the duty of
the Ministry of Eagles, while retrieving them and
bringing them back to the court falls under the duties
of the Ministry of Aurochs and its agents. Some
demons are more than willing to go to the infernal
court while a few are reluctant, and in need of gentle
(or not so gentle) persuasion.

Assuming that the newfound fallen is reason-
able and in possession of her faculties, integration
into the court is fairly quick. The Ministry of Drag-
ons makes an assessment of the newcomer. Demons
of formerly high rank are taken to see one of the
ruling class appropriate to their status and usually
given a suitable place in the hierarchy. This can
create some tension when a high-ranking demon
returns and displaces an existing demon lord, creat-
ing some downward pressure through the ranks.
Lower-ranking demons are integrated more easily.
They swear their fealty to the lord of the court and
a place is found for them.

Difficulties arise with fallen who have been se-
verely affected by inhabiting a mortal host. Demons
have discovered that the remnants of the mortal's
personality and soul can have a serious effect on some
of their kind. These demons need to be reminded of
who and what they are and of their true purpose,
otherwise they are likely to become renegades and
leave the court behind (see Chapter Five, p. XX, for
more information).

Oprorrunrries
aNnp DanGcERs
WITHIN THE Court

There are several important reasons why the infer-
nal court continues as the center of fallen existence.
How highly demons value those reasons strongly influ-
ences whether or not they remain within the court.

ne
SAFETU
The most important reason for the court's exist-

ence is to protect the fallen from their enemies. This
includes the Earthbound and their followers, the vast


Crvprer Four

masses of humanity, and the other supernatural deni-
zens of the World of Darkness. It once also included
the Hosts of Heaven, and may still, depending on
which demons you ask, and what they believe about
those who hunt them.

Although they are powerful, the fallen are mere
shadows of what they once were, and they know it.
There are forces abroad in the world that could
destroy them. Even humanity might be able todo so,
if they united against the demons. So the fallen
huddle for safety behind the protection of the court
and the Ministry of Aurochs, with the watchful eyes
of the Ministry of Eagles alert for possible threats
and the deal-makers and handlers of the Ministry of
Dust managing the human vassals who aid and
safeguard the court.

Failing to protect the local demons is considered
one of the greatest failings of a court, and can easily
lead to major changes in leadership. Engineering threats
to either unite a court behind its current leaders or
behind a new leadership is a common demon ploy,
particularly if the plan can direct the court's forces at
a particular outside enemy in the bargain.

CONNECTIONS

Atthe dawn of Creation, the angels each had their
assigned duties, their areas of expertise and responsi
bility. The fallen are used to the idea of working
together and needing others to achieve their goals, no
matter how much they'd currently like to think other-
wise. The court serves asa place for the fallen to gather
and meet, to begin building (or, in most cases, rebuild-
ing) and maintaining networks of influence and

There are only so many demons currently in the
world, and many are still confused by the experience of
being suddenly thrust into mortal flesh after their ages
of terrible exile. The court serves to find these "lost
souls" and helps to bring them into fallen society and
return them to a full awareness of who and what they
are. Of course, there are some demons who decide they
don't want to be found, in one way or another, but the
court has a responsibility to try and gather the fallen
under one aegis so they can find a way to free their
brethren from the Abyss.

Supporr

Iv's difficult to go it alone, especially when the
fallen may enter into nearly any mortal body.
Oftentimes they're unable to maintain the mortal's job
or the mortal is presumed dead and has no real posses-
sions or income of any kind. The court offers the fallen
resources and support to help them to survive in the
world. Although their needs are not the same as

mortals, demons do still require some physical re-
sources, especially since their powers are not what they
once were. The court can offer those resources through
its various vassals and demons who inhabit wealthy
forms or control wealthy mortal thralls.

The infernal court also allows the fallen an
opportunity to begin building up their own support
networks and resources, strengthening themselves
and the court in the process. It offers access to
opportunities that the fallen who choose existence
outside the court do not have.

PRESTIGE AND INFLUENCE

They say that "pride goeth before a fall," and the
fallen are prideful creatures. The court offers the
opportunity to acquire prestige and influence among
demons and more than a few are drawn to it because
of that. For now the fallen on Earth are the only ones
of their kind outside the Abyss (apart from the
Earthbound), so they have the opportunity to take
the reins of power while stronger demons remain
imprisoned. Other fallen seek to reclaim the power
they once had before their exile, perhaps even the
power they had before the war, or the power of the
Creator Himself.

Gaining power at court requires careful planning,
allies, and perfect timing. The fallen go about their
business while plotting against each other and looking
for any signs of weakness in their adversaries. One
wrong move can bring down a powerful leader and
raise another demon up in his place. Then that demon
must work carefully to protect her position against the
sharks who begin to circle, looking for their own
opportunities.

Divipep LodaLries

One of the greatest dangers and difficulties for the
fallen within the court is the division of their loyalties.
The demons of the court are pulled in different direc-
tions by their House, ministry, and faction, along with
the needs and interests of their mortal host, their
thralls, and by their own personal agendas. It can be a
difficult balancing act keeping all of the various de-
mands for their attention satisfied. One wrong move
could spell disaster.

Maintaining the various duties and responsibili-
ties are one thing, but matters become more
complicated when the demands of a demon's various
affiliations conflict. For example, members of the
Ravener faction generally keep their affiliation quiet
within the court, since the Raveners want to destroy
all of Creation, something that many fallen do not
want. When a Ravener Fiend belonging to the Min-
istry of Eagles discovers a potentially valuable piece

105

of information about the cult of an Earthbound
demon, what do they do with it?

The answer depends entirely on where the par-
ticular demon's loyalties lie, and to what degree.
Most of the fallen feel strongest about their faction,
then their ministry, and finally their House. Still,
House has a powerful influence over the way ademon
thinks and acts, since it is a part of them, how they
were made to be (and what they became during the
war and their long exile). So a Ravener demon might
"overlook" or "misplace" information abouta nihilis-
tic Earthbound cult that intends to wreck havoc
because it fits in with her faction's goals. The trouble
arises if and when another demon discovers this
oversight and brings it to the court's attention. Of
course, odds are good that the other demon has some
indiscretions of his own, if only the Ravener can
learn about them and use them to her advantage

Therefore the infernal court is a patchwork of
varying loyalties, held together by mutual need and
kept from completely disintegrating by the amount of
influence that individual demons hold overeach other.

REATINGAND UsiINa OTHER FACTION,

The existence of other factions of the fallen is
intended to allow Storytellers ro create nearly any
sort of faction or ideology for their Demon
chronicles, Pethaps you want a faction of demons
in your own chronicle that believes, for example,
that the fallen-should exert control over all of the
supernatural denizens of the World of Darkness.
What about:a faction that believes they should
punish human sinners (each in a manner befitting
his or her'sins)Go.right ahead and creace them.

. The default assumption is that these minor
factions don't have the same broad appeal of the
main factions described in Demon: The Fallen
and expanded upon in this book. They might be

splinter groups of existing factions or entirely new
ones. If you want to substitute a faction of your

own Creation for one of the established ones, feel
free, but keep in mind the overall effect it will
have on the balance of power and the relations
between the factions

You can also runachronicle based around the
troupe starting its own faction within the fallen of
a particular aréa: This could:come from sincere
beliefs on the parts of the characters or cynical
self-interest that manipulates the beliefs of ott
ets, or-a combination of the two. Characters
leaders of a fallen philosophical movement fit in
nicely with the themes' of faith and. personal
responsibility in Demon.

106

Ciry or ANGI

The reason that more fallen aren't exposed as traitors
to one cause or another is the fact that they've got
equally strong evidence against their accusers. It's
often mutually-assured destruction to betray another
demon's true loyalties, so the fallen are forced to plot
and plan to cover up their own activities and to expose
and bring down their rivals.

WMorraLs
anp THE Courr

Although the infernal court exists to serve the
needs of the fallen, it cannotand does not overlook the
teeming masses of humanity that the demons walk
amongst on a nightly basis. It was love of humanity
that first led the fallen to rebel and brought about the
war, and feelings toward mortals run strong and deep
within the infernal court. The fallen are by no means
in agreement as to what they should do about human-
ity, only that mortals are important to them for various
reasons, not the least of which is the faith (and there-
fore power) they can offer.

‘THRALLS

Of course, the fallen cannot remain completely
unknown. They are dependent on human faith to
sustain them, which means that they must reveal
themselves, their true selves, to some mortals. The
fallen seek out mortals in need (and what mortal
does not need or want for something?). They prom-
ise them what they desire in exchange for their
faith, their belief in what the demon represents. The
mortals become the demon's thralls, bound by the
terms of their pact, a living source of faith and power
to sustain the fallen.

As far as the court is concerned, the cultivation of
thralls is a personal matter for the fallen, so long as it
does not endanger the court or its members. The fallen
are free to pursue their own affairs and create pacts
with whomever they wish, but they are expected to
show a certain amount of discretion, or else they may
expose not only themselves but their fellow demons to
danger. In these matters, the court may be forced to
take action.

The first step is likely to permanently silence a
dangerous thrall (usually by killing them and disposing
of the body). In some cases simple executions will only
complicate matters, so the court uses threats and other
coercion to ensure that the thrall will remain silent. In
extreme matters, the court may dispose of the offend-
ing demon as well, cutting off the trail of investigators
and providing an example for others on the impor-
tance of discretion.


Craprer Four

In order to avoid the court's unwanted atten-
tion, demons are well advised to keep their thralls
away from the court, and most do, since they prefer
to keep their thralls in the dark about the true
nature of the fallen. Most mortals who have dealings
with demons have no idea that the infernal court
even exists or, if they do, where it is and what it is
like. Demons typically know roughly who in court
has many thralls and who has few, but the identities
of those mortals and the specifics of their pacts are
harder to come by. This makes thralls useful pawns
in games of power and influence within the court,
allowing demons to struggle against each other by
proxy while keeping their conflicts covert

VASSALS

Unlike thralls, the primary purpose of a vassal is
not to provide the fallen with faith but with more
mundane forms of power and influence. While de-
mons are beyond many mortal considerations, they
must still exist within the mortal world, and they are
both unfamiliar with many things and vastly outnum-
bered by the teeming throngs of humanity. They need
protection from their enemies and resources, both
physical and material, to carry out their various plans.
Properly cultivated vassals provide these things.

Ideally, vassals have no idea that they ulti-
mately serve demons from the depths of the Ab
although often the leaders of a vassal may be aware
of their true loyalties. A vassal is also ideally free of
any thralls to eliminate potential conflicts of inter-
est (and spies within its ranks). Like many things
about the infernal court, these ideals often fall short
of the mark. The court deals with any problems that
arise around vassals as quickly as possible, but po-
tential problems are often overlooked until they are
brought to the court's attention or they become too

serious to ignore any longer.

Virtually any gathering of mortals is a potential
vassal for the fallen, but certain types of vassals are
particularly common and useful. Here are some of the
vassals that demons often cultivate:

* Businesses: Money makes the world go around,
and the fallen were quick to understand the nature of
both commerce and greed in the modern world. The
court also requires certain material resources and ser-
vices from discrete sources, so demons have good

reason for cultivating various businesses as vassals. In
many cases their dealings are strictly business arrange-
ments. There are more than enough businesses that
don't care where the money comes from. In some cases,

107

108

the court exerts more influence, either through the
information gathered by the Ministry of Eagles (suit-
able for trade of blackmail) or by providing other
"services" that someone in the dog-eat-dog business
world might find useful (which usually leads to black-
mail, sooner or later).

* Government Agencies: The fallen tread care-
fully here, but the government still has enough power
and influence to be of interest to them, and they've
found more than a few mortals in positions of power
eager to accept what they have to offer. For the time
being, the fallen have little interest in influencing
the upper echelons of the halls of power. They focus
their attentions instead on smaller branches of vari-
ous agencies, influencing local bureaucrats and
politicians who can arrange for alterations to public
and private records, make problematic issues with the
law disappear, and so forth.

© Law Enforcement: One of the most important
areas of influence for the fallen is with those who
enforce the law. It's necessary to ensure that the
activities of the court are overlooked, along with those
of individual demons. The Ministry of Eagles also
benefits greatly from having contacts within law en-
forcement who can pass on useful information, while
the demon lords can use law enforcement vassals as a
means of dealing with renegades outside the court
(although they must be careful not to reveal too much
to their mortal pawns). Some of the fallen in the right
places have even made connections with police de-
partments and other agencies as "experts" on the
occult and Satanic crimes. This allows them to un-
cover both rogue demons and their thralls and mortals
who might prove useful thralls if they were introduced
to areal demon.

* Criminal Organizations: From youth gangs and
drug dealers to the highest ranks of organized crime,
the fallen find many useful vassals among humanity's
criminal element. These mortals already have the
skills and the means to exist outside the law as the
infernal court does, and their connections and re-
sources can help smooth the way for the fallen as well.
Demons have few qualms about working with crimi-
nals, of course, and they're capable of any number of
useful and valuable services. Demon enforcers arrange
to eliminate criminal rivals or potentially dangerous
witnesses. They supply connections, money, and ille-
gal goods in exchange for more of the same. In fact, in
many ways, the infernal court functions much like a
new, powerful syndicate in the underworld, one that
most criminals learn to respect. Those who do not are
taught a very painful lesson.

* Religious Organizations: Humanity's religious
institutions are favorite targets for demonic scorn and

City OF ANGELS

corruption. They're potentially dangerous, since they
may educate humanity and give them the spiritual
fortitude to resist demonic temptation (although they
just as often lead people into temptation, for the fallen
who know how to play it right). They're useful because
they are focuses of human faith, sources of power for
the fallen. The religious are often the first to believe in
the existence and power of demons, whether they hate
and fear them or worship them hardly matters (at least
as far as a reaping is concerned). The fallen maintain
ties with various religious organizations (churches,
synagogues, temples, etc.) to keep an eye on the
congregation, watch for signs of demon-hunters (see
below), and exert their subtle influence over them.

* Clubs and Associations: People of like mind
are given to gathering together in groups, and some
of these groups can be useful to the fallen court, if
only because they offer self-contained collections of
mortals who can be influenced through a few key
people. They are able to offer resources or simply
information and insight in the mortal condition and
human society. These range from professional asso-
ciations (demon influence in the Bar Association is
becoming common, with "devil's advocates" learn-
inga great deal about the art of argument) to private
clubs. The fallen are often drawn to fringe groups,
from spiritual seekers (willing to accept guidance
and offer their faith) to fetish clubs where demonic
personae are seen as just the latest fad, and the fallen
can set aside their masks with little fear, at least for
a time. Knowledge of human involvement in some
groups can also be a useful level of influence against
the businessman who likes to frequent leather bars
on the weekends, or the senator's wife who throws
wild drug-parties.

* Cults: Faith is the source of the demons'
power. Since they have lost the faith of the Most
High, they are dependent upon the faith of human-
ity to sustain them. Therefore cults are often a
demon's lifeblood. Cults are an individual affair,
unless a particular demon's cult becomes a concern
for the court in some way, usually by drawing un-
wanted attention from mortals. So long as they
respect the boundaries the court lays out, the fallen
are free to create and control cults however they
wish, and they do. They also keep a close eye on the
known cults and thralls of their peers, both because
demons must compete to a degree for the choicest
mortal followers, and because one never knows
when an opportunity will arise to expose a rival to
the court and bring them down.

Although some demonic cults are the sort that
mortals might expect — secret occult groups devoted
to "demon worship" of one form or another— mostare


Citvprer FOUR

not quite so obvious. The fallen realize full well that
stepping forward and announcing "I am a demon from
the depths of the Abyss" is not the way to win friends
and followers (at least, not right away).

Therefore, fallen cults take many forms, depend
ing on the aims and abilities of the demon or demons
whocontrol them. The only real requirement fora cult
is that the demon acts asa focus for followers' faith, and
there are many ways of doing that. Demons often pose
as gurus, mystics, spiritual guides, even priests or elders
of established religions. There are many mortals seek-
ing to believe in something, and the fallen have
something powerful to offer them, even if it's not
usually what it seems to be on the surface.

Parr and RELIEF

The central factor that governs the fallen's deal-
ings with humanity is the demons' need for the power
of human faith. This places the fallen in a paradox. In
order to regain a measure of their powers, they must
cultivate the dying sparks of faith in humanity, fan-
ning them into flames, and forging pacts that allow the
fallen to draw upon that power. At the same time,
demons have to be careful not to give too much away
about their existence and their activities to the wrong
people. They understand full well that the power of
human faith can be turned against them, and that a
united humanity might even be able to destroy them,
or least send them back to their eternal imprisonment,
which would be an even worse fate.

Therefore, the fallen walk a narrow line be-
tween their need to inspire human faith and belief
in the supernatural and their need to conceal them-
selves and their activities from the masses for the
time being. There may come a time when the fallen
are prepared to reveal themselves in all their glory to
humanity, but that time is a way off yet, at the very
least. For now, the fallen have to choose their time
and place carefully, or else risk destruction at the
hands of their enemies.

Most demons operate subtly when dealing with
mortals. They look for those they can inspire and take
them as thralls, while hiding their activities from
others. This means secret networks of thralls and cults
are common tools for the fallen, getting them what
they need without undue risk.

The nature of human faith does work in the
demon's favor in one way. Demon-hunters and other
enemies have to work secretly as well, since the last
thing they want to do is encourage human belief in the
supernatural, which would only strengthen the fallen
and give them more thralls to choose from. Also,
mortal demon-hunters quickly come to believe in the
existence of the fallen, which makes some of them

susceptible to becoming thralls, if they choose to enter
into a pact with a demon. This allows the fallen to
convert some of their enemies and make them into
useful allies.

ENenues
ar THE GarEs

The fallen are well aware that they are not wel-
come in the world, at least not yet. After all, they still
feel the sting of humanity's rejection from untold
millennia ago, when they were exiled to the Abyss.
The infernal courts have many potential enemies,
although many of those enemies remain ignorant of
the full extent of the court's power and influence (or
even its existence, for that matter).

RENEGADES

Of concern to the infernal court is the matter of
renegade or rebel demons, the fallen who have broken
away from the hierarchy of the court and struck out on
their own. They represent a potential threat to the
courts that must be addressed.

Theories as to why the renegades have chosen the
path that they have vary, but generally come down to
two major possibilities. The first is that the possession
of mortal flesh has influenced or weakened the ren-
egades' souls in some way, tainting them with human
weakness and desires. The fallen of the infernal court
are aware of these urges — all embodied demons feel
them tosome degree— but the renegades seem to have
fallen victim to them. Proponents of this theory be-
lieve that their wayward brethren can be cured of their
condition, shocked back into their true selves, with
some effort.

The other theory is that the renegades are traitors
to the court and the lords of the Abyss, and that they
have plans of their own. Perhaps they intend to over-
throw the existing hierarchy and institute one of their
own, to keep the gates of the Abyss closed so that they
can rule over the world themselves. They may even
plan to lead humanity in a crusade against their fallen
brethren to create a new order, with themselves at the
top. Paranoid conspiracy theories abound, each more
elaborate than the last. Some even combine the two,
saying that those who abandon the courts have been
driven mad by their mortal hosts and seek the destruc-
tion of the fallen.

In either case, the renegades must be dealt with.
For the time being, most high-ranking demons prefer
to bring their wayward fellows back into the fold of the
court, where they can be the most useful. No demon
should be sent screaming back into the Abyss while

109

110

there is the possibility of bringing them to their senses.
Therefore the courts move cautiously toward the goal
of reclaiming their lost souls, for their own good as
as that of their kind.

well

Demonx-HunTens

One particular group of mortals that the fallen
must be concerned about are those who are aware of
the existence of demons and are prepared to take steps
to return them to the Abyss, whatever the cost: de
mon-hunters. There was a time when the idea of the
fallen being hunted down by humans would have been
laughable, but now, weakened as they are by their long
imprisonmentand trapped in mortal flesh, and mortals
wielding the power of their faith, demon-hunters are a
serious threat

Hunters operate under a veil of secrecy, since
most mortals still believe that the "demons" that
haunt people are psychoses, and those who claim to
hunt them are insane. Still, the fallen have seen
evidence that these hunters often work in groups
and have allies, They share information among
them and news of the discovery of a demonic pr
ence is likely to spread unless it is contained. This
makes concealing the activities of the court and

City OF ANGELS

protecting it from discovery by demon-hunters of
paramount importance

The most serious concern about demon-hunters is
their abilities. While most hunters are ordinary mor-
tals with both the misfortune to know about the
existence of the fallen and the fortitude to do some-
thing about it, some are more than that. The fallen
have discovered that some hunters understand and
can tap into the power of their faith and wield it as a
weapon against them. Are these powerful hunters
proof that Heaven has not turned away from human-
ity, but still finds ways to thwart the fallen in their
efforts? Some demons are afraid that they are. Others
believe they are examples of the potential of human-
ity, but either possibility is disturbing to the fallen.

‘Tur EARTHROUND

One thing ‘thesfalien quickly. discovered when
they began reorganizing their courts and establishing
their ties to the mortal community was that some of
their kind were already.on Earth. Some of the Earth-
bound have been in the mortal world for many years,
even centuries, and have had ample' time to create
vassals of their own. These powerful demons are not
usually inclined to share with anyone, either.


Cuverer Four

Conflicts have occasionally arisen between mor-
tals loyal to the Earthbound in one way or another
and the newly-returned demons wearing human
guises. Long-established demonic cults worshipping
the Earthbound have become demon-hunters under
their masters' guidance, tracking down and eliminat-
ing these new demons, or else bringing them before
their masters so they can be offered the opportunity
to serve the Earthbound (or be cast back into the
Abyss if they refuse) i

There are also questions about the Earthbound
influencing the new infernal courts using converts
among the fallen as well as infiltrating vassals with
mortals loyal to them. Already there is talk of courts all
but controlled by the Earthbound behind the scenes
and directed toward their own mysterious purposes.
Whether or not they are true, or were simply started by
the Earthbound to sow dissent and paranoia, remains
to be seen.

One thing has become clear to the infernal courts
the Earthbound, whatever their allegiances in the past
may have been, are often loyal tonone but themsely
They have their own plans for Creation, and they
don't necessarily include freeing the rest of their kind
from their imprisonment.

OTHER CREATURES

The fallen are by no means alone in the shadows
of the world, and they know it. They share the stage
with other creatures that the newly-returned demons
know little of, although their knowledge is increasing
with each passing night.

The fallen quickly learned of vampires, mortal
corpses who feed on the blood of the living, and claim
tobe descended froma curse that the Creator laid upon
their ancestor, Caine. They were already aware of the
existence of ghosts, mortal spirits trapped in the shad-
owy realm between life and death, unable to move on
to what awaits them. Generally, the fallen prefer to
conceal their existence and their activities from these
creatures, eliminating any who learn too much.

Demons have also discovered stranger things in
the wild places and rural areas outside the cities where
mortals congregate. There are monsters there, too:
savage man-beasts, the walking dead, and other things.
Most of them are too hostile for the fallen to learn
much about them, but they are of little concern unl
they become a threat to the demons or their plans;
then they will be dealt with.

"THe Owe WorLpor DARKNESS

It's up to individual Demon Storytellers how
much they want to involve other elements of the
World of Darkness in their chronicles. The exist-
ence of vampires, werewolves, and other creatures.
may be nothing more than a minor background
element, or it could be the basis for an epic struggle
between the infernal courts and the various other
supernatural factions of the World of Darkness.
For the most part; the fallen have little interest in
other. supernaturals, except where. they pose a
potential challenge to-their plans.


You and | are infidels, which means, merely, that we do

not submit our necks to yokes.

— Wendell Phillips, The Bible and the Church

When the fallen returned, they quickly worked to
re-establish the old order and re-organize into courts to
further the goal of opening the gates of the Abyss and
allowing their brethren to return to the world as they
did. But not all demons support this goal. Some of the
fallen, thrust into mortal bodies for the first time,
experiencing their memories and sharing in the hopes
ms of their mortal hosts, feel differently. They
have awakened from the haze of their Torment and
have the opportunity to consider: what will happen to
the world if the hosts of the fallen are permitted to
return en masse? The thought frightens and disturbs
many of them

So, although the infernal court is the center of
fallen existence on Earth, there are those demons who
exist outside of the court and its structure. Naturally,

(oa

and dri

the ruling ranks of the fallen cannot tolerate any fla-
grant disobedience of their laws or open defiance of the
court (covert disobedience and defiance are another
matter). Therefore, demons who choose to exist outside
the court's good graces are branded renegades, even
traitors, to the cause. They must struggle to survive on
their own without the support or assistance of the
infernal court, while looking for means to prevent their
fellow demons from throwing open the gates of the
Abyss, spelling the end for the world as it is now

Oursipe Lookina IN

Demons outside the infernal court face many chal-
lenges. The primary difficulty for fallen outside the
court is they are totally dependent on their own re-
sources and those of whatever allies they can find.

TH


14

While court demons tend to be fairly independent, the
court as a whole can still wield considerable power
through its vassals and the collected resources of its
members. Individual demons don't have that option,
although some of them do gather considerable resources
of their own. The more powerful and influential an
outsider becomes, however, the greater the chances
that the court will take notice and do something to deal
with the upstart. In order to escape the court's atten-
tion, these renegade demons must keep a low profile,
which, in turn, limits their power.

Outsiders also lack the court's protection against
potential enemies. The Ministry of Eagles is alwaysalert
for potential threats to the court and the other minis-
tries stand ready to deal with them. Independent fallen
have only themselves and perhaps a few fallen or mortal
allies to rely upon. When the demon-hunters come
looking, not only won't they have any protection, but
also the court may be willing to sell them out in order to
divert suspicion from themselves. Of course, itcan work
both ways, and there's always the possibility that an
outsider might give information about the court to
hunters. All the more reason to limit what outsiders
may know about the court and its business.

Even worse than demon hunters is the threat of the
Earthbound, who sometimes take interest in lone de-
mons or small groups they can approach and possibly
sway over to their way of seeing things. If they can't
seduce or bully the outsiders into joining them, the
Earthbound can always destroy them, ensuring that a
rogue piece is removed from the playing field. The
demons of the court are concerned about the Earth-
bound recruiting outsiders, so they may attempt to get
to them first, to either sway them or make sure they can
never go over to the Earthbound side. (Although, a
botched effort has the potential of creating new Earth-
bound demons, so some care is required.)

Outsiders have no real access to the collected
knowledge and lore of the court. This means having
to find out about important things going on in the
mortal world on their own, for one thing, but it also
cuts the fallen off from their past and their power.
Those demons who returned and took mortal form
often have fragmentary or incomplete memories of
the time before their imprisonment, much less the
time before they rebelled and the war began. The
courtly fallen can compare notes, share recollec-
tions, and usually have the benefit of some of the
most experienced demons. Outsiders have to rely on
themselves and their contacts for knowledge of who
they are and what they are truly capable of. They
must rediscover their nature on their own, which
makes struggling against their Torment that much
more difficult. More than one outsider has asked

Crry or ANGrLs

whether it is worth struggling with painful recollec-
tions rather than simply giving in to them and
returning to the company of their own kind.

While some understanding of demonic lore and
abilities is innate, a part of the fallen since they were
made, a great deal of it has been forgotten by those who
returned and must be relearned. The infernal courts are
fast rediscovering the secrets of their lore and are using
them. Those outside the courts have few choices for
mentors and teachers. They often have to puzzle out the
secrets of their lore alone, trying to find meaning and
order in a universe in which they ceased to have faith
long ago. Certain things have changed since the fallen
were imprisoned, or at least they seem to have changed.
Perhaps they remember differently than it actually was.
Who can say?

Of course, the Earthbound are often willing to
become mentors and teachers of the newly-returned
demons, but their aid always comes with a price
attached. Most outsiders aren't willing to pay it just
yet, but as their need to learn more increases, some
may reconsider. .

‘Tur MouseSON THE OUTSIDE

Members of the various demonic Houses have
different reasons and motives to exist outside the court,
but each House has members who choose that route.
Some find not having to deal with the court's restric-
tions liberating, while others try to create new structures
to substitute for those of the court.

DrvILs
The factors that drive Devils to exist outside the
demon court are arrogance' and rebelliousness. The
silver-tongued Devils are perfectly capable of gathering
their own followings around them, and may adhere to
the adage that "it is better to rule in Hell than serve in
Heaven." Rather than being a minor cog in the demon
court, a Devil can be a powerful and influential force in
the mortal world, so long as he stays ahead of his
enemies, both mortaland otherwise. Some Devils break
with the court (or neyét accept it in the first place) in
order to build and maintain their ownspower-based.
This makes rogue Devils a matter of some concern
for the Pentarchy, since they may become a substantial
threat to the court itselfyor theiractivities may draw the
attention of demon-hunters or the Earthbound. Rogue
Devils must balance their desire for power with the need
for stealth and subtlety, at least until they're secure
enough that no one in the court would dare to mess with
them. Devils outside the court nearly always surround
themselves with various mortal thralls and followers,
both to buoy their own egos and for protection against
their enemies.


Curren PVE

Scounars

More than a few Scourges prefer a solitary exist-
ence, walking amongmortals. They were once powers
of the wind, and the call of the open road (or open
sky, as the case may be) isistrong for them. Scourges
outside the court are often rootless wanderers, trav-
eling from place to place looking for things that
interest them. A Scourge may be a mysterious travel-
ing healer, who performs miraculous cures (possibly
creating pacts in the process). Or the Scourge may be
a serial killer winding its way across a continent,
leaving a string of bodies in its wake, or even a
vengeful plague that sttikes down certain people
swiftly and mysteriously, for no apparent reason.
Demon-hunters carefully watch for signs of mysteri-
ous deaths, murders, and outbreaks of disease to show
them the path of one of the fallen.

A wandering Scourge makes a useful assassin and
executioner, or a helpful healer, if another demon is in
need of either. Scourges can sometimes earn the favor
of the court (or their fellow outsiders) by offering their
services from time to time.

MALEFACTORS

Some Malefactors want nothing more than to be
left alone to do their work, or else the court does not
appreciaté their particular creations, causing the Male-
factor to look elsewhere for a place to work and build. Of
all the fallen, Malefactors,are the most likely to find
patrons willing to'provide them with whatever they
want or need in exchange for their services. A Malefac-
tor outside the demon court can usually find a wealthy
mortal, influential outsider, or even a corporation will-
ing to provide resources, shelter, and protection so,the
Malefactor can continue to make new and interesting
things. Some Malefactors take these opportunities,
moving on if their patron' becomes, too demanding or
simply crosses the wrong party:

Other Malefactors prefer' to remain' completely
independent, or as much as they can. They -work
"freelance" for anyone able to meev'their price (which
for mortals is often a pact) and remain carefully neutral
inall things. The court may évenbe willing to overlook
such behavior on the part of a skilled and useful Male-
factor, especially one willing to work for the court as
much as anyone else.

Finally, there are Malefactors motivated by
things other than their artistry. It may only be a
means to an end rather than an end in and of itself.
These demons are often driven by the memories and
needs of their mortal host and a desire to keep the
hordes of the Abyss from returning to the world.
They use their skills and abilities to further their
goal, whether it is safeguarding a particular mortal

family, or undermining the court and the Earth-
bound to protect humanity from their machinations.

Tiexps

Fiends are often solitary creatures to begin with.
Their knowledge and insight often separates them from
other fallen, who look on Fiends with a measure of
trepidation. The motions of the heavens fascinate the
Fiends, and often seem to drive them to do things
according to signs and portents only theycan see, While
the Fiends maintain that they can see fate written in
those signs, they sometimes disagree about exactly what
that fate shall be. Many wonder if their ability tosee the
Creator's plan was lost in the Fall, leaving the Fiends
with nothing more than delusions and vain hopes.

Where theFiendsare still powerfulisin their ability
to manipulate dreams and tug at the strands of fate. The
Fiends who exist-outside the court generally do so for
one of two reasons. Their beliefs and insights (often
guided by their moral host) no longer allow them to
cooperate with the plans of the court, or they felt guided
by a vision or portentio leave the court behind. Some
Fiends wonder if they are guided by the unseen hand of
their Creator toward some greater purpose, while others
know only that what they are doing is right. In either
case, Fiends use their lore to help safeguard themselves
and others from the agents of the court.

Independent Fiends are forces to be reckoned with
because of their skill in manipulating seemingly chance
events. The good fortune or curses that they can bestow
garners them various mortal thralls, and makes them
useful to members of the court looking for some discrete
assistance with a potentially sensitive matter. They're
also still consulted as seers and oracles, although they
more often than not take a direct hand in fulfilling their
Sue preREIES

DErILERS

The Defilers are drawn to mortal society, but
most are content to deal with it with the support of
the demon court behind them. The Defilers who
choose to exist outside of the court tend to simply
vanish as far as most inquisitors are concerned. With
their abilities, Defilers can assume almost any guise
and blend perfectly into mortal society. The truth is
that the demon court isn't' evén sure how many
Defilers might exist outside their oversight. Perhaps
some of the leads they uncoyer actually point to only
a few Defilers with many different disguises and
identities. Perhaps there are many. Most discount
rumors that there are organized groups of Defilers
outside the courts who share various identities, using
them to keep outsiders in the dark about their exact
numbers and activities.

115

116

Whatever the case, some Defilers thrive outside the
restrictions of the court and take matters into their own.
hands. They gather substantial mortal followings using
their keen understanding of basic human desires. They
can provide what mortal society holds up as one of its
greatest ideals: beauty. Who wouldn't be tempted by
great beauty, eternal youth (or nearly so), and the
fulfillment of their wildest sexual and romantic desires?
The Defilers can provide all of those things, and do, for
aprice. This makes them influence-brokers and power
players in their own right. A demon who needs to exist
outside the court for whatever reason would do well to
get in the good graces of a Defiler. They can provide
contacts, arrange safe havens, and even give renegade
fallen new identities (complete with new faces and
bodies to match).

DEvouRERS

The Devourers within the demon court are typi-
cally good soldiers, eager to strike out against any
threat to.the;court or the fallen. Theipentarchy works
to channel their aggreSsion int ways that are useful to
the court and don'texpose it tolunnecessary risk. The
Devourers outside the ¢ourt are those who cannot or
will not submit to the pentarchy's restrictions, who
want hothing to do with.the endless political games,
the subtle machinations, or the debate among their
fellow demons. These Deyourers want action and they
want it now.

Some of themiare savages givénalmost completely
over to their animalistic nature. The modem world is a
new jungle for these Devourers, with humanity as their
prey. They inspire terror, pain, and despair and reap the
faith that comes from.the sure knowledge that one is
Tormented by a beast from Helly The demon court
considers these renegades a most serious threat, since
they draw the attention of mortal authorities as well as
demon-hunters. Fortunately, they're also the fallen
whom demon-hunters are most likely to discover and
destroy, overlooking the court in order to focus on the
more obvious and immediate threat.

Other Devourers show more restraint but are still
fed up with the ways of the court. They have their
own ideas about what needs to be done and they're
not going to wait around while cowards and manipu-
lators discuss the best way of doing things while
making sure their own asses are covered. Instead,
they strike out on their own.

Some have regained a small measure of their com-
passion for humanity and Creation and want to save
them from their demonic brethren. They'll bring down
the plans of the courts and the Earthbound and they're
willing to sacrifice themselves like good warriors. Oth-
ers are just the opposite, working with the Earthbound

Ciry or ANGELS

or seeking ways to open the gates of the Abyss on their
own, knowing that there will be a rich reward for the
one with the determination and strength to do it.
Finally, some Devourers actually turn away from the
ways of war. They seek a kind of peace in the savage
existence of the wilderness, untroubled by matters of
civilization or demonic duty. All too often, they're not
allowed to turn their backs on who and what they are.

SLAGERS

The demons of death have power like never before
in the modern world, with the living dying in greater
numbers than ever and the shadowy places between life
and death havens for ghost and spirits the Slayers can
influence toward their own ends. This has led some
Slayers to ask, do they really need the support of other
Houses, of the demon court, to further their ambitions?

Some Slayers prefer to rule over their own personal
hells rather than kowtow to the pentarchy and the
authority of the court. They choose isolated places of
death — graveyards, morgues, battlefields, and such —
as their homes and become the leaders of the ghosts that
they find there. The opening of the Abyss caused a great
storm in the underworld and scattered many ghosts to
the winds. The Slayers offer they shelter and succor
from the storm in exchange for their loyal service. And
if a Slayer needs more followers, well, making more
ghosts is a fairly simple matter...

Other Slayers were horrified by the prevalence of
death in the world. They remember being gentle bearers
of the final rest, taking living creatures and returning
them to the earth so that they could nourish the next
cycle of life. They keenly remember their anguish when
death first touched humanity after the war began. Now
theysee their former charges suffering and dying in their
teeming billions and their hearts weep of it. They see
and hear the Tormented spirits in the shadow lands,
eager for the release of Oblivion, but fearing what lies
beyond that great unknown.

These Slayers take it upon themselves to become
the champions of life they once were, using the power
of death only to ensure the balance of the cycle, giving
aid and comfort where they can. They will not permit
the fallen to bring about the final death and dissolution
of Creation, so long as it is in their power to prevent it.
If they must destroy their fellow demons to stop them,
then so be it.

‘Tue PAcTIONS
ON THE OUTSIDE

Although the major factions of the fallen all find a
place within the court, in order to influence the center

of demon politics, parts of those same factions also defy
the court. They believe they can better further their


CivpTer Five

tral

ends by not becoming entangled in the affairs of others
or courtly traditions. More than a few minor factions
exist outside the court altogether, but all of the major
factions are involved to one degree or another. Gener-
ally, the factions most influential within the court are
the least common outside of it, and vice versa

RAVENERS

These demonic nihilists are rare and secretive
within the court, but outside,of it the Raveners are
many. No one. knows exactly how many,-but more
than a few demons are concerned about the possibility
of hordes of Raveners working toward their grim
purpose. Some Raveners appear to be allied with the
Earthbound, but most operate onttheir own ot in small
groups, aided by mortal followers andyperhaps even
ghosts or other creatures they have bound to them
(particularly Slayer Raveners)

Raveners care nothing for the goal of releasing the
fallen from the Abyss or of trying to keep them there.
They only want one thing: destruction: The war is over
and the fallen have lost. All:they can do now is deny
God the prize 6f/His'eréation. If they are going to go
down, then the whole damn universe is going down in
flames with them. Demon polities and debates don't
matter. Nothing matters, because it will all be rendered
moot soon enough.

There are nearly as many Ravener plots for bring-
ing about the end as there are Raveners. Right now,
the Raveners are still newly-returned to the world, so
they are in the process of laying the groundwork for
their long-term plans. While some go off half-cocked
with schemes to incite wars or bring about doomsday
plagues, most Raveners are smarter than that. They
bide their time and gather their strength. They spent
untold millennia imprisoned in Hell. What are even a
few more mortal centuries to plan the destruction of
the world?

RECONCILERS

The Ravagers' opposite numbers in many ways, the
Reconcilersoftenfind themselves at odds with the goals
of the court. The sparks of divinity'within the mortal
flesh they inhabit have awakened the Reconcilers' own
divine nature. They do not want to openthe gates of the
Abys§ except®to help lead the other fallen toward
redemption for their'failings during and after the war
They want to heal the damage thathas been done to
Creation and help humanityreclaim at leastsome of the
paradise that the fallen rebellion took away from them.

While some Reconcilers try to work within the
court, to show others the way towardredemption and
encourage them to do the right thingy many others
consider the court a lost cause, They prefer to strike

M17

118

out on their own to do what needs to be done in order
to save the world, both from the fallen and from
itself. These Reconcilers work, singly or in small
groups, to help humanity. Sometimes they can only
help change a single human life, but they believe that
every little bit counts and helps to put them more in
touch with their own divine nature, putting aside
their Torment for a time.

The most influential and visionary Reconcilers
have greater goals in mind: organizing to help more
people and work major changes in the world. But those
goals will take time, effort, and dedication to achieve,
particularly if the court decides that the Reconcilers
have gone too far and decide to step in and stop them.
Thus far, the court tends to overlook the Reconcilers'
good deeds, since they are of far less concern than other
such as rogue Raveners or the Earthbound, but the
court'stolerance will only stretch so far. The Reconcilers
understand this and are preparing for the inevitable
confrontation, knowing that the future of humanity
and their own redemption hangs in the balance.

INQUISITORS

For many Inquisitors, the affairs of court are a
necessary evil. The court provides the structure and
support necessary for thefallen to exist in the mortal
world, which in turn permitsithe Inquisitors to con-
tinue their quest for the truth: They feel it is their
duty to support the court.and maintain it, so long as
it is useful to thems

But some Inquisitors believe thatthe court and its
ways are adistraction from the truth at best, part of a
subtleand clever trap atavorst. How easy it canbe to
get drawn into the conflicts and political games of the
court and neglect the true work of understanding the
nature of things: These fundamentalist' Inquisitors
disdain court affaits for their solieary pursuit of their
calling. Someéven beliéverthe fallen would be better
off without any courts, left to their own devices, and
see the court as a hindrance.

Naturally, these outspoken Inquisitors rarely fare
well at court, if they spend any time there at all. Often
they choose to exile themselves and focus on their
studies of the secrets of Creation. Other times they are
exiled by the pentarchy, ot flee ahead of the Bull Host,
threatened with arrest or worse because of their ideas.
They generally want nothing more than to be left alone
to do their work, but sometimes the work requires
Inquisitors to involve themselves in the world. Itmay be
that humanity (or its history) holds the key to under-
standing God's plan. Therefore, Inquisitors outside the
court (sometimes in the company of allies) travel to far-
flung places looking for pieces of ancient lore, or mortal
scholars with potential insights.

City oF ANGELS

Faustians

For the Faustians, faith is power, and power is all
that really matters any more. After untold millennia
of powerlessness and Torment, the fallen are pre-
sented with a veritable banquet of power that is theirs
for the taking, so long as they don't get too greedy. too
fast. The Faustians within the court may be willing to
share their power with others. Perhaps they hope
that they can.get the inside track on-things before
they throw open' the gates of thé Abyss and allow in
ravening hordes of demons. Other Faustians are not
so sanguine about their prospectsonce the Lords of
the Abyss are given dominion of the)Earth. They
don't want to see the sweet deal they've got going
spoiled in any way. They're also not interested in
playing by the court's rules and limiting their power.
They had to put up with millennia of limits. Now's
the time for them.t6 be free!

Renegade Faustians care about one thing and one
thing only: the art of the dealyEvery pact they make,
every thrall they acquire, increases their personal power
and gives them a new resources to protect their own
interests in the world. Every thrall is faith that's denied
to another demon, which keeps the Faustians ahead of
the game.

The trick is to be subtle enough not to draw the
court's attention, otherwise the pentarchy might decide
that you're a threat and shut you down, forcefully. That
means rogue Faustians are also quite good at diverting
attention from themselves. Give the court other things
to worry about, like an out-of-control band of Raveners
orademon-worshipping cult with no obvious ties to you
that's drawing in demon-hunters. Move the pieces
around on the board so that nobody knows where you
stand, or that you're even there. That's the Faustian way
of doing things.

LACIrFERANS

The fallen traditionalists are the strongest sup-
port of the court and its ways, but not all Luciferans
are pleased with court affairs or how things are being
handled.

First offpthere's some concern that the pentarchs
and their tindeflings'are just a little too quick to seize
power in Lucifer'siname, but slow to put any effort into
unraveling the question of their leader's whereabouts.
It's hardly a secret that many of the fallen currently in
positions of powef are}in no rush to discover what's
become of theirformer leader. They would be delighted
by evidence that Luciferis no more, since it would allow
them to€ement the hold that they have over the court.
None ‘of them openly speak such treason, but it's com-
mon knowledge that doesn't sit well with those loyal to
the cause.


Curren Five

There's also the increasing influence of voices that
claim the war with Heaven is over, one way or another.
Some demons claim victory, pointing to the state of the
world as proof that the Creator has abandoned it to its
fate, leaving the fallen to do what they will. Others say
there is no hope of victory against the Hosts of Heaven.
The best the fallen can hope for is to make a bearable
existence for themselves in the world. Many Luciferans
won't believe either claim unless or until they hear it
from Lucifer himself (and perhaps, not even then).
Only their leader can decide that the war is done.

In short, some Luciferans believe that discovering
their leader's fate should be the greatest priority of the
fallen. Since the courts seems to be dragging their feet
on the matter, too bound up in politics and personal
gain, it falls to the most loyal of Lucifer's followers to
take up the torch. While few have completely broken
ties with the court, some have gone off on their own in.
search of clues and leads that will give them the answers
that they seek. While the courts do not openly con-
demn any demon searching for the Morningstar, there
are certainly factions that do not want such evidence to
come to light (unless it affirms their own power and
position). Therefore, rogue Luciferans face challenges
from shadowy opponents within the courts.

Orner Pactioxs

The number of other demon factions is almost too
numerous to detail. None of these factions approach the
size or influence of the major ones, even put together, so
they are of little concern to the fallen as a whole.

Minor factions often come into being because of
some conflict with the nature of the demon court and its
affairs. A small group of fallen gathers around a charis-
matic and influential leader with radical ideas and split
off from the court when they are unable to find a larger
audience for their plans. Some splinter under the pres-
sures of existing outside the court, with most of their
members slinking back into courtly existence. Others
manage to survive on their own, but rarely as anything
other than fringe voices, steadfastly ignored by demons
in the know who want to keep their own place and not
antagonize the pentarchy.

DIVERGENT GOALS

What is it that demons outside the court want?
That varies from one demon to the next, but there are
certain things that all outsiders want and work toward
getting and maintaining, which the courts may take
away from them, if they're not careful.

SURVIVAL

The outsiders want to survive, just like the other
fallen. Their challenge is surviving in a mortal world
that would destroy them if given the opportunity,

without the support and assistance of the court and
their fellow demons, except for perhaps other outsiders
like themselves.

The memories and experiences of the mortal host
are most useful to the demon in this respect. Without
them, the fallen would be trapped in a world almost
completely alien and strange to them. With them, they
can deal with the day-to-day affairs of existence and
often even continue to pass themselves off as the
mortals they appear to be. Some may have difficulty
explaining changes in their personality or even appear-
ance, and so try and establish new identities for
themselves, but others can masquerade as mortals with
little fear of discovery, since in many ways they still are
the mortals they appear to be.

Survival for the outsiders means hiding their de-
monic nature from most people, since they would likely
be considered mentally ill (or demonically possessed by
some insightful souls). Existence locked in an asylum
isn't much of a step up from Hell, so the fallen try to
avoid it. Even more important is the risk of attracting
demon-hunters or world-be exorcists.

Parrn

The need to hide from the mortal world conflicts
with what the fallen need most: human faith. Humanity
has the divine spark within it that can give the fallen the
power that they need to survive and to influence Cre-
ation, ifonly the demons can get hold of itand fan it into
a flame. In order to do that, the fallen must reawaken
humanity's belief in the supernatural, specifically in
them, which risks exposing their true nature toa fearful,
apathetic, and cynical race that once betrayed the
fallen and left them to be exiled for all time. It's a
tremendous risk, but it's also the only chance that the
outsiders have to not only survive, but also prosper.

Like the infernal courts, renegade fallen have dif-
ferent views as to the best way to re-ignite the embers of
humanity's faith. Some favor the expediency of terror
and pain, but those things only feed a demon's inner
Torment, something most outsiders want to avoid.
Others create cults of personality or revive various
religious beliefs as their tools, although this runs the risk
of followers discovering that their "guru" or "messiah" is
not all that he or she appears to be (or is all that he or
she appears to be, in some cases). There are those
demons who gather faith slowly, one person at a time,
through carefully constructed pacts and deals. This is
painstaking work, and outsiders often fear they don't
have the time they need to gather their strength, not
with the infernal courts and the Earthbound moving
forward with their own plans.

Finally, there are those fallen who seek to em-
power humanity, to show them that the power is

119

120

within them, and all they need to do is believe in it.
These demons act as mentors and teachers trying to
work in harmony with mortals, inspiring and inflam-
ing them, shaping and directing their faith, passion,
and power. They're considered idealists at best, and
some wonder what will happen ifhumanity does come
into its true power? If the fallen are successful in
getting mortals to realize what they are capable of, will
they have any need for the crippled and Tormented
souls of the once proud servants of the Creator? Will
areborn and empowered humanity turn their backs on
the fallen once more, leaving them in a Hell as bad as.
the one they escaped from?

FREEDOM

For countless years, the fallen were imprisoned and
tormented. Now they are free and they intend toremain
that way, no matter what it takes. For outsiders, that
hunger for freedom extends beyond the gates of the
Abyss. It means freedom from the hierarchy of the
court, from the requirements of other demons, from the
demands of duty and responsibility. They have been
trapped in Hell, now they want to live! They want to
experience what the world has to offer them and follow
their own goals and desires.

So they flee the court and its edicts, ministries, and
rankings. They take up existences elsewhere and begin
making the pacts they need to survive and prosper,
gathering mortal thralls to supply them with faith and
with whatever else they might need. Like mortals, the
fallen often equate power with freedom, so they have to
have power in order to secure their freedom (or so they
tell themselves). But the more power they gain, the
more likely they are to attract the attention of the court
and be forced to move on, so they must limit their own
freedom, so long as they exist outside the infernal court.

This leads some outsiders to decide that the only
way they will ever truly be free is to eliminate the
courts altogether, so that no one can exert influence
over them or any of the fallen. These rebels are true
anarchists, considered dangerous threats by other
demons, and usually hunted down as enemies of the
courts. They make renegade allies nervous, since
they draw the attention of demon Watchers and
Warders, eager to stamp out rebellion and any poten-
tial threat to the courts.

SoLace

The mortal host awakens some fallen from their
Torment for the first time in a very long time, giving
them the chance to remember what they were and what
they have lost. They cling to those memories and
insights like a drowning man clings to a bit of flotsam,
trying to stave off their Torment and regain a measure
of their sanity and center.

City oF ANGELS

This is one of the prime reasons why renegades
leave the infernal court behind. They're no longer able
to fit into demonic society, which is trapped within its
own Torment. They go off to seek solace and redemp-
tionon theirown, or in the company ofafew like-minded
demons. This makes the outsiders strange, sentimental,
and weak in the eyes of their brethren, but other demons
also secretly fear what the renegades might achieve. If
they do truly find redemption, what will that mean for
the infernal courts and the Lords of the Abyss? What
will it mean for the rebellion itself and the cause for
which they fought and suffered so much?

MorvrarLirr

Some demons choose to exist in the world entirely
on their own terms, apart from the court, the factions,
and even the other members of their House to a degree.
They want nothing to do with the politics or goals of the
fallen or the affairs of the war. They may have their own
particular agenda, but most often all they want is to be
left alone. Unfortunately for them, that's the one thing
their fellow demons cannot do.

Loners are often profoundly moved when they
experience human memories and emotions for the first
time. While the fallen fought and sacrificed for human-
ity throughout the war, and felt betrayed by their
human charges afterward, they never truly experienced
what it was to be human in so direct a fashion. The
mortals whose bodies the demons inhabited were usu-
ally unfulfilled, leaving all their wants and needs, their
hopes and dreams, for the fallen to experience.

Some of the fallen choose to maintain the life of
their mortal host, as a useful fiction, if nothing else.
They may feel some connection to people, places, and
things from that mortal's life, and maintain those as
well. But a few demons not only try to maintain their
mortal life; they want to live it. They want to become
the mortal whom they inhabit, as much as they possibly
can, and forget about the glory of Heaven and the agony
of Hell. They want to be just mortal, even only for a
little while, and to experience a mortal death when
their time has come.

Even outsiders who have not abandoned fallen
existence feel the draw of humanity. It is the balm that
soothes their Torment, and they desire to learn more
about what it means to be human, as a means of better
understanding their own fate. Whereas mortal exist-
ence is a mere facade to other demons, for outsiders, it
is their hope and promise of salvation.

Enrering tHe Foip

Demons outside the infernal court must be careful.
One slip could end all their hopes of redemption at the
hands of their fellow demons or frightened mortals,


Cuaprer PiVe

demon-hunters, or any number of other enemies. Still,
the fallen understand better than any how to fight a war
against an intractable and seemingly all-powerful en-
emy. They did it for uncounted years, and are doing
again, when they must.

0

Renegades keep a close watch for signs of new
demons returned from the Abyss. They often seek
them out and offer them the opportunity to join their
ranks, particularly if it seems that entry into mortal
flesh and existence has cooled the fires of their Tor-
ment somewhat. Naturally, they compete with the
infernal court to find these newcomers and recruit
them, and they take serious risks in doing so, especially
if the new fallen is still loyal to the old order, or
entirely in the grip of its Torment

Those outside the court also keep a close eye on its
activities and its known fallen, especially for signs of
discontent and growing touches of morality and aware-
ness. They may approach such individuals and offer to
help them overcome their Tormentand leave the court
hind. This, too, is a dangerous game, since there is
always the possibility of spies, turncoats, and double
agents. Fortunately, although the outsiders feel com-
passion for their brethren, they are not fools.

Newly recruited fallen are told fairly little about
their new allies, since they cannot reveal what they do
not know. Typically, a particular outsider will serve as

trabhl

mentor and guide to the newcomer, or even a small
group of them. At first, this demon's responsibility is to
observe and help to guide the newcomers to a place of
control over their Torment. Once it is clear that they
are able to make decisions that are not entirely clouded
by their own pain, they learn a bit more about outsider
society and their newfoundallies (and, perhaps, friends)

Outsiders often disagree on what newcomers
should be told about the infernal court. Some favor
full disclosure, making it clear what choices the
newcomer has. They can go to the court or remain on
the outside. Others think it's foolish to offer even the
knowledge of the court's activities. If it's offered as an
option, some will take it. Most walk a fine line in
between, not withholding information, but not quick
to tell others about the infernal court, preferring to
focus on the work of helping fellow demons over-
come their Torment.

Bri SAKING THE, CHAINS

The key difference between the outsiders and the
fallen of the court is that the renegades have some
control over their inner Torment, they have awakened
from it because of the nature of their mortal hosts, and
have the opportunity to recall some of what they once
were, and what they could be, if only they can hold on
to their true nature.

121

122

For most renegades, the process of awakening from
their Torment began when they inhabited a mortal
host. Something about that mortal's memories and
experiences acted like a splash of cold water or a slap
in the face, allowing the fallen to focus on something
other than Torment and misery, even for a moment.
This experience allows some demons to awaken to the
possibility of escaping their Torment, or at least learn-
ing to put it aside and deal with it. Demons who
become part of the infernal court tend to quickly
forget this experience, caught up in the plotting and
pain of fallen society once more.

Onoceasion, the experience that weakensademon's
Torment comes later, usually from interacting with
mortals, Something may stir memories in the mortal
host — a familiar face, sight, smell, or sound — that
overwhelms the demon's Torment with honest mortal
feelings of fondness, duty, love, sadness, ot any number
of other emotions that show the fallen what it means to
be mortal and alive in the world.

Renegades sometimes try to induce this experience
for newly returned demons in order to shock them out
of their Torment and allow them to find their own way
Often, it doesn't work, since epiphanies are notoriously
difficult to induce. Sometimes renegades are successful
in breaking through the shell of another demon's Tor-
ment, ifonly fora moment and bringing out the true self
that has been trapped inside for so long. Encouraging
the demon to recall memories of the mortal host has
been known to help, particularly if someone knew that
person well.

KEEPING SANE INAN INSANE WORLD

Ofcourse, that initial epiphany that allows some
fallen to overcome their Torment doesn't last. Stav-
ing off the trauma that each demon carries inside is
an ongoing struggle. The renegade fallen must bal-
ance the things they need to do in order to survive
with the good of their souls. They try to regain some
of the compassionate, giving, creative nature they
once had and forgo cruelty, pain, and deception. It is
difficult, since there are forces that want renegades
destroyed or at least brought over to their side. Here
are some things that the fallen do to help keep their
Torment under control:

* Good Deeds: The renegades perform acts of
kindness and charity in order to reinforce their own
morality and sense of self. This ranges from helping
mortals in need to finding newly-returned fallen and
helping to bring them into the fold. The key is not the
magnitude of the deed, but the sincerity with which it
is performed. Small things can be as important as grand
gestures when it comes to helping a demon to overcome
Torment for another day.

Ciry oF ANGELS

* Human Life: Many fallen seek solace in the
human existence that they have taken on. It was
mortal experiences and memories that first returned
the fallen to an awareness of who and what they had
become, so demons often seek out other uniquely
human experiences for the insight that the offer into
their condition. This includes things like friendships,
community, family, even romantic relationships. They
may be things that the human host already had (but
perhaps didn't appreciate) or new experiences that the
fallen cultivate.

* Solitude: Conversely, some fallen seek to soothe
their Torment through solitary contemplation and
meditation. This is fairly rare, since demons had a
virtually unlimited amount of time in exile to contem-
plate their situation. Anything too similar to the
experience of being trapped in nothingness for all
eternity tends to make the fallen nervous at best. Still,
some find solitude on Earth far preferable to solitude
outside of Creation.

‘Tue Lost Sou.s
or Los ANGELES

This section describes some of the prominent ren-
egade demons of Los Angeles, suitable for use as
supporting characters in your Demon chronicle.

Diana Power UznarniL)

House: Slayer

Diana Fowler,gfew up in northern Galifornia, but
she came to Los Angeles several years'ago to pursue her
dream of making.it big in the music business. She put
together a band called "Foul Play" and they took their
altemative sound, Diana's songwriting skills, and her
forceful voice intozthe clubs;,playing whenever they
could, hoping to make it big. Like'a lot of bands, and a
lot of performers, that didn't happen.

Years of trying to make it, working odd jobs to
make ends meet, and playing in some of the worst dives
in the city took their toll on Diana. She got more and
more into heavy drinking and drugs, and her music
suffered, which only made her more depressed. She
finally managed to drown her sorrows in a very deep
pool of drugs and drinking and poured what was left of
her soul down the drain. Her bandmates would have
found her lying dead in a pool of her own vomit if
Izrafhil hadn't found her first.

The Slayer rose up in Diana's body and what burned
strongest in her mind was her love of music and her
desire for success. Izrafhil, a lover of music from the time
if was first created, found both Diana's gifts and her
tragic end touching. Such simple dreams, so easily
shattered. Izrafhil would make them come true, if not
for Diana, then for her band. She wrote songs intended


Civprer FIVE

to re-ignite the spark of faith in those who heard them,
to show people they could believe in themselves if
nothing else.

The band has suddenly become a lot more success-
ful, and they're in negotiations with a major record label
to sign a production deal. Diana's bandmates are aware
of her true nature, although at least one of them won-
ders if she's simply snapped, or is putting on an act as
part of herstage persona. Nobody can deny the transfor-
mation that she's undergone, or the effect it has hand of
her work.

For her part, Izrafhil has become a strong supporter
of humanity, and hopes to find and reclaim some of her
own soul through her work and inspiring others, both
mortal and fallen. The monetary gains from the record-
ing contract are just a means toward that end. It's the
work itself that matters.

Srax Rnopes (Karz)

House: Defiler

Growing up in Montana, Sean Rhodes came to the
realization that he was different, and that different was
wrong and dangerous. He hid the fact that he was gay
and waited for his chance to get the hell out of town.
When the star of the high school football team con-
vinced Sean to "help him gut" in the back of his truck
one night, Sean did. Then the guilt-ridden jock and
some friends later tried to beat the crap out of him. That
week Sean left Montana and got ora bus to California.

He found a job working ata gay barin LA, and he
quickly discovered there were alot of opportunities for
an eighteen-year-old gay boy in Los Angeles, if he was
willing to take them. Cut off ftom his family, Sean was
willing. His pictures appeared on several Internet porn
sites and he was a big hit, leading to somé live webcam
appearances and offers to.do videos. The money was
good and the work... well, it wasn't as fun as it looked,
but it sure beat bar-backing or flipping burgers.

With the money Sean'was making and the clubs he
was dancing in (both professionally and for fun) came
the wealthy men who lusted after him, and opportuni-
ties to indulge in pretty much whatever he wanted. The
Ecstasy and the K helped him to have a gooditime and
not think about the old men groping him, or the things
he had to do. It kept him from thinking about much of
anything. It definitely impaired his judgment the night
that he took too much GHB and ended up in a coma,
abandoned by his latest trick.

Sean never woke up, but the demon Kafziel
opened his eyes in a hospital bed. After an "amazing
recovery," he returned to Sean's life and had few
qualms about using his attractive new form to its best
advantage. More than a few men asked him if he was
an angel, and his answer was always "yes." Kafziel has

Se

found something of a following in the sexual-minor-
ity community in West Hollywood and has thrown
himself into a life of experiences to keep his Torment
at bay. Like Sean, Kafziel is really looking for true
love, but doesn't expect to find it.

Lars Atvanez (THEGRD

House: Deyourer

Luis' parents came to East LA from Mexico looking
for work, like so many people: Hisfather worked all sorts
of odd jobs to support his family. H@was always so run
down and tired, Luis didn't want that kind of life» He
wanted to besomebody, He wanted respect, not to work
like a'dog for nothing, Hesfound his respect by joining
up with a gang. That gave him props on the street. He
was going to be a big man.

When Luis/got cornered and beatdown by mem-
bers of another ganigi his pain wasabeacon to Thegri the
Devourer, andthe demon took residence in Luis' wracked
body. Even a half-dozen mortals armed with chains and
knives were no match for a demon warrior, and Thegri
sent them scampering home. Word about how Luis took
on six guys got around pretty fast, and Thegri found
himself in possession of what Luis always wanted: re-
spect and a reputation on the street.

The gangs of LA weren't all that unfamiliar to the
devourer. He'd een similar gatherings ofhumanity, and
their structure wasn't that different from the hierarchy
of the infernal courts. Their struggles and Luis' awak-
ened in Thegria desire to lead. Not just to dominate and
rule, but to lead by example and to reclaim some of the
honor he once had, as a soldier and warrior. He decided
that he would lead these mortals, and he would find
others of his kind willing to accept his leadership.

Luis Alvarez is a big man, and Thegr's following
has grown. He's become more adept at finding those
fallen newly returned to the world and offering them a
choice: a life of freedom, service in the infernal court, or
a return to the Abyss. Some have chosen to become
Thegri's followers and allies. The court of Los Angeles
is becoming aware of the devourer's presence, and may
choose to take action against him. It isa war that Thegri
is prepared to fight, and he intends to do whatever it
takes to win.

MIKE SHAUGHNESSUCAZALAN)

House: Fiend

Mike Shaughnessy wasa millionaire before he was
thirty thanks to a degree in computer science, a knack
for programming, and a willingness to work hard start-
ing his own Interneteompany. Ofcourse, Mike was also
practically broke just a few years later when the bottom
fell out of the dot.com industry and his fledgling com-
pany was one of the many casualties. He went from hot

123

124

shot on his way to the top to an unemployed unemploy-
able, just one of many programmers out of work and
looking for a job.

He found his way into a variety of menial jobs, but
always things that were beneath him. He knew that he
could get a new business going, but he couldn't secure
the loans that he needed. That's when he started doing
"freelance" programming on the side, a little hacking
for clients who wanted information that they couldn't
get legally. That gothim some money, but italso earned
him all the wrong kinds of connections. One mistake
was all it took for Mike's new "friends" to decide that he
was a problematic loose end.

Azalan awakened in Michael Shaughnessy's flesh
and bone after he was left for dead. He saw the shape and
pattern of the mortal's life, and the intricacy of his mind
reminded him of the beauty of the motion of the

Ciry oF ANGELS

heavens. Ithad been a long time since Azalan had seen
them. He used his own abilities and those of his new
form to create a new identity for himself. He let others
believe that Mike Shaughnessy was dead, then put his
skills to work.

There is so much that Azalan needs to know, but
he is sure the information is out there. In the mean-
while, there are more than a few demons and mortals
willing to pay handsomely for his services and exper-
tise, with no questions asked. He has even forged a
few connections with the infernal court that way,
although he's always careful in his dealings with
them. He prefers to retain his independence. He
won't be dragged back down into the Pit. Instead, he
will keep searching for the truth, God's plan for it all,
so that he can share it with others and bring them a
measure of peace.


GITY °ANGELS

CIEY OF PREAAIS

It is a city whose influence touches the hearts and minds of millions
across the globe. The fallen are drawn to LA's potent mix of power,
decadence and decay, and fearsome demons stake their claims amid the
city's violent streets and opule A boandtoo Intrigue and bloodshed
abound as ancient rivalries mix With the aiving possibilities of the
modern age, and the stage is set for an epic struggle to shape the city's
first Infernal Court.

STREETS OF FIRE

City of Angels thrusts players into the power plays, intrigues and betrayals
of fallen lords as they vie for control of one of he richest cities in the
world. Will you seize the cmporunny for power and glory from the talons
of your rivals, scheme from the shadows or unite the outcasts of fallen
society in a struggle for freedom and the souls of humankind?
