# File: Clanbook Baali.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

"ey — ; ie eo)

Ze
TRS Sr (Sx

CLANBOOK:
BAAL

A BLACK DOG CLANBOOK FOR VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES"
FOR ADULTS ONLY —

CLANBOOK:
BAALP


CREDITS

Written by: Lucien Soulban and Sven Skoog
Development by: Justin Achilli and

Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: Aileen E. Miles

Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly

Interior Art by: Guy Davis, Vince Locke
Front Cover Art: John Bolton

Layout and typesetting by: Lawrence Snelly

735 PARK NORTH BLUD.
B SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, CA 30021

USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and for blank charactersheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and
Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Trinity,
Werewolfthe Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Change-
ling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Hierarchy,
Clanbook Lasombra, Clanbook Cappadocian, Clanbook
Baali, Black Dog Game Factory, Dark Ages Companion,
Dark Ages Storyteller Secrets and Constantinople by
Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text
herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned,

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-
ters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised

Check out White Wolf online at

heep://www.white-wolf.comalt.games.whitewolfand
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA

SpECIAL THANKS To:
Chad "Meshugener" Brown, for volunteering to become
farblunjet

Cary "Metal Thing" Goff, for allowing me to demon-
strate the power of GIGA STICK FACE!

Courtney "I'm Going to Stop Reading Now" King for
sharing the horror that is The Uncorrected First Draft

Fred "Don't Even Think It, Cat" Yelk, for taming the wild
Ember

Jason "Last of the Rumrunners" Langlois, for providing
the booze that fueled the Great Work

Aaron "This is One of Our Books?" Voss, for throwing
sandbags in front of the Great Fixer Flood of ‘97

Note

Clanbook: Baali is intended for individuals over 18
only, and even then we want you to think twice about
playing one. White Wolf in no way condones any of the |
practices ascribed to the Baali herein, and wishes to
make it perfectly clear that we don't encourage anyone
to emulate anything that these guys do. The Baali are
evil, vicious, sadistic, demented, twisted, hateful —and
completely fictional. If you want to add a Baali to your
chronicle, here's everything you need to do so. If you
want to play a Baali, be very, very careful that you
separate in-game and out-of-game attitudes, and that
the other players in your game are OK with what you're
doing.

There is undoubtedly content in this book that
many people will find offensive. Remember, it is the in-
character narrator espousing those views, not White
Wolf or anyone else associated with this project. Relax,
enjoy, and if you find the book problematic, PUT IT
DOWN. No one's forcing you to read it.


CLANBOOK:
BAALI

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE: THE OPENING

CHAPTER Two: DissONANT ECHOES
CHAPTER THREE: DESCENT INTO DARKNESS
CuapTER Four: A Hipeous THRONG
FAYppennrx: To REIGN IN HELL

Appenprx Il: OF INTEREST TO SCHOLARS
AND CHIRURGEONS



w

Not because he and I are one, but because
we are opposites, I take to me the services
which thou hast done to him, for I and he are
of such different kinds that no service which is
vile can be done to me, and none which is not
vile can be done to him.

— C. S. Lewis, The Chronicles of Narnia

Like others of their kind, they have forever
said their farewells to the light.

As do their European counterparts, they hunt
the night, living on the spilt remnants of others'

lives.
But what do the other Childer of Caine truly

know of darkness?
4



ob 3 ~~
yp <=

| fnpter One:
The Opening

Fonathan, half-lost in the bliss of intercourse,
~ miles stuptily ot the naked youth straddling fis
manhood. He si8 not know the boy's name; they had
exchanged no words, The boy wns Half the age of
nbbot's eldest dnughter, Gut that meant Mitte to the
oldee man. Redemption, after all, was but a breath
nay, Waiting in the confines of His confessor's
cubicle. Stom the moment Fonathan hnd first Inid
eyes upon the boy — smooth, moon-pale skin, soft,
supple curves, long, flaxen haie spilling down past
unblemished shoulders — he had wanted him. The
whecefores of whatever spell had so suddenly entap-
tured Him were lost in the throes of His passion.
Fonnthan wanted the boy, and thus had taken Him.
Ot was that simple,

Jonathan continued thrusting, lost in the vision of his comely
companion writhing in silence. Passers-by could hear as he
took in urgent breath as the boy paused, shifting ever so
slightly while still keepinghis lover deep inside. The child rose
up once, working his hips and driving the abbot into new
throes of ecstasy. Again the pair moved together, features
contorted in paroxysms of perverse delight. Then Jonathan
thrust forward a third time, and the boy came down hard, face
twisted into an unrecognizable feral maskas the monkscreamed
in agony.

Something moved toward Jonathan, surging from deep within
the boy's bowels, It skittered through the fey child and into
Jonathan, crawling inside his sex and distending the sides.
Each continued thrust — for he would not, could not stop —
was accompanied by a searing sensation, intensely painful, yet
strangely pleasurable. The moving thing wasaswarm, Jonathan
realized in a moment of horrific lucidity between thrusts; he
could feel the chittering things forcing their way intohim, He
screamed and pitched, but could not throw off the boy; the
child-monster's thighs held him in a sensual death-grip.

The tormentand the pleasure in tandem became unspeakable.
At length, Jonathan could hear the wet snap of his hip
cracking, yielding to stresses a mortal frame was never meant
to bear. He fell, sprawling, into the merciful gulf of uncon-

sciousness.

The abbot spent the next fortnight in a fitful state of half
wakefulness, Vaguely he wondered why none of the monks
came to see him; vaguely he wondered about his duties and
masses. His nights were filled with visions of his torturer's
leering face. Then there were the nightmares, surreal tableaux
in which Jonathan's captor capered about his prostate form,
pushing, prodding, cutting. There were scenes which played
dangerously close to the edge of sanity, in which the monster
squatted over Jonathan's face, forcing blood-salty maggots
and formless writhing masses into his mouth, then holding his
jaws shut and forcing him to swallow.

The days, ifnight could be separated from day in the perpetual
darkness enshrouding him, were worse. On those occasions
when sleep deserted him, Jonathan, raw, rent and broken, was
exquisitely aware ofevery sensation his tortured nervesbrought
him. His tongue, cracked, parched and swollen from countless
stings, was about the only thing he could move. Flies landed
onhiseyesand hecould notso much as blink to dislodge them.
They were aconstant companion in his torment, their buzzan
excited drone against the slow beat of his heart. Misshapen
creatures and vermin crawled and slithered over his bloated
body, and an unseen thing — things — moved within his
abdomen with chilling deliberation.

Y

Cy)


The boy's body was cold, Jonathan noted, ascoldas the corpses
he had laid out for burial. More of the insects scampered across
Jonathan to scuttle onto the boy-thing's naked form, welcom-
inghis presence. Countless black forms darted in and outof the
boy's nose, his smiling mouth, his groin.

1m] 7 Then, one night, he awakened to find his captor waiting for
} WM YY fp rier. The child was seated upon his chest stealing his breath
| My Y and staring him full in the face with black, bottomless eyes.

"You have cow's eyes," the youth hissed as he idly caressed
Jonathan's face. The boy spoke in a voice that was too old, too
evil to come from a child. Whatever spoke in that voice had
known degradation beyond imagining. Jonathan moaned,
terrified his tormentor would scoop out his eyes with small,
cold fingers

"Cow's eyes," the creature mused, retrieving a threaded needle
attached to a skein of silk from beside Jonathan's prostrate
form. "The same wide-eyed gaze asa beast of the field. It marks
you as unaware, unsuspecting, not yet opened with under-
standing. It betrays you as prey."

The creature pushed the needle into his own palm, passing it
through his hand and out the other side. Without pausing, he
then pinched the fat of the abbor's gut into a small fold and slid
the needle through, eliciting whimpers of pain and fear.

"{ can see your thoughts through those eyes, Jonathan," the
beast continued, eyes wide as he held his victim down. Slowly
he continued to sew into the abbot's flesh, embroidering it
with ancient patterns. "I can see your fears. Oh, don't worry,
Iwon't take your eyes from you now. They'll be needed later."

Each wound closed scant seconds after the needle's passage,
made whole by the potent vitae that soaked the thread, but
Jonathan kept trying to scream until no more sounds escaped
his mouth. Silently, his body was wracked with shudders.

"Here," the abbot's grinning assailant finally said, pausing to
place Jonathan's hand over his own swollen groin. "Squeeze
that, if you will, and think about what you want, It will help to
pass the time while I tell you what you should know before
apotheosis."



The voice you hear s one and all
Vnnil; ft ts third person and first, new-
tral and personal. 2hy? Because no
one boice speaks the entire truth,

— Whe Voice of Truth


Eicut IN Ererniry: A FRAGMENT OF BAALI HistoRY

EXCERPTS FROM THE DisTRUSTFUL DREAMS OF ANGRA Manyyu THE DEcEIvER, HicH Priest oF BAAL

FIRST, O MY BEST. ELON EDS 1S THE NUMBER OF
THE ANCESTOR, WHOSE IS NOT KNOWN.
ITIS OUR IRICLE OF UNENDING
ITY OF BEING.
R DREAD LORD,
ORLD THROUGH

WHICH HE PEE

IT 1S OUR CO} THE RETURN OF OUR
MASTERS, THE TIME WHEN ALLWILLAGAIN BE ONE.

SECOND ARE THE RAZORED BLADES OF THE
BEAST, THE BLOOD-DRENCHED SHORES ON WHICH
MAN AND BULL DANCE. ARIADNE'S SHINING

THREAD WINDS ITS WAY B '€EN WORLDS THERE,
LEADING ¥ MAZE.

115. GHT - THE FIST THAT
LAsHes Fo PARRIERS BETWEEN

AGAIN TO

IT 1S OURXENEMY - c € BATTLE HOST OF THE
BRUTISH FOOLS WHOSE ARMIES UNMADE OUR
UNITY IN CRETE.

TRIPARTITE ISTHE INFANTILE HERESY OF THOSE
WHO MAKE KINGS OF CHILDREN, KNEEL BEFORE
FALSE GODS, AND WASTE THE LIVES OF THOUSANDS
IN AN INCOMPLETE UNDER STANDING OF THE MYS-
TERIES OF LIFE AND

ERECTED TO DHE:PA f
MEN. —

IT 15 OUR DOMINION - A BRIDGE BETWEEN
€ARTH AND SKY, AND ALL THAT LIES WITHIN THE
‘WORLD AND BEYOND IT.

FOUR ISTHE NUMBER OF THE CROSSED TIMBERS
OF THE CARPENTER, HE WHO WEARS A HUNDRED
NAMES AND IS TO BE GREATEST ADVERSARY.
FOUR ARE THE FABL RMED FROM HIS DEATH,
AND FOUR THE WI ON WHICH HIS BLASPHE-
PREAD.

NVICTION - THE
ND STRENGTH BORN OF
TOUR SMALLER DESIGNS.
‘2% CONSTANT REMINDER
1 OURS ARE NOT THE ONLY

SUFFERING, SACRI
BELIEF THAT CAN THM
ITISOUR WARI
THAT, FOR GooD 0
MASTERS.

SIX ARE THE INTERSEETING CORNERS OF HEAVEN
AND €ARTH, THE INDIST, eo BOUNDARIES BETWEEN THIS
WORLD AND B D ~ HE TRIBES RULED
OVER BYARAGGEDISHEPH ERD:

OCEANS.
JSON - FETTERS OF

NOT SUBJECT. ‘

SEVENTH 1§ THE NUMBER OF THE NEWCOMER,
MOHAMMED, THE ONE WHO SUBMITS, CAMEL-DRIVER,
WHO MOVES THE BLACK STONE AND FORCES HIS FLOCK
WESTWARD TO IT WHO TEACHES THE
TRADEOFTOLE! € BREATH, TRAINS
HIS PUPILS TO EXT! 5 PRICE IN POUNDS
OF INFIDEL FLE! q

IT 1S THE SPI
HOSTILITY, AND Fi
ABLE.

IT 1S OUR COVENAL ICKS OF OUR MASTERS'
BLINDING LIGHT SHINING FORTH FROM THE NIGHT SKIES.

AND, INTHE
THEIR PILGRI
.

'D BLADE OF BLIND
WN, THE UNKNOW-

ELM AND CI
Of THE UNKN:

EIGHTH IS THE NUMBER OF THE ANCIENT, HE WHOM
THE WARDENS OF WISDOM NAME ZARATHUSTRA. EIGHT,
TOO, ARE HIS REVELATIONS, EIGHT POINTS ENSCONCING THE
CIRCLES OF THE OLDEST MYSTERY, SOUGHT By THE SER-
VANTS OF THE TWO TRUE STERS, ONCE HALVES OF THE
SAME WHOLE.

IT IS A GREAT GUEF, AAWHIRBING VORTEX OF EMPTY
PLATITUDES CALI THE BRIDCE-OF THE SEPARA-
TOR. -

OR.D'S WHEEL WHICH
WILL REVERSE COU: A PEOPLE IT ONCE FA-
VORED.

AND HERE, O MY CHILDREN, HEIRS TO THE POWER AND
PROMISETHAT IS YOUR BIRTHRIGHT, UNWAVERING NOTES
ONE AND MANY IN THE UNHEARD, UNCONQUERABLE
SYMPHONY THAT IS OUR FATHER'S SONG, YOU HAVE SEEN

THE INCONSISTENCY.

CY BELOVED. HERE ALL
EARE THE ESSENCES

ve ELEMENTS, CAINE'S

NENDLESS CIRCUIT
TION; A FIVEFOLD
€ND, PORTAL AND

THE INCONSISTE!
OF EXISTENCE: FIVE
FIVE CHILDER, FI CE
DEVOID OF SYM:
PATTERN WITHOUT

OMPREHENSIBLE TO THE

MIND.
INFINITY.

BEGINS, AND ENDS,7
ITS ANU,

PROTECTOR, AN ENI
OUR DESTINY.


‘watp 02 s[nos ney parnmnsord pue
pazoquinys Aaya apryar wayp or parodsryss ‘sradaays s1uowpy>
Dyp Ino IyBNos AY], "saajasuiyp 10} sYyIS asayp por2aco pue
passassod uaip[iyO peap ays ey zamod ayp aves agin isiy amp
Suan uy ‘pa||Py pue pader Aayp asoup Jo swrearos ayp ut raMmod
pjoaun jo Sues pue ‘opin 0} paused] aqua asiy ay se Suisp
dipjosuvow ayp Ysnonp warp o2 paradsiym srodaays sep ay |
"purmayp yBnorp sumwunw sTayp 2eay mou pjnoo ‘soweuasomp
ut zamod ayp Aq paypnoa pue ‘Ino pars pey auo asiy ap ways
UDAp|IYO Joyo a4 Jo soureu aup preay pey aqua asiy ay

3svaq pearp ay SuTZaA0ouN 10} 2]qsuodsas asoup paroayuI IE
ssunfzep Jo spaas WOU YIN pases sp10Mm s,PITYD ay], 194210}
aqua asiy ayp asfueys 02 ySnoua sem ‘aaamoy ‘UO!e]A21 Jaq,
sty ‘Yous pauosiod se sorys ay oa Surquuryo Ysaysit‘saynutU
aso} b UryIM poystiad PHYO ay "papuaraeun qudM saz SI
anq {ZoD0Ns 10} pu anoso1 10} BuIAI9 ‘uarpaig sii 01 3n0 payyed
Y] ‘Ysoy Suruang pue sposnui ‘suog Suyeaaar ‘ewe parjaut
pue xem 241] paqgnq Ysoy sy "Jaaamoy ‘sprom ypu fast
avs OU pjnos yseaq au] ‘auIeU an si} Ino po|]e>.10da9]sSunkp
ay uayA Yooys punoss ay2 pue som0d parses sprom saseaq
aup jo yseq ‘oureu sip] pasino pur ‘uns aup ‘Aa spon yeauaq
poueasos pue poypiia a] "d4p]tyD ayp Jo uo pazsaooun agin
say aup "aNysy Jo Aa19 SuySpay ap opisino asnf jjom v BuiBsip
a]HY AA ‘Butadsyo s,aysru yo auo ssosse au109 02 sainaea19 3uLAY]
ASI OY 19M aqLN ISI ayp ]]e9 am sperz0W Jo pueq Y

"quawNUOW 21ayp yeauag paring Ae] 1eYM Jo surearp yrEp axp
£q ponow arom Aatp se uaa‘ 1 ay 01 suEYe pure safdway
Hat pastes Sayp ‘Aedap Jo eurore 19aMs aU 02 UANLIP S91] 24]
-saoeyd asaup 01 warp paroeme ey omod ay Jo Surmouyun
Te ‘woup[1YD aya Jo sonesB ayp Jono samroazing Aayp ‘AppueoUsy
‘uodn pon Aaya punor8 pamoyjey ay Jo aouy 19A2U ‘pop,
sissiozeu ay AJsiaes 02 pawioy ‘QTueWINFY "squIOM utp s19mp
ur wioyp yeas 0 aw pamoyye Aayp pue "warp Yoouaso sequins
D140], "punoas paimdexy ay OI Paywvesd [[e4 Up Jo siOAtAms
DY "syadap ssaysy] ay or pouado swseyp rwax8 "prea
ayp ads pey 12} SuexppryD yp sy "aBnyar yaas o1 yBnous
3uo] paatains aay awos ang "(prea ay yonns Aayp own ay Aq,
sysny pauaypeyq azn warppiyo ays joasoyy "ouney Ut paqnearn
seis BuI]]e ay] punord aya oy parourunyd pue ssupo0W
Ajusavoy s9yp Woy 119} IYBIN Jo Suudsyo ayp "uarpyD
YL "wes Suan v ay] aouaIstxa Jo suoMepUNo} axp yonns
pu azyj 43915 ay] HOM auyp panoos coueUrUUNy sip "YPeIN sty,
yam oze[ge sea Aofs oup ‘sep quaToUe asotp UT "Pog soNsInbut
dup Jo purig ay) yreauag Ajquzer parayns Aoyp pue s9A9
"oY ‘WaIpTTYD UMO sit poumeds pey ssouzep ay J "sem ax9tp
pue 2481] 9q zy 297, pauejo1d — 2], [2 02 Ysta nok
2s]9 JAdIEYA JO "Yomye X 40 "|g JO "YEITY 10 — proT ay uP
sem] "Ae pauuiojun jo dumy e ang seas Aarrewny pue auo |jns
a1am sisoy s,uaaay Ways ‘eI axoyaq ou e sem B29],

HaRL | LSul-| SH


MYHa MOOUNHTD

20 ‘91 BurBueyp pue aueU v jo 008 aYp SUPP] "uoIppYD aya
jo soweu atp aanyip 02 pouzea] pue sannua snorzea atp punore
sq]no panos sardjooe ueINyy "AJa19]du109 o1Bew sip uo sy>eq
rayp wm 02 ySnous pidnas jou sem aqua asiy yp pue ‘aaamoy
‘gamod paused |]hs samear asoy Jo soweU ann oy],
"azaymas|o 11 3908
01 ans 10U pjnom Aatp ‘sppom-weaip siarsuoW ayp Ut auider
Juatoyyns sem axaup se Suo] s\y "Aqey|Ny s,razapanw e yar daajse
watp Buidooy ‘Arasru pue ysinSue jo spunos ay yam siasuout
asayp Jo swreaup axp payyy Aeyp ‘wayp 01 paurewar AnTex0w jo
sparys rey Suloytsdeg "UoRepesSap pue pL UI pamoyjem pure
sa110 InsITeqLuUeD UT yam yp paunodap ‘saajaswoyp pare]
-nnuu ‘uaupy!yp umo natp pader ‘uanparg notp pair aqun
ysny aup ‘dogyse uaippyD ayp daoy 0] "ssoupnyayem 01 1950]
UDIP|YD op SuyJes ur sounquas ays sao parsem uaaq pey
se somod yonuu sv ‘Yamod 3002 surearp 19493 asoyp ut podden
warppiyg ap deoxy o2 ng ‘suoneuIew! pozdAay sty) UE
yuo paasixo yeyp pplom mopeys e Burns ‘sweoap s19yp UT Pal]
Aatp adajs qs Aaya AtoUy 20U pIp siadaays ap ‘AjaxeuNnI04
Suryem pur wasp waaarog Jpiog ayp Uo Sulz9q201 paurewal
oIp[TYO aup ‘2oueusxsns jo weans {pears ejo paatadap sAyareq
‘asodand sat pandas 158 Sty J, "ssausnoI9sUOD 02 J9s0]> UAIPHYD,
ayp adwiaa 02 ‘wayp ort zemod aypeaig 01 "way yeads or 3uLeP
soAoU ‘SIYBNOY aay UTYpIN soureu pasinooe ayp pry Aoy,
:pynoo Aayp Burp Aju ayp pip uaxppyD atp jo sardjooe oy
‘A[parejag "ssoupep pur yreap Woy WaYp I9910Id ou pjnom
aotazas sagin ayp pue ‘dais wean yee jo ayem ay ut peaids
pinom sonsejg "issojoo 2y!] pom ayp apins pure uayeme pjnom
sia]seUr 1U9TOUe ap UOOS ‘SUOIIDe AIUD Jo asnedag "ssayyOM
seq apnataies roy yetp pazipear aqua aszy ayp ‘AypenuaAg
"ssOUITYDYEA 01 1980] P]LYD k pay|nd zoypar 2weyp ‘payer
seat aureu 8 9UIT Yea puk ‘SauTeU sT9Up SeaV A119 01 UAP|LYO
ayp parsyiaa ay Sup AJuo ayy "surearp stay Jo apisino
pom up jo oreae sow uaIpprYyD ay apeur agin rs1y oy
‘squreu pasino asayp Yat SurAeyd Aq ‘294 asio x, "Uap|yspuess
pue uaipjyp soy or uo quaUIPE sty passed Ady se aids
UI paxousia ing "Ysoy aya Ut SuoNs ma13 aqua asty oy],
"uoiseqU0S
ayp speaids soweu asoup Buryeadg "ynos ay sarydone rey
uonno1ge snorda] jo puny e ‘aseasip & Suryore 01 ure st saweU
adsorp SuIMOUD, UdAg "Uaxods aq 01 soweU asoyp 105 SUTUAIST]
sSunp shemye ore a1oyp pue ‘pauorwur vaya sppom aus sso13e
oype 03 samod atp aavy saureu urer9C "a1eI9q}[9p SI LoTsstUIO
yong ‘suoned st sou aqin asiy ayp aurew saypiou | reqp ‘asn
[ suza) ap (PIM onBea we | WYP paoaoU aay dew NO;
"Bura13 axp 10} 10 ‘Buryer oyp 10y aaxy s9AdU st 19MOg "Jom se
nod 19A0 Avans 71 soai3 ouIeU ann s Surppauios Surmouy ‘ajdoad
aanmuud jo souerous! ayp st yong "woyp s9A0 Jomod ann
aavy pjnow Aayp sammears iueUsreur asaxp jo soumeu ann ayy
Burmouy Aq rexp BurAdtoq ‘Joaomoy "ytey peg Ut UTeB1eq ay
poadaooe aqua isiy ayy "Azowowt peurow wos way paysinb
cuva Ady], Udy aoUDISIXS S1oIseW ATOy2 SuLaquIdUIO! jo
uaping ayp perdasoe spe1sow ayy *sardjooe statp auredaq aqua
ast 9yp "uaIpHYD ay Woy diysiosuods 10) oBueyoxa Uy


masking it behind foreign mortal languages enabled a suffi-
ciently cunning priest to draw upon a fraction of a sleeping
entity's might without rousing it. The power thus gained was
less than it might have been, but the risk was also proportion-
ally lessened, and for these priests that was good enough.

Ieis ironic that the creatures you know now as demons
were once revered as Mesopotamian deities — who were in
turn distilled from muddled representations of the sleeping,
demoniac Children. You may sleep well knowing that the
names assigned to the Children these days hold little power —
centuries and generations of conquering languages have di
luted theirstrength toalmost nothing. Occasionally, however,
some fool stumbles across correct string of letters and intones
it well enough to capture...unwanted attention. The Chil-
dren slumber fitfully yet, and their dreams are less pleasing to
them than once they were.

WELLS OF SACRIFICE

The first tribe, under the guise of various mystery cults,
served the faceless entities for many generations. They played
a careful game of taking power without compromising their
survival. As other tribes waxed powerful, members of the first
tribe came to them as priests and holy women, bringing them
learning, rites and rituals. They also brought with them the
worship and abuse of the power of the Children, but masked
itwell, so that entire cities turned theirstrength to serving the
Children without knowing that they were doing so.

The strongest cule dwelt in the city of Ashur, tending to
a now-hidden well and protecting the remains of the first
Child uncovered generations earlier. The well was a marvel
anda terror to the people of Ashur, but they never wavered in
their reverence. Over the centuries, the cult of Ashur made
constant sacrifice into the great well. When Ashur made war
on other cities, they sactificed prisoners and slaves; when
Ashur was at peace, they stole livestock and children with
which to make offering. Victims were eviscerated and their
blood collected in stone jars; organs were carefully removed,
read for augury and tossed in the well to rest on top of previous
victims' corpses, When no augury was needed, cultists tore
sacrifices limb from limb with their hands and teeth, then
threw the broken bodies into the well. Come nightfall, the
collected blood would be poured over the still-warm corpses,
brewing a draught of corruption and rotting flesh in which
great swarms of flies buzzed and bred.

This ritual of murder and dismemberment, however,
could not go unnoticed forever. Other powers of death walked
the world even in those days, and knew when reverence was
done unto them.

Is it any surprise, then, that a Cainite of great power and
majesty found the well one night? The priests of the first tribe
raised their voices against him, using even the forbidden
incantations, but they were as wheat before the storm. The
power of his voice struck the priests dumb and silenced their


cries; his gaze struck down the weak-minded and feeble. Those
who were strong in body but not in mind he ripped limb from
limb, then tossed aside as long shreds of flesh. Those who were
strong of mind but not of body, he commanded to rend their
own bodies with long knives, and they did so. Those who were
comely he forced to couple, then he melted the flesh of their
bodies and their bones together. He drew forth their ribs from
their bodies so that each thrust was an impalement, and
watchedas they died. For the Cainite had witnessed theirrites,
and found them wanting. He hadseen their rituals, and wished
to show them that their depravities and atrocities were as
nothing, that they were children playingat evil. And lestnone
remain to learn his lesson, he tossed the bodies of his play-
things into their own pit, and let flow his own vitae into the
well. Three mortals survived to lap up the blood that he gave
unto them; only three, from the hundreds who had wor-
shipped at the well.

The following evening, these three victims clawed their
way out of the organ pit. They were filthy with gore, caked in
blood and howling with unquenched fury and madness. Their
creator had abandoned them; their patrons had deserted
them. They were mad and hateful and thirsty for death

The Bali had been born.

THE THREE

Three Baali arose from the well of carrion, each equal to
the others in power. Three Cainites howled madness at the
uncaring stars, each thrice removed from Caine in blood. The
three Baali did not know the name of their sire, but as they
learnt more about their existence, each came to ascribe his
existence to a different progenitor, and to hate his fellows for
hewing to different beliefs.

The first of the three was Nergal, the terror behind the
legend of the Babylonian deity. He remained within the
cradling arms of the Tigris and Euphrates, eventually estab-
lishing the city of his cult, Mashkan-shapit. Of the three, he
was the mostadept in dealing with other Cainites. He believed
his sire to be none other than Ashur, who bore the name of the
city where the Baali were born. He chose to Embrace those
outside the first tribe.

The second of the three was Moloch, who went by the
names Andramelech and Ba'al Hammon. He was the progeni-
tor of several orders, including the Avatars of the Swarm. Like
the proverbial plague of locusts, he spread the Bali across the
Phoenician Empire. He mostly Embraced those descended
from the first tribe.


Aisuur THE UNNAMED

Few mysteries of any sort have plagued Cainite scholars with such persistence and urgency as the details of
the origins of the Baali, not to mention the identity of their mysterious progenitor. There are many, many tales;
mutually contradictory accounts that blame everyone from Caine to Saulot to demon-kings of the mysterious
East for the plague that is the Baali.

The libraries of European ancients are rife with accounts of a Mesopotamian slave-boy, sole survivor of a
long-dead empire, who was supposedly "brought into darkness" by an ageless wanderer. This devil-child, it is
said, continues on his twisted quest with his twelve disciples to this day.

Arabic legends instead point to the ruins of a forgotten city, erected in the crater of Chorazin, where "a ball
of blinding flame, shining as even the Eye of Allah, fell from the heavens." In this city, these legends maintain,
a lost nomadic tribe was unwittingly snared into the service of "the fly-king whose minions ride the bodies of
men."

Still older, Eastern apocrypha tell of a warrior-philosopher — Ashur, god-king ofan unconquered empire,

‘great king, legitimate king, king of the world, king of Assyria, king of all the four rims of the earth, who rules
from the Upper Sea to the Lower Sea." This semi-mythical ruler's continued efforts to push the boundaries of
his realm eastward, past Thebes and the cruel peaks of the Zagros, ended in failure...

.And enigma.

Chaldean lore traces the Bali progenitor to the northlands of Cappadocia. Other sources insist that his
concealment and desire for seclusion, Assyrian or otherwise, stemmed from a hideous deformity hé carried back
with him from the Far East: a third, unsleeping eye, which, legend has it, could see into the fears, secrets, and
dark desires of man.

Which tales contain the truth? Were the Bali born of Ashur-called-Cappadocius? An unnamed ancient
from the East? Gentle Saulot himself? Or another wellspring entirely?

The secret may lie hidden forever. In the meantime, there is no shortage of speculation, though scholars
who draw too close to the truth may find themselves studied in turn...

ECHOE;


Tue Lorps

Vampires have always assumed that the name
"Baali" referred to Baal, the Canaanite deity of fertil-
ity. It does not. The name instead serves a dual
significance, born from the cultures of ancient
Mesopotamia

The name of the Bali stems from the word
Ba'al, meaning "Lord." Throughout Phoenicia, for
example, every town hada Ba'al — Lord —or Ba'alat

Lady — who was undisputed master of the city.
Bavalat of Berytus was a nymph whom Adonis love
Heracles had the title of Ba'al of Tyre, and Carth:
worshipped Moloch as Ba'al Hammon. The
bloodline's name is thus an indication of the Baali's
self-assigned importance, but it is also a means of
hiding one's real name. A person who identifies
himselfas Baali and by no other title protects his true
name, and forces others to call him by a name of
power.

The Mesopotamian empires used the appella-
tion Ba'al to hide the names of their gods, thus
preventingothercultures from "wooing" their deities
away. The Baali adopted this practice to hide the
identities of their secret lords, and ascribed the name
Ba‘al to the sleeping Children. Cainites stumbling
across Baali scriptures mistakenly drew a connection
between the beings the Baali called Ba'al, and the
entity by that name whom mortals worshipped. This
served the Baali well enough, as it obscured the
names of the Children even further even as it de
graded the bloodline's perceived origins.

Meanwhile, Ba'al, through legend alone, turned
into Baal-zebu or Beelzebub the demon. He became
the "Lord of the Flies" when the Istaelites worship
ping Jehovah told the Philistines that Beelzebub was
a god of "little things," such as flies and bugs. During
the first Crusades, Ventrue-backed Knights Templar
uncovered a sect of Avatars of the Swarm — an
ancient Baali sect worshipping plagues of insects
in Tyre. Unsurprisingly, the Crusaders drew an erro
neousconnection between these Baaliand Beelzebub,

Lord of Flies," further cementing the mistaken per-
ception.

Unfortunately, the Baali of the last millennium
have fallen prey to their own propaganda, Younger
Baali mistakenly believe in the mortal version of Baal
as their patron demon, rather than seeing "Ba'al" as
a title ascribed to the true powers the bloodline
venerates. This misconception aggravates the rift

between the various orders and generations of Baali.

CLANBOOK: BAALL

The name of the third of the three, and even its gender,
remain a mystery. Nergal and Moloch rarely spoke of their
sibling, but each would grow wroth at the mention of the third.
Some claim the third Baali was the lover of one or the other,
or boths others claim that it was in fact a pair of lovers merged
at the organ pit. The presence of hermaphroditic deities in

rious ancient pantheons is evidence of such, supporters of
the latter notion claim.

The most popular explanation is that the third Baali is
female, but even those who accept this idea argue vehemently
as to her name. Some support the notion that the third is
Zillah; others claim Lilith herself. Still others say she has no
name and is simply called the Crone.

Throughout the ages, dozens of usurpers claiming to be
the third one have come forward under a host of names:
Pazuzu, Ahriman and even Ba'al himself. All were charlatans,
of course, and each was revealed and destroyed in turn. Despite
the many suppositions surrounding this apocryphal third Bali,
there are some historical questions best not probed too closely.
Loose tongues have a way of being cut out, especially when
they wag with tales that the third was none other than the
revered Saulot himself,

NNERGAL'S LEGACY

In Moloch's words, Nergal was the whore of the Baali. He
was powerful, but self-centered to a dangerous fault, and fully
convinced of his own dark divinity. He consorted with other
childer of Caine before they knew any better, and wormed
their secrets out of them through pretty words and seductive
whispers. Nergal served as Arikel's wench, traded secret vices
with the Antediluvian Tzimisce and debated philosophy with
Troile. How he must have laughed at their stupidity.

Nergal's center of power was Mashkan-shapir, a city on
the banks of the Tigris. It was a place of wondrous advance
ments for its time — it boasted two harbors within its
battlements, river streets for ships and a temple to Nergal over
a quarter of the city in size. Mashkan-shapir served as the
center for Mesopotamian Baali for centuries, sheltering the
malignant darkness beneath the skirt of its walls. In his vast
temple, Nergal conducted corrupt rites, afflicting his mortal
followers with plagues and sloughing the flesh off their bones
with which to decorate his temple interior.

Within Mashkan-shapir, Nergal was god. According to
myth, he was the Lord of the Underworld and consort to
Ereshkigal, the princess of the Kingdom of Shadows. The
D'habi, a line of ghoul priests well trained by Nergal, managed
his temple. They served their master loyally and without any
hint of mortal or moral compunction.

Nergal's knowledge of the Children's true names was by
far the most complete ofall the Bali. Fortunately, through the
efforts of the first tribe, the original names of the Children had
long since been lost. Nergal was forced to rely on secondary
names and false titles with which to elicit help, and as such he


was far weaker than he might have been. This knowledge of
his inadequacy gnawed at Nergal, who plotted cease
add to his power.

Nergal 's dark hungers drove him tocommitabomination
upon abomination, and when prophecy told him how it might
be accomplished, he grew willing to sacrifice his own city in
return for power. Demons and lesser creatures had whispered
to Nergal that a Child slept beneath Mashkan-shapir; the
mortals had supposedly sensed his presence and named him
Namtaru, Spreader of Plagues. Nergal knew how to contact
this through rituals of summoning, but did not know
the sleeper's true name. Nor could he locate Namtaru's body
despite massive excavations beneath the city, though he
drove his subjects to tear up all that they had buile in the
search. At length Nergal decided that the only way to awaken
Namtaru was to offer him a suitable sacrifice. The form that
sacrifice would take was to be the mortals of Mashkan-shapir.

To feed the sleeping Namtaru, Nergal planned to release
virulent and deadly plagues upon his own populace, but his
own priests betrayed him. In fear for their lives, D'habi ghouls
sought out Moloch and told him of Nergal's machinations
They understood the danger of awakening Namtaruand knew
that their master would sacrifice all to the delusion of his own
godhead. Moloch, wishing to prevent a Bali "civil ith
Nergal's children, in turn betrayed his brother to the clans
The move cost the bloodline dearly, but there was no other

way. Other Cainites were already suspicious of the Bali, and
Moloch's revelations strengthened their fears, but the alterna-
tive was too terrible to contemplate. The hatred of the clans
would be as nothing to the appetites of an awakened Child.

Theclans played the part Moloch expected ofthem. They
assaulted Mashkan-shapir — albeit in highly disorganized
fashion —and slaughtered the already disease-infected popu-
lace. The corpses were heaped on pyres and reduced to ash in
order to end their contagion forever, and then the city itself
bore the Cainites' wrath. They razed each building to the
ground, but Nergal's power shielded his temple against intrud-
ers. Against the barriers Nergal had erected, even the mightiest
Cainites hurled themselves in vain.

Finally, Lasombra priests to the goddess Ereshkigal, using
powersnow lost to the clan, penetrated the temple through the
shadows that hovered within and flooded Nergal's haven with
liquid darkness. Nergal and his remaining loyal followers were
washed away by the black tide and vanished into whatever
domain from which the Lasombra summon their servants.

Mashkan-shapir died on that day. The Baali charade with
the clans was over, however, and many from the bloodline had
already been destroyed as a result. Others, more wary, slipped
away into the wide world to work their rituals in seclusion


Mo oc AND THE
ORPHANED

Moloch was far quieter and less brash than Nergal. He saw
the ancient Children as necessary tools, yes, but he knew that
to awaken them was to invite disaster. Moloch advocated the
pursuit of quiet agendas and subtle machinations, a direction
that displeased many Baali. Regardless, Moloch's word was law
among the remaining Bali. Any who dared to question him
felthis wrath. Moloch's tongue burnt like acid when ittouched
flesh, and few survived his attentions long. Some few did, and
bore their scarred flesh as mute witness to Moloch's displea-
sure.

When Mashkan-shapir fell, the Baali dispersed through-
out the Fertile Crescent, Arabia Felix and North Africa. They
hid in Sidon and Tripoli along the Mediterranean, claimed
Wabar in Arabia and remained ensconced in Ashur on the
Tigris. The Akkadians ruled Mesopotamia and the D'habi
switched allegiance from Nergal to the Baali (serving the
bloodline as a revenant family).

As Moloch suggested, the Baali remained hidden, pursu-
ing their agendas quietly, watching and waiting over the
following centuries as new mortal empires came to the fore.
Sumerian, Babylonian and Akkadian pantheons absorbed and
renamed old deities —some of them masks of the Children —
to fit their own purposes. Most Mesopotamian "gods" were
fictitious creations of mundane imaginations, but occasion-
ally, an actual name of power surfaced in a foreign pantheon.
How certain mortals came to learn of these things, the Baali
never knew, but by pride and lineage, the Baali believed those
names were theits to use and theirs alone. The first tribe, from
which the Baali were descended, had been the first to discover
the power of names; that knowledge was theirs by right. Alas
for the Baali, then, that someone betrayed their knowledge.
The traitor sowed the seeds that would blossom into true
infernalism by spreading names of power to other vampires
Moloch never realized this traitor was none other than Nergal
himself. All the details of this horror, however, unfold later.

Another problem facing the Baali was the emergence of
those called the Orphaned. These were descendants of Nergal
who found themselves bereft of a sponsor following the de-
struction of Mashkan-shapir. Various orders under Moloch
tried to indoctrinate those they could, but many refused to join
the servitors of their ancestor's Judas. Some followed lesser
philosophies and espoused the worship of minor names —and
here we see the roots of the Baali who believed in mortals'
feeble Baal as their god. In general, however, the Orphaned
were not subtle in their actions, nor did they see the harm in
summoning various heralds of darkness to this world.

To pursue and punish these wayward factions would have
cost Moloch much time and effort, and he was weary still from
the battle with his brother. He allowed the Orphaned to
continue to exist, lying to himself with the excuse these fools
served him better as decoys, boogeymen to serve as a distrac-


tion for the Baali's enemies. Rationalization firmly in place,
Moloch allowed them to exist. He encouraged their acts of
senseless barbarity and mockingly applauded their so-called
"accomplishments" because it diverted attention away from
him and his goals. Cainites destroyed the cults of Pazuzu,
Ahriman, Baal and Mot in turn, never realizing the fools that
they massacred were weak and worthless in the grand scheme
of things. No great evil was destroyed in these crusades of
blood; only nests of self-important fools. While this distrac-
tion served Moloch well, it also weakened his position within
the bloodline. Despite threats of torture and even death, more
and more Baali defected to the ranks of the lesser Orphaned.
Some of the traitors were potent Baali, and brought with them
names of power.

As the years passed, this trend continued. Though the
Orphaned were troublesome, Moloch's brood was safe from
most external attention. Their greatest adversary, however,
would soon arise from within the bloodline itself

SHAITAN,
THE GREAT DECEIVER

Two millennia before the birth of Christ,
hispresence known in Ashur. He appeared out of nowhere —
powerful, ancient and devious beyond any the Bali had ever

en. He claimed to be the bloodline's progenitor, father to the
first three, and grandsire to all the rest. The Orphaned flocked
to Shaitan's banner, but Moloch remained quiet on the
matter. He forbade those beneath him from fraternizing with
Shaitan, but took no other action. The Baali later learned
Moloch had been granted visions of the destruction to come,
and he sought a means of weathering the coming storm rather
than rushing into senseless conflict. Other Bali were not
privy to this knowledge, though, and thought his inaction was
cowardice.

The Orphaned quickly rallied beneath Shaitan's flag;
those who refuted his claims of lineage died of a virulent
plague that turned Cainite vitae into dust. In response, Moloch
gathered the strongest Bali who were still loyal to him and
took refuge within the cities of the Phoenicians along the
Mediterranean coast. Only a few trusted disciples remained
with Moloch in hiding.

Asthe older Bali suspected, this Shaitan was acharlatan.
Unfortunately, he was a potent charlatan with many secrets,
the first of which was his identity. Shaitan was Nergal. His
previous attempt to summon Namtaru, the D'habi's betrayal
ofhim and his supposed destruction at Mashkan-shapir hadall
been an elaborate ruse. There was only one kernel truth to the
entire matter: Nergal did indeed intend to awaken Namtaru,
but quickly realized he had neither the support nor the time to
complete his plans. So Nergal did the only thinghe could, and
acted exactly as they all expected — to a point.

Nergal told the D'habi to betray him, and conditioned
them to forget they were following his orders. He infected the
populace of his own city to lend weight to his threat and then


waited for the repercussions. When Mashkan-shapir fell, it
was one of Nergal's childer, disguised as the Methuselah, who
vanished in the flood of darkness. The real Nergal had long
since traveled to Ashur.

Over the centuries, Nergal sent a small supply of blood to
the D'habi so that they could bind their children to him with,
the Blood-Oath. This kept the family blood-loyal to the Baali
Methuselah. With the D'habi as his eyes, ears and hands,
Nergal infiltrated the Bali orders and learned their secrets.
When the time came for his return, Nergal knew his enemies
and their weaknesses intimately. He then infected enemies
with the blood-dust plague by poisoning the vitae of his
ghouls, or assassinated Baali opponents using a corrupt sect of
Assamites — who will be discussed later. The Dhabi, how-
ever, remained his perfect assassins and spies.

When Nergal chose to appear again, he did so under the
guise of Shaitan. His centuries of isolation served him well, for
he knew that Namtaru's resting place was in fact north of
Galilee. He seemed to regard Moloch as beneath his con-
tempt. Shaitan ignored his brother for centuries and spun a
web of lies to enthrall the more gullible Baali. He promised
them a kingdom of darkness and built Chorazin, a palace of
shadows, over Namtaru's tomb. What Shaitan really needed
followers for, though was as foot soldiers to delay his enemies
while he reawakened his lord.

Shaitan eventually uncovered Namtaru's desiccated but
dormant form, and brought the giant sleeper to Crete, which
had been a stronghold of the Orphaned before Shaitan's
arrival. The bloodline then constructed a great maze below
Knossos, around the body of Namtaru, to focus the ritual of
awakening, It is said Shaitan peeled open the skulls of 700
mortals, studying the surface canals and chasms of the brain as
inspiration for his labyrinth. Bali who were not privy to the
Methuselah's methods believed the maze spelt out the true
names of dark entities Shaitan was trying to awaken, and
wandered its corridors tracing sigils of power with their foot-
steps. Fed by sacrifice and song, Namtaru grew stronger. The
waters around Crete tumed blood-red, quenching the thirst of
any Bali who waded in it, and the sun refused to shine on her
shores, Namtaru himself stirred, exercising its will to shield
the island from the accursed light that vanquished it eons ago.
The Child's very presence caused nature itself to recoil from
his touch, turning water to vitae and air tosmoke. From farand
wide the scattered Baali came to Crete, drawn by whispers in
their dreams. Shaitan was ready to unmake the world as soon
as his lord awakened, and wished as many of his brethren as
possible to bear witness.

In an unusual show of solidarity, the clans united to stop

haitan. They could not breach the island's defenses, and so
were forced to drastic measures. Calling upon ancient powers,
they commanded the island of Thera to belch forth a cata-
clysm. Earthquakes, titanic waves, astorm ofash anda torrent
of liquid fire claimed Knossos; Shaitan reputedly died when
the labyrinth partially collapsed and the ritual of summoning

CLANBOOK: BAALI

DESPERATELY SEEKING SATAN
Asect of Christian-born Baali believe Satan is
already walking

crucifixion, according to Christian theologians,

nong society. Following Christ's

the Son of God journeyed to Hell before ascending
to Heaven. During His sojourn into Hell, Christ
reputedly defeated Satan and rescued Adam from
the torments of the afterlife. He then sealed Hell
forone millennium, atthe end of which time Satan
would supposedly return with his son, the Anti
christ

Afterannouncing this revelation, the Church
belatedly reali
threat for the wicked, even the devout could act
without fear of retribution in the afterlife. To
al bleedit
rowed Limbo from the C

1 that without Hell to serve asa

staunch the spiri i, Christianity bor

sand Romans as the
temporary opposite to Heaven. The prescribed
millennium p:
evidence of Satan anywhere on the horizon.Church
cd that Satan was already

on Earth, wreaking havoc and mischief in subtle

sed, however, and still there was no.

theologians then theori
ways while preparing for his attempt to storm
Heavei

Many Christian-born Bali believe thistheory,
and commit flagrantacts of depravity in hopes that
Satan will acknowledge them. While the terrible
reputation consigned to the Bali is well-earned,
this segment of the bloodline is by far the most
violent and blatant in its activities. Indeed, these
would-be Sata
Baali to worship Christian devils
proclaim that they do so loudly and often

nists are the reason most believe the

they certainly

was interrupted. Namtaru, buried again, fell back into ficful
slumber. It was too weak toawaken completely, but grew more

aware of the world around it. Ie was no longer trapped in
dreams.

Although Nergal is long gone, his legacy isnot. Occasion-
ally, another "Shaitan" surfaces, claiming to be the original.
More often than not, this new Shaitan gathers a small group
of followers before whatever Cainites are in the vicinity
destroy him. Invariably, a weak "Shaitan" will gather a cult of
those who accept him as the returned messiah or caliph, then
feed on their devotion and sacrifice until such time as he is

annihilated, and his followers with him. Most Baali dismiss the


impostors as suicidal glory-hounds; a few wonder if they are
stalking horses for Nergal or even the real Shaitan, lulling the
Baali into complacency so that a real return might be rela-
tively unopposed

Nergal is also responsible for humanity's familiarity with
certain names of power. Nergal did learn the true name of his
master before the end, but was afraid to share his information
with anyone. He did, however, distribute secondary and
masked names to humanity and lesser Baali, so as to weaken
Moloch's monopoly over knowledge. These inferior names
were still useful enough for petitioning "demons" for small
boons and gifts, however. The practice of true name rituals
spread from the Bali to other Cainites, eventually blossoming
into the practice of infernalism.

THE FRACTURING AND
CARTHAGE

With the collapse of Knossos, Shaitan was gone, though
his foul legacy remained. The Orphaned were lost without his
guidance and control, and fracturing under the growing reli-
gions of the kine. New orders formed around the monotheistic
cults of Judaism, Mithraicism and Zoroastrianism. The Or-
phaned claimed they infiltrated these cults to corrupt the
beliefs of man, but they sought the subversion of these new
doctrines only because they lacked direction and guidance. In
essence, they needed to believe in something else—orat least
have something to work against. Witnessing this, Moloch's
Baali knew their lesser brethren had become like the cattle
they tortured. They no longer knew whom they worshipped or
why.

Having wearied of Tyre, Berytus and Sidon, Moloch
gathered his disparate allies and left for Carthage on the
northern coast of Africa. Carthage was, in the remaining
centuries before the coming of Christianity, the jewel of the
Mediterranean. She was the premiere power of the oceans and
wealthy beyond comprehension. It was a perfect playground
for Moloch.

The Baali claimed Carthage's shadows as surely as the
Brujah claimed her structures and populace. Do not allow the
Brujah to tell you otherwise when you speak with them. In
their desire to build something greater than Caine's Second
City, they consorted with the Baali, Whether it was to gain
more power in the courts of Carthage, to increase personal
wealth or improve their standing within the clan, young and
old Brujah alike secretly petitioned the bloodline to enrich
their holdings and help immortalize their city. Slowly, delib-
rately, subtly, the Baali desensitized the Brujah to the growing
brutality of their own actions. lewas the Baali who advised the
Brujah to make ghouls of Hannibal's war elephants, so that the
animals could withstand their journey across the Alps and
wreak that much more havoc. It was so much easier for this
clan of "philosophers" to Embrace and drain their victims
when the Baali convinced them it was for the greater good of

the city todoso. Oh, the Brujah deny it now, but in Carthage,
Moloch rose to become Ba'al-Hammon, a god. Troile even
looked the other way when kine sacrificed their children to
Moloch, and when their limbs and organs filled the scarcely-
hidden Baali wells.

While Troile despised the Baali presence, he and Moloch
had a special rapport that mystified all who witnessed it.
Moloch suspected Troile of having a taste for Diablerie, and
encouraged this aspect in him. Eventually, Troile would drain
others to lessen his thirst, sharing his feasts with his beloved
Moloch.

Over the centuries, it became easier for Moloch to talk
Troile into committing various perversions. It started with
the drinking of Cainite vitae, when the Bali Methuselah
convinced Troile to drain his enemies as a lesson to others.
That worsened the Antediluvian's thirst. Troile then Em-
braced victims simply to drain them of their vitae. After afew
decades of this, Troile began attending rites at the organ pit
and watched as Baali sacrificed children in his presence.
Although he never took part in the rituals, he watched
quietly. Moloch once told his most trusted childe, Tanit, that
Troile came to the rituals to see if any shred of his conscience
was left to decry the atrocities he witnessed. There was none.
The Baali celebrated Troile's continuing plummet, not real-
izing that in the century of Moloch's friendship with the
Antediluvian, the two had become Blood-Oathbound lovers.

When Carthage finally fell during the Third Punic War,
the Brujah dream was already dead. Troile suffered the kind of
quiet depression that eventually leads to the triumph of the
Beast, and even his own childer deserted him. They fled
mostly out of shame for what they had done in the name of
Carthage, blaming the Bali and the Roman Ventrue for their
weakness, of course. The Baali had merely shown the Brujah
their true faces, and nothing more.

As Troile fought the invading Cainites who accompa-
nied the Roman army, the Baali were shocked to see Moloch
fighting alongside him. The Blood-Oath between the two
forced Moloch onto the field of combat to protect his lover.
The Baali saw both fall —twined in each other's arms —and
melt into the ground. The Romans, guided by their Ventrue
and Lasombra masters, salted the earth and performed rituals
to prevent either Cainite from ever rising again. The Bali
could have interceded, but Moloch had sadly proven himself
weak. He allowed another to gain the advantage over him;
despite his standing and lineage, he had earned, and thus was
left to, his fate.

Following Carthage, the Brujah despised the Baali with
special vigor. They say their uncontrollable rage comes from
the loss of their ideals, and the Baali are inclined to agree. It
is just that the Bali know that the Brujah lost their ideals, not
when Carthage fell, but rather when they prostituted their
ethics for power and legend. Deep down, the oldest Brujah
know this. Such knowledge isa curse they will carry with them
forever, and a wound the Baali enjoy salting when they can.

CHAPTER TWO: DISSONANT ECHOES


ROMAN Empire &
JMoNOTHEISM

It took decades, but well after the fall of Carthage, the
Baali: successfully infiltrated Rome. The sheer number of
Methuselahs vying for power in the Eternal City made it
impossible for the bloodline to interact on a political level —
not that they wanted to — but there were other avenues of
influence. Cainites enjoy playing games of politics, but fledg-
ling religions do not concen them. Only when a religion
becomes an institution and nota code of ethics do they show
any interest in manipulating it.

In the first centuries after the fall of Carthage, Rome was
a hotbed of different faiths vying for attention and adherents.
The populace had long since tired of the old pantheon of
Roman gods, and sought enlightenment and divine favor from
other sources. The strongest of these cults was that of the
Ventrue Mithras. Mithraicism was a religion whose doctrines
attracted the military, butone whose beliefs were open toslave
and master alike. It preached moral obligation, prohibited
divorce and demanded celibacy. It was a hard religion, but it
had many acolytes among the elite of tired Rome. Unfortu-
nately for the Bali, the Ventrue Methuselah Mithras and his
childer controlled the cult tightly, and resisted any attempts
at infernalist infiltration. The Baali could not find a way to
erode support for this religion from within, ergo they chose to
attack it from the outside.

While the cult of Mithras maintained multiple temples
across Rome, Christianity hid in the catacombs. The Bali saw
the potential within the cult of martyrs, however, as it offered
forgiveness rather than demanding the stern morality of the
Mithraists, and thus could be positioned in direct opposition.
‘The Toreador Beshterand the Lasombra Montanoalso worked
to raise Christianity to a place of ascendancy, and thus the
Ventrue's attemprata new and rigid state cult was smashed by
an unlikely, unknowing alliance.

When Rome eventually fell to the Germanic hordes, the
Baali believed Christianity had taken her last sharp breath.
The Trinity of Methuselahs who went east to forge
Constantinople, however, ensured it survived as part of the
Eastern kingdom. In truth, the Baali were happy enough tosee
it continue; it was easy enough to manipulate arguments over
doctrine into full-blown heresies in those fervid days.

‘WINGS OF PLAGUE

In the 6th century, the Baali discovered just how danger-
ous Shaitan's legacystill was. Although the Setites thoroughly
controlled Egypt, Egyptian Baali hid in the shadows there.
Many were followers of Shaitan who escaped the destruction
of Knossos, and first among them was Hay-Tau, a childe of
Shaitan reputed to have learned some of his father's skills.

Unfortunately, Hay-Tau was also a Setite thrall and respon-
sible for betraying his own sire at Knossos.

CLANBOOK: BAALL

Shaitan followed Namtaru, but hid his lord's true name
carefully. His childer, on the other hand, worshipped this
demon of plague through one of 36 other names. Under
Christianity these names became known as the Decani, 36
spirits of disease. Hay-Tau must have learned more than just
corrupted names, though, forhe stirred Namtaru, the beast of
plague, from his slumber.

The Baali's only warning of the danger to come was a
blight that erupted from Egypt in A.D. 541. It spread to
Constantinople — killing thousands — then skittered across
Europe, to Britain and finally Ireland. The disease ran its
course, dying out before it could murder the whole of Europe,
bur the devastation was terrible. Things would have been far
worse had not Cainites — Baali among them — interceded
and destroyed whole villages before infected citizens could
spread the plague. The effort sufficed, even as Bali in the
British Isles discovered that Nosferatu working for Hay-Tau
spread the disease through their control over vermin.

The older Baali called for a pogrom against the Egyptian
Baali and their agents, but the bloodline lacked the unity and
strength to wage war, alone, on Setite soil. Those Baali loyal
to Moloch's vision waited for what they thought was the end
of the world while their lesser siblings continued their "mind-
less" ways. The end neverarrived, however, and the Children
remained dormant. The older Baalifinally surmised that Hay-
Tau lacked the power of his sire, and could not awaken
Namtaru despite his best efforts. Unfortunately, the blood-
line missed the opportunity to act upon Hay Tau's weakness.
Islam was rising in the east, throwing the Levant into a
maelstrom and preoccupying the Bali with new problems.

Tue NIGHT oF BREAD AND
PARCHMENT

Following the birth of Islam, the Baali faced a battle on
two fronts. The first was the prophet Mohammed's war
against the pagans of Mecca. While nobody expected the self-
styled holy-man to emerge victorious, he won two successive
battles, and, at the time he attracted the Baali's attention, was
on the verge of winning his third. The city of Mecca itself
would have been a minor loss to the Baali, since its sole
importance was the Kaaba, an edifice where adherents paid
worship to several pagan deities. The main threat posed by
Mohammed, however, was the startling unification of the
Assamites beneath the prophet's banner. Several infernal
assassins who worshipped Arabian demons made Mecca their
home, and ifthe city were taken by Mohammed, and were the
city to fall those Assamites would almost certainly be de-
stroyed by the invaders.

By the time the Bali received the news, however, it was
too late. Mecca had fallen to Mohammed, and the Islamic
Assamites had captured their rebellious brethren. Unfortu-
nately, that was not the end of the matter. The corrupted
assassins confessed under torture, revealing all they knew of


the Baali. The united Assamites used this knowledge to sweep
through Arabia Felix and the Fertile Crescent, destroying a
dozen nests in under a week. They also eliminated the Baali's
holdover the cities of Baghdad, Yathrib, Acre and Sidon. Any
Baali they captured were hung upside-down in shielded boxes
and left in the sun. Each box had one pinprick-sized hole that
allowed a thin ray of sunshine through. Moving slowly as the
sun set, the beam would travel across the body of the Baali,
cutting him in half like a slow hot blade.

After each raid, the Assamites left behind loaves of
unleavened bread as their signature; a move of arrogance,
perhaps, but vain and foolish mistake nonetheless. Stung by
the hunt and by the insult, six of the strongest Baali nests met
at the Ibli-al-Akbar organ pit in Damascus to perform a ritual
to counter the clan of assassins. The ritual took months to
prepare, during which time the Baali used two captured
Assamites and sacrificed over 200 mortals. Each victim in-
gested a drop of assassin blood before the Bali hung them
upside-down and affixed weighted hooks to their flesh. The
weights pulled on the hooks, slowly flaying the mortals in
agony. The Bali collected the blood that flowed from these
victims, distilled it through alchemy and offered the resulting
elixir to the Decani. Once the elixir received the blessing of
the Demons of Disease, the ritual-master force-fed the con-
coction to the two Assamites, then sacrificed them over the
organ pit. That completed the compact between the Decani
and the Baali, thus cursing the Alamut Assamites.

The Baali had decided that if they were targets of the
assassins, then all Cainites would be hunted as well. Though
itexacted a terrible cost, the Baali ritual increased the blood-
lustofthe Assamites, turning their ritual practice of Amaranth
into an insatiable desire to consume. The Assamites tried to
hide their addiction behind philosophical lies, claiming their
desire to become one with Caine fueled their hunger, but this
rationalization was a flagrant distortion of the truth. The
Assassins starved after vitae with an animalistic hunger,
earning them the hatred and fear of the other clans, rather
than the admiration their war against the Baali should have
won them.

‘The second area of contention for the Baali involved
Islam's thirst for knowledge. Despite Moloch's earlier efforts,
lesser Baali inevitably stumbled across or discovered knowl-
edge thought well-hidden. Callow Cainites thoughtlessly
distributed this forbidden knowledge to others, and like Hay-
Tau's plagues, it spread.

The Baali's greatest enemy was Islam. They initially
ignored this cult, denigrating it as a religion of tribes, but the
tribes swiftly united, becoming a nation. That nation invaded
others, becoming an empire. Suddenly, shockingly, the reli-
gion that had inspired a great machine of war also served to
revive the knowledge of the ancient world. Baghdad became
a center of learning. Scribes within Baghdad's "House of
Wisdom" translated texts from Greek, Hebraic, Sanskrit,
Coptic and Aramaic into Arabic.

To worsen matters for the Baali, the Saracens acquired
the art of paper making from the Chinese following the Battle
of Talas. With translators working from Islamic Catalonia and
Cordoba in al-Andalus, ancient texts were scripted in Latin
ontoacheaper medium. Until that time, the greatest library of
Europe, that of St. Gall, held only 36 volumes. One nobleman
even paid fora copy of the Book of Hours with 120 acres of land.
With the courts and scribes of Cordoba at work, knowledge
became widely available to the mortal scholars of Europe.
Suddenly new grimoiresappeared, making the compiledknowl-
edge of the ancient world and names of poweravailable for any
who could read. The Picatrix, the Book of Wisdom, the Sword of
Moses, the Key of Solomon, Sepher Raziel and Lemegeton all
flooded into Europe, properly translated and relatively inex-
pensive. Reputed names of power and rituals of summoning
could be found within these tomes, either in plain sight, or
hidden in codes and numerological ciphers.

To the Baali's horror, they discovered that one or two of
the true names within these new books were accurate. Sud-
denly, the knowledge that they sought to keep out of common
hands was available to mortals. The lesser Baali reveled in this
accomplishment, for they believed they were spreading their
evil, butall they did was weaken the bloodline's main strength.

Tuis PLAGUEY DARKNESS

The troubles with the Assamites only heralded the
bloodline's growing problems. While the elders of the blood-
line dealt with the clan from Alamut, younger Baali orders
fought for the acquisition of Chorazin, Shaitan's former throne.
The palace of shadows remained hidden north of Galilee; it
was a skeletal city whose might faded after the destruction of
Knossos. Many followers of Shaitan, however, prophesied that
whomever discovered Chorazin's "lower city," and the secrets
contained therein would rule the bloodline. That promise
alone was enough tosend fortune hunters flocking into the lost
ruins, with predictable results. Most never uncovered the
entrance to the lower city, while those who did vanished and
never returned.

In the 11th century, a Bali named Azaneal came across
texts claiming the fabled gate of Chorazin was hidden in living
shadows. The Bali decided that this riddle dictated his course
of action; clearly, the only way to explore Chorazin's shadows
was to use the masters of darkness, the Lasombra, After a
century of searching for infernalist Lasombra, Azaneal met
and formed an alliance with members of an angellis ater coven.
(see Libellus Sanguinis I: Masters of the State) in Valencia.

Shairan had indeed hidden the gate to Chorazin's lower
city within the murky shadows, and the angellis succeeded in
opening that gate. What they discovered was a buried city
beneath Chorazin, built after massive excavations uncovered
the body of Namtaru centuries ago. The city, surmounted with
wards that killed many coven members, held secrets and
wisdom that would have beggared the mind of Solomon.
Greatest among the mysteries was the hallowed pit where

CHAPTER TWO: DISSONANT ECHOES


Namtaru had slept for centuries. During his fitful sleep, the
Child scratched symbols and words into the stone walls of his
tomb. The script thus created was of such power that it did not
wait to be read, but simply leapt into the minds of those
present. The new knowledge shattered what remained of the
souls of Azaneal and his accomplices; they became little more
than husks filled with Chorazin's darkness incarnate. A thirst
for blood, perhaps to fill the void in their souls, and a lust to
be sole inheritor of Chorazin's wealth overwhelmed the self-
control of the intrepid explorers. They fell upon one another
in bestial rage

Only Azaneal survived that night, albeit changed. He was
still Baali, but armed with an inherent understanding of the
shadows of his own soul and the doctrines of the angellis ater
with which to guide his actions. Azaneal made Chorazin his
home, and wenton to Embrace Baali loyal tohim alone. With
a core group of supporters, Azaneal announced his mastery
over Chorazin, and demanded the Baali unite under his
standard. Many younger members of the bloodline flocked to
him (a good thing, as all of Azaneal's childer proved sterile),
but older Baali ignored his call. Azaneal repaid their consid-
eration by declaring war and attacking many venerable nests
throughout the Levant. For the first time since the manipula-
tive heresies of false-Shaitan, Baali openly opposed each other
—one of many struggles marking the end-times, according to
more than one prophet of doom.

AN ADveRSARY'S AFFAIRS

This is where the Baali are now. It is too late to stop the
tainted knowledge from reaching the far comers of Europe, but
itisearly enough yet to punish the guilty. With the Assamites
and Azaneal's war in the Levant, many Baali have fled to
Europe. The eldest Baali seek quiet refuge here while newcom-
ers are comfortable enough with the Christian world to build
new nests across the Frankish kingdoms. Survivors of the older
orders find those nests they can, eli
themselves and then betray the
Usually this tactic of sacrificing the young and foolish sates the
clans' bloodlust for Bali vitae; the rest are left in peace when
the other Cainites return home, satisfied that they are now
"safe" from the Bali menace. Even the old ones of the
bloodline must be careful, for there are still those Cainites who
remember the Baali from Mesopot
tales of Mashkan-shapir and Knossos from their sires. Azaneal
isalso rumored to have sent two generals into Europe to recruit
new Baali and infernal allies.

ate the dangerous ones
mainder to the local clans.

a, or who have heard


ENDGAME

Shadows crept in from the edges of the chamber and darkness blotted out the ceiling. Only part of the stone floor was visible in
the dim light, its surface encrusted with brown stains, Flies and wasps crawled across the walls and floor, hovering in droves over the
dried blood. Their wings buzzed incessantly in the still and silent air. They waited

Standing with a lantern in his hand, the young man remained motionless. Above him, Jonathan hung from a thick chain
suspended from the ceiling; intricate stitchwork covering his naked form. Jonathan screamed, as he had been screaming for night
after night, but no sound issued forth from his parched throat. His ears had been folded over and melted shut with burning oil. The
boy had inserted a fly into each ear, however, and Jonathan now spent his time listening to one fly who whispered its secrets to him
The other fly ignored Jonathan and rolled flecks of his earwax into a ball

The young man watched impassively as his Jonathan spat, then choked. A fly, coated with an oily mixture of saliva and blood,
emerged from between his parted and cracked lips. Several more followed. Jonathan could no longer even attempt to cry out as
escaping flies filled his throat; his neck bulged and his eyes widened in mute panic. He twisted upon the chain like a hooked fish,
writhing with agony as the insect tide bubbled forth from within him. The young man nodded approvingly and left. The swarm
would emerge from this human chrysalis without his help, and the young man needed to watch the other mortal hosts during this, the
crucial birthing season. It was time to awaken the darkness



Hescent into.
Harkness

IT charge thee to return and change thy shape;
Thou act too unly to attend on me,

Go, and cetuen an of} Feaneiscan fein;
Ahat holy shape becomes a devil best.

— Christopher Marlowe, Doctor Faustus

Tho Bonli ace among the lenst understood
Cainites in the Dock Medieval worlds, Though
they ace Sogged by the curiosity and speculation
of other Cninites, the Banli and their goals,
organization and darkest secrets are ultimately
mysteries fo outsiders. Qkny sho pry too closely
either Sestroyed by the bloodline or subsumed

1) ff,


FALRMIES OF
DaARKNESS

Their precarious position leads the Baali to choose their
progeny with greater care than any other contingent of Cainite
civilization. The majority of the bloodline's conscripts were
initially subverted from other clans (conversion being seen as
the greatest tribute possible before their patron), but this
practice isnow changing, no doubt due to the greater care with
which Cainites school their childer these days. Fledglings, on
general principle, are now carefully plucked from the ranks of
the mortal intellectual and spiritual elite — scribes, scholars,
schoolmasters. Harlots, soldiers and artisans are selected less
frequently, and only when a situation demands their special
talents,

There is one exception to this traditionally meticulous
selection, however; aboveall other things, the Baali are drawn
to those possessed of sincere and unflinching religious faith.
They will stop at nothing to force, seduce, corrupt or cajole
such individuals to their cause. Whether this fascination
comes from simple sadism or an obsession akin to that of a
moth's for the flame, none but the newly converted can say

OrGAN Pits AND THE BECOMING

The Baali are a bloodline divided by different religions
and philosophies. One practice that remains constant, how-
ever, is the creation and use of flesh as the central facet of
consecrated ground. Upon the creation of a new temple, the
Baali construct a pit to store the dismembered bodies and
eviscerated innards of their victims. These pits grow larger
over time and can measure from a personal bath to an
underground cistern in size. The most infamous of these
abattoirs are the Ashurite Well beneath the ruins of Ashur,
the Iblii-al-Akbar beneath ancient Damascus, and "Hell's
Mouth" aboard the Dark Magister. The last is a Moorish pirate
ship whose holt is filled with two centuries' worth of victims
and booty. Manned by a crew of Bali and infernal Lasombra
corsairs, the Dark Magister stalks the Mediterranean coast
The most common rumors have the ship's home port being
somewhere along the North African coast, possibly near
Tripoli.

Some Baali cling so closely to derived tradition that they
use these "organ pits" to Embrace their progeny. A sire slits his
own wrists and pour his vitae into asevered human heart. This
vessel is then placed in the center of the pit — or at the
bottom, depending on the size. The sire drains his thrall to a


point near death, upon which the weakened mortal must
reach the heart by crawling or swimming through the pit.
Once there he may feast upon it and Become a vampire.
Should he fail, his remains fill the pit as a lesson for his
successors

This ordeal is as ritual as it is selective. The Baali only
Embrace the strong or those determined to survive. The act of
reaching the heart is important to the bloodline, but the act
of devouring it is even more significant. By eating the heart
and taking the vitae stored within, the new Baali essentially
Embraces himself through strength of will. Rather than forc-
ing the Kiss upon another, thereby making a victim of anew
Cainite, the Baali prefer to succor those who can seize the
Embrace for themselves.

EMBRACING THE DEAD

The Baali still occasionally poach mem
bers of other clans, subverting them to the
worship of their dark master. Such initiat
re-Embraced by the Baali in horrifying ritual
fashion. The initiate isdrained completely by a
Baali nest-master, who then allows the pseudo:
neonate torecapture hisown blood by draining
him in turn. While this bizarre practice does
not quite re-enact the Embrace, it does firmly
stamp the initiate as Baali, For more informa
tion on these creatures, see the Merit: Apostate
on page 44.

ELLY OF THE
EAST

Like many other immortal creatures, the Baali seem
drawn to places of antiquity. They make their havens in
abandoned churches, long-disused temples, overgrown ruins,
subterranean caverns, labyrinthine catacombs, and other
forgotten places. The more closely the site is tied to religion,
the better —almost as if the creatures are irresistibly drawn to
that which they most despise.

Itis additionally rumored that no Baali can linger in one
place for very long without betraying hints of her identity or
true masters. Is this because of their unforgiving pantheon's
demand for flagrant acts of worship? Indiscretion brought on
by a gradual uncoupling from sanity? Exposure to incompre-
hensible things outside the mortal world? A curse levied upon
the bloodline? Or something else entirely? No one knows for
sure, though the most pessimistic among the clans think that
the Baali simply wish to spread their taint as far and as fast as
possible.


Whatever the case, aplace frequented long enough by the
followers of Baal tends to accumulate certain signatures
Elaborate carvings appear on and around abandoned caverns
and rock faces. Snippets of conversation in alien and ancient
tongues are overheard by passers-by. Hideous deformities are
seen in livestock, and stillbirths soar in the region. Milk goes
sour overnight, and bread refuses to rise. The longer the Baali
remain, the more pestilential the signs of their presence
become.

Although such occurrences are generally dismissed by
"educated" men and women as superstitious claptrap, they
serve as prima facie evidence to those (occultists, Tremere, the
scattered witch-hunters who will become the Inquisition)
aware of what such things really mean.

CLAN HIERARCHY

Despite their fractured, ideologically divided identity, the
overwhelming majority of the Baali adhere to a single, loosely
organized sequence of authority. This informal structure is as
solidly rooted in necessity as it is in tradition, and no Baali
breaks it without good cause. After all, both the mortal and
immortal worlds loathe the Bali, and a solitary member of the
bloodline is unlikely to weather that storm for long.

Above all else, of course, there are those who are called
Ba'al ("Lord"), who sit at the head of the pantheon the Baali
venerate. Although They are known by Their followers to
wear a thousand faces and answer to a thousand thousand
names, those faces and names are almost exclusively mascu-
line. Subsects devoted to other deities (such as Astarte, once
thought to be the maternal countenance of Baal-the-Father)
are believed to have died out with the final sack of Carthage,
though no Baali will admit to the existence of such cults, and
noone else who knows is prepared to volunteer information on
the subject

Beneath the Ba'al banner, there abide any number of
lesser monstrosities — creatures of legend, such as the disease-
lord Decani, unnamed insectile beings, sanity-shattering
embodiments of formless chaos and others of the stuff of
nightmare. These are the masters most typically venerated by
individual Baali — although all see the Ba'al as foremost
among their patron powers. Indeed, most fear the possibility of
even hearing a true name, much less gazing upon the unearthly
presence of one of the Children. Many Baali gladly indenture
themselves to an eternity of servitude to one or more of a
Child's underlings in hopes of meeting with eventual favor.
Not all take even this step, however, and even the vast
majority who do refer to the beings they serve as "demons." To
doso is safer —and less terrifying to even the Baali themselves.

Those chosen few Cainites who are granted (and can
endure) direct communion with a slumbering Master, how-
ever, are exalted as his messengers on Earth — the highest
among the high, as it were. In the East, these heralds and
prophets are called the shaitan (after the first of their order,

CLANBOOK: BAALI

My Kiss

L remember watching in horror as my sire, a
Brood Mother, gave birth to the swarm. They ate
their way to the surface of her skin, breaking
through their prison of flesh
turn, fat with her vitae. She took a handful of them
and crushed them in her grip. Their red-black
ichor dripped from her fingers as she drank my life,
then she forced ker dying brood between my jaws. I
died then, but the blood within the Swarm brought
me back. This is the ritual you and I shall reenact
this night; take what wisdom you will from my
story

ich emerged in slow

The Avatars of the Swarm are the only
Cainites able to pass on the Kiss in this fashion
However, while a Brood Mother may carry thou-
sands of living monstrosities within her, the insects
need living human hosts in which to reproduce
The hatching cycle generally takes 2-4 weeks, at
which point all of the newborns chew their way
out of their host, find their Brood Motherand take
up residence within her flesh. The process,
unsurprisingly, is always fatal to the swarm's origi
nal meal.

Brood Mothers Embrace on a timetable dic
tated by their inhabitants. When a swarm reaches
critical mass within a Brood Mother, she will see
between oneand seven disciples to infect with hi
children. All of these, assuming they survive the
Kiss, will eventually become either drones to the
Swarm or Brood Mothers in their own right.

Two or three brood insects, bloated with
their Mother's blood (though it should be noted
that Cainites of either gender can serve as Brood
Mothers), contains sufficient vitae to ghoul a
ortohelpbindaCainite through
Blood Oath. It is believed by Baali historians that
it was through use of the Swarm in this fashion

mortal human

that Nergal-called-Shaitan was able to ghoul the
entire D'habi line over the centuries.

whose name ("devil") has been perverted from its original
meaning, "one who sees"). These ministers bear the favor of
their father like a divine brand on their persons for all of their
number to behold. Such legendary figures, however, are not
often seen walking the land, exceptin the direct fulfillmentof
their Father's will.

Beneath the shaitan, what was once an ancestral and

rigidly formalized culture has since collapsed into fractious
feudalism. Some few pockets of elders still exist, and they


)) I) observe and enforce the ancient ways. However, they are an
Wy increasingly endangered minority. In these dark nights, the

i] Wi remaining Beali cling toons another in covens of five to.
Y} dozen members, scattered across Europe and other, foreign
Yj

shores. Occasionally a renowned member of the bloodline
accumulates a larger following, either through direct appoint-
ment on some special crusade in the name of the shaitan (such
lieutenants are known asal'shaitan), intricate political naviga-
tions or repeated effective demonstrations of brute force, but
such uprisings are relatively rare. In general, traditional Bali
seem content to bow before their covenmasters (and mis-
tresses), working as subversive threads in a sinister tapestry to
further their Masters' ultimate ends.

And the nontraditional ones? For them, there can never
be enough blood in the streets.

NUMBERS OF THE
BEAST

As has been pointed out previously, there are as many
entities called Ba'al by the Bali as there are aspects ascribed
to them. Below are some of the best-known, or more accu-
rately, most nefarious.

THE DESTROYER

City streets drown in the cooling corpses of the plague-
dead. Fields run fallow from the blood of a thousand battles
This world slips closer to oblivion with every passing moment

Free me, if you will, and I will return to my masters' side,
hastening the end of all. Destroy me, if you can, and my
essence will join that of so many others, flowing unchecked into
the cracks we have opened in your world. In either event, it will
be hard for you to continue — very hard indeed — knowing
what you now know.

We have already won

Those who venerate Ba'al-called-the Destroyer seek an
end toall things, that their masters might enter into this world
and begin again. Such was their goal in the palace of Knossos;
such continues to be their goal in the lightless labyrinths and
catacombs where they still scuttle in darkness. They do not
seek the wanton slaughter of innocents, but rather to inherit
the legacy of incessant chaos, and to grant a birthright to the
next turning of the cycle of oblivion

Many among the Baali bloodline who deserve the "blood-
thirsty cultist" stereotype with which they are so frequently
identified are these "Servitors of the Void," as many are wont
to call themselves. Militant disciples of ultimate destruction,
they have been behind assorted fabrications and folktale:
about depraved infernalists and demon-worshippers. Indeed,
to welcome the coming of their venerated Masters, they
engage in blatantly obscene rites and rituals, and even muster

great armies, mortal, monstrous, or otherwise, in misguided
attempts to slaughter entire cities


Fervent devotion, unfortunately, often drowns in unrea-
soninghatred and bloodlust. In recent centuries, many of these
devotees have lost sight of their ultimate goal, and are becom-
ing inextricably entangled with (and indistinguishable from)
so-called Satanic hordes, diabolical hosts, and other Western
conceptions of the infernal. Most of these corrupt sectarians
have degenerated to such a state that they have come to
believe in such deviltries themselves, and have turned their
eyes from the glories that sleep beneath cities like Chorazin

Tue Laprys

Wear this medallion when you come to greet
your brethren. Itis the Labrys. Within Crete, it was
the standard for the House of the Double-Axe,
better known as the Minoan symbol for the Laby-
rinth. It represents the homed head of Ba'al, whose
blows crack like thunder and split open the skulls of
our enemies. It is also the weapon with which we
shall smite the wall of the divine. There is power
within this symbol, for those who wear it choose t0
become the wolf, not the sheep, the victor and not
the victim. Other Cainites have forgotten its
meaning, so you may wear it in their presence
without fear of reprisal. Anywhere your gaze comes
upon the emblem of the double-axe, know that your
brethren are nearby.

THE CELESTIAL

Let me put the question to you in another manner, one
better suited to your upbringing. "O Lord, is it good unto thee
that thou shouldst oppress, that thou shouldst despise the work
of thine hands, and shine upon the counsel of the wicked?"
These are the words of Job. They are the words of a despondent
man, innocent, yet suffering and near death. These are his
words, hurled in supplication at an allegedly benign creator who
considers himself to be beyond judgment. These are the words
of a blind man bemoaning a lifetime spent in blind servitude no
better than that of a kept dog.

Many Baali insist that sages such as Solomon, beneath
their Gnostic, Qaballist and mystical trappings, all served the
same masters — lofty powers beyond shedim and seraphim,
beyond Heaven and Hell, beyond even such meaningless
distinctions as "good" and "evil." Over these beings, in aplace
none can follow, their creator rules, a nameless, omnipotent
entity akin to the Judaic YHWH or Tetragrammaton:

Following in the footsteps of their predecessors and
parent cultures, angelic (and demonic) scholars use millennia
of compiled charms and circles to yoke otherworldly beings to
their will. These Bali do not often make their presence

CLANBOOK: BAALL

known in Cainite power struggles; such temporal concerns are
unimportant to them. They are more concerned with the
lifetime of lifetimes they have with which to acquire knowl
edge — with the ultimate goal of using that knowledge to
achieve godhead. Occasionally one such creature (or, more
likely, her summoned minions) emerges from solitude to
acquire some trinket or grimoire her circle does not already
possess, but such occasions are few and far between.

These "Celestial" idolaters, with their thousand names,
credos and magics, are among the most difficult of the Baali to
identify, much less hunt down. They do not acknowledge a
common name or pantheon of godlings; such names are
known to have true power in the hands of those suitably
informed (or indiscreet). Celestials are often found in associa-
tion with mortal and Cainite occultists (including
Cappadocians and Tremere), many of whose beliefs and
theories intermesh perfectly with their own — disparate parts
in an unholy union.

THE SWARM

You look upon us, and all you see are demons and
monsters. I look upon you and see nothing but a tool, a birthing
vessel for the swarm, a brood mare for a greater power. Ours is
the dark womb from which all sprang, and to which all will
return. Ours is the vision that has been lost and regained
through the shattered glass facets of the fly's eyes. And ours is
the chorus whose voices soothe the dreams of pain and death.

Some Baali claim to hear the siren song of their masters
that much more clearly than the rest of their brethren. To
them, the world stirs with a secret symphony, the strains of
which have long been chittered by some of its oldest inhabit-
ants — insects.

Avatars of the Swarm (for their ideology admits none of
the familiar Cainite concepts of siring or generation) unfail-
ingly cling to a single unifying principle. Their sole purpose,
or so they claim, is perpetuation of the swarm ftom whence
they were born, and promulgation of the sweet songs that issue
therefrom. To this end, the insect-beings employ mortal
prisoners as grotesque birthing-flesh for their larvae, defy
traditional conceptions of death through the cultivation of
gargantuan organ-pits, and gather in great subterranean hives
— the better to perfect their unity.

Ironically, these servitors — drones in service to their
progenitor, who is king, queen, mother, father, and shelter to
them all at once — are among the most tolerant of Baal's
children, for they work to unify all oppositions into their
vision. Theirs are the parts made strong in a seamless whole.
Theirs is the secret that has slept since the birth of the world.
And theirs is the great rebirth that will herald the return of
darkness, under a sky blackened by billions of beating wings.


THe MysTERY

You creatures are such sublime embodiments of contradic-
tion. Empty platitudes regarding the nature of love and
forgiveness flow unchecked from your mouths, like sweet fluids
from an open sore — and, in the same moment, you murder,
maim, ravage and consign yourselves to an eternity of igno-
rance in some zealot's deluded crusade for truth

Others have taken up your quest — others who have cast
off the shackles and blinders they unwittingly forged for
themselves. From what immortal well did we spring? What is
our purpose? Where will we go when all this is past? Walk with
me, and surely we will discover the answer.

Icisnot known which of the faces of the Children are, or
might be, the "original," but scholars of the enigma of exist-
ence have been a part of human society for as long as human
society has existed. The same holds true for vampiric philoso-
phers of the primal urge, and especially for the Bali. For as
longas the bloodline has existed, certain of its members have
pursued that ultimate Why.

The Bali most devoted to the question are alien crea-
tures, who have turned their unflinchingattentions away from
the lesser concerns of society, solidarity and even survival in
contemplation of their Masters' mysteries. Theirs is the secret
at the center of existence, the riddle that has plagued the
universe since the beginning of time. Such ancients have

forsaken everything petty and temporal in their single-minded
quest for the ultimate answer, and will let nothing stand in
their way of their plan to uncover it — or crack the world
trying.

Driven by motivations even they do not fully understand,
these "Children of the Enigma" frequently regard as earth-
shattering that which seems inconsequential to others. Indeed,
some younger Baali dismiss these scholars as being more
Cappadocian than Baali. They prize nothing so much as
enlightenment — however alien the notion might seem to
others of their kind —and thrive on fierce intellectual debate
over the smallest matters. A coven of Children of the Enigma
may convene to plan for a ritual sacrifice one night, concen-
trate their attentions on corrupting clergy the next, and then
abandon both courses of action in the interests of arguing the
implications ofsome obscure Sumerian prophecy. As irregular
as they are insidious, the Children may hold the key to the
bloodline's ultimate triumph — or they may be ineffective,
deluded fools.

Tue Murrirupe

Some of those few who have heard more than old wives'
tales about the Baali believe internecine squabbles rooted in
individual (and often irreconcilable) philosophies, practices,
and political divisions to be the sole reason the Baali have not

CHAPTER THREE: DESCENT INTO DARKNESS


Boop AND SHADOWS:

Tue Lecacy OF AZANEAL

Atlength the chanting stopped, and the cavern
was shrouded in silence. The first of the bound and
blindfolded initiates was dragged before the
assembly, past the bonfire and across to the far side
of the cave, where the shadows of the observers
danced and played against the rock wall.

Producing a wickedly curved dagger from his
sash, the high priest brought the blade to bear
against the pallid flesh of his forearm, cutting so
deep that the light shone on bone. The blood flowed
freely down the priest's arm as the firelight threw
the crimson stream's shadow against the far wall.
Two acolytes held the captive's head skyward to
catch the shadow-drops of blood as they plummeted
down the rock face.

And the initiate screamed.

There are those among the progeny of
Lasombra whose focus on the darkness within
gradually becomes an obsession with the darkness
without. These devil-worshippersare called angellis
ater, or ‘black angels' (s
Masters of the State).

The particulars of these infernalists' first meet-
ing with the Baali are not known. However it
happened, the unholy alliance has proven to be a
strong one over recent decades.
childer, and their disciples, demonstrate a mastery
over darkness thought to be the Magisters' exclu-
sive birthright. At the same time, the courts of
Philip of Swabia and Pope Innocent II] are known.
to be rife with Lasombra manipulators, some of
whom just might be agents of the infernal. And it
is whispered that great Moncada himself consorts
unseen in his cathedrals with unearthly beingsand
steely-winged angels, though woe betide any who
accuse the Archbishop of anything less than a
perfect faith.

Players and Storytellers may wish to intro-
duce Baali of the Azaneali strain into their
Chronicles. For such creatures, Obtenebration
may replace either Daimoinon or Presenc
Azaneali Baali, more often than not, are soulless
vessels — puppet-husks wandering the world at
the whim of their diabolical m ts. Some, like
‘Azaneal himself, retain some measure of free will,
but their blood is weak — all of their childer are
file and cannes paces Cines cine.

CLANBOOK: BAALL


triumphed. The more energy they expend on internal strife,
the less is available to use in an attempt to summon the
universal demiurge.

Despite their fervor and fanaticism, it is clear that a
fundamental division of ideology and practice strikes at the

practitioners, leading to vicious battles
between nests, and even the occasional betrayal of the odd
infernal school to mortal witch hunters.

FAposTAsy AND
ABSOLUTION

The Bali propensity for exploration and veneration of
the vile and unspeakable is as much a part of their legend as
their fearand revulsion when confronted with the uprightand
virtuous. It is thought that the oldest popularized European
lore concerning Cainites and crucifixes stems from some
accountof the Baali brood, whose reactions to prayer, religious
paraphernalia and all things sacred are nothing short of
extreme.

This duality becomes curious, however, in light of tradi-
tional Baali practice and preference. The overwhelming
majority of the Baali do not publicly acknowledge faiths other
than their own, much less lend any credence to them. How is
it,then, that these same Cainites lee in terror for their unlives

when confronted with a crucifix or religious text by a true
believer? And what can explain the fascination (and historical
association) of the Baali with those of the cloth?

The Baali themselves are at a loss to resolve this meta-
physical dilemma. Many of their number, typically the young
and zealous, dismiss "True Faith" as untapped inner potential.
Baali Sires see those exceedingly rare and powerful individuals
asall the more worthy of subversion and the Embrace, by merit
of their exceptional qualities. But both of these approaches
sidestep the real question.

The eldest and most knowledgeable Bali take a more
metaphysical tack. When pressed on the matter, they hint at
the existence of powers beyond even their comprehension,
and the ability of the "faithful" to tap into such powers. Those
of the bloodline who do believe in such heresies, however,
invariably keep their beliefs to themselves. To suggest the
existence of a being even more powerful than the bloodline's
patron, after all, threatens the very foundations of his wor-
ship....


BALI AND THE
INFERNAL

The Bali are all too frequently dismissed as minions of
Saran by the Christian-dominated principalities of Europe. In
such a simple assessment — the Baali's patron reduced to yet
another manifestation of Lucifer — their ties of blood are
nothing more than witches' covens, and their powers nothing
more than the mark of the Beast. Such are the follies of
cultural egocentrism. In truth, the Cainites of Europe and Asia
Minor could not be more self-deceived...or in greater danger
from such self-deception.

Icis true that, with the turn of the millennium, many of
the servitors of Ba'al have become concerned (some would say
obsessed) with the Christian faith, even going so far as to
incorporate it into their own system of beliefs. On the other
hand, thisishardly a unilateral practice. Over the course of the
history of mankind, many more have worked the worship of
their patrons into the circles of such powers as Anu, Dagon,
Hecate, Loki and a hundred others, as well as a number of
entities too alien and removed for even the earliest civiliza-
tions to remember.

‘The archetypal "devil-worshipper" image, however, serves
the Baali well on several fronts. Indeed, many if not most of
their mortal pawns are hand-selected from prominent would-
be cultists and demonologists. (See the Dark Ages Companion
for details on mortals and Infernalism.)

INFERNAL INVESTMENTS

While it is true that the Baali bloodline has
more dealings with infernal powers than all of the
clans of Cainites combined, that is not to say that
each and every Baali has sold his soul to a demo-
niac master. Many are content to use corrupted
true names to steal what power they might, and to

trust in their own strengths rather than barter for
expensive aid from outside, Naturally, this leads to
some friction between those Baali whohave traded
with demons and those who haven't.
Investments are more common among those
Baali recruited from other bloodlines and clans
than they are among "true" Baali — many of the
newcomers feel pressure to emphasize their com-
mitment to the bloodline. On the other hand,
older Baali (and particularly those on the Road of
the Hive) r e the magnitude and conse-
quences ofan investment, and are thus inclined to
be more cautious in their pacts with the other side.

CLANBOOK: BAALI


(GHOULS

Centuries of heated conflict and persecution across the
seas and shores of the Dark Medieval world (which, the Baali
steadfastly maintain, will do nothing more than sweeten their
inevitable victory) have taught the infernalists nothing if not
caution. Consequently, those of the line exercise more care
and caution in their choice of servants than do their Cainite
counterparts.

REVENANT FAMILY ~ THE D'HABI

Nickname: Hyenas

Background: The Dhabi are the descendants of Nergal's
priests. With the supposed death of Nergal, the other Baali
orders claimed the priests as their own, producing a unified
ghoul family to serve the entire bloodline. Over the genera-
tions, each D'habi family was cultivated by a different Baali
order. Supposedly, this separation was enforced to prevent the
ghouls from ever exercising any show of unity. Alas for the
architects of the plan, then, that it proved the bloodline's
Achilles heel.

Nergal still existed, something the D'habi alone knew at
the time. Down through the generations, each member of the
scattered families was secretly Blood-Oathbound to Nergal.
Ensconced safely within the houses of his rivals, the D'habi
were Nergal's spies and his vessels. Nergal used his network to
glean knowledge from the Baali orders, to feed misinformation
tohis enemies and to assassinate any potential opponents ere
they grew too strong or too knowledgeable.

When Nergal finally reappeared, he did so in the guise of
Shaitan. Claiming to be the bloodline's progenitor, he swiftly
gained the loyalty of the newer orders and galvanized them
under his charismatic authority. His hold over the D'habi was
instrumental in paralyzing the older orders, many of which
knew that this self-proclaimed Shaitan was an impostor.
Through their ghouls, he infected key Baali with a blood-to-
dust plague, eliminating all real opposition. The Avatars of the
Swarm and the Keepers of Mystery were the only two orders to
stand in opposition after this treachery played itself out.

FollowingShaitan'scrushingdefeatin Crete, those younger
Baali who escaped took the Dhabi as their own servitors, not
knowing the role they played in Shaitan's rise. Still, Fate's
wheel turned for the revenants as well, and over the following
centuries, the D'habi endured harsh servitude. Experimenta-
tion became the order of the day, as the Baali used their ghouls
as both researchers and subjects. The Baali forced the D'habi
to commit acts they could not perform themselves, such as
impregnating virgins, devouring sacrificial victimsand serving
as vessels for certain types of possession.

Having been forced to such depravity for centuries, the
D/habi are degraded to an unimaginable degree. They are no
longer the same family who served Nergal; they are monsters
as vile and loathed as their masters. The family accepts
whatever behavioral aberrations crop up: necrophilia, canni-
balism, pederasty, and much, much worse. All that is kept

behind closed doors, however —servitude is all to the D'habi,
and anything that endangers that servitude or their masters is
a threat, to be annihilated post haste.

Appearance: The D'habi are generally quiet and reserved
in public. Most bear some disfiguring marks or other, quiet
evidence of harsh upbringings or sexual depravity. Common
disfigurements include torture scars, missing digits (children
of the family often have fingers or toes bitten off as a form of
punishment) and multiple lesions and warts from sexual
diseases. The diaspora of the Baali has scattered their servitors
as well, and there is no longer a uniform "type" to the D'habi.
The sole remaining trait they share is an intense, penetrating
gaze.

Family Estates: The estates of the D'habi are virtually
gone. Once, seven estates existed, each serving a Baali order,
but now, that number has dwindled to one central estate in
Damascus. Dozens of smaller families are scattered throughout
the known world, but in live relative squalor compared to the
lineage's glory days. As the Baali orders broke down into
smaller covens, the D'habi estates were shattered in battles
over which faction to follow.

Backgrounds: Dhabi rarely interact with mortals while
growing up, but they are educated as to how they might best
fulfill a variety of functions: everything from assisting in
torture to dealing with the waking world. While the D'habiare
reasonably capable servants, most are unable to read or write.
Understandably, the Baali are afraid their servants would
learn how touse the spells of certain grimoires and turn against
them. Those D'habi who can read must burn out their own
tongues in a show of loyalty. Only then may such gifted ghouls
assist in library research.

Disciplines: Dominate, Presence (Note: Those D'habi
who exhibit any knowledge of Daimoinon are killed immedi-
ately by the Bali.)

Weaknesses: Nergal's continued use of Dominate and
Blood-Oaths on the family has made them weak-willed. This
inherited weakness, coupled with their current treatment at
the hands of crueler Baali, has made the D'habi susceptible to
suggestions. All D'habi are therefore at +2 difficulty on all
Willpower rolls.

Preferred Roads: Most follow Via Diabolis. Via Hyron is
forgotten among the younger D'habi.

Family Organization: The D'habi hierarchy is based
strictly on age, rather than gender or any other considerations.
The eldest surviving D'habi is the undisputed head of the
household, with power proceeding down through the genera-
tions to the youngest

Baali Duties: Dhabi are the hands of the Baali in the
mortal world. The revenants perform chores such as kidnap-
ping victims, digging up graves, robbing churches and temples
and assassinating those who come too close to the nests. In
rituals, D'habi assist the Baali, completing roles that require a
mortal "touch" —inseminating victims, using their spit, urine
or excrement to complete a rite, and so on,

CHAPTER THREE: DESCENT INTO DARKNESS


A\SSAMITES

Hah! Assur, Akkad, Babel, Sargon, Sumer — do these
names mean nothing to you? Those whom you term beasts we
claim as brethren. Their forefathers were ours; our ancestors
dwelt in the same yurts, shared the same salt and bread, knelt
at the same shrines before Apshai, Dagon, Marduk, and a
thousand thousand other houses beneath our Father. The
eldest among their number remember us still, and we have
never forgotten them.

BRUAH

Do not presume to judge them for their rage and fallen
aspirations. Carthage is gone, and Moloch with it, and thus we
can even share some of their sorrow for lost glory.

That understanding, however, makes the Brujah easy
prey

CApPADOCIANS

Respect our brothers, the Children of Ashur-called-
Cappadocius, always, and do not belittle the methods by
which they choose to study eternity. Realize, however, that
there isno place for us in their moralist's mire of good, evil, life,
death and the soul.

In the final reckoning, the only true understanding be-
tween us can be the naked blade of a sword.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

Clearly these base defilers represent incontrovertible
evidence of our kind's common origins. Do they not hail from
the earliest civilizations of the kine? Do they not pray toa Lord
of Darkness? And yet these wayward fools fall prey to the petty
Western preoccupation with material pleasures, passions, and
perversions. Such wasted potential...

GANGREL

These creatures shun civilization and the company of
others. They fear what they cannot understand, roam the land
marking their territories, and become more and more like the
beasts they are with each passing night. As such, they are
beneath our notice.

LASOMBRA

It is an amusing and not altogether uninspiring allegory
that ties the darkness commanded by the Magisters to the
lightless, empty visions of power to which they cling. The
Lasombra cannot see past the ephemeral shadows they spawn,
however. In this they are no different from the Ravnos.

MALKAVIANS

Their madness poses a singular mystery. Have they truly
glimpsed the Beyond, and in so doing been touched by that
which others would term insanity? Or are their delusions of a

CLANBOOK: BAALI

more personal, insignificant sort? Listen to them and learn
what you can — but tarry not overlong, lest lunacy prove
infectious.

NosFERATU

These disfigured tunnel-dwellers know the wages of sin
better than any. Is it not curious, then how they parade
themselves as pitiable martyrs in search of redemption on the
one hand, while sneaking, worming, and blackmailing their
way into confidences on the other? Theirs is a most peculiar
hypocrisy.

RAVNos

There is nothing to fear here. The Ravnosare but a family
of tricksters who gave up their tenuous hold on reality for the
sake of pretty pictures in air. Beware of taking them too lightly,
however; they are adept charlatans, and quick to rope others
into their schemes.

SALGBRI
Gentle Saulot. Philosopher. Pilgrim. Pacifist. Passionate.
Pathetic.
Of what use are his meditations on pity and purity now,
I wonder?

TOREADOR

These self-blinded narcissists are obsessed with beauty,
material comforts, and vice. They are decadents lost in tepid
fascination with the cattle on whom they feed. Do the Childer
of Caine not already shoulder more than our fair share of dead
weight and degenerates?

TREMERE

Imagine! A fugitive band of wand-waving wizards who
first pried immortality from the fingers of their greatest com-
petitors, then subjugated the soul of an ancient in their quest
for power. Such determination! Such divine treachery! And
to think itis said that we are beyond the understanding of our
Western brethren...

We shall speak more with the Tremere anon, I suspect.
TZIMISCE

The Fiends have achieved immortality, something man
has searched for since the Garden was barred to him. The
mysteries of infinity, nothingness, this world and that which
lies beyond are subjects given them to ponderoveran eternity
of lifetimes — and yet they persist in playing their little games
with the all-roo-fleeting currencies of fear, fiefdoms and the
flesh. Piling layer upon layer of custom and ceremony does not
hide the emptiness of their existences, nor does it grant
majesty.


VENTRUE

They have such lofty aspirations fora hidebound circle of
egotists. It is their belief that lions rule, is it not? Surely they
have also been made aware that even lions have their preda-
tors — and that in the end, the carrion beast devours all.

OTHERS
WEREWOLVES
The Mark of the Beast manifests itself in many ways; the

Change is bur one of them. The Lupines are primitive, warlike
and dangerous. Avoid them at all costs.

Mace

Fractious and reclusive, these students of the unknowable
wield inexplicable powers. At least, those powers are inexpli-
cable to others not privy to our secrets. The sorcerers can
glimpse parts of the truth shat we alone know, and that makes
them dangerous.

WRAITHS

The Restless Dead have escaped damnation by the nar-
rowest of margins. It is our duty to assist them the rest of the
way to Hell, so that our masters might feed on them and grow
strong

Fin Exotic Epreuany

BAALI AND THE EAST

Although the vast majority of the so-called
"histories" of the Bali are apocryphal, most make a
point of tying the bloodline to the mysterious East
Nergal-called-Shaitan is thought to have marshaled
s after a sojourn to the Far East to
study with inhuman masters in mountains high

nough to be called "The Roof of the World."
Stories of walking corpses hungry for life-essence
and dripping corruption come from the lips of
traders and madmen out of the Eastern deserts. And
ithas been written that Ashur himself, divine ruler
of the Assyrian Empire, returned home alone,
humbled and broken, years after leading an enor-
mous army to far shores of which there are no
records in Western maps or

his first follow

hronicles.

KNOWLEDGES

DEMONOLOGY

You are versed in the lore of angels, demons, devas, devils
and otherworldly beings. You may be familiar with the tradi-
tional Western schools of thought (black magic, diabolism,
witchcraft), or possess insights into the methodologies of other
cultures (Arabic, Eastern, Persian, Semitic etc.). With suffi-
cient training in this Knowledge, you may even have access to
a number of covenants, cultist practices and secret rituals.
Demonology is unlike Hearth Wisdom in that most of what
you "know" is actually true (though certainly not all of it),

* Dabbler: Your knowledge consists largely of specula-
tion and hearsay.

* Student: Although you have a hard time separating
truth from rumor, you know a few relevant facts.

ee Learned: You possess basic knowledge of the nether
realms and their inhabitants.

eee Scholar: Your knowledge pertaining to various
incarnations of the celestial and infernal is expansive and
encyclopedic. You possess a considerable repertoire of rites and
rituals — which may or may not work.

eeeee Savant: The very manner in which you perceive
reality has been altered by your eldritch understanding. The
breadth and depth of your knowledge rivals that of the ancient
masters of the hidden arts.

eeeeee Visionary:Your command of the great secrets

is beyond the ken of mere mortals. You are known to many of
the greater powers who dwell Outside — and know them in
turn,

Possessed by: Baali, Clergy, Cultists, Mystics, Scholars,
Tremere, Witches

Specialties: Christian, Gnostic, Norse, Qaballah, Sufi,
Wicca

PLAGUE-BREEDING

Plague is as much a part of the Dark Medieval landscape
as mud and death, Without knowledge of the true causes of
disease, mortals (and immortals as well) lay the blame at the
feet of black cats, witches, spirits and assorted minority groups
whom everybody knows to poison the wells.

But with this Knowledge you know better. You know how
to brew disease in corpses, how to feed corruption and taint
until you have a bubbling cauldron of plague ready to loose
upon the world. You understand instinctively how to use
vermin and insects to spread disease, and can even direct the
spread of plague to a certain extent. When mounting sieges,
you know how to use disease as a weapon with which to reduce
towns and fortresses, and you can even poison someone with
disease-causing agents so that the death looks natural


* Dabbler: You know that letting a corpse rot brings flies

© Student: You can poison wells or direct siege engines
to catapult corpses over city walls.

6e Learned: Youknow how to breed different plagues,
and can tend contagion like a garden.

cholar: Youcan direct yourcreations' spread, and
can brew almost any illness known to man.

. Savant: The plague-pits are filled with your
handiwork; armies wreak less devastation than do your cre-
ations.

seeeee Visionary: In your laboratory of the obscene,
you can create new diseases and summon plagues of demonic
virulence. Should you wish, you could depopulate a kingdom
with ease

Possessed By: Baali, Nosferatu, Brigand Captains, Sor-
cerers

Specialties: Black Death, Biological Warfare, Mass Dev-
astation

Roaps
‘Vin DiABOLIS REVISITED

Any number of anecdotes and "be-good" bedtime stories
are told among Cainites concerning the Baali bloodline.
According to the cautionary tales that Sires tell their childer,
these fiendish creatures are possessed of a single-minded
devotion to monstrosity ~ some monstrous design or purpose,
dedicating them to the macabre and malign in the pursuit of

evil for its own sake. In the stories, the Baali's unlives are
dedicated to the greater glory of some devil-god who promises
each faithful follower her own personal Hell on earth. And
from there, the tales get even more unbelievable.

Though these legends are not without their grains of
truth, that'sa long way from saying that they are all completely
true. Admittedly, many Baali do choose to embrace the alien
and amoral aspects of immortality by treading the so-called
Road of the Devil, bur mindless malevolence is hardly the only
way one can goon that Road. Thereare those within the Baali
ranks whoexultin some self-bestowed demonic epithet, piling
atrocity upon atrocity in the name ofa real (but unimpressed)
or imaginary master. Such lackwits (often mockingly referred
to as "children" or "lesser Baali" by their older and more
restrained bloodline-mates) are easily hunted down and de-
stroyed. After all, a trail of unrelieved slaughter and sadism is
difficult to disguise, and easy for a hunter to follow. Thank-
fully, such Baali area distasteful minority —an embarrassment
to and convenient camouflage for the ancient scholars, phi-
losophers, prophets, and visionaries from whose line they
descend

But that minority is growing.

CLANBOOK: BAALI


Ironically, something about contact with the Western
world is corrupting the bloodline's sense of purpose. Perhaps
the source of the weakness is too much contact with the minds
of the Baali's masters, or it could be that some incestuous
weakness has emerged through a taint in the blood — but the
details are unimportant. More and more Baali have lost sight
of what the bloodline stands for, descending into savagery and
pathetic madness

Some of these degraded neonates, goaded by either their
own inadequacy or by sheer isolation, begin to identify with
the Christian concept of evil. Such lunatics commonly pro-
claim themselves tobe "servants of Satan" (more than one has
claimed to be Magog) orsome such. Others seek nothing more
than an etemity of bestiality and bloodshed, adopting what-
ever religious trappings are at hand while wallowing in offal.
Many simply spiral helplessly into the clutches of the Beast
Whatever the details, the end result is the same. These
hypocrites forever lose sight of the unifying principle which
once bound the bloodline together.

In the eyes of the Baali elders who maintain a degree of
control over theirbrethren, the situation is fast becoming dire.
Their childer, and their childer's childer, are falling further
and further into pointless decadence and degeneracy — worse
even than the hated Setites — and, in a very real sense,
becoming what their adversaries have always perceived them
tobe. Ifthe trend is not reversed, and soon, the bloodline may
find itself hunted to near extinction — or immolated on the
pyres it sets for itself.

Vin Hyron: THE Roab OF THE HIVE

Via Hyron was the original Road developed by the Bali,
and the most
follow it. As the Baali have extended their corruption across
the continents, variations in the
cropped up, but the central m

‘An old Bedouin adage best describes the heart of Via
Hyron: My tribe and I against our enemies; my brother and I
against all others. Despite the frequency with which members
of the bloodline are at loggetheads, it surprises many outsiders
that this Road urges one to combat the Beast through unity
and tribal support. An individual who succumbs to his Beast
is of no use for the Great Works the Baali aspire to, and as such
itis only prudent for individual Baali to help each other with
their individual struggles.

aithful to the bloodline's original ethos still

Road's exact tenets have
ge remains the same.

Among followers of the Road of the Hive, loyalty is
strongest between partners and Blood-Oathbound individu-
als, Following that, a Baali offers it to those within his nest,
then to Bali of his same order, and finally to the bloodline as
a whole. As the years pass, loy come as
important as loyalty to one's order or to the Baali as a whole.
Some older Bali see this evolution as the beginningofthe end
for the Road; others postulate that loyalty across the lines of
the various orders will strengthen the bloodline's ability to
function as one in a crisis.

ty to peers ha

Road OF THE HIVE

Score Minimum Wrongdoing for

10 Arguing with a fellow fol-
lower of the Road

Taking an outsider's side
against that of another on the
Via Hyron

Actively working against the
plans of another on the Road

Actively working against a
member of your nest's plans

Betraying a fellow Baali

Betraying a fellow traveler on
the Road

Betraying a member of y

generation or order

Betraying a member of your
nest

Betraying an elder of the
bloodline

Betraying your Sire or a Baali
to whom you are Blood-
Oathbound

Someone once likened the Baali to a swarm of bees and
Via Hyron as a mandate for multiple queens. The Hierarchies
of Sin for this Road, however, demand loyalty to the Baali and
all members. The higher one progresses on the chart, the more
difficult itis to refuse aid to another Bali

Thismay be the mostdamagingaspect of Azaneal's revolt
against the elders of the bloodline. A devotee of Via Diabolis,
Azaneal teaches his followers the precepts of the angellis ater
and not Via Hyron. As such, his Baali have no loyalty to the
restof the bloodline, or indeed to any Baali besides themselves
and Azaneal,


wd &

Merits AND FLAWS

The following is collection of optional Merits and Flaws
exclusively suited to the Baali. Use or adaptthese Traits to suit
your needs. (Remember to consult your Storyteller before
taking any Merits or Flaws; see the Appendix in Vampire: the
Dark Ages for further details.)

Apostate (2 pont Merir)

It issaid that dread Shaitan himself forged the ranks of the
first followers of Baal from those Cainites of other lineages he
could sway to his side. The practice continues to this day; a
substantial minority of the bloodline are not Baali by blood at
all, but, rather, stem from an adopted parentage—converts to
the Baali banner. This unpredictably and versatility of talents
hasproven to be one of the infernalists' greatest strengths—but
it does not always benefit those diverse talents within the
bloodline.

acters with this Merit either started their unlives as
descendants of other blood, later converting to the Baali
cteed, or are of sufficiently close descent from one such
convert so as to maintain some link to her ancestral clan
affinities. Apostates may replace either Obfuscate or Presence
with any one Discipline, as appropriate to her ancestral clan.
(Daimoinon is innate and cannot be replaced). Furthermore,

CLANBOOK: BAALI

Apostate Baali can still pass with relative ease for members of
other clans. A determined effort will still root outan Apostate,
but how many Cainites are willing to make that sort of effort?

The one negative to this Merit is strictly a political
drawback. Apostate Baali are forever barred from leadership
roles in the bloodline because of their "inferior" blood.

Cnuory Aura (7 pornt Merir)

The other side of Infernal Aura's coin, Unholy Aura
allows a Baali to remain undaunted by most expressions of
True Faith. The stench of spiritual corruption surrounding the
Baali is literally so strong that holy things cannot abide it.
Minor relics crumble to dust in the Baali's hand, holy men and
women flee his gaze (or suffer horrible consequences), and
even consecrated places can be turned to evil by the Baali's
mere presence.

Any being with True Faith who faces a Baali with Unholy
Aura must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or else flee the
scene in terror. A botch on the roll indicates that the Baali's
infernal power has literally reached out to taint the victim,
causing some sort of injury (stigmata are popular) or even
stripping True Faith away.

Lorb oF Figs (2 pomnt FLAW)

This singular affliction is seen as a sign of infernal favor;
indeed, among devotees of the Swarm-God, the severity of
one's affliction is treated as a badge of rank. Insects find the


character irresistible (despite or perhaps because ofherunliving
nature), and flock to her immediate vicinity. Once attracted,
the vermin never leave her presence. Instead, they circle in a
grotesque cloud, no matter where she goes or what precautions
she takes. As this swarm can never be dispelled, Baali afflicted
with such devotees have certain problems in non-Baali social
circles.

Carrion Comrort (3 point FLaw)

Certain Bali associate too closely with spirits of corrup-
tion and plague to take pleasure from normal feeding. These
vampires must instead take the cold blood of the dead, and if
putrefaction has begun to set in, all the better. Of course, cold
blood is less nutritious than warm, and vampires with this Flaw
take one fewer Blood Point's benefit than they should from
feeding.

INFERNAL Hara (3 point Faw)

Notonly does True Faith cause Baali with this Flaw to flee,
but their mere presence alerts those touched by the Divine that
evil is in the vicinity. Any character with True Faith within a
mile of a Baali with an Infernal Aura is instantly aware of his
presence and gener§l direction

ToucHED FRoM BEYOND (1-4 POINT
FLaw)

Often referred to as the "Devil's marks" by mundane
inhabitants of the Dark Medieval world, these anatomical
aberrations sometimes manifest on those who spend too much
time consorting with demoniac powers. Certain mortals or
vampires who have entered into bargains with the infernal (see
Dark Ages Companion) orhave otherwise keptcompany with
the denizens of the nether realms may also display these
physical anomalies, at the Storyteller's option.

Possible deformities include, but are not limited to: mal-
formed teeth, club feet, a horrid stench, slimy excretions,
tough or warty hide, parasitic infestation, putrescence, vesti-
gial wings or other ineffectual (perhaps additional) limbs. The
victim may never remove or "improve" these disfigurements,
although magic or Disciplines can hide them from plain sight.

Note: The disfigurements mentioned here are not a re-
placement for the marks of Demonic Investments. Instead,
they manifest in addition to those tangible proofs of dealings
with the infernal.

wn ss

am)


FAMDDITIONAL
DISCIPLINE PowERS

DAIMOINON

seecee GLIMPSE THE GULF BEYOND.

There are worlds beyond worlds and places beyond space
and time; this power allows a Baali to shatter the boundaries
between such zones of cosmic terror and the mundane world.
Glimpse the Gulf Beyond is never used lightly, for even the
masters of Daimoinon fear what they might see — or what
might see them. But when a Baali does invoke the face of the
Void, the effects are terrifying.

When Glimpse the Gulf Beyond is invoked, the Bali
literally uses his will to force cracks in the walls of reality.
Through those cracks come the sights, sounds, smells and
other aspects of existence outside of reality as most know it.
While exactly what comes through from the other side varies
from moment to moment (blasphemous whispers one second,
acharnel stench and the howls of the damned the next), the
impact on the target is always tremendous.

System: The player spends a Willpower point, then rolls
Stamina + Occult (difficulty 7) against the target's Willpower
roll (difficulty also 7). The attacker's leftover successes dictate
the effect:

No successes The passage fails to open; no effect.

The onlooker is shaken, but physically
unharmed. He loses a temporary point of
Willpower and is down one die on all rolls

for the scene.

The subject temporarily loses two points
Willpower, and must then roll Courage
(difficulty = 10 minus his current Will-
power) against Rétschreck, in addition to
suffering a one die penalty on all rolls
The target temporarily loses three Will
power, and must make a Self-Control]
Instinct roll (difficulty 7) o lose con-
sciousness. Even if this roll is successful,
the target is badly shaken, and suffers a
two die penalty on all rolls for the dura
tion of the scene

The target temporarily loses four Will-
power, and must immediately roll Self-
Control/Instinct (difficulty 8) or fall into
a catatonic state for an hour.

1 success

2 successes

3 successes

4 successes

CLANBOOK: BAALL

5+ successes The strain of perceptions battling the im-
perceptible proves to be too much for the
victim's mind. The target must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) or become
severely mentally incapacitated to the
point of permanent gibbering idiocy.

Even if the victim succeeds on the

Willpower roll, treat the effectas if the Baali
scored 4 successes.

Reducinga victim's Willpower tozero in this fashion may
leave her with a (random) Derangement. This infirmity can
be either temporary or permanent, as warranted by the sever-
ity of the victim's trauma.

A botch indicates something has gone terribly wrong
with the Baali's attempt to open the portal. In such cases,
Storytellers are encouraged to exercise their fiendish discre-
tion, but some possibilities include backlash from the Other
Side, the escape ofan unwanted visitor into this realm or even
the abduction of the Baali herself.

Baali alone are immune to this power, but even among
their ranks, there are few who gaze willingly into the Void, or
who do so for long.

seeeeeeees OPEN THE WAY

While the other clans prattle about the wars of the
Antediluvians, the Baali have remained dedicated to a dark
purpose: the release of their lords and masters onto an un:
pecting earth. Open the Way is the method by which this
unholy act might be enacted, and such is the might and
depravity required to use this power that it has only been
attempted thrice in all of history.

Fortunately, all three attempts have failed. The past is of
no moment to the Baali, however, as they maintain that such
setbacks only postpone the inevitable. It will not be long,
faithful Baali claim, before they release the ultimate darkness
to ravage the face of the earth.

System: Open the Way is in fact a power and part of the
Daimoinon Discipline. However, such is the intense formality
of its use that it has become psychologically impossible to
exercise this ability without an extensive ritual to "prepare"
the Opener. In truth, Open the Way would function perfectly
well without its trappings and folderol if performed by a Bali
who did not believe in such, but seeing as none currently exist,
the question is moot.

‘The preparatory ritual requires a tremendous investment
of time and sacrifice. In order to place the caster in the proper
frame of mind, he must chant paeans to the entity he is
attempting to awaken, uninterrupted, for 48 consecutive
hours. The slightest stammer or interruption causes the rite to
fail, and may well attract the unwelcome attention of the
entity being petitioned. At the conclusion of the chanting,
the Baali must then make a sacrifice consisting of a hundred
free, untainted souls. The victims sacrificed may be mortal or


Cainite, but all must have a Conscience rating of at least four.
At this point, the Baali summons and releases all of his
Willpower, expending 9 points of permanent Willpower in an
attempt to shatter the bonds holding his master outside the
world. Ifa Willpower roll (difficulty 10) is successful, the Bali
becomes an empty vessel and the gate through which his
master flows back into reality.

From that point on, the character is no longer playable,
as he has become an aspect of his foul master. On the other
hand, the world now has graver concerns that the disposition
ofa single Cainite.

OTHER POWERS

| Am Lecion (Dammoinon, LEVEL

THREE, OBFUSCATE LEVEL Two)

One of the Baali's most devious methods of avoiding
detection, this subtle magic allows the Baali to forge a tempo-
rary pact with a "speaking demon" or other malevolent spirit
(Storyteller's discretion as to what sort of being is appropri
ate). Once the pact is sealed, the Baali's partner in mischief
temporarily leaps into the vampire's body, assuming a state of
limited control over its voice and movements.

While the Baali is "possessed," the interloper who an-
swers is essentially in charge, allowing fora certain amount of
leeway when it comes to answering uncomfortable question.

igen

After all, the demon can answer questions (truthfully) that
might otherwise prove difficult for the Bali to respond to
under magical, Auspex-based, or other scrutiny. For example,
the demon within may cheerfully answer "no" to such tired
questionsas "Are you Bali?" or "Do you engage in the worship
of demons?" In a pinch, the demon may attempt to pose as
Caitiff oreven mortal; "I am clanless" and "Lam nota vampire"
are both perfectly reasonable true statements foranon-vampiric
creature to make, after all

System: The player must succeed in a Manipulation +
Leadership roll (difficulty 6) to ensnare a suitable demon or
spirit. The numberof successesdictates the summoned creature's
intelligence and willingness to help, which in turn indicates
the extent to which it is capable of concocting useful reactions
to pertinent questions and/or situations. A failure indicates
just that — failure to ensnare the being — while a botch can
result in true catastrophe (a creature who does not wish to
leave the caster's body, or who betrays her, at the Storyteller's
discretion)

Baali hedging their bets with this sort of deal can make
"concessions" to the inhabiting creature to win more coopera-
tion. It is up to the Storyteller to determine what sort of
goodies the possessing demon might want, what it could give
in return, and whether or not it will keep its bargains.

CHAPTER THREE: DESCENT INTO DARK



nd travelers now within that alley
Ahrounh the red-(itten windows see
Vast forms that move fantastically
To n discordant melody;

While, the a rapid ghastly river,

Theounh the pale Soor,
21 hideous throng rush out forever
ind laugh — but smile no more,

— Edgar When Poe, Che Haunted Palace

The Bnnli are, ff nothing else, a Sfverse lot, but in theie dioecsity,
they share the ability to couse fear, Whether fiend or feral, swarm ot
summoner, they unfformly inspite widespread ohfspers — ond woe.

Ahese characters ace approprinte for use by Storytellers and
players alike. Feel free to change them fo sult your style; swap Traits,
alter Demennors ov cenrennge them altogether, Che armies of
dackness, offer all, Have a thousand faces...


STUDENT OF FLESH

Quote: Please believe me when I tell you thata greater purpose
will be served by what you are about to endure
Prelude: Eldest son of a wealthy lord, you in-
stead chose to relinquish claims of land and title
to your siblings. To your father's chagrin, you
chose to turn your attentions to the scholar's
lifestyle and thus "wasted" the resources your
father's riches afforded you. Galen's treatises
on anatomy, Avicenna's Canon of Medicine,
accounts of Rhazes' first encounters with pox
and rubella — these served as your childhood
primers, your basis for further education and
your lifelong callingall atonce. As your
brothers came of age and flocked,
one by one, to Urban's banner, you
chose to gird yourself with weap-
ons of a different sort in your
own crusade against human ills
and ignorance
Your studies eventually
brought you to Salerno,
center of medical learn-
ing, where a new world
of journals and masters
awaited. It was there
you first glimpsed the
face ofanew enemy
— pernicious, ro-
dent-borne,
nearly always
fatal. Sensing
the begin-
nings of a
new epi-
demic, ,
you be-
gan experimenting with
treatments hearkening back to
unrecognized Arabic literature
and practices, some of which your
peers would have termed inhuman.
Armed with this new knowledge,
you sought once again to hurl your-
self into the Hippocratic struggle
against death.

But death found you first

Concept: Your Sire's cruel Kiss freed you from the huma
constraints hindering your work. Your studies often necessi-
tate fiendish torture —butare also pioneering medical research.
The pain you cause others comes not from any perverse

pleasure or cruelty (although suffering and its associated

responses do sometimes work their way into your re-
search), but, rather, genuine scientific curiosity. Your
driving motive is alien and detached, perhaps, but at its
root itis still just curiosity.
Roleplaying Hints: Although you pay lip service to the
sporadic gatheringsand rituals of your brethren,
you have little
patience for
their incessant
scheming and
sorcery, or in-
deedforanything
other than fur-
sther pursuit of
your fledgling
science. Your passion,
first and foremost, is
for the human body:
itscapacities, imita-

4, tions, strengths, and

weaknesses. Few

doctors, di

dealings devoid of this
subject hold your interest
for very long.

°

ions or

Equipment: Fine
robes, journals, countless
specimens, collection ofsur-
gical instruments, many of
which have no business be-
ing on any surgeon's table


NAME:
PLAYER:
CHRONICLE?

CLANBOOK:
BAALI

FOR STORYTELLER USE ONLY?

NATURE? JNNOVATOR
DEMEANOR: FANATIC
CLAN: Baa)

GENERATION: 11H
HAVEN:
CONCEPT: Stupent of FLes

ATTRIBUTES

PHYSICAL
Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina,

@@@@0000
@@000000

Socia

Manipulation.
Appearance.

@000000
@00000

MENTAL

@@000000 Charisma @0000000 Perception

Intelligence.
Wits, @@000000

ABILITIES

TALENTS
Acting. 00000000
Alertness. @@000000
Athletics @@000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge. 00000000
Empathy, 00000000
Intimidation__@0000000
Larceny. 00000000
Leadership___0 0000000
Subterfuge. 00000000

SKILLS
Animal Ken_O0000000
Archery, @0000000
Crafts, oO0000000
Etiquette, @@000000
Herbalism___0 0000000
Melee. @@000000
Music___ ®0000000
Ride. @@@00000
Stealth, 00000000
Survival, 00000000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics___ ®®®00000
Hearth Wisdom_@0000000
Investigation__@0000000
Law. 00000000
Linguistics, 0000000
Medicine. @00000
Occult. 0000000
Politics, 00000000
Science. @@@00000
Seneschal, 00000000

ALDVANTAGES

DISCIPLINES
Peimonion _@0000000
Auspex _@@000000
Obfuscate _@0000000

00000000
00000000

BACKGROUNDS
Contacts @0000000
@00000
oo000000
OO0000000
00000000

Resources

Generation

‘VIRTUES

Conscience/Conviction_@
Self-Control/Instinct_@ @ ® @O

Courage, @e00680

== OTHER TRAITS
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

ROAD
Devil

@@eeeeeeeed

== WILLPOWER

@e@@eeo000000
Oo OOoo0oo0o0

—— B1oop Poot
o00 oo
oooooo

HEALTH
Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

‘WEAKNESS

0000000

Vulnerability to Faith


HARBINGER OF ANGELS

Quote: Take heed of my words, My masters arrive on
chariots of flame and their blades will drink deeply from the well of
mortals. Prepare the way, for they will arrive soon.

Prelude: You were a translator in Baghdad, the capital of
the Abbasid Empire. Deciphering Greek, Aramaic and He-
braic parchments into Arabic was your calling and your
profession. Youwereanatu-
ral polyglot, learning
languages as eas-
ily asachild can
count to 10 on
his fingers.

Asa scribe

for the leg-
endary

House of
Wisdom,

you gained ac-

cess. to books
thought destroyedin
thefiresof Alexandria.

Years flew by as
you slaved over texts
in dim, forgotten al-
coves. Then, one evening,
you noticed acommon thread
through all the disparate books
you had translated over the years. Names of
power appeared, vanished, changed and
reappeared in texts dating to the days of
Chaldean rule. The thread was tenuous,
but youdiscovered the linguistic
of Solomon's lost works. The names sud-
denly made sense; they were not what
they originally seemed.

After nights of deliberation, you
finally intoned one dark name. In re-
sponse, a voice echoed through your
thoughts like ripples across thick mud.

Ie told you to meet someone in Dam-
ascus. You wentand met your sire forthe
first time, and from thence journeyed
into unlife. Since then, your existence
hasbeen a blessing, an opportunity to open
the flower of knowledge and rape it till you
fall away, exhausted. With inhuman vitae
flowing through your veins, it feels as

CLANBOOK: BAALI

though all creation is ready to unfold before your all-seeing
eye. You will not be denied any secrets that the cup of
existence holds.

Concept: Knowledge. Knowledge has always described
your existence; it is your elixir and your vice. Although itis not
as rich as blood, knowledge is far more rewarding to you. Your
research enables you to speak with celestial beings and entreat

them for power. It matters little whether the beings you
cajole pose as Allah's malaki — his angels — or as his
shaitani — his demons; they still have power to offer
you. Were you other than Baali, you would have been
an infernalist in any case — the names of power are
too sweet to resist.
RoleplayingHints: Youhave heard ofmany
different names for them, but they will always
be malaki and shaitani to you. Whether any-
one else believes so, their reign on this world
will come, claiming all within their bumn-
ing wake. Many fallen, and even those
within Allah's legions, were not pleased
with the creation of man. It is likely
they will reap humanity and Cainite
alike, turning all people back into
the clay from which they were fash-
ioned. You, however, have other
plans. That is why you practice
rituals, for when the time comes,
you hope to be able either to
control enough of Allah'sarmy
to be spared, or to control
enough shaitani to protectyou
while you escape. Who
knows; maybe youcaneven
gain enough power to
usurp one of your spon-
sors, taking his place in
the cosmos. In either
case, you will escape
thecomingfiresofret-
ribution.
Equipment:
Authentic copy of
the Picatrixand the
Book of Wisdom;
feather and quill;
travel book; in-
vocation
candles; chalk.


NAME:
PLAYER:
CHRONICLE:

CLANBOOK:
BAALI

FOR STORYTELLER USE ONLY?

NATURE! Fanatic
DEMEANOR: Tyrant
CLAN: Baa)

GENERATION: 12H
Hav

CONCEPT? HarBncer
orAnaets

FAATTRIBUTES

PHysIcAL
@0000000
@000000

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina.

SociaL
@000000
@@0000

Charisma.
Manipulation,

@00000 Appearance__@@®000000 Wits.

MENTAL
Perception,
Intelligence__

0000
e 0000
@@@00000

ABILITIES

TALENTS
o0000000
@000000

@®0000000

Brawl. 00000000

Dodge. @@000000

Empathy, @0000000

Intimidation__oO000000

Larceny. 00000000

Leadership__0 0000000

Subterfuge. @@000000

Acting.

Alertness,
Athletics.

SKILLS
Animal Ken_@0000000
Archery. 00000000
Crafts. @0000000
Etiquette__ OOOO00000
Herbalism__@® @000000
Melee. @@000000
Music. 00000000
Ride. 00000000
Stealth, @@@00000
Survival, @0000000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics, @@000000
Hearth Wisdom_@®000000
Investigation__@®
Law,

Linguistics, @@e@00000
Medicine 00000000
Occult. @00000
Politics 00000000
Science, 00000000
Seneschal. 00000000

FAADVANTAGES

___ DIscIpLin
Daimoinon @00000
ae) 0000000

00000000
00000000
00000000

inate

BACKGROUNDS
@000000
@00000
00000000
OO0000000
OO0O0O00000

Herd

Retainers

‘VIRTUES

Conscience/Conviction_@ @ @ @O
Self-Control/Instinct_@ @ 000

Courage.

—=—= OTHER TRAITS

Roap

HEALTH

OO0000000
OO0000000
00000000
00000000
OO0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Devil
@e@e@ee000000

=== WILLPOWER
@e@@eeee0000

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

-l
-l
2
2
5

‘WEAKNESS

Vulnerability to Faith

Jupas Goar

Quote: An excellentchoice, milord. Thedemon-worshippers _ upmanship and the promise of a new power play every night.
will never stand a chance. Gird your sword and gather your armies! You have never once looked back to what might of been, but
Prelude: As you are often fond of instead revel in possibility and your power to bring it all
telling your contemporaries, this is : crashing down.
what you were born to do. Concept: An infiltrator par excellence, you have the
Theionly family. youever knew requisite talents to blend more or less seamlessly into any
was the commander of acompany of : oe gathering of Cainites, a modicum of genuine
brigands for whom you played 12- Nef : knowledge and power with which to back
ar-old information gatherer. Then, : upyour claims, and the sense toslip away
after the robbers' capture and execu- L = unnoticed in the night when in danger
tion, it was on to sniffing out, getting ; of being unmasked.

close to and betraying bandits, b : Roleplaying Hints: There are
poachers, and unwanted \ FN easily a hundred different ways to
trespassers on the sheriffs : : ferret information out ofan unsus-
land — the very same p Hffap pecting individual or win that
sheriff who broughtabout Wk individual's trust, and you know
the end of your former ac- y Y : p them all. You are the consum-
quaintances, in fact ": E 5 mate conversational strategist:

Twenty-five years <a i & You never volunteer infor-
and four masters later, mation unless you are sure of
you had becomeade- A , the impact of your words,
ceptively small-scale ; G z frequently ask questions
player situated in the A : the answers to which you
Norman court — a veri- * ¢ {7 already know, and can
table viper's nest of backstabbers, slip into the role of
bribery and bedroom alliances. There you : Be trusted counselor, loyal
learned the fine points of humiliating a rival 1 confidant, orobsequi-
before taking him down, the subtle joys of S : ous yes-man at a
slowly and methodically dismantling your prey, i moment's notice.
and the important applications of status, influ- Equipment:
ence, and pride. And there you attracted the . Assorted vest-
attention ofa master manipulatorcenturies more ments, trinkets
experienced than you. STING and finery suffi

The Cainite situation in feudal Europe, for / cient to assume
you, is a dream come true — it isa maze of plans |} 4 ; whatever guise
within plans, subtlety layered upon subtlety, an eG: 6 is necessary
incessant manipulator's morass of intrigue, one-

CLANBOOK: BAALL


NAME:
PLAYER?
CHRONICLE?

CLANBOOK:
BAALI

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGESs

NATURE? GALLANT
DEMEANOR: Jupae
CLAN: Baav)

GENERATION: 107
HAVEN:
CONCEPT! Jupas Goat

ATTRIBUTES

PHYSICAL
Strength. @000000
Dexterity. @@000000
Stamina, @@000000

SoclAL
Charisma, @000000
Manipulation. 0000
Appearance__@ 0000

Me
Perception___.
Intelligence__¢
Wits. @

o00000
000000
00000

ABILITIES

TALENTS
Acting. @@@00000
Alertness, @@000000
Athletics @0000000
Brawl 00000000
Dodge. @0000000
Empathy. @0000000
Intimidation__@ 0000000
Larceny. @0000000
Leadership__ 00000000
@@@00000

Subterfuge.

SKILLS
Animal Ken_0 0000000
Archery. @@000000
Crafts. @®0000000
Etiquette___ @0 000000
Herbalism___0 0000000
Melee. @000000
Music. 00000000
Ride. @0000000
Stealth, @000000
Survival. O0000000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics, 00000000
Hearth Wisdom_00000000
Investigation__@®0000000
Law. o0000000
Linguistics, o0O0000000
Medicine. 00000000
Occult, @0000000
Politics. @@@00000
Science. 00000000
Seneschal. 00000000

ADVANTAGES

DISCIPLINES

@@000000
@@000000
@0000000
00000000
00000000

Auspex
Dominate

Daimoinon

BACKGROUNDS
Generation 000000
Contacts _@®®00000
00000000
00000000

00000000

VIRTUES

Conscience/Conviction_@ @ @ 0 0
Self-Control/Instinct_e@ @ @ @ 0

Courage. @ee@00

== OTHER TRAITS
OO0O000000
OO0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000

Roap
Devil

@e@ae@ee@eeo0o0d0d

== WILLPOWER
e@e@eoo00o0000n0d
OooOo0oo000

= — Bioop Poon

Ol
OO

HEALTH
Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

‘WEAKNESS
Vulnerability to Faith


Dark AVATAR

Quote: We have strayed so far, my sister. Wehave
been alone so long. I know your loss, your loneli-
ness, your pain. Let us again be One

Prelude: Your original "self," although
she has suffered such suppression and distor-
tion, wascursed (blessed?) with secondsight.

Although it seems centuries ago, you
can vividly remember the time before; the
villagers' gropinghands, the insistent pres-
sure of their lust against your thighs, the
salty taste of blood in your mouth as you
were cruelly thrust into womanhood.

It was there, in the flight through

the wilderness that followed, you

were discovered by a neophyte

coterie ofthe children of Baal
Youunwittingly joined their
ranks and, in so doing, 2
fused the comparative ff
harmlessness of your
former delusions into a
single, terrible world-f
shattering vision. But
now they are all gone. It

is your task, and yours
alone, to reclaim the One-
ness that was lost, and to
heal the wounds that have
divided its children (the
Cainite race) for so long —
through the purification of &
Diablerie.

Wf

Concept: Alll that has
gone before is a mystery to
you. You know only that you
are alone. It is yours alone to
understand thenature of your
solitude; you and your breth-
ren represent the crack
between worlds, the gaping
hole inall chatis, was, and will

ever be, the yawning chasm that has been growing since the
dawn of time that threatens to swallow everything. What this
means, you are not sure, but you know it is terribly important.
Itis yours alone to remember; yours are the distant but
all-too-clear visions of the Progenitor, he whom legends
name Ashur, Baal, Nergal and Molochall at once, immor-
tal, integral, indivisible, and the searing symphony of
shattering, each sliver weaker than its predecessors, a
spiraling sequence of decay leading to the detriment of
all
But you have found an answer. Yours are
the hands that will someday seal the breach
forever. Yours is the siren song that re-
claims your splintered selves, each strain
a telling blow in the face of oblivion.
So it is for you every time you
experience the Amaranth anew.

Roleplaying Hints: So many
centuries. So many lives. So
many souls. Their voices still
echo through your waking and
dreaming moments with alarm-
ing clarity. The woes of those
whose wills you have over-
whelmed weigh heavy on your
mind, and the times when you
longfornothingsomuchaseter-
nal rest come upon you with

increasing frequency of late.
Youknownow, however, that
their stanchion song only urges
you on to the day when the One is
regained — and that, with every
new addition to the army within

you, that day draws ever closer.

Equipment: Tattered frock,
prehistoric sacrificial dagger from
the Indus River Valley, ever-
changing collection of

mementos from past ‘lives'


NAME:
PLAYER:
CHRONICLE!

CLANBOOK:
BAALI

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGES»

Nature: Autocrat GENERATION: 7TH
DEMEANOR? CHD HAVEN:
CLAN: BAaL) CONCEPT: DARK AVATAR

PHYSICAL
Strength____e@000000
Dexterity___®@@®00000
Stamina @@@00000

ATTRIBUTES
SOCIAL MENTAL

Charisma, @@@@0000 Perception__e@®®00000

Manipulation_@@000000 _Intelligence__e0000000

Appearance__ 0000 Wits_____e®000000

TALENTS
Acting. 00000000
Alertness @@@00000
Athletics oO0000000
Brawl___ 00000000
Dodge_____ @0000000
Empathy. @@@00000
Intimidation__OoO0 000000
Larceny. @@®000000
Leadership___0 0000000
Subterfuge___0 0000000

ABILITIES

SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Animal Ken_@@®000000 Academics. 00000000
Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_@0000000
Crafts, @@000000 Investigation__@0000000
Etiquette. 00000000 Law. 00000000
Herbalism__@ @®00000 Linguistics. 00000000
Melee. @0000000 Medicine. 00000000
Music. 00000000 Occult @@@00000
Ride. 00000000 Politics____00000000
Stealth, @00000 Science. 00000000
Survival, @@000000 Seneschal, 00000000

ADVANTAGES

DiscreLines
Daimoinon _@@®00000
Obfuscate _@@®000000

00000000
00000000
00000000

BACKGROUNDS "VIRTUES
Generation @@@®®000
OO0000000
00000000  Self-Control/Instinct_e@000

OO0000000
00000000 Courage______@@ee0

Conscience/Conviction_@ @ @ @O

—— OTHER TRAITS
00000000
O0000000
00000000
OO0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
O0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Roap HEALTH
Devil Bruised

@@2e2e000000 Hurt
Injured

== WILLPOWER Wounded
Mauled
ee2e2080000080 Crippled

o0000 Incapacitated
=== WEAKNESS ==

BLoop

Vulnerability to Faith


Broop MorTHER

Quote: Spare you? The mantis beheads her mate
during breeding; the wasp paralyzes its
victim, impregnating it with eggs that
later devour the host. Tell me, where
is your God's compassion in this?

Prelude: Your mortal y
hold no significance for you. Your
first memory was of finding your-
self drowning in a pit of organs
and limbs, trying to find purchase
ontheslick innards that pressed
against your naked body.
Then the insects came and
claimed you as their do-
main.

You drowned,
choking on viscera
and the mad
crawling things
streamingdown
your throat; you
can still taste
themtothisday.
You emerged
from the pit
howling with
madness, pregnant
with Cainite vitae and
insect egg-sacs. All
emotional ties to this
world died in that
hellish night, and
only the cold com-
fort of Via Hyron
remains tosave you
from utter insanity.

Following your Em-
brace, you served an
ancient sect of the Baali,
the Avatarsof the Swarm,
as Brood Mother. Al-
though youarestill young,
many generations of the

Sa
"

wt

swarm have lived, laid eggs and died within you. You are the
keeper of the insects that infest your body. They feed on your
dead flesh and youcan feel them crawling throughout you. You
need no other lover.
Concept: You are more than Baali, you are a
- * member of an ancient sect who predate the Baal-
worshipping fools of today. Once you considered them
younger brothers, stupid and naive, but they committed
sacrilege in trying to awaken the dark ones. It is up to you
and your order to deal with their misguided madness
before they can betray the principles of the first
tribe. You are the one who hunts
the lesser Baali
Roleplaying Hints: You
speak toyourchildren, the swarm
within you, but others call you
mad. You explain your purpose
in cold and precise fashion, but
they call you monster. You then
show them the glory oftheswarm
by issuing plagues from your
mouth, but they can only scream
in terror. There is
a reason you have
‘Tittle respect for
those around you.
They can never
understand the
duty you carry,
never know the dark
secret that sleeps and
dreams of their horrible
destruction. You do— it is
a burden you bear as Brood
Mother.
Equipment: Leper rags to
hide you from the ignorant pub-
lic; Egyptian scarab to identify
you to other Avatars of the
Swarm; ritual knife to cut
yourself open when the new
swarm is ready for release


NAME:
PLAYER:
CHRONICLE:

CLANBOOK:
BAALI

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK HGES»

NATURE Caretaxer
DEMEANOR? TyRANT
CLAN: Baa)

GENERATION: 12t#
HAVEN:
CONCEPT: Broop MotHeRr

ATTRIBUTES

PHYSICAL
Strength, @@0@0@0000
Dexterity___@®@®000000
Stamina, @@@0000

Soci
Charisma, @@000000
Manipulation_e@®00000
Appearance__@®0 000000

M

Perception,
Intelligence__
Wits.

@0000
O00000
O00000

ABILITIES

TALENTS
Acting. 00000000
Alertness, @@@0@0000
Athletics. 00000000
Brawl. OO0000000
Dodge. @000000
Empathy. @00000
Intimidation__oO000000
Larceny. 00000000
Leadership__®0000000
Subterfuge. @@@00000

SKILLS
Animal Ken_@®®00000
Archery. 00000000
Crafts @0000000
Etiquette. 00000000
Herbalism__@ 0000000
Melee. @000000
Music. 00000000
Ride. 00000000
Stealth, @@00000
Survival, @@000000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics 00000000
Hearth Wisdom_@0000000
Investigation___0 0000000
Law, OO0000000
Linguistics @0000000
Medicine 000000
Occult, @@e@00000
Politics. 00000000
Science 00000000
Seneschal. 00000000

DISCIPLINES
Daimoinon @0000
O0000000
OO0000000
OO0OO000000
00000000

ADVANTAGES

BACKGROUNDS
Mentor e@0000
Status @0000000

00000000
00000000
00000000

‘VIRTUES
Conscience/Conviction_@ @ @ 0 O

Self-Control/Instinct_@ @@ 0 O

Courage.

== OTHER TRAITS

Roap

HEALTH

O0000000
O0000000
00000000
OO0000000
O0000000
OO0000000
OO0000000
OO0000000
O0000000
O0000000
O0000000
OO0000000

Hive
@e@ee@eee0o0o0d0
=== WILLPOWER

@@e2eee00000
oOoO000

—— B00!

Bruised

Hurt -l
Injured ot
Wounded = -2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

NES
Vulnerablilty to Faith


Quote: You have never attempted to learn our ways; you
would never understand them even if you did. Already too many of
my brothers and sisters have fallen before your kind. There can be
only hatred between us. Prepare for your end.

Prelude: In the distant days before your Embrace, you
were a great warrior — chieftain over a band of raiders whose

wavesofpillageandplundersweptacross the Western world
like an inexorable plague. Aragon,

Iberia, the forested Balkans, even

the frozen North — all of these

lands your wolfen followers pil-

laged at your command.

Your murderous company of-
ten sold their swords to the service
of another, if the price was right.
On those few occasions when you
were hounded by the armies of
the land, or met with organized
resistance, you crushed your
enemiesutterly, drivingthem
before you. Before long, your
standard wasfeared,andseen
as an unspoken object lesson
to be learned by all. Your
company's name became syn-
onymous with death.

All that is behind you
now. Long ago, your Sire
opened your eyes to the
blinding truth —
thatall the battles
in which you
have fought and

prevailed until now have been as fires in the forge, testing your
mettle and honing you in preparation for the coming confron-
tation.

Concept: Under the less-than-tender ministrations of
your Baali masters, the Embrace has transformed you from a
man into a monster. In life, your sword was simply a means of
survival. It was a way of life, no better or worse than many
others. Now, however, itis friend, family, soul and salyation all
at once ~ a narrow steel bridge atop which you stand, cham

pioning the coming darkness
Roleplaying Hints: You are every religious fanatic's
dream made flesh — a warrior-zealot whose fervor and
devotion to the Destroyer are outpaced only by
your insatiable bloodlust. Others' attemprsat
conversation with youare futile; you have
conditioned yourself to pay no atten-
tion to their lies. Your enemies are
legion, and you have cut down
countless numbers of those who
stand between Baal and his re-
tum. You will show them no
mercy
Equipment: Well-
wor greatsword, several
shorter blades of varying
lengths, piecemeal ar-
mor, seasoned band of
mercenaries (who
serve you as both
vassalsand vessels),
various trophiesof
war


NAME:
PLAYER:
CHRONICLE?

CLANBOO!
BAALI

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK HGES»

NATURE! Roque
DEMEANOR? Tyrant
CLAN: BaAAL)

GENERATION: 12tH
HAVEN:

CONCEPT? CHAMPION OF
CHAOS

ATTRIBUTES

PHYSICAL
Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina.

@0000
@000000
@00000

SOCIAL
Charisma. o000000
Manipulation, @00000
Appearance__@ 0000000

MENTAL
Perception___
Intelligence__¢
Wits.

0000
000000
000000

TALENTS

Acting. 00000000
Alertness___®@®000000
Athletics,

Brawl.

Dodge.

Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation__@®®00000
Larceny. 00000000
Leadership__@@®000000
00000000

Subterfuge.

ABILITIES

SKILLS
Animal Ken_0 0000000
Archery, 00000000
Crafts 00000000
Etiquette__O OOO0OO0000
Herbalism__0 0000000
Melee. @@0@00000
Music. 00000000
Ride, @@@00000
Stealth, 00000000
Survival, @@000000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics, @0000000
Hearth Wisdom_@0000000
Investigation__.0 0000000
Law. 00000000
Linguistics 00000000
Medicine. @0000000
Occult, 000000
Politics, 00000000
Science 00000000
Seneschal, 00000000

ADVANTAGES

DISCIPLINES
Potence @000000
0000000
@@®000000
00000000
00000000

Presence

Daimoinon

BACKGROUNDS
Mentor @®0000000
Retainers _@@000000
Hard @®000000

00000000
00000000

"VIRTUES.
Conscience/Conviction_@ @ 0 00

Self-Control/Instinct_@ @@ @O
Courage. @@000

—— OTHER TRAITS

Roap

HEALTH

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Devil
e@e@eoo00o00o0o0n0n

== WILLPOWER ——

@@ee000000
(Ea

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

‘WERHKNESS
Vulnerablilty to Faith


VILE TEMPTRESS

Quote: Slit your wife's throat, I said, or she will be ravished, Concept: Devoted analyst of the fine distinctions be-
but will live, believing you to be responsible. Which do you tween "right" and "wrong," the notions of good and evil are to
perceive to be the lesser of those evils, I wonder? you what pain and endurance are to your torment-

Prelude: Unlike the overwhelm- : minded contemporaries. You continually testing the
ing majority of your counterparts, you XN bounds of morality, resolve and inclination.
have never known a "normal" hu- y Youdelight in the torments you inflict, and

man existence, or a time when your triumphs over the souls of those so tor-
you were anything butsubservi- mented. You are becoming more like the

entto your masters—and their
Masters. Your mother and fa-

ther were privileged members

of the D'habi slave family, and

you yourself the product of controlled
breeding — the fruit of seven genera-
tions spent cultivating strength and
culling weakness. You were taken
from your parents on the day of your
birth, and have never seen them,
nor ever wished to,

Upon reaching womanhood,
your had your destiny made clear
to you, and your years of faithful
service were rewarded by the Em-
brace. Immortality has made you
intoadangerous unknown —acor-
rupt seductress, wise beyond your
years and permanently fixed in a
shapely 20-year-old body by the
Blood. Even more fearsome, it has
given you the freedom to refine your
fiendish desires into an unseen, ma-
leficdrive of which yourelders would
be proud.

CLANBOOK: BAALI

Setites than anything else, pursuing evil
deeds out of decadence and infantile he-
donism; countless of your kind are sure to

follow you down the same degenerate path in the
centuries to come.

Roleplaying Hints: Your elegant ap-
pearance and serene, standoffish manner
cover a host of base passions and perver-
sities. In yourprivate chambers, you are
cruel, unkind, and sadistic. You en-
gage your tastes for others' suffering
on those unfortunate enough to oc-
cupy yourcurrentattentions. In your
eyes, the human spirit is a puzzle to
be undone; a carefully crafted for-
tress to be scouted out, invaded,
broken, and reduced to ashes. Al-
ready you have blazed an impressive
trail of soulless husks, shattered
dreams and broken lives — and a
new challenge awaits you every
evening.

Equipment: Well-stocked
wardrobe furnished with the best
fashions, quantity of readily ac-
cessible wealth, stable of men (all

of whom you mistreat mercilessly)


NAME:
PLAYER:
Curonici

CLANBOOK:
BAALI

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK HGES»

NATURE! Monster
DEMEANOR: Roque
CLAN: BAAL)

GENERATION: 12H
HAVEN:

CONCERT: Vite
"TEMPTRESS

PHYSICAL
Strength___e0000000
Dexterity___@ 00000
Stamina. 000000

ATTRIBUTES
SociaL
Charisma. @@0@@0000
Manipulation_@0000000

Appearance

MENTAL
Perception__@ @® 00000
Intelligence__@®000000
Wits, @@00000

ABILITIES

TALENTS
Acting @@000000
Alertness. @@0@0@0000
Athletics. 00000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge. 00000000
Empathy. @@80@0000
Intimidation__O 0000000
Larceny. 00000000
Leadership__0 0000000
Subterfuge___@ ®@@00000

SKILLS
Animal Ken_00000000
Archery, 00000000
Crafts @000000
Etiquette___@®@®®00000
Herbalism___@ 0000000
Melee. @000000
Music. @00000
Ride, 0000000
Stealth, @0000000
Survival O0000000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics, @0000000
Hearth Wisdom_@0 000000
Investigation___0 0000000
Law. OO0000000
Linguistics. 00000000
Medicine. 00000000
Occult. @@00000
Politics, @0000000
Science. 00000000
Seneschal. 00000000

ADVANTAGES

DISCIPLINES
Paimoinon _@@000000
Celerity @@000000

00000000
00000000
00000000

BACKGROUNDS
Resources 00000
Herd @@000000

OO0000000
OO0000000
OO0OO000000

VIRTUES
Conscience/Conviction_@ @ 000

Self-Control/Instinct_®@ @@@O

Courage @00e0

HEALTH

—=—= OTHER TRAITS
O0000000
O0000000
OO0000000
00000000
00000000
OO0000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
00000000
O0000000
00000000

Roap
Devil

@e@eeee@00000

=== WILLPOWER
@e@e@ae@eeooo0ond

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

oO
== WEAKNESS
Vulnerablilty to Faith



Onfamous Bool Through the QAge9)
The Baal — reviled, hunted, and inevitably
destroyed, That's what the members of the other clans
tell themselves, nnd some even believe it. Despite the

stigma attached to the bloodline, some Banli have
risen to positions of considerable power, Some main-
toin theit status because it suits others to lenbe them
there, while others are skilled in duplicity and con Hide
theie true natures. Oespite this, the adage about the
Highest naff being Hammered Sown Holds true for the
Baal; to court fame ts to court destruction,

The infamous Wool listed below include examples
both of those smart enough to elude capture and those
soho fell to their enemies, QU are nal of importance,
and while some may Have received True Benth, all
have legacies which echo down through the centuries.


Tue Many Faces or SHAITAN

Other books for Vampire: The Dark Ages recount
Shaitan's legacy in extensive detail (see Dark Ages Compan-
ion). Admittedly, there are many different tales of Shaitan
and his actions; some of these stories even contradict each
other. That is not surprising, as any number of Cainites have
claimed the name "Shaitan" through the ages, and each has
told different tales of his history, intentions and powers. Most
of the impostors are long since fallen to dust; of the horde of
Cainites who posed as Shaitan, only one survives to this date

The Baali who currently claims the mantle truly believes
that he is in fact Shaitan. This Shaitan would seem to be the
product of Nergal's machinations several centuries past, but
nothing more is known of his origins. The impostor first made
hispresence known in the city of Toledo in al-Andalus, where
he was Magister of the infernal Black School, a college dedi-
cated to the dark arts. Unlike Nergal, who was more interested
in spreading the worship of Namtaru, this Shaitan specialized
in guiding others along the path of infernalism,

It took decades for other Baali to discover the impostor's
whereabouts. In the meanwhile, in a frenzy of educational
fervor he taught summoning rituals and true names of power
to mortals and depraved Cainites alike. Before the Black
College wassmashed, its graduates had already spread infernalist
teachings far and wide across Europe and intonorthern Africa

The Baali eventually destroyed the school and all of its
students, but Shaitan himself escaped. The most popular story
claims that he fled westward, across the sea; other tales have
him returning to the Fertile Crescent. Most Baali simply hope
he went too far west, fell off the edge of the world and dashed
his head against the rocks below.

CYBELE

Cybele was Shaitan's childe, though precisely which
Shaitan may never be known. Embraced in the maddening
corridors of the Knossos Labyrinth, she learned her craft from
its whispers and advanced along paths of corruption and power
far quicker than any of Shaitan's other progeny. When Thera
erupted, she was among the few acolytes who escaped C
she bore with her the knowledge that Moloch's Baali had
betrayed her sire.

Cybele was Moloch's chief adversary following the de-
struction of Crete. She grew in power far quicker than any
could have anticipated, and dedicated her unlife to fighting
her sire's betrayer. When Carthage sent Hannibal forth in the
Punic Wars, Cybele helped Rome defeat the African general
Her actions to defend the city earned her praise and power
from Rome's other Cainites, who were unaware of her lineage.
Unfortunately, Cybele herself pucan end to her advances; she
suffered from a terrible blood-lust, and occasionally went on
murderous and bloody rampages through her temples. Her
Cainite supporters within the Roman Senate t
matter up, but before long the truth of her origins was whis-

din the Forum.

ed to hush the


TIHH NI NOY OL *XIGNHddy

patina sey ays ‘Bupjeq auarod siyp yar jy "Surpureas say Jo auo
20} }euoradaoxa Ajnun away e— sedsaq] jo p10y Yarsouyy payfe>
PIN aup weyp Aanua ue ssa] OU savas ays IY 29} aU st
Sur4juuioa a10y\ "siaad natp pur ruesag ploy a~p Sulpnpout ‘s19
-mod sa1vaa8 [B19A98 01 j]asioy porennesBur sey Ye-L-e,
"Aouatyya 19y 02 Ayrasaa adoung anoyZnosp yse Jo said
‘ySnoup ‘Aya Apoexe sins axe auON sBuIpjoyz9y uodn ssedsan
aslAuayRO 10 Yped say ss019 07 YSNoUD oreuNaOFUN IOpeato |,
Aue Sumo) pue ‘Buronpas ‘Surseusua ‘axLry Jo varppry>
ayp Joy paney yersadsa ue sreaq ays ‘A]jeuonIppy "wuaUE
-amBysip auos Sutpeasuo st ays Jey radsryss owos YBnoy
‘urejs] Jo uoRrpen ayp uF ‘payoa pue paraoo sao8 ays 2ey
220 19y YIN uaxods pue you avy OYA soITUTED May aSOU],
-s1ay0 jo Auedwoo ayp 01 apnarjos Buyzzayaud ‘uoye YOM ays
‘puny 194 Jo srayro Aue ay] {UOIsNFUOD anoYpIM pue ApjoMb
0820p ays ‘S198 ays VAY) "BUILD Jo JaPTLYO ayp Suowre uaa
Arepuada] st ameu payynrun ‘wye> Ajleurpioenxa 494]
-auN]Poo]q YsH [ay 19 Jo sfuer arp YSnomp Appin A[qeszzrewsas
wast sey (143IN Aq afdounueysuog as) yoeyg ay ynpeuy
asoud Yysty yspuay ayp Jo 9891010 r9WUOy spp ‘o1EIS-An19
ueipexyy peap-Buo] ev jo Bury ayp Jo aurqnouos-aouG,

HY-TY-YJA]

suizeoyD 02 nueWeN WuNIaL
pue a1erd ayer ued ay ‘wry puryaq aut poojq parun e tpl
sdeyzag "adoing jo yeeg ayy Sunesn{qns pue sepyryp apse

Sunear uo soenuasuos ay ‘pearsuy aun sty Ie WaYp.3ysyOr
Aarpige ayp ssassod 20u saop ay 2eyp s[a9j Jeouezy way} ‘ann st
aeYJ] ‘WuearNs sty Sudonsapare oym Aaup stat pue PULdqey
yp prens 1uvsaqy snouresur aya sisadsns yeauezy "paystuen
Je aaey squage sty ang "ypuIadgeT atp Jaaooun 01 suOya Ut
aa 02 saNtuTeE JeIa.As1UAs seY sMOpEYS Jo JIsew TPeEg ay |
"nreqWeN Jo ApOg ayp st se] ay santa eauezy 404 2UD
fiom s,tereYg a19]dwi09 01
{oY MOU IOU Saop ay ‘YBNOYR "UNTY 10} seTY ‘P}LOM au J01U9
plhom ssauyzep peurars yoryes yZnonp ayes e sayper ang jas!
o1uN pud ue 9q 02 JOU UIZeIOYD JURaUH URTTEYg saactjaq aH
UIZEIOYD Jo $191998 ayp Jo [[B J9A09UN 04 st "FaAaMoy ‘epuase
ann syeauezy "Sutar s,aurpooyg ayn aye2 02 WHY 10} snorxuE
ySnoua sjureuas axe oxy pur ‘siomo1]o}
s1Y s]]92 oy AYA st sea] ae ICY "Teeg yp Jo sIepyg ay)
dansn 02 pue ‘uorurwop sty zapun aurppoo]g ayp aun 02 S925
9y ‘pearsuy ‘siossazapaid sty jo sayeasius ayy Buneadas jo uon
-uaqUy ou sey ay ‘sraypes peauezy ry saoi0y ap anrdsaq
"]]4 Jo ypSuans
yBnomp ype] stp 10} soresuadwoo ang ‘Arapqns sueeyg
ssassod ou saop ay ‘Aqjeruayy "ssaunjrep Jo eine aiqedyed
-Ivaue pur UI q pl]os soUITe Jo saa Ypres ‘any Sursodun ue
st ay ‘Aypeotsdyg "Azesraape quaiod e ]]ns st eauezy "ewstey>
slossa2apaud sty syoe] ay YBnowppy "weNEYg aouIs auN|poo]q
ayp azrueayes 01 atuteg asty ayp pue utzeIOYD Jo zayny paind
-sipun atp st Wuauaaout [eeg atsu ayp Jo Japeay ‘Jesuezy

THANYZY

"yuesaq
aworag pure sowreu g¢ s;nse WEN Jo aU UayxeI sey ays AYP 408

ji TaerueNy punoj osje aaey Aewr ays "uononaasap s.adeyzED
Burmoyjoy puTAqe] ort y>eq Aem ev pardAodsip ajaqio)
J] Jersew saris 19y ‘nuwnueNy paaias ays Aes soy MOUY OYA
SU], "Poo|g pasind jo .1XI]9 aup passayg pure ‘TueIaK] se J]as19y
poynuapr oy ‘soamuressyy axp asino oa yenay au Buunp "ogy
-p-aygy Jo ud ayp ae pareadde sjasiay 9aqh¢ yeyp Suipeaids
are siowny porepueasgnsun ‘sare eruuaT|IU & AON,
[Jo2 stp vayer pey paneY Jo sre9d ay YBnoyr
se quads pue parla pouroas ays pres 104 aves OYA asoy | "ueB9q
agtyun say ax9yaK ‘9101F 4105 punog diys e preoge 294 paced
peoisur ajaqd Jo Sunysis a]qerjan asey ay, "wrunLi siqio
dup punore ypeq satu UeWOY ayp parMeduosoe JoAdu ays
ang — Aep sp 02 daa]s [pas Aatp axoy — ypzea aup UI yDo[oyy
pue ojlor poyeas aeup sjenays say sean a] -aBeyIED Jo ]]e} AY
Suravojjoy Araishuur v sureutas 9]aqo Jo arey avEWH|N ay,
"Buoye Ayttour unds [949 4poo}q ayn os pure ‘sa8edure 191poo]q
pue s10U! Ur Jj9sa! porsosueM JeBue IY] "UONEOs! 194 1
{adue AyBuiseaout aiou3 ays pur ‘ouTpoo}q J9y jo SION a4
paaatjagsip oya Araid0s aa1uteD jo suonuod asoup udAe Woy,
d]qdd paziden1s0 Ajmo]s suONde asay] J, UOReNSeD-JJ9s Jo SoIld
oyqnd Burwoprad pur saatuy Yate saajasuzayp BuMINd ‘s1oans
dy UI poouep sisoud ppv yonuns sy udys ‘sjearasay Burp
Ayjersadso — uonepidan pur say auros yates 31nd J9y papreBa1
suewoy ‘sure Suoure snaeas paxoary sajaqac aidsagy

are oym Teeg


her attentions to Byzantium, its tenuous relations with the
Western Church and the great games of power that are all too
frequently played therein.

Unsurprisingly, rumors regarding Ma-ti-ab''s eccentric,
solitary nature and twisted motives abound, however. Some
name her traitor to her own kind, and call her a murderess
responsible for the destruction of her sire. Others believe she
is not Baali at all, but a subversive agent of other powers,
perhaps Setite or Tremere. One source, stemming from a
fragmented chunk of an Eblaite tablet, claims that she has
evolved beyond the limitations of mortal and Cainite exist-
ence altogether, and become a dark and hungry goddess made
flesh.

Whatever the truth, "Mary" has become something of a
dangerous figure in to her contemporaries, and to the Dark
Medieval world as a whole. She is woman, wild-card and
waist-deep in the politics and intrigue of the realm. She deals
with mortals and immortals, and is a prominent figure upon
whom many eyes have settled.

‘And as always, the nail that stands too tall is inevitably
hammered down.

CLANBOOK: BAALL

DKopendix te OF
Interest to Scholars
and Chirueons

THE SLEEPERS STIR

Many older Bali orders have abandoned the Levant for
Europe or the uncharted East, in an attempt to marshal their
forces far from those who know and hunt them. Their home
shall always be between the cradling arms of the Tigris and
Euphrates, but such lands are no longer safe for them,

There are other matters, though, of greater concer to
them. Through their laxity and weakness, the Bali have
allowed too many true names to slip out into the world.
Uncontrolled and unbidden, these names have brought the
Sleepers closer to waking than they have been since the days
of the first tribe. Mysterious plagues boil forth with increasing
frequency, and the Baali know this to be evidence that
Namtaru is awakening. Those who know the legends of the
Children fear that once Namtaru awakens, the other sleepers
will be close behind. These Cainites now hide, or they seek
ways of undoing the impossible. Some hope that by rediscov-
ering the oldest true names, the first names of the Children,
they can find a way to control their actions — for should the
current trends continue, the Children will rise in wrath and
hunger, beholden to none. Others seek to hasten the awaken-
ing, hoping that by doing reverence unto the sleepers, they
might be spared in the coming dark days. And in Europe, the
children of the bloodline cavort and name themselves
Mephisto, and in their ignorance shout names that echo
between the worlds.

All true Baali know thar the end iscoming, however. And
if asked, they will tell you that they think it is coming very
soon.


There are greater powers in the world than mere vampires
These powers have secret names, names of power.
The Baali know those names.

These powers have hidden themselves in shadow and blood,
lest they be awakened too soon.

The Baali know where they sleep.

These powers will someday awaken, and lay waste unto

the world.

The Baali know this, too — and work to hasten it.

Be] Clanbook: Baali includes:
© The history of the most hated bloodline in the World of
Darkness;
© The methods by which the Diaboli:
corruption;
New Merits, Flaws and Daimoinon powers. G44 65 FOR NATURE MINDS

spread their foul

GAME SHH: GAME FACTORY.
FOR ADULTS ONLY
