# File: Clanbook Salubri.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

€

CLANBOOK:;:
SHLUBRI

A CLANBOOK FOR VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES®


CLANBOOK:
SALUBRI


CREDITS

Written by: Cynthia Summers
Development by: Richard E. Dansky
Editor: Allison Sturms

Art Direction by: Richard Thomas
Interior Art by: Anthony Hightower,
Christopher Shy and Andy Trabbold
Front Cover Art: John Bolton

Back Cover Art: Richard Thomas
Layout and typesetting by: Brian Glass
Proofreader: John Chambers

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
B SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

Waite WoLF}] USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages,
Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are regis-
tered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
tights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild
West, Trinity, Book of Storyteller Secrets, Dark Ages
Companion, Clanbook Baali, Clanbook Cappadocian
and Clanbook Salubri are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. Allrights reserved. Allcharacters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

|

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-
ters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.

der discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolfand

Tec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.


CLANBOOK:
SALCUBRI

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE: A WINTER'S TALE

CHAPTER Two: THE TRIUMVIRATE

CHAPTER THREE: MiscELLANEA Et DEMONICA
CHAPTER Four: THE POWERS OF THE RIGHTEOUS
CHAPTER Five: THE Hosts of HEAVEN

APPENDIX ONE: THE DwINDLING FEw

AppeNprx Two: A Hisroricat Norte, oF
INTEREST TO SCHOLARS AND SLANDERERS



cs

Truth, in matters of religion, is simply
the opinion that has survived.
— Oscar Wilde

ONCE WE
THE PRINCE CaN EXED THE
HOSTS AGAINSIRA) \HEFRNFERNAL,

AND LAID

(ND: KOPF QAINE'S
CHILDER. ONC)

WSsURED. No

NIGHTS. READ OURSPALE,; AND KNOW @THAT SOME
NIGHT, IT COULD BE THINE OWN...

&



Lord WBenedick ceached for the
handle of the d00c that (ed to his

private chapel and paused af the
thread of sound Sipping around the
poorly sealed S00r sri The voice
was sweck and fernate, singing a
Onecistmas cavol De allovoed his hand
fo cest on the heavy iron cing for a
moment vohile he stood listening.
The voice belonged to his quest no
doubt Ghe seemed fo preler the quiet
of the chapel to the noise o the

ceat hall VWOhen the verse had
Paitis BWenedick pulled on the door
and stepped inside.


She stood before the altar, her short dark hair
uncovered from the wimple, arms uplifted. Her plain
gown trailed behind her on the floor. Surrounded by
chilly stone walls, her voice seemed to suggest that
of a bird trapped inside, perhaps tricked by the
reflection of light against the two glass windows. At
the sound of the door, she hastily covered her hair
and turned around. Catching sight of Benedick, she
dropped a quick curtsy and smiled. "Good evening,
sir. | hope I do not disturb."

Benedick felt his heart twist at the greeting, and
he hoped his own smile was equally pleasant. She
seemed so very sincere, which was what galled him
the most. When her hood and wimple were in place,
one couldn't see the tiny scar that was the only sign
of her mark. The smile, the light in her eyes, the
sweetness in her voice — how could such a wonderful
creature be spawn of the Devil?

"Ah, no, no, sister," he replied quickly. "Merely
coming to see if you would join us in the hall for
Christmas revels."

CLANBOOK: SHLUBRI

"The offer is a kind one, lord," she replied. "But
if it please you, lord, perhaps it were best I should
remain behind. Your young son seemed overly taken
with me, and I fear that he should give unintentioned
alarum by his joy."

Benedick searched his thoughts. What had he
been told? Yes, that creatures of hell refused to join
in revels of Christian festivals for it pained them.
Yet, here she was in the chapel singing holy songs.
Ah, but he had been warned that her kind was
particularly skilled in misleading good Christians
into thinking that they were no different than any
other. And she spoke of little Hugh — how fortunate
he had been to learn of her foul intentions before
she had been able to corrupt his boy! His mortal
son, born not long after Benedick's Embrace, was
his greatest treasure; it would be up to him to keep
the land when Benedick was forced to retire from
the public eye.


The young woman gave him a critical look. "Lord,
what troubles you? You seem uneasy this evening."

"Nay, nay, only distracted. My business weighs
heavy upon me."

"Of course, my lord," she answered, and in her
answer, Benedick felt cold blood-sweat creeping
beneath his tunic. She didn't believe him, he was
certain of it.

He Ke

Genevieve frowned internally. Such formalities
were so unlike Benedick, especially after all that they
had endured together in the last few weeks. She
wondered what had gone wrong to make him act thus.
Had his mortal wife accused him of infidelity with her?
The very thought was ridiculous, yet the ultimate proof
of its impossibility would also be her death warrant.

ie He

Benedick considered his next move carefully, not
wanting to reveal his intentions or resolve. He had
been warned about how clever these creatures were,
and he had innocents in his castle whose safety he had
to consider.

"T, ah, merely wished to see if you would be joining
us. | am sorry to have disturbed you." He turned away
from her when an idea came to him. He had to be
certain the demon could not get away, yes, and he had
just thought of the perfect place to keep her until such
time as she could be fetched by those who could deal
with her.

"Now I recall why I sought you!" he said with
forced jollity. "I received a most interesting letter from
someone who claims knowledge of one of your brethren.
It is in my study, if you would see it."

Bright joy came to her eyes, and for a moment,
Benedick thought that perhaps his source had been
mistaken. There was no trace of malice in that smile,
only true happiness, that of a loving sister seeking
information about her lost ones. Perhaps she was as
innocent as she claimed—

"A fine Christmas present, indeed!" she laughed,
and her voice echoed in the chapel. "Thank you, Lord

Benedick! I could not ask for a sweeter gift! Might

"In my study, on the desk," he replied, his tongue
feeling thick. Surely demons did not evince such
genuine pleasure and joy over news of lost kin. Surely
his visitors were wrong. There was nothing demonic
in that blissful face—

"Thank you, sir," she said as she curtsied and then
walked quickly to the chapel door. She pulled it open
and paused. The flickering torchlight behind her created
a strange sort of halo around her head. She smiled
gently and her voice was soft, but no less happy. "God
keep you, Lord Benedick."

The chapel door swung shut behind her with a
finality that made Benedick jump. He impulsively
crossed himself and whispered, "To save my son — it
is not murder, is it?"

He i

Genevieve did not need to read further than
the first few lines — she had seen the same sort of
letter before, in other places. They began with the
same platitudes and appeals for reason, followed
with warnings, followed with threats and closing
with apologies and no guarantees of safety in the
event that warnings were not heeded. As if she
needed further proof, the seal at the bottom of the
letter damned it as the work of the Tremere.

She hurried out of the study, clasping her hands
tightly before her in an attitude of benevolence,
although it was more to keep them from shaking.
She believed that Benedick must have thought she
would be distracted by such a trick long enough to
spring the trap around her. What had they told him
this time? They often tailored their lies to suit the
situation. It wouldn't be beyond them to claim that
she was to deliver little Hugh for a blood sacrifice or
seduce his servants for "unspeakable pagan rites."
She bit her lower lip to distract herself from dwelling
on the matter. Benedick had seemed like such a
sensible man when she had come to his manor for
the first time. He had withstood their threats and
bluster for so long. Did the monsters not even pause
to honor the holiest of days?

Her chamber was in another tower and her belong-
ings were packed, as they always were. Would she be
able to dodge their servants (placed at strategic points
around the castle) long enough to fetch her bundle
and rush out the back door?

"Sister!"

Genevieve felt her breath catch reflexively.
The childish voice belonged to little Hugh, who
had taken a distinct fancy to her in the days following
her arrival. She had so hoped that she wouldn't see
him before she departed. Swallowing the choking
fear that came to her throat, she turned toward him,
hoping that he wouldn't notice her chilly hands

2. ae ONE: THE WINTER'S TALE


and face. Given the circumstances, using blood to
warm herself and flush her face would have been
dangerously wasteful.

Hugh, a dark-haired boy of six, pulled away from
his nurse and rushed to embrace Genevieve around
the waist. "Sister, you have to come hear the singing
for Christmas! The brothers sing so sweet."

She fought to control rising tears and returned the
hug as much as she dared, bending down over the cap
of his dark hair. "Of course I will, Hugh. I have
something to do for your father first, and then I shall
be along. Go with your nurse and I shall see you then."

Genevieve caught the nursemaid's eyes as she
looked up then, and in the mortal woman's gaze was
something unreadable. For a moment, Genevieve
wondered if it was pity, and she appealed to it.
Perhaps sensing what needed doing, the nursemaid
led Hugh away to the main hall.

Genevieve's footfalls made a noise no greater
than falling dust as she hurried down one flight of
stairs, in and out of shadowed corners, and up the next
set of stairs. The door gave way quickly, and she took
in the scene from the vague light falling from the
entrance. Her bundle lay just inside the door, ready to
be seized. She snagged it—

And then a viselike grip clamped around her
wrist, nearly breaking it. She screamed and pulled
back into the stairway, fighting the grip on her. No,
it would not end like this! But whoever held her
was determined not to loosen his hold. There was
only one way loose then. Steeling herself, Genevieve
seized the dangling sleeve and pulled the arm (still
seemingly having no owner attached to it) toward
the torch flame beside the door, closing her eyes
briefly so she would not see....

The smell of cooking Cainite flesh sickened
her, but not as much as the unearthly shriek of
agony and rage that accompanied it. Her fingers
had some trouble loosening from the sleeve, for
they cramped from clutching it so tightly, but
Genevieve got away and sped down the stairs. She
hugged the bundle tightly to her chest, as the only
remembrances of her sire and kin were within.

By now, shouts were heard in the castle. They
must have set their servants in a dozen places, and the
shriek had no doubt warned them that she was not
going to be taken easily. She could hear the sounds of
men-at-arms moving, trying to cut off her escape.

CLANBOOK: SHLUBRI

At the bottom of the stairwell stood one of the
servants. "Sister, why are you—" was all the old
woman had time for before Genevieve moved her out
of the way. She could see the great doors of the hall. If
she could just reach them, she would be safe. If she
could just reach them, she would be free.

A dark figure clad in black and silver stepped in
front of her, holding a struggling child. Hugh. The
man was short and slender and wore a heavy silver
chain. He was smiling. "Sister," he said with a voice
full of malice, "surely you're not going to run off
without seeing Hugh like you promised. Oh, by all
means, continue running. Continue, and I'll tear the
boy's arms off."

Genevieve skidded to a halt on the stone floor.
She could hear others spilling into the chamber
behind her, others who had seen the Tremere threat-
ening the boy. "Just don't hurt him," she said. "Put
the boy down, and I'll let you take me." What are
you doing? her mind screamed at her. Will you give
yourself up for just one boy! She took a measured step
forward, and then another one, clutching her precious
parcel to her chest. She saw Benedick, ashen-faced,
at the side of the hall.

"Oh, very good, Sister," the Tremere said. "Just
walk slowly this way and soon you won't be troubling
Lord Benedick any longer." She tooka step closer, and
another one. The Warlock dropped Hugh to the
ground and offered his hand to her in a mockery of the
courtier's graceful gesture.

"No!" she screamed and struck the Tremere with
all her might. He staggered back. Hugh ran for her,
screaming her name. Genevieve lifted him to her and
quickly toward the door. The Tremere made as if to
seize her, but Benedick's crossbowmen trained their
weapons on the Cainite and he reconsidered.

The hall fell silent. The boy clung to her cold
frame and whimpered. "Hugh is going with me, my
gracious host, for at least a little while," Genevieve
finally said. "I wish him no harm, but I need to ensure
my safety from your...other...guests. Your son will be
returned to you, unharmed, unless he chooses to journey
on with me. I trust you have no objections?"

Benedick's gaze was ice cold. His eyes wandered
from Genevieve's face to that of her assailant's, before
finally settling on the boy. "Milord..." one of his
soldiers said uncertainly. "Shall we—"


"Open the door, and let her go," Benedick said She was not surprised when she heard fighting
flatly. "And God have mercy on your soul if youdon't — break out behind her. But she never looked back.
return him." Neither did Hugh.

"God have mercy on yours, Lord Benedick,"

Genevieve replied, and still holding Hugh, walked
out into the night.


ee.

Contained herein is the work of several
hundced years study This is not a vecord of
my labor but cather that of the authors
whose works 3 quote, and of those voho did
but a teiflirig years of collection and
questioning of listening to others speak
vohile 3 hastily copied dSovon their words
and of translating fromm foreign tongues
vohat nou read here.

3 make no assumptions or declarations
regarding the truth or fiction of these texts
that follove Mhat is for the veader fo knovo
his oven mind and as some of the authors
have said those voho should knove the truth
will kniove it when they look upon it @ for
the vest 2 d0 beliewe that those who seek:
within shall find something but vohether it be
that vohich you seek is not of Hy concern.


for my own part, I cannot say how it came to be that I
accepted acommission tobe ascrivener to these folk. I certainly
never wasan enemy to Saulot's childer, and I enjoyed familiarity
with several of their number in my youth in Jerusalem. how—
ever, none were particularly close companions, and our
friendships waxed and waned over the years. With the coming,
of the Usurpers, though, our intimacies took on a much different
timbre. The last 20 years have found me sadly reckoning those
who had fallen, whether by the hands of the Usurpers or by
those of their tools both Cainite and mortal. I thought long, on
the questions Thad delayed in asking them, the words that I
had forgotten to speak to them, and it seemed that all things
conspired against me ever having the chance to make good on
those regrets.

Then a strange and marvelous thing occurred three
years ago. A slender youth, fair and fresh in face as a mortal
boy but several decades past such age, came to my house and
spoke the name of my dearest friend among his clan. My
friend had bethought himself to make record of his clan's
name and time upon this earth, even as they were scourged
out of it. he wished to make my name known among his clan
as one of trust and honor to whom his clanmates might go
if they wished to make record. The honor was one greatly
unexpected, and I did make the youth welcome that night.
Since that time, I have received countless many unto the
making of such a record, both of Saulot's line itself and of
their companions and oathmates carrying the tales of those
who had fallen. The record in your hands is but a small
parcel of that which I hold in trust.

Some may question the truth of the contents of this
treatise, owing toa lack of names that I can tag onto tales like
trailing ribbons. Ais for reply, I say, what of the tales carried
from battlefields by scribes and bards? They have few names
for the men who fell there in the first rank, and yet we do not
discount those poets for liars. What of the hearth wisdom that
has been passed between men and women, Cainite and kine, for
uncounted years? has aught ever been made to name the
author and speaker of every such word? We Cainites accept
the Book of Nod, as mortals accept the holy Bible or the Torah,
while the question of authors is left to be discussed by men of
greater wisdom than us. Even they in their fickle wisdom have
given us few answers. It is for the reader to decide if he reads
truth or tale, and all Task is that he make no quibbles about the
paucity of names within.

It has become custom among some writers to dedicate
their efforts to someone of worthy fame, or to the one who has
been most instrumental in the creation of the work Gn ancient
days, to that radiant creature called amuse). I had thought the
custom unworthy of keeping until this volume was created at
the direction of my old friend, of whose fate there is no
knowledge. Therefore, to this old and dear friend, Trisala,
grandchilde of Saulot, and in remembrance of the warm lotus—
drowsy nights in Ujjain, I set my hand and my efforts.

Simon ben-Yaakov

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

THE CLAN

First, know that even within the Salubri, there are
divisions. Even the most cursory look at the structure of the
clan reveals one, possibly two, deep divisions. First and
foremost is the demarcation between what can only be called
"castes," and there are either two or three of those. The best
known, of course, are the healers, who are the Salubri that
the Tremere would have us believe to be evil, blasphemous
creatures of darkness. Beside them are self-styled warriors —
those who strike back at the Usurpers and hunt the infernal
Baali through the dark places of the world.

There also may, or may not be, a third caste of Salubri,
who call themselves "watchers." They are not held in high
regard by their siblings in the blood. While the habits and
skills of the healers and warriors are reasonably well-known,
almost nothing is known of these watchers, save for the
scraps I have been able to gather and present here.

ON CusTOM

The Salubri have always been a deeply solitary clan.
Since the days of Enoch, they have preferred solitude and the
open road to one another's company, save when it came to
companies of warriors searching for bloody constraint, or to
sires teaching their childer. They occasionally gathered in
the past, but they have not done so in any great number since
the beginning of the Tremere persecution. They fear that a
gathering of Salubri would make a rich catch for the Usurpers,
and so they scatter themselves to the four winds. When one
is unlucky enough to be caught, she cannot betray her
clanmates (even unintentionally) if she does not know
where they are.

Way OF THE
‘WARRIOR

Though many were the tales brought to me from regard-
ing the warrior caste of Saulot's childer, I am most indebted
to Nuriel, Kadiel and Scatha-Columbkille who spoke with
me at great length and detail upon this subject. The writings
of Nuriel and the narrative of Scatha were so thorough that
any further tales brought to me have been as gilding the lily.

For all that I have vowed to protect my guests by
giving little description or mention of them, I believe that
Scatha-Columbkille requires particular mention. Hailing
from Hibernia, this female warrior chose her names from
a famous woman warrior of her land and from one of her
country's early saints. She was easily as tall as her male
companions, and I witnessed her duel against an intrud-
ing Ventrue to the point where her foe nearly fell into the


slumber of the grievously wounded. This she did, I might
add, without making use of her clan's Discipline (which
she had deemed to be unnecessary and, therefore, dishon-
orable against so puny a foe). Kadiel claimed that Scatha
had been granted leave to bear arms and drive the chariot
of one of the kings of her native country, although he was
not specific about the time when this great honor oc-
curred. Scatha herself was somewhat vague about when
she had been Embraced (in great part because Hibernian
time-keeping and our own method have something of a
disagreement), but based on her recollections, it was
sometime around 700 Anno Domini.

By way of introduction I say this: Had Samiel never
been a stubborn childe, the warriors should not have ever
graced this world. They owe their caste and the creation
of their unlives to him. They are the flower of his wish to
inflict on the unrighteous the wounds that his brethren
healed, and by that, they are the flowering of the seeds
planted by Saulot and Caine.

To be a warrior of the Salubri is far different than to
be one of the animal Gangrel, the bragging Brujah or
even the stoic Ventrue. Any beast may take up arms and
swing wildly in the direction of one's target, striking
something eventually. Even a blind lion sometimes makes
akill, after all. A beast may eventually obtain cunning to

harry his enemies, but he is still a beast in the end. To be
one of Samiel's own requires not that one's cunning or
strength be foremost, nor that one carry some tattered
banner of an ideal or honor. It demands a mix of all that
makes a warrior, a priest and a man, brought together,
wrought and quenched in the blood of their sires. They
strive each night for this, and demand no less from their
childer. Indeed, in these terrible days, they must demand
it even more.

THE TIME OF THE WARRIOR

1 am Nuriel, childe of Akhraziel, and | do set here my
hand and words. At my left hand is Kadiel, childe of Dokiel,
and at my right is Scatha-Columbkille, childe of Baradiel,
who place their sword-hands upon these pages and swear to
the truth spoken within.

The caste of the warrior finds its origins in the time
of Enoch, perhaps earlier, when Samiel, childe of Saulot,
rebelled against his lot as a placid healer. He worked no
great malice, nor brought harm, but found that the ways
of study and quiet works were not to his liking. Why
Saulot chose to Embrace a childe with a restive spirit so
opposed to the temperaments of his other childer remains
a mystery to many, yet it is one that should not be
questioned for its wisdom. It has been suggested that
Saulot was planning for a time ahead, perhaps following


the guidance granted by one of his visions. Other stories
claim that Samiel at first followed the Salubri way, and
only later did his spirit chafe under its bridle. However it
happened, Saulot gave Samiel over to train with the likes
of Brujah and Gangrel, thinking that only in the company
of warriors would Samiel find his contentment.

Samiel is said to have grown strong and able under
his tutors, leaving his sire's side as a discontented, undis-
ciplined childe and returning a blooded, wise young
warrior. Stories tell that he wrestled beasts, diverted the
flow of a river and was left without arms or clothing to
survive for 30 days in the wastes of Nod. The tales about
how he gathered his band to him and trained them are as
plentiful as stars in the sky, but it was also said that Samiel
had 15 warriors at his side when the fatal events of the
vale of Gehenna came to pass.

[A note to the curious: Scatha related several tales
of Samiel that seemed to favor the Fenian cycle in their
telling, which I have preserved elsewhere. Though the
notion of a warrior being tested in the seeking of
companions and a companion being tested to join so
great a warrior is not confined solely to hibernia; I
suspect that were I to inquire of a German warrior, a
Tuscan one and one from Russia, I would hear stories
about Samiel that sound much like the finest warrior
cycles from those lands.]

The tale of the vale of Gehenna has been passed into
our hands thus. There had been many dread whispers
come to Enoch about the creation of a cult of foul
infernalists who made tithe and obedience to the dark
powers. And there was great fear that these infernal
servants might wax powerful enough to attack Enoch
unto her very walls. There was also grave counsel made
and given, and Samiel charged four of his bravest warriors
to go forth and investigate the matter. This process was
done and the nights passed in endless succession for
nearly two waxings and wanings of the moon before there
was word of their fate returned unto Samiel.

Of the four who had departed, only one returned, and
he was near madness with hunger and terror. He was tended
by a healer who was childe of his grandsire's lineage, but it
was some time before he could speak.

When he did speak, it was to tell a tale of stolen blood
and horror such as to make Tzimisce himself flinch in
remembrance of the fallen. When the sorry record had
played itself out, we had word that two of our own had been
diablerized by the vermin who named themselves Baali, and
the dread-haunted messenger himself chose to end his life by
embracing the sun.

Saulot grew enraged that his grandchilder had been
so ill-used and he demanded that war be made upon the
Baali in return for the stolen blood, and lest the monsters
use their new power to create such horrors as had never

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

been visited upon the earth. It is said that there was much
amazement at the change in Saulot's countenance, but of
all his brethren, only Malkav gave him comfort and did
not chide him for his choice. Samiel and his warriors,
standing with an assembled force of every clan, descended
into the valley of Gehenna bearing the blessing of his sire
and the breath of his great-grandsire.

It is not for me to describe the Baali Wars, to speak of
the actions of the devils, or of the sacrifices made, or of
the suffering both inflicted and endured. This is a tale |
leave for others more gifted with words than myself. What
remains to tell after the bloody conflict is simple: We
suffered the loss of Samiel himself, and of over half his
followers. Those left behind at first wished nothing from
unlife, and the grief of their grandsire gave them no
comfort or courage. Saulot spent much time closeted with
his sorrow, allowing no visitors (save Malkav and a much-
loved childe known as Rayzeel), and the remaining warriors
were downcast.

It is said that one who had been named Uriel by Samiel
found the writings of Samiel, which then became the
warriors' Code. Thus Uriel, named for the angel of the sun,
took up the mantle laid down to lead the warriors who would
follow. All who now follow the warrior path of the Salubri
can trace their lineage back to one of these five grandsires —
Uriel, Za'aphiel, Ezrael, Aariel and Gabriel. But for these
five grandsires, the warriors might have languished and
faded in the icy night of Saulot's grief.

Following the Code of Samiel, the warriors grew numer-
ous, and betook themselves to travel across the lands, seeking
teachers of the arts of war that they might strive to learn.
They sought students in these lands and Embraced them in
the way of the Code, teaching them as they themselves were
instructed as childer. In this slow fashion were the ranks of
the warriors replenished, and they did grow to a number
much greater than had been under Samiel's time. Many did
bethink themselves that Saulot had somewhat less joy in
that which his childe had wrought than he might once have
had, for his childe could see it not.

When there are fine warriors, there will be war for
them, and thus it was for our grandsires. They stood
against the Lammites in the land of Cana, against the
Assyrians on the hot plains of that land, against the
worshippers of Moloch in the river valley, and when there
were no mortal wars requiring their aid, the warriors
sought the Baali and gave them no peace or surcease until
the evil ones were forced far from the homes of good folk.
Thus passed the years in teaching and blooding the
young, in standing against the enemies made, and in the
telling of the old tales, until the Wicked Night.

Here endeth this tale.

[Conflict seems to draw the warriors like moths to
light, less for the joy of battle and the ring of arms as


is the Brujah way, than for the need of a cause, of a
wrong to make right. Samiel's descendants' devotion
to their chosen cause, their faith or even a patron saint
is deep and unswerving. Should a warrior fall away
from his path, there is no doubt that he is a creature of
deepest misery and greatest danger, for he has nothing
to lose should he fall further-]

THE CHOOSING

In the meeting and speaking of the warriors, I have
found very little principle regarding how they are chosen
for their caste and Embraced. Some attracted their sires
during their mortal knightly training, while others were
plucked from the dying of the battlefield as if by strange
Valkyries. Nuriel has told the tale of his Embrace, which
would seem that he was chosen after he stood against his
sire-to-be while defending a temple of Mithras. Some had
almost no skill in arms, while others were accomplished
mortal warriors long before taking up the path of Samiel.
The latter has seemed to be the way among the youngest
of the brood, such as Kadiel, who saw his last battles as a
mortal on crusade to the Holy Land.

lam bound by the presence of Scatha-Columbkille that
a word be said about female warriors in the line of Samiel.
Neither Kadiel nor Nuriel would speak much about the
subject, for reasons lam not quite certain of. Scatha said that
she had met only one other woman warrior during her
travels, but had heard little on Samiel's doctrine regarding
the Embrace and training of the gentler sex. Finally, one of
ancilla age consented to my questions, but only if I should
not give his name. His words follow:

‘Gamiel never bade that females be blooded as his
own, but neither did he forbid it, and thus it has come as
we have traveled that we have encountered worthy
women who bore arms when there were not men todo so
or when the men found them worthy of this. Those who
are blooded of the caste are often of no inconsiderable skill
or age, as many of this time find it undesirable to offer a
blooded woman to serve Samiel and our cause."

Indeed, Scatha gave me no cause to question if the
women were trained more lightly than males, for I did see
her make practice with others in the fresh evening hours,
and very often she stood her ground and gave little to any
opponent. She did say that some Cainites of other clans
would not receive or train a woman, even when she bore
letters of greeting from her sire. Of these, she spoke of a few,
saying only that she had been refused admittance toa Greek
Brujah training hall and two Ventrue keeps. She found it a
great wonder that some of these who refused her claimed
that they did so at the directive of God, whose priests in this
time forbade that a woman should bear arms.

While there is no single sort of person who is most
likely to stand with the warriors, | have come to discern
certain facets of spirit that seem to me to be touched upon
more often:

e Firstly, there is some skill of arms, however
rudimentary. Some have said that they were children
playing with swords in the family's yard when they were
first approached, albeit in accordance with Saulot's
dictates, they were not brought under the Embrace until
many years had passed.

¢ Secondly, there is conviction of spirit, even if that
conviction is to say one truly knows nothing. Rarely have
I found a warrior who is indecisive or hesitant upon a
matter; even if he is wrong, he holds to that stance with
a grip like a hawk's talons until he is otherwise shaken
from it.

¢ Thirdly, there is often a restive nature to the spirit
that seeks direction and calling. Some Salubri have claimed
that they were unaware of such until their Embrace. This
wanderlust of the soul has often been called the Precept
of Samiel, especially if it manifests among the healers of
the clan.

¢ Fourthly, all have seen battle in some form, whether
as children watching from a distance or by standing in its
very center. I have never yet met a warrior who came to his
first experience of battle after the Embrace or blooding.

e Fifthly, some receive a direct calling. This is less
common, but some of the finest warriors do speak of
visions, dreams or other means by which they were called
to this life.

THE TRAINING

Of those who were my guests, Kadiel was the closest
toayouth, newest from his blooding and training. "Youth,"
however, is aterm I do not prefer using for him, as he, like
so many of his peers, had grown strangely old before his
time due to the horrors of the hunt against him and his
clan. At Nuriel's direction, he set down the tale of his own
training. Kadiel's words might well belong to many other
neonates of the clan, or so says Scatha, who claimed that
with but a few changes it could easily be a tale of her own
training. Here is his tale:

TI. Kadiel of the line of Aariel. do herewith set down
the account of my training by the directive of "Nuriel.

Upon my Embrace. my sire instructed me in the
ways of the Cainites, of our history as a people and of
the lineage of the clan. Even as I studied this. I was
given my first lessons in the art of the sword. Though
I was trained as a soldier by the grace of my mortal
birth. my sire di deem that I must relearn under his
tutelage. for without these new lessons, I should not be
able to learn further. As I made progress. I was taught
the rudiments of Valeren and my other Disciplines. and

CHAPTER TWO: THE TRIUMVIRATE


made to practice them even as 1d spar with my sire and
master. ‘When I was not within the practice hall. I was
in the library or chapel receiving instruction on our
philosophies and the Code of Samiel.

I was three years into my training as a neonate
when my sire deemed that I must take up study with
another — a "rujah elder whose hand had been on each
childe of my sire and whom my sire counted as comrade
and peer. I made my way to this worthy's hall. and he

} called on me to stand and deliver before I could present

77 —<

myself. Though it might have been a small matter for me
to defend myself before. I had unlearned much of my old
ways with the sword, and thus came before him as if a
child with a stick. I was nearly struck down. but he held
) off the final blow and raised me to my feet. saying that

—

it was his way to test all those who came beneath his
roof that he might best know how to teach them.

Tf Thad thought that my sire was a difficult master
who expected much of me. the Brujah elder proved to be
all this and twice more besides. Not content to instruct

) me in War and the art of arms. but also in philosophy and
scholarship. he tested me in games of chess followed by
long chases through the forests surrounding his hall. ®y
my own admission. I was a stubborn pupil at times, and
though my sire had given him leave to beat me should I
prove recalcitrant or otherwise undesirable as a student.

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI a

Fe Sa

my master found it more profitable to let my folly
thrash me when I fell to one of his students in the
fighting ring.

After a year of this tutelage. my sire visited the
hall to gauge my progress and determined that I was fit
to begin the next time of training — the time of the
testing. I had heard that this was when the unfit were
winnowed from the ranks. for those who failed at their
tests often di not survive their failures. I should sin to
claim that I accomplished all of my tests without error
or misstep. but likewise should I sin to claim that I made
no successes except through my sire's charity. Far more
important than the success of physical accomplishment
or of strain endured without weeping Was the moment
that had come upon me when I was alone in the Wastes
for a single night without arms or clothing, there to
meditate upon Samiel. Saulot and the task that lay
before me. I am not blessed with a sage's tongue nor a
healer's joy. and thereby, I shall not sully what Ido see
with clumsy. halting description. I only know that all
was made clear to me regarding the warriors and my
place among them.

I continued for the next two years in training that
built upon the lessons of the first. whether of religion
or tactics or history. I was even taught to write.
whereas I had only been able to read text before. and in


several tongues, such as Latin, French. tlebrew and the
ancient tongue of Enoch. As I gained command of this
last tongue, my sire and I spoke it often to exclusion of

all others.

[This I have noted, that when Salubri encounter each
other and wish to speak in private, they use the Enochian
tongue. Should they find one among them who did not learn
the language, they may speak in hebrew and make all due
haste to teach the ignorant one. As Gmochian seems to have
become a dead and forgotten language among the greater
number of Cainites, the Salubri have found a fine means of
speech with which to ensure their privacy.]

In summation, seven years were taken to train me
properly as a warrior of Samiel's line. "When my sire
deemed that I had met his satisfaction in all things. T
was taken to my blooding. But let none imagine that a
warrior s learning ends upon the moment of his blooding.
for even now. I do take study with those warriors of
other lands to learn their arts and hear how they make
war — just as I teach those who would hear upon my
own skills.

I made query of Kadiel if he did intend to raise up his
own childer in this fashion, and he replied that he would,
and he would spare them not, for a lazy or soft warrior
brought no good to the line. He made no mention if he had
Embraced any at the time when he and I spoke.

THE BLOODING

The blooding remains one of the greatest mysteries
among those of the caste, and one of greatest personal
privacy. Scatha-Columbkille likened it to the ecstasy of a
saint or the wedding night between a newly betrothed
couple — unfit for the eyes of others. She would not speak
of it for anything before me. Likewise Nuriel would not talk
of his experience, but deemed it amoment even deeper than
the Embrace. Kadiel made small talk upon it, but told me
nothing of any consequence.

In the end, I received the greatest portion of knowl-
edge on this subject from an old squire who had brought
me his late master's journals. The man, a mortal of some
50 years, wept to recall it, as much for the loss of his
master as for the remembrance of what he had hoped he
might one day receive as well.

Here follows the excerpt regarding the blooding of
Sulien de Lessen, later called Nathaniel and childe of Israel.

"Iwas brought toaclearing in the woods, bearing my
armor and arms. My sire did bid me to strip tomy skin and
lay out all that I had brought with me upon the ground at
his feet. This I did, and then we did pray for some hours.
The night around us was of great stillness, without sound
of bird or beast to disturb. The sky above was lit only with
the thousand stars of the firmament, and though the
night was of exceeding clearness, it was cold.

Tue Cope or SAMIEI

of this text, which is said to

Many warriors spc

IT have been

Baali Wars if Samiel did indeed write the entire
document. It seems more likely that Samiel wrote or
dictated certain sections, while Uriel and his coterie
finished the work.

Central to this codex is a section that is believed

to be required for the proper blooding of any Salubri
or. Those who could most likely tell what was

contained in this have long since passed on, and the

eldest find their memories giving them strange trouble

in these days. The most enduring legends claim that
Samiel received direct dictation from Michael,

commander of the Heavenly Host, and was further
commanded that he should purify his warriors by certain

means. Whether such is true or not, those elders who
did receive their blooding by Michael's word report

that the act was less about the shedding of the first
physical blood, but rather the acceptance of spiritual

sacrifice as well. It was described thusly to me:

"J was at once terribly aware of mu unliving state, and
uct J had little concern for it. #tv spirit seemed to open, and
the wound on it made bu mu Embrace was whipped into | | \
bleeding. Then did something greater than muself offer me to
drink, bidding me that 3 should do so and without fear. This
3 did, and it was as though J had been brought to the Embrace
bu cocru thing 3 did hold sacred to musclf."

Over the ensuir
the use of other warriors when they created and blooded

ars, the Code was copied for

childer, but just as often have those copies been lost or

destroyed, at least since the beginning of the Usurpers'
hunts. More importantly, those who were blooded by

tk de and wise in its ways have also been destroyed.

Alternate means of the blooding ritual were created,

but one cannot help but suspect that the childer of

these lesser bloodings are not learning what Samiel

would have wished them to, and that they are somehow

"lesser" as a result.

Most of the warriors believe the true Code to be

largely lost to them, although they search for it no
differently than some scholars might hunt for the Book

of Nod or for parchments of the Gospels. To these

Salubri, the is their heritage as a caste and the

inheritance of their childer. Without it, they may

blunder along.as best as they can, but they believe it is


"My sire then ordered me to stand in a circle he had
prepared and walked around me with great care, askin,
questions of my training and knowledge. If I misspoke or
hesitated, he would grant me a single lash. It was test of
myrage, I knew, and I held it with all strength and effort.
he spoke ‘to me in Enochian, then in hebrew, and I
responded in kind. Above all, I knew that I must hold my
rage and not allow it bridle me, for such would surely be
a failure of all that I had learned.

"I bled from 10 lashes, and the smell of my blood was
as incense upon the air. Though] was staggered, 1 did not
bend. Thereupon my sire called me to recite the codex he
had taught me, which I did without blemish or error.
When I had finished, he said, "Who are you, who claims
that you will hold this Code as dear as your own life~
blood? Who are you that would serve the Lord and be
numbered as of Samiel's lineage?" he asked not for my
birth name, but for that by which I should be known until
world's end, the name by which Samiel should summon
me forth from my grave. Though I had given the matter
much thought in the time before, I could not recall the
name I had chosen for myself. Then, as if from a distant
place, Theard the voice of my father in my ear, which did
say, "Let him be called Nathaniel." Surely this wasa sign
of good fortune and a blessing, and I did say it to my sire.
My sire traced a sign in the air and said, "Then be thou
Nathaniel, and speak tome thy Code asa warrior should."
This I did, and my sire said, "Be thou childe of my blood
and brother of my sword. I shall stand with thee, back to
back, against all who wish us ill and shall be with thee in
the hosts ere Judgment Day." I made the same oath unto
him, and then my wound began to overwhelm me.

My sire brought forth a wineskin of vitae, which I
drank, and I closed my lashes by mine own will. I
dressed and rearmed, and we returned to our haven as
daylight began to lighten in the east. The next night,
when we encountered a Cainite lord of the Ventrue
line, my sire did say to him, "This is my brother and
childe of my blood, Nathaniel."

TuoseE WHo FIGHT

I was given a few names of legendry beyond those who
consented to speak with me. I cannot say how many still
walk the earth, though I do believe that many have elected
to conceal themselves, less to preserve themselves than to
safeguard Samiel's legacy.

Yael, described to me by Scatha, is said to be even older
than she, having perhaps been Embraced during the time of
the Greeks. She was described as a woman of graceful form,
strong but slender and like a deer. She came from lands far
to the north, from a group of horse-herders among whom she
had great favor as a warrior and archer. Yael apparently
learned both paths of Valeren and performed both with
great skill, to the dismay of many infernalists. There is much

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

concern for her, as her concerted crusade against the Baali
and their mortal followers has drawn not only the ire of those
monsters, but also the wrath of their infernal masters.

Hershel was a German youth, barely out of pagehood!
when he nearly fell on the battlefield while carrying hi
master's standard. His sire, fighting nearby, received a
mysterious summons to save the boy. He did. The Embrace
was delayed for some years until Hershel was of proper age
and size to receive mortal knighting. Like some of his peers,
Hershel refused to accept the Tremere's crusade against hi
clan, and he continues as one of their staunchest and most
cunning enemies, harrying their attempts to build chantries
in his native land.

Oreniel al-Noor is described by Kadiel as having been}
a man of considerable age when he was chosen for the
Embrace, a retired soldier of Persian blood. He had sought
the path of the ascetic in the last years of his life, but h
returned to give assistance to his people when they faced
invasion. Another warrior was much amazed by the old!
soldier's skills of tactics and command, and that he could
still heft a sword as a commander should. Upon being first
approached for the Embrace, al-Noor refused, nor did he
accept the second time he was asked. In all, he wa
approached three times, but upon the third time, hé
accepted, claiming that he had had a vision of an angel
seated in a pine tree who bade him to accept the offer. Hé
is believed to dwell in Persia, teaching the next generation)
of young warriors the old arts of tactics and strategy.

THE WARRIOR AND GOLCONDA

The Salubri way of seeking Golconda creates a quandafj|
in those who consider it from the outside. It would seem ta
be ironic — even anathema to the very notion — that
warrior who sleeps with blooded sword might seek and find]
that blessed state. I have made query to those warriors wha
came to me, and of these, I received an answer from onli
Scatha-Columbkille, which I here transcribe:

"The blessing of Golconda is not so strange to us as yoll
think. What is Golconda, but to balance the raging of tl
Beast with the thought of Man? To a warrior, it regardg
bringing balance to the heart, which drives the blood into
the sword=arm. We do not kill for sport, nor do we engage
in the hunting of beasts unless for sustenance, our own of
that of our mortal neighbors. We do not sup from our fallet
enemies, for such is anathema. It is one thing to speak d
one's deeds, but another to boast heedlessly, and this second
is anathema. We do not engage in needless savagery of
pillage upon victory, for this is the way of beasts and devil
We do what must be done, but take no joy in slaughter."

Lasked if there ever came a time when the warrior putuf
the sword to take up the path of Golconda, and Scatha said onlyy
"There are some that do so." :

I should ask further, but prudence grants forbearanet
upon the subject. It would seem from that said that manf


These words are bv the hand of Fuuriel, childe of Akhraziel.

T write of these with a steady hand but an uneasy heart.
Thev are brethren of mine, blood of my father and claim descent
from Samicl, as do J and mine. As Raphael must acknowledge
his kinship with Lucifer, so do J acknowledge mine with those
who have followed Lucifer's path.

It began upon the diablerizing of Saulot. As word of the
catastrophe spread among us, there was a great welter of
confused noises and clashing thoughts. The healers exhorted
Us to remember the words of Saulot in his last vision, of how
he had spoken of his death; for us to act thusly was to ignore
those words and bring shame upon his memory. Some of the
gages among us agreed with them, while others said that we
Must look upon this cvent as vouths leaving the homes of their
parents. We of the warriors are not so skilled in patience as
some might wish, and there was a call to cleave from the
Tremere that which they had stolen from us. Were we not
warriors? Did we not have the strength of arm and heart to do
$0? Calmer minds intervened, claiming that a slaughter would
be a shaming legacu to gift ovr father with. Some listened,
some did not.

Those who did not listen said that they would take back
what the thieving Wsurpers stole, and tear from them all that
thev had pilfered like cutpurses in a street. Thev were led bu
two descended of Aariel's line who renounced their names and
chose instead to call themselves by the names of fallen angels,
and thev vowed that they would rather dic in greatest damna-
tion, lost from hope of Golconda, if it meant that then might
bring anu Usurper with them to suffering. Thev did not go so
far to renounce their blooding, but theu spoke such blasphemu
upon their departure that 3 wonder that our First Sire did not
rise up in rage to smite them.

3 do not know if theu have done as the fallen before them
did and sought infernal intervention. Those who chose to
follow them were small in number, and theu have not been seen
since their departure from our councils. Their wavs present us
with the gravest of questions: Jf theu have fallen completely
into infernalism, then we must slau them as our blooding and
our history demands. But as our numbers grow so few, to slav
them mau mean that we slav ourselues, for no Salubri shall lift
hand against kin. It mav be that we must answer this question
in the davs to come.

Savlot grant us wisdom to choose wisely.

warriors do not reach the blessed state, if for no other reason
than there is never time enough to lay aside the sword.

Tue Days To COME

In these days, the warriors stand at an impasse, uncertain
whether to advance or retreat. They are not so numerous that
they may stand against the Usurpers and make open war on
them, and yet none can let the insult of Saulot's Amaranth
and their clan's decimation go without answer. For each
strike made against the Usurpers, another Salubri ventures
too far into open ground and pays the ultimate price. How-
ever, every Salubri death is answered as quickly as possible
withachantry burned, a Usurper destroyed ora pawn broken.
Above all, the warriors fear that by this crusade against the
Tremere, their work against the infernal is incurably inter-
rupted. As their numbers are decimated, the remaining
warriors grow frantic with rage and despair. They seek to
channel this fury into useful deeds and find their works
turned against them. Where is safe haven for them, when
even the Church so many sought refuge in is used as weapon
against them?

Nuriel spoke of the oaths of hospitality among the
Tzimisce, and that the binding of these things had made for
safety for many among the warriors. He gave little other
news on the matter, save that the eastern reaches, amid the
forests and icy lakes of the Carpathians, might prove to be
more hospitable to his clan than others might suspect. He
gave a puzzling clue to the matter: "Orestes and Athena." As
I have yet to entertain one of the Fiends here, I cannot ask
them of the matter, and must instead turn to Hesiod and
Aschylus, who give me little aid.

THE SONG OF THE
fine, :

I have been fortunate enough to have four healers as
guests in my home, but it is a poor number indeed if one
listens to legends of how numerous such Cainites once were.
The tales suggest that there once were far more healers than
there are now, but that they have fallen to the Usurpers as
wheat before the scythe. One young healer who called
herself Genevieve brought light to these caverns for the first
time in centuries with the lightness of her spirit, while an
elder man translated texts of mine from his own,memory of
reading them as a youth. They were not only bringers of
health, but repositories of wisdom as to startle even those
who fancy themselves well-learned (though this may be but
an elderly Cainite's fancy, tricked into bloom by that rarest
of all gifts: amenable company).

A trait I found most remarkable in many of the
healers I was able to meet was that most believed it their
duty to care for the broken body and for the injured soul
as well. Whether in the sweet voice of Genevieve or in

CHAPTER TWO: THE TRIUMVIRATE


s)

the deft touch of a woman who sought to mend a page of
a prized text that a so-called Artisan had torn in his
research. These hunted ones make themselves allies and
friends among those who are most often friendless among
the clans, such as the childer of Malkav and Nosferatu.
Likewise, their travels often take them among those
whom the mortal world has chosen to scorn, such as Jews
or among those the Church has deemed to be heretics.
They often do themselves great injury. A warlord of a city
who has taken a disliking to the Lepers and attempts to
roust them from his city may crush a healer along the way,
while a mortal king driving Jews from his lands may be
unaware of the Cainites who shelter among them.

It is a sad thing to note that I received most of the
stories and tales of the healers from others, rather than
from the lips of the healers themselves. Only a bare
handful have come to my sanctum; the rest arrived only
in a manner of speaking — via parchments and through
the tales of bards and oathmates.

Tue HEALER'S ROAD

The account presented here is the work of an elder who
came to my sanctum four years ago. While I have made some
annotations in light of more recent news, the words remain.
her own for the most part. She was remarkably well-traveled
and as well-learned in the holy scriptures of Hindu, the
Torah and the Buddha as she was in the Holy Bible. Her
scholarship was remarkable for a woman of her time,
Embraced near the end of her life some 300 years earlier, and
she did say that she could never have imagined such changes
to herself during her mortal life.

All these things Jaccount came from lhe learning of: my
sire and, (from his sire before him. Tdo present them as gift to
the most glorious God.

There are sfew stories oft the lime in Enoch that are nollegend,
bul ibis legendry as ff the Bible or the greal texts of India. That
43 lo say, the legend 7s our own and we allow it to be legend, bul itis
fhe slories thal grow up from lhe seeds of! truth.

Our father, Saulol, was said to bea youll: of the Second
City, wise in lhe ways of medicine and, ‘healing, and, [possessing

unusual falents. Only small, (fragments of | memory regarding

his description remain, and of lhese, many contradict one
another. All agree thal his hair fell; (past 41s shoulders, per-

haps dark like the people of | those lands, and thal he was not
exceptionally fall, and that lo look into his eyes was lo look into
great wells of ‘peace. It has been said thal Father Caine saw
him working inthe fields, lending sick animals, and! by this, by
bis gentleness and; kindly nature, did Caine call, (for one of: his

childer to oft him with the Embrace. His nature did not
change with the Embrace, and because of: l4is, Father Caine
kept him close to his side. There was little Jealousy among fhe
other brethren, per Saulot did nol hoard his good) favor, and
he shared many kindnesses with them ( especrally ath his

brother Malkav, )).

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

[I had heard similar tales from elders of other clans,
specifically that Saulot was one of Caine's favorites by his:
nature, his wisdom and some quality that Caine found pleasing,
T have often wondered, given the legend of our progenitor, if
Saulor did not remind Caine of his lost brother Abel.] |

Upon the Embrace, Saulol. sought. lo bring, (powers of greater
Lealing lo bear. We believe thal he created lhe gifts of Valeren
from Lis own blood ‘and from the leachings of elders eas! oft the cily,
These he taught to others he Embraced, and they bore these)
powers no differently than lhe speedands strength oft the Brujahor
the shapechanging of lhe Gangrel. Among fhese elders and}
mystics, 4elearnedcertain manners of meditation andp. ur ification j
ofthe spiril. When heneglectedthesepractices, be discovered tha
his gifts became strangely warped and would nol do as he willed.
them. His childer were less susceptible, bul they too found. thal
they must keep their discipline pure, lest their powers fall; prey lo
ev, influences.

Thereafter, Saulot maintained thal he and his childer must'
follow certain practices ofy ‘purity, meditation and ‘spirituality ifthe

ots of | Caine were fo be kept! (from faint and, iniquity, From these
commandments and studies, we do believe thal the first sfones on}
lhe road fo Golconda were laid down. Under lhe aegis of our
father, we continued and prospered, taking up roles as mystics
4ealers, augurs or those who lended the herds.

The third eye thal we bear 1s satd to have been a necessary
thing, whereby we saw inlo the olher worlds, the lands of the soul
and the spirit realms. Why we cannol work such wonders now Ido
nol know.

[This is another thing that I have heard from elders of
other clans. Some have targeted the third eye as the
impetus for the slaughter of the Salubri, as supposedly it is
proof that the powers of Saulot's childer do not come from
Caine, but rather from some foul source in the Gast. Such
scholars further cite the fact that the Baali laired in the
Gast in those days, conveniently ignoring the fact that the
human infernalist cult from which Baali sprang do not
appear in text or tale for another several hundred years after
the time of Gnoch, Likewise, there is little mention of where
exactly Saulot went on his journeys, save that he was seen
heading east. Based on discussions with a companion of
mine, Trisala, it seems most likely that Saulot went into the
lands across the Indus, at least at first. however, it isa
strange suggestion that perhaps we did not learn all our
gifts from Caine, nor that Caine possessed all of ours. After
all, there is no tale that ever ascribes to Caine the use of
Valeren, or makes the claim that he was versed in the
wizardly works of the Usurpers.

From accounts of the Malkavians and Nosferatu, it
seems that the Salubri had something of a reputation as
mystics long before Saulot's famous trances. This fact is not
entirely unusual — medicine and religion have a long


conjoined history, and tales from Babylon and the Bible
recount prayers made and the occasional sacrifice to God to
ensure a good outcome in affairs of physick.]

The coming of Ue warriors was notrecetvedaith unfeltered joy
during those nights afler Saulot's first journey. A number of
Salubré geumbled lhal Samiel was merely biller and discon-
lented, and thal he was disciplined as awayward childe should be.
Bul Saulol allowed his to be, and itwas therefore decreed thal we
shouldabide by such. Somefeared that by allowing ourselves tobe
trained, (for war, we would be consumed by it. Others continued fo
study their ots of healing, bul in new ways thal would benefit
warriors, while Samielcrealed gifts thal mirrored the powers of his
sire and brethren, meant lo deal death as we dealt life.

The Baali Wars werea plague upontheland, like the blights
visited upon Egypt in lhe book of ‘Exodus. Some were reluctant lo
stand upon the field against the infernalists, but others goaded
them, claiming thal if we had not the stomach to take the field,
would the other clans do so? What ‘greater spur could be put lo the
sides of the Uentrue, the Gangrel, than to see the faith and
slrenglh of the healers as banners upon these dark plains? So
many healers and warriors came, and, few left. The healers were
cut down as they worked, often withoul guard around them, or they
died thal their charges might live.

The loss of | so many of his brood weighed greatly upon
Saulot. J am told that he closeted himself for many days,
allowing only Rayzeel and sometimes his brother Malkav to
come lo him. te would not come to the plain where the fallen
had Lain, wandering only in lhe darkness of his mind and
spirit. Such was his grief thal it began to porson his gifts, and
the Beast roiled within him, seeking escape. Some feared
thal he might do himself or others injury in 4is madness.
Then, one nigh, he disappeared, (from the erly, telling no one
of ‘his departure. Those who remained behind were, frantic, bul
lherewas no sign of his destiny, only thal he had gone. Without
him, his childer pined and withered. Some departed on their
own journeys, thinking to find him and bring him back. Of
these, none returned and there have been no lales of them.

Years passed. The reckonings of} thal lime claim a fell 10
[ or 100, the sources are strangely confused, [] years came and
went before a strange figure appeared al lhe gates of the eily
lo request entrance. Ft was Saulot, returned, (from more jour-
neys of wandering in lhe East. He bore many changes about
him tn his manner and his ways, which he ascribed lo the
mystical. sludies he had made with the wise men and elders of
lhe lands beyond the river valleys. In particular, he spoke of
the state of Nirvana, of which he had learned of from awise
man who had wandered like himself.

[Again the question of to where Saulot departed raises its
head. I believe that he certainly returned to India for at least
some of the time he spent away, followed bya respite in Cathay.
his studies are indicative of one who took instruction from a
number of masters of the gods of those regions.


5)

—7 7 —~< ye

—}

The idea that Saulot may have met the Buddha isa little
difficult to countenance. Similar stories of him meeting Jesus
Christ and the Prophet Mohammed have as much likelihood,
but every Salubri of everyreligion is quite firm in the belief that
Saulot met that particular holy man. I suspect the legend exists
more to give credence to certain movements of a heretical bent
than as an actual record of historical accounting. If nothing
else, the timing js problematic, asis the confusion as to whether
Saulot made two or three journeys Gast. I am inclined to
believe the latter, though one could conceivably read this
account to mention only two.]

Upon Ais return, Saulot did seek to ratse up his downcast
childer, leaching them the wonders and. great thinkers he had
melon his travels. He praised huriel and the olher warriors
who maintained his childe Samiel's legacy, and he exhorted
lhe healers new strength of purpose. tle practiced new methods
of, purily and meditation thal he claimed gave lithe to his new
stale and brought him deep peace. TMany believed thal he had
been fully returned to them and they rejoiced. Bul allwas not
well. Saulol became prey lo strange visions and trances thal
Le could nol control. There were nights when he could nol be
roused af all, (from his day 's slumbers, so deep was his descent
into sleep. The wisest of his childer and several of Malkav's
brood tended him as best they could, unable to translate the
strange tongues he would muller in or explain why he would
scream or weep without waking. Over time, he learned to rein
in these dreams and visions somewhat, forcing them lo come
when he was meditating or praying. Malkav himself Ys said lo
ave found Saulot's trances disturbing, and to have turned
his face from his brother as a result.

AH came to pass a few years ofter bis return from fhe East
thal Saulot was meditating in lhe garden one nighl, and an-
other utsion came to him. Dut when it was done, he started up,
with a strange wild look in his eyes. He let oul a greal cry and
rushed away beyond the city walls, saying to all thal he had
found an answer to what he traly sought. He was gone jer a
week, and when he returned, he was weak and thin. Ht was as
though lhere was a light around him. Fle spoke in a strange
voice aboul how he had, (found thal which lhe old, sage had told
him about, and about how he finally understood. He called this
state Golconda, jor it was in thal place in India where he hat
mel lhe sage who set him on the road, and where he had, (first
faken study with the sage.

Seulot sought fo encourage his childer and brelhren to
tread the path to Golconda as well. Some followed. TMany
found the path of partly and prayers and works to be too
difficult fo slay upon, though Saulot did urge Lhem to continue
striving. Parhaps they could nol reach, for such now —many of
the warriors complained that f they fellow bis teachings, then
they would have to pul up their swords — but Saulot replied
thal f they prepared themselves now, they might reach it in
later Years, when they Lad) (fewer cares upon fhem. The healers
found. i was nol as difficull for them to reach the blessed stale as

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

a was jer other Cainites. The practices that Saulot had taught
every healer from the beginning to maintain the gifts of | ‘Lealing
served to start them all on the path.

Those who found Golconda learned thal the Hunger did.
not entirely abate, bul it did nol rage and rule (hem as before
The soul of the Cainile in Golconda was in balance, resting
between the demon and the man. Such balance granted) (peace
and, (freedom from fhe crimson rage of: hunger fo Gainitles whe
achieved if. They found) that they could learn any power they
chose without difficult , aS if they had somehow come closer ld)
lhe blood of! their forefather Gaine. And some found thal they
could bear the touch of weak. sunlight, or consume mortal, (food

for alittle while. Gt was nol a return lo mortality as many Aad
hoped, bul Saulot believed that this stale was bul Lhe nex! slep
fo such a course.

Years passed, and in thal time, the Second City fell
During this destruction, the Salubri did not suffer as mach,
loss as before. In the nights thal followed, they were able ly
travel lo new lands, seeking knowledge toadd fo heir sludieso
Goleonda and the sacred; mysteries, and, ‘healing the brokena
they had been taught. During this time, many claim thal some
went down into (he river valleys with the warriors who scoule

for the nests of the Baal:.

I know very Litlle about the why of Saulol's forpor, bal J
shall tell what was told to me by my sire. Saulo/, believing his,
childer strong and his obligations filled, chose to return to lhe
East fo finish his studies with the mystic masters who had
instructed him before. Whether they had died or they did nob
have the answers he sought ts not known. All that any in Lhe wesl
4now ts thal he returned, quiet and joyless, and sought refuge it
@ cave wherein he entered a long forpor.

Since the nights of the Second City, what is there lo say,
Lal (you Lave nol already heard? We have continued, as we were
instructed from the beginning, fo heal and bring calm to the
4orrors of the world. We have been loremasters and teacher',
doctors and seneschals, mnystics and. merrymakers. For so long,
lhe Cainites called upon us and our wisdom, our ots. For v6
long, we were treasured and loved.

Were shall we mark the end of our days? From the fire of
Rome? From the fall of. Hellas? Or, from hee lerrible night when
so many of us woke screaming from nightmares thal rode us
And all around us, the candles thal marked our passage have
been blown out one by one.

THE CHOOSING

There is little by which one might choose a likely'
Salubri healer from a congregation. Of the many whose tale
I have heard, or the few I have met, there seemed to be no'
factor that all deemed universal and necessary to a healer,

There are more than a few healers who had anything
to do with holy orders, if one must seek a trend. Som
healers were novices, not even approaching the time of
vows. An older man had been a lay deacon, choosing to


shelter among the monastics after his Embrace. Some
were laity among the orders, with no thought given to
taking full vows. Genevieve described herself as having
been a holy novice seeking direction when her sire came
to her. While many healers find themselves a link to the
holy orders in some form, owing that medicine in these
days seems linked to the monasteries and convents, they
do not always begin there.

While the healers take care not to Embrace those too
young, they have a great spread of ages among them. From
the bloom of girlhood to respectable old age, most of the
seven ages of men find expression in their ranks. There is no
preferred age of Embrace, as there is among the warriors.
While a man may not be able to lift a sword upon a certain
age, there is little to preclude him from laying hands on
another or speaking and listening. Indeed, a number of
respected healers are of middling age or elder, as it brings a
certain amount of trust and comfort to the ill that they are
in the hands of one who seems wise and experienced.

Many were deemed "good" in life, although I have
heard tell of one or two who were brought in for the express
purpose of administering a lesson. I have never met these, so
1 am not certain if the lessons adhered.

THE EMBRACE

The entire experience of the Embrace and childehood
is taken with great gravity among healers. Perhaps more so
than warriors, and certainly now, healers lay an enormous
burden upon their childer. A healer will eventually be more
than a practitioner of medicine — she will be a teacher, a
lorekeeper, a diplomat, a sage, a mender of hearts, a friend to
the friendless. If she is to carry that burden successfully, then
she must be of very sturdy character to do so. Some warriors
have remarked, somewhat glibly, that a warrior childe can
be molded after the Embrace if he is unsuitable. A healer's
childe, on the other hand, has no such luxury. Given this
situation, is itany wonder then that the healers choose their
childer with the utmost care?

In ideal times, healers take a great deal of time to
approach their would-be childer. They often meet the
mortal in a harmless guise and may become further
acquainted with him as a companion or even relative. The
sire may put the prospective childe through a series of tests
meant to judge the depth of his character and compassion.
Such acts may appear frivolous to others, but it is a matter
few healers would avoid if possible. Failure or uncertain
results can spare the healer a great deal of irritation if the
prospective novice does not measure up to standards.

Should the mortal show all the qualities that the
healer wishes for her childe — strength, courage, compas-
sion, joy, integrity, honor — then the healer approaches
her to offer the Embrace. This is often couched in eccle-
siastical terms in these days, encouraging the mortal to
consider the matter for herself in the same way that she

would consider taking holy vows. It is a committing to a
life that will be utterly strange to the one approaching it.
Rarely, except in dire circumstances, does the healer
outright reveal herself for what she is — such is often a
very quick means to the witch-fires. If the mortal refuses,
the healer does not return to the issue for a while —
perhaps months, perhaps never. Time and Fortune do
have a way of spinning the wheel at the oddest times.
Should the mortal agree, then the healer explains the
great benefit and greater cost of this life. Should the
mortal still agree, then all proceeds apace.

The healers prefer to grant the Embrace in quiet
surroundings with stores of blood laid by in prepared
vessels. Even among a clan with such a reputation for
even tempers, the first hunger does not change, and sires
seek to make the change as smooth as possible. Once the
hunger and the first sensations have passed, the sire may
now set about teaching the childe all that she will need to
survive the nights.

In the past, long childehoods were not unknown.
Indeed, they were even expected, owing to the vast quanti-
ties of knowledge to be learned, the Disciplines to be mastered
and the simple tutoring of how one should treat others, from
Cainites to animals. After a childehood of perhaps five years,
perhaps longer, the childe was released in a ceremony not
unlike an adult rite of passage.

In these nights, however, many childer are denied
the careful tutoring and slow childehoods of study that
their sires and grandsires knew. Many are not tested in the
same fashion, with their deeds and reputations being test
enough. Their Embraces are hasty, and they are taught
only rudiments for survival before they are thrust into the
world, rarely by choice. The Usurpers have come to
discover that, like infant animals, new Cainites are weak
and unsteady, and the sires are often exhausted by the
Embrace. Stories of childer who have awakened sur-
rounded by Usurpers or alone with only their sire's ashes
are becoming all too frequent.

TIME OF TESTING

Unlike the custom among the warriors, the healers
spend little time in testing their charges. One learns by
doing among the healers, and some may spend their first
nights in the Embrace practicing their new gifts beside
their sires. The act itself makes for the truest affirming of
the lessons learned.

As for the seeking of Golconda, that is a slightly
different matter. Most believe that one should be ad-
vanced at least two steps along the path before giving
one's pupil any instruction, while others insist that one
should not begin instruction of others until reaching the
verge of Golconda oneself. The general thought seems to
be that one teaches with caution and always with an eye
to one's own spirit. There is a time to ignore whispers of

CHAPTER TWO: THE TRIUMVIRATE


self-doubt, and then there is time to heed such before
granting a student too much knowledge. Genevieve said
that she had instructed several Cainites on the rudiments
of necessary behavior, to turn their thoughts and hearts
to calmer paths, but she would never presume to lead
them down a road that she herself was only now setting
her first foot upon.

The eldest healer who spoke to me implied that the
learning, and thereby the testing, have no true end. Forever
shall there be secrets to unearth and ponder, new truths to
learn and test in the fire of the world, and always shall
everything be tested by its Maker as a reaffirmation of the
faith placed within it.

THOSE WHO SERVE

These are but a few of the noteworthies of whom I was
told or whom I received in my sanctum. By the inclusion of
these here, I have been forced to exclude others. This is no
intended slight upon those others, only the effects of limited
space on the parchment. I have recorded those worthies'
tales elsewhere in the hope that I may create a second
volume, for surely there is material enough.

Genevieve du Fortin had passed her 10th year of
unlife when she came to my cavern. Though the flush of
life had passed from her cheeks with the Embrace, she was
as fair as any maid I might have known in my long-ago
youth. As circumstances had conspired to make me an old

MRS 885

man and she of holy orders upon our meeting, our business
was far less brisk than the rumors might have it. Originally
of noble birth, she had taken orders to escape a particu-
larly loathsome prospective marriage, and while yet a
novice, she experienced a vision of an elder Salubri
instructing her to take up the mantle of unlife. Despite
her youth, she has mastered many of the healing arts and
carries some recognition as a midwife. Her constant com-
panion, who assured that our business took no
improprieties, was a Scottish Gangrel named Chance,
who seemed ever solicitous for her welfare.

Rayzeel was said in many tales to have been one of
Saulot's favorite childer, and a sister to Samiel. Trained
as a healer, she was less a healer with her hands than with
her fine wit and gentle soul. In her life, she had been first
a slave in Enoch, playing upon a lyre or harp and singing
with such sweetness as to make the birds pause to listen,
lest their harsh song interrupt hers. Saulot found her
music soothing to his meditations, and when he grieved
for Samiel and the lost warriors, only she seemed able to
rouse him. Some have suggested that the relations be-
tween Saulot and Rayzeel were less than that of a sire and
childe and more akin to that of lovers. The extant frag-
ments of one of her songs, called "No Light But Thine"
suggested that they were of exceptional closeness, but
there is no actual evidence of any impropriety. Does not
the Song of Solomon speak similarly? None know of


Rayzeel's fate — indeed, she seemed to withdraw from the
world upon the beginning of Saulot's torpor, and there
are few mentions of her. Many believed that she might
have gone to death after her sire's Amaranth, but others
point to new songs afoot in the world that seem to bear
her mark upon them.

Matthias, a healer of holy orders from England, is said
to have met Yael when she came to his monastery in
search of healing after a battle with a Baali of age and
power. A natural affinity sprang up between them, and he
took up her work of crusading against the infernal.
Matthias rarely chose to travel openly with Yael, working
instead to unearth her prey within the Church or to
search out earthly treasures and give Yael aid when she
required it. Their treatises on the infernal, excerpted
elsewhere in this text, are considered by many to be the
standard work upon the subject. And none would gainsay
it. Described as a man in his elder years, brisk, kindly and
well-schooled in both the ways of the world and of the
Church, Matthias was believed to be well along the path
of Golconda. Many revered him for it.

[Lhad believed that Matthias still lived, buta Madman
came bearing a terrible tale that claimed Matthias had
been slaughtered by Usurpers who sought to lure Yael to
destruction. he told of Matthias' great agonies and the
cruelties of the Usurpers, and how, at the very last, Matthias'
third eye opened, shedding beautiful light, and how the man

himself seemed to see something that brought him joy in the
midst of his torture. What Matthias saw the Madman
forbears to speak of, claiming that only Yael is privileged to
know such.]

THe HERETICS

The name seems a strange one, I realize, but it came
upon the suggestion of Marius, who first brought this matter
to my attention.

In the years surrounding Christ's life, paying particu-
lar note to those after his crucifixion, there were a great
many would-be prophets who attempted to seize the
mantle of Christ for themselves. Some claimed they were
Christ resurrected, while others said that they were the
intended Messiah foretold in prophecy. While many of
these were simply deluded hopefuls or lunatics, a signifi-
cant portion were frauds and cozeners who misled simple
people who hungered for hope and spiritual healing. Such
movements often irritated provincial governments, who
called for purges when the followers of a particular mad-
man grew too numerous, or when his rantings advised the
overthrow of the government.

It is worth noting that more than a few of these
quacks had miraculous cures and healing attributed to
them. Marius, who witnessed a number of these cozeners
at work, insisted that several bore abilities that only
Saulot's healers should know. In particular, he noted

Amphiloctes, a man who claimed to be a Roman slave
who had converted his master by his miraculous visions of
Christ. Not only had Amphiloctes demonstrated certain
abilities that should have been known only to masters of
Valeren's arts, but he also demonstrated remarkable skills
that seemed to mimic the effects of Auspex and Fortitude.
Crowning his monumental hubris was the settlement he
had established outside of Acre, a half-witted second trial
of then newly fallen Carthage. I have been led to under-
stand that the settlement has been destroyed by one of the
innumerable factions who have passed through.

By way of commentary, | add this: There will always
be those that believe their gifts set them apart from the
ruck and run of their fellows, whether they are human or
Cainite. Of these, there will be those who believe that
such entitles them to use these gifts selfishly or for per-
sonal betterment. The Salubri, no matter how disciplined
their Embraces and childehoods, are no less vulnerable to
such temptations. It is a sad thing that strips away some-
thing of the beatific legend that they have shrouded
themselves in.

THE CROSSROADS

Healers in this day find themselves caught by a paradox
as frustrating as Zeno's. While it is their mandate to care for
the sick in mind and body, to soothe injured souls and to
guide the lost who seek a path to follow, this work often
makes them easy to lure and trap. Tales of healers duped by
Tremere using the sick or lost as bait for traps, or of would-
be teachers betrayed by students who were in turn betrayed
by the Church and their agents, are written on every wall
from Hibernia to the Holy Land. So many cries for help rise
up, but how many are snares for the gullible, and how many
are souls truly in need? Does one risk one's unlife to do what
is bidden of every healer, or does one choose to ignore the
cries of the suffering and hope to avoid the trap that will
inevitably be waiting, sooner or later? This dilemma is one
every healer faces.

Unlike their warrior brethren, healers must continually
depend on the assistance of others to survive the nights. As
such, they seek shelter among mortals, in solitary cottages,
oramong their Cainite brethren, in exchange for healing or
service in an advisory capacity. Yet, the last option has
become too untrustworthy, as many Cainites fall prey to
blackmail, the powers of the mind or lies. Those who turn to
the Church for aid may find Magisters all too willing to
barter with Usurpers.

Of all of Saulot's childer who wander in these nights,
it is the healers whose future is most uncertain. The gifts
that once marked them as rare and remarkable in this
world are now considered the gifts of Hell itself. Their
third eyes are called devil's marks, and they are so hounded
that they cannot conceive of banding together, lest they
be destroyed en masse. It is my great hope that either times

CHAPTER TWO: THE TRIUMVIRATE


3) >

of

\

shall become more hospitable for them, or that those who
have fallen shall reach what they sought through their
unlives — for as things stand, this earth offers little to
Saulot's kindest childer.

THE BOKE OF THE
‘WATCHER

What follows here is largely conjecture, and one that
my more reliable sources had little to add to. Scatha-
Columbkille spat and made a sign against the evil eye
when | mentioned it to her, while Nuriel seemed to find
the idea too absurd. A healer whose name | have been
sworn not to reveal was greatly troubled at my suggestion,
while another hinted that she had heard tales of such but
refused to speak more. Genevieve told me that I should do
well to refuse any such person entrance to my house if I
held her clan in as high esteem as I claimed to.

This situation has left me with something of a quandary.
Do I spread falsehood that might well endanger others of
better repute, for the tale makes for fine telling? Or do I
refrain and endanger those who might most need such
knowledge to make their journeys safely? In the end, it adds
up to this: All history began as a tale in the telling, and all
history that comes thereafter is someone's story.

Thus it begins.

My speaker identified herself only as "Pazia" and said
that if 1 wished to partake of her knowledge, I must tran-
scribe it directly from her own lips. [herewith obey, although
I will pause the narrative to interject my own commentary.

"I was Embraced during the reign of Empress Theodosia
by Wenceslaus, a Salubri who had traveled from the eastern
reaches near what is now Vienna. He trained me for the path
of the healer, and I placed my talents in the service of my
empress and her favorites. I continued to serve within the
empire of Byzantium until the Great Event."

[Note: Pazia never referred directly to Saulot's diablerie,
and she found it to be a grave insult when I did so. She does not
deny the reality of the event — she simply saw no reason to
refer to it. I have understood that others like her have spoken
of the event in similar terms, calling, it the Great Cataclysm,
the First Night or the Wicked Day.]

"We were made mad with grief, my siblings and I.
How shall one describe that which was done to her, that
which was done to all of us? Our father was slain, and at
the hand of creatures who thought to seize what was not
theirs. How we did mourn and lament for the days when
the ancient goddesses, the Furies, hounded for those who
slew kin, and our tears should have brought up those
sleeping spirits from whatever tomb they nested in. Our
sisters were like children, frightened and without guid-

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

ance, fearing themselves to be slaughtered next, but
would not run. Our father had told us that we must)
strike at those who hewed us. Our brothers stoi
sword in hand, needing to be told which shadow tosw
at, for Samiel's words had not spoken of the time when!
clan would face such treachery at the hands of mons
claiming purity.

"Tf only we had but seen the swing of the sword when
sisters were first cut down! Alas for thee, sweet ones, yours
throats cleaved by the Usurpers! And still our brotherscai
not strike, hesitating when our enemies were weak. Ai
the slaughter, the lies, the curses went on. We who hadon
been as pearls to the Cainite kings — prized and treasured
were now cast away on the word of bastard wizards. It wi
and continues to be, a horrible time.

"It came to pass that several of our number arrivedii
the city of Damascus seeking safety, as I had with my ov
sire, and there was much discussion made about the horro
that beset us in the world beyond. Did not Saulot's word
tous claim that we should not return enmity for enmity, bi
never did he demand that we bare our throats for th
tyrants at our doors. It remained then that we must cho
to stand or die, lest all our kind be left to burn in the
without a thought from any other of Caine's childer.

"Our sisters, the healers, have fallen greatly in thes
days, but we must not mourn them overmuch. Did noto}
father say that there should be lambs to the slaughter, andi
that those who fell should be as lambs? Therefore, we will
weep for them, as our father might wish, but there is
nothing else to be done.

"Our brothers, the warriors, stand amazed and swing
at shadows, wishing vengeance but uncertain of theit
target. It must be to us to guide their sword-arms, to tutti
their hands upon the proper objects of wrath. Have not
other siblings done the same for their poor confused
brothers, lest the swords be turned in the wrong direction
and their strength wasted?"

[Note: Pazia referred to the healers exclusively as "sisters"
and using, feminine genders, while the warriors all became
"brothers." I am less certain if this was merely a manner of
speaking than a veiled reference to other things. Likewise, she |
spoke dismissively of the healers, but she had a strange fire
regarding her "brothers" — the warriors that I found verging,
uncomfortably close to carnal.]

Not long after Pazia departed, a letter was delivered to
the island. I found the contents disturbing enough to merit
consideration and inclusion in this text (The neglect of any
mention of the healers in this missive requires that I draw
unpleasant conclusions regarding them and their relations
to these self-styled watchers.):


To Master Simon

Good sir, it would seem that I have misspoken
myself upon the mission of which the watchers are
charged. This was not my intent, but my ignorance. As
you often speak to my brethren, I would leave this
missive in your hands to deliver unto them.

In watching the door of Ceoris, we have learned a
strange and mighty secret regarding our father."What
arrogant Wizard so new to the blood could imagine
that he might 50 easily drink the soul of one who has

seen empires rise and the history of the world writ by

his own finger? Truly, hubris és the meat and milk of
the "Usurper and all his seed shall suffer thereafter!
My heart rejoices with the very thought of it. of
Tremere's hand smiting his childer with his prive!

My brothers, stand ready. for your sword-arms
shall be needed in the days to come. "With each unlife
taken, you exalt our father and avenge his murver. Be
you like the Furies upon the backs of his slayers and
be ever ready, for soon shall Ceoris gates fly open and
shall all things stand revealed.

Tam. in all things. your sister. Trust and believe me.



SHiscellanen ef
Demonica

REGARDING THE THIRD EYE

The theories surrounding the develop-
ment of the thicd eye in nevoly Embeaced
Satubei and its uses have been put forth
since Sardot fiest vetucned from the Cast
bearing his strange deformity Since 3 began
this cecor® 3 have asked the question of
every Salubri vwoho has come fo my cave,
and d have received a different answer voith

each arrival.


\

By and large, the most popular theory seems to center on
the idea that the eye is centered around the Discipline of
Valeren, a theory I am inclined to support to a certain extent.
Warriors and healers alike bear the eye, while I have spied the
eye but rarely on the few so-called "watchers" whom I have
seen.. Both warriors and healers practice Valeren in some

- form, while the watchers have the knowledge of it but make

little use of that which they know. All agree that the eye
appears after one has progressed beyond the most basic
abilities of Valeren, not before, and this would tend to lend
credence to any theory linking the two. In addition, many
uses of Valeren often culminate in or include the eye's
opening and the shedding of light therefrom. I have even
seen a warrior use a particular power that caused his eye to
glowa wrathful red that awoke terror in me. By contrast, I saw
an elderly healer's creation of a barrier to guard his charges
and how his eye shed a soft golden light as he did so.

However, the nagging question remains to be answered.
How came this eye as a mark of the bloodline? There were
healing abilities among the Salubri long before Saulot's
journey to and return from the East, and the abilities of the
warriors were created by Samiel and his brood by their own
will, not by any intervention of the clan's founder.

Some believe that there are powers (if not here, then in
the East), which made more prodigious use of the third eye.
There are rumors that masters of such powers can see into the
spirit world, or gaze upon the naked souls of men and Cainite
alike. Most of those whom I have inquired concerning such
things are all in agreement that if such powers ever existed,
they are beyond the reach of any Salubri now walking under
Heaven, and that the elders who would know of such are no
doubt returned to ash. There is indeed something very unset-
tling about the gaze of the third eye, something which bespeaks
the other world, and I could understand how some might fear
it as a gate out of which some unnatural thing might peer. On
the other hand, a visitor to my house once soothed a frightful
nightmare of mine by requesting that I look into his third eye,
and what met my gaze was a thing of peace and gentleness.

An elder warrior traveling with two young ones told me a
tale that his grandsire had passed to him, that the eye was a mark
upon Saulot for deeds done in the East. He said that he had heard
from wandering folk and others who had gone to the lands
beyond the Holy Land that a third eye in the forehead was often
seen upon some gods in those lands as a mark of greatness. It is
an interesting tale, to be sure, but that tale speaks nothing about
the deeds with which Saulot was gifted. Furthermore, as noble
as Saulot may have been, I find it hard to countenance that he
was granted divinity or any semblance thereof.

As it stands, I must apologize for taxing the reader's
patience. I can say only that it seems like it is the use of
Valeren that opens the third eye, and that the ultimate
purpose of such an appendage is no longer within the grasp of
Saulot's childer. It would seem that those who could best tell
me what I wish to know are beyond my reach.

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

RELATIONS WITH
OTHERS

While most Salubri may have enjoyed prosperous
tions with the other clans in the past, current events havi
to an overall auditing of the books, as it were. Those wh
once been friends are often now enemies, circumst
make strange bedfellows, and often the most loyal frient
seen in a more dubious light than he might have beet
previously. In short, the Salubri no longer know who th
friends are, or who their enemies might be. Those who tt
past alliances too well find themselves betrayed, but th
who make a clean break from history are friendless. Fort
enemies have made common cause against the Usurpers,4
the world has generally turned itself upside down.

Note also that views differ widely among the variol
factions. Most warriors believe the worst about their fellas
Cainites as a matter of survival, while the few remainif
Healers struggle to maintain their own, somewhat mom
optimistic beliefs. As for the watchers, they keep their ow
counsel, as always.

Below are transcribed the views of one member of eat
of the major castes of Salubri on the world around them. |
should come as no surprise that they disagree.

Here, then, are the words of Scatha-Columbkille the
warrior and Gennadios the healer, who have both honored
me with their presence and wisdom.

AsSAMITES
As many Salubri have-teason.to travel into the Middle
East, whether gn the ail f CTrusadel g penal i yisiting certain

shrines, it is(neVitable that ey encou! inses the Assamites, |
When hb Ho! )Land e; an afew Salubri/
ie Gesell €rusai

i =

Maly iba without

that I-hqué learned

bob chery: If my foes n might find

forgiveness 16 offen n I re nee any ee as penance.

However, I fear havagD ‘the Asfsge Pe CF rales can ever
be found for our kind. © =


BrusAH

The Brujah and Salubsi have maintained good relations
since the days of Enoch, and.they still continue friendly ties.
According to legend, Samielstudied under Brujah warriors,
while Salubri healers\ventured onto the battlefield to aid
fallen Brujah in battles-agairis¢the Baali.Porthe old warrior-
poets, the Salubri sefvedavital purposeamong the Cainites,
and for the Tremere to atrogantly stride in on their fallen
bodies is considered a gtosstmsult by elder Brujah. On
occasion, Salubrilhaye sheltéred inrelders' sphaeristeri among
the students. There, they are tréated"as- honored guests and
often dubbed "Samié!" to protect theiridentities.

Unfortunately, jtist asthe Salubri's fortunes are falling,
so fall the Brujah's*with them. The Salubri are becoming
legendry to many ancillae and neonates, whe have never seen
one of the Shepherds in the flesh. Talés'told of Samiel and his
childer now have as much substance as/Childe Roland or
King Arthur? For \their part) Salubri aré finding that the
average Brujah*neonate bears little (if any) resemblance to
his sire in tefperament.or'demeanor, leaving them non-
plused as to how best to deal with this angty,ill*educated thug
who claims the thantle of Philosopher-King.

Scatha¢Columbkille: Some of us have sought safety among
the gangs of nednate-bandits, an uneasycombination when our
youngsters show less/discretion thanthey might otherwise. Wiser
heads often conceal ‘their third eyestand.Discipline, passing them-
selves off as BrujahDwas fortinate-enough, to find safety in the
training halls of an elder; passing for a student; although I should be
hard-pressed to determine who was student and who was master.

Gennadios: Wherever there are wounded, we cannot resist
being drawn to them, which means we meet a great many of the
Brujah. Our gifts make us useful, but every healer fears the day
when she outlives her usefulness.

CAPPADOCIANS

Salubri find the Graverobbéts_to-be both welcome col-
leagues and repulsive opposites./On one hand, knowledge of
death isa necessary thing in the study of the body and healing,
but digging up corpses and watching'a body decay — surely
there are m6re productive things one Can do, even with
eternity.

Likewise,/many Salubfi'are Uneasy-with the dealings of
the Cappadogians. Thesé scholars have'traded'with any and
all for their information; including the Usurpérs on occasion.
Who knows ifta,Cappadocian scholar, to-obtain a text he
needs, will bartet- the location-of.a fellow.scholar in exchange.

Scatha-ColumbkillesI find the Cappadocians repugnant
and would rather avoidthem when possible. One mist be desperate
indeed to accept.shelter with them}.although afew have done so in
order to study the Lamia. Othertuise, they are bestleft to their own
devices.

Gennadios:, We approach the Cappadocians with caution
and with great infréquency. While their: knowledge is useful, their
embrace ofidéath Make' us uneasy, particularly when we come
across thosewhd-know,/that Valeren can-harm as well as heal.
Given any choice, 1 think mostofmy line would rather chance the
open road than the cold*hospitality of the-Gappadocians.


FOLLOWERS OF SET
The ae open.trucking with an entity that most

apparently Ase jess: On occasion THEN fpRosches
a Salubrif élai 9 to,bé fleeing-his Fellow cause-he seeks
to reform Uni fortunately, while the game is an oldone, there
is always. cliance that an innocent may yet' be ‘ehsnared.
More oftéx than not, the ‘true infent of the\ "teformer" is
simply to entice the Salubri into a spot where he will be more
pliable — and vulnerable.

Scatha-Columbkille} If it looks like a snake, hisses like a
snake, lies like a snake and crawls like/a snake, then you don't
reach down to pet its head. If you find a serpent in your garden,
you kill it. I subscribe to a similar theorl regarding the Setites.

Gennadios: | endured /a ‘nightmarish voyage via Setite-
arranged passage to reach Algiers, and I narrowly avoided being
sold into.slavery. and-then. iovthe Trémere.upon my arrival. It's a
mistake ‘that T'was-fortunate? grote 2 urvive, praise God, and
by that, I shatnob give them-anbther-chance army hide.

GANGREL

For a long while, I believed that these two clans had very
little to do with each other, despite what should have been
ancestral friendships from Samiél's "days as Gangrel's pupil.
Certainly there was no merition among the visitors to my
house. Then, a single Gangrel artiyedfrom Germany to speak
of a healer who had died while protecting a ee neonate
from Usurper hands seekingan"expetimental s " We
talked for awhile on the subject of Saulot' 's chitder a that
seemed to-bevalt: But' Shortly thereafter came' ‘several Gangrel
of allvages, from many: "bldadlinés —— from Germany, from
Ireland, from Tuscany, even. from cheswild) ‘countriess Of)the
Notsemen Ssand alf'to'speak on thésanie subjectyAs ift my first
visitor tad detefmined the intent of my'study))For whatéver
wardayou spoke toyour kin, Klaus of Badenburgyt thank thee.

"Seatha-Columbkille: Theirsis the rough friéndship of warriors
and raggedmen and Moment Santiel leamed at Gangrel's side}-and
forthatalone ‘respect Gangrel's childer. I would have thaenighcome
again, but the Gangrelnow believe us weak for dllowwirig the Usurpers
to root ws out. Indeed )I.hatve quétrveled with sé ral over the' matter,
but thei Perspectiveen-the hatter is, of necessity, limited.

Gennadios: How I envy their independence! They can be
alone for weeks and not miss companionship of mortal or Cainite.
Such strong folk who have been in the wandering way for so long
— would that they might teach me the same!

LASOMBRA

Of the tales and guests I have received on Malta in regard
to the Salubri, almost none came from Lasombra hands. I
understand that several Magisters have benefited greatly
from the Salubri purges, and most Salubri who spoke with me
had very little good to say regarding the shadowy ones.

CLANBOOK: SHLUBRI

Scatha-Columbkille: They, are as_untrustworthy as
shadows they commandy'The factthat they Rave so many fil
on so many outlets of escape' ‘makes Owr existence that muchi
difficult. They see"us\as tools to'be used, and) they believe that
situation makes us desperate enough to. swallow their honeyedl
Desperate, yes. Foolish; no.

Gennadios: I have meta rare féw\who watched over th
abbeys with admirable skill and care, providing us shelter in then
of the God we both adored, Too often, though, I have met thosed
were too interested in my ‘potential e to think of anything else
they continue to use and discard people:in such cavalier fashion, li
long, I wonder, before‘they' haveyno allies left at all?

MaALKAVIANS

_ From time immemorial, heb 1 two clans have been intet

have fai ac His wro) |
sudden lucidity. For the Sahubrt's yart, many of the youth know
little of their clans' shared past and hold the Madmen at arm

repay such dss as as they might.
Scatha-Columbkille: We know "a of old, as they know

may, ED encilenly that
by extension, me.
Gennadios: Saulot ‘Charged. us, ith a care for Malkav's
children, and so we obey the words! our ‘father. As Malkav tended
our father, we tend Malkav's childer. So do we pay our debts.

NNosFERATU

The Salubri have a history with the Nosferatu almost
as long as their association with the Malkavians. As many |
Nosferatu have sought shelter inthe arms of religion, they |
often encounter warriors, born ‘of Crusade and healers of |
holy orders. When the Tremere hunts began, some Salubri
feared that the Nosferatu' Ou take full advantage of an
opportunity not to be-the:ones\mbst spat upon. Instead,
Nosferatu sympathy for théir plight has helped preserve
the clan. Many. Salubri have' profited from Leper gossip,
been warned ‘of coming hunts oneven, been, ‘sais by
helpful Leper.

ScathasColumbkille: The pers" Dn of ais is not one
that I understand, bit | am thankful for it allthé same. They take
pleasure in thwarting the 2 plans, of the arrogant and spiteful, and the
Usurpers rank among: thom. Even if we did norttust the Lepers from
what has gone before, they would still shield dus to harm our enemies.


Gennadios: Such pure faith in such tainted shells! It makes
me weep to think of it. Would that Saulot's gifts would let me heal
the Lepers of their curse, as Christ healed the leper in Jerusalem!

RAVNOos

Salubri have encountered the Ravnos more by traveling
eastward into Persi: and {iia ran by chance encounters on
the roads of Europ » Neither clarseems able to quite figure
the other one out, ahd eyery, attempt to forge more perma-
nent relations berwveeh theft hasended i in misunderstandings
and perceived insult
created between single in iduals. Some Ravnos believe
that the hunt, fox the Salubri tasks oné, against the Ravnos,
and as such, ae willing t6 help thefugitive Cainites. Others
see the Salubri\ ‘As stalking horses ‘anc, thug-shun them.

Scatha-Columbkille: They tale toy much pride in being the
clever little-t¥i¢ksters to think about anything beyond their own
causes, and ui ane other than theinsel —Teanethink of few
greater fr fon than trying to.have an extended conversation
with one of them'They are useless, | thélot. of them.

Gennadios:: t have noticed, hahwever, that for all their tricks
and japes, they 40i 1 assist you, at "thes strangest moments in
repayment of something you did fot. ‘one Ofttheir relatives months
or even years earlier. On the other haind, the rest of the time they
can be painful and perilous to ‘deal with. I avoid them, as much to
spare myself confusion as anything else.

TOREADOR
If there's one clan that tries the patience of even the most
einer healer, itis the vena The Artisans' lack of care for
Lwith frustra-
terest in the
and:the Salubit tarely come to
; t Those Warriors familiar
with the raindrs-6f Aueassin' scbff-at the notion of Samiel
refusing to s E ‘ane of the: Rosé, pointing out that
every tale of the erieouinter ‘(including those told among the
Toreador thembelves) speaks of Dcetey alee tian sterling
performance at the time. 5 f
Scatha-Galymbkille: One; NT ordacdie Badbaster perfor-
mance before our'thaster, st ies all believe themselves slighted.
They are fools.
heed as we intervene

with their mortal pets, ae worlds: ome consideration. | would
hope, I might add, but I know bett

‘TREMERE

Ina rare agreement ‘of purpose, warrior and healer stand
firmly united against the Tremere:/The Tremere's gross
violation of Saulot wascrime enough, but compounding their
wickedness with a setiesof pogroms has ihe them beyond
any hope of mending fénces.

Scatha-Columbkille: Pwillnot counbit such a bad thing to
die again if it means I take ever One. of those bastards with me.

Gennadios: Utterly selfish, utterly prideful, completely with-
out conscience. Do not ask me to have the slightest crumb of pity
for them when their doom inevitably reaches out for them. I hope
that Tremere chokes on Saulot's soul!

T ZIMISCE

The Tzimisce and Salubri have maintained a strange,
curious friendship since the early days when nota few Salubri
studied the body under Tzimisce, Autelage. Warriors have
honed their knowledge of Valerefit throughyunderstanding of
Tzimisce torture, while ual interest inthe physical body
allowed the Healers f ‘std on varigns [Tzimisce.. .subjects.
When the Tiemere\furnéd' their fury on the Salubri, the
Tzimisce customs of hospi ved the Salubfi well; so did
the Fiends' hatred of the Ustirpe /Ehe clans share common
cause agaifisty the Tremere; although ‘with, vastly. different
ideas about how to (take' ‘care ofthe. pr iblem. Ruhors of a
much deeper' Allianee bebween the two clans sireulate, but
such rumorshave Cireulated since {ception'of the war-
riors. Most. now dismiss‘them as, meres talk.) "9

pkille: Ihave eatited- a great eal by my
host' srefforts,and his' vow to Keep faith) withthe hospitality he
offered has ‘saved my life: when the Tremere have come'calling. I
hope thapwe Shall be at each other's sides ‘aohen, thee Gomes, for
I can give ho higher, praise thanythat.\, |) \\ >

Gennadios: Mya time among the Tizimisce is been... Anfor-
mative, \if not entirely comfortable.) We disagree on many'things,
suchas the value of mortal life and the: 1ses of torture, but I suspect
my hostess welcomed our nightly: debates. If could have closed my
ears to the sounds in her cellars, T'should have been perfectly
comfortable.

‘VENTRUE

Most Salubri agree that the Ventrue speak well of nobil-
ity and honor, and 4 few* follow through. Many
Ventrue lords sheltered Sali eir halls and turned away
insolentT Tremerew oMemandedand blustered. But many of
the, ost would tell night when thes Ventrue) began to

i 1S lies that' branded | Salubss as

/Seathd- Colette: es pity ae 50) meény see.
anid honor as yiere ‘trappings of office, not as their met
Honor not put aside at the end of the day. like a staine

{ the|hiirshire'thatnettles the conscience avy hight bee né

indignity of eae me out, and I pee out of his lands crouched
under a wagon-load of hay...


: S
— OX

Baa

Salubri, no matter what their lineage or occupation,
agree on a single point — the Baali are demons. Most were
brought up on tales of the Baali Wars of the ancient past. The
warriors in particular have been instilled with righteous fury
against them from the start. Those elders who have thought
to misuse the tales of the Baali's origins against the Salubri,
especially the warriors, often meet with strange accidents.

Scatha-Columbkille: Kill them on sight, without mercy or
hesitation. This is our task and our charge from Samiel himself.
Spit them as if each were a poisonous toad.

Gennadios: If you have the means to confront them, do so. If
you have not, find others who can. Above all, do not let them
continue their work unchecked. And when the fight is over, do
whatever is in your power to rescue those souls who can still be saved.

‘WEREWOLVES

Healers find werewolves a puzzle. They can understand
the Lupines' affection for the fields and woods, but they are
not the lands vast enough that all may live in their shelter? As
Salubri must often travel the woods and wastes, they often
come into conflict with the Garou. Warriors learn soon
enough to travel with silver. The healers have found
Shepherd's Watch to be invaluable as well, although some
whisper that one's safest passage comes through healing
injured animals and not drinking from them when possible.

ge OE a

ZTE 2

Scatha-Columbkille: We have enough to worry about with
our own attacking us, and now these creatures wish to help! I have
been told that they have some intellect, but I have yet to see itin any
of the monsters I encounter.

Gennadios: I encountered one of their number in Greece, a
woman who called herself a child of the great earth mother that the
Greeks had worshipped long ago. We sheltered together for awhile,
but it could not last. Their theology is complex and beautiful, their
gifts of healing remarkable, and we spoke a great deal about
mortals. I should give much to return to those nights.

Maci

Only theurgy or country superstition is considered to be
any form of acceptable magic to the Salubri. From the ranks
of the proud magi strode the Tremere — why should anyone
give any magus even the benefit of the doubt?

Scatha-Columbkille: They spawned the Tremere. Will
others seek the same sort of immortality at our expense? Do not give
them the chance.

Gennadios: Of those I have met, those who are schooled in
theurgy are remarkable for their faith and scholarship. Unfortunately,
they are too eager to practice it on any within reach. I could never
trust any of them, even those who profess to hate the Tremere as
much as we do.


‘WRAITHS

Salubri seem horrified at the mere mention of the Restless
Dead in these nights. Some see talk of them as bringing bad
luck or the sight of one to be a premonition of death. The fact
that some Salubri have encountered the souls of former com-
panions has only increased this fear. In days past, Salubri who
could speak with or hear the dead were considered extremely
valuable, both by wraiths needing assistance and by the vam-
piresand mortals plagued with them. Such gifted ones, however,
were often feared as much as they were valued.

Scatha-Columbkille: The only ghost I wish to see is the
ghost of a Tremere, shaking his fist in impotent rage. The rest are
but phantoms.

Gennadios: Each ghost we see is some healer's failure. Pity
them, and pity those they left behind.

FAE

For some reason, the Fair Folk avoid the Salubri, perhaps
finding their deep-seated faith and often overly religious
backgrounds to be anathema. Such avoidance saddens many
Salubri, who find the presence of the Fae to be a wondrous
cure for the sadness that often overcomes them.

Scatha-Columbkille: | recall a time when I encountered a
mighty creature while traversing a forest. He called himself a troll
and challenged me for the right to ford a river. I admired his nobility
and I left him alive enough to profit from his lesson.

Gennadios: It was Midsummer Night, the moon was full,
and I had to travel on the open road. They were in a grove, dancing

for the holiday, and my heart nearly broke to see such beauty and
joy. For amoment, my heart was light again. Then I was noticed,
and they, perhaps thinking my robe was a holy habit, thought to
play me some of the worst mischief they could. When things grew
too dangerous, I was forced to call on my own powers to shield
myself, which drove them off.

RELATIONS WITH Morrats

Salubri work hard to maintain themselves so that they
might continue to shelter and socialize with mortals. Whether
as a dependable night watchman, a demure nun ora clever sage,
the Salubri struggle to keep their ties with those who bore them.
However, do not think that the Salubri choose to fraternize with
mortals out of anything so transient as nostalgia or longing.

Firstly, the security of hiding among the herd cannot be
dismissed. When one has a number of mortal neighbors,
parishioners, customers or the like who have an interest in
seeing one continue, they tend to alert one to potential
threats or inordinate interest. I have heard of one lay brother
Salubri whose neighbors told him of the strange figure seen
lurking around his cottage one day. The spy was in fact a
ghoul from a chantry a week's journey away, and the neighbors
took umbrage at some padfoot spy sneaking through their
lands. When the ghoul attempted a second scouting of the
area, he was greeted by a number of neighbors, who raised the

hue and cry after him. This promptly brought the sheriff, who
clapped the fellow in irons. The incident prompted the
brother to move on to safety — an opportunity he might not
have had otherwise.

Well-inclined neighbors can also be of great assistance to
help with the other worries. After all, when a healer has been
up to all hours of the night tending to a fevered child, few are
likely to begrudge him daylight sleeping hours. Also, when.
someone cannot afford pay in coin for services done, how very
easy to request that a roof be thatched or daylight business be
tended in exchange. In this way do the Salubri foster relations
with their neighbors, ensuring their own survival while con-
tributing to that of the community around them.

ON GHOULS

Ihave not heard from any Salubri visiting, nor from other
tale-bearers, if the Salubri create ghouls. I suspect that the
matter boils down to, in the Salubri mind, one eitheris Cainite
or one is not, and there is no such thing as a compromise
between the two. Many Salubri find the vampiric state itself to
be a necessary evil. By extension, those who straddle the fence,
then, are willingly polluting themselves, and such self-inflicted
damnation is anathema to Saulot's childer.

ON LONELINESS

Each Salubri has an enemy far deadlier than any ghoul or
mortal, a nemesis more potent than any infernalists or Usurpers
could ever be. It is a foe greater than any who stalk the earth
by virtue of its insidiousness and stealth, and more vicious
than any rival for the toll that it takes from those it preys
upon. That enemy is loneliness.

I am certain that the reader pauses here to sneer — what
cost loneliness when compared to one's eternal life? If one is too
tender to endure such, then one is unsuitable for the Embrace,
and had best ease his own pain by facing the sunrise. Do the
Gangrel complain of such? Does a warrior in the middle of
Crusade pause for such mild thoughts regarding friendship and,
if the word dare be spoken by one of our kind, love?

I would remind the reader that the Cainites of every clan
have, should they choose it, companionship of their siblings
in the blood. Every other Cainite has the choice to seek out
company; if he chooses not to, upon his own head be it. The
hunted have no such choices. They face each night with
uncertainty — will this be the night that they are run to
ground, that they are betrayed, that they fall to their own
rage? They may be forced to depart at a moment's notice
without so much as a word to anyone around them, leaving
friends and lovers in the agony of uncertainty. The Usurpers
have shown very little compunction regarding the misuse of
companions if doing so gets them their prize (as | am certain
both Gangrel and Tzimisce might remind us). Couple their
foul intents with their fouler methods, and the reader should
do well to consider if he would subject a companion to such
risks.


S\e

a

SJ

I have seen several methods by which Saulot's childer
attempt to maintain some contact with each other, to learn of
childer made or sires destroyed, or to share news of changes to
each Shepherd's circumstances. One such involves scribblings
found on walls, doorposts, caverns and the like, done in a welter
of languages long dead or never before seen in these lands. I have
seen some of these characters, and they bear no resemblance to
any writing I have ever seen, save perhaps a scroll that had been
carried back from the lands across the Indus by one of Alexander's
officers. Another means is a slightly more permanent one: a
variety of carvings such as were seen down in the catacombs
beneath Rome during the days of persecutions. Such messages are
written in pictograms, which even the unlettered may read and
understand. Others, such as traveling buskers or Moors or Jews,
may find themselves keeping messages or learning certain phrases
that sound innocuous to other ears, but which convey strange
and deeper meaning to those who know what to listen for.

What happens to a Salubri who cannot find such mes-
sages, or who is lost beyond the finding of her fellows? None
seem to know, or if they do, they are reluctant to share what
they have learned. Many suspect that these lost ones seek
torpor in quiet places, while others fear that they take their
lives in some terrible fashion or go insane. By this, it is hard
to say which decimates the clan more — the Usurpers' direct
hand, or the more unaware and indirect touch.

ON FEEDING

It has been said that Caine, in his sorrow, saw Saulot as
a second Abel, that in his childe he saw a chance to make
right that which he had set wrong before the altar of the Lord.
Saulot, like Abel, was a shepherd, and he tended his flocks
gently. In turn, Saulot taught his childer to tend their human
flocks with a light and loving hand as well, and for this reason
he was much loved in Enoch.

It seems strange that the healers among the Salubri must
still sup upon blood, and that it takes life to sustain their gifts
for preserving life. Feeding is a matter that many of my guests
were loath to discuss with me, for any knowledge of how they
seek sustenance is a weapon in the hands of their enemies.
Still, Scatha-Columbkille told me enough.

It seems that Saulot forbade his childer from feeding
upon any who feared them. This may be a legacy of his days
at Caine's side, or one of his teachings of Golconda, but the
commandment has the force of law among Saulot's brood.
Thus, the healers have a natural incentive to foster good
relations with the mortals around them. The kine who dwell
neara Unicorn must not fear the Cainite in their midst, or the
Cainite must move along with due haste. I suspect the
Usurpers have already learned of this matter, and it is for this
reason that they work so hard to spread tales from the pulpit
that Saulot's childer have the taint of Hell upon them. If the
simple country folk lose their trust of the healers in their
midst, where shall those Salubri turn for sustenance?

CLANBOOK: SHLUBRI

Warriors of the clan are a bit more legalistic in their
approach to this commandment of their grandsire's. Those
whom I have spoken to note that hatred and rage are not fear,
and thus the warriors feel no qualms about slaking their thirst
on their foes in battle. Some even go so far as to drink the
blood of those who hunt them, claiming that were those they
killed righteous, then they would have no fear at the notion
of death and Judgment. Healers call such arguments soph-
istry, and thus once again the depth of the rift between the
two castes is revealed.

ON THE Kiss

As I have met and spoken with Saulot's childer, and have
met and spoken with others regarding them, I have come to
learn something of their choices for the Embrace. It seems that
Saulot was like unto Caine in this matter, laying down restric-
tions on those whom his childer might bring into the fold, and
punishing those who disobeyed.

Ofall the Salubri that I have encountered, I have yet tosee
or even hear of a child receiving the Embrace. This might be
considered the first commandment of the Embrace, as near as
I can determine. The warriors claim this is because a child, no
matter how strong or well-trained, is still a child in size. In these
times, creating a childe who cannot defend himself on the field
of battle is foolish and wasteful. Healers have said that Saulot
found such Embraces to be abominations, and he punished
those who transgressed thus with death. They also say that an
Embraced child might look and speak as a child, but that the
Cainite's spirit and speech soon come to be those of an adult.
To have the soul of an old man in the body of an infant, they
say, is a crime against the child and anathema to God.

The second commandment of the Embrace was that it
never be performed out of love or to seek companionship.
Even though this is the law of Caine, according to the Book
of Nod, Saulot watched for such transgressions even more
vigilantly than did his grandsire. Why? It seems simple. The
vampiric state, in its truest form, is horror. Any who have
murdered while in the grip of hunger or under the talons of the
Beast would surely agree upon this, at least those who retain
enough of their humanitas to care. Therefore, why would any
Cainite inflict this horror upon someone she claimed to love!
The act would make a mockery of the very word. It seems wise,
does it not, to prevent such horrors. Surely the Cainite given
the Kiss out of love would grow to hate the one who had
damned him, sowing dissension and hatred within the clan
itself. And yet, in the midst of such sterling logic, there is hope
for those who would bring their lovers into eternity. The
persistent rumors regarding relations between Rayzeel and
Saulot would seem to beg the question if Saulot himself could
follow his own law.

There is a continued belief among those not of the clan
that Salubri are expected to adhere in all strictness to the
values of the clan, the teachings of Saulot, the lore of the past


and so on. Those with whom I have spoken have caused me
to give rise a conjecture, which Nuriel and another healer
have suggested as appropriate. :

I] have seen nothing to suggest that the Salubri are
choosing childer for the Embrace willy-nilly. There is a great
deal of observation and care taken with the choice, and upon
the choice and Embrace, further care is taken with each
childe's training. Once the childe is Embraced, he or she has
as long as is necessary to ensure that he or she is properly
prepared to exist in the hateful world, whether with compan-
ions or alone. The work of Samiel and the warriors who
followed is not suggestive of a clan that abandons its childer.
If that were so, should we have had Samiel, Rayzeel and the
other, unsung creators? | suspect the sentiment among the
elders is to say to the childer that the childer have been raised
and gifted with all that is necessary for them to make their
way in the world. It remains to the childer how they choose
to carry out those values to reflect both themselves and their
elders. Once a childe is released, she is trusted to do right and
choose well. She may maintain close relations with her sire
and other elders, but she is by and large on her own.

I must hasten to add that what I describe above would be
more appropriate for the years before the purges began. Since
then, I suspect that sires are teaching their childer strict
obedience to the tenets and little else, largely due to a lack of
time, and a pressing fear that the sire may not be there the
next night to continue the lessons. There is no time for the
long childehoods of debate, study and practice. Childer

Embraced now must be prepared to be thrown into the world,
often before they are ready.

Scatha-Columbkille has expressed the worry that many
childer may be cheated of their heritage, both knowingly and
otherwise, in these dark times. Should a childe choose a
different route and clothe his values in a tatterdemalion's
cloak rather than a white tabard or monk's robes, he may
believe that he betrays his clan and the path set before him.
What becomes of these confused ones? And how likely is it
that he might ever encounter an elder who might instruct
him otherwise? More likely that he will find others of his
generation who insist that there be only one or two paths, and
roil further still with guilt and confusion. Scatha has wept for
these, and I cannot help but weep with her.

ON SAULOT

Even among non-Salubri, one has but to say the name to
receive an immediate response, often favorable. I daresay he
is the closest we approach to a saint, particularly since he was
martyred. I only wish that others were more heeding of his
children for his sake.

What description I have has been confusing in the
extreme, taken from scant memories, sires' tales and accounts
passed down imperfectly from Enochian documents. Those
who could tell us for certain are either dead or have no wish

to speak. He has been usually described as of average height
for the times, perhaps even slightly shorter, and usually well-
built and -formed. His hair is usually given as black, although
some insist that it was brown or even golden. His skin was
likely dun-colored, and very few accounts have said that he
lost this coloring upon the Embrace. Of his eyes, there has
been the fiercest disagreement; I have heard they were every
color from blue to black to hazel, and there is no consensus
even among blood-siblings. Most agree that he was handsome
by the day's standards; supposedly Arikel insisted he veil
himself before approaching her, lest she find herself too
thoroughly entranced by his beauty. Salubri, however, think
that he was more likely average in appearance, neither stun-
ning nor hideous but rather altogether...human. From out of
this welter of vociferous disagreement, only a single portrait
has survived to serve as our lone glimpse of what this most
noble Cainite may have looked like. Most observers seem to
agree that the painting looks at least passingly like Saulot,
though trying to get agreement on which details are correct
is like attempting to empty the seas with a sieve. | believe the
portrait hangs in the chapel of a Malkavian baron, Etienne
d'Agoult, but my last report of it was several decades ago, and
who knows if some enterprising Tremere childe has at-
tempted to ingratiate himself to his elders by defacing it.

Over the years, Saulot has attracted a variety of descrip-
tions from other Cainites, with epithets ranging from
"near-deity" to "near-inhuman." His powers over life and
death, far beyond what the other clans even dreamed of,
earned him jealous accusations of being proud and unman-
ageable. Some claimed that he acted as would a petty god,
toying with lives as it suited his whim. They mutter that in his
trances he spoke to demons, and white-faced Cainites re-
count the prophecies he gave in the very tongues of Hell.

By contrast, Saulot's childer have ascribed very mortal
values and behaviors to him. They have tales of his fears,
which manifested in fits of deep gloom when he became
subject to these trances, and of his first arguments with Samiel
when that childe strained at his leash. They tell of his love for
Rayzeel and of his wonder at any insight gained, be it his own
or a pupil's. Yet there are also tales of his harsh punishments
of childer who flouted his rules of the Kiss or the use of their
Disciplines, even unto returning them to the dust from
whence they came. He gave us the blessed vision of Golconda,
yet left behind precious few lessons for those who would
obtain it. Which portrait, then, is the true one?»Was he a
monster among monsters, forever tainted by his time in the
unknown lands to the East, or a gentle soul who overcame
both God and Caine's curses?

In the end, as a scholar, I must claim that both portraits
have something of the truth. The Cainite, once the man,
called Saulot must stand betwixt these two extremes. He was
aunremarkable man who became something very remarkable
upon his Embrace. He was murdered by acoward in cold blood
while he slumbered, and yet he is not gone from us. He left us

ER THREE: MISCELLANEA ET DEMONICA


his legacy in the form of his childer, which we, to our shame,
rapidly allow others to squander. We are being tested, perhaps
by Saulot himself from beyond the grave —a final test of our
humanity. If we fail this, then he and his childer are far better
off without us, and we will have received what we deserve.

THE INFERNAL

The text herein presented on this subject is the work of
two remarkable childer of Saulot's line — Yael, a warrior
who has made the crushing of the infernal her unlife's work,
and Matthias, a healer of Gngland who in life had been of
holy orders. When this was presented unto me, I feared to
even touch the parchment, which had obviously seen many
days travel and not a few years of hard usage. The messenger
bearing the scroll had been sent by a compatriot of mine in
Salerno, and the courier said that his master's thoughts had
been to place such a valuable piece where it might be saved.
While the thought was a kind one, and pleasing to an old
man's vanity, I was suddenly struck with the notion of how
many other fragile texts had been carelessly tossed into the
rain, or burned with their owners or ripped into a thousand
pieces. For each that reached my hands, perhaps another
dozen had been destroyed or seized by the Usurpers seeking,
the easy road to knowledge and power. I must confess, the
thought left me in deep melancholy for the remainder of the
night, and for several evenings afterward.

As history, the manuscript details much of the Salubri
crusade against the infernal forces and speaks somewhat of
the Baali Wars. It also gives us a family tree of our two
authors, which is perhaps one of the very few in existence.
Note how Matthias fills in the gap where the names of the
Second Generation are unknown. I have attempted to detail
such and keep records of the lost, but few have seen the profit
in the endeavor. Indeed, it would seem that they view such a
task as bringing evil luck with it.

This text is created by the hand of Matthias of ath,
begat of Genervs, who was begat of Simeon, who was begat
of Kyrorsh, who was begat of Savlot, who was begat of the
Second Generation, who was begat of Caine. These are the
words of Yael, who was born Allthea of Phillipus, begat of
Gabriel, who was begat of Hillel, who was begat of Lthuriel,
who was begat of Samiel, who was begat of Saulot, who was
begat of the Second Generation, who was begat of Caine.

Since the days of the Baali Cars have we stood against
the evil ones, those who sought the might of the darkness as
shields for their own weak spirits or to win for them what their
own strength could not. Since the night that Samiel and his
three entered the vallen of MEoloch have we refoted the works
of the evil ones, their servants and the powers that they serve.
Ce ave united in this purpose, warriors and healers, and by
this work do we honor our fallen forefathers.

Ce Baar Wars

Though those nights of fear and flame are long gone, they
are still difficult to speak of for many, Shared memory has
brought shared pain, and in these memories we still smell the
stink of offal and the spilled vitae of our sires. In reminiscence
We hear the screams of the servants of the infernal, and we
count the tears wept by Saulot for this horror.

The rumors of the infernalists in the river vallevs had
grown too numerous to be ignored, and the farmers were much
aftaid of those dark places and the coming of night. (hile some
of the Third Generation dismissed these tales as but the lowing
of the frightened kine, others were less certain. Saulot believed
that the stories were not mere nervous tale-telling bu the fire, but
tather evidence of weighty matters that deserved more than
cursory attention. Chen the fear of the infernalists began
spreading from the vallevs, Saulot would mait no longer. Ie
sent four warriors, two of his own childer among them, into the
river valleys. To them he gave the task of watching and learning
as much as could be of these creatures, and of bringing unto him
tidings of their strength, cunning and desires.

The betrayal from within was one that Saulot could not
have foreseen, pet he believed himself somehow responsible for
the Traitor's deeds. For it had been he who chose the
Warriors, he who gave them their fatal mission, and until the
end of his davs he tormented himself with the thought that he
had somehow been deceived so easily by one of his own. The
torment of those who ventured into the valleys was mercifully
brief. The sole survivor who carried the tale of the ending to
the Second City suffered for his knowledge. ith Saulot's
blessing, he chose to face the dawn rather than recall the
horrors he had seen for another night.


Ce were told that the blood ran as rivers when the Salubri ted the assembled forces of the Oainites against the Baali.
Samiel stood at the forefront always, with generals of the Brojah and Gangrel bp his side. Dever once did he step from the
field unless the healers dragged him awap that his wounds might be tended. Chen X made study with a Brojah lord in his
Sphaeristera, he told me of how his grandsire, a neonate in those days, saw Samiel mowing down those who stood before him
as calmly and quickly as if he were a simpler farmer, haroesting wheat.

AAll of the champions of the Baali failed to defeat Samiel, so they were forced to resort to treachery. Als then could not
tur him or subdue him, they were forced to kill him, and this they did. The fatal blow was struck from behind, and the fatal knife
was in a traitor's hand. Samiel fell even as the battle ended.

Grievous were our losses that night. Ce gave of ourselves, of our warriors and healers, that the Baali might not extend
their grasp of shadow. In our efforts, we were but partially successful, and the price we paid was too high. -

Of the warriors, only five remained, all pouths in comparison to those who had fallen, and all were the last to receive their
blooding at Samiel's hands, Of the heaters, over half their number lap recumbent upon the field, for the monsters did target them
to prevent our forces from receiving succor upon the field. Great was the grief of Saulot to learn of his childer's deaths, and those
who had stood upon the field with the fallen had no repip to him but to sap, "Rejoice, for none died a coward's death."

Of the traitor to our clan and his forefather, the tales sav little. Vianp have their ideas regarding his whereabouts and
fate. Bor mp own part, X have found that X must believe that Samiel dragged him down into death even as he himself fell. 1
must believe this, on the darkest nights when X prepare the torch and sword to cleanse pet another Baali nest, or X should spend
mp unlife in endless purges a8 terrible as those levied against the Gnostics.

CHE Gnosaic Purges

(Ce chroniclers were not pet born when this horror came upon the land. Of this, we will say that Savlot was surely misled
by whispering serpents who knew that he had no particular liking for the Gnostics or their philosophy. Chy this was we are
Not entirely certain, and we have only the words of Rayzeel and Miatkav as chronicle of those nights.

hat mp sire told me was this and this only. ‘Rumor had come to Savlot that the Gnostics harbored not only aali taint
but the thrice-damned traitor himself. MEore than anything, Savlot wished that traitor to suffer for the unforgivable acts he had

committed against sire, clanmates, Cainites all and even mortals, for immortal infernalists would surely be an even greater blight
to the Children of Seth than even Cainites might become. Aind so, Saulot himself stalked the Gnostics where he found them,
and sought the Traitor in their midst. Kye did not find the one he sought, but he found much that was abomination unto the Lord,
and much that was corrupt, and many Cainites who had arrogated unto themselves the mantle of the Kyoly Church that they
might feed from the faithful. Savlot's surviving childer hunted the Traitor as well, and those who had fallen from the path of
Qhrist's teachings feared them. Great were their lamentations when Savlot hunted among them, for he was fiercer than Samiel,
and more deadly.

In NiescsTo Forrow

Samiel had not written upon the notion of purging the infernal from the land, but we believe that had he lived, he would have
set this as law in his code. Als it is, we take our direction in this from our father and from the remaining warriors who did raise
us up whole cloth from nothingness. Their war against the Baali became our war against the Baali. Their hunt for evil became
ours. So, too, did their enemies become ours as well.

Since the rise of the Setites in hoary Ggupt, the continued threat of the Baali, the efforts of those mortals who ever feed
the appetites of these enemies, and now of the cursed Csurpers, we have much to do. je cannot allow these creatures to continue
on their paths of wickedness without intercession. To do so would be an insult to the memory of the sacrifices made by Samiel
and all those who stood with him on the field against the Baali.

THEVIA Docorosa

Ce know nothing of this Via, and the fact that it is ascribed to us is more ludicrous than the wildest Csurper-spawned
slanders. Lt espouses values no different than those found in the teachings our more tupical Viae, such as ‘Roads of Iyeaven
or Kyumanity; why should we traipse another read go like unto those we already know? Ainy examination of this so could "Grieving
Road" shows that it is the flimsiest fiction. Als for this claim that those following it find Golconda too difficult to achieve and
therefore create childer with the purpose of diablerie, it has the stink of the Csurpers about it. Cho but thep, or their cohorts,
would ascribe the crime of Rinslaping to us? It is nothing but a pallid, callom attempt to pin any atrocity upon us they can so
8 to justify their slaughter of mp brethren. Could that X could carve the tenets of this so-called Via on the still-vital body of
the wretch who first crafted the lie:



2 have been fold that the Safubri d0 not
goin their poveers in the vwoay that most of
breathless pronouncements ave follovwoed by
the revelation that the Unicorns dicker with
nonsense can be distnissed with the wave
of a hand On the other hand it does seem
that not coer thing about the Satubri folloves
the strict courses that woe of the other dans
kniove Sor example, their Discipline, Waleven,
is split into two paths Only the Usurpers
studies of Thaumoetucayn hace a similar
steuctuce. Surcthermoce, if appears that the
yoarciore citual of the Uooding also grants
our kind


ae

8)

7 —~—<

—

so
Da.

POWERS OF THE BLOODING

The powers granted by the ritual of the blooding are
available only to those warriors who have gone through an
accurate version of the practice, a la the Code of Samiel. False or
degraded versions of the blooding do not unlock the powers that
a proper blooding provides.

The powers of the blooding can be purchased for 7 XP each.
TRACKER'S MARK

The Salubri may gain insight into his target if his prey has
spilled any ofhisown blood. Themere touch andscentof the blood
isenough to trigger this power, though the taste of the blood lowers
difficulty on all rolls relating to Tracker's Mark by 1. If the target
has left a trail of blood, the Warrior may track him by it.

System: The Salubri takes a little of his target's blood onto
his fingers or tongue and concentrates. The player rolls Percep-
tion + Awareness, difficulty 6. For each success, he gains a single
piece of information about his target, such as generation, clan,
occupation, age, whether or not the target is a diablerist and so
on, It's never a straightforward thing — most find their senses
react to "stimulants" in the blood (the Beast grumbles in re-
sponse to a Brujah's frenzied blood, for example), and there are
odd distortions in the information received as a result. If the
blood is from an animal, the Salubri may be briefly assaulted with
the animal's heightened senses. When the warrior tracks prey by
the blood, the player rolls Perception + Survival (difficulty 6),
with the number of successes indicating how many scenes he can
follow for before needing to reroll.

Strangely enough, the older the blood being tasted, the
more information it gives and the more pronounced the side
effects it produces. For every generation of the target's blood
higher than 8th, the difficulty on the base roll drops by one. Some
Salubri claim that blood bastardized from them burns like fire on
the tongue or smells like rotting hay (making it very effective for
tracking Tremere and Baali).

BLESSING OF THE NAME

There's a reason the warriors name themselves after angels.
A Salubri who calls on this power presents a formidable sight, one
terrifying enough to strike abject terror into the hearts of her foes
or inspire a tired army to a fresh stand. Her third eye opens,
shedding a harsh golden light that bathes the warrior and all she
looks upon. Mud and grime vanish, rusty armor gleams as though
newly forged, and the warrior seems to have the look of an
avenging member of the Lord's hosts. Asked later about the event,
most witnesses will remember that they saw something marvelous,
but no two will agree on what they saw.

System: The Salubri calls on the power by invoking the angel
whose name she shares and specifying what she wishes to use it for
("Michael, leader of the Heavenly Host! Stand with me now and
bring terror to my enemies!"). Her third eye opens, golden light
pours forth, and she can be considered to have Presence ¢ © ¢ ¢ ¢ for
the duration of the scene. Furthermore, she may ignore all wound
penalties as well for the duration of that scene.

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

gio SE ae

ee 225°

To activate this power, the player rolls the character's Path
rating (difficulty 8), with two successes necessary. Her foes must
make a Willpower roll to so muchas attempt to strike her, and even
if they overcome their awe, they are at +2 difficulty to strike. At the
Storyteller's behest, any allies of the Salubri who are sufficiently
inspired by her may be at -2 difficulty to strike their foes.

When the scene ends, the effect leaves her, and any mud, rust,
injuries, etc. that the power covered up now more pronounced. At
Storyteller discretion, the character's vampirism may seem more
prominent (pronounced pallor, prominent fangs, etc.) for the next
few minutes as well. If her injuries haven't reduced her to Incapaci-
tated or Torpor, the Salubri will also be ravenously hungry. A
character may only call on this effect once per story.

Be warned, though, that the Heavenly Host donot like their
names being used in vain, anda Salubri who uses this effect when
not in life-threatening danger, for less-than-altruistic reasons or
torandomlly terrorize may find her divine protection running out
at inconvenient times. She may even make someone up there
very angry...

New VALEREN CIsks

ee HUGURING THE SICKNESS

Another diagnostic tool in the hands of the Salubri, this
power allows a Healer to discover both the severity and nature of
the sickness plaguing her patient, although it offers no informa-
tion about the cure. Knowledge of Auguring the Sickness is
believed to date back after Saulot's return from the East, leading
to speculation that this is a power found among Eastern healers
(and possibly vampires).

System: The Salubri lets her hands hover an inch or so
above the body of her patient and traces a path from head to foot,
concentrating as she does. The player rolls Perception + Medi-
cine (difficulty 7). Each success allows the player one detail or
symptom about the illness, such as its kind, what the likely
symptoms and developments are, and so on. Those who have
activated Heightened Senses (Touch) before performing the
augury often can sense extra heat in the area of the sickness.

@¢e@ PEACEMAKER

This gift is found among the healers, although not a few of
thewatchershave procured it for themselves. Similar to Shepherd's
Watch, it allows the Salubri to spread an aura of calm and peace
around a small chamber. Under its influence, tempers that had
flared out of control find restraint, and arguments over ttifles are
reduced to differences of opinion. Vampire lords have found this
to be extremely helpful in negotiating treaties with mortal
counterparts, and some once requested the Salubri create the
effect for difficult negotiations between Cainites.

System: The player spends two Willpower points to erect the
aura of this power. It lasts for as many scenes as she has dots in her
Via rating, or until she leaves the area. Her third eye opens, but it
shedsno light, and the power isnotaffected ifshe shadows her third
eye under a hood or hat. Peacemaker is nota numbing or hypnotic


vo

}

(ay

Nh
l

Md DQ

effect, more of "clearing the head." Those under the effect of this
power are more inclined to talk out a dispute rather than reach for
the sword. Brujah in particular find it harder to lose their tempers,
although they're not immune to agitation — they are at +2
difficulty on all rolls relating to aggression.

Anyone who wishes to insult someone or give in to bad temper
while under the effects of Peacemaker must roll Willpower (diffi-
culty 8) or simply settle down into mumbling and bewilderment.
Those with normally quiet, gentle or peaceful Natures are often the
least affected; the Salubrisuspectit is due to the aura finding nothing
to calm or settle as with more violent or angry Natures.

Once the effects of Peacemaker wear off, those who have
been affected by it sometimes have a sense of "buyer's
remorse." Mortal enemies occasionally "come to their senses"
and may renege on agreements made, while others claim they
were addled with witchcraft while negotiating. Another draw-
back is that the power works best ina small chamber—the larger
the chamber, the more spread out the effect, and less potent it is
asa result. Ifthe Salubri wishes to create a more potent effect, she
may spend two more points of Willpower, thus allowing a
sanctuary to enjoy the aura of a small chamber.

e eee KING DAVID'S BLESSING

Itis said that music has the power to soothe the savage breast.
When you sing or play an instrument, your patients seem to heal
better and relax more. This can help someone forget his physical
pain, draw him out of depression, or even assist another healer in

ANZ

Size of Chamber
Small chamber

Effect

Mortal enemies can talk about the
issues at hand without lapsing into an
argument. Violence is impossible with-
out extreme provocation (or the
expenditure of a Willpower.)

Large chamber Loud disagreements are still possible,

but violence is difficult to initiate.

Banquet hall,
sanctuary

A general feeling of goodwill, which
can be shattered

working hercraft. Rayzeel wassaid to be thecreatorof this Discipline,
originally crafting this to draw Saulot out of his depression after the
Baali Wars. Those Salubri who do not come from a strong Christian
or Judaic tradition often call this power Rayzeel's Song.

System: The music must be appropriate to the situation (a
jolly country tune isn't likely to help someone relax, but it might
help distracta woman in labor). The Salubri plays her ifistrument
or sings; the player rolls Charisma + Music (difficulty 7). If the
Salubri is singing to the accompaniment of another, both players
must make the music roll. If the accompanist botches, each 1
removesa success from the Salubri's efforts; if the Salubri runs out
of successes, he may fail or botch.

If the Salubri is trying to draw someone out of depression,
each success lowers the difficulty of the target's Willpower roll
(no lower than 5), or allows him 10 minutes of relatively clear
thought before he slips back into his depressed state.


If the Salubri is attempting this before working a healing,
each success on King David's Blessing allows her to subtract one
from the difficulty of her healing roll (difficulty no lower than 4).
If the healing is meant to work against a Derangement, the
difficulty may go no lower than 5.

If the Salubri is working in tandem with a doctor, midwife or
another Salubri, the player makes his roll as normal, with each
success granting the second healer another die for his Medicine/
Valeren roll. Only five dice total can be granted in this manner.

Failing or botching King David's Blessing is very unpleasant
forall concerned. Anything attempted after a failure has +1 added
to the difficulty, while a botch adds +2. The Storyteller may even
deem thatabotch inflictsa single level ofnon-aggravated damage,
as the subject thrashes in sudden distress. In the case of a Derange-
ment, the subject makes a frenzy or Rotschreck roll. Furthermore,
medieval thought is firm in the knowledge that disharmony has a
way of inviting all sorts of terrible things, and spirits drawn to pain
or disharmony may come sniffing around the victim.

© @ © © © © @ SWORD OF THE RIGHTEOUS

Not by rightness of spirit and rigorous training alone were the
warriors of Samiel's band able to put the Baali to flight. The most
talented were also able to call upon this power, which made their
swords blaze with the cleansing fire of righteousness.

System: By running his hand along the blade of his weapon
and coating it with his own blood (coincidentally taking a health
level of damage), a Salubrican make hissword blaze with heavenly

Nog "Y
Seats

WS
Sans

fire. After the blood has been applied, the player rolls Strength +
Occult, difficulty 7. Ifhe succeeds, the sword blazes into light with
golden flames that last until the end of the scene.

The flames are not merely decorative. They cannot be
smothered with powers of shadow ofa lesser level of expertise, and
anyone attacking a Salubri using this power is at +1 difficulty on
all rolls because of the brightness of the flames. Furthermore, the
sword now does an additional two dice of aggravated damage.

eeeeee WATCHING THE PASSAGE

This power can only be used on those who have accepted the
gift of Ending the Watch. While those who pass on thus go to
eternal peace, talented Salubri can gain some benefit from helping
them go. Watching the Passage leaves behind psychic echoes of
the dearly departed in the chamber in which he died, and the
Salubri can draw upon those echoes for strength and knowledge.

System: The psychic echoes left behind by the newly dead can
be utilized by the Salubri in any number of ways. By spending a
Willpower and making a Perception + Empathy roll, the player can
allow the spirit of the departed to merge with the Salubri's own. This
grants the Salubri a chance (Intelligence, difficulty 5) of knowing
any fact that the dead man knew, including the whereabouts of
documents or treasure, interesting secrets and so on. If the Salubri
just lets hismind drift, a Perception + Empathy roll (difficulty 7) may
let useful or pertinent details just come to him.

Alternately, the Salubri may choose to simply draw in all of the
remaining essence of the departed soul. For each success obtainedon


a difficulty of 6. Each heals the Salubri of a level of damage. Doing
so drains the essence of the departed permanently, however.
Watching the Passage can only be used up to a week after the
death of the mortal in question. A botch inflicts a level ofaggravated
damage and may summon a maleficent spirit of some sort.

eoecoececece HENVEN'S GATE

One of the rarest and most infrequently taught powers of
Valeren, Heaven's Gate literally allows a Salubri to infuse a
recently dead cadaver with the power of life itself without either
Embracing or ghouling the target. In the golden glow from the
Cainite's third eye, spectators can see the soul drifting back into
the body it so recently departed. Salubri, needless to say, are loath
to use this power for many reasons.

System: The Salubri lays hands on the recently dead, and
with the expenditure of 2 Willpower and a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8), draws the fleeing soul back into the mortal shell.
Note that unless the body has been healed or otherwise revitalized
in the interim, odds are death with return swiftly.

Heaven's Gate cannot be used more than 10 minutes after
the victim's last heartbeat. Any botch on the roll may well draw
another sort of spirit — and not the one who belongs in the body
—at Storyteller discretion.

Merirs AND FLAws

SCENT OF THE OTHER Cl pr Merit)

Forsomereason, youjustdon'tseem likea Salubri. Maybe you
carry yourself like a Brujah, or it's just one of those inexplicable
things. Whatever it may be caused by, the end result is that people
need to look hard before admitting to themselves that you are in
facta Salubri, and they will rationalize away what might otherwise
be suspicious behaviors of yours.

Prorecrep (2-5 pr Merrit)

You have some shelter from the Tremere hunt, whether from
an individual who shares a vow of friendship or from an organization
thatfinds youuseful. Work out the generalities with your Storyteller,
but she creates the final details and most likely plays the character
who hasan interestin keeping youaround. Why do these peoplerisk
themselves for you? These people are not Retainers (unless you
purchase the Background as well), and protection has a way of
running out if you misuse it or abuse your companions' goodwill.

For two points, your shelter is likely a mortal or ghoul who
whistles when he sees the torches coming. For three points, you
haye a weak vampire companion who has a useful Discipline. At
four points, you have the security of a church or monastery
(without Faith), a coterie of vampires or a vampire of ancilla age,
and several Disciplines. With five points, you are sheltered by a
powerful vampire elder, a church or monastery with Faith, or even
a mortal lord and his retinue. i

‘WarrENs (3 pr Merir)

It doesn't matter that the Tremere are hunting you. Youhave
places to go to ground. Whether your knowledge covers the

catacombs, Roman tuins, dockside complexes or anywhere else
you can imagine, you know a place or two where you can hole up
and hide, safe and sound — at least for a little while.

Sieut BEyonp Sicut (5 pr Merrr)

Your third eye can occasionally see things that are invisible to
yournormal sight. You have no control over what the eye sees, and
sometimes this additional vision can get you in a great deal of
trouble. Perhaps you can sometimes see through Obfuscate or
Chimerstry, or through magical illusions. Some Salubri have
reported seeing into the Shadowlands or occasionally glimpsing
the true form of a faerie. The third eye must be open for the Merit
to work, whether through Valeren or through a concentrated
effort (Willpower, difficulty 6).

BLOODING By THE Cope (7 pt Merir)

For some reason, you were fortunate enough to receive a
blooding by the Code of Samiel in the prescribed way. Conse-
quently, you may learn the abilities granted by this blooding if you
can finda teacher. You must have an excellent reason for possessing
this Merit, and your good fortune may arouse some suspicions both
in and out of clan. Only warrior Salubri may take this Merit.

Opp Eye (1-2 pr Fiaw)

Your third eye looks strikingly different than the two you were
born (and Embraced) with. For one point, the third eye is merely
a different color (i.e., blue, when you have brown eyes), while for
two points it's something rather disturbing (i.e., violet, red, slitted
like a cat's eye). Needless to say, this inhuman feature is not going
to help your reputation.

SrupporN (1-3 pr Faw)

There is conviction of spirit, there is unshakable will, and
there is just plain being ornery. You fall into the last category.
When your mind is made up, or when you're set on doing
something, nothing can divert you. For one point, you'reset in your
ways, but a convincing argument will turn you around. For two
points, you're a regular mule, and nothing's likely to change your
mindshortofacatastrophe. Forthree points, you'll not only defend
your conviction to Hell's door, you'll kick it in and argue with the
Devil. This Flaw is most often taken by warriors.

Cwnsioopen (5 pt Fiaw)

You never received any ritual of blooding from your sire or
other warriors, and so your training is at a standstill. You may not
progress beyond the second level of Valeren until you receive a
ritual of blooding, and you are two Traits down in any Social roll
against a blooded Salubri. Only warrior Salubri may take this Flaw.

VisiBLE Eye (5 pr Fiaw)

You cannot get your third eye to close. It remains open even
when you sleep. While you can cover it, covering it tightly is too
painful to be borne. You may spend Willpower to force it shut for
10 minutes, but it snaps back open immediately thereafter.

FOUR: THE POWERS OF THE RIGHTEOUS



Po discover a saint you must first
look in a fornk Kemernber this vohen

= ge chasing after Seudot's childer.


Tue Hoty. THIEF

Quote: Which is the greater crime, I
wonder, my lord? That a Salubri steal a true
relic from a bishop, or that a Lasombra steal
that selfsame relic from the people who most
need it by locking it up in his personal coffers?

History: You were a vagabond in
life, getting by on petty thefts and
small-time cozenry. You had little
interest in "civilized life" — it was
just a pretty veneer over some rotten
hearts, which you managed perfectly
well without. Oh, you believed in
God like everyone else, but having
never directly felt His hand on your
life, you figured that He had no
interest in or use for you. Perhaps
that explained what happened next.

You fell ill while out on the
road in England and luckily found
shelter at a hostel before you
became completely delirious. God
spared your ragged life for reasons
youcouldn't fathom, and this both-
ered you unaccountably. You
hung around after your
recovery and dogged the local
monastery, hoping to find some
answer to this question. During

your stay, a set of relic bones
(said to be those of St. Agnes)
was brought to the abbey on their
way to a cathedral. A number of
sick people had come to see the
relic, hoping for a chance to touch
the bones and be healed, and their
deep, simple faith touched you unex-
pectedly. It seemed like a simple
request, to wish for health. So when
the priest refused to let the bones
out of their reliquary and drove off
the petitioners, you became angry.
You stole a monk's habit and ap-
proached the priest in disguise. Your
disguise was so good that he spoke
without thinking — the bones were
bound for the personal reliquary of
a noble to whom the priest owed
substantial favors, and in fact had
been stolen from another abbey.

It has been said that one should
never try to cozen a cozener,
particularly one developing a

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

conscience. You filched the bones that night
and revealed the priest's deception to the
abbot. The joy of the petitioners at finally
touching the sacred relics, the devotion
of the monks as they stored them care-
fully — suddenly, it was as if a great
many things became clear to you, and
y you finally felt the touch of the Divine.
Your thefts brought you a small
amount of fame among the abbeys, so
you thought it no great matter to be
asked by an abbess to retrieve a set of
parchments said to contain holy
writings. The abbess neglected to
mention that the writings were
Salubri songs in the hands of a
= Tremere, and when he threw you
Uli) from the walls of his stronghold,
¥/' you hoped that God would be a
Jj' little more pleased to see you. The
/! — Salubri abbess, however, had other

plans for you.

Concept: You watch for the
peddlers and panderers of faith, both
those who wear bishop's miters and
those in rags, and you have little
tolerance for either. Let none, how-
ever, mistake your actions for those
of any common padfoot — you are
serving a higher purpose.

Roleplaying Hints: You've
gotten very good at what you do,
whether it is deflecting too much
scrutiny from yourself or in filching
others' prized possessions (including
your clanmates). A mix of Furore bold-

ness and well-honed knowledge of the
Church, you prefer to charm your
targets, but you have no qualms about
using a blade if it becomes necessary.
Items: Monk's robe, traveling
clothes, knife, pouches and bags, animal
bones, slivers of wood, lockpicks


FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGES»

Name: NATURE! Penitent SIRE:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Gatlant GENERATION: 101%
CHRONICLE? CONCEPT/ CASTE: the Holy thier HAVEN:
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL Soca MENTAL
Strength @@000000 Charisma @e@@e000o0o Perception__e®000000 ¢
Dexterityiwttaa®@@@@®@000 Manipulation_@@@e00000 Intelligence__@@000000
Stamina @@@00000 Appearance__@@®O000000 Wits @@@00000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES )
Acting @@000000 AnimalKen_OQOOOO000 Academics 00000000
Alertness @@000000 Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_@eO000000
Athletics @0000000 Crafts @0000000 Investigation__ @@®000000
Brawl. @e@e000000 Etiquette @eo0o0o00o00 Law___ 7070000000
Dodge @@000000 Herbalism__OOOO0O0000 Linguistics @0000000
Empathy. @0000000 Melee @@000000 Medicine___ 00000000
Intimidation__OOOOO000 Music 00000000 Occult___ 00000000
Larceny. @e@@00000 Ride e0000000 Politics = =~==oe000000 \
Leadership OO00O0O0000 Stealth @e@@00000 Science___ —0 0000000
Subterfuge @@000000 Survival @@000000 Seneschal 00000000
(
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
uspex S :
@@000000 tact @©@000000 GQoccience eeeou
Fortitude __—- ®O0O000000 re @@000000 dinate
Valeren Warrior) @OOOOO000 @OO0O0O0O000 Self-Control @e0ee0
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 Courage_______—eee00
{
—— OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
00000000 Oo
eeeeoeeeo0oo Hurt 1
00000000 inp 1°O
OO0000000° ____ j Wounded 7) a) |
Treacle ‘WILLPOWER eels oo |
OO000000 @S@B@eeBee0O0O Crippled 6 fl
SCOCSC008 AOD nanooOrnH Incapacitated O
00000000
Oo0000000 Boop Poot, ‘WEAKNESS
O0000000 Cannot Refuse Plea for Help/
00000000 oO (| oO oO [a] oO fa [fl fal oO Cannot Injure Another Without
00000000

DO OO wn PHE HOSTS OF HEAVEN
me
em

LSS,


ELECTRA

Quote: Why should I not decry such villainy? Silence
has never yet spitted a traitor, and that is not likely to
change for the likes of you.

History: What you were before your Embrace
holds very little interest for you. You have
distant memories of being the daughter of
a patrician, of being Embraced in Rome,
and later being converted to Christianity
during the reign of Nero. Your memories
of the days after your conversion are
much sharper, though not by choice.

You remember the horrors of the
purges, the hunts, the nights of hiding
in the catacombs and wondering
when you would die. You remember
how so many of your brethren, mortal
and immortal, were found and
dragged away to torments you had
only heard whispers of. When you
wanted to fight back, you were told
that this was not the way of the Salubri,
nor of the Christians. Your spirit was
curbed, but only temporarily.

Over the years, you saw it happen
again and again, and always, you were
told to be patient, be silent. It was the
way of neither Christian nor Salubri,
and definitely not of amere woman, to
show such anger and risk being seen
oneself. Your patience, however, was
running thin, and you knew there
would come a night when all the
bottled-up rage would erupt ina foun-
tain that would shame Mt. Atna.

That night came with the news of
Saulot's diablerie at the hands of
some mongrel mortal wizard, who
had thought to steal the secret

of immortality. This time, you
weren't going to stand by in
pretended meekness and

humility, and to hell with

anyone who said otherwise!

Now you lodge with a long-time
Malkavian companion and spend your
nights sowing seeds of dissent against the
Usurpers. It is with grim irony that you
notice how those who had forced you to
stand down are now ashes on the wind, but
you take no pleasure in being right. You *

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

have much work to do, and if you must go

to Hell, you would prefer it to be witha
large honor guard of Usurpers.

Concept: Like the mythical

Electra, you believe yourself to be

the last crusader in the search

for justice for your father. You

don't care how long it takes, or

what the cost, or whom you

injure in the end — as long

as Saulot is avenged, then it

will all be for the greater

good. Then, for once, they

will say you were
tight...won't they?

Roleplaying Hints:

Your driving goal is to see

every Usurper destroyed for

what they've done to Saulot

and your clan, and it gives you

no peace. Every move, every

word, everything, must be

considered for its ultimate value.

Some think you madder than the

Malkav you lair with, but your

"madness" has a very definite method

behind it.
Items: Court clothing, goblet, chat-

elaine, pen, parchment, personal seal


FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK HGESe

NaME: NATURE! Fanatic SrRE?
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Judge GENERATION: 9+
CHRONICLE? CONCEPT/CHSTE? Electra HAVEN:
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength, @0000000 Charisma @@000000 Perception__e@®000000
Dexterity @@@00000 Manipulationsee@e@eeo000 Intelligences. @@e@e@0000
Stamina, @@000000 Appearance @@000000 Wits @@@00000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting @@000000 AnimalKen_OQO000000 Academics @@000000
Alertness @e@000000 Archery. OO0000000 Hearth Wisdom_OOO00000
Athletics OO0000000 Crafts 00000000 Investigation _@e@®000000
Brawl OO00O0OOO Etiquette e@000000 Law @@000000
Dodge @@000000 Herbalism @0000000 Linguistics @®0000000
Empathy. OO0O000000 Melee OO0O000000 Medicine____—e@@e000000
Intimidation__@Q0000000 Music @0000000 OCccult 00000000
Larceny. oo0000000 Ride 00000000 Politics @e@000000
Leadership, @@000000 Stealth @@000000 Science o00000000
Subterfuge @@000000 Survival 00000000 Seneschal @@000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Auspex ‘i
@e@000000 @@@00000 Conscience PP
Eortitule __ ®@O0 000000 rat @@e@00000
Valeren Healer) @0000000 @@@00000 Self-Control @eec0ce
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 _ Courage @e@e00
== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
00000000 Chivalry Bruised O
00000000 H allel
ee@e@e@eeeoodood urt
00000000 Injured -] 3 |
00000000} == Wounded 2 0
SOUSCOOU ‘WILLPOWER biter oo
00000000 @®@®@®@ee@e@e@@00 Onbpled) "gE
OOOO OOS (ai fiet Ee tale ee Incapacitated O
00000000 7
EAKNE
00000000 Bioop Poot SS
OO0000000 Cannot Refuse Plea for Help/
00000000 OOOOOOOODOD Cannot Injure Another without

OOO00000

OOOOOoOoOoOoOg
namie BN

Penalty

a: inline FIVE: THE HOSTS OF HEAVEN

BS

LISS

SEARCHER INTO Gop's
MysTrrigs

Quote: Look at this. Can you see
how the bones are meant to fold back
thus. How could anyone not find this
fascinating?

History: You were a second son
with no chance of inheriting, so you
took holy orders, hoping to find some
purpose for your life. You found a
niche in the study of medicine,
and you became quite proficient
inthe body's ills and injuries. Soon
youhad a reputation for diagnosing
and treating even unusual cases.
Unfortunately, such attention
came with a price — some jealous
folk started to wonder how youcame
by such wondrous gifts of healing.
Luckily, you were Embraced and
removed from the abbey before the
suspicions could crescendo to full-
blown accusations of heresy.

Youcontinued tostudy medicine,

in its new guise as Valeren, and you
took some advantage of yourso-called
fallen state to lurk around battle-
fields to study corpses, which had
been forbidden to you by the Church.
The more you saw of the human body
and how outside forces worked against
it, the more questions you had. You
delved into Greek and Arabic texts,
watched the stars and the weather, and
did your best to unlock the secrets of
the universe. When the Usurpers' hunts
began, you barely noticed, as you were
too wrapped up in other things. Alas,
the Usurpers demanded your attention
soon enough. It took them a little time,
but the local chantry resurrected the old
murmurs of heresy, and you were forced
to flee. Thanks to the help of your sire,
you went eastward until reaching
telative safety in Carpathia.

You now shelter with the Tzimisce,
who are more than happy to help you
continue your studies, particularly with
tegard to the body. You're not entirely
comfortable with their outlook on
existence, but it's better than facing

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

the pyre. Still, there are nights when
you stuff wool in your ears before you
sleep, trying to block out the sounds
coming from the cellar.
Concept: When youstarted
studying Valeren, you wanted
to understand the hows and
whys of what it did to the
body beyond feeling the torn
muscles and broken bones
reknit under your hands. You
set out to delve into the
mysteries of the body and
found two questions for every
answer. This only spurs you
on, and you swear by all that
is holy that before your time
comes, you will know all there is
to know.

Roleplaying Hints: You have an
insatiable curiosity about the world
and its workings, and given the chance
to poke at something, you seize it.
There is a learning opportunity in
everything, whether in setting a leg,
studying the properties of a diseased
cadaver or charting the stars. In the
hour of the Usurper, however, such
curiosity can get you ina great deal of
trouble if you're not careful.

Items: Beakers, cauldrons,
animal skeletons, well-thumbed
copied texts in Greek and Arabic,
star charts


FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGES»

NAME: NATURE! Jnnovator SRE:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Autocrat GENERATION: 10+
CHRONICLE? CONCEPT/CASTE! Searcher Into HAVEN:
Gods Mysteries
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SociaL MENTAL
Strength @0000000 Charisma @@000000 Perception__e@®@e00000
Dexterity @@@00000 Manipulation_@e@®000000 Intelligencegzie@@@@@000
Stamina, @@@00000 Appearance_@@000000 Wits @@000000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting OO0000000 AnimalKen_@O000000 Academics @@000000
Alertness @@000000 Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_e@eo000000
Athletics 00000000 Caafts @@000000 Investigation__@® 0000000
Brawl O0000000 Etiquette___O00000000 Law 00000000
Dodge @@®000000_ Herbalism__@ @@®00000 Linguistics @@000000
Empathy. OO0000000 Melee OODODOOOND Medicinerueon @@@@O0000
Intimidation__OOOOOO00 Music 00000000 Occult___e@e®000000
Larceny. oo0000000 Ride @0000000 Politics 00000000
Leadership__ @® 0000000 _ Stealth @@000000 Science. e@@e@00000
Subterfuge O0000000 Survival 00000000 Seneschal 00000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Auspex ss ®@@OOO0000 @@000000 Gpaccience eee
Fortitude __ @O 000000 ts @@®000000
Voleren Healer @OOO00000 "oes @OO0O0O0O000 Self-Control e0eee0
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 _ Courage @@000
== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
00000000 eettity Bruised 0
00000000 ure Al
00000000 e@e@e@e@eeeedod rained P a
se) —— WILLPOW Wounded 2
00000000 POWER erie 3 fal
00000000 @®@e@eee@0000 Crippled so
e°0000000 An nnnononooo Incapacitated O
00000000
o0000000 Bioop Poot, ‘WEAKNESS
O0000000 Cannot Refuse Plea for Help/
00000000 OOOOOOODOOD Cannot Injure Another without

OOO000000

DOODMoOOoOoOOo

Penalty

ee FIVE: THE HOSTS OF HEAVEN

QS =)


DEMON HUNTER

Quote: I am not interested in the niceties of court, my lady,
only business. Now, either tell me where to find this monster, or
I shall take this keep apart stone by stone until the Setite is found!

History: You were so new to the blood when you
went on Crusade that you received your first instruction
in your Disciplines on the way to Jerusalem. The journey
had dual purpose — both for your sire to bring you fully
into the ways of the warriors, and for a chance to meet
your grandsire and a few of your brothers. You were
nervous, but desperate to show him that you were worthy
of the trust he placed in you.

No one could have planned for the horror that awaited
you and your sire when you found what had been your
grandsire's haven, however. Your sire was certain it was the
work of infernalists, and you both set off to hunt them. What
followed was a nightmarish trial of months, far beyond
anything that could have been imagined fora blooding. When
you staggered out of the Baali lair, alone, blinking at the
starlight after nearly a year underground, you had only one
thought: that nothing infernal, whether demon or demon-
servant, should live while you did.

Saulot's diablerie at the hands of the foul Usurpers
meant little at first. You were angry, yes, but you still had
work to do, and you were certain that both Saulot and
your sire would not have wished you to sway your course.
That changed when you began to hear the rumors of just
how the Usurpers had managed to find Saulot, how they'd
managed to take him. You once swore that no
demon or demon-servant should thrive while you did. If
the rumors you hear are true, the Usurpers have very little
time left until you come for them.

Concept: Any vestiges of innocence you might have
retained were shattered long ago on your first encounter
with the infernal. The experience has goaded you into
taking greater action against the demonic in all its
forms — the Setites, the Baali, mortal cults,
blasphemous heretics, corrupted churchmen —
and in all of its guises. Now there are the Usurpers,
who make themselves so very easy to hate....

Roleplaying Hints: Grimly driven, you
find it difficult to take much pleasure in
anything. Your mission weighs heavily on
you, and you fear that levity would some-
how show you to be less than devoted to
your task. The impetus of your drive is
balanced by the depth of your spirituality,
and only in the safety of Mass do you allow
yourself to relax for the briefest moments.

Items: Sword, chain mail, Jerusalem pilgrim's badge,
horse, spare clothing, rosary

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI


SALOBR

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGES

NAME: NATURE! tyrant SRE:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Judge GENERATION? 10%
CHRONICLE! CONCEPT/CAHSTE: Demon Hunter HAVEN!
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@@00000 Charisma @@000000 Perception__e@®000000
Dexterity. @@@00000 Manipulation_@e@O000000 Intelligence_@e@@e00000
Stamina reremnnes @@@@OOOO Appearance_@@®O000000 Wits @@@e@00000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting 00000000 AnimalKen_OO000000 Academics 00000000
Alertness @@e@00000 Archery @@000000 Hearth Wisdom_oO000000
Athletics @@000000 Crafts O0000000 Investigation__@® ®0O00000
Brawl, @e@e@e00o0o0o Etiquette 00000000 Law 00000000
Dodge @@@00000 Herbalim__OOO000000 Linguistics @0000000
Empathy. 00000000 Melee @@@00000 Medicine___00000000
Intimidation__@@®OOOO00O0 Music OO0000000 Occult @e@O000000
Larceny 00000000 Ride @@000000 Politics 00000000
Leadership___@0000000_ Stealth 00000000 Science 00000000
Subterfuge. @0000000 Survival @@000000 Seneschal 00000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Auspex ss ®@OOO0000 @0000000 Gpaccience abate:
Fortitude __@ @OOO0000 ts @@000000
Valeren Worrior) @ @OOOO0O0O0 cy @@000000 Self-Control e5cecee0d
OOOO00000 Resources _® 0000000
OOOOO0000 Retamers _ ®@O000000 Courage @e8000
=== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
90000000 Heaven Bruised O
00000000 al
eee@eeeoo0oo Hurt "1
ta Injured -1°0
OO000000 = Wounded ene ie
ILLPOWER ounde
00000000 Mailed 30.
oe e@e@e@e@eeooodood Crippled 5. (0
000000 et ns tO Incapacitated Oo
00000000 0 =
NE
00000000 Bioop Poot EAKNESS
O0000000 Cannot Refuse Plea for Help/
00000000 OOOOOOOOOD Cannot Injure Another without

OOQ00000

Ba elelvelolaljoleyel
in CS ae
a

Penalty

CHAPTER FIVE: THE HOSTS OF HEAVEN

LOB

PSE

Court Apvisor

Quote: My lady, please consider the
precedent you are setting in allowing the
Tremere free access to the court. I
believe that your sworn ally would
conveniently forget your arrange-
ments — do you not recall his
eloquently stated feelings regarding
the Usurpers?

History: You were of a minor
noble house, educated asa scribe

Now, some 70 years later, you enjoy a
secure position in the courts, one which
particularly enviable in these dangerous

Concept: You despise

S\ =

—7 {7 —~< ——

—

toserve in the mortal courts
and matched to a peer's
daughter. The future lay in
a perfect map before you,
until your untimely riding
accident. Your lord brought
in his personal physician to
see to your injuries, and the
physician said that there
was but one way to save
you, which the lord insisted
upon. You had no idea that
the way was the Embrace.
You were angry about
the way in which you had
been saved, believing that
your lifetime of work had
been wasted, and you were
still angry on the night
your sire took you to the
court to be introduced. But
once you got back into the
atmosphere of court (even
if the court was that of your
fellow Cainites) your old
skills seemed to flood back.
Over the next several
weeks, you charmed and

ay

"I
i

XN

penn

2%

much of what you must do
to keep your position
secure, especially in
these nights, but there's
no other choice if you're
going to get anything

where, it will be in the
courts, and you'll do all
you can to see to that,

Roleplaying Hints:
Some think you're hue
morless and dour, but
more often your humo
is too subtle for notice.
You are quiet, observant,
almost a part of the
scenery, which leads
people to prattle with-
out thinking when you're
around. You keep your
lady's counsel in perfect
confidence — the rest,
less so.

Items: Simple court |
clothing, parchment,
pens, court seal

intrigued many Cainites,

but particularly the
Ventrue who led the court.

She sensed great potential

in youand persuaded your sire

to leave you with her, claiming
that you would serve as an
example of virtue in the court. Your
sire laughed at the obvious false-
hood, but eventually agreed. Both
he and the Ventrue knew she was
far more interested in your grasp of
politics and law.

CLANBOOK: SHLUBRI


FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGES»

Name: NATURE! Detender SIRE?
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Gatant GENERATION: 9%
CHRONICLE? CONCEPT/CASTE! Court Advisor HAVEN?
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength, @O000O0O0O $ Charismacimn @@@@OOO0O0 Perception @@000000
Dexterity. @@@00000 Manipulation_@@@00000 Intelligence_e@@e00000
Stamina @@000000 Appearance__@@@00000 Wits @@e@00000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting @@000000 AnimalKen_OO0000000 Academics @@e00000
Alertness @e@000000 Archery 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_OOO00000
Athletics, O0000000 Crafts 00000000 Investigation__@®®000000
Brawl. OO0000O0O0O Etiquette e@000000 Law @@000000
Dodge @@000000 Herbalism__O00000000 Linguistics @@000000
Empathy. OO0000000 Melee @@000000 Medicine 00000000
Intimidation__OQOOOOO0O Music @@000000 Occult 00000000
Larceny. o0000000 Ride @0000000 Politics @@e00000
Leadership @0000000 Stealth @@000000 Science. 00000000
Subterfuge @0000000 Survival OO0000000 Seneschal @0000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
wotic os
Auspex ss ®@@OO0000 @@®00000 Conscience aeene
Fortitude ___ ® 0000000 ees @@000000
Valeren (Healer) © 0000000 tomers @0000000 Self-Control @e000
OOOOO0000 Status Ss —«® ®@000000
00000000 00000000 _ Courage. @@e@00
== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
00000000 Chivalvy Bruised
00000000 im
eeeeeeeooo Hurt 2!
—— rs Wounded Zhe (al
auoonben ‘WILLPOWER mane a.
00000000 @@@e@@@@000 Crippled ae
S°000000 AnnoOnnAonoooo Incapacitated al
00000000 We
DOVGEVIVS Bioop Poo. Pee
O0000000 Cannot Refuse Plea for Help/
00000000 OOOODOOOODOOO  Canot injure Another without

OOO000000

BO EEE) Bal
UC 2 —~<_CHAPTER FIVE: THE HOSTS OF HEAVEN

Fe

Penalty


ye

)

—7 7 ~~<

—

Tue BATTLEFIELD HEALER

Quote: If you' re here to help, then please hold this man down
before he injures himself further. If you're here to gawk, then get
out of my way!

History: It was longer ago than you care to remem-
ber, possibly a few hundred years, when you were a youth
apprenticed to a doctor. You and he had heard rumors of
a great battle massing down on the south fields outside of
town, and as was custom, he took you down to watch from
a safe distance. Such observations were key to the profes-
sion, not only to learn how injuries were made, but also to
instruct you in what was being injured.

The safe distance didn't turn out to be so safe; the tide
of battle turned, and before you could run, your lord's
forces washed over you like a great wave. A second turn
in the tides of combat assured your side's victory, but by
the time you were able to search for your teacher, he was
long dead. As the moans of dying and wounded men
began to eddy around you, you did the only thing you
could think of — you took his bag of tools and set to work
with what knowledge you had. You worked long into the
night, and as you did so, you noticed a man in plain gray
robes also at work, and you thought him to be a doctor of
holy orders. Your paths crossed, and you had a chance to
see him work up close. No doctor you'd ever seen bore a
third eye in his forehead.

The Salubri who became your sire was impressed with
your skill, untutored as it was, and he decided to take up
where your teacher left off. You were only a few months
under the blood when he was murdered by the Usurpers,
and you were left without hope or protection. In despera-
tion, you offered your services to a band of Brujah warriors
as a healer in exchange for their protection. So far, the
arrangement has worked, but you worry about the night
when you outlive your usefulness...

Concept: Once you intended to become a mortal
doctor, but you were selected for greater things. So far,
you've managed to stay ahead of the hunts by making
yourself useful, but there's no guessing how long that safety
will last. Better arrangements must be found, and soon.

Roleplaying Hints: Brisk and efficient, you are far more
effective amid the heat and welter of battle than in the quiet
halls of monasteries and abbeys or the sickrooms of nobility.
In nightly life, you conduct yourself as a doctor of your time
should have — celibate, professional and attentive.

Items: Uroscopy flask, surgery tools, wine, water, herbs,
simple sturdy clothes

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI


NBOOK:

SALCGBRI

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGES»

Name: NATURE: Defender SIRE:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Caretaker GENERATION: 9+,
CHRONICLE? CONCEPT/CASTE! Battiefield HAVEN:
Healer
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SociAL MENTAL
Strength @®0000000 Charisma @©@@00000 Perceptionaran®@ @®®0000
Dexterity. @@@00000 Manipulation_@@000000 Intelligence__@@@00000
Stamina. @@000000 Appearance__@@®O000000 Wits @@e@00000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting QO0000000 AnimalKen_@@®000000 Academics @©@®@00000
Alertness @@®000000 Archery OO0000000 Hearth Wisdom_@@®e@00000
Athletics @0000000 Caafts @0000000 KInvestigation__@®000000
Brawl OOO0O0O0O0OO Etiquette 00000000 Law O00000000
Dodge. @@000000 Herbalism @@@00000 Linguistics. @0000000
Empathy. @@000000 Melee OOO00000O Medicinensw @©@®®0000
Intimidation__OO}OOOO00O Music @@000000 Occult @®0000000
Larceny 00000000 Ride 00000000 Politics. 00000000
Leadership. OOO0O0O0O0OO Stealth. 00000000 Science. O0000000
Subterfuge 00000000 _ Survival @@000000 Seneschal___ 00000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Zruspex A
@0000000 @@®@00000 Gpacience e66ec
Fortitude ___ @OOOO000 _ Retaners @@000000
Valeren Healer) @@OOOO0O0O OOOOOOOO Self-Control @ee@00
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 _ Courage @e0ee00
== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
00000000 Humanity Bruised O
00000000 oO
eeeee0eeooo Hurt l
00000000 Injured 41,0
OOO000000 ——— Wi ded 2) [el
WER ounde
o00000000 LPO Mantle Ep, (al
00000000 @@@ee8e8e88@0 Crippled ee opal
SOOC800S FAABE EO Ho Ela Incapacitated fa
00000000 Ww.
NE
00000000 Boop Poot, EAKNESS
OO0000000 Cannot Refuse Plea for Help/
00000000 OOOOODOOOOD Cant injure Another without

OOO000000

Ba Dee CMRP TER FIVE THE HOSTS OF HEAVEN
Pac EP caren :

LES

Penalty


su il
P|
*
oh
cs i
i
"
*
m


thavelitte knovoledge regarding if these
folk yet voalk the earth'Co muy kniovoledge,
all Ail dQ Het 3 admit my knovoledge is
not infallible. Ret it suffice to say that 3
pray that all those mentioned here, vwoith
one notable exception, have not yet gone
fo theic fisteat revoatrd


RAYZEEL

Though there is more of legend than of substance
to her now, I would be remiss not to mention the
redoubtable Rayzeel. This young woman of the far-
gone nights was said to have been a mortal slave who
attracted Saulot's attention with her beauty and her
skill at song, which moved Saulot himself to tears.
Some believe that he Embraced her out of love,
although many Salubri have denied this on the grounds
that Saulot had forever forbidden such Embraces.
Still, perhaps in Rayzeel's story we can find that which
made Saulot forever forbid such actions to his childer.
It is a mystery, and an intriguing one.

For whatever reason, Rayzeel did get Embraced.
She was a sister of Samiel, and one of Saulot's favored
childer. It was said that only she could rouse him after
the slaughter of the Baali Wars (which he adamantly
forbade her to take part in), and many times, she alone
tended him when he slipped into his trances. What
music of hers that survives is fragmented, but it shows
remarkable beauty and complexity of composition. The
discovery of any of her songs is considered cause for
celebration. When Saulot entered his final torpor, she
seems to have vanished altogether. This state of affairs
has led to endless speculation that she might have
joined him in torpor, or that she had met destruction.

Postscript — Recently, while | was in Salerno to
discuss matters with a mortal colleague, I heard a song
being sung by more than one of the street buskers. I
cannot recall all the lyrics, but upon my return to
Malta, I noticed that the style and imagery bore a
striking resemblance to one of the few complete songs
of Rayzeel's that I possess.

YHEL AND MATTHIAS

One cannot mention one of these souls without
the other, for Yael and Matthias have been as twin
lanterns set before a doorway for many years. She who
told me their tale said she hoped that both were still
hale, for should one lose the other, it would be the
worse for those who separated them. Recent tidings,
however, have given me much cause for fear.

Yael was born to a tribe of nomads who tended
horses in what would now be called the steppes of
Russia. As was custom among her people, she learned
to bear arms and achieved great skill with the bow. At
an early age (among the Salubri at any rate), she took
up the crusade against the infernal, and it was said she
made a great many journeys into dangerous places to
seek out knowledge of Evil's servants. One such
journey brought her into the path of Matthias, the son
of a weaver who took holy orders upon the creation of
a Benedictine monastery near his home. Matthias
followed the path of the healer and had achieved some
small renown before he met Yael. She came to him
seeking healing, and the two found a common cause
between them. He has since come to be her chronicler
and an advisor of sorts, as well as her constant companion.
Time and circumstance have conspired to tie these
two closely, and the rare rumor of impropriety between
them does occasionally circulate. So far, their efforts
have been solely confined to rooting out Baali and
Setite influence within the Church, but some believe
it to be only a matter of time before Yael begins to seek
out Usurper havens in addition to infernalist nests.


Nuriel is perhaps the greatest warrior who yet
remains to the Salubri. I have heard several times how
he was chosen, with each version of the story more
grandiose than the last. According to legend, he who
became Nuriel was a warrior dedicated to Mithras who
caught his sire's eye after they fought against each

other and the mortal showed great mettle. His
conversion and Embrace has become the stuff of
legend among many of the younger Salubri. All seek to
become "the next Nuriel."

There is an abiding hope among the warriors I
spoke to, and not a few others versed with the ways of
the warrior caste, that Nuriel might be the most likely
to assume a mantle of command such as the one Samiel
once bore. He, however, gave little credence to such
matters when I inquired of him. Like the fire for which
he is named, Nuriel would seem to be one of the
brightest lights in the darkness that seems to hem his
clan in these fallen nights.

Jacx-o-Daws

This crafty English rogue has begun to make quite
a name for himself among the libraries, and had he not
gifted me with some of his treasures, I should be less
inclined to speak kindly of him. How it was that he
came to the Blood I do not know, and he has not
spoken of his history to me, claiming that he wished to
spare his sire the embarrassment of knowing him.
Jack's greatest claim to fame is his habit of thieving
precious Salubri-related manuscripts and treasures from
the caches where their new owners had secreted them.
The Magisters have been particularly strident about
demanding his capture (they seem to be his favorite
targets), but each increase of the bounty on his head
seems only to spur him on to greater feats of daring. |
have no doubt that the Usurpers supply some sizable
portion of the reward for his death, for they too have
been victimized by his depredations. It is a pity that
Jack believes his sire to be ashamed of him, for he
seems fiercely loyal to his blood and serves it in his
own way.

APPENDICES


Anas ~ THE TRAITOR

I daresay this man, if man I may still call him,
competes with Tremere for the honor of being the
creature most hated by the Salubri, for he is said to be
the one who betrayed the coterie of warriors on their
mission into the Baali's den. Furthermore, he
reputedly survived the Baali Wars and continued his
foul works among others, advancing the cause of the
infernal Baali. Some even whisper that it was through
his intervention that Tremere was able to diablerize
Saulot. But at this point there is no atrocity, no crime
to which the name of the traitor is not attached.

In the oldest tales, he is nameless, or simply called
"the Traitor," but he was recently "gifted" with the
name of Ahab by some of the storytellers. He
continues to be a constant thorn in the side of the
clan, the bogeyman with whom elders frighten their
childer. I believe that there will be no surcease for him
until he is run to ground, whether by the warriors or by
their avenging angels.

God have mercy on his soul, for surely the Salubri
will not.

CLANBOOK: SALUBRI

alppendix Cio: 2!
Sistorical Mote,

of Interest fo
Scholars and
Slanderers

BEING A Fina WorpD SCRIPTED BY
SIMON BEN-Y BAKOV

The stu of Saudot and his Hilder is, in the end,
the study of curmor and mth Chose voho knove, or
knievo, the truth about SGaulot his studies and his
hilder ave vanished or furned to dust. Chose vwoho
kniove lies crovo them loudly The poor scholar is
deafened by theic cries, while the wise one firtds
hirnsetf at loose ends.

3 must concern myself, then, with cumors,
ancient ones, in this postscript.3 ambut alibearian.
WW callinig is to collect the wisdom of ages, and to
take it acailable to those others voho come calling
for it. It is not my place to speculate — merely to
collect, categorize and preserve.

That, perhaps, is volhy I hace cefeained until novo
from mentioning one tablet that fllintto tinheanids,
pethaps by accident not 10 years past 3 do not
kniow if itis authentic, though the carvings are in
the stile of Sumer and the stone itself seems to
have woecathered much Jd do notknove whosehands
delivered it to me, for even the manifestation of
my poveers nields little save images ofa stumbling
messenger. 3 do notknove whyit voas given fo me.
Pechaps my benefactor felt that story contained
on that tablet should be preserved for the ages, or
hidden from vievo. Or pechaps it is just a clewer
hoar, brought fo me fo trouble my dreams with
Sisions of the infernal.

Sor on this tablet, in the language of aland long
since gone fo dust is thestory of the creation of the
Gael. JE tells the tale 3 have heard many times
before, of hovo the last three survivors of a
Gasphernous tribe of Semorrworshippers voere
throvon into the well where they had throvon so
merry of their victime It tellshovo each v0oas drained
of Hood by @ Gainite stranger, woho gave unto
themin the vwoell just enough of his ovon vitae that
they might survive, and feed on the dotted
foulness that they svoam in, and grovo strong
enough? fo ascend the well and trouble the vwoorld

oOrsce rHore.


the story itself isanold one Ithasbeenrepeated
against the Gaaliat Chera cr dsevohere I thas been
cepeated by Salubri Dermorn hunters vith celigious
conviction, together with promises of cengeance
upon the head of that foolish Gainite who thus
spavoned the Gaali. Jt has coen been repeated fo
me by a lone aali, near unto destruction, who
wished his story told ere his masters laid daim
unto the Uackened hus of his soul, Indeed, the
tmoatked cigidity of the tale makes it stand out.
Other stories have changed and flowered over
time, but never this one. Alvoays, it has stared the
same, from cecitation to cecitation And hevcer, in
my many centuries of transcribing this tale, hace
2 ewer heard it told so that the name of the
mirsterious Cainite has been revealed. The only
due 3 have ever heard to his identity came from
that selfsame WBaali, vwoho stated that the
misterious stranger came ‘feom vohere the shy
had begun to lighten in anticipation of davon" Ge
cepeated that asa village priest might repeat Scrip-
ture, 6y cote with no understanding of what it
tight mean, and J dismissed it as such.

3 may, just possibly, hace been too hasty in
Soing so.

the tablet 3 have before me now cepeats that
selfsarme prease the Gaali used, near as 3 can tefl Jt
talks of the mysterious stranger coming upon the
tribe of dSemmortvoorshippers inhis travels west It

Jt calls hitm Gaulof.

3 thir 3 shall destrorn this tablet and prev for
forgetfulness. Clearly, this is some Cremere tric,
some attempt fo get me fo disacow all that 3
have thus far learned of Saudot and his hilder. 3
shall destroy the tatlet, and this record of itas well,
and history need never be troubled by such lies.

YOoulsd that 3 were so lucky.


FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGES»

4

Name: Nature: SIRE:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: GENERATION:
CHRONICLE? CONCEPT: HAVEN:
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength @e0000000 Charisma @0000000 Perception__@®0000000
Dexterity. @0000000 Manipulation_@o0000000 Intelligence__@eo0000000
Stamina @0000000 Appearance__@0000000 Wits @®0000000
AABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting O00000000 AnimalKen_OQOOO000 Academics OO0000000
Alertness 00000000 Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_oO0O00000
Athletics O0000000 Crafts 00000000 Investigation O0000000
Brawl. OO0O000000 Etiquette. Ooo0000000 Law 00000000
Dodge 00000000 Herbalism__OOOOO00O00 Linguistics O0O0000000
Empathy. 00000000 Melee 00000000 Medicine 00000000
Intimidation__OOOOO0000 Music 00000000 Occult 00000000
Larceny 00000000 Ride 00000000 Politics 00000000
Leadership OO0000000 Stealth, 00000000 Science 00000000
Subterfuge 00000000 Survival 00000000 Seneschal, 00000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS VIRTUES
00000000 00000000 Conscience/Conviction_0 00 00
00000000 00000000
OO0000000 OOOOOOOO Self-Control/Instinct_o 0000
00000000 00000000 (|
00000000 00000000 Courage___900000
—=— OTHER TRAITS RoaD HEALTH
00000000 Bruised O
OO0O000000 H 1 O
O0O0O0O000000 urt
00000000 Injured 1 QO
00000000 Ww Weander 2°00
=—— WitirowER = ounde
00000000 Mauled 20
00000000 OOO0O0000000 Grippled 5 O
90000000 AnnnnAnAonooOoO Incapacitated oO
00000000 =
AKNESS
00000000 Bioop Poot E
O0000000 Cannot Refuse Plea for Help/
00000000 ODOOOOOOODODD Cannot snjure Another without
oooooo00 OOOOOOOOOO Pe

Pa a 2 ee

a


eo >

CLANBOOK:

SALCIBRI

Merits & FLaws

MERIT TYPE COST FLAW BONUS
EXPERIENCE
TOTAL: TOTAL SPENT:
( GAINED FROM: SPENT ON:
A >} DERANGEMENTS DERANGEMENTS
v\) ; NAME NAME
‘a\
COMBAT
Weapon Difficulty] Damage | Conceal] Range | Rate | Strength | | BRAWLING TABLE
Maneuver Accuracy Damage
Bite 5 Strength +1
Punch 6 Strength
Grapple 6 Strength
Claw 6 Strength+2
Kick it Strength +1
Body Slam 7 Special; see Options
ARMOR:

ie
Bea

Gm 25)


EXPANDED BACKGROUND

ALLIES INFLUENCE
CLAN PRESTIGE MENTOR
CONTACTS, MINOR RESOURCES
CONTACTS, MAJOR RETAINERS

HERD STATUS

POssESSIONS
GEAR (CARRIED) EQUIPMENT (OWNED)
FEEDING GROUNDS TRANSPORTATION
HAVENS
LOCATION DESCRIPTION

Seen "ws


a

CLANBOOK:

SALUBRI

History

PRELUDE

TITLE

SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS.

APPEARANCE

Age

Apparent Age

Date of Birth

RIP

Hair

Eyes

Race

Nationality

Height

Weight

Sex

VISUALS

COTERIE CHART CHARACTER SKETCH


O0¢c1S

ETT bOS9S- I Nasi

SCNIN GYnlyW Yof sanyo jJfostury ojneg Aq uoppry doy sjoi99s oy],
‘SIBAA Teg oy) Jo ArOIsTY OU, «
SQUOW PUL SME] PUL SILIDJA] ‘s19MOd UAIOTA MON

(AUN dy) swWOdIag AdIg dy} |]RYS

‘JOMIJ IDAI MOIS JSISAI ULD OYA asoy} JO

Joquinu oy) pure ‘sioJopmut sjopnes Jo Arn oy) wos ayes sovyd ou st
a1oy_], ‘doing ssoioe payuny ore Liqnyeg oy) MON "IasUO] OU Ing ‘duo
tsoourid pur ssury 0} ssojeoy oom ADL, "OYE UID pur yeysow

) us AQ POJDAdI J19M ADU) 9DUG "IOPTIYO S,Jo[NVS JO} ayes st aIOyMON
Jodins) oy} JO MOP oy) Sy IY
