# File: Clash of Wills.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

R VAMPIRE 4

A spORY


BY STEVE MILLER


CrepITs
Author: Steve Miller
Developer: Justin Achilli
Editor: Eid Hall
Art Director: Lawrence Snelly
Layout & Typesetting:
Interior Art: Leif Jones
Front Cover Art: Dan Brereton
Front & Back Cover Design: Robby Poore

Robby Pore

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
& SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproxluction withoutthe written permissionof
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
poses of reviews, and blank character sheets, which may
be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vam-
pire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage
the jon are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Aéon, Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith theOblivion, Changeling the Dream-
ing, Werewolf the Wild West, and Clash of Wills are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages isnot a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-
ters and themes. All mystical and supematural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

butp:/wwww.white-wolf-com;alt gamesavhitewolfand
ree.games‘tp storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

SpEcIAL THANKS To:

Michelle "Passive Resistance" Prahler, for wishing to die
before she killed anyone.

Robby "Young, Thin Elvis" Poore, for teaching the insand
‘outs of guitar chords to one who should have never leamed.

Justin "Fat, Old Elvis" Achilli for taking his guitar chord
knowledge and using it for evil.

Matt "Seung Mina" Milberger, for schooling the uniniti-
ated with modesty in Soul Blade.

Ethan "We Could Leave Out the Verbs" Skemp, for
‘making skilled incisions to Wild West.

Auruor's Speci THANKS
Special Thanks to Mike Oldfield for Tubular Bells 2, 10
which much of Clash of Wills was written.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION: How To UsE THIS Book

Act ONE

Acr Two

Acr THREE

Dramatis Personae: A Cast oF CHARACTERS


Vio moral system can vest solely
on authority.
— GA Gyee,  Durtenist Outlook

this poy is intended for Storntetl-
es ons at pou ace a player in a

Specie , 8 inttend to assume
the vole o fa cacter in re stor
prt it doven, 1 Pempice,
is st annie o ee oe and dis-
covery of the unknoven as much as
cong ease. You should not cheat
once Storyteller or wr fellove
yoges theopy: dredaa) © disco~er
a, as it unl


There are many different ways to use this supplement.
Individual Storytellers know the needs of thei teoupes far better
than any author ever could. Storytellers need to decide which:
elements of Clash of Wills would be interesting co their troupes,
ancl emphasize those over things thac don't fit the play style in
question, Storytellers also need to decide whether they want to
use che tory as written, or scavenge itforideasand characters to
use in a story or chronicle of their own devising. Regardless, it
can'cbestressed enough that the Storyteller may need tochange
some things when running Clash of Wills. To make this
supplement work, Storytellers need to make it their own. Atno
point should the plot in these pages override the Storytellers
own sense of the dramatic, or his knowledge of the troupe. For
this reason, Storytellers are encouraged to read this book from
start to finish before actually running it. Possessing an overview
oftheaction willallow the Storyteller‘opresentamore coherent
session for the players. The Golden Rule of storytelling games
applies here — use what you like and throw out the rest!

ForMaT

Clash of Wills roughly follows the three-act structure
prevalent in plays, television programs and movies, and even
some novels, and certainly in most novel erilogies. in ActOne,
‘we meet all the major characters in the story, chough some of
them manipulate pawns from behind the scenes. In Act Two,
thesituation gets aboutas bad for the protagonistsasit possibly
could, and in Act Three the characters must rise to various
challenges or suffer defeat at the hands of their opponents.

Although storytelling games have much in common with
other dramatic media, this genre has the distinction of being an
interactive one. The Storyteller and the players are creating the
story in collaboration with one another.
scenes that builds to a climax. The scenes themselves, however,
are broken into smaller segments that give the Storyteller an
overview of what's happening in each scene, thus making the
ler sections are as follows:
es that unfold

adventure easier to run. The st
Plot: Thissection outlines the story elem
inthe scene.

Setting: This section describes key points of the scene's
location, so the Storyteller can better capture the mood of the
Charactes
about characters

This section gives the basic information

nd creatures who appear in a scene. Their

key personality taits and goals are mentioned here.

Drama: This section illuminates the heart of the scene.
ledescribes potential interactions between players' characters
and Storyteller characters or even just the setting, and the
likely resolutions of these encounters.

Outcome: This section outlines the consequences of the
scene, based on what the author assumes to be the most likely
actionsofthe characters itfearues, suggestsencounters that the
Storyteller must ad-lib, and tells what scene is likely to follow.

When Clash of Wills ends, Storytellers and players may
notice that several plot threads are left dangling, and certain
story elements are nearly undeveloped. This was an inten-
tional move on the part of the designer. The object was to
provide Storytellers with enough fuel for the imagination to
expand this story beyond che 40 pages you are currently
reading. This book can offer a stand-alone story, its plot
threads can be tied into the troupe's ongoing chronicle, or it
can he used asthe starting point for an entirely new chronicle.

SETTING

Clash of Wills takes place entirely in the fictitious
County of Galere, whose adjacent geography is purposefully
kept vague in order to make this book useful to the greatest
number of Storytellers. The author assumes the lands of Galtre
to be located between London and Nottingham in England.
However, with a little work on the part of the Storyteller, this
story can take place practically anywhere.

The story takes place around 1197. England is till recov-
ering from a long war of succession, during which the nobility
became unruly and defiant, and their lands emerged more
independent of the king than ever before.

The intricate Norman legal system has disintegrated in.
the decades leading up to this adventure, but the Church
remained neutral in the conflict and thus stands as one of the
few remaining stable institutions. As such, the importance of
the Church grows, and so does its power.

Behind the scenes, Cainites patiently manipulate the con-
sequences of mortal power hunger. The Ventrue put their
support behind the faction striving to put King Henry Il on the
throne, and they eventually win the day. However, Richard the
Lionhearted proves to be a problem, so the Ventrue begin
scheming to place his brother, John, on the throne instead. Inthe
meantime, the Toreador continue to arrive on the British Isles,
increasing their numbers there. They all but seize control of
England's Church. By threatening God-fearing nobles with
‘eternal damnation for their sins and by offering absolution in.
retum for these nobles' lands and worldly possessions when they
die, the Toreador increasingly expand the Church's wealth and
power base. Other clans, such as the Brujah, control one or more:
British cities, and they tooare hoping to seize a part of Britain for
their own during these tumultuous times.

In Clash of Wills, immortal plots collideasa corrupt lord lies
dying and the Cainites converge to seize what power they can.

Tue PEOPLE AND PLACES OF GALTRE

The County of Galereisa forested land that is bisected by
twostreams, each flowing fromaspring-fed lake atthe county's
heart. A low, seemingly endless stone wall surrounds the land.
It encitcles the county and runs along the King's Highway,
which cuts through Galere. The walls mark the testitories that
are under the complete and total control of the earl and his
duly appointed sheriffs, troops and regulators,

INTRODUCTION


The carl's seat of power is Millstone Castle. Built by the
current earl's forebears, the walls surrounding the central
fortified tower are roughly a decade old. Like many other
nobles in this time of uncertainty, Edmund, the Earl of
ho has concerned himself more with his
the welfare of England or with

Galtre, is a man
own hold on power than wit
the serfs wh
Galtre is dotted with peas
typically house ewo adults and a

dren, dictated by the whims of the woma
ters survive their first year
ome livestock, these
t night, both to
mals safe from the

end his lands
nt cottages and small fields.

number of cl
fruitfulnessand

nd to keep the

ive in the forest.

Ven peasants are not working their fields, the center of
is the village of Redford. The estate's mill, tannery,
smithy are here, as well as the Maiden of the Mist Inn. The
tsofa dozen buildings. All are built from stone, and

we thatched roofs. A
lage, and a tree-lined
Redford's edge.

ids at the heart of the
path winds ies way from here to the gravey,

CLASH OF WILLS

The Maiden of the Mist Inn standsat the edge ofthe road on
the outskirts of Redford. A painted sign depicting a golden-haired
‘woman in ared dress hangs above the door. Tendris of white mist
‘wrap around her as she beckons passersby to step inside. Like most
business signs during this time period, there is noname painted on
the sign. The vast majority of locals can't read
picture serves adequately for those trying to locate the inn, even
those who have never been to Redford before. It issmall inn, with

ghtroomson the second floor. The inn

messengers who

gather in the common room to gossip and exchange news over

during late aftemoon and early evening

gan tosense hisown mortalityyand
tofearforhissoul. Father Lucien found himself accepting the first

confessions from the eatl in years. The enormity and variety of

ked Lucien to the very core of his soul

earl had not craficked with demons, there was notone

!s Commandments that he hadn't broken innumer
fashion. Buritwascleartharthe


soul. Lucien contacted the diocese, which decreed that the
step toward Galtre'ssalvation wouldbe forhimtofund construc
tion of a monastery on his land.

Craftsmen employed by the earl completed construction
‘ofthe monastery within a year, at great expense to the county
treasury. It was named in honor of St. Christopher, in hopes
that the saint of travelers would watch over the earl along the
path to etemal salvation. However, as the monks took up
residence in the monastery, something sinisterjoined them: A
member of Clan Toreador named Remus secretly took up
residence in the monastery. He quietly fed upon the monks,
and made many of them his ghoul servants. Remus even
ghouled Father Lucien himself.

Remuscame to the County of Galtre to ensure that the earl
leaves all his lands to the Church, and, through that honored
institution, to Clan Toreador — which controls the archbishops
asfiemly as Clan Ventrue controls the Norman lordsin London.

the Church remained stable during the war, the Torea.

rue. However, Remus knew that he had to act with care, If
clans discovered the Toreador attempt to take control of
Galtre, everythi
His caution was futile, however. Other poweful Cainites
began to suspect that one of their kind was exerting undue

he'd built could be lost

influence upon the dying Earl of Galtre (the definition of
"undue" being "contrary to the best interests of the clan 10
which they belong.")

The Prince of London (or some other powerful Cainite, if
you choose to set Clash of Wills outside England) sends the
players' characters to Galtre, in hopes of swaying competitors
to his point of view. Should they fail in that mission, the
characters' orders are co take ition, and, if

necessary, to destroy it

ie cage

ROSS, |S)



VOhecein the characters accive
in the County of Galtce, and
become embroiled in the plots
and schemes of both local
mortals and others who like the
coterie, have come to Galtce
with secret agendas,


-onuos ano sapun
Ajeuay st yoryas — wmoury ays Ag pastas aq 20 Uos A[UO sty] or
ssed saypio p]nom spe] os0q 2] gous0UrUL est xyse "wIa>U0De
9q 10 pjnom xp "AypeuON BuLAp st aNeD Jo [Beg MULL,
suafin sow s9nseW & UF LHIY 24F9s 02 Lasoo axp NOK S190
Aqosay oy "uopuoy Jo soutig 'seanpayy Jo asanbor 94 ae 9194
azeno Aaynuaiiur pu yppjsnos Aq possaudun ase ay pnoad sous
ano4 op ows azjqoue 01 soneuodU. Fuyjquuny Hoy SsxsIoKE NOs
poypren aavy | pue siapj2 424 ‘BuNLUOD 10} NOK UCL,
"syeads pue preauoy sueay sejoypiyy "Apeuty (-9u9109
yp Gurunwexa s1 ay sv Apuanun se sejoupiny HupuRMEXd yu 01
suey zonseseyp v J uornenas axp dn se9]9 ayBnu xadsmyy $0 2579)
20s Aayp ump aysiu siaroeney> atp SuoLOUID Z9y0s9A91e498 PUR
"luv on prs 01 BurpeuDus wos} yEYs 01 Was UORSOAdSD SeOU!N,
yeu smopeysoyp ‘2ane|duroios pue asea west ay ysnoup|y ‘peat
‘on appoyprp vowssaudxe s1y Tupjews "wry punowe je 29uep soypue>
Suan jo spapuny dq porearewopeys auf SiarDeIEy> 941990
Stuxdhans acu jfunenaucd sty rey sty un aj{qouut §pse9u sus sey
-o\pN "92u9}19jqeuoyWO.uN Ut aouaypHe atp JosoINUTL D,ASIY
yp puds Aotp SeOUPIN La. RAUSHDENYD ap RURUNSSY
‘tera 40) uonisas awooIng ays 295 —
ployun jjasaysi Aaoas ayp ayos.souuad yp asnyou so.oesEYD
24 J120 ‘Kea siyp MOY siuBA2 pjnoys "pare>y}diuo> azo 198
sSuigp uopuo7] aay sntp pur my Yate i9Dw Lose Aayp a10}>q
poyoods 198 dayp pynoyg "auryo ,sejoysiyy adaooe Aaya jt
aos sitp Ynonp stoisesey ay apm o2 9‘se9 $1] s9AdMOT]
‘qyop1as0 01 10U Jryaseo ag 01 spadu J9y]akL0Ig BY] way 92s
on saysia sojoypy Aya noge Sunpou yeads suorururs, sound
dup Suraey Aq suriiog 1 se uorsuar uanysioy weD so] ordI0g
YL ssvunodUa HuLAe|dajor e ApoEAss| auD9ssH "SPLaP]
WNwAT
"sBjOypIN 02 pions woYs &
sinoutp wotp jodu0 Sjpene s]noys ayp FE PUE ZaAdMoY asUIY
Fuypypam oust peypsounss sound ay | -Aeyayp urof pur aBiawe
sinoys axp ‘seoypiy, apene siorexeyD oup Pinoys "Ansader
pulp sun spuentApog Noy anoj ‘ouope pue powueun
sujoeaey ayy Sunoour Ajnuaredde st sejoy>IN ysnouTY,
soodsousip ssou8 J0u Sypnsur Yoyo
opiqe yang ‘sroroeseyp yp yim som o2 stuTEM IE TJOAK Se
Jasgp ssuueauas dseuuids, somsd ay joauose SejOyI!N,
-xlomg jo soured ayo a4p1 Suowe ng UE sty Jo sourduIES
ay} Suoue sjuo1ousmels yiy yp annua, est ay pue *wopuOT,
yo a0uL4g atp st sep TesseA s1 OY PUL PID] st Os 2080}
02 saiouityp v SO]]E JADU SeOYPIN "Os "sud ay ards
‘or siues ays aztear soy pereyp e aye On adUiosAY puw aeUTWO,
jo Azoasew sty Suysn aAoge JOU 8} 2}] "TM 99y) UNO sty OM
‘fuuds wispisnupiu asoysn ‘4}RUNy IL S9A19S OYA aUO Se BALDANE
se tou st 9uuas ou} passoud UOIUNH PK MOU or YBNOUD
sia pur plo st 9} "AjeUNjOA aoutad ayp aAzas 02 tuoKp STU
¥[OGIIN
sue >|siny & jo Aary HuyBes a4 Uo so>4ed SeJOYDIN P9880 Jf 24,
orsiues ay uaya — Anjnudd jo woneayuosiad Az9a aup pue
apjnonue Turwreyp st pf "FHay!s puE pjo8 jo Auppmaf yryaiser

padsars

3p] Storoeseyp ayp yates zur perpu0d v sidop\

STHA\ dO HSWID

iim paiussoe pue sy>"q pue sper wioyy and "uorysey as020]
yp jo soupopo Ur sassaup oY WEL aUIOSpuEY est 9} (UORNEDID
uo 2944 Jo auODLOS PEA UN 990]daI2,UsDOP 19]]>A{UOIg 4p
Sununsse) auaos sj yo raz esey> pasnaeaj aya st SeOy>!N,

SUALOWAMHS,

‘uvjd s,pog un aoejd sadoud

‘iy aapisto pue zayjej 01 a1ure snojje> as0UH aYp2 UDAd 2

aeyp padesmod jam

‘up wo s0H191 Jo Yoo] aN | "TyTH }aReF, sued] osnuawour eu
xp sioidap af ‘sejoysaN Pulyoq |e axp Jo Yppearg pur yu}
‘yp si2a09 Aassades aajsseuu Vy "S>yeUS Jo s]rypUeY tps sem
Sunuaopod puv supys snourumypoa BuyseaN UaWIOM poUti0sog
-oieq pur juedures usw papeay-jnq kag oneupy oy
4josaunayno quatoue ays (sioa2eseyp pare anpa A] yBIYy 20}) 9400
deyp Aaemers paw soso) soimaeay Joquuey> ox], so]puE>
uusayotyj Jo spoupuny Aq 21} woor parynea afae} & ‘raquuey>
‘20uaIphe sty ut so19usey> ays soaraza1 9} "OpUOr] Jo 49400 |,

up yiwsu9g pULssqe] 9199s e UIEPUA st UDAEY,SP|OYD!N,
ONLLIAS
wayp wodn passos9q,
souoy 2yp [enba spaap stay Ysnoup se 99} 02 ‘posuayTey
'9q 01 paou siokeyd aup ‘pasn aq pjnoys pury yap v ‘s1a1201e4>
‘au jo ssazons ayp aunsua 01 1a}jauuors ay 4g parejndiwews og,
pinoys saimuaape asaya yo autoaano atp ysinoupy y "siaxoeseYD
|UD UE isn saouLd oY uEAEA od YNoUD a]qeyEUIEI 9g

pynoysar ‘soyea aamauDape Goronpomul ys UO ORIYA
‘opnyoud atoy wt
uontione sepypy sung parsed osje aavy Avur sian2c1ey>
yp ‘faroyjduns 20g -suowtuns sound ayy puarxa voy pur
‘{jjenpnipur suose2eyp ayp ism auUtED jnpsomodayp onusse.
{ypiyss uy sakeyd ypeo yuu oMeuars au0-t10-au0 v uN E> 94s
<dgorewiayje Baqiesor suaiserey> axp sung 2eyp aposida A102
-ahponuy ur asaap ues 9}jar4i01g 9up ‘dnoas poryrun v Apeaye
Jou aze siisesey> siadeyd axp 3] -sapstuoMy> [enprarpur ut
_96n9 9p 9g Ajtaessozou 1oU Ae sIyp saaamop{ aeID08 ame)
‘uy sioyjeys Pu SI9A0W Jo UORUDNE ay poIENIE YD |e
40 speap paunopiad aaeq Aoup vet pu ‘o1s0109 e ut oyRo8}ON

Apeayye aze suaigeieyp ayp souinsse aua2s siya *Apsno1aqQ)
lumas quazayip ¥ asooy> ays
plnoys s9jpu aurdures soxpoue ypu sexy Soejdon we 3912
Sup ‘ostayy] eisexey> wyp yatas sopoyDIN, 20ejdou
‘oa preyye 9q 20u pjnoys ays usteduess ayjauiorg axp UI SASSI
Apeasje anny jnjtoaod v jf ss909ns ut pus worsen a19Up PINOYS
spremar jo Aaja ¥ saspword sejoy>IN 2IeD jo ALUNED,
‘yp 01 aum09 ay2 Saye YP OSH e Yar WIAD s9*EYD
apy "Aad ayp Jo uanay ayy Iw UaPpR] qUIEYD o2 siarDeILY
IAI 02 UU

not] Jatyp se sates oye onaiua [ramod e 'Se|OYDIN

Lod
NOISSININOD,
3H XN 3

‘yp SuOWUNS "UopUOT] Jo s>UHY ap


"However, certain events have come to the prince's
attention, events that indicate Cainites acting contrary to the
interests of London might be attempting to manipulate the
earl and others in his service

"There are members of Clan Toreador who wish to
challenge Ventrue authority here in Britain and they areusing
the Church todoso.Itisalsosaid thatthe Prince of Nottingham
wishes to expand his influence and base of power. Rumors
have it
the will of our prince.

"This will not do. The lands of Galere m
the control of London. Prince M

in. We would that it re-

‘one or more Cainites now hunt in Galtre, against
‘ome under

thrasis the strongest ruler in

"Thus, Ibid you to go—go
forth toGaltre and uncoverany
Cainite ion there. You Jan

go with the authority of Prince
Mithras, and you act in his ACARI.
name. Uphold the Traditions a
and stop ourenemies rom gain-
ing the upper hand, and you
will be generously rewarded.
Should additional news come

icters have

Robin Lee
for his protection, Le
to our attention, we will send a
servant to meet with you in potential Ventru
Galtee. Further, while itis our
hope that whatever you find in
Galtse will be within yourcapa-
bilities to address, it wll noc be
a stain upon your honor if you

to make some

characters find thi

returnto London foraid, should OM

youdiscovera foe possesses over-
whelming force id the char:
"You will each be granted a
should easily reach Galtre by
dawn. I shall also supply you
with a letter of introduction from a mortal in our thrall. He is
hhoisaged and frail. Thisletcer
dians who might otherwise wish

anoldacquaintance of Galtre,

should get you past any gu:
to keep you from the earl."

Unless the characters press the issue, servants appear at
the far end of the audience hall to escort the characters from
Nicholas' presence. They supply the characters with the letter
of introduction and take them through an underground tun
nel to stables a few streets away from the Tower of London.
Bold characters may wish tonegotiate with Nicholas over,
the nature of their rewards before leaving for Galtre. Assum-
sive, Nicholas reminds them
hey should simply accept the
Should the charac-

ing the characters are not off
that proper manners dictate
prince's charge and discuss rewards later.

Oops...

Shoulda physical confrontation develop between
is and the characters, the story may still
unfold almost exactly as written (with minor modi
oryteller weights the combat so the
chance to
afterward that only one Cainit
even dare extending his protection over the fug
d, Prince of Nottingham. In exch:
1d, who is also interested in
Galtre, sends the characters on a
manipulation of events in the
county. If things go this way
modifications to Lady
rs later in the story. As written, she
who is trying to secure Galtre for her cla
nselves in the service of
, the Storyteller ca
and her contingent to be a party of Ventrue, orhe can
ters to support her efforts ther
Wilfred, a Ventrue ghoul who also ap;
the story, becomes a Brujah ghoul assigned to assist
arin and the player char:

ters persist, Nicholas grows annoyed by their presumptuous:
ness, but says he will entertain any reasonable demands on the
prince's behalf. The
cemed, are the following:

© A character may create one ghoul.

imits of reasonable, as far as he is con-

© A character may Embrace a favored ghoul,
* A character may Embrace a loved one who is already
aware of the existence of Cainites.

* The characters, as a coterie, may govern Galtre in the
name of London. If the characters demand this, Nicholas
reminds them once again of the Traditions, and of the

ainite forcesactivein Brit-
ain. Heattemptstodissuade
the characters from this
experienced enough to as
sume such roles in Cainite
society. If they insist, he
grants their wish,

Additionally, Nicholas

points out that the fine
horses they will be rising

ape, they may learn
s powerful enough to

are already gifts from the

RANI prince, Further, simply ac-
MRNRIMEE cepting this mission earns
the characters the good will
storytellers simply ne
PARMMMOME of the Prince of London

aBruj
should the

Nicholas does nc
gotiate price with the
characters. He either ac
RAPESEED cepts or refuses any rewands
theyask for, Should a char
acter try to bi
MEE Nicholas replies
notamarket place, and you
are not merchants."
Further
causesNicholasto orderthe

dickering

characters from his sight,
anger lashing in his eyes. He gives them one last chance to
accept the charge in retum for the horses and what he
te reward

con speaking with Pris

himself receive Nicholas' word of honor that

considers an adeqi
Characters who in

authorityofthe Prince ofLondon. Ifthey inss,
them that the prince isimpressed with the char
doesnothave timetoseeancillse. Any suggestionsthat Nic
is teying to sec up the characters or is going behind the
back are met with a gale of laughter, followed by the obser

that the character will go far in Cainite so

Nicholas gives his word of honor that he is

prince' fll authority. Should characters continue to question

hishonesty or authority, Nicholas grows angry. (Characters who

ACT ONE


have spent any time at all in London know Nicholas to be
Mithras' most solid and trusted lieutenane and supporter.) He
ordersthe charactersaway, or in the direst ofsituations,dolesout
a drubbing. His bodyguards rush out to assist him, should their
services be needed.

OuTcoME
The most likely outcome of this scene is that the charac-
ters embark on their trip to Galtre. They may delay their
departure by aday or owo, ifthey wish, burany longer and they
an expla-

After traveling for most of the night, the characters reach
Galtre. A low, never-ending wall s King's
Lands. ThecharactersfollowaroadbranchingofftheKing'sRoad,
and find themselves riding through an ever-thickening forest

The first structure the characters encounter is a small
peasant cottage. Although there isat leastan hourbefore sunrise

sound this cottage. As the characters approach

n ride away, following the road deeper into the

zhingloudlyasthey,o. A young woman, jillLetherder,
stands at the door. She weeps soundlestly

If the characters pause to ask Jill what is weong, she first
attempts to downplay the tears. However, the slightest hint of
kindness on the part of a character prompts her to reveal that
‘Warden DuBois has been trying to force her to sleep with him
and his men, fill tells the characters that they are an hour's
hard ride away from the village of Redford, but she offers
shelter to characters who have shown sympathy for her plight.

SETTING
The County of Galtte is sparsely populated and heavily
forested near its boundaries. The lig

Jills
entrance and no windows
kept stands behind it. F
against onc of the cottag
need of mending. Inside, the cottage consists of a single room

with a floor of

CHARACT

The featured character of this scene is ill Lefthender. She
is 19 years old and has brown hair and green eyes, Jill is
beautiful both in body and spirit. She is devoutly Christian,
and wants desperately to keep her virtue. However, Warden


DuBois' advances are becoming more forceful, and he has
hinted that he will harm her young brothers if she does not
give herself to him.

Her three brothers — Peter, Paul and Simon — are quiet,
dark-haired youngsters ranging in age ftom five to seven. They
have learned that strangers can be dangerous, and that it is
rportanttoremain invisible around people who carry weapons.

Drama
As the characters follow the road into Galtre, the Story-
teller shoutd ery to play up the shifting shadows of the forest in
such a way that the characters might think they are being
paced bysomethingamid the trees. While nospecificencoun
ter is planned as part of the scripted adventure, Storytellers
may pit the characters
gthisstretch ofshadow-haunted
ines have plans of their own f
(Statistics for young werewolves can be fo
se 248 of Vampire: The Dark Ages.)
rrive in Galtte, the characters hear
men laughing ahead on the road. The path bends, and they
catch sight of a small cottage. Five men sit on horseback in

e of their number — a balding man whose physique has

J to slip with the onset of middle age — makes an

exaggerated gesture of farewell toa dark-haired woman stand:

ing at the cottage door. She has a blanket wrapped tightly

around herself. He says, "Consider my offer, Jill. You will learn
that we can make you hear the angels sing."

The other riders laugh uproariously, and the group spurs
itshorses and gallops down the road. The young woman leans
against the door frame and slips to the ground, drawing her
knees up uncler the blanket and resting her forehead on them.

The riders are Warden DuBois and his men. If the
characters call out to DuBois and his men, they are ignored.

The characters may approach fill to discover the meaning of
what they've just wimnesed. She remains motionless, with herhead
clown, until the characters either stop in frontofher cottage or walk
pan ackdres her (merely siding by does not gamer a reaction),

Love iN Boom
je that a Toreador may fallin love
uty. The Storyteller may wish to oper

er portraying such a
his.

rolls — the Storytellern
ask Toreador characters to make Willpower checks,
for which botches cause the Cainite to fall in love with
Jill —it serves the story and the characters betterif the
Storyteller simply lays the groundwork for potential
roleplaying situations. The players can then follow

ACT ONE


‘siapeseyp ayp 205 21q e dn sump
x1 01 Suen isnf so]porhuoIg yp jt 20 ‘uoMUARE sypIUg
yp Janummg sigeme siaeeYD atp 02 parej>s aBeypta ax ur
audao awos jt aysiu ayp uy ama Jay Yoor I~ wowDp pay
sn] ‘Surfuup-poojg & anoge Sunues dn smoys yf 31 ‘28ey]14
‘9yp un pooj on Sundwiane ays A|qesasiu prey siarseIey> ax0u,
40 240 jt n290 puoypay punoze 30 UL JaTUNODUD POU

LOI

(JHNOLLEQ)

HLING 3H] SNH INAS
FIWODLNQ,

‘aBeai09 say Ut aSaz 02 Slogng] WAIN Surpeap ut djay say parayo
ae 304 Ue Aqpoorst en pepo jo aya

STHA\ dO HSW1D

"jasaa oumes up uo sfnpaay amuTeg axtssaoons yo synsar
sop 3 ays aeIp aeTUBODDE 02 (¢ AAINDYHP) SOA 329
+ wondroo oyeur seu srafeyd ‘swoxduuss axp SqLDsOp a4 Sy
<oupouuod ens ato Sue on papuodsaz uanns804f JO YON 3
sup soyses 1 woy porp siueseadl uazop e AyyBnor wtp Ajuo SwoU
nf suaned soy pouey> reap ,s9aay, 242 NOqE PauONSNb J
(ApSurpsooze passaap paapun axe Sup jt
squosajqouaq on wayp saunsse ays‘owi0y 294 y>eoadde ou op
sranse1ey> atp j]) SHIByp se aUy sesasI0Y YIM sHOUOWIIOD U9Ds
spx2uise4ays se sost0y tou woysstuors UoRdumNsse JO} 29Ue
-readde statp yo sopprfioa Soeur ays yor "Anyiqouays jo axe
soyp uondumnsse s yf 4q popures aq aystur sso 9e1e4> 94,
_-spiopiu *djpy poe | ‘oseaq {sBuupjoy uno anos 02 NOK
quis 'our Aygissod pure ‘staxpoug Str 9Ye2 2 NOK MOLE 01 UHIY
aoutauos ued nos sdeysag sspeyag Aus uo pea up yp yeodsor
Buyin aq nos pjnopy,, ‘Ase S|feuy ayg Peay JOY Ut SwHI0} EOP!
cup "1yBipd x94 Jo srrserey> aH yPeEUIAS s]]91 aYS se LOADMOL]
-kauno> aypj0 rauso> 1uerstp e UL TydOrsAYD "2g Jo A1orseUOPY
‘yp ajing Spruanos ed axp aounIs "yunycy ayp Woy aWO> [96
aouerstsse ou ume Ha9 st ]pF{ "eur don s,}289 aup st slogng,
uum 07 azoymout
>aey | "pud sata Aut 1e Ws "oguoHed aso] 02 SurUUTBag st
srogng] uapre jy pury ‘adoy aso] 01 TuyuunBog we [ng HUF
Aaaao aouer9atjap 104 poo 01 ded J, -wef x94 WOH MuNyTEy pur
sojpayp say] Uaop Buy|for sieor oyp "ure 19 02 sUIB9q |
<esiatpiong Aum "prom axp ta ystay | sunyp Joqpo oayp oy
4yo 9 go! o2 puanuy days a} repuuans 3,uop 1 #1 pury ‘ama Aur
Spjiom siga uy ystoys 01 ya] aaWy J SURE aay ax JO auO Jo aus
ora ue fqu0 day. ‘3U4 pam o1 aisap Aue aaey tkioyp jo auOu
pq uouisiyou uae aqdews pue ‘wry 02 sjasduadas5 pynoys yp
quem 2p] "soyp019 AU Ing ‘9 AJUO IU pauarearyp sey ay ‘AIL
{40 "2 pressor sooueape ynpsny pure spesodord A1osesun HuPyeU
‘ubag sey Stogng] uBpae,y ‘9]Ys ayp [fy "@Np sty J3eO aup dass
[pum saagasino paay pyno am os pay 4No puna 02 as9q ano Bu1op
1u2aq 24,34 "syONg aan Aur dn sung o2 YP] sea] ‘OS,
sueyd wast stpy jo used
‘up0q 9A8q] nur sueap sFay,L aYsineU 40} axom suakead Aang
‘peaisu au aye2 02 ssaunpp¥s a4p 20} p07] Pook ayp 02 paged |
porp daxp jruun aysiu Surssed ypea yates za]ed pur 29429 204
asn{ Aaup uot pur ‘Auppeoy 219m Aatp ‘Aep 2UQ -o]qHI0Y sea
ay, shes ays , Suuads siyp 2949) a4p Jo paip sitaxed Ay,
"ava onampedanss ©
‘wep a20ur Sunpou spaau pu sypuous may ase] 942 105 suOpING
aeau8 rapun Aauayts pazays sey ay "19y 02 dn suado Apy>inb>
Inf ‘uonearasqo 40 uous HEypeduuss Aysno1ago awos
{PIM wonesiaato> ayp seas 191 9weYD € P]NOYS 19AINOH
‘uesead eyosuiaygoxd ayp ing SuMpoN "POU yJasiMog se Yans
Syjojor ui20u00 joSumtpon,%‘stasuodsax 94 ‘9}qutwaxd 40AuoW
aap Aue orp HiuowM SF IeYN YEP se SIINIEYD o4p
gious aos ui sdiys4pey pur sdiyspro]
sno asisse | ec "ypeoudde nox sway aupip pue ysnoup
a ur aso] Sea J, 39Y PuNoie sox UE IOIYBH IxUEIQ,


nuel either witnesses a feeding or some other

activity and alerts Father Lucien to the

re, oF Jill comes to h

to Millstone Castle. In eithe
dor master, t

cakes the

the character who

SETTING
The location can vary
take place somewhere in o

Cuaracters

Together with Father Lucien, he destroyed the
fled into the night. Sadly, his son die.

‘Samuel has been watching for othersuch foul ereatu
the night ever since, despite the vigilance of Redford'
FatherLucien. Samuel hascollected

cctually be aseriou
around the county know Samuel as a fair and
levelheaded m: hough everyone recognizes his brood-
ing steeak since the death of his son.

Drama

Samuel attempts to catch Jill

day. This isa loosely formarted er
at virtually any time or

Outcom:

rytellercandecide
whe el ha wow-how to destroy that character
have serious impact on a
ould think

destroyed.

permanently. A. characte
corytellers.

Storyteller should give other mem-

maybedrama
if his comrades fail to save

tum his attention to the rest ofthe cot
theyarevampi

hould a
body, the v
will become impossib
holds dangers of its own. If the smith simply vanishe
will be conducted and hunting difficulties increase by one as

nty re thrown intoan uproar. Huntin
anywhere but in che castle — which
a-search

Samuels wife, Mary, insists something foul happened to him,



YOherein the characters reach the
art of Gattees castle, speak voith

SyHing mer meet aloe positig as a
friend and find both theic loyalties
and their persons under assault


Millstone Castle consists ofa three-story stone tow.
point of the roof. The castle's main keep isa drafty bui

repsingly common, the earl has yet to use any of it
‘exterior wall: the stable for V

stable boy is always on hand.

surrounded bya
‘with arrow slits for windows. Although
his ancestral home. A wood

irden DuBois and his mounted assessors. It also houses the earl

STLE

one wall. Thereisa chimney at each compass,
ass is becoming,

structure is built into the main

swarhorse. A young,

Guards do not patrol the wall, but the gate is closed at night. Heavy knocking and loud shouts will bring someone

from the tower to oper
Ground Flo.

door leads into a small foyer, which perm

‘on the eastern wall leads to the mess hall whe

level houses servan

asmall room t
— who live in this cramped room.

-First Floor: This level contains the quarters of Warden DuBoisand his men. He iv
hambers. Each man keeps his ws

the assessors live two toa room ina pair of the remain

t floor and descent to the d

e the servants t

the dining hall reserved for the castle's noble visitors and residents. The ground floor also holds. kitchen. By
serves as servants? quarters. There are three adults and two childeen — mi

es for the entire castle. A narrow wooden
ngeon and crypt area. A door
door on the western wall leads to
dit is

ce their meals, wh

room, while
in his room.

is brought to the castle, she is kept in one of these three rooms. The northwest room serves as the living quarters

jidane
ve and below

for the four monks who, under Lu

the Earl of Galtre, as well
in one of the guest rooms, while Lord Alfred
nites, if they pass themselves off as a married couple, or

t be offered toa
otherwise "involved") who claims to be the|
but are as drafty as any others in the cast

Roof: At
sides of the tower. A chimney stands at ea
24 hours a day so that the ailing earl may be kept war

In addition, there is a dunge
dungeon, and the family erypt contains only three corpse:

Cainite (or

SCENE ONE: REACHING
MILLSTONE CASTLE

PLor
The characters reach Millstone C
deal with the Earl of Galtre's unsavory right-hand man, Warden.
by the Prince

"astle, where they must

DuBois. They also encounter Wilfred, a ghoul se
of London. Finally, the characters catch their fist glimpse of
Lady Karin, the Brujah emissary to Galtre

This scene takes place in the small courtyard of Millstone
Millstone Castle is a cramped, ugly structure. It squats on a
hilltop likea broken tree stump. The courtyard is packed earth, but
irtumsintoa mudbath during heavy rains Irisfairlysolid at present.

CHARACTERS

Featured characters in this scene are Warden DuBois and his
They have employed Wilfred, a man they believe tobe
awvanderingsel-sword. They methiminRedfordeaeierintheday,
and DuBois took an immediate liking to him.

key m

Warden DuBois dominates this scene. He is a large man of
His face bears the sears of many batel
into a paunch that

muscular physique slipping away, set
strains against his leather hauberk. His dark hair is thinning a

CLASH OF WILLS

attend the Earl of Galtre's soul.

ighest ranking character of the group. These roomsare:

Each room has a firepla

from the lower level onto this steeply pitched slate roof. runs
cornet. They are quite hot, as all the castle's fireplac

fh room has

rooms for visiting noble:
id Lady Karin share another one. The third

ishly fi

oundall four
e stoked almost

ind a family crypt under the castle, No prisoners an
the earl's pare

shot through with gray. His eyes always hold a hine of barely
retrained violence, and his smile can chill most God:
i' chief assessor and right-
man forthe past 12 years. With the decline
warden's dark side has hecome pronounced. He and his men were
ly, they have
taken toforcing the county's young women intosleeping with one
of theit number. This lechery is tainted heavily with

people. DuBois has been the
cheeaul's health, the

once brutal yet fair; now they are just brutal. Lat

violence, and at least one young woman did not survive their
attentions. Fathers who have dared to complain have likewise
ended up maimed or worse. DuBois is the cruelest and crudest of
them all

‘While the players' characters deal with the warden and his
men, another important character observes them quietly and
unobtrusively. He is Wilfeed, a short man with stringy, redals
blond haie. He is not an attractive fellow, but he makes up for it
with a charming and witty personality. Wilfred tries to get by on
illed warrior.
Wilfred is an agent of the Prince of London. Mithras
aid the characters, and co warn them of his
certainty that other rival Cainites are active in Galtre. He

his wits instead of his brawn, even though he isa

sends hit
uses his Auspex Discipline to be certain the characters are

Cainites, and then incroduces himself as an agent
prince coward the end of this scene.


Drama

Millstone Castle's closed gates greet che characters. However,
the Cainites hear raucous laughter beyond the walls Characters with
Alertness ratingsof# or higher recognize the laughterasbelongingto
‘one or more of the men they saw upon thei atival in Galere

If they pound on the gate or otherwise make noise
outside, one of the assessors opens it. He snarls ac the
characters to identify themselves. Whatever explanation
they offer, they are admicted, but the scruffy-looking man
says, "You'll have to clear it with Warden DuBois."

Headmits che characters to the small courtyard ofthe dismal
castle. By the light ofasmall campfireand several torchesthey can.
see several figures gathered before the weather-beaten door that
leads into the keep. Fourmen siton barrels and stools around the
fire, while a fifth sits farther away. Two young women, both
partially naked, wander from man to man, Each man cuts away a
litte more of their clothing with a dagger, or runs his hands over
the women's exposed skin and laughs loudly. One woman looks
frightened, while the other has a blank expression on her face.
Both women have tiny cutson their armsand chests and legs, and
both are haphazardly smeared with blood.

The man who admitted the characters sits heavily on a
barrel as he says, "DuBois, we got some late night visitors here."

One of the men rises slowly. Iris Warden DuBois, and he
regards the characters through narrow eyes, grimacing. He
offers his dagger to Wilfred and says, "Would you like to take
my turn, Wilfred?"

Wilfred shakes his head and rakes a deep drink from the
flagon he is holding. "No thanks, Warden. | gave it up forLent."

DuBois laughs, and the man seated co his right pulls one
ofthe woman toward him, "Let's see what we can do about the
rest of the skirt, dear," he says.

Meanwhile, DuBois approaches the characters, his gri-
mace becoming a scowl. He snarls, "Who are you people, and
how dare you disturb our fun?" Alcohol taints his breath.

Ifthe characters show DuBois the leter from the Prince of
London (who is known by the kine to be a powerful noble), the
‘warden says the carl is currently speaking with hisson. However,
the young lord will surely step aside, DuBois says, for such
important visitor, asthe earls time in this world is growing shor.
He orders one of his men to escort the characters upstairs, but
‘Wilfred — the red-headed man seated outside the circle — leaps
cohisteet, wily offering orake the charactersup tosee the eat.

Turing to the characters, he speaks in a quiet voice:
"Soon after you left London, word reached the prince that
there are indeed other Cainites in Galtre, They may cause
problems. I have been sent to help you address them."

‘Wilfred opens the door, revealing a torchlit hall Stars rise
steeply to the left. He gestures toward them and follows the
characters in. The ghoul introduces himself to the characters
and says Nicholassenthim with instructionstohelp them in any
way he can. Ifthe characters are suspicious, Wilfred produces a
signer ring bearing the personal seal of the Prince of London,

‘Wilfred explainshowheposedasa bruralruffian ikerhe scum
in the courtyard to get their assistance in exploring the county for
suitable Cainite lairs. He intends to continue his search the
following day, whether the characters trust him or nor.

Asthecharactersteach the eat'sdoor, have the players make
Perception + Alertness rolls (difficulty 4). If they are successful,
theycatchsight ofa beautiful woman gazingacthem fromtheroom
across the hall. Ifthe characters look in her direction, she lowers
her eyes and swiftly closes the door. [Fasked, Wilfred says thar he
thinks the woman isthe wife of Lord Alfred, the eat!'s son,

OutcoME
Atthe end of thisscene, the characters should havea taste
is and his men are. Characters
who had even the slightest inclination toward helping Jill
Leftherder by dealing with DuBois should now feel as though
doing «0 would be a good deed.

Kany character takes offense tothedisplay they witnessin the
courtyard, he or she probably berates DuBois and the other men.
Allow the player to roleplay the chiding. If you deem the repr
mandeffective, DuBoisapologizes profusely and becomes farmore
subdued. He orders the women from the keep, assigning one of his,
sen to escort them home only ifa character insists on it,

ScENE Two: THE EARL

PLor
In this scene the characters meet the Earl of Galtre, his,
son, and Father Lucien. Observant Cainites with Soulsight

may recognize Lord Alfred as a Cainite
SETTING

This scene takes place inside the cramped and unpleas-
ant Millstone Castle, The hallways are narrow, most rooms
are small with low ceilings, and most windows are no more
thanarrowslits. A constant draft moves through all chambers
and hallways, causing the tapestrieson the

Asthecharactersspendtime in he castle, the Storytelleshoukd
rmakeitfeelclasstrophobic. They encounteraservant,amonkorone
of the earl' other subjects everywhere they go. They cannot find
privacy, and the only remaining guest room will hold no more dan
two characters comfortably. The characters will have to split their

Istostir gently

group at sunrise, seay at the Maiden of the Mists Inn, or sneak down
into the dungeon arxl family exypt area to shelter there for the day.

CHARACTERS

The featured characters in this scene are the Earl of Galtre,
Father Lucien, and Lord Alfred, the eal' son. Aside from these
three major characters, the castle is populated with servantsand
menials The players' charactersalways meetone ormore ofthese
people, even in the dead of night; Millstone Castle, much like its
dying master, never fully sleeps

‘The Earl of Galtre isan evil man, hislife steeped in debaue
ery and violence. Once physically powerful, he has ll but wasted
away under the weight of old age and disease, The smell of death

HCT TWO


isthick in hisroom. His skin isa

wisps of thin, white hair cling to his bony pate.

h the earl permits the characters to see him,

hey say is of any real interest to him, He

g, and he isconvinced his soul will goto Hell.

.cters have something to offer him that may

prevent that from happening or return him to his "lusty

he quickly orders them from his presence.

ather Lucien, a small

cll-fed and healthy,

: arely smiles and the
vwrinkleson his

hhim as a man who has grown old before his time.

Father Lucien wasa able task of trying to

togain absolution

ruction of the St

stery. In doing so, he brought Galtre to the

elder who

J him to urge the cor

to seize the county for himself

In this scene, Lucie ke a simple, devout

priest. He or one of his monks, however, will be in the
ity of the characters at all times, eavesdropping

If at any time it becomes clear they are

ites, he sends word to Remus. Lucien is nor too con-

cters' presence at thispoint. He knows

cealready won. The earl has agreed

cerned about the chi
thavhe and his master!

CLASH OF WILLS

to will his lands to the Church, and the seribes have just
completed the document. Now Lu

signature.

jen requires only the earl'

The third major character appearing in this scene is
Alfred, adarklyhandsome man with an easysmile, The youngnoble
treats the s with warm civility, He seems
dened that his father is about to pass on. Hac
up with him, at some point he expresses relief thar he and his wife
are able to be with his beloved father dur
The fact of the matter is that Lord Alfr

father fron

has hated his
hildhood. He has come to Galtrein an attempt to

secure his inheritance of the land,

DraMA

k on the door of the
tet." Beyond the door i

Ps chamber prompts a
n opulent

Fine animal skins cover the floor. A large fireplace

comer of the room, cast
and furniture within. C
dlisplaysnocoat of arms,
it. An exceptional t
with their Saxon foes covers the entire eastern wall
deskanda chairstand nearan arrow slit,andatall
but th

combat

four-poster bed. The eat restson the

iscomficed. Three other men—ayyoung


OML JOE

-soouaraytp atotp appaas ue
ays sodoy ays pue ‘saruisus uryp sare: spudiay fet 02 $2132
sfempeaygaouertje ue a8i0j on duane we ur woyp saypeordde
ays samaeu in DeseL aup Jo axe sOWO?Ig LEY 2910)

"us sit Jo ayo ue YE ype) st ypeoudde pure n 995 YE OMY
*(snwoyjoraSesoue Burypiedap st uar>nr sa4pey ay pu apse>
ypaae9]Aatp way 20 san] auaNg Ur UNE tpl avoU Saree
xp ay upto) sos siuasaad Bunvado ue -].5r] ‘uaprewapurey
aUIUIED) 29y PUL UNE UadAIDG sIIKD aeYE diysuoHE|AL a
nog apes sey ay suoniduunsse to paseg ‘pareax> are SAU POO}
‘soy pure ‘soexqurg 24p Jo Suipueisiopun aoayadus ue sey pa4yy
‘saying -fauno> ap Jo yonuod payy saaiB exp wuDuuND0p atp
‘uoaumapufis e208 0 19puo ULsPayorsiueN ay DAmEyN uEW PION
sq]>»pue ioxpey styonius| nogesuoneasasasousey pass y "YIN
242 02 08 anyep 29s 01 ysis 20U S90 94 Ing "EES 30} 940] 04
set} onde aumes doa atp uapisuos wa99 ApasDossey ap -20uT
-puni soy ise on soysna pe paraisny pure pouanyyy sou0o9q 94
"pea ap aoexqung or uuayo sonseneyp axp sweayson0 Posy yj]

‘om | Py Jo Moy auaDg UI Ysnqure jeuondo ayp :warp Konsep
1 uonour tt uejd e stds ay ‘anqeD UF are somUIED J9YR0 ey
piom staff ay se uoos sy "sanantoy Jonag smouny smtuoy "Aouasin
Aue st a1aqp 2uryp 10U Soop ay os ‘mou e uy sIYsHU 9914p 10} UO
/pojaq asm waar esoaarjaq a} 210] paEoY pure suosiadns jo
‘Aaaqava apis & Aq pazojoa si smOUY ay IeY.AY adeIqNU 94p Jou
-pueisiopun apiaduuy ue sey uaton "snulay o2 pom puas Soop
ang ssorseneyp atp dois or woys ou sayew ay ‘SIE=YPaAO WAIN]
JL tpog 40 payyyy poy ‘uaron zaypey Aq, preaysoao oq 4]>%N
2Sowl jon 9 dtp aoeaqg 01 sionrereyp ayp Aq stayo Au

-anjeg Jo spur] pur apise> atp paztos oaey |p sty
sopeaio y akf) — tumas arp ways Tuaraysp ag fa UoneNass ay
pu ‘onjep ur sapfinroma aso] jf Aaup ang ‘panties uorsstunsad

‘op Aaxpyy uorsstuniad 488.01 uopuo OV WMIAIOaPID—p ALL
xpSurseaquig jorapiaxp yim dnawiosoynsiaarereyo)
"somres) 204 Arepurenb jezow v ose stat ang ‘azay wonnjos 2015e>
axps peo ayp Sur>exquyg wore jo asinoasyp on presn yn peoy
uasoup sp to dip Jim siangexey> atouu 30 a0 Ieyp apgISSOd S13]
"uy ursexquig jo uonou Aue pure ea axon uoREaHUSio Zee
up Aq paunopiad spaap Aue yeas 01 spaau Jopfaukiong ay
"eu pjo Jey © se z9a940j aay] UE — UOREULUEP HOI,
Jos ty anes paopur yas ysiny agp On snpjoy sry Sumas we
‘upton Jo pom a4p Uo Ayou pue— |]9} pure UasKDH{ ypIMsoouEY>
say oye s20per p.ap{ "an]eO Jo jonuo> urayp swUEAB aexp 9039p
 USis ay yf 204 ‘Stayo aioyp xda008 20u JTL ay "Jam Se YANO
yous aney [eas ay eK NY fod stoneIEE axp ss9puN ang "9p

Jeuraia 9aet{o19A0) pynom apy "9oeAquiy atpjo ward so FNLAVe
29,00 un ysion dau JF ea ox 02 ay 02 Paou sareTeYD ay

‘presnye ae suoa2exe4> oxp sdows 2ey™ pue OU
20 Jayo atp sadaooe j2e9 yp soypaua Jo ssaypuea ‘21 SuPpEUL

wouy suone>ypiuned qj} 3394p 2eMP 4f>3 S12] sAdMOY 390
snip quinn ypeoudde stay w yryases aq 01 paau Aay "9ar9s Kew
Aotp uomed jnpiamod saxoiey 0240 ‘srax>exeyD aup 01 Arye}

seams dyiddey yun prea ayp "any o» sammpge ouiduea stax
yo 90s Joonas pure app jeusaao wy astusOsd Aagp J TesOXIIp
alot ae dryp Sutureszeq zofeurayp sisiy J "24p you faye
yo ayp azeaquag pinoys wayp Jo ou0 jr exp way o 3N230
Sew a "Je 28 [sea ay pia Iss9auos ss—9"Ie4 OY. J

HIXODLNO,

-suunay] sy Fuump pareniadiod ay spasp yao axp ype opun 02 sans
aye ussop ays! MOTTO} ARUIIEYA SIEDJoY|Se_YSMUNSe YpLApsPa} Lou
soop 9} "]9H Ul tang 3,u0% Joos jeoun sy ep os Y>uNY aU
on somiadond iy pe pa 02 spuorur ay re4p dquado sioisesEyD o4p
519} SurepAtte werp 2304 yaeap sivay ay eyp wa} sowod9q 1
pure ‘sue épinb wopuo7] ur pudty st Jo sau 1930 1uaWHOHDXe
Sy}{ sims 9 ayp sonbad Avs sion>ere4> axp apt 49,
-yoresiaauo Ur wry soBeBua pure apysino
‘uy sujof sooereyp e ssayun "oop axp ae suns pue Avsaypey aye
‘uy supewon poagry"Aansadea atp puryag urradoaoao9se yon
tuonesiantion ayp uo sdospsoeoAjjemiseay ng ]noss, 99120},
ad pue awn v soyamnason spuarul oy retp Surdes ‘woo xau stp
(015908 ua}on7]"aprsano nts 9g yea Soup exp soupy sty Sasnsse
poyyy ‘umn ase] uo sioNeUL aWeDH[9p UT a>LApe PuNos s3e9 9x7.
yo soajasurayp eae on ys spuayy [pro wod 5 zane sy Jo Ate
aetp spuersiopun ay s4es pio] unos ayp ‘suedop oy sy "jane
-spowiut wo003 24p 289] wo!9NY] pu payyy ‘uo [29.942 yPL
ajeads on ysis Aaup reap aun Aue we 7UNY sso9eIeY a4p J]
ppasteag axdor ap pnous yun ayp on a} 9 EN ANTES Jo spuE]
up soaayog ay e4p sionoeayp atp on seapp at soyeur pan U!]
jposod axe Aaxp suonsonb Aue on Stansue yey, uous sadsiys pue
2yquiny axe spog -possuppe axe Aotp jun punaashye9 ap 1904,
ang ‘Sianoenet aip ypeoxdde 10U Op uow a4p pw WIN]
"ry 07 spur] axp ps8 01 Huro8 st soKE ST UMENDD spay "EYL
soupRy sty Ip soyTNEY oa aup Uods9g drysuoNEjaratp aNUALOD
61 a4] pjnow ay exp shes paayy-zaiseusssoxsere4y> ayp 02 Says
3x s1Y Bupuanxa jo soayy Jeuowad axp wy op qj za1DeIe49
up sodoy 94 2e4p shes off "pea ayp ystas Supyeads ou st ou
sprereyp & 01 yaswNy soonponur pay pur] yelrug ay
-(a10]9q Ny, 2xp payfods sor eIeYD AMP 9AD) WeAIONLJOSOUD
Suiggos aup (piss sojiluras ap ays Mou axp nop sy pred
~auno> ay Suryfine] uaw siogng Jo punos ayp ‘pea axp tp
yeads sioizezeyp amp sy "Bulop si seatprpy Noy zeoy or suEM UE
"aopuo7 wy, pudty po, sIysioquiowar ap -pantox0.4uDasoiH09
ag Hea aup ‘Soappsuioup aonponut sior2eIY> ay 20UG,
4S]}sap 20u are Aaxp puy suousta
aystu-are] awios aaey nos savadde ap, "uwew pjo axp 02 >eq
‘uonuaae s}y Struma ‘shes ueUr9]|qou 942 , FAY] "ON,
Sane aut fen 01 HUNHOD "149
ay exp sf, SAS pag 94 UF URAL Plo aUp ,Z2PHP St OYA
saaua day sv sionoeaeyp ayp 1» éjutu9]0s yoo) aanyp fy "aEGoU
se wy peur Ayre9]> ssaup Spoygty ay ABL9,> ayp Jo soqox
‘wnoig 2tp 2eam uous aip pue uar>mr] pag atp pumore pues
ou plo7] pur "uoton7 'saKa st punose sa}>11> yep ypLA AUOU


the Earl of Gal
characters are C
example). If th
Embrace the

inites (following a poor
haracters return to London for per
it takes place upon their reaur to Galtre.
is Lady Karin's handmaiden
wishes to speak
importance. If the

-e Lady Karin, she seeks them out inst

her in this

acters before her

Karin wants to ney

and theirsendupat each other's throats, both figuratively

and literally. She barely has a chance to outline her intentions
before Lucien arrives with the news of the ear's death, Depend.

urn ofeventsruins Lucien and
plan to

ed by on

acters — before he could

Alfred or
Lucien's will
becomes furious and storms out of the c

he outcome, Karin still wishes ton.
1cters. She has nodesire to see Galtreandits kine tom apart
inateritorial warbetween the PrincesofNottingham and London

CLAS

She asks the characters to meet her again the followir

SETTING

expensive mirrors on the inside of its doors

Cuarac

The feat
Lith Generation Brujah who serves her u
also plays a minor role, as do Alfred and L

Drama
When Lucille escorts the characters into L
chamber, the elder Brujab is in front of the c

xd character of this scene is Lady Karin. An
‘a Blood Oath

yy Karin's

t mirror

Depending on the time of night, she is ei
rich, red hair fo in

activities. (The Storyteller needs to be sure to mention this
mirror to the characters. It may become t
Three.) She initially speaks with the characters while observ

ing them in the mirror and finishing her hair.

mportant in

"Lam glad you have come to see me," she says. "I believe
valk a path from which there isn
before itbegins foritwill leadusall train,


OML LOW

sutuns 2x0joq 298 ypu Aoup se
aby se sf exp ang ‘OBEN szopI94}Y> [Hf A|q!ss0d 30 ‘pLOspaY,
\ypeat ue Aay f "ane aay on warp J0} 1y}u 4p UE 91e] 001 st
a1 ou 20 payy puke UNS} asta suDIDeAEYD amp AYALA,
-4saxay anqures atp ypu pareroosse st uondusuy axp wep MOUy,
01 (p Aajnoyp) Snuapeoy + aouadyjaruy ssorserEyp sty [fOr
AeuaXejd yoeg pase puey yo} sty Uo 1auy Ruy oy Buysstutst
9} ‘pueqaysusty uo (,AX:A[],) Wouduosut ue swvaq Ip Hu
spayIseSuuvam say 99!20U pueys PuoU>yp we Yoo] Or YUPOys
siPEIYD AU IYFIs UE SAYA" S| UIINT Ing Kpoq S9n]eD
soo Fuybead JuOW v PUY TEM soJOq dks oy ora} auMUDA
‘oy Aue ‘opse> ayp Ut uneUIaY Oy as00yD SHaRDEIEYD 249 JT
‘§joanua sniew quarDyip e are suo snUIDY
-sauydusen yefnag ays wioyy seo] ae — so rweur ey 40} aNpLO JO
JP pue ‘apse auoasy|ypy wr ayes 9q [44 AOU] ‘SUINUDA st 19
Jay ‘uney Ape] asa 20u AeA sIIDeFEYD ayp YFMOyPTY'
(Cqyessp suey tyr] se sn ennp sty 2g,
[es peasqnaerp seaayeq sjuayersu payyy) Sunmnsiag wouesiago.
spe} sty Sodoy 2y pur oy Woy aHUEADS apy v avy or SIEM ay,
sSysoao] ay ysnoypyy "UuEY |JoroUsSOPay ‘Be ayppo>esquIg sey,
pouy s'2unuE] Jo um snp ssHop on 9uOyE pay y pue soy 9A09]02
sropereyparpaxopzeup surfs [sosn ays SNOUT APY
SINODLNO,
Buyu9ao 1x9U ayp Uo syfeD dUINsaE Or SOYstaL
uuredie uney Aper] guopuor] jo aouug parwonstydos ayp ueyp
uurwysumony Jo aoutug ayp 02 parins snag yoru aq AuNo>
Jean siyp 2,upfnogy "2N}eO Jo suozAID ay wey Ajsso]pa9u
[plnom pur] 07] pue senyatpy uomrag astue pjnom ae4p 391 yuo
kp wayp 02 awa] 21 eu! O2 S9HN AYS "WOLD YALA aIeROHIU
on soystas |[]38 UEEYy *]]EM pauds v spjoy sorsereyD v JL
_"stsan3 sno saajasinos s9pisuog "1 9sn 02 980049
‘nod pjnoys ‘Rod 10} uoawy ayes se spuelsapse> axp pure ue,
CounOs Ysta\ ans ‘prom AW NO 9ANB | AUMOPUNS JOYE SINOY Maye
‘ywousouio) uorreaAUOd sno awn 98 WLS) "UI SaA]ASINO PUY,
‘9m wonennis 2ex9 a4p puerssapun | aans ure [os asf, ‘s4es ys
"Pay y panojaq Aur yar Ajpieaud siuasa jo usm porsadxaun
SQ) SsnosIp o2 paau |, TuaWoTURLE AoepsHES AyjeMInU
wae anne qe ues Adyp ae pue sSuIoq pacar axe Aoyp
auapytio> st ays shes ay "IMOge Aasom on BuROU Sey dy WHR,
s]]9} Uney, Ing "Ajsnoyoidsns simoeweyD axp sada poyyy
_cJagsew 319¢7 0) spur] $ Jaye) MOK auNd9s O2 2194 aUUID ‘Cor
SAay 1 "somure jo dhox# satpoue or nos sonponut or 9w NOT
[]9 uEYPUMON Jo pio] 4p PUL UE|D NOs paatas aaey HOA
soy nok B40] [Ng ‘pup NOS rey avoury 3,UOP J, ‘Sun op
sey sty yBnoatp purey © sure ays ‘paypy $1 J] THe pauls yp
spjoy oss uo spuadap suaaa jousm sitp oy uon>eass ue
‘yons se onsuoo pjnos siaXejd atp Sunpouos aq pjnoys
ay ang "Appoexe awanip vq 10U pjnoys au] aH -aN]EO Buyer
soaou J}In s1e2eyD au UY Aavay vst eIp aun HUISO}> v SUL
gn uodn woos ayp woyy saysna U2toN] ‘st aSueYDXD jemIe
tp weya Jo ssappreoy s98ue sowooag Loup pu Jor]aqsIp 02
sagiys ey Aroid — ates aq 99 [1 suonseas s,ua!oNT Ne)
Jo [onuo> uny Surat Le pouBis e seq sargeIEYD eT

‘miooy ay} woxs saysns pu ,‘p10} Au Sax,
"Ssapaouoa ang ‘soygisuayut 990) sasdtud aya uo Josue ay
‘aidpoq aup s9a0 Avad on ans aq pury -1du>
Ajpuey oyp uy pooeyd Apiadoud st soyaey Aun rey 21 0 998 pue
09 ‘a]2q J0.39]N2 a1 AOU UIE  ‘papuodUT pey nod 949249),
woud ‘yjasinok y9s0} nog,, "WUMDI UT sopsizq PAY
ikog UOp 94,n06 Beye
puvastepuna,uopno4,,'928)s,us}o"]ssaue saysey JOY.
"Ayuuuayos shes poyyy 294}
soy ‘sinoy yeuy sty uy Apuarayyp 21 ud9s asey IsntU >},
audwU0) [ew9I9
‘oy jasunny pauwopuos sey Joupey nox, "uaWNDop ap spLat
ay se sojed ay "spuewop asoud ayp ,,Teya 998 2 39"),
pauiis 94 188
Snip pay "tos 4]u0 siy ‘au 02 sojan pur spur] sty patytas oypey
4yX,, 214M IY 9pisut Wo qUdMY>Ied Jo 201d dn paljo E
Suyjjnd ‘sdnusoaut poypy ,*uyerstun Ajurenio> ae no4,,
{THE nos asm | UBS on ouTEYD v pey Joxdu ay YBnoMpE
pur ‘dn useap ytave pey ap yoanyy 2yp 02 Of on aams9 ANNU Sty
20}poystn z94p2jano.,soq|dan u2}on7, "tos duu ‘yESMUON,,
2oypey Ajoy "uadperstu are nos aaayp9q J, "MorgaKa

pay200 8 quia asotad aya 18 S40] 94 poop a4 pip pap VAL

Jf pause funAuze>  ooeseyp salou peop siy paste snip
Ajense oy uo Sunpusdag -pousisun
IpIOY Sax[eD Burstuosd TuoWIND0p &

pure ‘pea ayp poreag
st a younysy axp 01 sé
soquse9 asaqad axp 9]nyyqy 0M ST SDI axp Y991109 0 PIPNAIO}
dans pjnoys paayly 30 siaxoeseyp ayp aaypr9 ‘2urod sip Ty
w farsoxaual sty preaay [ta poo pur "y>snyo,
‘yp 02 spurl sty Je pares aff ‘pua oy we wy Gaim sew
ysouud ou J! Uda ‘uONINpOSAE UDAIs sem HOS SHE ISwO] HY ~sNOY
poruiodde-pog siy, ‘sanunuios uaromry ,aun sry see ap,
OY] 9]osuo> or sue 494,
suado ays se aseur spoypeduuss e ovut sapys 998} s,uLeN,
«Suns yeuy sry wry 9418 on axoqp OU Sem sonIMp AU Ss
‘uaag aaey | preyewne | uopassedsey, "uaion]stes,|3e99q ],,
-pooey-auois are Yog -uny tain st 2jgoU unos 4p "WOOL
‘qn ur Apeaye ious paypy J] SHto9JoM 40} SuFEA NoKpN sto
‘upton 294 JOOP ate xpou| est axoUp "ysimaNo say 1>9K03 HED
‘sonpezeypayaioy2q 0 'unoquesuonesiasuosjear sue aoa
‘s]Bou4p aSIOM 94 UAAD Jo dU 94 UH UHTED suIEMDL
pue ‘ued 219 uo astuystp 4g paxjnsuy 10u st ayg "stzeIey>
Sy ypta a>qyuoo ploawon aaisop 49y urs} aysse puey soddn ayp
‘aney payy|y pure ays 2eyD Jorfaq JOY] UE asoUED se st UTES,
"34 PreMO AYO DALY NOK eK ado] PIO | UE ‘NOK jo
‘fue preaor aysoumtue ou aaey J, siso88ns ays , Suoq a|qeuoseay
29] sep sass oy, stuEN duO OU Yong nysy PEIN e BESO
puniuy Aatp ssajun ‘payyy por pure aay dois op ueo sreney>
up ajay stazayp ae wound oxp jost ays "wmeysuMON Jo 2>u
yp soy anpeqjainaasoyas9y stays yep ULE|SKA OY UOSIOH AS
BME Jo PIP # Se nos anoyag popeasay PURI | ‘poagy POT] Pur
_jsktu jo amnaeu ann atp pounostp Apeasye20u ane POLY, SHUTE)
AojaFejosuy cheysoyp seanannepauseutsch soy yeqTUHAAP
‘snipeseyp orp prema suum ayg, 2809s Asoo wisn ueaw op] PUY


ScENE Four: Tue
Monastery(OpTioNaL)
PLor

In this scene, the characters go to St. Christopher Monastery
inadistantcomerofGaltre. They either follow Father Lucien there,
‘or come with Wilfred, who determines it is likely that a Cainite
makes his haven there. The characters walk into an ambush,
however. They mightalsoencounter Remus, the Toreador vampit
who dwells in the monastery.

SETTING

The characters travel through the dark woods of Galtre
until they reach the location of St. Christopher Monastery. A
light fog hangs over the nearby lake, and tendrils drift around the
rombsones in the nearby cemetery

The monastery is only a few years old. It stands on the site
ofachurch built several centuriesago that was sacked during the.

civil war that took place during the previous Earl of Galtre's

reign. Theruinsand thecemetery lay untended for decades, until
the current earl funded the reconstruction of the monastery on
theancientsite. The workers used stones from the ruined church
aspartof thenew structure. The monkshave putsome effort into
cleaning the wild vegetation from
the old cemetery, but there isstill
much work to be done, and the
leaning, weatheredheadstonesgive
theimpression thatthe place might
still be abandoned. Lights in the

-monastery'swindowsindicateoth=

the monastery would be pure folly

CHARACTERS

Wilfred, the ghoul sent to
assist the characters, may appear

and Remus' power n
Only thro
pidity or unwaveri

in this scene. He has a tense air

about him, asi is part of his goal
turn the characters oneachother,

so he can attack them with the

Brajah he believes to be waiting.

at the ambush site. Those Brujah are a ruse created by Lady
Karin, who wishes the turncoat Wilfred to lead the players'
characters into fatal conflict with Remus and his heretic
monks.

If Wilfred does not lead the charactersintothisscene, Father

ent, as the characters follow him to the mon

jon, the characters face members of Remus
devoted to the Cainite heresy. There are two cultists for
each character.

Finally, should thecultists manage todefeat the characters,
they meet Remus himself, Such a defeat may prove disastrous for
the characters' free will (and the story), at the least, and their
very existence, at the worst

CLASH OF WILLS

Give THEM A CHANCE
Storytellers must taketheactionsof their players,
-count during this scene.
should always be left the option of escape, even if they
have to drag their fallen comrades with them. It
should become painfully obvious that an as

this option unsavory.

bull-headedness should the
wholesale capture of the players' coterie bellowed.
After all, the story would draw to a close at that

Drama

‘One of two paths leads the characters ro St. Christopher's
Monastery. They may be suspicious of Lucien following his
outburst in Scene Three, and they may follow him there.
(Rather than tend the ear!'s body himself, Lucien orders a
monk to do so, and then heads into the night.)

Ifthe characters follow Lucien to the monastery, they can
do so without any difficulty. The priest makes no effore to be
stealthy about his travels, and unless the characters are sloppy
he does not seem to notice he is being followed

Alternately, Wilfred, the ghoul originally sent from Lon:
don tohelp the characters, may approach them. Wilfred takes
the characters aside before they have a chance to meet with
Karin on the following night, and reveals that he has found the
location of aCainite'shaven. Ifinformed that Karin and Alfred
are Cainites, he reacts with surprise and says that the haven
‘may belong to another ally of theirs. He shows the characters
silver ring that one of the monks dropped while washing in
the castle courtyard. It is inscribed with a symbol the ghoul
knows to be the sign of the Cainite heresy, a perversion of
Christianity based upon the worship of vampires. He finds it
disturbing that there may be a vampire in Galtre who has a
horde of fanatically devoted monks at his disposal

If Wilfred bri
acterstothemonastery,theghoul
seemstenseduringthetrip. Heis
veryeoncemedaboutthe monks

the char-

SEEM OW, andexplains chat he hada

confrontation with a group of
such religious fanaticsin France.
NRE They are impossible to reason
with, and lay down their lives
willingly for the vampire they
worship. They are often spurred

sheer numbers

(on, he says, by something far
more powerful than the statusof
ghouldomorthe powerofa Blood
Oath: Many believedeath in the
service of their "divine" masters
‘earns them an automatic place
in Heaven. The ghoul fears that any Cainite who might be
lurkingin the monastery representsaserious problem, even more
serious than the Brujah.

‘The trip asts.a few hours. The characters followa path that
is barely distinguishable from the thick forest around them. The
woods eventually give way to the ancient graveyard. The mon:
astery looms beyond, lights blazing behind its windows.

Heretic monks lurk in the woods, waiting in ambush. If
the characters follow Lucien here, the monks are present
because of a message the priest sent earlier. In this case, the
attack is staged without warning.


haractershere, theambushersawait;his
the day did not go undetected. In this
across the graveyard
ound. A crossbow bole
juts frombisfore 1ediestwitchinglikea ish out of water.
There are two monks per characte
rosbows immediately. As soon as the shots have been taken, the
ambashers emenge from the mist shrouded woods to finish
aractersarevictoriousin thisbattle,and
werthateach hashisheadshavedin the

theirambushers they
fashion common to monks. Further,

areall missingring fingers. If Wilfred:

the characters, each player may roll his
Gifficuley 4) to know that
nite heresy

‘meaning of these ri
character's Intelligence + Acad
the inscription
Ifthe z , they are not destroyed, but
id. They recover eventually, wracked with a
Jood and chained to the walls ofa small ell. Rermus and
Lucien are there with them. Remus explains thatthe Brujah
who would snatch rasp have already been
his blood in their veins
(which roused them from torpor), he can't bring himself to destroy
them. He offers them a chance to serve him under Blood Oaths.

fall into torpor inst

stroyed, but since the characters now hav

Outcome

Ifthecharacters triumph at the ambush, they shouldbe able
tofigure out hat there are other Cainites besides themselvesand
the Brujah coterie abroad in Galtre. Some characters may decide
they have had enough at this point. They make ready to return
to London and inform the prince of events in the county. The
characters must still spend one night in Galtre, because the
farthest they'll be able to travel before dawn is the village
Redford. Other characters may return to Millstone Castle
inform the Brujah of th

Many characters, howe
Ratherthan retreat from thea
those who were most likely responsible. Ifthe characters kno
that either Lord Alfred or Lady Karin is a Cainite, they may
assume that the nobles were behind the attack. Ifthey return to
Millscone Castletoengagein alittle payback, Act Three unfolds
(The Storytellershould see co it thatddawn is upon the characters
before theyhaveachance toact, forcing them otake shelterand
delay their revenge until the following night.) Other character
however, may wish co investigate the monastery, o determine if
any more enemies urk within, orftheCainite behind the assault
makes hishaven inside. Ifthey do, they find themselves acinga
superior number of heretic monks. If the characters don't flee,
they are defeated and captured as described above

Situation.
may takethe opposite



eae learn

thet sleep gre death of Goltee
were greatly ecaggecated and
mann kine and Cainites go to their
firteal cevoards.


In this scene, the characters meet with Karin in an.

attempt either to settle their differences or p accuse her

the ambush they suffered at the end of Act

wut ro begin, they leam that Fathe
organized a memorial service at the village church, and th
DuBois Il the servant
ted. (Al

ervants to attend so he can Embrace

toattend, leaving the castle

isk of discovery.)
Lond Al

cd says that he will lave the negotiationsto Karin

‘haracters, claimi

whohave
to join hin
orytellers be aware that if the characters have
the inn in Redford or Jill's home as their haven,
hree, Scene Two probably unfolds instead of this one,

or at least hefore this one

CLASH OF WILLS

TING
This scene takes place
are visibly fewer people there than there were
vers in her chan

ide Millscone

meets with the ch

CHARACTERS
The p Karin. Lord
;chandmaiden appear, as does one of

ssessors, and possibly Warden DuBois him

mary character in this scene is Lad

interaction with Karin is the focal point,
however.

Drama

The details of dl spend primarily on how the
he other characters. There are

ar must take place. It

playe acters approa
few scripted lines, and very few events
is roleplaying that determines the course of this

eit temporary havens in the cast

thar there are fewer peopl
she grave. Thefi

placeisas:
ne of DuBois' henchmen, a callow

in the entrance hallon the ground

the "deceased" ear!' nthe


perform memorial service for the old ear. The new earl ordered
all the servants to attend. James says that his horse threw a shoe,
so he decided to remain behind. A lurid grin appears on his face,
and he adds, "So did Warden DuBois. The poor warden was 30
sriefstricken that a few of the men went and got him a little
something special. He's cheering himself up with her right now."

Ifthe corerie decides to investigate, they can first listen at
DuBois' door. They can here the sounds of a creaking bed
frame, DuBois grunting and an occasional sob in a distinctly
feminine voice. Any character with high Perception who has
spoken with Jill during the course of this adventure will
recognize the voice as hers.

If the characters have any decency in them, they may

attempt to subdue or even kill Jill's despoiler. The young

woman shows signs of a s beating. She alternately sobs
and mutters prayers under her breath. She is deeply in shock
and barely aware of her surroundings.

If the characters do not check on DuBois, they probably go
straighttosee Karin. They find herwith Lord Aled. Shebasplainly
just risen, and Lueille is fixing her hair forthe night. (Storytellers
may wish toemphasize the mirrorsin thecabinetagain atthispoint.)
Karinengagesthecharactersinsmall talkuntil Lucillefinishesdoing
hechairandiirmly insiststhatimpatient charactersslow down. They
haveall of ewemity before them, afterall.

Once Karin isdone, she bids Lucille to leave them. Alfred
likewise excuses himself, saying that he wants tosee his father
one last time before interring him tomorrow.

As soon as the younger Brujah are out of the room, Karin
immediately starts trying to settle any differences between
herself and the characters. Her main points are:

‘ She swears she had nothing co do with the ambush.
They may have a common enemy, she says, a third group of
Cainites lurking in Galtre. (And if she learns the castle has
been all but vacated by the kine, she becomes concerned over
the possibility of another attack, saying she'll order Lord
Alfred to Redford as soon as he returns from the crypt. She
wants the kine here, either as protection or as buffers.)

© She doesn't want Galtre destroyed due to Cainite
conflicts, nor does she want to attract the attention of inquisi-
tors over the same.

© If Alfred and Karin control Galtre, the Prince of
Nottingham controls it through them. She is relatively cer
tain the characters won't be able to stand against the Brujah
should it come to battle. Nottingham has won, she claims.

* If the characters control Galtre, she tries to share her
idealism with them and her belief in a beteer world where the
children of Caine live together in peace among themselves
and the kine, She paints the county asa place where they can
begin to build a better future, as a place where London and
Nottingham can begin co patch their differences, and the
destructive conflict between Brujah and Ventrue can be
brought ro a close. Although her remarks may appear self-

Waar le Tie Pus
EMBRACED THE EARL?

If the earl was Embraced by a member of the p

coterie, he will flee their

CHARACTERS

ompanya
willnor leaveth

ssoonastheopp
presentsitself, thoughh
claim thatheis truly theearl'ssire, still ho

‘of Galtre by establishing himself as the Earl's master:

serving, Karin wishes in her heart for these words to be true.
(She explains to the charactershow the Ventrue destroyed the
perfect society the Brujah had built in Cartha
which Cainites and kine lived together in harmony.)

the characters appear to be intelli
cunning. If they weren't, they would have initiated combat
immediately, or would have fled back to London and reported
to the prince already. She is curious about how strongly tied
they are to London and its prince. If they are free agents who
serve him because he asked them to, orbecause of geographical
happenstance, she encourages them to join herand the Prince
of Nottingham. She says the Prince of Nottingham will offer
the characters a better deal. (Karin has no intention of
insulting the charactersorcalling their honor into question. If
they give initial answers that show they are unecringly loyal to
the Prince of London, she pursues this matter no further.)

Meanwhile, characters who followed Alfred to the crypt
find themselves in a lot of trouble.

Ifthe characters are not the ones who Embraced the earl,
all who follow Alfred now learn of the ears undead state. As
they watch from the shadows, Alfred stands before his father's
tomb and says, "I have given you eternal unlife, father, but it
is unlife in eternal servitude! Come forth and get on your
knees! Bow to your new master!"

‘Agrowlissues rom thetomb, and the old earl launchesforth
suddenly, using his bony fingersand newly acquired fangs to tear
at his disrespectful offspring. Alfred sereams in pain and horror
as his blood splatters across the dusty floor and stone walls. The
‘ld earl diablerizes his son before the characters' eyes.

Before the characters can intervene, a group of armed
monks rushes down the stairs into the erypt. These ghouls
part of an attack force that Remus sends into the castle to
destroy the Cainites who are threatening his efforts to take
control of Galtee. There is one for each character present
(including the earl).

As the characters battle the ghouls, Alfred dies with an
unearthly wail, The old ear flees up the stairs, cackling insanely.

OurcoME

Karin genuinely wants to head off a conflict with the
characters. However, she may answer belligerence with bellig-
erence after a while. Particularly grievous insults may send her

intoa frenzy raded by insults directed at her clan,

ACT THREE


Storyteller shou
Likewise, should characters witr

the crypt and defeat the attacking monks, they know that a

vampire is loose in the castle. The story continues in

SS
SN

Scene Three for this group as well.
ScENE Two: _
THe MEMORIAL SERVICE

AX
:

SS

\
~
VEN ASS

SX
OS
RSs

who return to havens at the Maiden of the Mist

SASENY

\
\

Inn or Jill's cottage learn of Father Lucien's memorial service
fromthe c Some may choose to attend, just

*
Ras

to keep an eye on the priest. Characters who do so find
themselves in grave danger.

San

\

‘Upon leaming that his plan to rake control of Galtre is
threatened by outside Cainite interference, Remus decides to take
Galtre by force. His first step is to make sure that his opponents
hhave no kine at their disposal. Once the assessors, servants and
assorted villagers are inthe church, Remus' ghouls barall its doors
and windows and set the place afte. f they are inside, the players
characters have a chance to save themselves. they are not, they
might simply save a building full of innocents

This event u ther any players' characters are

present or not,

ING
This scene takes place in the village of Rediord.

Remus' cultists will b
lighting ie on fire.

Drama

‘Should the characters decide to attend the memorial ser

it. A successful Perception + Awareness oll (difficu

that the monks a the church doors and preparin
s. It is clear they intend to bum the church and
rs move 10 stop this monstrous act, perfect

orytellerrohave Samuel attack
is at hand, assuming the characters have botched huntin
or otherwise revealed themselves as Cainites.

During the battle, F uucien comes to make sure
everything proceeds according to plan — he leaves the
church If the monks clearly have the


¢ joins the fray, shouting his delight that he is
nies of the Lord! If the characters are win:

Ny
‘.

NN
\N

tle to await Remus.

Outcome

Characters on the Road of Heaven or the Road of Human-
ld certainly wish to stop the horrible event that isabout

WNL
ONG
Wy

\
AN

ld. Other characters may wish to become involved as
well, if they have any decency. The Storyteller may require
degeneration checks for characters who allow all the innocents

\

AN

ay
Wn

within the church co burn to death. If the characters choose to
beheroic they should beable tosave some ofthekine, even ifthe
church catches ire (assuming the characters are not defeated by
the monks and thrown into the fire themselves).

ScENE THRE
THe Assaacr

PLot

This scene continues the roleplaying in Scene One. The
c'characters may be speaking with Karin, fighting Remus' min-
ions in the erypt under the castle, or both if the group is
divided. The characters may also artive from Redford to
become embroiled in Remus' strike at the castle. In this
instance, they have likely just witnessed the burning of the
church, and may be in pursuit of Father Lucien.

As negotiations with Karin unfold, a loud, wailing shriek
echoes through Millstone Castle. Ifthe heroes investigate, they
find Lucien, brutally slain. Mad cackling comes from DuBois'
room. Before they have a chance to investigate, Remus and
several ghouls comerushing up the stairsat them. Remusengages:
Karin, while che characters are let to fight the ghouls.
SETTING

Thisscene of carnage and violence takes place within the
shadow-filled hallways of Millstone Castle.

CHARACTERS
Thisscene isprimarilya combat encounter. Remus, Karin
and a number of ghouls are present.

Drama

This scene should be played in a fast-paced fashion. Hit the
characrerswitheventafterevent,ardallow them barelyenough time
tothink about whatthey areseeing- Makethem react ratherthan act.
Ifthe Storytellerisrunningthisstoryasastand-alonestory sheshould
have no compunetion about killing several ofthe characters should

the oppositi the upper hand. However, if this is part of a
chronicle, the Storyteller may consider fudging a roll or two.
Whether the charactersare discussing their differences with

Karin in a rational fshion, or whether things are about to come
toblows, an uncarthly shriek suddenly echoes through Millstone
‘Castle (This isactually Alfred's death scream from Scene One.)

Karin suggests the charactersshould investigate. She goes
with them, ifthey insist

AC


Whetherthescene precedingthisoneis:
‘Two, the characters find Father Lucien' body, horbly mutilated
suming he wasn't killed by anyone in Scene Twos fhe was, the
tim is one of DuBois' asessors). The man's entrails are tied
around his neck in a twisted parody of a hangman's noose. Ifthe
characters move the entrails, they find tears in his neck that
resemble those of a Cainite bite mark that has not been licked.
they make this discovery, a wild, insane cackling issues
from DuBois' chamber. Before they can investigate, however,
there isa commotion downstairs. As they look down, they see a
priest with angelic facial features who wearsanecklace ofhuman
fingers. He leads a group of equally handsome, robed monks up
the stairs coward them. (Players who think to look at Remus!
hand see that he bears a familiar silver band on his left and right
ring fingers) The priest bares his lips, revealing fangs, and says,
"lamRemus. You wouldstand in the way of the Church claiming
Gealtreas its own, and thus you trespass against the Lord. That
transgression will be punished with Final Death."

Lady Karin replies, "I did not come here seeking conflict,
but I meet your challenge willingly, weakling. Make peac
with the God your very existence shame:

Karin lunges at the priest as he reaches the top of the
stairs, while the monks move toengage the players' characters.
‘There is one heretic monk ghoul for each character.

Characters who explore the geound floor of the keep
before heading upstairs hear Karin and Remus' exchange
echoing down the staircase. They also make a shocking
discovery in the dining room: Lucille laid out with a stake
through her heart and her head severed from her body. They
are attacked by the opponents deseribed above, as Remus'
‘minions return to the ground floor in search of more victims.

Ifthe characters ate splic into ewo groups, then so are the
ghouls and monks.

‘The battle should unfold in such a way that as soon asone
character defeats his or her opponents, another nearby char-
acter requires asistance

‘The battle between the two elder vampires is not one the
Storyteller should waste time on by actually rolling dice. He
should just assume that Remus has the upper hand, and that
‘without character intervention, Karin will surely be destroyed.
‘As soon as the characters defeat the ghouls, Remus rips Karin's
throat open with his claws ina savage blow that sends her lying,
across the landing. He movesin tofinish her, and will destroy her
if the characters don't intervene.

‘Assume Remus spends five Blood Points in his bactle with
Karin. Then tum him loose on whatever characters are trying to
stop him.

OaTcoME

Ifthecharactersdo not stop Remus from destroying Karin, he
drains ewo Blood Points from her, then beats her Final Death
with his ists. He then tums to the character, ready to destroy
them, too. Justa this battle is about to start, Scene Four begins

‘Should the characters defeat Remus, Scene Four begins
immediately after that conflict ends.

CLASH OF WILLS

ScENE Four: THE FINAL

CONFRONTATION
PLoT

This scene sees the Final Death of either some or all ofthe
remaining characters, or destruction of the monster that was
once the Earl of Galen

Asthe characters either face Remusor decide what todo
next, there is a mad cackle behind them, The earl enters,

ing DuBois' head and an uncon-
rantings mark him as dangetously
oy him.

covered in gore, and cat
scious Jill. The earl's
insane. If the characters wish to live, they must de
‘Some of them may die in the fight, but if they pay attention
to the earl's ravings, smart characters realize that the earl
elf to be young again. The shock of seeing

ing that he still appears old and
frail, would give them the advantage they need to get a few
unopposed attacks on him.

What Ir tie Prayers' Ci
Recarp Jats

The coterie may have rescued Ji
Warden DuBois in another scene. This v
earl's.rapaciousnes

believes him
himself in a mirror, of re:

|RACTERS

ARLIER?

and dealt with
not curb the

I have assailed

dofoneof Remus'

however. He
another peasant girl, and carry the hi
heretic monks.

With luck and skill, they should be able to defeat him.
‘And with quick thinking, they have che opportunity to ensure
Galtre falls under control of the Crown, and thus the Prince of
London, if they have retained their original loyalties.

SETTING

Inside Millstone Castle.

CHARACTERS
tured character in this scene is the Earl of Galt
Storyteller charactersare little more than partsofthe
background. If Remus is still alive, he fights one of the
characters, ignoring the presence of the earl. Remember that
Remus' current Blood Pool is reduced by three, and possibly
more if the characters have moved against him.

Drama

Insane laughter emanates from DuBois' room. When the
characters tum toward it, they see a terrible sight: The Earl of
Galt steps out of the room, still wearinghis white nightshirt still
pale and withered from age and disease. However, he is also
spattered with gore. He stares atthe characters with a mad hunger
inhiseyes,andbitsof flesh between his teeth and hanging from his
Tower fangs. He carces the severed head of DuBois, a final look of
startled horror etched on the warden's face, in one hand. In the
other, he dragsan unconscious Jill by her brown hair. She isnaked
and covered in blood, but she appears to be alive


‘Only: I may deflower my peasant wor
in a regal tone of voice. "It is my right as master of this
main! Andnow that have my youth es
themallanddrink their virgin bloodevenas:
other gout of mad lauy
J rule me. I puni

shall be mine. By God, it's good to be young
'h more power than I have ever
tersstand aside, orhe will destroy
drops Jill ac their feet and turns

Karin disintegrates into dust

Finally, hi
them. Ifthe ch
to Karin's ©
des the waves of frenzy and attacks the charac-
chey will nor knuckle under to him —

‘The earl then
ters Hopefully, howev
yteller should
eve out him horrifies and disgusts the character
after the battle they have just completed, the
players' characters may be too weak to take him on. They can
still defeat him, however. The key lies in his repeated re
ences to being young. He believes his body has been restored

portray the earl in such a way that

to peak physical condition. By showing him the truth with a

mirror (perhaps from one of the cabinets), they will shock hi

into inaction for two turns. During this time, they can st

him, take
OurcoME

The Earl of Galtre isa monster. Ther
among the chat

ee attacks or simply flee the area

would roam the
and Cainites alike. The

AFTERMATH
Galtre is in chaos. As Alfred and Karin are both de-

stroyed, the lands pass to the Crown of England. Since the

Ventrue are the characters

could like, the playe
et rewards

clean and orderly as the elder Cainites
characters are successful nonetheless, and
Furthermore, Nicholas ¢

they ask for are grant

consider the cefulness. He
upon them a

nd the characte
chemselves embroiled in Cb

ainite politic
arin was a close friend and ally of Ri
Prince of Nottingham. He is J in the events

that caused her death, and he may have the characters


summoned before him to hear the story of what happened —
forcefully if need be. Leeland may alternately send his top
lieutenant, the savage and cunning Patricia of Bollingbroke,
to investigate the circumstances of Karin's disappearance.
Should Patricia become aware of the characters' involve-
ment, they find themselves in danger of the gravest kind as
they are stalked by a brutal killer with cent

ence. They may seek protection among their Ve

bur the only guarantees of their safety are to destroy Patricia
— who will be followed by other hunters — or to seek the
forgiveness of Leeland. The Prince of Nottingham may ex-
tract many dangerous services from them before he feels they
have paid for the death of Karin.

Itis likely that the characters have a thoroughly trauma-
tized Jil in their care. Any character on the Road of Heaven
‘or Road of Humanity should feel a desire to help her and her
‘young brothers, who have lost their guardian. Jill's road to
recovery will be long, and she is never quite the same — she
never again sleeps a full night without waking up screaming,
and her faith in God is destroyed completely — but by

involving themselves with her and her brothers, the charac-
ters may earn the gratitude of these ki

c.lfthey approach the

CLASH OF WILLS

situation correctly, the characters may cultivate this geati-
tude intoa relationship with the Leftherder family that might
lastforcenturies, as parents pass their loyalty tothe characters
om to their sons and daughters

If Samuel the Smith survives the events in Clash of
Wills, he travels to Canterbury where the archbishop listens,
to his tale of blood-drinking demons with great alarm. The
archbishop, bucking the will of the Toreador trying to ma-
nipulate the English Church from behind the scenes, sends
teams of inquisitors and vampire hunters to Galtse. What
remains of the sect devored to the Cainite heresy (including
Remus, if he survives) is destroyed, and the St. Christopher
Monastery is rededicated to the true service of Godt. All
Cainites who remain in the County of Galtre must be very
careful for the next few months. Church inquisitors,as well as,
the king's investigators, will be very curious to locate the
source ofthe carnage that unfolded here. If Samuel knows the
players' characters are Cainites, he can point them out to
either group of hunters, and the characters may find them-
selves stalked and hareied if they remain in Galtre.

thatcanarisein the wake of Clash

of Wills. [tis up to the Storyteller to make them come to


Oramatis Personae:
at Cast of Characters

THE CAINITES

NICHOLAS, SENESCHAL TO THE PRINCE OF
LONDON

Background: Nicholas wasa minor knight in the court of
an English Ventrue whose ranks were decimated during a
Viking raid in che seventh century. Although his early unlife
\was painful, he has now outlived several mastersand currently
stands as one of the Prince of London's most trusted advisors
and allies.

Image: Nicholas is a darkly handsome man with deep
brown eyesand long black hair. He typically wears it tied back
in a ponytail. He was Embraced at the peak of his physical
health andstill has the appearance of young, striking warrior.
He dresses in the latest fashions, except that his clothes are
always cut from reds and blacks and accented with tasteful
jewelry of gold and silver.

Roleplaying Tips: You are in control and you know it
You have no particular need to prove your power or your

authority to others, so long as they serve you and your master,
Prince Mithas. You lord over lesser and insist on formalities,
only if youbelieve that not doingso will cause them to mistake
themselves for anything but servants.

Haven: Tunnels under the Tower of London, Nicholas'
haven lies adjacent to that of Michras, the Prince of London.

Secrets: Nicholas isa natural diplomat who has contacts
in Cainite communities throughout Europe. Its this wide net
of friendships and contacts that has allowed him to survive
even while his masters have fallen to their enemies. On more
than one occasion, Nich
to enemies as his masters' stars waned

even provided minor assistance

Influence: Nicholas has the ear of the Prince of London
and is respected by a number of Cainites across Europe.
Destiny:
his master's request. It proves fatal for him — Nicholas dies in
the Battle of Tewkesbury
Clan: Ventrue
Sire: Malthias

icholas gets involved with the Tudor family at

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 7th

Embrace: A.D. 832
Apparent Age: inid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

4, Wits 4

Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimida-

Mental: Perception 4, lntelligen
Talent
tion 4, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 6

Skills: Archery 3, Etiquette 6, Melee 6, Ride 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 4, Law 5, Linguisties
3, Occult 2, Politics 5, Seneschal 4

Dominate 6, Fortitude 3, Potence 2,

Alertness

Disciplines: Auspex
Presence 5
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Influence 5, Resourc

Retainers 5


Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 6, Courage 4
Road: Road of Chivalry 6
Willpov.

Nicuotas' Bopyeuarps (Four Guouts)
Physical: Screngch 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 4, Ride 3

Disciplines: Fortitude 3, Potence 2

Willpower:

WILFRED CVENTRUE GHOUL)

Wilfred is at first a loyal servant of Nicholas. The sen-
eschal sends him to Galtre to provide the characters with.
assistance, should they needit. He isastocky man witharound
face and carrot-colored hai.

Wilfred gets in over his head as the events in Clash of
Wills unfold. He believes that Nottingham will emerge victo-
rious and scurtilously changes sides to support Karin and
Alfred's bid for power. He meets his demis
by Remus.

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Judge

Physical:
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawling 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Sub-
cerfuge 4

Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 2, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 1, Occult 3, Polities 3

strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 1, Potence 1
Willpower:

Equipment:
of London

Tue Eart or GALTRE

Background: The Earl of Galtre led a life of self-
indulgent brutality satislyinghisevil passions freely. Heswept
enemies and competitors aside with unrestrained violence,
exploited friends and allies without a second thought, and
callously disposed of lovers and wives who had grown uninter-
esting.

As Galtze felt old age and illness steal his vitality, fear for
his immortal soul grew in him. Although he gave generously
tothe Church, he feared that not even all his earthly belong-
ings would cleanse his soul.

Image: Galre'sboxlyappearsfrailand discase-ravaged, Hisskin
clings to his bones, andis sickly white even before his Embrace.

Roleplaying Tips: Your frail body holds a soul that is
thoroughly corrupt and saturated with depraved evil. You are
violent, brutal man, and you follow your bases

CLASH OF WILLS

snetring bearing the personalseal ofthe Prince

Haven: Millstone Cas

Secrets: A lifecime of foul, evil deeds.

Influence: None

Destiny: Ifthere'sany justiceatall, the earl diesby theend,
of the story
Clan: Bruja
Sire: Alfred (or possibly a player's character)
Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Autocrat (Monster, post-Embrace)
Generatio
diablerie)
Embrace: A.D. 1197
Apparent Age:
Physical: Serength 1, Dexterity 1, Stamina |
Social: Chatisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3
Skills: Archery 3, Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 3
Knowledges: Academies 1, Law 1, Occult 2, Politics 5

ines: Celerity 1, Dominat

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 3, Resources 4

(Oth (this may vary, based on his sire and his

ate 60s

Potence 2

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 4, Courage 3
Road: Road of the Beast 5

Villpower: 6

a

~y


Lapy Karin

kground: Karin was the daughter of a Scottish noble
who was never happy with his own possessions. Disappointed
that his only child was female, he nonetheless made the best
of a bad situation, training his daughter in

of courtly life. By the time Karin reached marriageable age, she

e subtle nuanes

was attractive enouigh to be considered a prize by the Saxon
nobility of England

Her be: and she post
mmediately after
she married, denying her dumbfounded father any possible
benefit he may have gleaned. Though she suffered some pangs
of guilt and remorse at her father's betrayal, Karin knew that
her own desires must come first, and she took to political lite
with remarkable ease

When her Embrace came, she saw it as a gift (although
the long years have colored her vision differently), giving
Karin ever greater skill and acumen.

Image: Lady Karin carries herself with a nobility that
most queens would envy. She typically wears gowns of sap-
phire blue or emerald green, which accent her red hair and

green eyes. Her body is trim and willowy

Roleplaying Tips: You possess great poise and dignity
You project an air of nobility even when you are sad, angry or
inthe heacof combat. You are deeply in love with Alfred, and
cannot imagine treating him as you did your long,<dead father.
Haven: Small estate north of Nottingham, or Millstone
Castle
Secrets: Karin yearns to be alive again. Even after her
ies of unlife, she misses the feeling of the sun on her face
and the taste of food in her mouth. Karin also tums Wilfred

from the service of Nicholas, though shedoesn't truly trust him
which becomes moot after his death
Influence: Karin isa favored companion and trusted advi-
sor of Robin Leeland, Prince of Nottingham. They have stood
side by side for several centuries. Another prominent friend of
Karin isthe deadly Patricia of Bollingbroke. Both would do their
utmost to aveny visited upon Karin,

Destiny: Could be better

Clan: Brujab,

Sire:

Nature:

Demeanor: Gall:

Generation:

Embrace: /

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physi

Soca

Mental:

Talents: Acting 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3

Skills: Crafis 4, Etiquette 4, Melee 3, Music 2, Ride 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Occult 5, Science 2, Senes
Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Chimerstry 4, Potence 3,

Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
erception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Road: Road of Huma
Willpower: 4

Laci..e
11th Generation, childe of Jackdavy
Nature: Penivent

ity 5

Demeanor: Defender
A.D. 1165
Apparent Age: early 20s,

Lady Karin saved Lucille ftom destruction. The inexperi-
enced vanipie's sire, a prolific yet irresponsible young Brujah
in Nottingham, refused to acknowledge Lucille as his child
so Karin took her in. A bright young woman in life, Lucille

serves Karin wil 1d devotedly,and she would doso ever

ifa Blood Oath didn't exist berw

Embrac

te » them.

DRAMHTIS PERSONAE: A CAST OF CHARACTERS,


Lucille hasa fine-featured face and mouse-brown hair. She
dresses in gowns not unlike those worn by her mistress, and rests
‘on the floor in Allred and Karin's chamber during the day.

Lorp ALFRED, SON OF GALTRE

Background: Alfred grew disgusted with this father's
violent, twisted excesses at a young age. At 15, he left Galere
behind for the life of a sell-sword. After nearly a decade of
violence and camage, be came inta the employ of Lady Karin,
a minor noble with lands north of Nottingbarn.

Hier graceful manners, slim body and attractive features
captivated him immediately. Karin admired the young man's
spirit and his vocal disgust with nobles who mistreated their
subjects. Aftera year of courtship, Karin revealed to lfredher
true nature and the Brujah vision for a better world. His love

on for a better
tomorrow, so he traded his life for eternity at her side,

Two years later, word reached Alfred that his father was
dying. He saw thisasan opportunity for Clan Brujah to spread
its influence beyond the Nottin,

Image:
powerfully
and his arms bear the scars that evidence his

Ifred has noble features and an easy stile. He is a
leman inhisprime. Hecartieshimselflike a wartior,
fe as.asell-swor.
‘ou treat servants with brusqueness

and women with con to some degree, your
sire Karin). You were raised to be a ruler. Although you have
nothing but contempt for lords who misteeat their subjects,
youare sill keenly aware that you are a lord, that peasants are
subjects and that women are second to men,

Haven: Small estate north of Nottingham, or Millstone
Castle

Secrets: Despite his love for Karin, or perhaps because of
it, Alfred has grown increasingly uncomfortable with the fact
thar he is subservient to her. He is a man after all. Alfted
intends to Embrace his father, believing that the old man will
feel the kind of devotion tohim that Lucille feels to Karin. He
has a flawed understanding of the nature of the Embrace, and
an inflated opinion of himself. He believes that hestill retains
total free will because his will is stronger than Karin's

Influence: Aled has little influence among Cainites, but

he is well-c ine warriors and lesser nobles.

yanected among

Destin best.
Clan: Brujah
Sire: Karin
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Defender
Generation: 9th
Embrace: A.D. 1195
Apparent Age: mid 20s
exterity 3, Stamina 4
ipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talent thletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3
CLASH OF WILLS

Skills: Archery 1, Etiquette 2, Mel
Knowledges: Academies 1, Hearth Wisdom 1, Law 2, Occult

Celerity 2, Potence 3, Presence 2
nntacts 3, Influence 1, Mentor
Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Road: Road of Humanity 6

Willpower: 6
Remus
Backgeou

celled at calligraphy and sculpture. H
sect devored to the Cainite heresy. The Toreador vampire on

Remus was a monk in Germany who ex
belonged ro a minor
whom the sect's services focused was so taken with Remus'
work that he Embraced the talented monk.

Since that time, Remus has managed to improve his art,
something very rare among Cainites, many of whom lose the
genuine creative spark upon their Becoming. Remus is also
tunusual in thar he managed to befriend one of the Fiends and
learn theartof Vicissitudle from her. Now, Remus craftsbeaury
from stone and mortal flesh alike

Clan Toreadlor wishes to repeat in Britain itssuccesses with
the Roman and Easter Churches. Toreador have manipulated

cessive Archbishops of Canterbury. The Cainites hope to
expand their influence further, seitingcontrolof land by convine

ing the rulers to will it to the Church. Remus has dwelt in the


Monastery of St. Christophersince its founding five yearsago,and

personally overseen the creation of the structure's beautiful stone
‘omamentation. He has swayed all the monastery's monks to the
wisdom ofthe Cainite heresyandused Vicissitude togive themthe
likenesses of angels. Of course, this wisdom comes with a price
Remus itually removes the ring fingers of his monks'leftharndsto
symboliz viee to God through the Blood.

Image: Remus bears all the trappings of a priest, with the

he sacrifice of s

exception ofthe necklace of fingers he wears. His ace isalmost
, but not unnaturally so, and his haie

angelic in appearan«
consists of golden curls,
Roleplaying Ti
and the Cainiteheresy. These are notalwayscompatible goals,
and you become angry and frustrated when you must sacrifice

‘ouseek tostrengthen Clan Toreador

one to advance the other.

stopher Monasteryin the County of Galtre

f other powerful Toreador were to learn of

Remus' adherence to-and open practice of the Cainite heresy,

he would find himself hounded from Britain. Many of the
Toreador involved with the English Church do not

fforsjeopardized by such sel

Influen

heresy, While he commands respect among those who know

sgrandizem

+ Remus isa leading practitioner of the Cainite
af him, however, it does not necessarily mean he has access to
any allies (due to the secretive and fragmented nature of the
sect). He has some influence amongthe Toreador who wish to

nen their position in the British Isls.

Destiny: Remusis likely tobe thwarted, either by charact
intervention or by happenstance as the events of Clash of Wills
unfold, Remus iskilled by either the players' charactersor in the
Church's purge of the Cainite heresy after the close of the story
Clan: Toreador
Sire: Talios, the Black Patriarch
Nature
Demeanor:

Fanatic
retaker

Generation: 8th

Embrace: A.D. 982

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Serength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, £
4, Sculpture 3

Skills: Crafts (Stoneworking and calligraphy) 5, Herbalism 2,
Melee 2, Music 5

Knowledges: Academics 4, Linguistics 2, Polites 2, Seneschal 2
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Dominate 3, Potence 3,

pathy 2, Intimidation 1, Leadership

Presence 3, Vicissitude 3
Backgrou
Virtues: Conscience 3,
Road: Road of Heaven 5
Willpower: 7

Farner Lacien (TorrADOR GuouL)
Background: Father Lucien was once a devoted parish

priest. He grew old before his time trying to protect his flock

from the Earl of Galtre's worst excesses. As the life

Sontacts 2, Herd 3, Resources 2, Retainers 4

iE-Control 2, Courage 4

waned, Lucien was drawn closer to the old man, as the
nobleman tried to salvage his eternal soul by making offerings
tothe Church. Lucien wasas repulsed asever, but hissuperiors
wanted him to work with Galtre.

This association brought Lucien into the clutches of
Remus. The Toreador needed a servant in Galtre, someone
who was close to both the Church and the earl. The elderly
priest was the perfect choice

Father Lucien has been a ghoul for almost four years now
During that time, his grasp on sanity hasslipped somewhat; He
has become a devout follower of the Cainite heresy, and se
Remus as his lord and savior.

Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Penicent
strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, App
Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Empathy 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 1, Oration 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Hearth Wisdom 1, Medicine 1
Politics 1, Science 3

Mental: Perception


Unsigned will that leaves Galtre to the Church,
silver ring inseribed with V

Social: Charise pulation 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intellig
Talents: Brawling 1, Dod

Archery 3, Melee 3, Ride 1

Disciplines: Potence |

Willpower: 7
Equipment: Crossbow, shore sword, silver ring with the in
scription "I:IV:XV"

KINE

Jit, LeEFTHERDER

rength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
arisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 2, Leadership 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Cooking 2, Etiquette 1, Farming 1
Herbalism 2, Weaving 1

Knowledges: Hearth
Willpower:
Merits/Flaws: True Faith 2

Wisdom 2

harisma 2, Manipulation 2,

Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Animal Ken 2, Brawl 2, Empathy L, Intimidation 1,
Leadership 1
Skills: Crafts (Blacks
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 5, Occult
Willpower: 7

ce 1, Farming 1
Science 2

Four stakes carved from ash trees, crucifix

Warben DaBors

Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Tyrant

CLASH OF WILLS

Stamina 4
Sharisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

|: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Alertness 1,

Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity
Social:

awling 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 3, Subterfuy

Skills: Archery 2, Briquette 1, Melee 3, Ride 3, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Seneschal 2

Willpower: 6

Equipment: Personal seal of the Earl of Galtte, short sword,
dagger

County Assessors (DuBors' Four
HENCHMEN)

Nature: Varies
Demeanor: Tyrant

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2,
Social

charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearanc
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Dodge 2, I

Perception 2,
imidation 3

power: 4
Equipment: Dagger, club


ey

The Earl of Galtre lies on his deathbed and his lands
hang in the balance. Fearing for his immortal soul,
the earl wills his lands to the Church in

exchange for absolution —or does he?
ws, lis son produces what appears to be.
a a valid will that designates him as heir
to his father's lands. Add the players'
characters under the direction of
Mithras, Prince of London, and what
becomes of the situation? An
unforgettable journey through the
darker side of Cainite politics and
morality!

CLASH OF WILLS

includes:

» An easy-to-run adventure, ready
to pick up and play;

A versatile setting: Drop the
story into an existing chronicle or
play it as a one-shot;

© Tips for launching a chronicle
using this story as a springboard.

!
