# File: Combat.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Credits

Author: Steven Long

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Additional Contributions: Phil Brucato
Editor: Ed McKeogh

Vice President in charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly & Aileen E. Miles

Layout & Typesetting: Matt Milberger

Art: Andrew Bates, Mike Chaney, Matt Milberger, Jeff
Rebner, Steve Prescott, Alex Sheikman, Dan Smith,
Ron Spencer, Brent Trammell

Cover Art: Jeff Rebner, John Tighe, & Lawrence Snelly
Cover Design: Matt Milberger

780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
SUITE 100
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA
CAME STUDIO

©1996 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights resered.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. Vampire: The Masquerade and

Mage: The Ascension are registered trademarks of
White Wolf, Inc. Werewolf: The Apocalypse,

Wraith: The Oblivion, Changeling: The Dream-
ing, Vampire: The Dark Ages and World of
Darkness: Combat are trademarks of White Wolf,

Inc. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.
The mention of, or reference to any company or

product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf on the World Wide
Web at

http://www.white-wolf.com
Do it!
PRINTED IN CANADA.

2 World of Darkness: Combat

Special Thanks
Aileen "I'll Paint Them When I Retire" Miles, for

succumbing to the evil boxed sets with lots of tiny toys.
Larry "Is This Not Awesome?" Snelly, for deeming his
artists' work acceptable.

Matt "Whipping Boy" Milberger, for thinking he was
done with being a whipping boy.

Katie "Wall of Shame" McCaskill, for living next to the
good, the bad and the ugly... well, just the bad and the

ugly.

Kathy "Sticky Paws" Ryan, for impressing the local
ninjas with her rock-climbing prowess.

Rob "You're All Insane!" Dixon, for ten straight hours
of conference-room lunacy.

Emory "Elfs Suck" Hester, for showing his true colors
just after the famed L.S. controversy.

Fred "Combat Slut" Yelk, for playtesting anything and
everything thrown at him.

Andrew "Oops" Bates, for letting people know that he
can draw and not predicting the consequences.

Heartiest apologies to Rob Hatch for leaving his
name out of the writing credits for Rage: Warriors of

the Apocalypse. You can call your vozhd off now, Rob.


woo ca

Contents

Introduction 5
Chapter One: Fight! 9
Chapter Iwo: Combat Maneuvers 21
Chapter Three: Styles 57
Chapter Four: The Supernatural 17
Appendix One: Hit Locations 89
Appendix Two: Sample Characters 91
Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms 95

Introduction 3

Introduction

Cry "Havoc!" and let slip the dogs of war.

— William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar

This product is something that most players of Vampire,
Werewolf, Mage, Wraith, and Changeling may find some-
what unusual: it is a book of optional rules for running
combat in the Storyteller system. There aren't any long,
flavorful pieces of fiction, any settings or any chronicle
outlines, but there are a few characters. Sure, there have been
combat rules in other World of Darkness books, plenty of
them — but in comparison to other games, the Storyteller
system has very few rules for running combat.

And for the most part that's a good thing. As its name
indicates, the Storyteller system is about telling stories — not
about rolling dice, consulting charts or arguing about which rule
applies to a particular situation. The essence of the Storyteller
system is its reliance on the Storyteller and players, not on dice,
to create an intriguing and dramatic game that everyone enjoys.

That having been said, sometimes "storytelling" in a

gaming setting isn't always the best way to deal with certain
situations. Combat is one such situation; in combat, rules are
sometimes necessary. Characters in combat do things — they
run across a room, firing a gun as they go; launch a lightning-
fast kick at an opponent before he can pull the trigger; swing
from a chandelier and tackle one of the bad guys. Relying on
pure storytelling for this is possible; some of the best games
most of us have ever played in have heen run that way. But
storytelling combat doesn't always work for some troupes. It
can raise all sorts of questions about how often someone can
act, what they can do and what happens when they do it.
Some players would rather take a more active role in this part
of the game — making the system more objective than
subjective.

That's why the biggest section of most roleplaying game

Introduction 5

rulebooks is devoted to combat. For better or worse, combat
is the most detail-oriented, rules-intensive part of any game.
There are so many variables to take into account and so many
character actions to anticipate or allow for that a plethora of
rules come into being. Those rules help maintain a balance
between the power of the gamemaster and the "power" of the
players, allowing the game to progress without arguments
about who's really dead and what kind of injury a katana can
realistically inflict.

For many years, the Storyteller system has bucked this
trend. The combat sections in its books were always very
short. There were very few rules about weapons and
how to use them and almost no rules whatsoever
about martial arts and unarmed fighting. What little

was available allowed for a full range of creative inter-

/ Pretations, bur left many questions unanswered.
° World of Darkness: Combat is offered to White
Wolf readers as an optional system of rules for running

/ combat scenarios. In it you'll find new rules on
character creation that take combat into account.

You'll find extensive rules on martial arts, weap-

ons, and many related subjects. And you'll find
statistics on all kinds of weapons — from primitive

clubs to advanced firearms.

In most cases, the rules in this book are new to

_€ the Storyteller system, but they build on
ae has come before. You will

y d "> need at least one of the World of

g- } Darkness game rulebooks —

&- "i 4 Vampire: The Masquerade,
LE fe Vampire: The Dark Ages,

Werewolf: The Apocalypse,

Mage: The Ascension, Wraith:

The Oblivion, or Changeling:

The Dreaming — in order to use

this book. However, in some places

there are rules that conflict with

existing material in the many

zZ/ World of Darkness publications.

"XP Whenever there is a conflict be-

tween existing rules and the rules in

this book, the rules in this book are

the favored ones, if you choose to

use them — they overrule and su-

persede the existing rules. Of course,

Storytellers are always free to dispense
with or change any rule that they don't

like. That's one of the greatest things
about gaming — the ability to tailor the
rules to suit individual tastes.

It bears repeating that every
rule in World of Darkness: Com-
bat is OPTIONAL. Characters


published after this book is released will use the same basic
character creation methods already in use, not the "advanced"
ones in this book. And, of course, if you don't like a rule or find
that it interferes with your game, get rid of it. As always, the
Storyteller has the final say on which rules will be used and
which will be changed in his chronicle.

Furthermore, the fact that there are now optional rules for
combat doesn't mean that you have to use them or that you have
to use them all the time. It's entirely possible and often preferable
to narrate combat — to creatively embellish what happens, in
storytelling fashion, rather than roll dice to find out what occurs.
Doing this properly and fairly is one of the highest arts of the
Storyteller; it usually takes a little practice. If you've never done it
before, practice before you try it for the first time. Rent an action
movie or buy some comic books, and study the fight scenes
carefully. Figure out how you can convey that same sense of action
and excitement in your narration. Think about how you can
structure a fight to achieve the same "feel" you get when you look
at your source material. A well-narrated fight will have that feel and
will be as good as or better than any combat run with rules and dice,
because it will flow more smoothly — more like a combat situation
in a movie than a typical roleplaying game battle. Just because
optional rules are available is no reason to get hung up on them.

Overview

Chapter One: Fight! presents a few upgrades to the core
tules of Storyteller system combat, including rules governing
character creation and the basic order of combat play. (The
basic combat rules from the main Storyteller rulebooks have not
been reprinted here; refer to those books.) A sample character
is provided to detail the new character-creation process.

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers details dozens of
unarmed and armed Combat Maneuvers that characters can
"purchase." It also includes notes on how to create your own
Combat Maneuvers, if you so desire.

Chapter Three: Styles describes many different martial
arts styles that characters can study. Studyinga style is the means
by which most characters will learn Combat Maneuvers. Knowl-
edge of a style also adds another dimension to a character, and
another source of subplots for the Storyteller to exploit.

Vampire: The Dark Ages

World of Darkness: Combat is primarily con-
cerned with modern-era combat, as a casual glance at
the firearms or martial arts sections shows. However,
this book can also prove useful for other historical

periods. In particular, Storytellers running or consider-
inga Vampire: The Dark Ages chronicle can make use
of World of Darkness: Combat. Although common
sense may restrict the martial styles or weapons available
to Dark Medieval Cainites, there is no reason why

experienced brawlers or men-at-arms shouldn't be per-
mitted to use the maneuvers in Chapter Two. Similarly,
any notes referring to Vampire: The Masquerade should
be taken as equally pertinent to Vampire: The Dark
Ages. In particular, the treatment of Disciplines in
Chapter Four: The Supernatural lists each given power
by both its names — first the modern-day version (such
as Wolf Claws) and then the medieval name (Talons of
the Beast). As always, the Storyteller is encouraged to
adapt anything and everything to her individual taste.

Chapter Four: The Supernatural takes a look at the
main Storyteller system rulebooks and provides notes on how
to use many of the combat powers, abilities, and skills
described in those hooks. This chapter certainly isn't exhaus-
tive, but it should provide guidelines for most situations.

Appendix One: Hit Locations contains an optional
system for randomly determining the part of the body hit by
various attacks. This adds another touch of realism to com-
bat, but will slow a game down.

Appendix Two: Sample Characters details four sample
characters that have been created using the new character-
creation rules.

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms describes
dozens of weapons of all types, from many time periods and
from around the world. It also provides rules for learning how
to use weapons (e.g., Weapon Techniques, Firearm Tech-
niques), and it details different types of ammunition for guns.

Introduction 7

This chapter covers the basic rules governing combat in the
Storyteller system. It contains only the changes and the new
rules; existing rules chat are still valid are not reprinted here.

In addition to the information in this chapter, readers
should consult Appendix One, which contains an optional
hit location system, and Appendix Three, which contains
detailed listings of weapons and rules on weapons use.

Character
Creation

Naturally, all of these new rules for combat require some
minor additions to the character-creation process. Fortunately,
they are simple changes, involving how hand-to-hand Combat
Maneuvers (unarmed combat) and Weapon Techniques (just
the opposite) are purchased.

Purchasing Combat
Maneuvers

Characters get a few free Combat Maneuvers. These repre-
sent basic actions that just about anyone could perform in a

combat situation. They include Grapple (a grab-and-hold ma-
neuver); Quick Strike and Heavy Strike (basic punches); Quick
Kick and Heavy Kick (basic kicks); Block (a maneuver that
blocks an opponent's attack); Dodge (evading attacks) and
Sprint (an all-out move). Some characters will have additional
"free" Combat Maneuvers based on their forms or abilities.

Other Combat Maneuvers are purchased with Power
Points. The cost ofa maneuver can be found in that maneuver's
description. A character's Abilities define how many Power
Points she has to work with, as follows:

— For every dot in Athletics, a character gains 2 Power
Points with which to purchase Athletics-hased maneuvers.

— For every dot in Brawl, a character gains 2 Power
Points with which to purchase Brawl-based maneuvers or
Tooth & Claw maneuvers (except for Pounce, which is
purchased with Athletics Power Points).

— For Akashic Brothers, who purchase Do instead of
Brawl: for every dot in Do, a character gains 2 Power Points
with which to purchase Brawl-based maneuvers and another
2 Power Points per dot to purchase Do-based maneuvers.
They also use Do in place of Brawl for the various rolls
associated with combat.

Se | ie

Chapter One: Fight! 9


10

TE
ROWS
WSX7

SO OOS

World of Darkness: Combat

— For every dot in Dodge, a character gains 2 Power
Points with which to purchase Dodge-based maneuvers.

Power Points gained from an Ability can be used only to buy
maneuvers based on that Ability. A player cannot spend Brawl-
based Power Points on Athletics maneuvers, even if a maneuver
has prerequisites involving two or more Abilities; the type of
maneuver, not its prerequisites, defines how you purchase it.

Freebie points and experience points can also be used to
purchase maneuvers. Whichever way a player buys a maneu-
ver, it will cost the same (Power Points x 4 experience or
freebie points). Therefore, if Count Artimous wishes to
purchase the Spinning Thrust Kick maneuver (2 Power
Points), he can do so by spending eight experience points.

_A nlaver mav choose to spend some, but not all, of his
character's initial Power Points, and save the rest for use at
some later point. This often happens when a character
doesn't have enough starting Power Points to buy a particular
maneuver, so the player saves them until his character earns
enough experience points to add to them.

If for some reason you do not want to spend your Power
Points on Combat Maneuvers, you don't have to— not every
character has to know martial arts, after all. Players may
choose not to spend their Power Points at all, and instead
"cash them in" for more freebie points — one extra freebie
point for every 4 Power Points the character would have had
to spend on maneuvers. But note that this rule does not apply
to any points that are left over after a character spends most
of his points on maneuvers. It only applies if a character
chooses to spend none of his points at all. Points left unspent
after a character buys some maneuvers may be saved and
combined with experience points to purchase more maneu-
vers later on.

fa characters Athletics, Draw!, ©, or Doubke abiliies
increase after he initially buys Combat Maneuvers, he gains
the extra Power Points. For example, if a character starts the
game with Brawl 3, he has 6 Power Points for Brawl-based
maneuvers. Several games later he accumulates enough
experience points to buy his Brawl up to Brawl 4; he also gets
2 extra Power Points to spend on Brawl maneuvers. These
Power Points may not be cashed in for further experience.

Purchasing

Weapon Skills

and Maneuvers

Fighting with your fists is not the only way to fight —
there are also a wide variety of weapons available to charac-
ters, from simple clubs to advanced firearms. There are also
some maneuvers associated with some types of weapons.


A character's ability
touse hand-to-hand weap-
ons, such as swords, clubs,
and knives, is governed by
the Melee Skill. This Skill
affects the character-cre-
ation process in two ways:

— For every dot in
Melee, a character may
choose 1 Weapon Tech-
nique. These techniques
define what types of
weapons he is skilled at
using and what types he
knows little about.
Weapon Techniques are
discussed in greater de-
tail in Appendix Three.

— For every dot in
Melee, a character gains
2 Power Points with
which to purchase
Weapon Maneuvers.

Melee covers only
hand-to-hand weapons.
The Firearms Skill covers
the use of all sorts of guns
and related weapons. For
every dot in Firearms, a
character may choose 1
Firearms Technique
(which are also defined in
Appendix Three). There
are no Firearms-basedcom-
bat maneuvers, however.

If a player wants his
character to be familiar
with more weapons, it's
simple enough to pur-
chase extra Weapon or
Firearms Techniques.

Each additional tech-

nique costs 1 freebie point or 2 experience points.

Combat Cards

and Maneuver
Characteristics

Keeping track of all the different combat maneuvers a
character can use is often difficult and time-consuming. It
slows the game down for everyone when somebody has to

look up what a particular maneuver does. Two possible ways
to keep the information at your fingertips are a maneuver

sheet and Combat Cards.

In the back of this book are a Combat Maneuver sheet
and some blank Combat Card forms. Player can either fill out

the maneuver sheet or fill out one
card for each Basic, Advanced and
Weapon maneuver that their char-
acter knows. The sheet and each
Combat Card contain a space for
the character's name, the
maneuver's name, the maneuver's
four characteristics (Initiative, Ac-
curacy, Damage, and Move) and
space for any notes the player wishes
tomake about that maneuver (notes
may also be written on the back of
the cards).

The maneuver characteristics
listed are as follows:

Initiative: The modifier to the
Dice Pool used to determine who
moves first in a combat situation. If
the character botches an Initiative
roll, she cannot act at all that turn.

Accuracy: The modifier to the
Dice Pool used to roll to hit an oppo-
nent. The base difficulty of any
hand-to-hand maneuver (armed or
unarmed) is 6; for Do maneuvers, 7.
The base difficulty to Dodge hand-
to-hand attacks (including weapon
attacks) is 6, +1 per opponent after
the first. For example, if Kevin Yee is
single-handedly holding off three
barghests, his difficulty to dodge their
attacks is 8. As always, the difficulty
cannot be raised above 10.

Botching a roll to hit has two
effects. First, the character fails to
hit his target entirely. Second, he
suffers a -2 Initiative modifier in
the next combat turn.

Damage: The modifier to the
Dice Pool used to roll damage. See
below for more information on
damage.

Move: The modifier to a
character's movement in a combat
turn. By adding the character's
Dexterity and Move modifier, you
get the number of hexes he can
move per turn.

Chapter One: Fight!


"Hexes" in this case refers to the units of movement on
hex-maps and similar gaming aids. The scale for these maps
is usually one inch per hex. If you don't own one of these or
have no desire to use one, the Storyteller can simply assign
a certain number of feet or yards of movement to each unit
of Move. Five feet is suggested; thus, a character with
Dexterity 4 could normally move 20 feet in a combat turn. If
he used a maneuver with a-1 Move modifier, he could move
15 in the turn in which he used that maneuver.

Whether or not a hex-map is being used, the Storyteller
and players might prefur to use miniatures, counters or other
tokens to indicate each character's position on the board.
This can clarify many details of the combat (either a good or
a bad thing, depending on the mood of the game).

A character's Move in a particular curn may be affected by
poor terrain. On ice, mud, a slick pavement, or similar adverse
terrain, the Storyteller may subtract points froma character's
Move during the turn or even halve or quarter it.

Order of Play

The use of Combat Cards has a minor effect how combats

are run. Before proceeding to Stage One (Initiative), the
Le characters each select a Combat Card for the maneuver they

wish to use that turn. If you aren't using cards, then characters
oul d select their maneuvers beforehand as usual.

Once maneuvers have been selected, each character rolls his
Initiative dice (difficulty 4). The character with the highest num-
ber of successes is in an advantageous position, though he does not
necessarily go first. Ties go to the character with the highest
Perception, then the highest Dexterity, then arandom roll (highest
number on one die). Again, ifa character botches an initiative roll,
he may not act at all during the turn.

Play begins with the character who has the lowest Initiative.
That character first uses any movement he wants, up to his Move
rating. Once he is done moving, he may attack and, if he hits,

inflict damage. However, atany point during a character's
movement phase, another character with a higher Initia-
tive may interrupt him, simply by declaring that he is doing so. The

interrupted character must remember how much movement he has
left. The interrupting character then makeshismovementand
SIRS attack; he, in tum, can be interrupted by a faster
SER, character. This continues until all characters have
moved and attacked. (It's very possible that slower
characters may be continually interrupted. This can
lead to interesting situations, particularly if they are prone to frenzy.)
The combat then proceeds to the next turn.
When acharacter finishes his movement, he is ready to attack.
To use a Combat Maneuver or Weapon Maneuver, he must be
within range —for unarmed attacks, this means within arm's length
(in the same hex or an adjacent hex, if using hexmaps); for armed

attacks, this depends on the Reach of the weapon. (If no Reach is
specified, the target must be within arm's length as before.) The


Quick & Dirty Math

To recap, here are the formulas for figuring out the Dice
Pool for each stage of an attack. Modify them however it suits
your taste. Don't worry if they seem a bit intimidating; with
practice, computing Dice Pools should be second nature.
Remember that regardless of modifiers, the minimum Dice
Pool for each of these rolls is one die. You can always try.

Initiative: Wits + Alertness + the maneuver modifier, ifany.
Accuracy: Dexterity + Ability (Athletics, Brawl, Do,
Dodge or Melee) + maneuver modifier - any Health Level
penalties = Dice Pool.

Damage: Strength + modifier = Dice Pool. Soaking comes
after the character rolls damage. (Some Storytellers may
allowa character to add their Brawl or Melee, as appropriate,
to the damage Dice Pool. This reflects a skilled fighter's
ability to strike deadly blows, but can make combat excep-
tionally lethal or unbalanced. If you choose to use this
option, we recommend you subtract the opponent's soak
dice directly from the Dice Pool to keep from having to roll
obscenely huge handfuls of dice every time somebody's hit.)

Move: Dexterity + maneuver modifier = number of hexes
moved per turn.

player states his mancuver (revealing his Combat Card, if any) and
prepares to roll his Accuracy pool to strike. The character may be
interrupted at this point by a quicker character, as outlined above.
However, once the roll to hit has heen made, a character cannot be
interrupted until he finishes rolling damage (if applicable). A
character may use an Abort maneuver at any time, no matter what
his initiative, with some obvious limitations (for example, you can't
dodge an attack that has already landed).

Once the "slowest" character has finished his attack, the "faster"
characters go, until all characters have moved and attacked. The
playersthen pick upany Combat Cards and prepare for thenext turn.

Aggravated Damage

Creature type Causes
Sunlight, fire,claws/teeth of

other supernaturals

Vampires

Silver, fire, radiation,
biochemical weapons,
claws/tecth of other
supernaturals

Garou

Mages

Wraiths Artifact weapons, Stygian steel,
claws/ teeth of Spectres and
the like, certain Arcanos arts,

Barrow-flame

Certain magicks (see Mage 2nd,
pe. 171),claws/teeth of
supernaturals

Combat Ef f ecis

Damage

There are three types of damage that can be inflicted on
characters: standard (Kill) damage, Stun and aggravated.

The standard sort of damage for the Storyteller system (in
this book called Kill damage for short) has the potential to injure
a character permanently or even end his life. Damage from
claws, fangs, weapons, and most types of trauma (c.g., fire,
electricity, falling, poisons) is Kill damage. Kill damage is healed
as described in the various rulebooks.

Stun damage does not permanently injure a character;
instead, it knocks him out. The most common way of doing
Stun damage is with fists (ie, Unarmed Combat Maneu-
vers). However, characters may do Kill damage with such
maneuvers by spending a point of Willpower or Rage.

Stun damage is marked on the character sheet with an S rather
than a slash. When a character reaches Incapacitated, he has been
knocked unconscious. All Stun damage he receives thereafter is
considered Kill damage; the injured character starts down the list
of Health Levels again, marking Stun damage with a slash (/) this
time, and when they are all filled with slashes, he is dead. Thus, it's
possible for one character to beat another to death with his bare
hands, but it takes some effort.

Wraiths are obviously immune to Stun damage. (Optionally,
Storytellers may find it worthwhile tomake vampires immune to Stun
damage; wraiths never should be. As is, the Kindred recover Scun
damage as do mortals — it's technically a dead body, but the brain can
still rattle around in the skull.) Garou recover Stun damage at the rate
of one Health Level per turn (this is automatic; no roll or action is
required). Mortals (mages and changelings) and vampires recover
Stun damage at the rate of one Health Level per hour. However, they
may make a Stamina toll (difficulty 6, +1 for every 2 Health Levels of

Notes
Only soakable if one
has Fortitude

Healing
1 /day of rest +
5 Blood Points

L/day of rest Can be soaked, except

for silver

Per normal healing
time or with vulgar
magick

8 hours Slumbering
(or meditation)

+ 3 Pathos per day

Can be soaked

Chapter One: Fight! 13

Stun damage suffered) to reduce the recovery time toone Health Level
per 10 minutes. Storytellers running more "heroic" chronicles may
speed up recovery time dramatically, if it suits their tastes to do so.
Aggravated damage is, essentially, a "subspecies" of Kill damage.
Most of the types of creatures (except changelings) that exist in the
World of Darkness are particularly susceptible to certain types of
injuries and have difficulty healing from them. Aggravated damage
is always Kill damage. The precise rules for how aggravated damage

affects and is healed by the different types of supernatural beings can
be found in the rulebooks; the chart below is a brief summary.

Dazed

A character who loses more Health Levels (Stun or Kill)
from a single attack than his Stamina rating is said to be
Dazed. A Dazed character's next unused combat turn is
forfeit — lost. If the character has already acted in the turn
in which he is Dazed, he loses his next combat turn; if he has
not yet acted, he cannot act in the current combat turn. If he
is Dazed because he has been interrupted by a faster-acting
character, he loses whatever remains of that combat turn, but
can act the next turn. In any case, a Dazed character cannot
play a Combat Card — he can only stand there, injured and
confused, unable to act while his opponent presses her
advantage. However, regardless of how much damage they
take. characters cannot he Dazed far ao fanned a ROW

Attacks versus Dazed characters are at +1 Accuracy. A
character who is Dazed may spend a Willpower point, Rage
point, or Blood Point to overcome the effects of being Dazed.

For example, Brutus "the Butcher" Harlick has Stamina 4.
He attacks Chang Kwan, an Akashic Brother, and misses.
Chang Kwan then strikes back, and even after Brutus soaks
damage, he takes five Health Levels (ow!). Because the damage
(5) exceeds his Stamina (4), he is Dazed. Since he has already
acted this turn, he loses his next turn. Not wanting to be left wide
open, Brutus spends a point of Willpower to overcome the
effects of being Dazed. Now he can attack next turn as normal
(well, except for being Mauled, of course).

Maneuver Advantages

Some combat maneuvers have benefits other than just
causing damage. The following is a list of additional rules for
representing what a given attack does.

Abort Maneuver: Characters may switch from any
action to any Abort Maneuver at any point during the
combat turn. This costs one point of Willpower (or a Will-
power roll at difficulty 8, whichever method the Storyteller
prefers). There is no difficulty penalty for changing actions
in this fashion. The player immediately replaces any current
Combat Cards or chosen maneuvers with the Abort Maneu-
ver he wants to use. The new Abort Maneuver becomes his
action for that combat turn and allows him to interrupt

14 World of Darkness: Combat

another character's action if the new maneuver has a higher
Initiative that exceeds the other character's Initiative. (Ini-
tiative is not rerolled. Assume that bonus Initiative dice
gained for the Abort Manuever over and above the original
maneuver's Initiative modifier are automatic successes; it's
the character's Willpower, after all.)

For example, Brutus "the Butcher" Harlick is attacked bya
ninja (it could happen). Brutus decides to use a Spinning Back
Fist on him and rolls three successes for Initiative. The ninja,
however, plays a quicker maneuver, a Knee Strike, and scores
five successes. Brutus moves forward, but when the ninja inter-
rupts him and is about to try tostrike him, he realizes he probably
cannot withstand the damage. So, he spends a point of Will-
power and aborts to a Block (which is an Abort Maneuver).
Brutus's original Initiative roll (Wits + Alertness, with amaneu-
ver modifier of -1 for a Spinning Back Fist) scored three
successes. Brutus now replaces the -1 maneuver modifier with a
+4, giving him an 8 for Initiative. He can use this new, higher
Initiative to interrupt the ninja's Knee Strike and hopefully
prevent himself from being injured.

Aerial Maneuver: Aerial Maneuvers, such as flying
kicks, are executed in the air and usually involve leaping.
The fighter may not be affected by sweeps or other Crouch-
ing Maneuvers until after this maneuver lands. Aerial
Maneuvers cannot hit characters who are crouching or who
are atnanwiire lbw te dhe wrod Guu as Garo ie Lapa
form) unless the maneuver's description specifically indi-
cates that they can. Aerial Maneuvers can be used against
Garou in Crinos form, who are so large that a leaping
character cannot pass over them.

Combinations: Some characters will place two or three
maneuvers into a Combination, allowing fora more effective
series of attacks. (See "Combinations," page 49.)

Crouching Maneuver: These maneuvers are performed
very close to the ground. A good example is a Foot Sweep.
Fighters employing Crouching Maneuvers cannot be af-
fected by Aerial Maneuvers (except those specifically designed
to affect crouching characters) and cannot attack airborne or
leaping characters.

Knockback: Some maneuvers cause an opponent to be
moved backwards one or more hexes. This can be a very
effective tactic for interrupting opponents who have used up
all of their Move before they get to attack — with no Move
left, they are effectively denied the opportunity to land a
blow if they are knocked away from their foe.

Knockdown: This effect allows a fighter to knock his
opponent to the ground, often by taking their legs out from
under them. A character who is knocked down suffers a -2
Initiative penalty on his next turnas he gets to his feet. Some
maneuvers (such as Breakfall or Kippup) allow a character to
avoid this effect; at the Storyteller's discretion, a character
on the ground may be able to use some Crouching Maneuvers
without penalty.


Multiple-Hit Maneuver: A few maneuvers score more
than one damage test against an opponent. This does not
require the fighter to split his Accuracy Dice Pool and make
separate rolls to hit; if he hits once with the maneuver, he
can make all of the damage tests. These maneuvers do
not combine damage for purposes of Dazing an oppo-
nent, unless they are part ofa Dazing Combination.

Sustained Hold: Some Grab
maneuvers allow the fighter to tie
his opponent up in a hold that lasts
beyond the combat turn in which
the maneuver is first used. The
fighter will continue to inflict
damage upon his helpless victim
each turn until the victim can es-
cape.

Ifa fighter executing a Sustained
Hold maneuver on an opponent scores
at least one Health Level of damage, she
has immobilized him. The opponent can do
nothing until he escapes from the hold. The
victim is allowed one escape attempt per Jia - WY ime
combat turn, at the very end of the turn. In
order to escape, the victim must defeat the
fighter in a contested roll of Strength versus
Strength. However, with each successive turn that
passes, the victim gains +1 on his Strength for purposes
of breaking free.

If the victim does not break free, he loses his action for
that combat turn (in other words, all he could do was try to
break out). The attacker can choose to play the same
Combat Card next turn and automatically gets to inflict
damage on her held opponent whenever her Initiative allows
her to act. The attacker may instead choose to drop the hold
and play some other Combat Card.

A Sustained Hold lasts until the victim breaks free, the
fighter voluntarily drops it, the victim falls unconscious or a
third person Dazes, knocks out or kills the attacker.

Stunts

In addition to his normal Combat Cards, every
character should have a Stunt Card. This card is played
whenever the character wants to take some unusual
action that isn't covered by Combat Maneuvers. Stunts
have no Initiative, Accuracy, Damage, or Move listed;
instead, the player describes to the Storyteller what he
wants his character to do, and the Storyteller assigns
whatever modifiers he feels are appropriate to the Stunt.

Some possible Stunts include jumping from one
moving vehicle to another, swinging from a chandelier,
grabbing a pole and swinging it around in an attempt to
"clothesline" several opponents or diving in front of a
bullet to save another character. Be creative.

Chapter One: Fight!

A Note on Dice
Pool Splitting

While it is stil! possible under these optional combat
tules for a character to split his Dice Pool and take more than
one action in a combat turn, this can slow combat down. It
tends to throw off the pace of combat action that results
from using Combat Cards. Once you have a ma-
neuver written down on a card, going back and iN

figuring what to take away because you're splitting
your Dice Pool can really slow the game down.
This can also throw off the card-based Initiative
system, so be careful.

NN
N
\

e . &F pl, a 4° — string.
Multiple an. ~ Sle @

° dard initiative roll (Wits +

Actions

Through use of Celerity, Rage, or other powers,
certain characters are able to take more than one
action per combat turn. In this case, for each action

the player may choose a maneuver or Combat Card
and play it in the usual fashion.

There are three possible ways to resolve
initiative. First, the character may make a
separate Initiative roll for each ac-
tion taken (and, of course,
separate Accuracy
Rolls and damage

World of Darkness: Combat

rolls). Although probably the most accurate way of doing
things, this does entail more dice-rolling.

Secondly, you may opt to average the Initiative modifiers of all
the actions and apply them as a whole to the Initiative Dice Pool.
The first action will land on the number of successes rolled. Any
subsequent actions come in order, subtracting one success from the
initiative for each. For example, Mari Cabrah is playing a Neck Bite
(Initiative modifier of +1),a Claw Rake (+3) and then a Hamstring

(-1). The average Initiative modifier is +1; she adds a die to

her Wits + Alertness Dice Pool. She rolls five successes; her

N \ fomor opponent rolls four. Her Neck Bite will land
s\ { first, while her Claw Rake will hit at the same
/ f ,_ time the fomor takes an action. If she is still
standing, she may then strike with the Ham-

Finally, you may make a stan-

Alertness), and then apply
the maneuvers' Initiative
modifiers directly to the
number of successes. In the
above example, say that
Mari rolled four

successes for Ini-

Her

tiative.


Claw Rake would have seven successes, her Neck Bite five and
her Hamstring three. As the simplest method, this system is
recommended. As with all the rules presented here, Storytellers
and players should work together to find the system that works
best for them.

Firearms Rules

With a few exceptions, this book doesn't really change
the rules for using firearms. The exceptions are detailed
below; other information on firearms, including details on
different types of guns and on Firearms Techniques, can be
found in Appendix Three.

Dodging bullets: When dodging attacks from firearms,
acharacter must now roll Dexterity + Athletics and move at
least one hex or drop down to the ground. If a character's
move while dodging takes him behind cover, use the stan-
dard rules for cover.

The difficulty to dodge bullets is still determined by the
availability of nearby cover, as explained in the standard rules.

Full Auto: Characters are not required to use all of the
bullets remaining in a clip to fire full-auto; however, they must
fire at least 6 bullets. The character gets +1 Accuracy and +1
Damage on the attack per two bullets fired, toa maximum of +5
for 10 bullets. On the other hand, the difficulty of the shot is
raised by 2, due to recoil. If the character chooses to fire all of the
bullets in his clip full-auto (minimum of 10 bullets required),
then use the standard rules.

Reloading: Reloading an empty gun takes up one full
combat turn and requires the character's total concentration
(and Dice Pool). However, a character may spend a point of
Willpower to change the clips in two guns in one turn.

Spray: The full-auto option described above assumes
that the character is firing at one target. However, if he so
chooses, a character can fire across an area, instead of
focusing on one foe. To do this, he must fire at least 10
bullets. The attack has a base difficulty of 5, increased by 1 for
every target hex covered by the spray.

The player divides all successes evenly between any
targets in the area and rolls damage against each one; how-
ever, if there is only one target in the area, she can only
receive half of the successes. If the player rolls fewer successes
than there are targets, each target takes one success until
they are used up. For example, Archodias the nocker is firing
at a pack of chimerical giant spiders. He rolls four successes
against the group of six; the first four spiders are each hit
(with one success), while the others are unaffected.

The difficulty to dodge a spray is increased by 2.

Targeting: Appendix One contains an optional hit
location system. At the Storyteller's discretion, this may be
used in place of the standard targeting system.

Character
Creation
Example

Rill's paming .group is starting a Werewolf chronicle.
Having played moody, introspective characters in the past two
chronicles (a Vampire chronicle and a Mage chronicle), Bill
now wants a character who's more visceral, more action-ori-
ented. He decides to pull out all the stops and play a Get of Fenris
Ahroun. After going through the initial character-creation
procedure, Bill's character looks something like this...

Gif1-of-Claws

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5), Stamina 3
(5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appearance 2 (1/
0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimi-
dation 2, Primal-Urge 1, Streetwise |

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Stealth 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation |, Law 1, Linguistics 1,
Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Fetish 2, Kinfolk 2, Past Life 1, Pure
Breed 3

Chapter One: Fight! 17

Gifts: (1) Razor Claws, Inspiration,
Resist Pain
Rank: 1
Rage 8, Gnosis 3, Willpower 6
Having gone through these initial
character-creation steps, Bill turns to
the additional character-creation rules
provided in this book. Based on those
q tules, he determines that he has
g tine ifallowiine Rowar Raia &
spend on maneuvers: 4 Athletics
points (Athletics 2 x2), 8 Brawl
points (Brawl 4 x2), 4 Dodge points
(Dodge 2 x2) and 6 Weapon Maneuver points
(Melee 3 x2). He may also buy 3 Weapon Tech-

niques (Melee 3) and Z Firearm Techniques
aT, (Firearms 2 ).
Bill decides that Gift-of-Claws

will mractice Klaive Dueling

. and that the young Garou
has also received

4 Karate training, so

, he buys these maneu-
i) vers and techniques.

~ Note that not all of his

2 unarmed maneuvers are part
=| of the Karate style, so Gift-of-Claws must
have received additional fighting training
elsewhere (from packmates, members of his
tribe, people he knows at the dojo where he
studied Karate — whatever is appropriate to

the character and the chronicle.)

Basic Maneuvers (free): Bite, Block, Claw

Rake, Claw Slash, Dodge, Grapple, Heavy Kick,

Heavy Strike, Quick Kick, Quick Strike, Sprint
Athletics: Jump, Kippup, Shoulder Smash

Brawl: Knuckle Fist, Phoenix Eye Fist, Foot Sweep,
Spinning Thrust Kick

Dodge: Kick Defense, Punch Defense, Evasion
Melee: Parry, Riposte, Slash, Thrust

Weapon Techniques: Blades, Staff, Bows
Firearm Techniques: Handguns, Shotguns

Bill is now prepared to develop his character's
background a little more.

1s World of Darkness: Combat

Marshall, a young Toreador vampire, has finally tracked
down the person responsible for harassing several of his kine.
Confronting the young punk in a back lot, Marshall prepares
to teach him a thing or two about how vampires fight.
However, what Marshall doesn't know is that his adversary is
really the redcap McCormick, who happens to know a thing
or three about mixing it up himself...

Turn One: Marshall and McCormick are about thirty
feet apart; Marshal is unarmed and sure of himself, McCormick
is carrying a sawed-off pool cue. Both select their actions.
Marshall chooses Flying Kick, the better to close the distance.
McCormick decides to move closer and use Block. Both roll
Wits + Alertness, adding their Initiative modifiers (none for
Flying Kick, + 4 for Block). Marshall gets five successes,
McCormick seven. Marshall goes first.

The Toreador has Dexterity 4, and the Flying Kick adds
+2 Move. He may move a tatal of six hexes, or thirty feet. He
breaks into a run and launches himself at the leather-clad
punk, who interrupts to block. Marshall's Dexterity (4) +
Brawl (3) give him seven dice to hit, plus one for the Flying
Kick's Accuracy modifier. He rolls eight dice against a diffi-
culty of 6; he gets four successes, which is plenty. He has
Strength 2 and Potence 2; adding in the +1 Damage for the
Flying Kick, he gets to roll three dice for damage, plus two
automatic successes for Potence. He gets four successes in all.
McCormick rolls his Block dice: Stamina (4) + Dodge (2)

give him six dice. He gets four successes, and takes no damage.

Image: Gift-of-Claws (human name: Ethan Robertson)
isa warrior born and bred. He carries himself with a discipline
and nobility not common among his tribe, though he is as
quick as any of his tribemates to take offense at insults and to
leap into combat because of them.

Roleplaying Hints: Swagger, but in a dignified fashion.
Make your self-confidence and honor plain to all. Always
keep your word. Never let anyone question your honor,
breeding or anything else and get away with it.

History: Ethan Robertson was born ofa human mother and
a Garou father. All his life he was rebellious and angry, lashing
out at anything that bothered him. The psychologists his mother

Example of Play

Turn Two: Now in close combat, the two select
maneuvers again. Marshall decides to spend a Blood
Point, and gets to play two actions (thanks to his Celer-
ity). He decides to play Heavy Kick and Ripping Bite.
McCormick opts to smack the vampire upside the head
with his pool cue, choosing to use a Great Blow. Marshall
rolls four successes for initiative, modified to three for the
Heavy Kick and Ripping Bite (both with Initiative modi-
fiers of -1; theyll land virtually simultaneously).
McCormick rolls four successes as well. He would nor-
mally take a -2 for the Great Blow, burt he gets +2 from
Blocking last round; the two cancel out.

Marshall strikes first on three, but as he draws back, the
redcap decides to interrupt his attack. McCormick rolls his
Dexterity (3) + Melee (4) —he has no Accuracy modifiers.
He scores five successes. His Dice Pool for damage is his
Strength (4) + club damage (1) + 3 for the Great Blow: eight
dice! He gets six successes, and Marshall is only able to soak
two. Marshall takes four Health Levels of damage; since his
Stamina is only 3, he's Dazed! He immediately loses any
actions he might have been able to take this turn.

Turn Three: Marshall decides to try and Throw
McCormick out of the way. The redcap, however wants to
teach this undead upstart a real lesson. He decides to spend
a point of Glamour to do the obviously impossible —
taking a huge bite out of the Toreador's arm! The two roll
initiative again...

consulted ascribed this anger to the lack of male authority figures
in his life, but that knowledge still didn't help her control him.

When Ethan was in his mid-teens and beginning to get into
serious trouble with the law, he was found by the Garou, who
revealed his true nature to him. At first, Ethan thought that this was
really cool. He could change into a 10-foot wolf-monster! He had
claws! Soon, though, he began to look beyond his initial impres-
sions at Garou society and history and was impressed by what he
saw. With the help of the elders in his tribe, he has become a much
more serious, honorable, dignified person than anyone who knew
himasachild would ever have expected — but he's still damn good
in a fight if need be.

Chapter One: Fight! 19

Cha pier Two:

Combal
Maneuvers

This chapter covers the maneuvers that characters use
to fight, both unarmed and armed. In the next chapter you'll
see how groups of maneuvers are put together to form styles.

Combat
Maneuvers

Combat Maneuvers are maneuvers that do not involve
the use of weapons. They range from the most basic
down'n'dirty streetfighting punches and low blows to the
most artistic and esoteric martial arts maneuvers. They are
divided into two categories of mancuvers: Basic Maneuvers,
which are known by every character, and Advanced Maneu-

vers, which must be purchased. Basic Maneuvers may vary by
character type; vampires and Garou, for example, have a few
more Basic Maneuvers than do mortals.

The base difficulty to hit an opponent with any Combat
Maneuver is 6; for Do maneuvers, 7. The difficulty to dodge hand-
to-hand attacks is a base of 6, +1 per opponent after the first.

Unless otherwise noted, Unarmed Combat Maneuvers
do only Stun damage. (The exception is damaging wraitts;
Unarmed Combat Maneuvers will do damage just as if they
were any other source, with some exceptions — a wraith
takes no damage from being strangled, for instance. Com-
mon sense should be your guide.) A character may spend a
Willpower point, Rage point, or Blood Point to do Kill
damage with a maneuver.

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers 71


Basic
Maneuvers

Basic Maneuvers are elementary fighting maneuvers in-
stinctively known to all characters — no training is necessary to
use these maneuvers. They're not very elegant or precise, but
they work. These maneuvers also represent the most elementary
martial arts maneuvers that beginning fighters learn.

BLOCK

Prerequisites: None

Power Points: None

Description: A basic defensive action in which the
character stops an opponent's attack from injuring him by
blocking it, usually with his hand or forearm.

System: When a character uses Block, he adds his rating
in Dodge to his Stamina for purposes of calculating Soak
Dice. However, some attacks, such as Grabs, ignore Blocks
and may only be soaked with the character's Stamina.

Block has two other advantages. First, the turn after a
character uses a Block, he gets +2 Initiative to his maneuver
that turn; this represents a character's ability to quickly
counterattack after deflecting a blow. Second, Block pre-
vents a character from suffering a Knockdown from any
attack that would normally cause one (except for Knock-
down from attacks that ignore Blocks, such as Grabs).

Block cannot he used to block an attack from a weapon. For
that, the character must either know an Advanced Maneuver or
use a weapon and the appropriate Weapon Maneuver.

Block can be played as an Abort Maneuver.

Cost: None

Initiative: +4

Accuracy: None

Damage: None

Move: +0

DODGE

Prerequisites: None

Power Points: None

Description: The invaluable art of getting out of the
way of attacks.

System: When a character usesan action tododge, she rolls
her Dexterity + Dodge. The number of successes she scores
indicates how many successes are subtracted from her opponent's
to-hit roll. The difficulty to Dadge increases with the number of
attackers. If attacked multiple times, the character may choose
which attack to dodge, or split her Dice Pool.

Dodge can be played as an Abort Maneuver.

Cost: None

Initiative: +6

2? World of Darkness: Combat

Accuracy: None
Damage: None
Move: +1

GRAPPLE

Prerequisites: None

Power Points: None

Description: A simple grab and squeeze attack.
System: This is a Sustained Hold.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +0

Move: +0

HEAVY KICK

Prerequisites: None
Power Points: None

Description: A hard-hitting kick, often used after an
opponent has been set up or Dazed. It can simulate a wide
variety of side kicks, roundhouse kicks and similar attacks.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1
Accuracy: -1
Damage: +2
Move: -1

HEAVY STRIKE

Prerequisites: None
Power Points: None

Description: An all-out punch (or other strike of some
sort) in an attempt to injure the opponent.

Cost: None
Initiative: +0
Accuracy: +0
Damage: +1

Move: +0

QUICK KICK

Prerequisites: None

Power Points: None

Description: A fast, sometimes desperate, kick, usually

to the opponent's abdomen or legs. It can simulate a wide
variety of front kicks, snap kicks, low kicks and so on.

Cost: None
Initiative: +1
Accuracy: +0
Damage: +1

Move: +0


QUICK STRIKE Advanced

Prerequisites: None

Power Points: None Ma mewvers

Description: A quick, basic attack with a fist, elbow,
| knee or other striking appendage.

Cost: None

| Initiative: +3

Advanced Maneuvers are special fighting abilitics that
can only be learned through training. As explained in Chap-
ter Two, characters must purchase these maneuvers using

Power Points.
There are 10 types of Advanced Maneuvers, which are

Accuracy: +0

| Damage: +0 split into categories defined by the Ability or characteristic
| Move: +1 they are based on. These categories are as follows:
SPRINT Athletics Maneuvers
Prerequisites: None Brawl Maneuvers Dodge Maneuvers
Power Points: None e Punches © Blocks
Description: An all-out move, used to cross the battle- @ Kicks © Evasions
field quickly. © Grabs Tooth & Claw Maneuvers
Cost: None ¢ Throws Shapechanging Maneuvers
Initiative: +3 Do Maneuvers Weapon Maneuvers
Accuracy: N/A
Damage: N/A Each maneuver grants modifiers to four characteristics —
Move: +3 Initiative, Accuracy, Damage, and Move. In most cases these

will be written as a number (e.g., +1, -2). Some maneuvers have
a Move modifier that is written as a word (e.g., "One"); this
means that when the character uses that maneuver, he is limited
to exactly that many hexes of movement (rather than a bonus
or penalty to his normal Move).

Athletics

Mianeuv: ers

Athletics Maneuvers are,
of course, based on

<< the Athletics
SSA Skill. They

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers 23


typically involve jumping and acrobatic actions and are
quite "flashy."

Except for the "Jump" maneuver, Garou in Hispo and
Lupus forms may not use Athletics Maneuvers.

BACKFLIP

Prerequisites: Athletics 3
Power Points: 4

Description: Using this retreating defensive maneuver,
a well-trained fighter can avoid nearly any attack. The
Backflip is actually a series of back-handsprings that can take
a competent gymnast halfway across the battlefield while he
dodges projectiles and other attacks.

System: While executing this maneuver, the fighter can
only move in a straight line away from his foe, but while
doing so, he cannot be harmed by any attack. However, he
will be vulnerable to attack both before and after this
maneuver is executed.

Cost: 1 Willpower
Initiative: +3
Accuracy: None
Damage: None

Move: +2

BREAKFALL

Prerequisites: Athletics 1
Power Points: 3

Description: Many styles, such as Jujutsu and Aikido,
emphasize throwing techniques. Before one can learn how to
throw, however, one must learn how to be thrown without
suffering serious injury. Breakfall is usually performed asa roll
onto the shoulders and arms, with the head tucked in to
protect against neck injuries.

System: Breakfall is practiced until it becomes instinctive;
therefore, it does not count as an action and a Combat Card does
not have to be played to use it. Whenever the fighter is thrown
or takes damage from a maneuver that causes Knockdown, this
maneuver allows him to reduce the damage he takes from the fall
by one point for each success made on a Dexterity + Athletics
roll. (Note: Breakfall only applies to maneuvers in which hitting
the ground is what causes the damage; it does not protect a
character from damage caused by a maneuver that injures her
and then knocks her down. For example, Breakfall applies to all

Throw Maneuvers, but not to punches that happen to do
Knockdown.)

Additionally, Breakfall allows the fighter to ignore the -2
Initiative penalty that is normally suffered when she is Knocked
Down. This applies to any Knockdown. When using Breakfall,
a character gets back on her feet instantly; she does not have to
spend a turn to do so or make any kind of roll.

24 World of Darkness: Combat

Cost: None
Initiative: See above
Accuracy: See above
Damage: See above
Move: See above

DRUNKEN MONKEY ROLL

Prerequisites: Athletics 2
Power Points: 2

Description: Practitioners claim that the unjustly im-
prisoned founder of Monkey Style Kung Fu invented this
evasive maneuver after watching a group of monkeys through
the bars of his jail cell. The monkeys would become inebri-
ated after drinking wine thrown out by the guards and would
stagger and roll around on the ground. By copying the
monkeys' antics, the master developed a series of evasive
tumbles and the Drunken Monkey Roll was born.

System: This maneuver is a good all-purpose evasive tech-
nique. It isa Crouching Maneuver. It can also be used to interrupt
and evade projectile attacks (use the same rules as for Jump).

Cost: None
Initiative: +3
Accuracy: None
Damage: None

Move: +2

GROUNDFIGHTING

Prerequisites: Athletics 4
Power Points: 3

Description: Although you'd never know it from watch-
ing kung fu movies, a large number of fights end up with both
fighters on the ground, struggling to defeat each other. In this
situation, a fighter who has been trained in groundfighting
has a distinct advantage.

System: This maneuver does not require a Combat Card; it
issimply invoked when a fighter falls down, is thrown, is knocked
down orisatherwisenrone. The fighter does norhave to rise from
the ground to continue fighting (although if he does, he suffers
the standard -2 Initiative penalty unless he has Breakfall or
Kippup). While fighting from the ground, he may use any Basic
or Advanced Maneuvers other than hip-derived torquing ma-
neuvers (i.e., many throws), Aerial Maneuvers or other maneuvers
that the Storyteller rules simply cannot be used while prone.

Fighters who do not have this maneuver are at -3
Initiative and -3 damage when they try to use a maneuver
from the ground, even if their opponent is also on the ground.

Fighting against a groundfighting opponent when the

fighter is standing up can be difficult, as well. Maneuvers that are
specially intended to work against Crouching characters (e.g.,


an Axe Kick) and any other "low" attacks work normally, but A Jump card played with a Basic Maneuver represents

any other physical strikes will be at -2 Initiativeand-2 Accuracy. the fighter jumping on the opponent to deliver a punch or
Cost: | Willpower kick. This turns the standard punch or kick into an Aerial
Initiative: See above Maneuver. The fighter uses the modifiers for the Basic

Maneuver and does not add the +1 Move for the Jump.

Accuracy: See above
Note that, for purposes of creating Combinations, the fighter

must distinguish between a Basic Maneuver anda Basic Maneuver
played with aJump card. This distinction must be made when the
Combination is created. For example, a character might create a
Heavy Kick-Roundhouse Kick Combination. Since this Combi-
nation was not built with a Jump element, the Jump card cannot

Power Points: | be played with the Heavy Kick. If the maneuver were a Jumping

Description: Jump is a simple maneuver that allows the | Heavy Kick-Roundhouse Kick, then he has to Jump to use the
character to vault over incoming projectiles, most obstacles | Combination; he cannot "ignore" the Jump element.

and so forth. It isa prerequisite to many Athletics maneuvers. Ifa fighter plans to use a Jump to dodge a projectile attack, he
Note that using Jump is not the same thing as must wait for an opponent to declare that he is the target
using the Jump Chart rules from the basic Story- of a projectile attack. If the fighter's Jump has
teller System rulebooks. The Jump Maneuver is a higher Initiative than the projec-
more graceful and agile than a standard jump tile attack, he can interrupt the
and often takes the character farther as well. opponent's attack and try to
dodge the incoming attack by
jumping over it or away from it
(ofcourse, ifthe fighter's Jump
has a lower Initiative,
he's just out of luck).
The two fighters
make a

Damage: See above
Move: See above

JUMP

Prerequisites: Athletics 1

Storytellers and players should be
aware that this maneuver is not
entirely realistic; using it, a high
school jock could leap
six feet into the air! If
this is a little too
"dramatic" for
your game,
scale the ma-
neuver down. \¥%

hf, if,

System: A ‘ ( Ul, y
character can ™
jump three feet up into
the air or five feet forward
for every dot in Athletics. In
combat situations, using
Jump adds +1 to Move
when used by itself (i-e., .
not in conjunction with iG
an attack maneuver).

A character can play a
Jump card along with any of 2
the Basic Maneuver attacks,
with any Advanced Maneuver
that has it as a prerequisite or by
itself. If played alone, the Jump
card indicates that the fighter is mov-
ing across the battlefield by jumping;
he uses the maneuver modifiers listed
below. When used alone as a move,

Jump can be played as an Abort ac- Qs °
tion. Itisalsoan Aerial Maneuver. ©


resisted roll, comparing the attacker's projectile attack Technique
to the jumping fighter's Dexterity + Athletics. If the attacker wins
the roll, the jumping fighter is hit by the missile (maybe he mistimed
his leap or perhaps the attacker simply managed to blast him out of
the air) and must immediately end his turn.

Ifthe fighter uses the Jump card with a Basic Maneuver attack,
he can try to dodge a projectile and then still deliver his attack.

Garou in Hispo and Lupus forms can use this maneuver.
Cost: None

Initiative: +3

Accuracy: None

Damage: None

Move: +1

KIPPUP

Prerequisites: Athletics 2

Power Points: 1

Description: One of the most basic Athletics fighting maneu-
vers, the Kippupallowsa prone fighter to get to hisfeetalmost instantly.
The fighter curls his legs up off the ground and kicks them up into the
air while simultaneously arching his back powerfully. The resulting
motion practically bounces him off the ground and to his feet.

System: A fighter who knows the Kippup maneuver
only suffers a -1 Initiative penalty the turn after he suffers a
Knockdown (instead of the standard -2 penalty). Kippup is
not played as a Combat Card; its effect is automatic.

Cost: None
Initiative: See above
Accuracy: None
Damage: None
Move: None

SHOULDER SMASH

Prerequisites: Athletics 2, Jump

Power Points: 2

Description: This simple and effective maneuver is most
commonly used by wrestlers and other types of fighters who
don't mind getting in close and really mixing it up. The fighter
jumps at his opponent as hard as he can, slamming into him with
his shoulder, much like a football player making a tackle.

System: The fighter's opponent must be standing in the
same hex with him, or in an adjacent hex for the fighter to
use this maneuver. The fighter moves into the opponent's
hex, rolls damage for the Shoulder Smash and then finishes
his movement. The Shoulder Smash is an Aerial Maneuver.

Cost: None
Initiative: +0

Accuracy: -1

Damage: +2
Move: -l

26 World of Darkness: Combat

Brawl Mia meuvers

Punches

Punches are attacks made with the hands, fists, or elbows.

ATEMI STRIKE

Prerequisites: Brawl 4, Phoenix Eye Fist
Power Points: 4

Description: The fighter strikes one of his opponent's
vital points, causing agonizing pain. The vital points are
known as kyusho in Japan, tien-hsueh in China, kuepso or
keupso in Korea, Awyet in Vietnam, marman in India and
rahasia in Indonesia.

System: The fighter must be able to strike an unarmored
vital point on his opponent's body; if all of his opponent's
vital points are protected, he cannot use this maneuver. If the
maneuver is used successfully, damage from it cannot be
soaked at all. However, the maneuver can be blocked, in
which case damage from it may be soaked as normal.

Cost: 1 Willpower

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: -1

Damage: +2

Move: -2

DISARM

Prerequisites: Brawl 3
Power Points: 3

Description: The fighter skillfully strikes his opponent's
weapon, hand or arm, not to cause damage, but to knock a
weapon out of his opponent's grasp.

System: The fighter rolls his Strength + Brawl, difficulty 6.
The target soaks the damage by rolling Strength (difficulty 6).
For every success that the fighter has left after the target makes
a soak roll, the weapon flies from the target's hands one hex in
a direction specified by the fighter. If the fighter does not score
at least one success after the soak, the target does not lose his
weapon. If the Disarm roll is botched, the fighter strikes the
weapon in sucha way that he is damaged by it (his opponent may
roll normal damage, with no maneuver modifiers).

Cost: None

Initiative: -1]

Accuracy: None

Damage: None

Move: None

DUCKING PUNCH

Prerequisites: Brawl 2
Power Points: 2


Description: The fighter crouches low and delivers a
short, powerful punch to his opponent's midsection (or
even below-the-helt, for particularly vicious fighters).

System: This is a Crouching Maneuver.
Cost: None
Initiative: +0

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1
Move: None

EAR POP

Prerequisites: Brawl 2
Power Points: 3

Description: The fighter slaps both of his opponent's
ears with his hands slightly cupped, causing incredible air
pressure to rush into his opponent's ears; the opponent
suffers intense pain (and, possibly, temporary or permanent
loss of hearing). It is a vicious maneuver, considered "dis-
honorable" by some fighters.

System: This strike completely ignores the victim's
Stamina for purposes of soaking damage.

Cost: None
Initiative: -1
Accuracy: -2
Damage: -3
Move: -1

ELBOW SMASH

Prerequisites: Brawl |
Power Points: 2

Description: Common to Muay Thai and certain
other martial arts styles, this devastating punch has
knocked out many a fighter.

System: Use the modifiers listed below.
Cost: None

Initiative: +2

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: One

EYE RAKE

Prerequisites: Braw] 2
Power Points: 2

Description: In a truly desperate move, the fighter
clenches his fingers into a claw and rakes it across his
opponent's face and eyes. This causes little or no damage,
but temporarily blinds an opponent.

Na

\

System: Very little damage ever results from this attack,
but for the next turn the opponent must fight blind and is
effectively Dazed.

Cost: None

Initiative: +2

Accuracy: +0

Damage: -3
Move: +0

GRAB PUNCH

Prerequisites: Brawl 2

Power Points: 2

Description: This simple yet effective maneuver is
derived from Monkey Style Kung Fu. The fighter lunges
forward, grabs his opponent's blocking arm, pulls it out of the
way and then delivers a powerful punch with his free hand.

System: The Grab Punch is similar to the Heavy Strike,
except that itis slower and it ignores Blocks. If the opponent
uses Block, he does not get to add his Block to his soak total

to resist damage from this attack.
Cost: None

Initiative: -2

Accuracy: +0
Damage: +1

Move: +0

HAYMAKER

Prerequisites: Brawl] 1

Power Points: 2
Description: This is an all-out punch in which the
fighter takes the time to "wind up" and impart extra force to
the blow. A broad overhead swing of the fist is often used to
give the blow extra impact.

System: An opponent struck by a Haymaker must make
a resisted Strength roll to see if he is also knocked back one
hex. This punch will cause a Knockdown against Aerial
opponents.
Cost: None

Initiative: -2

AY
ps
' Accuracy: -!
\ Damage: +2
Move: -2

HEAD BUTT

Prerequisites: Brawl 1

Power Points: 1
Description: The fighter smashes his head into his
opponent. This can cause severe damage. However, the


fighter has to train long and hard to learn how to use his head
in this fashion without causing injury to himself.

System: Use the modifiers listed below.
Cost: None

Initiative: +0

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +1

Move: -2

HYPER FIST

Prerequisites: Brawl 4
Power Points: 4

Description: Fighters who master this maneuver are
able to throw a flurry of punches, usually uppercuts and short
jabs to the abdomen, that pound their opponents with
multiple hits.

System: The fighter gets to roll three damage tests
against the victim.

Cost: | Willpower
Initiative: +1
Accuracy: +1
Damage: -1
Move: One

KNUCKLE FIST

Prerequisites: Brawl 2

Power Points: 3

Description: This maneuver is just like a typical punch,
except that it is not thrown with a clenched fist — instead,
the fighter does not flex the innermost joint of his fingers,
leaving the bony middle knuckles pointing forward to strike
the opponent — reducing the area of impact, thus increasing
the damage caused by the punch.

System: An opponent struck by a Knuckle Fist must
make a resisted Strength roll to see if she is also knocked back
one hex. This punch will cause a Knockdown against Aerial
opponents.

Cost: None

Initiative: +1

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: +0

PHOENIX EYE FIST

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

Power Points: 2

Description: This maneuver is like a regular punch,
except that the middle finger (or sometimes the thumb) is
allowed to protrude above the fist, creating a more pointed

surface with which to strike the opponent. The force of the
punch is typically directed at the opponent's nerve clusters
for maximum effectiveness.

System: An opponent struck with this maneuver will
suffer numbness in the following round. If any damage is
inflicted, the opponent suffers a -1 to Move during the next
round. If no damage is inflicted, it is assumed that the strike
missed the nerve cluster and doesn't appreciably slow the
opponent down.

Cost: None
Initiative: +0
Accuracy: -1
Damage: +1

Move: +0

POWER UPPERCUT

Prerequisites: Brawl 1
Power Points: 4

Description: This powerful punch starts low and ends
high, as the fighter brings his fist up underneath his opponent's
jaw (or into his opponent's stomach, if used to interrupt an
Aerial Maneuver). By using his leg and back strength, a
fighter can do some serious damage with this maneuver. The
force with which the blow is thrown will often lift the fighter
a few inches off the ground.

System: If used to interrupt an Aerial Maneuver, the
Power Uppercut will cause a Knockdown, knocking the
opponent out of the sky before he can land his own attack.

Cost: None
Initiative: -1
Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: One

SPINNING BACK FIST

Prerequisites: Brawl 2
Power Points: 3

Description: The fighter spins around, adding force to
his blow from the momentum of the spin. As the spin is
completed, he brings the back of his fist into contact with his
opponent's jaw, with devastating results.

System: A character executing a Crouching Maneuver
will not be hit by this attack.

Cost: None
Initiative: -]
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +1
Move: +I

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers 29


rE
SWORD HAND

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

attack targets the opponent from above, crouching targets
will take a hit just like anybody else. Jumping opponents will

Power Points: 4 also be struck and will suffer a Knockdown.

Description: Known in the west as the "karate chop,"
this maneuver actually takes two forms. The first is to use the
edge of the flattened hand to strike the target, usually with Accuracy: -1
the intent of breaking bones or inflicting other serious injury. Damage: +2
The second, more difficult form is to flatten the hand and Move: -2
strike with the fingertips, driving the fighter's hand into his
opponent's body.

System: This punch ignores any bonuses the target
gains from wearing armor, having especially tough skin or
similar powers. It does not ignore Fortitude or the Maka
Wara ability, however.

This maneuver only does Kill damage.

Cost: None
Initiative: -1

DOUBLE KICK

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

Power Points: 4
Description: This special move is a combination of two
kicks, usually a roundhouse-style kick followed by a spinning

Cost: N thrust kick. Some fighters prefer to use one low, hard kick
ost None followed by a second kick to the abdomen, chest or head from

Initiative: -1 the same foot (a "change-up kick").

System: This maneuver scores two damage tests on the
Damage: +2 victim. Opponents using Crouching or Aerial maneuvers
Move: -2 will only get hit once, though.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1 i

Accuracy: +1

TWO-FISTED SMASH

Prerequisites: Brawl 2 Accuracy: +1

Power Points: 3 Damage: +0
Description: The fighter clenches his hands together Move: +1
into one big fist and uses it to smash his opponent. Usually

the fighter swings the fist down onto an opponent's head or s_ EY WING KICK

back, but the swing can also be side-to-side. Prerequisites: Brawl 3, Athletics 3, Jump

Power Points: 4

Cost: None Description: The fighter launches himself feet-first in
Initiative: -2 the air toward his opponent. He ends the move with a
powerful kick, usually to his opponent's head or midsection.

System: The Flying Kick is an Aerial Maneuver.
Move: One Cost: None

Initiative: +0
Kicks

Kicks are attacks performed with the legs, feet and
knees. They include simple attacks intended to damage and Move: +2
more sophisticated maneuvers, such as leg sweeps.

System: Use the modifiers below.

Accuracy: -1
Damage: +3

Accuracy: +1

aac EF RE OAM EL HEN ay ran rite

Damage: +1

FOOT SWEEP

AXE KICK

Prerequisites: Brawl] 2, Jump

Power Points: 3

Description: The fighter begins this maneuver by leaping
into the air as he stretches his leg high above his head. As he

comes down, he slams his leg into his opponent's head or
shoulders, using his momentum to increase the force of the blow.

System: This kick is an Aerial Maneuver. The fighter
travels his allowed movement in the air using the -2 modifier
and ends his attack in the same hex as his target. Because this

30 World of Darkness: Combat

Prerequisites: Brawl 2
Power Points: |
Description: This maneuver is a low, powerful kick

designed primarily to knock an opponent off his feet, but not
cause damage. Still, the combined force of the kick and the

fall is not pleasant.

System: Victims of a successful Foot Sweep suffer a

Knockdown in addition to normal damage. The Foot Sweep
is a Crouching Maneuver.

Cost: None

el

Initiative: -2 + Athletics minus the opponent's Strength; the fighter
Accuracy: +0 moves back one hex. This maneuver is especially dangerous
Damage: +1 when used in fights taking place on rooftops, near vats of
Move: -2 dangerous chemicals, on cliffsides and so forth.
Cost: None
HANDSTAND KICK Initiative: +2

Prerequisites: Brawl 2, Athletics 2 Accuracy: +0

Damage: -4
Move: +1

Power Points: 2

Description: This flashy kick is a specialty of practitioners
of the Capoeira fighting style. The fighter bends over, places his
hands on the ground, and then presses his legs up intlo a ~=TIRON BROOM

handstand. The legs snap up with tremendous kicking force. Prerequisites: Braw! 2, Ath-

System: Aerial opponents will suffer a Knockdown in letics 1, Foot Sweep
addition to damage if successfully attacked with this maneuver. Power Points: 4

Characters may, if they choose, remain standing on i< }
their hands after they make this attack. When doing hand-
stands, characters can move a maximum of one
hex per turn. They may only attack with this
maneuver.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +2

Move: -2/One (see above)

EEL SP air /

Prerequisites: Brawl |
Power Points: 2

Description:
This maneuver is not
designed to cause a lot
of damage; rather, it is
used when the fighter
wants to put a little dis-
tance between herself and her
opponent. She raises her leg and
smashes her heel into her opponent's
chest, knocking the opponent in
one direction and propelling her-
self in the other.

System: When this maneu-
ver is used, the opponent is
Knocked Back. The opponent
is moved a distance in hexes
equal to the fighter's Strength


eas

Description: Also known as a tiger's tail sweep or
dragon's tail sweep, this maneuver is a Foot Sweep executed
against multiple opponents. The fighter drops low, extends
his kicking leg and whirls around quickly, kicking his oppo-
nents and knocking their feet out from under them.

System: The fighter rolls for damage against everyone in
his own hex and the six hexes surrounding (adjacent to) his

hex. Any victim who suffers damage is knocked down.

The Iron Broom is a Crouching Maneuver.

Cost: 1 Willpower
Initiative: -2

Accuracy: +0
Damage: +2
Move: None

KNEE STRIKE

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

Power Points: 5

Description: In this vicious maneuver, the fighter stands
near his opponent and leaps up to knee him in the stomach, chest
or face, using the momentum of the leap to increase the damage.

System: To use this attack, the fighter must be in the same
hex as his opponent. It does not count as an Aerial Maneuver.
The victim of a Knee Strike will suffer a Knockdown.

Cost: None
Initiative: +2

Acouracys tH!

Damage: +1
Move: None

REVERSE FRONT KICK

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

Power Points: 4

Description: The fighter launches a feint kick past the
head of his opponent, then quickly reverses it with a sharp
snapping motion, driving his heel into the back of his
opponent's head.

System: This kick ignores Block Maneuvers.
Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1
Moxes -!

ROUNDHOUSE KICK

Prerequisites: Brawl 1
Power Points: 3

32 World of Darkness: Combat

Description: The fighter faces his opponent squarely,
then pivots and kicks him (usually high), using the momen-
tum from the pivot to increase the power of the kick.

System: Use the modifiers below.
Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +2

Move: +0

SPINNING THRUST KICK

Prerequisites: Brawl! 2

Power Points: 2

Description: The fighter spins around and then thrust-
kicks his opponent, using the momentum from the spin to
increase the power of the kick. Sometimes the fighter will hit
his opponent with his heel as his foot whips around; this is
known as a Spinning Back Kick.

System: Use the modifiers below.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +3

Move: -1

Grabs

Grabs are maneuvers in which the fighter obtains a hold on his
opponent and then uses that hold to injure or inconvenience him
in some way. Grabs range from brute-force bearhugs to sophisti-
cated joint-locks that can be performed with only one hand.

With some grabs, the fighter gets a hold on his opponent,
does something to hurt him, and then releases him. Other grabs,
known as Sustained Holds, can be maintained for a period of
time. Refer to Chapter One for details on Sustained Holds.

One important advantage to Grab maneuvers is that
they cannot be blocked — Blocks do not decrease the
damage from them.

BACKBREAKER

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

Power Points: 2

Description: The fighter grabs his opponent, turns his
body over, raises him high into the air and smashes him to the
ground (or, for added effect, onto the fighter's raised knee).

System: The opponent suffers a Knockdown in addition
to damage.

If the fighter smashes the victim onto his knee rather
than the ground, the damage is Kill damage; this form of the
maneuver can cause serious spinal injuries.

Cost: None

Initiative: -2
Accuracy: -1
Damage: +2

Move: One

BEAR HUG

Prerequisites: Brawl 2
Power Points: 2

Description: Tired of faster, more agile fighters dancing
tings around you? Grab that irritatingly quick little pipsqueak
and crush him to your chest until his bones crack! The Bear Hug
is an old standby for many wrestlers, and a few other styles have
adopted it as well.

System: The Bear Hug is a Sustained Hold.
Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: -1

Damage: +1

Move: One

CHOKE HOLD

Prerequisites: Braw] 3

Power Points: 4

Description: The fighter grabs his opponent around the
neck (usually from behind) and applies pressure to cut off the
victim's air and blood flow, knocking him unconscious.

System: This maneuver is a Sustained Hold. The victim
automatically loses one Health Level for every turn after the
first in which the hold is maintained (he loses no Health
Levels at all the first turn, but is unable to speak or shout).
This damage may not be soaked. Upon reaching Incapaci-
tated, the victim loses consciousness; if the hold is maintained
he will begin to die, as is usual for Stun-damage maneuvers.

Choke Holds do no damage to characters who do not
need to breathe (for example, vampires), although it will
prevent them from speaking.

This maneuver is intended for use against humanoid beings.
It generally will not work on animals, Lupus-form Garou or other
nonhumanoid creatures unless the character buys aseparate Choke
Hold maneuver specifically designed to affect such creatures.

Cost: None
Initiative: -1
Accuracy: +0
Damage: See above

Move: One

DISENGAGE

Prerequisites: Brawl 2, Athletics 2
Power Points: 3

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers 33


U5

Description: The fighter uses his flexibility and quick-
ness to extricate himself from an opponent's grasp.
System: A fighter may play this maneuver during any
turn in which she is in a Sustained Hold. When played, the
captive fighter rolls a second time that turn to try to escape
from her captor. However, for the second roll, the fighter
rolls her Dexterity versus her opponent's Strength. If she
escapes and has any Move left, she may move away from her

opponent.
Cost: None
Initiative: +1
Accuracy: +0
Damage: None
Rover -2

DISLOCATE LIMB
Prerequisites: Brawl 4, Athletics 1

Power Points: 3

Description: This difficult maneuver allows the fighter
to dislocate one of his opponent's limbs — typically an arm.
The most common method of performing this maneuver is to
grab the opponent's arm tightly and then kick the opponent
in the pit of his arm while pulling on the arm. The result is
an incredibly painful dislocation that immobilizes the limb.

System: The turn after a fighter's limb has been dislo-
cated, he cannot make attacks with that limb. He may still
make attacks with other limbs, though at -1 Accuracy.

Alternately, the opponent may pop his limb back into
place in the next turn. This requires the expenditure of 1
point of Willpower. He then has a -3 Initiative penalty that
turn; ifhe attempts to use that limb to attack in the same turn
after popping it into place, he suffers a -2 Damage modifier on
any damage tests he rolls.

Cost: None
Initiative: -1
Accuracy: +0
Damage: +1
Move: +1

FIGHTING HOLD

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

Power Points: 4

Description: The fighter grabs the victim and then
attacks him repeatedly until he falls unconscious. The ma-
neuver is designed so that the fighter keeps at least one limb
— arm, leg or head — free to attack the victim.

System: This maneuver is a Sustained Hold in which
the fighter does damage by hitting his victim with his free
limb(s). The fighter does not get to play other Combat Cards;
instead, the ability to keep hitting the victim is reflected in
this maneuver's high Damage modifier.

Cost: None
Initiative: -1
Accuracy: -!
Damage: +2
Move: One

GRAPPLING DEFENSE

Prerequisites: Brawl 2

Power Points: 2

Description: Most styles that teach grab maneuvers also
teach their students how to resist and escape from those same
maneuvers. This maneuver allows the victim of a grab to
better resist the damage from a grab, and improves his
chances of'escaping ttom a grab.

System: A fighter employing Grappling Defense may
add his Stamina to his Brawl to determine his soak total
against the damage from a Grab maneuver (if any).

Additionally, Grappling Defense makes it easier for a
character to break free of Sustained Holds: it adds +2 to his
Strength for that purpose.

Cost: None
Initiative: +4
Accuracy: None
Damage: None
Move: None

IMPROVED PIN

Prerequisites: Brawl 3, Athletics 2, Pin
Power Points: 4
Description: A refinement of the Pin maneuver.

System: The fighter may use an Improved Pin on any
one target in her hex or an adjacent hex, regardless of

whether the target is knocked down or Dazed, using the

modifiers below. She may also move slowly while maintain-
ing the hold. In all other ways, it acts exactly like a Pin.

Cost: 1 Willpower on the first turn only
Initiative: +0

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +2 (first turn)/+1 (subsequent turns)
Move: +1 (first turn)/One (subsequent turns)

JOINT BREAK

Prerequisites: Brawl 5, Joint Lock
Power Points: 4

Description: The fighter grabs one of his opponent's
limbs (typically an arm) and bends it violently in a direction
it was not meant to bend, breaking it at the joint.

System: If the victim takes any damage from this ma-
neuver, his limb is broken, useless until it heals (either
naturally or through magick or regeneration).

Nee

34 World of Darkness: Combat

This maneuver does Kill damage only (though, at the
Storyteller's option, the victim may pass out from the pain).

Cost: 1 Willpower
Initiative: +0
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +2
Move: +0

JOINT LOCK

Prerequisites: Brawl 4
Power Points: 4
Description: The fighter grabs one of his opponent's
limbs and twists it in ways it was not meant to be twisted.
This forces the opponent to his knees in excruciating
pain.
System: This is a Sustained Hold; the victim takes
damage each turn the hold is maintained. The

victim is considered to be crouching while ina Joint
Lock. He cannot use the locked limb while the hold

is maintained, but if he spends a point of Willpower,
she may ase anathartimbtoatiack she finhtanlackige
him (or any other target within reach).

|

The damage from this maneuver is Stun damage
only; even if the victim becomes Incapacitated from
the pain, he will not take Kill damage if the lock is
maintained. This damage may be soaked only with the
character's Stamina; armor does not affect it.

Cost: None

Initiative: +1

Accuracy: +1
Damage: +1 (first turn)/+0 (subsequent turns)
Move: +0 (first turn)/One (subsequent turns)

KNEE BASHER

Prerequisites: Brawl 4
Power Points: 3

Description: The fighter grabs the victim's head, pulls
it down and smashes it repeatedly with her knee.

System: This maneuver is a Sustained Hold; the at-
tacker may knee the victim in the face every turn that the
hold is maintained. Even when (if) the victim is lucky
enough to escape, he is knocked down and suffers a -2
Initiative penalty in the turn after he frees himself.

Cost: None
Initiative: -1
Accuracy: -1
Damage: +2
Move: One

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers 35


NECKBREAKER
Prerequisites: Brawl 5, Joint Break

Power Points: 5

Description: This lethal maneuver is taught only to the
most advanced students. The fighter grabs his opponent's head
and twists it in certain ways, breaking his opponent's neck.

System: If the opponent suffers any damage from this ma-
neuver, his neck is broken. Normally this means death. The best
that can be hoped for is paralysis from the neck down.

When soaking damage from this maneuver, the victim
may add his Strength to his Stamina. This maneuver does Kill
damage only.

Cost: 2 Willpower
Initiative: +0
Accuracy: +0
Damage: +3
Move: None

PIN

Prerequisites: Brawl 2
Power Points: 3

Description: A Pin may only be used on an opponent
who has been knocked down or Dazed. The fighter moves
into his opponent's hex and makes an attack roll. If he
achieves two or more levels of damage, the opponent is

held in a painful, immobilizing hold until he manages to
break free — a difficult task.

System: The fighter's Strength is considered to be raised
by 3 only for the purposes of maintaining his hold on his
1 opponent (i¢., it does not increase damage). The fighter may

choose whether he wants to inflict damage with this maneuver
on each turn after the first; in some cases it may be preferable
to simply hold onto the opponent. If he chooses to do damage,
the target only gets his Stamina and Grappling Defense (if any)
against the damage.

This maneuver is a Sustained Hold.

Cost: 1 Willpower on the first turn only
Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +2 (first turn)/+1 (subsequent turns)
Move: +1 (first turn)/None (subsequent turns)

Throws

Throws are maneuvers in which the fighter propels his
opponent to the ground, either gently or violently. Either way, J
the victim of a successful throw always suffers a Knockdown. {

In some ways, most throws are a "subclass" of Grab

Maneuvers, because they involve obtaining a hold on the
opponent. The primary difference between them is that &

grabs do not normally involve knocking an opponent to
the ground, and throws always do.

World of Darkness: Combat


AERIAL THROW

Prerequisites: Brawl 2, Throw, Jump

Power Points: 3

Description: The fighter intercepts a leaping opponent
in mid-air, grabs, twists around and slams him to the ground,
landing on top of him unharmed.

System: To use the Aerial Throw, the fighter must interrupt
an opponent executing an Aerial Mancuver. If the target suffers
any damage, his Aerial Maneuver is interrupted and he suffers a
Knockdown; the fighter and his victim end the turn in the same
hex (the fighter is able to get to his feet quickly and suffers no
penalties; his opponent suffers the usual Knockdown penalties).
If he suffers no damage, the fighter may continue his attack.

Aerial Throw is (obviously) an Aerial Maneuver.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: -1

Damage: +3

Move: +0

BACK ROLL THROW

Prerequisites: Brawl 2, Athletics 1, Throw

Power Points: 2

Description: The fighter grabs her opponent (often by
the lapels of a jacket, a vest or some other article of clothing)
and then rolls backward onto the ground, meanwhile plant-
ing a foot on the opponent's chest or stomach to help heft
him up and flip him over! The opponent ends up somewhere
behind the fighter. The fighter then rolls quickly to her feet.

System: Use the standard rules for Throw to determine
distance thrown, damage and so forth.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +2

Move: One

CHOKE THROW

Prerequisites: Brawl 3, Athletics 2, Jump, Throw
Power Points: 2

Description: The fighter leaps up and either catches his
opponent in mid-leap or executes this maneuver upon land-
ing. Either way, the result is the same: the fighter grabs his
opponent by the throat and uses his momentum to bear her
to the ground and choke jer.

System: The Choke Throw is an Aerial Maneuver. A
fighter using it can interrupt an opponent performing an
Aerial Maneuver or attack a standing opponent. If the victim
takes any damage, he suffers a Knockdown.

This maneuver is a Sustained Hold, allowing the fighter
to keep choking his opponent until she is knocked out or
escapes. Use the first damage modifier listed below for the
turn in which the victim is knocked to the ground and
choked. Thereafter the victim takes damage as if she were in
an ordinary Choke Hold (see above). The victim cannot get
to her feet until she breaks free from the hold.

The attacker and the victim both end the turn in the
same hex.

Cost: None

Initiative: -|

Accuracy: -1

Damage: +1/See "Choke Hold," above

Move: +0

FLYING TACKLE

Prerequisites: Brawl 2, Athletics 2, Jump
Power Points: 3

Description: This maneuver is an all-out dive toward an
opponent; at the end of the dive, the fighter grabs onto her opponent
and uses her weight and momentum to knock him to the ground.

System: This is an Aerial Maneuver. If successful, the fighter
will knock her opponent down. The fighter and his opponent
both end up on the ground in the same hex. Both suffer the usual
-2 Initiative penalty the next turn for getting to their feet.

Cost: None
Initiative: +1
Accuracy: +0
Damage: +1
Move: +1

THROW

Prerequisites: Brawl |
Power Points: |

Description: Almost all fighting styles teach maneuvers in
which the fighter grabs his opponent and throws him to the
ground. Some throws involve fairly little contact between the
twofighters, but they all require at least some contact. Typically,
the hips, shoulders and/or arms are used to unbalance the
opponent and leverage him to the ground. The opponent's
momentum (from his attack or movement) is usually turned
against him, making the throw even easier for the attacker.
Masters can throw opponents many feet using this maneuver.

System: If this move succeeds, the fighter may choose
which hex his opponent lands in. An opponent can be
thrown a number of hexes equal to the fighter's Strength; at
the Storyteller's option, opponents who are moving with a
lot of momentum (for example, running quickly) when they
are thrown may travel up to an extra 2 hexes.

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers 37


wn

The opponent lands in the designated hex and isknocked
down. If there is something in the hex that is inherently
harmful (such as a pool of lava or a bed of iron spikes), he will
suffer damage from that as well. The damage from the
maneuver is actually inflicted when the character lands and
hits the ground (or windshield, wall or other surface).

A fighter may throw an opponent into another opponent,
causing them both to suffer damage. The damage to the first
opponent is based on the Throw maneuver; the damage to the
second opponent is based on the thrown character's Stamina —
big guys hurt you more than small guys do when they land on you!

For example, Jason Caliburn, Strength 4, is fighting two
thugs — one Stamina 3, the other Stamina 4. He decides to kill
two birds with one stone with a Throw. He waits until the first

thug charges at him and then uses his Throw maneuver.
9 He hits. He may throw the thug 4
N 3 hexes (one per point of

‘pL : Strength). If he
yy yf ett throws this

38 World of Darkness: Combat

thug at the other one and hits him, the second thug will take 3
points of damage (because the thrown thug is Stamina 3). The
thrown thug will take normal damage for the Throw.

Cost: None
Initiative: +0
Accuracy: +0
Damage: +1

Move: One

Do Maneuvers

Do Maneuvers are quasi-mystic maneuvers known only
to the masters of Do, the Akashic Brotherhood. These

maneuvers may only be learned by characters who have at

feast three dots in the Do Skill.

/ DIM MAK

Prerequisites: Do 4

Power Points: 5

vo Description: Dim Mak is the an-
cient Chinese art of the death touch. Masters
of Dim Mak possess secret knowledge

— of how ch'i (literally, "breath") flows

__ through the human body. Ch'i flow is
said to vary, depending upon the time of
day, the season, one's state of health and other
esoteric factors. A master of Dim Mak uses his
knowledge of these factors to pinpoint the
vulnerable locations on his opponent's body.
ys, By properly striking those locations, even
Gor raX with a mere finger thrust or touch, the
% master can disrupt the body's ch'i flow,
causing the target to suffer intense pain

and death.

Legends say that the greatest masters
can "delay" Dim Mak damage, so
that they touch a victim and he
does not suffer any injury for
minutes, hours, days or even
& months. Sometimes the master
= delays the damage based on how
many steps the victim takes after
being struck — he does not suffer
damage until he has taken nine,
100, 1,000 or however many
steps.
Certain Dim Mak strikes
can be used to paralyze the limbs,
afflict the victim with various dis-
y) eases or, so the legends say, kill with
a single soft blow.


This Combat Maneuver should not be confused with
the Entropy effect, "Dim Mak," listed in Mage. There's more
than one way to disrupt someone's ch'i.

System: The effects of Dim Mak can vary widely, and

the Storyteller should feel free to alter what is described
below for dramatic purposes.

Whenever a fighter strikes an opponent with Dim Mak,
damage is rolled normally, and the attacker also inflicts two
other effects. First, he may delay the damage for any number
of turns, and the damage will be applied to the target at the
time specified. The player should write the time down on a
slip of paper and show it to the Storyteller; he need not tell
his opponent when the damage will be suffered.

Second, the attacker can temporarily reduce one of the
victim's Physical Attributes by one point per successful Dim
Mak strike. The player who made the Dim Mak attack
chooses which Attribute to lower. Physical Attributes can-
not be lowered below one by Dim Mak. Of course, the
victim's Initiative, Damage, and other abilities will drop as
the appropriate Attributes are reduced.

The victim can regain these lost Attribute points in two
ways. The first is to spend one day and 2 points of Willpower
per lost point. The second and better way is to locate a master
of Ch'i Kung healing who can restore the lost points at no
cost to the victim by using a combination "laying on of
hands" and acupuncture technique to correct the disruptions
in the victim's ch'i. Ch'i Kung masters are rare. Anyone who
knows Dim Mak by definition knows Ch'i Kung, as does
anyone with Do 3 or higher. The healer must roll Stamina +
Do, Difficulty 6, and achieve 2 successes per Attribute point
lost to restore the points. This takes approximately one day
per point restored.

Delayed Dim Mak damage may be healed by a Ch'i Kung
master before the character actually suffers the damage;
delayed damage may not be "healed" by expenditure of
Willpower — the character has to wait until he suffers the
damage before he can heal it that way.

The quest to find a Ch'i Kung master to heal the
character (especially if the character knows that the damage
has been delayed!) can create an interesting story; maybe the
master will require the character to undertake a quest of some
sort as "payment" for healing him.

Cost: 3 Willpower
Initiative: +0
Accuracy: -1
Damage: +3
Move: +0

KONGJIN

Prerequisites: Do 3

Power Points: 4

Description: Kongjin, meaning "empty force 1s the cA
master's ability to strike from a distance, without even
having to touch his opponent! It is also known as "well fist"
or "one finger" from the training method used to learn it: the
student suspends an iron bell (or similarly heavy ohyect) trom
a well (or in a hallway) and thrusts at it with one tage trom
a distance until he is able to project his ch'i sutficiently to
move said object.

System: A Kongjin Combat Card may be played with
any Punch or Kick maneuver. When using Kongyin, the
fighter need not be within hand-to-hand fighting distance to
strike his opponent. He can strike from a distance of 2 heses
per dot in Do. This strike cannot be blocked.

Cost: 2 Willpower

Initiative: +1

Accuracy: +]

Damage: +1

Move: None

SAN HE

Prerequisites: Dodge 4,

Do 3

Power Points: 4

Description: Some
fightingstylesteach prac-
titioners the ability to
"root" themselves to the

ground using their inter- ANE wT)
nal ch'i energy. The energy y a xy
is spread out across the @ Anni

N
surface of the body and & > y,
then "anchored" to the g Lis f VG

ground, creating a rigid Z ee
~~ wS

nad id

stance. The name for
this maneuver, san he,
comes from Kung Fu,
but other styles use
this discipline under
different names.
Whatever it is
called, when the
fighter assumes

\

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers 39


qW

A,

this stance, his body becomes like a single, solid piece of iron —
unmovable and resistant to all attacks.

System: When executing San He, the character adds Do +
Dodge + Stamina to determine his soak total. For example, a
character with Do 3, Stamina 3, and Dodge 4 would have a soak
total of 10 dice (3 + 3 + 4) when using San He.

In addition, the fighter cannot be knocked down except by a
graborthrow, andhecannot be knocked back out ofhis hex. The San
He stance roots the fighter to the ground, and no fighting maneuver
can knock the character back. Against truly massive moving objects
likecars, the Storytellershouldhave the fighter roll Strength + Dodge
to stand his ground. The bigger the object, the more successes the
fighter needs on hisroll to keep from being moved (acar might be four

successes, a bus seven). Obviously, truly impressive impacts (tor
instance, ifthe Akashic mage wasstanding on the tracks staringdown
the 3:15 train) are technically impossible to resist.

A fighter does not get a +2 Initiative bonus for blocking
the curn after he uses San He.

Cost: 1 Willpower
Initiative: +2
Accuracy: None
Damage: None
Move: None

Dodge Maneuvers

Dodge Maneuvers involve avoiding or stopping damage. They
include Blocks, which are used to block or deflect an attack, and
Evasions, which a fighter uses to remove himself from harm's way.

Blocks

Blocks prevent a fighter from being damaged by allow-
ing her to block, stop or deflect an incoming attack. They
improve a fighter's ability to soak damage. A character using
a Block adds his Dodge to her Stamina when soaking damage.

DEFLECTING PUNCH
Prerequisites: Dodge 3, Brawl 1, Punch Defense

Power Points: 2

Description: Several fighting styles, including Wing
Chun Kung Fu and some varieties of Karate, have developed
quick counterpunches that actually deflect an opponent's
punch at the same time the fighter himself is attacking!
When the fighter sees his opponent punching, he counters
with his own punch, deflecting his opponent's punch with
his arm as his own fist continues on to strike his opponent.

System: The fighter must interrupt his opponent's Punch
maneuver (the blocking part of this maneuver only works against
punches). The opponent rolls damage for his punch even though
he was interrupted; the fighter gets his full Block soak against the

40 World of Darkness: Combat

opponent's damage. If the opponent uses an attack other than a
punch, the fighter simply gets to use his normal soak, without any
bonuses for blocking (although he canstill landhis counterpunch).

Once the opponent has dealt damage, the fighter imme-
diately gets to land his counterpunch unless he was Dazed,
knocked back or knocked down by his opponent's attack.
The fighter calculates damage using his Brawl (or Do).

Cost: None

Initiative: +2

Accuracy: +0

Damage: -1

Move: None

KICK DEFENSE

Prerequisites: Dodge 2

Power Points: 1

Description: Kick Defense incorporates many movements
and maneuvers that help defend the fighter against an opponent's
foot and knee attacks. However, because the fighter's concentra-
tion ison her opponent's feet, she is more susceptible to punches.

System: This operates as a standard Block maneuver,
except that the fighter is +4 to soak kicks and -2 tosoak any other
kind of attack maneuver. This soak modifier is added to or
subtracted from the fighter's normal Blocking soak total.

Cost: None
Initiative: +4
Accuracy: None
Damage: None
Move: None

MAKA WARA
Prerequisites: Dodge 4

Power Points: 5

Description: Both Japanese and Chinese martial arts sys-
tems incorporate training methods for turning a fighter's body
surfaces and bonesas hard as iron. Called maka wara in Japanese,
this training involves the fighter striking his hands, forearms,
legs and so on against progressively harder surfaces: padded
wood, bare wood, brick, stone and finally metal. The repeated
blows cause the fighter's body to harden over time until they
become like rods of iron. This training is facilitated by a secret
herbal formula called dit da jow in Chinese. The herbal remedy
helps heal the bruises that form on the fighter's arms and legs,
allowing him to train again the next day.

No one likes to kick or punch a rod of iron, but that is
essentially what one must do to overcome a Maka Wara master.

System: Characters who possess Maka Wara do not have

to fill outa Combat Card for the power. Instead, they invoke the
power whenever they use a Block Maneuver and the opponent

strikes them with a punch or kick. The Maka Wara defender

takes damage as normal, but immediately rolls a damage test

against his opponent, who has just injured himself by striking
the iron-hard arms or legs of the Maka Wara master. The
defender rolls damage using a Dice Pool of (Stamina + Block)-
3. The attacker then attempts to soak.

If the Maka Wara master is attacked with a weapon or a
Grab or Throw Maneuver, the attacker does not take damage.

Garou may not use this maneuver in Hispo or Lupus forms.
Cost: None

Initiative: See above

Accuracy: See above

Damage: See above

Move: See above

MISSILE DEFLECTION
Prerequisites: Dodge 4

Power Points: 2

Description: Martial artists who have studied the inti-
mate details of evasion and deflection motions are able to
snatch arrows out of the air and catch thrown knives between
clapped hands. Often the fighter will return the missile
weapon to its sender in one fluid catch-and-throw motion.

System: To use this maneuver, the defender readies
himself to intercept any objects thrown or projected at him. If
any missile attacks are directed at him, he has a chance to catch
them and even return them toward their sender or throw them
in any other direction. The defender must roll Dexterity
(difficulty 7) to catch a missile successfully: thrown weapons
(rocks, shuriken, thrown knives) require one success; missiles
like arrows, crossbow bolts, and sling stones require two suc-
cesses; and bullets require three successes to be deflected
(bullets may not be thrown at or deflected to the attacker or
any other target, unless the Storyteller allows it in a heroic
moment of high drama). In order to deflect gunfire, the
defender must be holding some piece of metal or other material
capable of withstanding the bullets and bouncing them away.

If the missile is reflected at the attacker or another
person, the new victim suffers the same damage that the
missile would have done to the defender who deflected it.
The defender rolls the damage, not the attacker.

The defender can reflect any number of missiles targeted
at him during the same turn. Yes, any number.

Cost: None
Initiative: +3
Accuracy: None

Damage: None
Move: -1

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers


why

PUNCH DEFENSE
Prerequisites: Dodge 2

Power Points: 1

Description: Similar to Kick Defense, this maneuver
incorporates a variety of ducking, bobbing and deflecting
movements that defend a fighter against punches but leave
him open to other types of attacks.

System: This operates as the standard Block maneuver,
except that the fighter is +4 to soak punches and -2 to soak
any other type of maneuver. This soak modifier is added to or
subtracted from the fighter's normal Blocking soak total.

Cost: None

Initiative: +4

Accuracy: None

Damage: None

Move: None

WEAPON BLOCK

Prerequisites: Dodge 4

Power Points: 3

Description: This maneuver allows the character to
block weapon attacks without being hurt by the weapon.

System: This maneuver works just like the Block Ma-
neuver, except that it works against weapons.

Cost: 1 Willpower

Initiative: +4

Accuracy: None

Damage: None

Move: +0

Evasions

Evasion maneuvers involve sidestepping or avoiding an
attack. Like Blocks, they improve a fighter's ability to soak
damage. A character using an Evasion maneuver adds his
Dodge + Dexterity to soak damage.

Evasions can be purchased as part of weapons-based
martial arts styles, to simulate the duelist's ability to dodge
his opponent's attacks.

DISPLACEMENT

Prerequisites: Dodge 2, Brawl 1, Athletics 1, Evasion

Power Points: 3

Description: This maneuver consists of a quick sidestep
(allowing the fighter to avoid his opponent's blow), followed
by a rapid strike (if the opponent is still within range).

System: This maneuver is completely effective only if the
fighter is quicker than his opponent and has enough Move to
initiate a counterattack. When the opponent begins his attack,
the fighter must have a high enough Initiative to interrupt the
attack; otherwise, the Displacement is ineffective. After inter-

a? World of Darkness: Combat

rupting, the fighter may then travel up to his full Move to the left
orrightofhis opponent. Once the opponent's move is completed,
the "displaced" fighter may then move back in and counterattack
ifhe has enough Move left. The fighter's Brawl technique (not his
Dodge) is used for purposes of calculating damage.

This maneuver can be used to evade projectiles, but a
contested roll must be made (refer to "Jump," above).

Cost: 1 Willpower

Initiative: +2

Accuracy: -1

Damage: -1

Move: +1

EVASION
Prerequisites: Dodge 1, Athletics 1

Power Points: 2

Description: In this common dodging technique, the
fighter simply sidesteps away from the attack.

System: The fighter must have enough Initiative to
interrupt his attacker. As the opponent attacks, the fighter
simply moves in any one direction, up to two hexes, thus
placing himself out of harm's way.

Garou in Hispo and Lupus forms may use this maneuver.
Cost: None

Initiative: +2

Accuracy: None

Damage: None
Move: Two

Tooth & Claw

Maneuvers

Nature, red in tooth and claw.
— Alfred, Lord Tennyson, In Memoriam

Tooth & Claw Maneuvers are those maneuvers used by
beings with claws, fangs and similar natural weaponry.

Garou in Crinos, Hispo and Lupus forms and vampires using
the Protean Discipline to grow claws are some of the most
common World of Darkness beings deemed to "possess claws."
Typically, vampire claws (created with the Protean Discipline)
do Strength + |] damage, and Garou claws do Strength +2 damage;
the maneuvers listed below add to that total. The base difficulty
for a claw-based attack is 6. Damage from claws is Kill damage.

Creatures deemed to "possess fangs" include vampires,
redcaps, appropriately Moliated wraiths and Garou in Crinos,
Hispo and Lupus forms (and many other shapeshifters in similar
forms). Typically, fangs do Strength +1 damage; the maneuvers
listed below add to that total. The base difficulty fora fang-based
attack is 6. Damage from fangs is Kill damage.

ee = |

Don't forget that the claws of supernatural creatures HAMSTRING

such as vampires and Garou usually cause aggravated damage Prerequisites: Brawl 2, possessing fangs
to other supernatural creatures. Power Points: 3

Brawl Power Points are used to purchase all Tooth & Description: The fighter drops low to the ground, bites
Claw Maneuvers, except for Pounce, which is purchased — into the tendons of her opponent's leg and rips them out,
with Athletics Power Points. crippling him.

System: If the opponent takes any damage from this
BITE maneuver, one of his legs becomes useless. If bipedal,

Prerequisites: Brawl 1, possessing fangs the opponent may move at one-fourth of his
Power Points: 1 normal movement rate (at best); ifqua-
Description: The fighter savagely bites her drupedal, he may move at one-half of

victim. his normal movement rate (at best).
System: This is a Basic Maneuver for

fanged characters, including vampires, most

werecreatures and changeling redcaps.
Cost: None

regeneration), this injury will cripple
the leg for life.
This is a Crouching Maneuver.
Cost: 1 Willpower
Initiative: -1

J Unless he has access to extraordi-
nary healing methods (e.g., magick,

Initiative: +0

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: +0

Accuracy: -1
Damage: +1

CLAW RAKE

Prerequisites: Brawl 1, possessing
claws

Power Points: 1

Description: A quick claw attack made by
trained claw fighters — it is less damaging than
most claw attacks, but much faster.

NY

y

SH

System: This is a Basic Maneuver for beings
with claws.

Cost: None
Initiative: +3

EA

‘contre.
wi

Accuracy: -1
Damage: -|
Move: +1

CLAW SLASH

Prerequisites: Brawl 1, possess-
ing claws
Power Points: 2

Description: The basic attack ma-
neuver used by clawed beings who have
specially practiced the use of claws in combat.

System: This is a Basic Maneuver for
beings with claws.

Cost: None
Initiative: +1
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +1

Move: +0

th,

ater

JAW LOCK

Prerequisites: Brawl 2, possessing
fangs

Power Points: 2

Description: The fighter locks his powerful
jaws onto his opponent, not to harm but to immobilize.

System: This attack may only be performed when the fighter
can attack his opponent from above or behind, such that he can use
his mass to best advantage. It is typically used only by Crinos, Hispo
and Lupus form Garou; other Garou forms cannot use it, and
vampires consider it exceedingly crude and banal. It does no actual
damage, but if the fighter's damage successes exceed his opponent's
Strength, the target is forced to the ground and immobilized. This
is a Sustained Hold.

Escaping from the Jaw Lock requires a Strength + Athletics
roll, with the difficulry equal to the attacker's Intimidation + 4
(minimum of 4). Grappling Defense adds to the victim's Strength
for purposes of breaking free from a Jaw Lock. The successes
needed equal the number of successes by which the attacker
exceeded the victim's Strength. If the successes exceed that
number, the victim frees himself without injury. However, if the
successes are exactly equal to what the victim needs to escape, he
escapes but takes the successes as actual Kill damage, as he rips
himself from the hold. If the escape roll is botched, the victim
suffers the fighter's Strength +1 damage and does not escape.

The roll to break free becomes more difficult the longer the
hold is maintained. Increase the difficulty by | for every turn
after the first that the Jaw Lock is maintained.

44

World of Darkness: Combat

While the fighter holds his victim

down, both are considered to be crouching.

For example, Grimfoe, a Get of Fenris
Ahroun, has Strength 4 and Intimidation 4. He per-

forms a Jaw Lock on Whiner and achieves five successes. Whiner's
Strength is 3, so Grimfoe succeeds by 2 successes. Whiner is
forced to the ground with Grimfoe's fangs locked onto his flesh.
Next turn, the wretched Bone Gnawer tries to escape. His
difficulty is 8 (Grimfoe's Intimidation score of 4, plus 4). Whiner
scores 2 successes, just what he needed to break the hold (because
Grimfoe's attack succeeded by 2 successes). However, because
Whiner only scored the exact number needed to break out, when
he twists free of Grimfoe's jaws, he must now try to soak two
Health Levels of damage as he tears away his own flesh.

Cost: None

Initiative: +0

Accuracy: +0

Damage: See above

Move: +0

LEAPING RAKE

Prerequisites: Brawl 2, Athletics 1, Jump, possessing
claws

Power Points: 3


Description: The fighter leaps past his opponent, raking
him with his claws as he flies by.

System: This is an Aerial Maneuver. It is usable by
Glabro, Crinos or Hispo form Garou; vampires using the
Protean Discipline to grow claws; or other clawed humanoid
creatures.

Note that this maneuver only works if the fighter has
enough Move to leap past his opponent. If he can only leap as
far as his opponent, he cannot use this maneuver.

Cost: None
Initiative: +1
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +1
Move: +1

NECK BITE

Prerequisites: Brawl! 2, possessing fangs
Power Points: 2

Description: The fighter leaps onto her opponent, grabs
hold of him and bites down hard on his neck.

System: This maneuver is a Sustained Hold; the attacker
may continue to inflict damage on the target (by biting or
gnawing at him) each turn she maintains the hold. The damage
is based on the attacker's fangs, not on her Brawl.

Cost: None

Initiative: +1

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: One

POUNCE

Prerequisites: Athletics 3, Jump

Power Points: 4

Description: The fighter drops into a crouch and then
explodes into a mighty leap at his prey. The ferocity of the
maneuver often takes opponents by surprise, though experi-
enced warriors may be tipped off by the low growl coming
from the fighter just before the leap.

System: This is an Aerial Maneuver and may be used to
evade projectiles. At the end of his leap, the fighter ends up
on top of his opponent; ifany damage is scored, the opponent
suffers a Knockdown.

Typically, this maneuver is used by Garou in Crinos,
Hispo or Lupus forms. It is rarely used by vampires (save some
particularly feral Gangrel).

Cost: 1 Willpower

Initiative: +0

Accuracy: +]
Damage: +2
Move: +4

RIPPING BITE

Prerequisites: Brawl] 3, possessing fangs

Power Points: 2

Description: The fighter bites down savagely on a limb
that she wishes to weaken, then tries to tear the muscles and
ligaments from their connective tissue.

System: The fighter indicates which limb she wishes to
strike. A successful roll inflicts damage and causes the target
to suffer a -1 penalty on both Strength and Dexterity for the
remainder of the combat. This maneuver can be repeated,
thus further impairing an opponent. If a limb reaches the -3
penalty level, it is considered totally useless; the victim has
to spend a Willpower point, Rage point or Blood Point to do
anything with it.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +1

Move: One

Shapechanging
Maneuvers

These maneuvers are used by creatures that can
shapechange (primarily Garou), and are designed to take
advantage of that ability. The character shifts form in mid-
maneuver; this requires the expenditure of a Rage point (or
other appropriate point — Pathos for wraiths using Moliate
and soon). All have "ability to shapechange" as a prerequisite.

MELTING

Prerequisites: Brawl 1
Power Points: 2

Description: The fighter shifts into a smaller or differ-
ent form to slip out of Grabs and similar maneuvers.

System: The fighter rolls Dexterity + Dodge, adding the
number of successes to her Strength Dice Pool to escape the

Grab. If the roll is botched, the fighter suffers an additional
damage test from the opponent's grasp.

Cost: 1 Rage
Initiative: +0
Accuracy: None
Damage: None
Move: None

STRIKING THE WATER
Prerequisites: Brawl 3, Dodge 3

Power Points: 4

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers 45


a

46

World of Darkness: Combat

Description: A Garou in any form but Crinos uses this
maneuver to avoid damage and then make a counterattack
that takes advantages of his opponent's weaknesses. He shifts
into Crinos form and allows himself to be hit, then strikes
back!

System: A character using this mancuver will automati-
cally be hit (his opponent need only roll damage). However,
he will get the added Stamina of the Crinos form to soak
damage, with an additional +2 to soak because he can shift
vital organs away from the point of attack. He then makes a
counterattack at difficulty 4 using the modifiers below.

Cost: 1 Rage

Initiative: Character automatically strikes after his op-
ponent.

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: None

SWARM

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

Power Points: 3

Description: The fighter charges into an opponent in
Lupus form, getting underfoot and tripping him up, then
shifts into another form (typically Crinos) to take advantage
of the situation.

System: The Swarm Combat Card is played with any
other maneuver (usually a Tooth & Claw Maneuver). It adds
the modifiers listed below to that attack's modifiers. Addi-
tionally, the victim of a Swarm attack will be knocked down.

Characters defining Combinations must specify whether
one of the maneuvers in the Combination is an ordinary
maneuver or a maneuver plus Swarm (similar to using Jump).

Cost: | Rage

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: +0

WIND DODGE

Prerequisites: Brawl 3, Dodge 2

Power Points: 4

Description: The fighter rapidly shifts shape such that the
area of his body being attacked by his opponent is no longer
there. Usually this involves shifting to a smaller shape (e-g.,
Lupus form). The fighter then shifts into a form that will allow
him to make an attack taking advantage of any openings.

System: The fighter may use his Dodge + Dexterity to
soak damage from his opponent's attack, similar to an Eva-
sion maneuver. He then follows up with an attack at difficulty
4, using the moditiers below.

a

46

World of Darkness: Combat

Description: A Garou in any form but Crinos uses this
maneuver to avoid damage and then make a counterattack
that takes advantages of his opponent's weaknesses. He shifts
into Crinos form and allows himself to be hit, then strikes
back!

System: A character using this mancuver will automati-
cally be hit (his opponent need only roll damage). However,
he will get the added Stamina of the Crinos form to soak
damage, with an additional +2 to soak because he can shift
vital organs away from the point of attack. He then makes a
counterattack at difficulty 4 using the modifiers below.

Cost: 1 Rage

Initiative: Character automatically strikes after his op-
ponent.

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: None

SWARM

Prerequisites: Brawl 3

Power Points: 3

Description: The fighter charges into an opponent in
Lupus form, getting underfoot and tripping him up, then
shifts into another form (typically Crinos) to take advantage
of the situation.

System: The Swarm Combat Card is played with any
other maneuver (usually a Tooth & Claw Maneuver). It adds
the modifiers listed below to that attack's modifiers. Addi-
tionally, the victim of a Swarm attack will be knocked down.

Characters defining Combinations must specify whether
one of the maneuvers in the Combination is an ordinary
maneuver or a maneuver plus Swarm (similar to using Jump).

Cost: | Rage

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +1

Move: +0

WIND DODGE

Prerequisites: Brawl 3, Dodge 2

Power Points: 4

Description: The fighter rapidly shifts shape such that the
area of his body being attacked by his opponent is no longer
there. Usually this involves shifting to a smaller shape (e-g.,
Lupus form). The fighter then shifts into a form that will allow
him to make an attack taking advantage of any openings.

System: The fighter may use his Dodge + Dexterity to
soak damage from his opponent's attack, similar to an Eva-
sion maneuver. He then follows up with an attack at difficulty
4, using the moditiers below.

Cost: 1 Rage
Initiative: -1
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +1

Move: None

Weapon
Maneuvers

The Way of the warrior is to master the virtue of his weapons.

— Miyamoto Musashi, Go Rin No Sho ("A Book of Five
Rings")
Normal hand-to-hand combat maneuvers cannot be

used with weapons; characters need to purchase Weapon
Maneuvers. These maneuvers are described below.

Weapon Maneuvers are bought in pretty much the same
way as Combat Maneuvers. For every dot in Melee, a character
gets two Power Points with which to purchase these maneuvers.

The difficulty to hit someone with a hand-to-hand weapon
is listed in the chart of Weapon Techniques in Appendix Three.
The difficulty to Dodge hand-to-hand weapon attacks is a base
of 6, +1 per opponent after the first. Weapon damage is always
Kill damage (even from blunt weapons).

Note that not all Weapon Maneuvers can be performed with
all weapons. In addition to the listed prerequisites for these maneu-
vers, a character must of course know the appropriate Weapon

Techniques, which are listed under "Usable With." If "Any" is
listed there, the maneuver is usable with any type of weapon.

BASH

Prerequisites: Melee 1
Power Points: 1

Usable With: Axes & Picks, Clubs, Fist-Loads, Staff

Description: A quick, powerful, smashing maneuver,
usually performed "sidearm" with an ax, club or staff, and as
a rapid punch with a fist-load.

System: Use the modifiers listed below.
Cost: None

Initiative: +]

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +1
Move: +0

DAZING BLOW

Prerequisites: Melee 3

Power Points: 2
Usable With: Any (but see below)

Description: As described above, weapons always do Kill
damage. However, if a character knows how to use a weapon
well, he can simply knock someone out with it— in other words,
do only Stun damage. With a blunt weapon, he hits less
forcefully; with an edged weapon, he uses the "flat" of the blade.

System: At the Storyteller's discretion, not all weapons
may be appropriate for this maneuver. For example, while it's
possible to knock someone out by hitting them with the flat
or pommel of a sword, hitting them with the flat of a
switchblade knife is much less effective.

Cost: None

Initiative: -1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: -2

Move: -1

DISARM

Prerequisites: Melee 3

Power Points: 2

Usable With: Blades, Blunt Weapons, Flexible Weap-
ons, Staff

Description: Thefighterskillfullystrikesheropponent's weapon,
hand or arm, not to cause damage, but to knock the weapon out of
heropponent'sgrasp. Alternately, she may usean entangling weapon
such as. a chain to wrap around her foe's weapon and pull it away.

System: The fighter rolls her Strength + Melee, diffi-
culty 6. The target soaks the damage by rolling Strength
(difficulty 6). For every success left after the target soaks, the
weapon goes flying out of the target's hands one hex in a
direction specified by the fighter. If the fighter does not score
at least one success after the soak, the target does not lose his
weapon. If she botches the Disarm roll, she drops her own
weapon; it will take her a turn to pick it up.

Cost: None
Initiative: -1
Accuracy: None
Damage: None
Move: None

FLECHE

Prerequisites: Melee 2
Power Points: 2

Usable With: Axes & Picks, Blades, Blunt Weapons,
Fist-Loads, Staff

Description: This maneuver takes its name from Fenc-
ing (it is most often used with swords); it is also known as a
charge. The fighter moves forward quickly, using the mo-
mentum of his attack to increase the damage he does.

System: Use the modifiers below.

Cost: None

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers al


i!

Ad

Initiative: -1
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +1
Move: +3

GREAT BLOW

Prerequisites: Melee 1
Power Points: |

Usable With: Any

Description: The fighter puts everything he has into the
blow, exposing himself to injury in the hopes of doing worse
injury to his opponent.

System: Use the modifiers below.

Cost: None

Initiative: -2

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +3

Move: -2

JAB

Prerequisites: Melee 1
Power Points: |

Usable With: Blades, Polearms, Staff

Description: This isa quick, light strike with a weapon, used
more to test an opponent's skill and defenses than to injure him.

System: Use the modifiers listed below.
Cost: None

Initiative: +2

Accuracy: +1

Damage: -2

Move: +1

PARRY

Prerequisites: Melee 1
Power Points: 1

Usable With: Any but Fist-Loads

Description: The fighter uses his weapon to block an
opponent's weapon or hand-to-hand attack.

System: This maneuver works exactly like a Block,
except that it is performed with a weapon (thus, Melee

[rather than Dodge] is added to Stamina for purposes of

Soak). Ifa weapon is used to Parry a hand-to-hand attack, the
opponent does not take damage from the weapon.

The Storyteller may rule that certain weapons may not
be used to perform this maneuver. In some cases, this is
because of the difference in size between the weapons — a
knife cannot generally parry a two-handed sword or battle
axe. In other cases, it is simply not possible to use the weapon
to parry (this might be the case with garottes, for example).

Cost: None

48 World of Darkness: Combat

Initiative: +4
Accuracy: None

Damage: None
Move: +0

RIPOSTE

Prerequisites: Melee 2, Parry
Power Points: 2

Usable With: Any but Fist-Loads

Description: This maneuver, most commonly performed
with blades, is a rapid strike following a block.

System: A fighter may only use a Riposte in the turn after
he has made a Parry — it is designed to allow a fighter to take
advantage of his opponent's temporary inability to react (i.e.,
the Initiative bonus received from parrying the attack).

Cost: None
Initiative: See above
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +0

Move: None

SLASH

Prerequisites: Melee |
Power Points: 2
Usable With: Axes & Picks, Blades

Description: A powerful blow with an axe, sword or
similar weapon.

System: Use the modifiers listed below.
Cost: None

Initiative: +1

Accuracy: +0

Damage: +2

Move: +1

SMASH

Prerequisites: Melee |
Power Points: 2

Usable With: Axes & Picks, Clubs, Fist-Loads, Staff

Description: A strong, powerful maneuver, usually per-
formed by swinging downward with the weapon.

System: Use the modifiers listed below.
Cost: None

Initiative: +0

Accuracy: +1

Damage: +2

Move: +1

SWEEP

Prerequisites: Melee 2


Sf

Power Points: 2
Usable With: Staff

Description: The character uses his staff to knock the
legs out from under his opponent.

System: In addition to any damage taken, the opponent
suffers a Knockdown.

At the Storyteller's discretion, some flexible weapons
may also be used to perform this maneuver; they are used to
yank an opponent's legs out from under him.

Cost: None
Initiative: +0
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +0
Move: None

THRUST

Prerequisites: Melee |
Power Points: |

Usable With: Blades, Staff

Description: This maneuver is a cross between a Jab anda
Slash — it combines the former's speed with the latter's power.

System: Use the modifiers below.
Cost: None
Initiative: +1
Accuracy: +1
Damage: +1
Move: +1

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers

Weapons and
Unarmed Combat

Using a weapon may preclude using some Combat
Maneuvers, as follows:

Punches: If a weapon is used one-handed, the character
may punch with his free hand; characters may not punch
when using two-handed weapons.

Kicks: Most kicks are not affected by weapons use, but more
acrobatic kicks may not be possible (Storyteller's discretion).

Blocks: Many blocks are similar to punches; also refer to
the notes under the Block and Parry maneuvers.

Grabs: Grabs that only require a character to use one hand
may be performed with the free hand when using a one-handed
weapon. Grabs that require two hands (and most do) may not be
performed when using a weapon.

Throws: Throws are so unusual that this question has to be
answered on acase-by-case basis. In many cases, as with grabs, it will
depend on how many limbs are required to perform the maneuver.

Combinations

Combinations are groups of maneuvers that are "linked"
together by a character — he practices them in
sequence, so that the whole Com-
bination is greater than the sum
of its parts. He can still use the
maneuvers that make up the (MAN
Combination separately, but
when he puts them all to-
gether, they form a potent
fighting maneuver.


Any two or three Combat Maneuvers may be made into a
Combination, with one limitation: Unarmed and Weapon
Maneuvers cannot be linked together. A Combination must be
made up entirely of Combat Maneuvers or Weapon Maneuvers.

Combinations have a couple of benefits.
First, the second maneuver (and third, ifthere ¢ 3
is a third) adds +2 to Initiative (this is not ‘
cumulative for multiple maneuvers). Second, =
some Combinations combine the damage from
the component maneuvers for purposes of calcu-
lating whether an opponent is Dazed (this costs
extra).

World of Darkness: Combat

fs,
nation attacks do not

take place on the same turn;

rather, they take place in suc-
cessive turns. Ifacharacter does

not perform his Combination
maneuvers in sequence, he loses

the benefits of the Combination.
For example, if Gift-of-Claws has a
Quick Strike-Spinning Thrust Kick-
Quick Strike Combination, he must
use his Quick Strike in the first turn,
m his Spinning Thrust Kick in the sec-
ond turn (at +2 Initiative), and his

Quick Strike (at +2 Initiative again)

in the third turn, to gain the ben-

| ) efits of using the Combination. If

he tries to vary the order in which

the maneuvers are used or if he uses

some other maneuver "in between"

these three maneuvers, he loses the
benefits of the Combination.

Combinations cost Power Points: one
ower Point per maneuver in the Combination
(thus, there is a minimum cost of 2 points). Addi-

tionally, if the player wants the maneuvers to be

combined for purposes of calculating whether his

character's opponent is Dazed (a "Dazing Combi-

nation"), he must spend two additional Power
Points.


Constructing
Your Own
Maneuvers

Players and Storytellers may wish to create maneuvers
other than those described in this book. That's fine, provided
that the maneuvers are not too powerful for their cost. The
value derived from a maneuver should be roughly equivalent
to the price paid for it. Cheap, powerful maneuvers tend to
unbalance a game, making the story less fun for everyone
concerned.

Effect

+ Initiative

+ Accuracy

+ Damage

+ Move

Abort Maneuver
Aerial Maneuver
Crouching Maneuver
Multiple Hits

Causes Knockdown or Knockback
Sustained Hold
Cannot be Blocked
Does special damage
(e.g., the Atemi Strike)

Automatic effect (not played as

a card; e.g., Maka Wara, Breakfall)
- Initiative

- Accuracy

- Damage

- Move

Cost (in Willpower, Rage, Do, etc.)

High Prerequisites

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers

To that end, what follows are the guidelines used to
construct the maneuvers in this book, for use by the reader.
Note that these are only guidelines — if you try to follow them
and reconstruct every maneuver in this book, a lot of them
won't match. Sometimes a maneuver is cheaper or more
expensive than this system would indicate, for various rea-
sons. This being the case, the Storyteller should approve
every maneuver designed by any player and should feel free to
reject maneuvers that seem too cheap or too effective.

The beginning cost of all maneuvers is zero. Use the chart
below to figure the additions to and subtractions from this total.
However, all maneuvers must cost a minimum of 1 Power Point.

Cost in Power Points

1 point per +1 Initiative
1 point per +1 Accuracy
2 points per +1 Damage
1 point per +1 Move

1 point

1 point

1 point
2 points for 2 hits, 3 points for 3 hits

1 point
2 points
2 points

1 point

1-3 points

-L point per -1 Initiative

-1 point per -1 Accuracy

-1 point per -1 Damage

-1 point per -1 Move

-1 point per point that must be spent
Varies (Storyteller's discretion)


ath |

Maneuver Master Chart

BASIC MANEUVERS

Maneuver Prerequisite Pts 1 A D M Special
Block None N/A +4 None None +0 Add Dodge to Stamina for Soak; +2

Initiative next turn

Dodge None N/A ~~ Dodge attacks, Abort
Grapple None N/A - Sustained Hold
Heavy Kick None N/A

Heavy Strike None N/A

Quick Kick None N/A

Quick Strike None N/A

Sprint None N/A

ADVANCED MANEUVERS

ATHLETICS MANEUVERS
Maneuver Prerequisite Pts A D M Special
Backflip Athletics 3 4 None None +2 Costs 1 Willpower
Breakfall Athletics 1 3 Text Text Text See text

Drunken
Monkey Roll _ Athletics 2

Groundfighting Athletics 4

2 None . None Crouching
3
Jump Athletics 1 1 None © None Avoids projectiles; see text
1
2

Text Text Costs 1 Willpower; see text

Kippup Athletics 2 None None Spring to feet instantly
Shoulder Smash Athletics 2, -] +2 Aerial
Jump
BRAWL MANEUVERS —- PUNCHES
Maneuver Prerequisite Pts Special
Atemi Strike — Brawl 4, 4 - Not soakable; costs 1 Willpower
Phx. Eye
Disarm Brawl

Ducking Punch Brawl 2
Ear Pop Brawl 2

ww

Disarms opponent

Crouching
Ignores Stamina for Soaking; can
cause deafness

OE rd

Elbow Smash __ Brawl 1
Eye Rake Brawl 2
Grab Punch Brawl 2
Haymaker Brawl 1
Head Butt Brawl 1
Hyper Fist Brawl 4
Knuckle Fist Brawl 2

Phoenix Eye Fist Brawl 3
Power Uppercut Brawl 1
Spinning Brawl 2
Back Fist

Sword Hand Brawl 3 Kill damage only
Two-Fisted Smash Brawl 2

Blinds opponent for next turn
Ignores Blocks
1 hex Knockback

3 damage tests

1 hex Knockback

Opponent is -1 Move next turn

Knocks Down Aerial opponents
Cannot hit crouching opponents

Ws Bm hh Bow PO Rh hm BO

52 World of Darkness: Combat

Spinning Thrust Brawl 2
Kick

Maneuver Prerequisite
Backbreaker Brawl 3
Bear Hug Brawl 2
Choke Hold Brawl 3
Disengage Brawl 2,
Athletics 2
Dislocate Limb | Brawl 4,
Athletics 1
Fighting Hold ~— Brawl 3
Grappling Defense Brawl 2
Improved Pin Brawl 3,
Athletics 2,
Pin
Joint Break Brawl 5,
Joint Lock
Joint Lock Brawl 4
Knee Basher Brawl 4
Neckbreaker Brawl 5,
Joint Break
Pin Brawl 2

Maneuver Prerequisite
Axe Kick Brawl 2,
Jump
Double Kick Brawl 3
Flying Kick Brawl 3,
Athletics 3,
Jump
Foot Sweep Brawl 1
Handstand Kick Brawl 2,
Athletics 2
Heel Stamp Brawl 1
Iron Broom Brawl 2,
Athletics 1,
FootSweep
Knee Strike Brawl 3
Reverse Front Brawl 3
Kick
Roundhouse Brawl 1
Kick

3

3
4

3

2

BRAWL MANEUVERS - GRABS

Pts

Ww QW atm DO ty

bo

Maneuver Master Chart

BRAWL MANEUVERS - KICKS
Pts

+0 +2 None
+1 +] None
+1 +1 1

A D M

«1 +2 One
1 +1 One

+0 Text One

1 +2 One
None None None
+0 +2/+1 +1/One

+] +2 +0

+1 +1/+0 +0/One
«1 +2 One

+0 +3 None
+0 +2/+1

Special
Aerial, but hits Crouching

2 damage tests; see text
Aerial

Crouching; does Knockdown
Knocks Down Aerial opponents

Does Knockback; see text

Crouching, does Knockdown,
costs 1 Willpower

Does Knockdown
Ignores Blocks

Special
Can do Kill damage

Sustained Hold

Sustained Hold; see text
Used to escape from Grabs

Renders'a limb useless

Sustained Hold
Used to escape Grabs
See text; costs | Willpower

Breaks limbs; Kill damage

Sustained Hold; see text
Does Knockdown; see text

Kill damage only; costs 2 Willpower

+1/None Sustained Hold; see text; costs 1 Will-

power

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers

33


Maneuver Master Chart

BRAWL MANEUVERS — THROWS
Maneuver Prerequisite Pts I A D M Special
Aerial Throw Brawl 2, 3 -1 -l +3 +0 Aerial

Throw, Jump
Back Roll Throw Brawl 2, 2 -l +0 +2 One
Athletics 1 Throw
Choke Throw — Brawl 3, 2 -] -l +1/Text +0 See text
Athletics 2,
Ju, Throw
Flying Tackle — Brawl 2, 3 +] +0 +1 +1 Aerial
Athletics 2, Jump
Throw Brawl 1 1 +0 +0 +1 One See text
DO MANEUVERS
Dim Mak Do 4 5 +0 -l +3 +0 Costs 3 Willpower; see text
Kongjin Do 4 4 +1 +1 +1 None Costs 2 Willpower; see text
San He Dodge 4,Do3 4 +2 None None None Costs 1 Willpower; see text
DODGE MANEUVERS - BLOCKS
Maneuver Prerequisite Pts | A D M Special
Deflecting Punch Dodge 3, 2 +2 +0 -l None — Block-counterpunch
Brawl 1,
PunchDefense

Kick Defense Dodge 2 i +4 None None None _ See text

Maka Wara Dodge 4 5 Text Text Text Text See text a

Missile Deflection Dodge 4 2 +3 None None -1 See text

Punch Defense Dodge 2 1 +4 None None None - See text

Weapon Block Dodge 4 3 +4 None None None Costs 1 Willpower

DODGE MANEUVERS -— EVASIONS

Maneuver Prerequisite Pts I A D M Special

Displacement Dodge 2, Brawl l, 3 +2 «I "| +1 Costs 1 Willpower; see text
Athletics 1,
Evasion

Evasion Dodge 1, 2 +2 None None Two See text
Athletics 1

TOOTH & CLAW MANEUVERS (Kill damage)

Maneuver Prerequisite Pts I A D M Special

Bite Brawl 1, fangs 1 +0 +1 +1 +0 Basic Maneuver

Claw Rake Brawl 1, claws 1. +3 -} "1 +1 Basic Maneuver

Claw Slash Brawl 1, claws 2 +1 +1 +1 +0 Basic Maneuver

Hamstring Brawl 2, fangs 3 -l -l +1 +0 Crouching; cripples opponent

Jaw Lock Brawl 2, fangs 2 +0 +0 Text +0 See text

Leaping Rake — Brawl 2, 3 +1 +1 +1 +1 Aerial; must move past foe
Athletics 1,
Ju, claws

Neck Bite Brawl 2, fangs 2 +1 +1 +1 One — See text

Pounce Athletics 3, Jump 4 +0 +] +2 +4 Costs 1 Willpower; Aerial

Ripping Bite Brawl 3, fangs Tears limbs

54 World of Darkness: Combat

Maneuver Master Chart

SHAPECHANGING MANEUVERS

Maneuver
Melting

Striking the Water

Swarm

| Wind Dodge

Maneuver
Bash

_ Dazing Blow
Disarm
Fleche

Great Blow
Jab
Parry

| Riposte

Slash
Smash

Prerequisite Pts. A OD M Special
Brawl 1 2 None None None _ Costs | Rage
Brawl 3, 40. +1 +l None © Costs 1 Rage
Brawl 3 3 "1 +1 +1 +0 Costs 1 Rage
Brawl 2, 4 1 +1. #1 None . Costs 1 Rage
Dodge 22

WEAPON MANEUVERS

Prerequisite Pts Special
Melee 1 1
Melee 3 2
Melee 3 2
Melee 2 z
1
1
1
2

Does Stun damage
Disarms opponent

Melee 1
Melee 1
Melee 1
Melee 2,

Parry
Melee 1

Works like a Block
Must follow a Parry

. Melee 1

Melee 2 Knocks Down opponent
Melee 1

Chapter Two: Combat Maneuvers


Chapter Three:

Styles

My kung fu can defeat your kung fu!

— Any Hong Kong martial arts flick

In the last chapter you learned about Combat Maneu-
vers — everything from how to use them to how to create
them. As you know, characters purchase maneuvers with
Power Points. However, that doesn't tell the whole story. A
character doesn't magically learn how to fight just because
the player has some points to spend.

Instead, a character has to actually take the time to study
and train, typically under a master of one or more martial arts
styles. That's what this chapter is about — the various styles that
a character might learn. A character can study one, none or
several of these styles. The player should be sure to include
episodes in the character's background that explain where he
got his training; he may even have some Contacts or other
benefits from it besides just the fighting abilities he learned.

If a character wants to buy new maneuvers after the
game has begun (perhaps with experience points), the Sto-
ryteller should try to include the learning process in the story.
Perhaps the character has to trek to a distant monastery
hidden in a Himalayan valley and apprentice himself to an

ancient master. Or maybe it's something more prosaic — a
dojo in the worst part of town that just happens to be run by
a very wise old man. Whatever you decide to do, try to
include it in the story. Don't just say, "Okay, I've got some
points saved up, so I'm gonna buy an Axe Kick." What fun
is that for anyone? Try this instead: "I've saved up some
points. I'd like to learn some new martial arts maneuvers.
Could we work an opportunity to do that into the story?
Here's what I was thinking..."

Terminology

A few terms are going to crop up in the discussion of
styles that should be defined in advance.

The first are two Japanese suffixes, -jutsu and -do, that
are often found in the names of styles. Jutsu translates as
"technique" or "art." It signifies a style that is meant to be
used in combat, one intended for actual fighting. Do, on the
other hand, means "way." It signifies a more philosophical

Chapter Three: Styles ST


A

approach to the martial arts and to life. A do style generally
isn't meant for actual combat. That's not to say it cannot be
used in combat — it can — but its primary focus is not on
fighting. Many styles that were formerly used in combat
(Aikijutsu, Jujutsu, Kenjutsu, Kyujutsu) have in the modern
day been translated into philosophical arts or sports (Aikido,
Judo, Kendo, Kyudo).

Another important distinction is chat between "exter-
nal" and "internal" martial arts styles. External styles (also
known as "hard" styles) concentrate on using physical power
and strength to defeat a foe; they usually emphasize aggres-
sive, linear motions. Examples include Karate, certain Kung
Fusubstyles (Shaolin, Wing Chun) and Muay Thai. Internal
styles ("soft" styles), on the other hand, emphasize circular
motions and place importance upon the development of the
fighter's internal power. This power is knownasch'i ("breath")
in Chinese, ki in Japanese and prana in India. By developing
it, advanced martial arts students are said to be capable of
astounding feats, such as resisting blows from swords and
injuring an opponent without touching him. The Do abili-
ties of the Akashic Brothers are, according to some opinions,
manifestations of the Brothers' control over their ch'i. Inter-
nal styles include Tai Ch'i Ch'uan, Hsing-I, Pakua and
Aikido.

One last important term: the Japanese suffix -ka means
"practitioner of." Thus, a karateka is a student of Karate.

Game Terms

Each style description includes a listing of possible
schools (anywhere characters are likely to find someone to
teach them the style) and members (the sort of persons who
typically study the style).

There's also a listing of the maneuvers that are taught to
students of the art. However, being a practitioner of a
particular style does not mean that you have to know all of
the maneuvers that make up that style. Nor does it mean that
you cannot buy other maneuvers — many martial artists
study a wide variety of styles and incorporate everything they
learn into their own routines. Characters should feel free to
do the same.

Players should be careful not to ignore the Basic Maneu-
vers. Just because you've bought a few Advanced Maneuvers
doesn't mean the Basic ones are no good any more. For
trained fighters, those maneuvers simulate the earliest, most
practical and efficient maneuvers they were taught. The
maneuver lists below may sometimes look sparse, and that's
because the Basic Maneuvers are what you should use to
simulate a wide variety of basic punches and kicks.

Finally, we've listed the weapon-based maneuvers (if
any) associated with the style and any weapon techniques
that a character must know to practice the style (you can't
fence without swords, for example). Have fun.


Martial Arts
Styles

Aikido/Aikijutsu

Aikido was founded in 1941 by Morihei Ueshiba. It is a
fighting style that uses the fighter's balance and combat
thythm to turn an opponent's motions and force against him.
Thus, it involves a lor of takedowns, throws and holds, but
few punches or kicks. (What few direct attacks there are can
be simulated with the character's Basic Maneuvers.)

Ueshiba developed Aikido out of the older Aikijutsu,
which involved more offensive maneuvers, such as joint
breaks. Ueshiba sought a more disciplined, philosophical
approach to fighting, and thus he and his style eschew direct
force. But this is not to say that an Aikido practitioner is
helpless in a fight — far from it; a skilled aikidoka can take
on several fighters at once and leave them all helpless on the
ground. Some modern substyles of Aikido are more combat-
oriented, like Aikijutsu.

Aikidoka wear distinctive fighting clothing: hakama
(wide pants almost like a split skirt) and a jacket similar to
the gi worn by karateka.

Schools: Aikido schools can be found in most major
cities; however, for the best training, one must go to Japan.
Members:
Aikido tends to at-
tract many more

philosophically ori-

Jump (1, p. 25) ented students of
Breakfall (3, p. 24) the martial arts. It

Brawl also appeals to some

Grabs: older, skilled mar-
tial artists who
either are getting
too old for more
aggressive styles or

Ma meuvers
Athletics

Disengage (3, p. 34)
Dislocate Limb (3, p. 34)
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
Joint Break (4, p. 34) have learned from
Joint Lock (4, p. 35) experience that

Throws: punching and kick-
Throw (1, p. 37) ing are not the only

Dodge ways to fight.

Blocks: Quote: First,
Kick Defense (1, p. 40) anchor yourself.
Missile Deflection (2, p. 41) Then do not let your-
Punch Defense (1, p. 42) self be moved. That
Weapon Block (3, p. 42) s the essence of

. Aikido.

Evasions:

Evasion (2, p. 42)

Arnis/Kali/Escrima

These three related martial arts styles are all stick-
fighting arts from the Philippines. They do teach combat
with knives and some unarmed maneuvers (i.e., Basic Ma-
neuvers), but generally the styles rely on 30" wooden sticks
as weapons. The primary forms are muton (two sticks), solo
haston (single stick) and espada y daga (one stick and one
knife). Kali practitioners tend to use knives more than
practitioners of the other two styles. There are dozens, if not
hundreds, of substyles of these styles. A practitioner is known
as an estocador or bastonero.

In order to practice any of these styles, a character must
know the Blunt Weapons Technique. To practice Kali, he
must also know the Blades Technique.

The statis-
tics for this style Maneuvers
can also be used Dodge
for Jojutsu, the
Japanese art of
fighting with
the jo, or short
staff. A  practi-
tioner of Jojutsu
is known as a
shijo. Disarm (2, p. 47)

Schools: Fleche (2, p. 47)
None of these Great Blow (1, p. 48)
styles are taught Parry (1, p. 48)
widely in the Riposte (2, p. 48)
United States,
although they Smash (2, p. 48)

Required Techniques:

are still very
popular in the Blunt Weapons (Escrima Stick)

Philippines.
However, there are schools in many larger cities.

Evasions:

Displacement (3, p. 42)

Evasion (2, p. 42)
Weapon Maneuvers

Bash (1, p. 47)

Dazing Blow (2, p. 47)

Members: These styles tend to require a lot of practice
to learn well, so they generally attract disciplined students.

Quote: Two sticks — two means of attack. You might dodge
one, but not both.

Bojutsu

Bojutsu is the Japanese art of staff-fighting. It uses the
rokushakubo, or bo — a six-foot-long wooden staff. Although

seemingly a simple weapon, the bo can be lethal in the hands
of a trained user. Because it has greater reach than most other
weapons, including most swords, the staff can be a very
effective weapon.

Chapter Three: Styles 59

|
i
f

A character who
wishes to practice Bojutsu
must know the Staff
Technique; the Blunt
Weapons Technique is
often known as well.

Maneu vers

Weapon Maneuvers
Bash (1, p. 47)
Dazing Blow (2, p. 47)
Disarm (2, p. 47)
Fleche (2, p. 47)
Great Blow (1, p. 47)
Parry (1, p. 48)
Riposte (2, p. 48)
Smash (2, p. 48)
Sweep (2, p. 48)

Schools: Many mar-
tial arts styles and schools
all over the world teach
basic staff-fighting skills.
However, for true Bojutsu
study, one must go to Japan.

Members: Bojutsu ap-
peals to many people,

Required Techniques:
Staff because the weapon is so

simple, yet can be used in so

many ways. However, be-
cause the bo is so large, generally only persons tall enough to wield
it effectively undertake advanced training.

Quote: | don't have to get close to you to hit you.

Boxing

Boxing is a fighting style that concentrates exclusively
on punches. Early civilizations, such as the ancient Greeks
and Chinese, practiced primitive forms of Boxing. Accord-
ing to legend, about 700 years ago St. Bernard began to teach
it to young men, to keep them from fighting each other with
knives.

For many years, boxing matches were fought with bare
knuckles and were usually illegal. In 1865, the Marquis of
(Queensberry created a set of rules for boxing that required
the use of padded gloves, timed rounds and other "merciful"
conventions well-known to the modern boxing enthusiast.

Today, "the sweet science" is a multimillion-dollar sport.
Champions suchas Muhammad Ali, George Foreman and Mike
Tyson make small fortunes every time they step into the ring.

Schools: Besides
the million-dollar
prize fighters, there
are plenty of amateur
competitions taking
place in tiny gyms all
over the country.
Anyone who wants to
study boxing can do
so pretty easily.

Members: Like
basketball, Boxing
appeals to many ur-
ban youths because
it's a sport that can
easily be "played" in

Maneuvers

Brawl

Punches:
Ducking Punch (2, p. 26)
Haymaker (2, p. 28)

Hyper Fist (4, p. 29)
Power Uppercut (4, p. 29)
Dodge

Blocks
Deflecting Punch (2, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

Evasions

Displacement (3, p. 42)
Evasion (2, p. 42)

60 World of Darkness: Combat

small urban facilities. Boxing stereotypically attracts young
men who are big and strong and looking for a way out of
poverty and squalor. Sometimes it even works.

Quote: You. Me. C'mon, two seconds, BAM! You'll be
tasting canvas.

Capoeira

Capoeira is a Brazilian martial art that was developed by
slaves who were brought to South America from Africa. It
grew out of dance; fighters wanted to look like they were
"dancing" so that they could avoid being punished if they
were caught fighting. The style retains an affinity for dance
and music even today. It is typically practiced to musical
accompaniment; many capoeiristas are also musicians.

Capoeira was also created to allow slaves to fight when
their hands were chained, hence the use of handstand kicks
and other acrobatic maneuvers. In general, Capoeira relies
little on punches
or other maneu-
vers that involve
the use of the
hands; it instead
concentrates on
kicks and acrohat-
ics. Capoeiristas

Maneuvers

Athletics

Jump (1, p. 25)
Backflip (4, p. 24)
Breakfall (3, p. 24)
Kippup (1, p. 26)

willoftencrossthe | Brawl

field of combat by | Punches:

doing cartwheels! Head Butt (1, p. 28)
Some cap- | Kicks:

oeiristas have
incorporated knife-
fighting techniques
into their repertoire
(often using the
straight-razor}, but
this is not required.

Note: Char-
acters should have
at least three dots
in Athletics before
they are allowed to study Capoeira.

Schools: There are few organized Capoeira schools, and
all of them are in Brazil. The style is almost unheard of
outside of that country.

Members: Almost all practitioners are from South
America, though this is changing as word of the style spreads.

Quote: Come, let us dance a little...

Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)
Handstand Kick (2, p. 31)
Spinning Thrust Kick (2, p. 33)
Dodge
Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

Evasions:

Evasion (2, p. 42)


Commando Training

Commando training is a generic term for the fighting
style taught to members of the armed forces. It is a practical, ¢
sometimes brutal style that borrows the most useful maneu-
vers from a wide
variety of martial arts

Ma meuvers
and combines them

Brawl

into a style that can

Punches:
Disarm (3. p. 26)
Sword Hand (3, p. 30)
Grabs:
Choke Hold (4, p. 33)
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
Throws:
Throw (1, p. 37)
Choke Throw (2, p. 37)
Flying Tackle (3, p. 34)
Dodge
Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

be taught to recruits
quickly.

Inaddition tothe
unarmed maneuvers
listed below, military
personnelarealsousu-
ally taught a wide
variety of Firearms

and Weapon Tech-

niques.

Schools: Any
military organization.
Some ex-military per-
sonnel may teach this
style in other situa-
tions.

Members: Current and former military
personnel.

Quote: We don't have time for any of that
fancy-pants "hi-yah!" stuff —- we fight to win!

Do

Do is at once the most basic and rudimentary of
all martial arts forms, yet the most elaborate and
complex. Taught and utilized by the Akashic
Brotherhood, Do accesses the human body's
ultimate physical and spiritual potential. Al-
though Do's techniques encompass the
breadth of human understanding of unarmed
combat, the true Do master eschews "fancy"
maneuvers in favor of the most simple and basic
attacks — but his knowledge of those "simple"
maneuvers is so vast that he can defeat anyone with
them.

Do may only be studied by characters who pur- A:
chase the Do Skill (The Book of Shadows, page21).Do "&
isan exceptionally powerful and rare Skill that may only be
learned from an Akashic Brother; in fact, they almost never
teach it to anyone who is not amember of their Brotherhood.

For further information on Do, please refer to The Book
of Shadows, pages 21 and 121-25. When the information in
this book conflicts with information in that book, the infor-
mation in this book "replaces" the information in that book.
Do does not allow a character any "free" maneuvers other

os SE, Syl

Chapter Three: Styles 61

than his Basic Ma-
neuvers; all other
maneuvers must be
purchased with
Power Points.
However, Do does
grant a character
+1 Initiative, +1
Accuracy, and +1
Damage with all of
his Basic Maneu-
vers. At the
Storyteller's op-
tion, characters
with four or five
dots in Do may add
+2 to all of these
statistics.

School: Find-

ing a master who can (and is willing to) teach Do is a

M amneuvers
The Do style includes all of the

unarmed fighting maneuvers listed in
this book (except for Tooth & Claw
and Shapechanging Maneuvers, of
course). However, the true masters of
Do typically fight using only the Basic
Maneuvers and a few other basic at-
tacks (such as Throw). Do students can
also learn any Weapon Maneuver or
Weapon Technique they would like to.

Do practitioners also have a class
of special "mystic" maneuvers, Do Ma-
neuvers, that only they can study.
Characters cannot purchase Do Ma-
neuvers until they have at least three
dots in Do, however.

monumental undertaking. Do masters usually live in
isolated, difficult-to-reach locations, such as hidden
temples deep in the Himalayas, deserted islands or
deep, dangerous forests. Locating a Do master should

be a story in and of itself!

Members: Members of the

Akashic Brotherhood

and anyone else

they deem worthy.
Quote: Dois

all things, yet

only One

2

4

Fencing

Fencing is a sword-fighting art developed in Europe
during the Renaissance period (circa 1400 AD). It typically
employs long, light swords (such as rapiers, foils and epees)
and daggers. Some fencing styles also teach the use of heavier
swords, such as sabers and cutlasses.

Broadly speaking, classical fencing can be divided into
two "schools." The first is the French school, which empha-
sizes parry/counterattack combinations; French fencers tend

to fight "defensively." The second,

or Italian, school is much more

<@ aggressive and emphasizes
attacks.

Schools: With the
impression fencing has
made on the entertain-
ment industry, schools


Ma meuvers
Dodge

Evasions:

Evasion (2, p. 42)
Weapons Maneuvers
Dazing Blow (2, p. 47)
Disarm (2, p. 47)
Fleche (2, p. 47)
Great Blow (1, p. 48)
Jab (1, p. 48)

Parry (1, p. 48)
Riposte (2, p. 48)
Slash (2, p. 48)
Thrust (1, p. 49)
Required Techniques
Blades

Hapkido

can be found fairly easily
throughout America.

Members: Lots of ac-
tors take fencing lessons, as
doanumber of history buffs.
Fencing students tend to be
those who view themselves
as particularly stylish in one
form or another; it is par-
favored by
changeling nobles and

ticularly

those who have lived
through the Renaissance
(such as elder vampires).
Quote: Observe how the
tip of my blade floats light as
air, gentle as a breeze. And
yet, with the flick of a wrist, it
may strike as a serpent — so!

conjunction with Tae Kwon Do schools). Some are run by
veterans of the Korean War who studied the art while they
were in Korea.

Members: Hapkido often attracts martial artists who
have already studied other styles. It is also sometimes taught
to soldiers.

Quote: Hapkido teaches you the best maneuvers for defend-
ing yourself. You must tailor its techniques to suit your own
abilities and capabilities.

Hsing-I
Hsing-I ("heart and mind") is one of the Chinese "inter-

nal" styles. Hsing-I stylists attempt to use the body's internal
energy, ch'i, to perform astounding feats in combat.

Hsing-I masters use two basic sets of maneuvers. The first
is a series of block-strike maneuvers patterned after the five
elements of classical Chinese thought (fire, water, earth, metal,=
and wood). The second is a group of animal-based forms, with
such bases as Dragon, Tiger, Horse, Turtle, Chicken, Snake and
Bear. The typical Hsing-I attack is to block an opponent'sstrike,
grab the arm or leg he

Hapkido ("the way of coordinated power") is a Korean
martial art created in the early twentieth century. It is a
practical style, designed for actual combat use. It synthesizes

maneuvers and
techniques from
many other
styles, such as
Hwarang-Do,
Aikido, Jujutsu
and Tae Kwon
Do, in an at-
tempt to teach
the student the
best aspects of
both "hard" and
"soft" styles. Like
most Korean
fighting styles, it
uses more kicks
than punches.

Schools:
Hapkido has not
penetrated
America nearly
as well as Tae
Kwon Do has,
but schools can
be found in most
major cities
(sometimes in

Maneuvers
Athletics
Jump (1, p. 25)
Breakfall (1, p. 24)
Brawl
Punches:
Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Disarm (3, p. 26)
Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29)
Kicks:
Axe Kick (3, p. 30)
Double Kick (4, p. 30)
Flying Kick (4, p. 30)
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)
Spinning Thrust Kick (2, p. 33)
Grabs:
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
Joint Break (4, p. 34)
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Throws:
Throw (1, p. 37)
Dodge
Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

attacked with and
strike the opponent
(usually with the
hand). Hsing-I is the
most linear and "exter-
nal" of the three main
Chinese internal styles.

Schools:
schools teach this style
outside of China; a stu-
dent must travel there
to find the best masters.

Members: Most
students of Hsing-I

either are already ac-
complished martial

Few

artists when they be-
gin studying it (thus,
they are ready for the
discipline required to
study Hsing-I) or have
been studying it since
they were very young.

Maneuvers

Brawl
Punches:
Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Grab Punch (2, p. 28)

Haymaker
("Monkey Slap") (2, p. 28)

Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29)
Kicks:

Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)

Grabs:
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)

Throws:
Throw (1, p. 37)

Dodge

Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Missile Deflection (1, p. 41)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)
Weapon Block (3, p. 42)

Quote: Unite mind, body and breath. Only then can you

truly fight.

Chapter Three: Styles


ors it

Hwarang-Do

Hwarang-Do is a Korean style that is said to have grown
out of certain healing techniques; to this day, masters of
Hwarang-Do are often skilled healers. It concentrates more
on punches than most Korean fighting arts do. Besides its
unarmed techniques, it teaches a wide variety of Weapon
Techniques.

Legend has it that nearly 2,000 years ago, a Buddhist
monk named Won Kwang Bopsa developed a fighting style
that he began teaching to the hwarang from whom it eventu-
ally took its name. The hwarang were something like the
Korean equivalent of knights: fighters, diplomats and mili-
tary leaders who lived by a strict code of honor.

In addition to their fighting arts, masters of Hwarang-
Do are said to possess a number of mystical powers, known as
shin gong. These include telepathy, clairvoyance and the
ability to sense danger.

Jeet Kune Do

Jeet Kune Do ("the way of the intercepting fist") is a
martial art created by the late Bruce Lee. After studying
many other martial arts styles, Lee decided that their reliance
on a limited group of maneuvers made them ineffective.

Schools:
Hwarang-Do is not
widely taught in the
United States, though
it is becoming more
common as immigra-
tion from Korea
increases. Characters
will probably have to
look around a long
time to find a school.

Members: Be-
cause of its code of
honor, which is still
taught and respected
today, Hwarang-Do
appeals to students
with a sense of disci-
pline and nobility. It's
not an art that any
punk off the street
would want to learn.

Quote: Our fight-
ing abilities are a gift
that we must learn to
use sparingly; there is
no excuse for needless
violence.

64 World of Darkness: Combat

Maneuvers
Athletics
Jump (1, p. 25)
Breakfall (3, p. 24)
Kippup (1, p. 26)
Brawl
Punches:
Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Elbow Smash (2, p. 27)
Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29)
Kicks:
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)
Grabs:
Choke Hold (4, p. 33)
Joint Break (4, p. 34)
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Throws:
Throw (1, p. 37)
Dodge
Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

Instead, he catalogued
all of the ways that the
human body could be
used to attack or de-
fend and then created a
simplified, versatile and
practical fighting style
with no patterns or pre-
defined conceptions.

Schools: Since
Lee's death, JKD has
become an extremely
popular and widely
taught style. Any char-
acter who lives ina city

should be able to find

an instructor without
too much trouble.
Members: You
name it —JKDis taught
to people of all sizes,
races and dispositions.

Quote: Use what-

ever works.

Jujutsu

Maneuvers

Brawl
Punches:
Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Elbow Smash (2, p. 27)
Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29)
Kicks:
Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)
Knee Strike (3, p. 32)
Grabs:
Choke Hold (4, p. 33)
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Throws:
Throw (1, p. 37)
Dodge
Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)
Evasions:

Evasion (2, p. 42)

Jujutsu (sometimes spelled "jiujitsu") is a Japanese fight-

ing style whose roots are about 1,200 years old. Forms of it,
which would become the basis for modern Jujutsu, arose
about AD 1400 when certain grappling and weapons tech-
niques were integrated. The term "jujutsu" was first used in
the 1600s. The art was widely studied in Japan for centuries,
and in the 1900s it began to spread out into the world to be
taught to non-Japanese.

Jujutsu is not so much a striking art as a grappling art —
most of its maneuvers are grabs and throws. The typical Jujutsu
maneuver involves grabbing an opponent, forcing him to the
eround and finishing him off. The Throw, Groundfighting and
Breakfall maneuvers should be considered mandatory; a charac-
ter cannot become a jujutsuka without knowing them.

Earlier forms of
Jujutsu. contained Maneuvers

more strikes and di- | Athletics

rect attacks than most Breakfall (3, p. 24)
modern forms. Stu- _ a,

dents from that time Groundfighting (3, p. 24)
period may purchase Kippup (1, p. 26)

the Atemi Strike and | Brawl

Phoenix Eye Fist ma- Punches:

neuvers if they wish Disarm (3, p. 26)

and can purchase Kicks:

Weapon Techniques. Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)
Schools: Jujutsu Grabs:

is widely taught in Choke Hold (4, p. 33)

the modern world, Disengage (3, p. 34)

Dislocate Limb (3, p. 34)
Fighting Hold (4, p. 34)

and there are a num-
ber of different
substyles for knowl-

edgeable characters Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
to choose from. Still, Joint Break (4, p. 34)

the most accom- Joint Lock (4, p. 35)

plished practitioners Throws:

will study in Japan at Throw (1, p. 37)

some point in their Back Roll Throw (2, p. 37)
fighting careers.

Members: Like Dodge
Aikido, Jujutsu ap- Blocks:
peals to fighters who Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
do not have the size Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

and strength to en-
gage in fist and kick fights. This includes many women.

Quote: Be as the willow — bend before force, let it pass over
you, then spring back, unharmed.

Kailindo

Kailindo is a Garou martial art concentrating on kicks,
leaps, throws, and the integration of shapechanging with
fighting. Developed by Zephyr Stargazers, it isan approach to
combat as a contemplative science. Rather than simply
giving in to their fighting urges and attacking with their
natural weaponry, kailindorani (practitioners of Kailindo)
study how to fight in a shapechanger's body and take advan-
tage of all of their potential — not just their claws and fangs.

One of the philosophies behind Kailindo is the con-
trolled use of Rage. A Garou who is easily riled or enraged
cannot master Kailindo; most maneuvers require a sort of
meditative state in which Rage is controlled by will. Kailindo
maneuvers may not be used by a character who is in frenzy.

Another ideal that underpins Kailindo is that it is first
and foremost a "peaceful" form of fighting. One of the
reasons the Stargazers developed it was that they were
sickened by the vicious, often fatal, infighting among the

gE
Ea
i
i


At jue

Garou. Kailindo is an alternative to slashing one's sept-mate
to ribbons. In this sense Kailindo has been a failure; few
Garou besides the Stargazers have the patience to practice it.
However, those Garou who think that kailindorani never use
their claws are sadly mistaken; students are not so stupid as
to ignore such potent weapons, and training in how to use
them to best effect is part of their regimen.

Wind is
heavily used asa

Maneuvers

Athletics symbol and
ump (1, p. 25) metaphor in
me , Kailindo. The
Kicks: kailindorani con-

eanmlares the
actions of the
winds in all its
forms, from mild
breezes to raging
gales. It is be-
lieved that this
will cause the
spirits of the
wind to bestow
the blessing of
knowledge of
Kailindo on the
practitioner.

Flying Kick (4, p. 30)

Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)

Reverse Front Kick (4, p. 32)

Spinning Thrust Kick (2, p. 35)
Grabs:

Choke Hold (4.,p. 33)

Disengage (3, p. 34)

Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)

Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Throws:

Throw (1, p. 37)

Choke Throw (2, p. 37)

Dodge Wind spirits are
Evasions: often invoked in
Evasion (2, p. 42) training sessions
Tooth & Claw to harass stu-

dents; it is said
that one who
can "beat the
wind" is a true
kailindorani.

Hamstring (3, p. 43)
Jaw Lock (2, p. 44)
Leaping Rake (3, p. 44)
Neck Bite (2, p. 45)

Pounce (4, p. 45) Kailindorani
Shapechanging can choose one
of the Wind

Melting (2, p. 45)
Striking The Water (4, p. 45)
Swarm (3, p. 46)

Wind Dodge (4, p. 46)

Incarna as a to-
tem. These
include the East
Wind, South
Wind, West
Wind, and North Wind. A few practitioners have even made
alliances with the more esoteric Ethereal (or Umbral) Wind.
Most Garou find these totems to be too abstract to follow, as
communication with these spirits can only come through
meditation. The wind symbolism in Kailindo has led many
Wendigo to take up the art, since they find alliance with the
wind spirits easier than most tribes (even the Stargazers! ).

The information and maneuvers found here replace those

provided in The Werewolf Player's Guide, pages 191-93.

nD

Schools, Members: Kailindorani will only teach their art
to those Garou whom they consider worthy. Prospectives
must show discipline, a talent for introspective thought and
an affinity for the wind spirits. Instruction is provided only in
isolated locations where the Garou can be reasonably certain
that they are not being observed; other kailindorani will
usually stand guard against interlopers. Although theoreti-
cally some other shapeshifters (the Bastet and Nuwisha in
particular) would be capable of learning Kailindo maneu-
vers, no Garou has ever offered training to one of their
ancient rivals.

Quote: Feel the wind flow through you. Be the wind!

7 + +
Kalaripayif

Kalaripayit ("battlefield practices") is a martial art from
southern India. It traces its origin to forms of boxing used by
the Brahmin caste; evidence of it dates back to the sixth
century AD. There are several regional substyles or variants
of Kalaripayit: in some places, leaps, kicks and low stances are
emphasized; in other places, high stances and the use orTists,
arms and torso are important.

Kalaripayit fighters train in four levels of fighting:
verumkai, or unatmed fighting; kolthari, or stick-fighting
techniques; angathari, training in other weapons; and marma-
adi, knowledge of
the 108 vital points
of the human body
and how to use
them to hurt or
heal. In game
terms, characters
may purchase the
appropriate
Weapon Tech-
niques, but are not
required to do so.

Kalaripayit
masters are known
as gurus. In addition
to their fighting
prowess, they are
also skilled in the

Maneuvers

Athletics
Jump (1, p. 25)
Breakfall (3, p. 24)

Brawl

Punches:
Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Elbow Smash (2, p. 27)
Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29)
Sword Hand (4, p. 30)
Kicks:
Flying Kick (4, p. 30)
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)
Grabs:
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)

Ayurvedic healing Throws:

system of India. Throw (1, p. 37)
Characters who | Dodge

know a lot about | Blocks:

Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)
Evasions:
Displacement (3, p. 42)
Evasion (2, p. 42)

Kalaripayit should
also have knowl-
edge of Medicine as
well.

66 World of Darkness: Combat


Schools: To study Kalaripayit, one must travel to India.
There the gurus maintain special training compounds that
also serve as "hospitals" where they practice their Ayurvedic
arts. Training sessions are usually held in the early morning
and early evening and are usually kept secret from outsiders.

Members: Most students are Indian peasants and labor-
ers.

Quote: We fight only to protect ourselves. Whenever pos-
sible, heal rather than hurt.

Karate

Karate ("empty hands") is an extremely popular martial
art that originated
in Okinawa in the
fifth century AD.
Its roots are simi-
lar to those of Kung
Fu. However, it
became a well-de-
veloped art only
after Japanese in-
vaders forbade the
Okinawans to
carry weap-

ons. In the

Maneuvers

(Karate)
Athletics
Jump (1, p. 25)

Kippup (1, p. 26)
Brawl

Punches:
Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Disarm (3, p. 26)
Knuckle Fist (3, p. 29)
Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29)
Spinning Back Fist (3, p. 29)
Sword Hand (4, p. 30)

Kicks:
Double Kick (4, p. 30)
Flying Kick (4, p. 30)
Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)
Reverse Front Kick (4, p. 32)
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)
Spinning Thrust Kick (2, p. 33)

Dodge

Blocks:
Deflecting Punch (2, p. 40)
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Maka Wara (5, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)
Weapon Block (3, p. 42)

Evasions:

Displacement (3, p. 42)
Evasion (2, p. 42)

early twentieth century, Karate traveled from Okinawa to
Japan and then from Japan to the world at large.

Karate is a hard, linear art that concentrates on direct
strikes and kicks; it uses few grabs or throws. Some of its
substyles include softer, more circular movements. Among
the most popular substyles are Goju-ryu, Isshin-ryu, Kenpo,
Shorin-ryu, Shotokan and Vechi-ryu ("ryu" means "school").
Karate has also been combined with Boxing to create
Kickboxing, a popular sport in some areas.

Karateka wear a uniform called a gi. It consists ofan uwagi
(long-sleeved jacket) and zubon (loose pants), belted with an
obi, or belt. Belts are typically colored, to show
rank.

Students of Karate often study a related art,
Kobujutsu, an armed Okinawan fightingstyle.
Kobujutsuka

Chapter Three: Styles


. learn the use of the bo staff,
K o b wa yusisus | several shorter staffs, sai, kama,
nunchaku, tonfa, eiku (boat
oar), suruchin (ashort, weighted
rope), tekko (brass knuckles),
kue (hoe), and timbe and rochin
Disarm (2, p. 47) (tortoiseshell shield and short
Fleche (2, p. 47) stabbing spear [counts asasword
Great Blow (1, p. 48) | for Weapon Techniques put-
Jab (1, p. 48)
Parry (1, p. 48)
Riposte (2, p. 48)

Weapon Maneuvers
Bash (1, p. 47)
Dazing Blow (2, p. 47)

poses], respectively).
Schools: Since World
War II, Karate has spread all
over the world. Characters can
find a Karate school in any city
and in most towns.
Members: There is no
way to characterize Karate
practitioners other than "di-
verse." All kinds of people

Slash (2, p. 48)
Smash (2, p. 48)
Sweep (2, p. 49)
Thrust (1, p. 49)
Required Techniques
Axes & Picks

Blades study Karate.

Blunt Weapons Quote: We fight with

Flexible Weapons honor, but we fight to win.

Staff

Kenjutsu

Kenjutsu ("art of the sword") is the sword-fighting style
of the samurai. It uses various Japanese swords, such as the
katana, wakizashi, and no-daichi. Its origins lie in the fifth
century AD, and it remained extremely popular with the
warrior classes through the nineteenth century. In modern
times, it has been converted into the sport of Kendo.

There were many different substyles of Kenjutsu. Unlike
fencing, Kenjutsu placed little emphasis on blocking (which
damages the valuable katanas);
the more important thing is to
cut your enemy first. Some
styles emphasized speed; some, Dodge
Evasions:

Evasion (2, p. 42)
Weapon Maneuvers
Dazing Blow (2, p. 47)
Disarm (2, p. 47)
Fleche (2, p. 47)
Great Blow (1, p. 48)
Jab (1, p. 48)

Parry (1, p. 48)
Riposte (2, p. 48)
Slash (2, p. 48)
Thrust (1, p. 49)
Required Techniques
Blades

Maneu vers

power. Some, such as the Nito
school of the great swordsman
Miyamoto Musashi, stressed
fighting with one weapon in
each hand; and some styles,
such esoteric specialties as cut-
ting one's opponent's thumb!
One substyle, Muto, even
teaches how to use some of the
defensive Kenjutsu maneuvers
without a sword (i.e.,
barehanded). A character can
spend a lifetime studying
Kenjutsu and never exhaust
its possibilities.

68 World of Darkness: Combat

Related to Kenjutsu is Iaijutsu, the art of drawing the
sword. This art teaches the warrior to draw his sword in-
stantly and attack, all in one fluid motion.

Schools: Kenjutsu is taught mostly in Japan and some-
times in certain hard-to-find schools in major cities elsewhere
in the world. For the most part, it is not an art whose schools
you can look up in the phone book.

Members: Only dedicated warriors study Kenjutsu; its
whale nugnase.isto.ceach voucbowso curand kill vour enemy.
Some Garou are rumored to have studied Kenjutsu for use
with Grand Klaives.

Quote: The true value of sword-fencing cannot be seen
within the confines of sword-fencing technique. (Miyamoto
Musashi)

Kibatsumejutsu

Roughly translated as "the art of fighting with fang and
claw," Kibatsumejutsu is a martial art developed by vampires
to employ their natural weaponry to greatest effect.

The style is surrounded by unknowns. None can say who
developed it or even what
generation he was. No one
knows where it originated,
for that matter. However,
scholars who have looked
into the matter estimate
that it began in Europe
during the 1500s; their ar-
guments as to the creator
range from a sixth genera-

Maneuvers

Brawl
Punches:

Sword Hand (4, p. 30)
Grabs:
Joint Break (4, p. 34)
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Neckbreaker (5, p. 36)
Dodge
Blocks:
Weapon Block (3, p. 42)
Evasions:
Evasion (2, p. 42)
Tooth & Claw
Hamstring (3, p. 43)
Leaping Rake (3, p. 44)
Neck Bite (2, p. 45)
Pounce (4, p. 45)
Ripping Bite (2, p. 45)

tion Toreador toaseventh
generation Gangrel to a
Brujah of uncertain lin-
cage.

Vampires who prac-
tice Kibatsumejutsu often
differ in their approach to
the art. Some have
adopted the "honorable"
attitudes prevalent among
certain of their human
counterparts and refuse to
use maneuvers that they
consider dishonorable or demeaning (such as Hamstring).
Others adopt a "whatever works" approach and consider the
honor-bound fighters fools.

Schools: Obtaining instruction in this art is difficult for
a vampire. Many practitioners are extremely reluctant to
pass on any of their knowledge. In most cases, the prospective
student has to be willing to pledge himself to be the teacher's
servant and obey his every word before the teacher will agree

|
| '

to take him on. For this reason, few vampires study
Kibatsumejutsu — such trust is not easify extended among
the Cainites.
Members: Vampires of the most dangerous sort.
Quote: You think the Sabbat know how to fight? They can
only brawl. I will show you the true fighting skills of the Kindred,
if you cross me.

Klaive Dueling

Known as klaivaskar in the tongue of the Garou, klaive
dueling is the art of fighting with klaives, their special silver
blades. A klaive is a fetish of
war, ranging in size from that
of a dagger to klaives as large
as medieval two-handed
swords.

Ma meuvers
Dodge
Evasions:

Evasion (2, p. 42)
Weapon Maneuvers
Disarm (2, p. 47)
Fleche (2, p. 47)
Great Blow (1, p. 48)
Jab (1, p. 48)

Parry (1, p. 48)
Riposte (2, p. 48)
Slash (2, p. 48)
Thrust (1, p. 49}
Required Techniques
Blades

Klaive dueling is usually
governed by honorable con-
ventions, in which the duelists
engage in ritual conversations
or insults before beginning the
actual fight. However, some-
times rage takes over, and the
fighters leap into the fray with
little thought of honorifics.

Some Garou have stud-
ied the application of human
swordfighting arts, such as
fencing and Kenjutsu, to
klaive-fighting. Garou char-
acters are free to study those styles if they wish, though many
other Garou will scorn them for "taking lessons from the
apes."

Schools: Klaive dueling is taught only to members of
one's tribe or pack. As with Kailindo, many Garou hold
onto their klaive-fighting secrets jealously, so finding an
instructor may be a challenge. Training sessions typi-
cally take place in isolated woodland groves and similar
locales.

Members: Garou.

Quote: Make your kiaive as an argent claw, so
that it responds instantly and precisely to your every
thought, striking where you will.

Kung Fu

Of all the martial arts, Kung Fu is perhaps the broadest.
There are literally hundreds of substyles of Kung Fu, which
vary wildly in their philosophies, preferred methods of attack
and defense, and practitioners. Only Pentjak-Silat even
approaches the diversity of Kung Fu.

"Kung fu" means "hard work" in Chinese; the modern
term wu shu ("war art") is a better description of the style in
many ways. Kung Fu originated many centuries ago — in
the sixteenth century BC by some accounts, but the roots
of ic definitely existed by the fifth century BC. Kung Fu
truly began to blossom in the sixth century AD, when the
Indian Buddhist monk Bedhidharma came to the Shaolin
Temple in Hunan Province. Among other things, he
taught the Shaolin monks Indian fighting arts, which
the monks blended with fighting arts of their own
to create a powerful fighting style for which
they became legendary. Over the next mil-


Maneuvers

Athletics Kicks:

Throws:

Jump (1, p. 25)
Breakfall (3, p. 24)

Drunken Monkey Roll (2, p. 24)

Kippup (1, p. 26)
Brawl
Punches:
Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Disarm (3, p. 26)

Axe Kick (3, p. 30)
Double Kick (4, p. 30)

Throw (1, p. 37)
Choke Throw (2, p. 37)

Flying Kick (4, p. 30) Dodge
Foot Sweep (1, p. 30) Blocks:

Iron Broom (4, p. 32)

Reverse Front Kick (3, p. 32)
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)
Spinning Thrust Kick (2, p. 33)

Deflecting Punch (2, p. 40)
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Maka Wara (5, p. 40)
Missile Deflection (2, p. 41)

Grab Punch (2, p. 28) Grabs:
Haymaker (2, p. 28)
Knuckle Fist (3, p. 29)
Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29)
Spinning Back Fist (3, p. 29)
Sword Hand (4, p. 30)

Choke Hold (4, p. 33)
Disengage (3, p. 34) Evasions:
Dislocate Limb (3, p. 34)
Fighting Hold (4, p. 34)
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)

Punch Defense (1, p. 42)
Weapon Block (3, p. 42)

Displacement (3, p. 42)
Evasion (2, p. 42)

Joint Lock (4, p. 35)

lennia, emperors alternately allied themselves with the
Shaolin or tried to destroy them, fearing the power of the
monks. The temple is said to have been destroyed for good
near the end of the 17th century AD.

Kung Fu was brought to America by Chinese immi-
grants inthe 1800s. Popularized through the movies, especially
those of Bruce Lee, it has become a widespread martial art.

Kung Fu substyles are generally divided into "northern"
style (which emphasize kicks) and "southern" styles (which
emphasize punches and hand attacks). Some of the most
popular substyles include Chin Na (which emphasizes grabs,
locks and attacks to vital points), Drunken style (a variant on
other styles, in which the fighter stumbles around as if drunk,
hiding his abilities), Monkey (a popular substyle that in-
volves a lot of crouching and acrobatics), Praying Mantis,
the Shaolin animal styles (Crane, Dragon, Leopard, Snake
and Tiger), Shorinji Kempo (a Japanese adaptation of Kung
Fu), White Crane and Wing Chun (an aggressive, practical
style that emphasizes up-close fighting). In addition to un-
armed attacks, the style teaches dozens of different weapons,
many of which seem outlandish to Western eyes.

A Kung Fu master is called a sifu. His school is called a
kwoon. Traditionally, his students wear a long-sleeved silk
tunic with white cuffs, loose silk trousers and a colored sash.
Kung Fu masters have been credited with dozens of quasi-
mystical powers, including hing kung (the ability to walk
without leaving a trace), iron palm (the ability to break

heavy objects with a casual slap), iron skin (the ability to
resist weapon attacks), kongjin ("empty force," the ability to
attack from a distance) and dim mak (the "death touch").

Schools: Kwoons can be found in most major American
cities, teaching one or several Kung Fu styles. However, the
best training is available only in China.

Members: As with Karate, the students of Kung Fu are
incredibly diverse. There is no way to categorize them.

Quote: You must not become a bully just because you know
how to fight. Kung Fu is an honorable way of life, and I will not
hear of my students abusing their powers!

Muay Thai

Muay Thai, better Maneu vers
known as Thai .
Athletics

Kickboxing, is a fast,
brutal martial arts style Jump (1, p. 25)

from Thailand. It in- | Brawl
volves close-in strikes Punches:

with the knees, elbows, Elbow Smash (2, p. 27)
fists and feet; it uses no Power Uppercut (4, p. 29)

grabs or throws. Fight- Sword Hand (4, p. 30)
ers often jump up to Kicks:
add more force to their Knee Strike (3, p. 32)

blows. Muay Thai Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)
fighters are trained to
Dodge

take damage as much
as they are to avoid it. Blocks:

Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Maka Wara (5, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

70 World of Darkness: Combat

In earlier times, Muay
Thai fighters would wrap their
hands in horsehair that would
be stiffened with glue and then

Krabi-
Krabong

Weapon Maneuvers

stamina necessary for their profession. Their fighting style is
quick, economical and often brutal.

Traditionally, the ninja wore a black outfit known as an
igabakama. Their chief weapons were their straight sword,

ground glass would be added
to the glue; these weapons are
the equivalent of cesti. In
modern times, Muay Thai is
an extremely popular sport in
Thailand; the fighters wear
boxing-type gloves. Each
match is preceded by a short
titual in which the fighter pays
tribute to his master and his
school; a wise warrior can learn
much about his opponent by
closely observing how he per-
forms his ritual. Professional
fighters use special "fighting

Bash (1, p. 47)

Dazing Blow (2, p. 47)
Disarm (2, p. 47)
Fleche (2, p. 47)
Great Blow (1, p. 48)
Jab (1, p. 48)

Parry (1, p. 48)

Riposte (2, p. 48)
Slash (2, p. 48)
Smash (2, p. 48)
Sweep (2, p. 49)
Thrust (1, p. 49)

Required Techniques
names" that boast of their Blades

prowess. Blunt Weapons
Muay Thai fighters also Polearms

often learn Krabi-Krabong, a Staff

form of weapons combat re-

lated to Muay Thai. It teaches the use of swords, polearms,

the staff and various types of clubs.

Schools: Although there are a few schools in America,
one must go to Thailand for true Muay Thai training. There
is a wide system of training camps and schools there. The
training is long and arduous.

Members: Muay Thai appeals almost exclusively to
males, due to the power and aggressiveness involved, but
there are some female fighters.

Quote: You must train hard, fight hard and honor your
school with victory.

Ninjutsu

Ninjutsu is the body of skills known by the ninja, the
shadow warriors of Japan. Although it is many centuries old,
Ninjutsu saw greatest use during Japan's feudal era (approxi-
mately 1200-1600 AD), when samurai warlords employed
the Iga, Koga and other ninja clans to spy on and assassinate
their enemies. When the rulers of Japan finally decided to
eliminate the ninja entirely, they went into hiding.

In recent years, there has been a revival of interest in
Ninjutsu. Where once there was little known about the ninja and

their practices, now one has difficulty finding the wheat amidst
the chaff of "Secret Ninja Death Touch!" books and schools.

The ninja's fighting art, properly known as Taijutsu, is
usually referred to as Ninjutsu. Students of Ninjutsu train for
years under grueling conditions to develop the skills and

the ninja-to and
shuriken (throwing
stars), but they actu-
ally trained in the use
of many weapons.
They also carried
many different kinds
of "gadgets" to assist
them in climbing,
crossing water, pick-
ing locks and so forth.
Female ninja,
kunoichi, often carried
weapons and devices
that were disguised as
typical women's items

— hair needles, fans
and the like.

Schools: Ninjutsu
today is often taught in
large "training camps"
located in wild areas.
This allows the instruc-
tors to teach them how
to use their skills in a
wide variety of envi-
ronments. However,
finding someone who
will teach you true
Ninjutsu, who is not
just some fly-by-night
"master," may be diffi-
cult.

Members:
Ninjutsu training is
typically open to just
about anyone, though
students may have to
travel a long way toa
training camp. Its
emphasis on practical
fighting techniques
and the media-hyped
air of "mystery" that
surrounds it makes
Ninjutsu popular with
many people.

Quote: We are the
ninja. We do not fail.

Maneuvers

Athletics
Jump (1, p. 25)
Breakfall (3, p. 24)
Groundfighting (3, p. 24)
Kippup (1, p. 26)
Brawl
Punches:
Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Disarm (3, p. 26)
Knuckle Fist (3, p. 29)
Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 30)
Sword Hand (4, p. 30)
Kicks:
Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)
Grabs:
Choke Hold (4, p. 33)
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
Joint Break (4, p. 34)
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Throws:
Throw (1, p. 37)
Dodge
Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Missile Deflection (2, p. 41)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)
Evasions:
Displacement (3, p. 42)
Evasion (2, p. 42)
Weapon Maneuvers
Dazing Blow (2, p. 47)
Disarm (2, p. 47)
Fleche (2, p. 47)
Great Blow (1, p. 48)
Jab (1, p. 48)
Parry (1, p. 48)
Riposte (2, p. 48)
Slash (2, p. 48)
Thrust (1, p. 49)
Required Techniques
Blades

Chapter Three: Styles Ti

Pakua ("eight diagrams") is another of the Chinese
"internal" fighting styles. Its philosophies and maneuvers are
derived from the I Ching, or "Book of Changes," which states
that the universe is in
M ameuvers

Brawl

a state of constant
change. Therefore, in
Pakua, any change,
no matter how slight

Punches:
Grab Punch (2, p. 28)
Haymaker (2, p. 28)

Kicks:
Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)

Grabs:
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)

Dodge

Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Missile Deflection (1, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)
Weapon Block (3, p. 42)

Evasions:

— the placement of
the foot, the turning
ofa hand, a short step
— is important.
Pakua is a highly
circular art that em-
phasizes footwork and
constant motion. A
Pakua fighter "walks
the circle" around his
foe, following an
imaginary pattern
based on the eight
diagrams that the |
Ching uses to foretell

Displacement (3, p. 42) the future. Each dia-

Evasion (2, p. 42)

72 World of Darkness: Combat

gram and direction of the circle provides the fighter with a
new angle of attack or a new posture for attack or defense.
While this may seem limiting, it is not; a Pakua master can
move so quickly and change directions so suddenly that he is
able to evade his opponent's blow's eastly while barely
seeming to move.

Pakua masters are said to possess great control over their
ch'i, their internal energies. They use palm strikes rather
than fist strikes, because this allows them better control over
the ch'i they release. The damage caused by a Pakua attack
results less from the force of the blow than from the ch'i
energy discharged into the opponent's body by the fighter.

Schools: Pakua schools are very rare in America. For
proper training, one must go to China and apprentice himself
to a master. The training may take many years; Pakua is a
subtle art that is difficult to master. Training usually occupies
the student entirely; he cannot hold a job or go to school
while studying Pakua.

Members: Pakua students tend to be disciplined, pa-
tient and precise. Most students are usually male, but there
may be females as well.

Quote: Pay attention! You must waste no motion; every
step you take, every motion of your hand, has significance.


Pentjak-Silat

This art (sometimes known simply as "Silat") comes
from Indonesia. It is second only to Kung Fu in breadth and

number of substyles.

Ma meuvers The name means "to
Athletics do fighting for self-
Jump (1, p. 25) defense." It
originated in the lat-

Breakfall (x, p. 24)
Kippup (1, p. 26)

Brawl

ter half of the first
millennia AD and
gradually spread
Punches: throughout the is-

Atemi Strike (4, p. 26) lands and
Disarm (3, p. 26) diversified. Al-
Elbow Smash (2, p. 27) though it was
Grab Punch (2, p. 28) outlawed for com-
Haymaker (2, p. 28) moners in the 1300s,
Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29) INcessant Hindu-

Muslim conflicts
Sword Hand (4, p. 30)

kept it alive among

Kicks: the people. It has
Flying Kick (4, p. 30)
Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)

Grabs: day.
Choke Hold (4, p. 33)
Disengage (3, p. 34)
Fighting Hold (4, p. 34)

been used as an ac-
tual combat art right
up to the present

Pentjak-Silat
varies wildly from
island to island and
region to region; for

Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Throws: flashy acrobatic

example, some
substyles involve

trained to keep their footing on slippery ground (mud, a
rocking boat, slick pavement) because that condition is so
common in Indonesia.

Pentjak-Silat teaches many weapons, but the most promi-
nent is the kris, a wavy-bladed dagger. All Silat students learn
how to use the kris. The mysticism and legends surrounding
this weapon equal or exceed those surrounding the katana.
Kris are said to possess many powers, such as the ability to kill
someone merely by being pointed at him or the ability to
rattle in the sheath to warn their owner of danger.

A Pentjak-Silat master is known as a guru or pandekar.
Students often wear distinctive waistcloths and turbans.

Schools: Pentjak-Silat is almost unknown in the United
States; one who wishes to study it will have to travel to
Indonesia. Training takes at least six hours a day and often
lasts for years.

Members: Traditionally, only men practiced Pentjak-
Silat; however, this may be changing in the modern world.
This style has so many substyles that a fighting method can
be found to suit almost anyone — short or tall, weak or
strong.

Quote: However you fight, I am prepared for you.

Savate

Savate (or la boxe Francaise) is French kickboxing. It is
thought to have developed in Marseilles in the 1600s out of
a crude form of kick-brawling used by sailors. In the 1700s
English boxing
maneuvers were
added to the rep-

ertoire, creating

Ma meuver
Brawl

Throw (1, p. 37)

Dodge
Blocks:

Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Missile Deflection (2, p. 41)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

Evasions:

Evasion (2, p. 42)

Weapon Maneuvers

Disarm (2, p. 47)
Fleche (2, p. 47)

Great Blow (1, p. 48)

Jab (1, p. 48)
Parry (1, p. 48)
Riposte (2, p. 48)
Slash (2, p. 48)
Thrust (1, p. 49)

Required Techniques

Blades

leaps, while in oth-
ers, the fighters
move and fight
while crouched low
on the ground.
Sumatran substyles
concentrate on
kicks, while
Bornean and West
Javanese substyles
concentrate on
punches and hand
attacks; other
substyles mix tech-
niques or use more
grabs and throws.
However, one thing
that most styles
have in common is
that fighters are

the martial art we
know today. A
Savate fighter is
known as a
savateur (or
savateuse if a
woman).

A Savate
fighter's rank is
indicated byacol-
ored band on the
wrist of his gloves
— from lowest to
highest, the ranks
are purple, blue,
green, red, white,
yellow, bronze, sil-
ver and gold.

Schools:

Punches:
Disarm (3, p. 26)
Ducking Punch (2, p. 26)
Haymaker (2, p. 28)
Spinning Back Fist (3, p. 29)
Kicks:
Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 33)
Spinning Thrust Kick (2, p. 33)
Dodge
Blocks:
Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
Punch Defense (1, p. 42)
Evasions:
Displacement (3, p. 42)
Evasion (2, p. 42)

Savate schools are known as salles. Almost all of them are
located in France, though the art has spread slowly beyond that
nation's borders. The best salles are in Marseilles and Paris.

Chapter Three: Styles 73

Members: Schools are open to anyone willing to learn.
Compared to many martial arts, Savate is easy to learn — it
has a relatively small number of maneuvers — but, as with
Muay Thai, the fighter has to take a lot of punishment while
learning it.

Quote: Boxing? No, this isn't just boxing. Let me show
YOU...

Tae Kwon Do ("way of kicking and punching") is a Korean
martial art. It dates to approximately the seventh century AD.
It underwent constant development until forced underground
by the Japanese in-
vasion of Korea in
the first decade of
the 1900s. After
World War II it
emerged fromseclu-
sion and spread
across the world.

Like most Ko-
rean arts, Tae

Maneu vers
Athletics
Jump (1, p. 25)
Breakfall (3, p. 24)

Brawl

Punches:
Disarm (3, p. 26)
Elbow Smash (2, p. 27)
Sword Hand (4, p. 30)

Kwon Do empha-
Kicks: sizes kicks over

Double Kick (4, p. 30) punches or other
Flying Kick (4, p. 30) maneuvers. De-

Foot Sweep (1, p. 30) pending upon who

; the student learns
Roundhouse Rick (3, p. SPP ;
( from, it may be

Spinning Thrust Kick (2, p. 33) | jitsle more than a

Dodge sport or a deadly
Blocks: combat art.
Kick Defense (1, p. 40) Schools: A

Punch Defense (1, p. 42) Tae Kwon Do
school is known as
a dojang. They are extremely common; characters can find
them by the dozen in just about any city. Students wear a
uniform similar to a Karate gi, called a dobok.

Members: Tae Kwon Do attracts students from all walks
of life; it has something to offer just about anyone.

Quote: Do not be fooled by the seeming directness of
punching. The feet are more powerful and, with training, faster

than the hand.

Tai Ch'i Ch'uan

This style, whose name means "supreme ultimate fist" or
"yin-yang boxing," is the most advanced of the Chinese
internal fighting arts. Millions of people all over the world
practice it as a form of therapeutic, meditative exercise, little
realizing that a true fighting art lies beneath their artistic and
seemingly harmless movements.

74 World of Darkness: Combat

According toleg-
end, a Taoist monk
created Tai Ch'i
Ch'uan after observ-
ingasnake andahawk
fighting. Inspired by

Maneuvers

Brawl
Punches:

Atemi Strike (4, p. 26)
Disarm (3, p. 26)

the way that they Grab Punch (2, p. 28)

could be simulta- Phoenix Eye Fist (2, p. 29)
neously loose and
Grabs:

free-moving while ;
hard and fast, he cre- Disengage (3, p. 34)
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)

ated a fighting art
whose maneuvers are Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Throws:

patterned after natu-

ral movements. The Throw (1, p. 37)
style is based on the Dodge

Thirteen Postures Blocks:

(eight setionsine - Kick Defense (1, p. 40)
rections . an Maka Wara (5, p. 40)
typically involves

Punch Defense (1, p. 42)

blockingan incoming
Evasions:

attack and then grab-
bing and/or striking
the opponent. Cycles
of movement and the
rhythm and harmony
of combatare important; aTaiCh'i master reacts "weakly" when
his opponent attacks with strength and "strongly" when he uses
a "weak" assault. The names of the maneuvers are perhaps the
most beautiful of any in the martial arts — Night Bird Returns
to the Forest, Celestial Horse Walks in the Sky, Meteor Chasing
the Moon, Lion Shakes His Head.

Over the past several centuries, a number of different
substyles of Tai Ch'i Ch'uan have developed. Some are more
a form of exercise than a fighting art, while others (such as
Chen and Sun) emphasize combat applications.

In addition to their fighting skills, Tai Ch'i Ch'uan

masters have such great control over their own ch'i that they

Displacement (3, p. 42)
Evasion (2, p. 42)

live extremely long lives and are said to possess wondrous
powers, such as the ability to use their martial arts on ghosts
and demons, the "iron shirt" and dim mak abilities of the
Kung Fu masters and fa-ch'ing, the ability to project their ch'i
into a foe, causing lethal injuries.

Schools: Most "Tai Ch'i" schools teach the exercise forms
of the art, not the combat forms. Finding a combat-oriented
master is extremely difficult, especially outside of China.

Members: Many who are first drawn to Tai Ch'i Ch'uan
as a form of meditative exercise or dance eventually become
interested in its combat applications. The nature of the art is
such that anyone —— young, old, male, female, tall, short —
can study and succeed.

Quote: To become strong, one must be weak. To become
fast, one must be slow. This is the nature of life.

Wrestling

Wrestling is one of the earliest — if not the earliest — forms
of martial arts. Virtually every ancient society had some form of
wrestling, and many of those forms have survived almost un-
changed right up to the present day. Some, such as the sumo
wrestling of Japan, are highly stylized; others, such as yaghliguresh
(Turkish wrestling), are much more free-form. Other examples of
Wrestling include sanbo (Russian), cireum (Korean, similar to
sumo), dumog (Filipino), koshti (Iranian) and naban (Burmese).
And, of course, there's modern-day professional "wrestling," which
is more of a choreographed show than an actual form of fighting.

The primary aim of any style of wrestling is to force the
opponent to the ground and pin him there. Thus, the art
involves few strikes, but many different forms of grabs and
throws. Strength and size play an important part; there are
few successful small wrestlers.

The maneuver list given below is meant to be used to simulate
many different forms of wrestling — from sumo to American
professional wrestling. Choose the maneuvers that seem most
appropriate to the style you want to simulate.

Schools: Wres-
tling can be learned
just about anywhere;
most junior high and
high schools have a
wrestling team, for
example.

Members: As
described above,
only big, strong
people are usually
attracted to wres-
tling. Generally,
only men compete
in the sport.

Quote: You
want a piece of this?
C'mon over here and
take it, little boy!
Hope youlike the taste
of losing!

Chapter Three: Styles

Maneuvers
Athletics
Jump (1, p. 25)
Groundfighting (3, p. 24)
Shoulder Smash (2, p. 26)
Brawl
Grabs:
Backbreaker (2, p. 33)
Bear Hug (2, p. 33)
Choke Hold (4, p. 33)
Disengage (3, p. 34)
Fighting Hold (4, p. 34)
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
Improved Pin (4, p. 34)
Knee Basher (3, p. 35)
Pin (3, p. 36)
Throws:
Throw (1, p. 37)
Choke Throw (2, p. 37)

7s


Chapter Four:
The Super-

natural

There is nothing impossible in the existence of the supernatu-
ral: its existence seems to me decidedly probable.

~~ George Santayana, "The Genteel Tradition at Bay"

Ina game system with as much breadth and diversity as the
Storyteller system, no single set of combat rules can cover every
situation. Inevitably, exceptions, variations and special situa-
tions arise. This chapter is an attempt to cover as many of these
problems as possible, to provide for the combat effects of
Disciplines, Gifts, magick, Arcanoi, cantrips and dozens of other
situations. The exceptions are listed by the book they appear in.

If you have a question about the effect of a particular power
or ability in combat and that question is not answered in this
chapter, use the answers in this chapter along with your own
common sense to figure outa workable solution to your problem.

General
System Notes

The following notes apply to all World of Darkness
characters.

Acting: Characters may be able to use Acting to feign a
greater injury than they have actually suffered, chus rendering
their opponent overconfident and perhaps gaining a bonus of
some sort (e.g., +1 Accuracy) when they counterattack.

Movement in Combat: A character who moves in
combat must subtract one die from his Dice Pool for every
three yards that he moves. This rule does not apply to any
Combat Maneuver with a "Move" modifier; movement is
already accounted for in the rules for those maneuvers.

Climbing: Characters may not use Combat Maneuvers
ot weapons while attempting to climb. However, if they can
reach a perch or other area on which they can rest without
having to use their hands, it may be possible to use some
weapons (especially guns) or Combat Maneuvers.

Feats of Strength: Characters may make a Willpower
roll (difficulty 9) to increase the damage of a hand-to-hand
combat maneuver — +1 Damage per success. This requires
the expenditure of one point of Willpower, Rage, Pathos or
even a Blood Point as appropriate.

Chapter Four: The Supernatural 7

a jae

The Masquerade

Blood Points: Vampires may spend Blood Points instead
of Willpower to perform certain combat maneuvers. At the
Storyteller's discretion, maneuvers or abilities listed as hav-
ing a Rage cost may be purchased and used by vampires, with
Blood Points being used in place of Rage.

Disciplines

Auspex

Telepathy/Steal Secrets: Knowing what your opponent
is about to do allows you to react to her plans. A vampire who
is able to read the mind of his opponent may be able to gain
advantages in combat, such as +1 to Initiative or Accuracy.
However, due to the stress of combat situations, the Story-
teller may wish to increase the difficulty of any rolls associated
with Telepathy by one.

Psychic Projection/Anima Walk: Characters who are
psychically projecting themselves cannot engage in combat with
"solid" characters. They can, however, fight other astral charac-
ters and beings as normal; astral characters carry with them astral
versions of their weapons and can use themastrally in the normal
fashion. Remember that certain Social and Mental Traits take
the place of Physical Traits on the astral plane.

Celerity

Celerity can be used to devastating effect in combat,
especially if the character knows Combat Maneuvers that
allow him to make multiple hits against a foe. Storytellers
should monitor the use of this Discipline closely and make
sure that it does not unbalance the game. If it does, the
problem can be corrected by increasing the cost of using
Celerity, to the point where use of the Discipline decreases
to manageable levels.

Celerity has no effect on Initiative.

Dominate

Due to the stress of combat situations, the Storyteller may
wish to increase the difficulty of any rolls associated with this
Discipline by one or two (the greater the usefulness of the effect
the vampire is trying to achieve, the greater the penalty).

78 World of Darkness: Combat

Command the Wearied Mind/Observance of the Spo-
ken Word: If successfully used in combat, this Discipline can
cause an opponent to momentarily hesitate, granting the
vampire +1 Initiative or +1 Accuracy (player's choice).

Mesmerize/Murmur of the False Will: This Discipline
can force an opponent to leave himself wide open to attack,
increasing the vampire's Initiative, Accuracy and Damage
by 3.

Possession/Vessel: This Discipline can be used to take
control of an opponent and force him to kill himself, restrain
himself or otherwise eliminate his combat effectiveness. If
the possessed character is killed, the possessor's mind in-
stantly snaps back to his own body, but he is disoriented and
unable to take any action for one turn.

Obfuscate

If a character suspects that there is a vampire nearby
hiding himself with this Discipline, he may attack blindly,
hoping to hit him. The Storyteller should first determine
where the hidden character is. If the character's attack is
directed at the proper place or in the proper direction (more
or less), then he is at -4 Accuracy when attempting to hit his
unseen foe. If his attack is not directed towards the hidden
character's location, he has no chance of hitting, but the
Storyteller may want to have him roll anyway, to conceal the
fact that his guess about his foe's location is completely

wrong.

Potence

Add one point to the damage done by a hand-to-hand
attack (armed or unarmed) for every point of Potence a
character possesses.

Presence

Awe and Entrancement: Generally, these Disciplines
cannot be used in combat situations; they require a subtlety
that is not present in a firefight.

Dread Gaze: In combat situations, when people are
already afraid, the vampire is considered to have one extra
dot in Intimidation for purposes of using this Discipline.

Summon: Ifa vampire attempts to use this Discipline on

acharacter while she is currently in combat, she is considered
to have one less dot in Charisma and one less dot in

Subterfuge.

Majesty: If this ability is successfully used in combat, the
affected character will automatically flee, terrified at the
thought of having dared to fight against so august a person.


Protean

Wolf Claws/Talons of the Beast: A vampire using this
Discipline is considered to "possess claws" for the purpose of
using Tooth & Claw maneuvers.

Shadow of the Beast/Form of the Beast: Refer to the
Werewolf section below for information on lupine forms and
combat. As for the bat form, hitting a hat in combat should be
extremely difficult (-3 Accuracy, at least), but a bat can use no
Combat Maneuvers (except Dodge and at the Storyteller's op-
tion, some Tooth & Claw maneuvers doing miniscule damage).

Thaumaturgy

Movement

of the Mind/
Rego Motus:
This Discipline
has a wide variety of
combat uses, such as
causing weapons

"dance" (move and attack by
themselves) or stopping the
force of an enemy's blow. The fol- *. \ \
lowing are general rules of thumb: ‘

to

— Assuming the vampire can lift
enough weight to pick up a
weapon, he uses it to attack as 4
normal; the standard modifiers,
penalties and rules apply.

— Assuming the vampire
has enough mental strength [J
to affect an attacker, ¢
he can prevent that
person from attack-
ing him in any
physical way. If he does

not have sufficient strength to stop the attacker entirely, he
may apply his successes to reduce the damage from any
physical hand-to-hand attack by one per success. This does
not apply to bullets, flames from flamethrowers, grenades
(and other explosives) or other such attacks.

— This Discipline can be used to crush a foe with a
heavy object. The object will do 3 Health Levels of damage
for every success achieved on the attempt to lift the object.
To hit the target with the lifted object, the vampire must roll
Willpower (difficulty 8); this damage may be soaked in the
usual fashion.

— When successes are used to indicate the strength
of the grasp or blow, each success equates to one
Health Level of damage for combat purposes.

Other

Basics

Frenzy: Characters in frenzy lack
the discipline and self-control to use
Advanced Combat Maneuvers or
/ Weapon Maneuvers; instead, they at-
) tack with their natural weapons and
possibly their Basic Maneuvers in the most
savage way possible. They will not block
or dodge, preferring instead to attack
all-out. Of course, as always, there
are certain combat benefits to frenzy

as well.

Rétschreck: When struck by
Rétschreck, a vampire may be in
or get into a situation where she
has to fight to escape. If so, she
reacts exactly as if she were in
frenzy, although with none of
the combat benefits.

Chapter Four: The Supernatural 79


"iat

HE APOCALYPSE oF
WNIEREW E APOCA cE

Forms: Hispo and Lupus form Garou cannot use Basic or
Advanced Combat Maneuvers, except for those few maneuvers
that are compatible with those forms (e.g., Dodge, Sprint, passi-
bly some Stunts) and Tooth & Claw and Shapechanging
Maneuvers. In particular, they cannot use Punches, Kicks, Grabs,
Throws, Blocks or any weapons or Weapon Maneuvers. Crinos
form Garou tend not to use Advanced Combat Maneuvers other
than Tooth & Claw maneuvers, but may do so if they wish.

Lupus form Garou are considered to be crouching. Their
claws are small compared to those of the Crinos and Hispo
forms, and only do +1 damage (not the usual +2). Lupus gain
+2 Move on all maneuvers they can use.

Hispo form Garougain +1 Move onall maneuvers they can use.

Crinos form Garou can be hit with Aerial maneuvers,
due to their great size.

Glabro form Garou have small claws (+1 damage in-
stead of +2), and their teeth are not long enough for them to
use maneuvers that have "possessing fangs" as a prerequisite.

Rage: In most situations when the combat rules cail for a
character to spend a point of Willpower, a Garou may spend a
Rage point instead.

Gifts

Homid

Jam Technology: This Gift may be used to jam firearms,
requiring the user to unjam them before they can be fired, or
to make a weapon temporarily unusable (by detaching parts,
causing it to fall to pieces and so forth).

Staredown: The difficulty of this ability is decreased by
one in combat; persons in battle are already afraid and
inclined to flee. However, it may be much harder to stare an
opponent in the eyes in a combat situation.

Reshape Object: This Gift can be used to ruin weapons
made of wood or other once-living substances. If the Garou
achieves any successes (difficulty 8), the weapon will be ren-
dered useless. This requires the expenditure of one Gnosis point.

Metis

Create Element: If used to create fire, this Gift can cause
damage. Fires caused using ordinary fuel do damage as speci-
fied in the rulebooks. If the Garou attempts to set another

8o World of Darkness: Combat

character on fire directly, the character will suffer one
Health Level per success achieved. Personal effects (such as
clothing) and hair or fur are likely to continue burning,
inflicting further damage, unless the character does some-
thing to put out the fire (e.g., dropping and rolling, diving
into water).

Lupus

Leap of the Kangaroo: When used in conjunction with
the Jump maneuver, this Gift doubles the length that a
character can Jump and adds +2 to Move (instead of the usual
+1).

Gnaw: When used in conjunction with a fang-based
Tooth & Claw Maneuver, this Gift adds an extra die of
Damage.

Ragabash

Blissful Ignorance: Refer to Obfuscate, above, for infor-
mation on the effects of invisibility in combat.

Gremlins: Refer to Homid: Jam Technology, above, for
information on the use of this Gift against weapons.

Theurge

Feral Lobotomy: Victims of this ability will lose the
ability to use Combat Maneuvers, Weapon Maneuvers and
firearms — these abilities are functions of the "civilized"
mind, not the animalistic mind the character will have left
after his Intelligence is drained with this Gift. It is up to the
Storyteller to determine when these losses set in; the choice
should be made with an eye toward drama and action. At the
Storyteller's option, the regressed victim may retain certain
Tooth & Claw maneuvers (if he possessed any in the first
place).

Philodox

Weak Arm: The successes achieved with this ability
may be divided between Initiative, Accuracy or Damage in
whatever proportion the player wishes. These bonuses do not
last beyond the end of the scene. If the Garou later confronts
that same foe again, he does not automatically get the same
bonuses, but he does get +1 die when rolling to use this Gift
again.

Roll Over: If a Garou attempts to use this Gift in
combat, he is assumed to be at -1 Willpower. However, if he
succeeds, the victim is completely open to attack; the Garou
automatically wins Initiative over him, need not roll to hit
him and rolls Damage at +3.

Geas: This Gift cannot be used against a foe in combat;
a foe's basic instincts include not obeying his enemies or
rendering himself vulnerable. It may be used on allies,
however.


Wall of Granite: As the Garou moves, a Wall of Granite
moves with him, potentially rendering it a destructive ob-
ject. Objects or characters that are hit by the Wall as it moves
take 10 dice of damage. However, Storytellers should be
careful not to allow characters to use the Wall primarily as a
weapon; that is not the intent of the Gift, and the earth
elementals may take the Gift away from any Garou who
abuses it.

Galhard

Eyes of the Cobra: If a Garou attempts to use this Gift
on a foe in combat, the foe's Willpower is considered to be
two points higher for purposes of resisting.

Song of Rage: When this Gift is used in combat, the
resisting foe's Willpower is considered to be two points
lower.

Head Games: Usually, this Gift cannot be used in
combat, for it requires the Garou to speak with his victim. If
the situation permits use of this Gift, the target's Willpower
is considered to be two points higher when resisting if the
Garou tries to make the target change sides or place himself
at any sort of disadvantage.

Ahroun

The Falling Touch: This Gift does no damage, but
causes Knockdown.

True Fear: Refer to Presence: Dread Gaze, above, for
information on how this ability works during combat.

Clenched Jaw: This Gift primarily applies to the Jaw
Lock maneuver, but can be used with other fang-based
maneuvers. Successful use of this Gift is equivalent to main-
taining a Sustained Hold on the target.

Kiss of Helios: Hand-to-hand attacks made with a
blazing hand (or appropriate body part) inflict +1 Damage.

Bone Gra Wer s

Scent of Sweet Honey: Victims of this effect suffer a -
1 die penalty to all rolls in combat.

Attunement: If used in a combat situation, this Gift will
tell the Garou everything he could want to know about the
battleground — its layout, where foes are probably hiding
and so forth. To simulate this, the Storyteller may offer the
player tactical advice, taking into account everything she
(the Storyteller) knows about the locale.

Children of Gaia

Dazzle: A victim of this Gift is extremely vulnerable to
attack any attacks are at +2 Accuracy. Of course, a
successful attack breaks the effect of the Gift.

The Living Wood: For purposes of attacking, plant life
is assumed to have the following characteristics:

Type of Plant Strength Dexterity Stamina Health Levels
Large Tree 7 7 15
Medium Tree 12
Small Tree 10

Large Shrub 7
Medium Shrub : 5
Small Shrub 3

Plant life cannot use Basic or Advanced Combat Ma-
neuvers; it does damage based solely on its Strength.

Fianna

Howl of the Banshee: When in combat, characters are
considered to have -1 Willpower for purposes of resisting this
Gift.

Phantasm: The potential combat effects of this versatile
Gift are too extensive to discuss here. Storytellers should
adjudicate the effects of Phantasms with an eye to both
drama and reasonableness.

Get of Fenris
Halt the Coward's Flight: This ability can be used to

halve an opponent's Move.

Hero's Stand: A Garou using this Gift cannot be
knocked down.

Scream of Gaia: This Gift does Knockdown.

Fenris' Bite: Rather than crushing an opponent's limb,
a Garou may choose to use this Gift to do a straight +5
Damage with any fang attack or maneuver.

Beastmind: Refer to Theurge: Feral Lobotomy, above,
tor information about the etfects of this Gitt in combat.

Avalanche: Typically, victims caught in the effects of
this Gift are killed; the Storyteller determines exactly what
happens to them.

Gaia's Vengeance: Refer to Children of Gaia: The
Living Wood, above, for combat statistics of plant life; use
those statistics as guidelines for determining the combat
statistics of other natural objects (e¢.g., rocks have high
Strength and Stamina, but low Dexterity and movement
abilities; vines have medium Strength, medium Stamina,
high Dexterity and no movement abilities).

Chapter Four: The Supernatural si


Shadow Lords

Fatal Flaw: For each success achieved on the roll, the
Garou may add one to her Initiative, Accuracy or Damage
while she fights that foe; these bonuses do not last beyond the
end of the scene. If the Garou later confronts that same foe
again, she does not automatically get the same bonuses, but
she does get one die to place where she likes (Initiative,
Accuracy or Damage).

Clap of Thunder: Victims of this effect are considered
to be Dazed.

Paralyzing Stare: If used successfully in combat, this
Gift forces an opponent to leave himself wide open to attack,

increasing the Garou's Initiative, Accuracy and Damage by
3.

Obedience: This Gift generally does not work in com-

bat. In combat situations when it does have a chance ot

working, the victims' Willpower rolls to resist are only

difficulty 7.

Silent Striders
Speed of Thought: This Gift doubles a Garou's Move

for the scene.

The Great Leap: When used in conjunction with the
jump maneuver, this Gift adds up to +10 Move to any other
maneuver.

Silver Fangs

Lambent Flame: The bonuses and penalties provided by
this Gift affect Accuracy.

Paws of the Newborn Cub: In addition to its normal
results, this Gift prevents the target from using any Ad-
vanced Combat Maneuvers.

Stargazers

Merciful Blow: A foe rendered helpless by this Gift may
be attacked with automatic Initiative and at +3 Accuracy
and Damage.

Uktena

Shroud: Attacks made by or against characters in the
pitch-black darkness created by this Gift are at -3 Accuracy
unless the character possesses the means to see into or out of
the darkness clearly.

Invisibility: Refer to Obfuscate, above, for details on
invisibility in combat.

Hand of the Earth Lords: Refer to Thaumaturgy:
Movement of the Mind/Rego Motus, above, for details on
the effects of telekinesis in combat.

World of Darkness: Combat

Other Basics

The Spirit World: It takes one combat turn to step
sideways, and during that time the character(s) attempting
to enter the spirit realm may not move, fight, or dodge;
attacks against them are at +2 Accuracy. Furthermore, if an
attack disturbs or breaks the shiny surface the character is
using to enter the spirit realm, their attempt is thwarted.

A character who is trapped in the Gauntlet for a period
of time as he enters the spirit realm is still physically vulner-
able. He cannot move, attack or take any other physical
actions; attacks against him are at +2 Accuracy. However,
because he is only partly physical at that point, attacks
against him are at -3 Damage. Attacks from magick or other
powers that affect the spirit as well as the body do full
damage.

Frenzy: Characters in a Berserk frenzy lack the disci-
pline and self-control to use Advanced Combat Maneuvers
or Weapon Maneuvers; instead, they simply attack with
their natural weapons and possibly their Basic Maneuvers in

the most savage way possible. They will'never block or dodge,
only striking as hard as they can. Characters in a Fox frenzy,
however, will not attack at all unless something stands
between them and their escape route. In that case, they will
tear into whoever and whatever blocks their flight as if they
were in a Berserk frenzy.

Delirium: Humans under the effects of Delirium who
have Willpower of 5 or less lack the discipline and self-
control to use Advanced Combat Maneuvers or Weapon
Maneuvers; instead, they simply attack with their natural
"weapons" (fists, sometimes fingernails or teeth) and possi-
bly their Basic Maneuvers in the most savage way possible.
However, they prefer to run rather than fight; they will only
fight if there is no other option.

An entire chapter could not contain all the combat
variations magick makes possible. Fortunately, it really isn't
necessary to go through them all step-by-step. For the most
part, a mage's talents allow her to do a number of Stunts,
detailed below.

To use magick in combat, the mage declares what she's
doing and how she's doing it, then rolls her Arete against the
normal difficulties ("coincidental," "vulgar," or "vulgar with
witnesses"). Under combat conditions, an Effect might well

a


Si,
4 :

be consid- -
ered a "Fast
Cast" on the Magick Dif-
ficulties chart (Mage, page
171), and some foci will be hard if not
impossible to use. During a quick-and-
dirty fight, a mage must use a Stunt card to
perform an Effect; if you don't use cards,
assume that only one Arete roll per spell is
possible. (In other words:
sorry, no extended rituals.)
A mage using
magick in combat
could perform any
of the following
Stunts, assuming
she had the Sphere
levels to pull a given
trick off. (Note: All
Mage rulebook refer-
ences apply to the second
edition hardcover. Chap-
ters Eight and Ten offer some
examples of combat magick in action.
For more details, see pages 260-261.)

Inflict Direct
Damage

The mage simply blasts her foe with a fireball, ice
storm or disease; rips him apart on the molecular level; or
deals him some other equally unpleasant blow. Although
most direct attacks — like throwing a fireball — are vulgar
magick, they're fast and effective. Using a suitable focus
(i-e., gun, flask of evil-smelling fluid, etc.) wisely can make
direct attacks acceptable under many circumstances. Most
people can accept that a fragile gas main lies under a
crumbling city street. That same "explanation" won't
wash in the middle of a desert.

The Mage rulebook covers magickal damage on
pages 170-171 and explains which attacks inflict ag-
gravated injuries as opposed to normal damage. Some
Spheres — Entropy, Mind and Forces — adjust the amount
of harm they do. The Damage and Duration chart (page 171)
spells out which Spheres have lesser or greater combat
effects.

os e bad
Cause Nasty "Accidents
This is the smart mystick's way to fight; by nudging
reality in subtle ways, the mage can wipe the floor with her
opponent while appearing completely innocent (and avoid-

. Unless the
\ mage fouls
NN her spell
(i.e.,
botches), the enemy sim-
ply ends up in the wrong place
at the wrong time. The varia-
tions are literally endless.

Generally, accidents
can have a number of ef-
fects:

e The mage may add
magickal damage to an al-
ready-painful attack.
Examples include the bul-
let chat tears through a vital
organ, the karate blow that
shatters the victim's entire
ribcage, the poisoned injec-
tion and so on. This tactic
usually involves Life, Forces or
Matter, although Entropy and Time
can induce long-term harm, while Correspondence can hurt
someone from a distance.

In either case, add the magickal damage (see above) to
the normal damage, then allow the target to soak the results.
This requires playing a Stunt card the turn or two before
playing the attack card. That attack must, of course, succeed
before the magick can intensify those results. For simplicity,
assume that damage done this way is normal, not aggravated.
Things become too complicated — and too unbalanced —
otherwise.

Chapter Four: The Supernatural

83

© The mage might also use magick to set off a chain of
events. Examples include the ricochet that causes a gas main
to explode, the corroded ceiling that collapses onto an
enemy's head or the speeding taxi driver who runs a red light
and crashes into the target. Mind, Entropy, Matter and
Forces work best for these diversions, although Time might
be used to set up "triggers" for later use. Either way, some
object or circumstance must exist in order to be used; it might
be created on the spur of the moment, but must be there when
the attack takes place. Forces can divert the bullet, Entropy
or Matter can corrode stone or plaster, Mind can make the
taxi driver doze for that crucial sec-
ond, etc. None of these things
will happen, however,
if nothing's there to
work with.

A Stunt card
must he used to set
events in motion.

Yu

)
WS \ =
Nelo tt |

Baan

v

Generally, you can assume that this kind of "accident" causes
two Health Levels' worth of nonaggravated damage for every
success on the attacker's Arete roll. A really devastating
"accident" — an exploding ammunition dump, for instance
— might be worth a great deal more at the Storyteller's
option. Fortunately, a good "accident" is considered coinci-
dental magick, though the usual chances to botch still exist.

¢ With a momentary distraction, the mystick gains the
upper hand. Examples include a sudden shadow across the
enemy's vision, a brief lapse of concentration, a light bulb
blowing out or other tactics. Mind magicks excel for this kind
of fighting, though Forces Effects could distort light patterns
and Spirit-summoned allies could shift things in the mage's
favor without any outsider noticing.

To play such "accidents," the player employs a Stunt
card and describes what she wants to have happen. Diver-
sions do no damage on their own,
> but shift the fight to the mage's
Bs advantage. This attack's effects
depend on the player's idea
and the Storyteller's judg-
ment; the more successes the
attacker rolls, of course, the
greater the trick's own

success.

Change
Shape

and/or
Form:

By growing new
limbs, wings or
claws, boosting her
Attributes or chang-
ing her mass or
structure, the mage can
either execute maneuvers
she wouldn't be able to do
normally or add to her nor-
mal attack ratings. This is often

vulgar, although subtle cyber-
netic implants can add a little
bit to one's Physical Av
tributes (see the Better Body
Effect) without making a fuss. }
The Life Sphere must be used as part of
such Stunts. Each change requires playing a Stunt card.

e A shapeshifted mage can use up to five cards that she
hasn't actually bought with points. Use judgment with this
— a mage with claws can use a Hamstring card, but not a
Joint Lock one. Examples include Jump, Leaping Rake, Neck


Bite, Ripping Bite, etc. Obviously, when the Effect ends, the
player hands the cards back. A mage who has permanent
modifications — like a cyborg ora Verbena who shifts to bear
form regularly — can buy those maneuvers permanently, as
long as those modifications are in use while the cards are.

© The mage who augments her Physical Attributes adds
the extra dots to her Initiative (with Dexterity) or Damage
(with Strength). She doesn't get any cards that she hasn't
paid for, as the Effect simply allows her to do what she
normally does, but better.

Perform Uncanny Stunts

By employing sensory magicks, Time Effects or Mind tricks,
a mage can see incoming attacks, speed up, turn invisible, etc.
Many of the Disciplines or Gifts mentioned earlier cover these
maneuvers already. See the notes given above for Auspex,
Celerity, Dominate, Presence, Protean and Obfuscate.

Subtle Stunts (sensing a backstabber, staring down a foe
by playing Mind tricks on him, etc.) can be passed off as
natural events and good fortune. The more grotesque Effects
(speeding toa blur, freezing an enemy in time, etc.) are pretty
vulgar. To use an Effect this way, the player simply employs
aStunt card, explains the results and rolls. The rules given for
the Spheres govern what she can and cannot do.

Use Countermagick

Storytellers can handle combat countermagick in one of
two ways: Either demand that the mage play a Stunt card in
place of her normal action or simply let her cancel the action
to roll countermagick instead. Any defensive variation is
possible (see Mage, pages 172-175). Either way, the mage
cannot use countermagick and attack in the same turn.

jot

Lifesight: A wraith's lifesight can provide important
clues as to the intentions of potential attackers — thus,
"ambushing" a wraith can be very difficult.

Insubstantiality and Corpus States: A wraith's insub-
stantiality is perhaps its greatest combat asset. Wraiths are
always immune to Stun damage to begin with, and when a
wraith becomes intangible (thus losing Corpus), it cannot be

affected by any physical weapons. The natural weapons of
supernatural creatures, such as spectres or Garou, can still
affect them when they are Incorporeal, as can enchanted
weapons, magick and similar attacks.

When material (through the Embody Arcanos) or cor-
poreal, wraiths can be damaged by physical attacks, though
they are still immune to Stun damage. Corporeal wraiths are
immune to Stun damage, but can suffer Kill damage "through
the Shroud" (i.e., from objects in the Skinlands that could
cause such damage). A corporeal wraith will lose one (and
only one) Corpus Level from any such attack.

If a wraith can sense the physical world, it can still be
affected by most attacks against those senses, providing that
there is no physical effect involved. For example, a wraith
can see the physical world, so the bright light of a flare
grenade would affect it and it could not see through smoke.
On the other hand, tear gas, which blinds by physically
"touching" the eyes, would not bother a wraith at all.

Wraiths can affect one another as if they were still
living, with the exception that they are still immune to Stun
damage. (Remember that they can still beat each other into
a Harrowing.) Other creatures that exist in the Underworld
— Spectres, the Shadow — can also affect wraiths normally.

The Fog: Humans under the effects of the Fog who have
Willpower of 5 or less lack the discipline and self-control to
use Advanced Combat Maneuvers or Weapon Maneuvers;
see under the Delirium, above.

Shade Powers: The use of Bind requires that the Shade
successfully use a Grapple maneuver or any other Grab
Maneuver.

Arcanoi

Argos

Wraiths can use Argos to great effect in combat, espe-
cially Flicker. Using Flicker should count as a Stunt Card, to
be played in conjunction with another maneuver. The other
maneuver should have its Initiative reduced by 1, to reflect
the wraith reorienting herself. If Flicker is used on its own
(say, to interrupt a maneuver by teleporting to safety), treat
it as having an Initiative of +3.

Embody

An Embodied wraith can, of course, be affected by
normal physical attacks. However, she is still not subject to
Stun damage.

Mortals subjected to Phantom while they are in combat
resist that art at -1 Willpower.

Chapter Four: The Supernatural 85

4

Fatalism

Use of Danger Sense in combat can become tricky, since
a character's perception of danger may alter the entire
outcome of the battle such that the danger never existed!
One way for Storyteller's to handle this is to simply assign the
character +1 Initiative, or +1 Dexterity for purposes of
dodging, for every success on his Perception + Fatalism roll
— inother words, the character's perception of danger allows
him to react to it more quickly and dodge it more nimbly than
he could otherwise. Of course, once you're involved in
combat, you pretty much know you're in danger; Storytellers
might want to allow these bonuses only once.

Inhabit

A wraith can use Claim to take control of a weapon.
Most handheld weapons require only 1-2 successes to Claim;
larger weapons (mounted weapons, vehicular weapons) re-
quire 3-5 successes. Once the weapon is Claimed, the wraith
may use its control over the weapon to aid or hinder the
physical possessor of that weapon — it may increase or
decrease the weapon's Accuracy by one, plus one for every
extra point of Pathos spent for that purpose.

Intimation

Just like Dominate and similar mind-affecting powers,
Intimation can be deadly to use in combat. ("Here, boy, don't
you want this live grenade? Catch!") Making a foe distinctly
not want to hurt you can penalize their Accuracy, Damage or
Initiative Dice Pools (Storyteller's option) by one die for
every two successes rolled.

Keening

A wraith can use Dirge or Ballad to affect mortals who are
in combat; depending on the emotion evoked and the number
of successes achieved, the Storyteller may grant the affected
mortals small bonuses or penalties in combat, make them give
up and run away, inspire them to berserk charges and so forth.

Using Crescendo in combat typically causes the victims
to run away as fast as they can; victims may make a Willpower
roll (difficulty 7) to resist this effect.

Characters who attack opponents paralyzed by Requiem
automatically achieve Initiative and are at +3 Accuracy and
Damage.

Moliate

If a wraith uses Sculpt and Martialry to create extra
limbs, she gains +1 Accuracy with hand-to-hand attacks for
every two new limbs created. However, she does not gain any
extra attacks. Storytellers may also allow wraiths skilled in
Moliate to buy Shapeshift maneuvers.

86 World of Darkness: Combat

Outrage

Leap of Rage: This ability can be used in conjunction
with the Jump maneuver; it allows the wraith to add any
successes on his Leap of Rage roll to the Initiative, Accuracy
or Damage of the maneuver the Jump is used with.

For general notes on using telekinetic powers in combat,
refer to Thaumaturgy: Movement of the Mind/Rego Motus,
above. Wraiths generally need to use Death's Touch to have
sufficient telekinetic strength to achieve noticeable effects
in combat.

Pandemonium

Befuddlement: Those fighting Befuddled opponents
receive a bonus of +2 Initiative and +1 Accuracy against
them. Befuddled persons, in turn, are at -1 Accuracy.

Foul Humour: This ability may be used to achieve some
combat effects, such as making a foe slip on ectoplasmic
slime. The Storyteller determines the exact effects of any
particular use of this power.

Tempus Fugit: For every success achieved on an at-
tempt to speed up time for the wraith or another person, the
being affected gains an extra action in the turn in which he
is affected.

Phantasms: The illusions created by Phantasmagoria
can create a variety of combat effects. The Storyteller deter-
mines the exact effects of any particular use of this power.

Puppetry

This Arcanos can be used in many creative ways in
combat. For example, Sudden Movement can be used to spoil
someone's aim (-1 Accuracy per success achieved) or force
them to move into the path of an attack (-1 success from any
dodging roll per success achieved). Master's Voice can be
used to force someone who is trying to hide to reveal his
position; Rein in the Mind forces a combatant to act as the
wraith wills. Creativity is the order of the day.

Usury

Having one's very essence sucked away by a hungry
Usurer can be decidedly disorienting. As a general rule, for
every two points of Pathos, Corpus or what-have-you that a
victim of Usury loses, her Initiative is reduced by one for her
next turn.


Cantrips

Cantrips are so varied and adaptable that listing
their potential combat effects would require more spa

is available here. Provided below are some guidelines nd.

suggestions for combat uses.

Chicanery |

Fuddle: This cantrip has many combat uses. With Actor, —

itcan make a combatant think his foe is someone else — a great
defensive tacticor way toambush someone. With Nature, it may
be used to make someone confuse different types of weapons or
mistake one foe for another or for an ally. With Prop, it can
interfere with a combatant's ability to use weapons (in essence
temporarily depriving him af his Weapon or Firearm Tech-
niques, making his roll to hit harder). With Scene, it has myriad
possibilities for muddling up a battlefield and giving one side or
the other an advantage of some sort.

Fugue: With Actor, the changeling can make a combat-
ant forget that someone else is his foe (or friend). With Prop,
you can make him forget about which weapons he is carrying
ot knows how to use (similar effects to Fuddle). With Scene,
youcan make him forget what he knows about the battlefield
(so much for that recon mission...).

Haunted Heart: This cantrip can be used to make
another character hostile toward or afraid of weapons, as-
pects of the battlefield and so forth. Forexample, a good way
to keep an enemyaway from yourentrenched position in the
forest is to create in him a fear of trees. Used properly, it may
be possible to drive a vampire or Garou into frenzy with this
cantrip. :

Veiled Eyes: Clever use of this cantrip can help a

changeling set up ambushes, hide weapons from other char-
acters and so forth.

Captive Heart: If you can take control of someone's

mind in combat, you have essentially beaten him. Guidelines
listed above provide modifiers for making a character stand
stock-still. The Storyteller can adjudicate other effects.

Legerdemain

Gimmix and Ensnare: These cantrips allow the change-
ling to move and manipulate objects in combat. See
Thaumaturgy: Movement of the Mind/Rego Motus, above,
for guidelines on using telekinesis in combat. Gimmix with
Prop can be used to operate most weapons.

oy
a but they don't usually have anything nice to say.

Mo you've only got one weapon ari

Effigy and Phantom Shadows: Replacing someone's
working weapon with a nonworking effigy of it is sure to lead
to nasty surprises in combat! So is creating illusions of
objects, extra combatants or obstacles on the battlefield.
Souk: Ths cain tsa youu way co cake bunks our'
someone else's gun (or arrows out of his quiver) and put them
in your own! However, better be sure they're the right
caliber, or you could be the one in for a dangerous surprise.

iow-Whisper: This cantrip can be used to commu-
4 weapons, armor and other artifacts of combat,

‘Qakenshield: This cantrip is an,important consideration if
d to lose it.

for changelings who
The better-built

~Holly-Strike: A pore

know it, as it can be use

can be adjudicated by the Story

Soothsay

Fair Fortune and Boil and Bubble: As has often been
observed, in many cases the difference between a victory and
a defeat is simply a matter of something lucky happening to
kes out..the enemy com-

the victor (a lucky shot tha
mander, for example). Pra
the balance in just about
least three successes a
combat.

Tattletale: One o
surveying a battlefield! §

Fate Fire: This powe a affect a combat
radically. However, since the caster has little control over

er devised for

_ the'effect he creates, it is usually a last-ditch tactic.

Sovereign

Dietum: Has a wide variety of combat uses; see Domi-
nate above for a few ideas.

Grandeur: An affected character will not fight against

the caster of this cantrip.

~ Geasa: Generally a Geasa or Ban may not be laid on
someone during a combat. The Storyteller may allow this in
limited circumstances, however.

Wayfare

Hopscotch: Every success adds +1 Move to any Combat
Maneuver used in conjunction with the Jump maneuver.

Chapter Four: The Supernatural 87


Appendix One:

Hit Locations

In many cases, the area struck on an opponent's body is
dictated by the type of maneuver used: a foot sweep or low
kick is going to hit the legs, a choke hold automatically
targets the neck, disarms strike the hands, and a joint-
breaking maneuver only affects the limbs. However, there
are a wide variety of general-damage maneuvers whose
effects can differ depending on what part of the body they
strike.

In those situations, Storytellers may wish to use the
following hit location system, which is entirely optional. It
adds more realism to combat, but it can also take more time.
Storytellers may use this chart only when a character delib-
erately aims for a particular location, or they may use it with
every attack by rolling randomly to determine which loca-
tion is hit.

The Storyteller should adapt this chart to the nature of
the target. Garou in Lupus form have paws instead of feet and
hands, but the same modifiers and results can apply. For
totally non-humanaid or non-quadrupedal creatures, use the
modifiers for the analogous area of the body (for example,
most creatures have an area of the body that serves the same
functions as a human's head, even if they don't look anything
alike; use Head/Neck modifiers for that area). Wraiths,

having no real vital organs or biological systems, only take
cosmetic damage from having a limb mauled off or their back
snapped. Such mutilations only tend to prove inconvenient.

Hit Location Chart
Location Accuracy Damage Random
Head/Neck +4 l
-l 2-3

Arms/Hands
Chest/Torso 4-7
Vitals

Legs/Feet

Accuracy: The modifier to the maneuver's or weapon's
Accuracy rating. This is based partly on game balance con-
siderations (it should be harder to hit critical areas) and
partly on size considerations (smaller, faster-moving targets
are harder to hit).

Damage: The modifier to the maneuver's or weapon's
Damage rating. Optional damage effects are listed below by
location.

Random: Roll a die: the result shows what area gets hit.

Appendix One: Hit Locations 89

Targeted Damage

Head/Neck: An Injured result to this location means
that the victim is Dazed; if he has been hit in the neck he will
be unable to speak or shout. A Wounded result causes
unconsciousness unless the target makes a Stamina roll
(difficulty 8) or spends a Willpower or Rage point. Mauled
means that the character's neck is broken or he has suffered
massive head trauma; the character is paralyzed for life from
the neck down and/or rendered a vegetable (Garou may
regenerate from this damage, however). Crippled means

death.

Hands/Arms: Any hit to the hands or arms may mean
that the victim drops anything he is holding; he must make
a Stamina roll (difficulty 7) to hold onto any such items. A
Wounded result breaks the limb or otherwise makes it
useless; any items held are automatically dropped. A Crippled
result means that the limb has been severed or so mangled
that amputation will be necessary. Garou may be able to
regenerate this if they can find the severed limb and reattach
it within a few combat turns; the limb cannot be used until
fully healed. (A battle scar always results; see Werewolf,
page 199.)

Chest/Torso: A Wounded result indicates the character
has had the wind knocked out of him and is Dazed. A Mauled
result indicates broken ribs; the character must make a
Willpower roll to act each turn (difficulty 8), will suffer one
Health Level of damage if he does anything strenuous (i-e.,
any physical action requiring a roll for success) and will take
+2 Health Levels of damage if he is hit in the torso with an
unarmed attack or hand-to-hand weapon. If the character
has been attacked from behind and the damage is enough to
Incapacitate or kill him, a broken spine and permanent
paralysis may instead result at the Storyteller's option (Garou
can regenerate this damage).

World of Darkness: Combat

Vitals: An Injured result indicates the character is
Dazed. A Wounded result indicates that the character must
make a Willpower roll to act each turn (difficulty 8), will
suffer one Health Level of damage if he does anything
strenuous (any physical action requiring a roll for success)
and will take +2 Health Levels of damage if he is hit in the
Vitals with an unarmed attack or hand-to-hand weapon. A
Mauled result indicates that the character can take no
further actions on his own until he is helped or healed.

Legs/Feet: A Wounded result means that the limb is
broken and/or useless; the penalties to the Dice Pool apply to
any activity requiring walking or running. A Crippled result
means that the limb has been cut off or blown off and/or that
amputation of the useless limb will be required. Garou may
be able to regenerate this if they can find the severed limb
and reattach it within a few combat turns; the limb cannot

be used until fully healed. (A Bartle Scar will result.)

Additional Locations

The following locations are not included in the general Hit
Location Chart, but may be important for situations where the
characters are trying to attack a particular location.

Extra Targets

Location Accuracy Damage
Heart
Eyes

Heart: This location is primarily important for charac-
ters who are trying to stake vampires.

Eyes: Especially skilled characters may be able to target
an opponent's eyes. A Hurt result indicates the character is
blind for the next turn, an Injured result for the next two
turns. A Wounded result often indicates permanent blind-
ness (Garou can regenerate this damage).


Appendix Two:

Sample
Characters

This Appendix contains four examples of beginning
World of Darkness characters that have been created using
the rules in this book. A sample Werewolf character was
created at the end of Chapter One.

Jason Caliburn

Back in the 1930s, Jason Caliburn was a two-fisted, big-
hearted, hard-drinking, world-traveling explorer. He got
involved in all kinds of escapades, ranging from big game
hunts and archaeological expeditions to attempts to find
"lost civilizations" in South America. Unfortunately for him,
it was during this last expedition, an attempt to locate the
fabled city of El Dorado, that he became separated from his
group and stumbled upon the ruins of an ancient city of some
sort. Convinced that this find would make him famous and
wealthy, he began to look around. That was when he dis-
turbed — Him. Jason's never been sure who "Him" is, just
that he's a vampire, possibly one of great age.

Him Embraced Jason and then turned him loose on the
world. Jason was forced to consume the blood of the members
of his expedition in order to survive long enough to make it
back to Rio. After that he slowly worked his way to Europe

on tramp steamers. He has continually striven to live by his
old ideal, and has limited himself to drinking the blood of
people he considers "bad" — Nazis, Communists, criminals,
that sort. His experience in the jungles of Brazil has changed
him, and he is growing increasingly cynical about the "hu-
man" condition. However, his will is so strong that even now
he holds himself to a stringent code of honor. After nearly 60
years' vampiric existence, he has no illusions about how
noble humanity really is, but he refuses to let this be an
excuse to go easy on himself.

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Gallant

Clan: Gangrel

Embrace: 1936

Apparent Age: 33

Generation: [0th

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimi-
dation 1, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 1

Appendix Two: Sample Characters 91

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 1, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Stealth
1

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 1, Medicine 1,
Occult 1, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Generation 3, Resources 3

Disciplines: Protean 2, Fortitude 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity: 9

Willpower: 7

Blood Pool: 13

Style: None

Sasic Maneuvers (Yree}: Grapple, Quick Strike, Heavy
Strike, Quick Kick, Heavy Kick, Block, Sprint, Bite, Claw
Rake, Claw Slash

Athletics: Jump, Kippup

Brawl: Disarm, Haymaker, Choke Hold

Dodge: Kick Defense, Punch Defense, Displacement, Eva-
sion (one Power Point unspent)

Melee: Bash, Great Blow, Parry, Riposte, Thrust

Weapon Techniques: Blades, Blunt Weapons, Thrown
Blades

Firearm Techniques: Handguns, Rifles, Submachine Guns

Image: A handsome man in his early 30s, with about a
day's growth of beard, a dark trenchcoat and a fedora —
something like a character from a Humphrey Bogart movie.

Roleplaying Hints: Pretend to be virtuous and honor-
able, even though you're not. Let your cynicism and
world-weariness slip through on occasion. Show off what you
know.

Quote: Heroism? Just the infant mind's belief that bright
lights keep the darkness at bay.

World of Darkness: Combat

Summerset Phoenix

Summerset Phoenix, born Summerset Brooks, is the
daughter of a European father and a Chinese mother. Her
father, a British diplomat, took his family many places as part
of his career, but mainly he was posted to Hong Kong. There
Summerset grew up roaming the streets, fighting and getting
into trouble — a source of embarrassment and bemusement
to her parents, who nonetheless loved her dearly.

When she turned 13, she began to experience unusual
dreams, ones that were horrifying yet sometimes mildly
prophetic. The family's gardener, an elderly Chinese man
and a friend of Summerset's, found out about this and
informed the Old Man, an ancient Chinese gentleman
skilled in the martial arts and, some said, sorcery. The Old
Man investigated the situation and discovered that
Summerset was a potential mage. The Old Man sat down and
discussed this with Summerset (who was intrigued by the
possibilities) and then with her parents (who were only told
that her dreams and her rowdiness could be cured by the Old
Man). Eventually, after careful persuasion on the Old Man's
part, they let him take Summerset away. He took her to an
ancient mountain temple, the chantry of a large group of
Akashic Brothers, who took her in and began her training.
She changed her surname to "Phoenix" in recognition of her
new life.

After many years of training, Summerset has been in-
structed by the elders of the temple to leave its confines,
venture out into the world and combat the shadow of the
Technocracy. It is a duty she undertakes gladly; both her
parents' example and the teachings of her masters have
instructed her that self-sacrifice in the cause of justice and
wenuuth wis the wmast nahle thing af all Quaaawly lignans
flirtatious, happy and devil-may-care, inside she is deeply
determined to make the world a better place.


Tradition: Akashic Brotherhood

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Bravo

Essence: Questing

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Dodge 3, Intuition 2

Skills: Do 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Meditation 3, Melee 3,
Research 1, Stealth 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Culture 2, Enigmas 2, Occult 1
Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Destiny 3

Spheres: Forces 1, Life 1, Mind 2, Matter |
Willpower: 7

Arete: 3

Quintessence: 11

Paradox: 0

Style: Do

Basic Maneuvers (free): Grapple, Quick Strike, Heavy
Strike, Quick Kick, Heavy Kick, Block, Sprint
Athletics: Jump, Breakfall, Kippup (1 point unspent)
Brawl: Foot Sweep, Spinning Thrust Kick, Throw

Do: None (Do Maneuvers cannot be purchased until a
character has at least 3 dots in Do).

Dodge: Kick Defense, Punch Defense, Weapon Block (1
point unspent)
Melee: Dazing Blow, Great Blow, Slash, Thrust
Weapon Techniques: Blades, Flexible Weapons, Staff
Firearm Techniques: Handguns, Shotguns

Image: Summerset is a slender woman, probably in her
late 20s, with a mix of Chinese and European features that
gives her an unearthly beauty. Her jet-black hair is allowed
to cascade down her back, unhampered by ribbons or hair-

pins. Most of the time she tends to dress "elegant casual" (i-e.,
in very nice but not necessarily "dress-up" clothes).

Roleplaying Hints: Put on a big show about knowing
exactly what's going on and how to deal with it. However, at
the same time, frequently display your sense of humor and
have fun flirting. You're a picture of utter confidence without
mind-numbing solemnity. But keep an eye open for opportu-
nities to fight the Technomancers and make the world a
better place; you haven't been given the gifts you've received
just so you could waste them.

Quote: C' mere, honey, I've got something! want to show you...

Kevin Yee

Kevin Yee was going places. Only 28, he had already
won two national kung fu championships, established a
kwoon in the city where he was teaching many students,
married and had two children. However, his honorable

nature prevented him from paying "protection money" to the
tongs, and when they found our that Kevin was going to
wreck their plan to rig a citywide martial arts tournament,
they killed him in a hit-and-run "accident." The police
suspect that Kevin was murdered, but they have no leads and
expect that they will never bring the killers to justice. Kevin
has his own plans in that respect. He also plans to keep the
tongs away from his family and his school.

Cause of Death: Hit-and-run "accident"

Year of Death: 1994

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Critic

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Expression 2, Intimi-
dation 2

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Leadership 2, Medi-
tation 2, Melee 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 1, Linguistics L,
Politics 1, Science 1

Arcanoi: Embody 2, Outrage 2, [Inhabit {

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 7

Backgrounds: Eidolon 2, Haunt 2, Memoriam 2, Status |
Angst: 4

Shadow: Monster

Thorns: Spectre Prestige, Dark Allies

Shadow Passions: Tear apart any who dishonor you (Rage) 3,
Torture ineptstudents (Cruelty) 2, Spit on the Way (Rebellion)
Style: Kung Fu

Appendix Two: Sample Characters 93

Basic Maneuvers (free): Grapple, Quick Strike, Heavy
Strike, Quick Kick, Heavy Kick, Block, Sprint

Athletics: Jump, Drunken Monkey Roll, Kippup (2 Power
Points unspent)

Brawl: Flying Kick, Foot Sweep, Throw

Dodge: Deflecting Punch, Kick Defense, Punch Defense,
Evasion

Melee: Bash, Dazing Blow, Great Blow, Parry, Thrust
Weapon Techniques: Blades, Polearms, Staff
Firearm Techniques: Handguns, Shotguns

Image: A young, tough, yet kindly Chinese man, seem-
ing to be about 28 years old. He is athletically muscular and
usually wears a kung fu practitioner's uniform or occasionally
a karate gi.

Roleplaying Tips: Spout inscrutable Chinese sayings
occasionally (just to mystify people). Teach any honorable
students who wish to learn kung fu. Conduct yourself with
wisdom, honor and piety.

Passions: Protect his family (Love) 4, Protect his school
and students (Love) 3, Bring grief to his enemies (Ven-
geance) 3

Quote: Even in death, the Way must be followed. Life and
death are both cycles.

Count Artimous ap

Gwareth

Gallant and unflinching, the Count has spent his life
attached to the court of his lord. He is unfailingly loyal and
will do whatever his lord asks of him. Time not spent serving
his lord is spent practicing fencing, chasing women and
fighting duels of honor. He is known for his sharp blade, keen
eye and quick wit.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin/Peacock

House: Fiona

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 1, Kenning 2
Skills: Crafts 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 2, Melee 5, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Mythlore 2, Occult 2

Arts: Primal 1, Sovereign 1, Wayfare 1

Realms: Nature 3, Scene 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Dreamers 1, Holdings 2, Title 4,
Resources 1

World of Darkness: Combat

Glamour: 4

Willpower: 5

Banality: 3

Style: Fencing

Basic Maneuvers (free): Grapple, Quick Strike, Heavy
Strike, Quick Kick, Heavy Kick, Block, Sprint

Actevicss sump (4 poinr unspent

Brawl: Haymaker, Head Butt, Foot Sweep

Dodge: Displacement, Evasion {1 point unspent)

Melee: Disarm, Fleche, Great Blow, Parry, Riposte, Slash
Weapon Techniques: Blades, Staff, Bows, Crossbows,
Thrown Blades

Firearm Techniques: Archaic Firearms, Handguns, Rifles

Image: Anextremely handsome, extremely well-dressed
noble sidhe, the Count favors clothing that looks like it's
straight out of a "Three Musketeers" movie: white shirt with
ruffled front and French cuffs, black vest, boots and cape, and
colorful pants. He wears his fencing rapier whenever possible
and usually carries a main-gauche (fencing dagger) and a
flintlock pistol as well.

Roleplaying Hints: Nobility, honor, courage, valor,
chivalry — these words define your life. Embody these
virtues when dealing with other good folk; deal with bad folk
with your blade. Brook no insults to yourself or your lord. You
are a knight riding errant through a world filled with both
beauty and danger; pursue both of them and treat them
appropriately. Buckle your swashes as much as possible.

Quote: As my lord commands.


Appendix
Three:

Weapons and
Firearms

The use of weapons in the Storyteller system is governed
by the Melee Skill and the Brawling rules. The rules dis-
cussed here supplement and, in some instances, replace those
rules.

Weapons Use

You should not have a favorite weapon. To become over-
familiar with one weapon is as much a fault as not knowing it
sufficiently well.

— Miyamoto Musashi, Go Rin No Sho ("A Book of Five
Rings")

Characters learn to use weapons by purchasing the
Melee Skill. A character's Melee is combined with one of his
attributes, usually Dexterity, to create a Dice Pool with
which to attack, parry and attempt other combat maneuvers.

For each dot that a character has in Melee, he may
choose to be familiar with two of the following classes of
weapons. The ability to use one of these classes is referred to
as a Technique in that class. lf the character attempts to use
a weapon for which he does not know the Technique, then
the difficulty of the roll is increased by 2. (One exception:
there is no penalty for the Fist-Loads group; any character
with Melee is assumed to know this Technique for "free." At
the Storyteller's discretion, characters also know how to use
simple clubs and sticks for free.)

Storytellers running historical chronicles (such as the
world of Vampire: The Dark Ages) and those desiring a bit
more accuracy should probably require players to buy tech-
niques in ranged weapons using Power Points from the
Archery Skill. The conversion should be simple enough to
make.

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms 95

Weapon Techniques

Handheld Weapons

Class Difficulty
Axes & Picks 6

Examples
Axe, battle pick, kama

Blades Swords, daggers, hook swords, katar, klaives

Blunt Weapons
Fist-Loads
Flexible Weapons

Clubs, sticks, maces, hammers, sai, tonfa, saps
Brass knuckles, yawara, bagh nakh, cestus
Morningstar, nunchaku, chain, three-section staff, manriki-gusari,

kusarigama, whip, garrote, nets
Polearms Spear, glaive, halberd, guisarme, naginata

Staff Quarterstaff, bo

Ranged Weapons

Class Difficulty
Blowgun 6

Examples
Blowguns, fukimi-bari

Bows Longbow, hankyu, yumi

Crossbow

Crossbow, chu-ko-nu

Javelin Javelin, thrown spear
Slings Sling, staff-sling, slingshot

Thrown Blades
Thrown Weapons

Handheld Weapons

Techniques

* Axes & Picks: This category includes weapons with
a shaft and a blade set at a 90-degree angle to the shaft, rather
than projecting straight like a spear. Examples include the
battle axe (a common weapon found all over the world),
hatchets, battle picks, and the Japanese kama.

¢ Blades: Perhaps the most common (and popular) cat-
egory of weapons. It includes the long sword, broad sword,
bastard sword, Japanese katana, Chinese darn dao and jien,
Scottish claymore, Roman gladius and thousands of other swords,
daggers, knives and related weapons. Most of them are used to
slash or stab; a few, such as the Indian katar, are used to puncture
the opponent by punching or jabbing him. This latter category
also includes the klaives used by the Garou.

¢ Blunt Weapons: Mankind's earliest weapons were
sticks, and in many ways, it's hard to improve on so basic a
weapon. This broad category of weapons that do damage by
smashing and crushing tissue includes clubs, escrima sticks,
maces, war hammers, the Japanese sai and tonfa, and the like.

¢ Fist-Loads: In essence these weapons are fist-size
versions of blunt weapons, used to improve the force of a
punch. They include the infamous "brass knuckles," the
Japanese yawara, Roman cesti and a roll of quarters held in
the fist.

World of Darkness: Combat

Throwing knives, shuriken, throwing hatchets
Thrown swords, thrown clubs

© Flexible Weapons: This is one of the most difficult
Techniques to learn, but one of the most versatile as well. ft
covers weapons that are flexible, typically because they
involve a rope, chain, leather braid or similar device. The
weapons are either swung so that the centrifugal force gen-
erates a tremendous impact, or they are used to grab, strangle,
and throttle an opponent. Examples include the Japanese
nunchaku and manriki-gusari, the morningstar, the three-
section staff, the garrote and the whip.

If a character with this Technique knows any Grab
Maneuvers, he may use the chain or rope part of the weapon
to assist with the grab — they are considered to add +1 to the
fighter's Strength for purposes of maintaining the grab.

® Polearms: These are weapons consisting ofa long wooden
shaft topped by a blade of some sort. They are intended primarily
for use in formation or from horseback; when used in single
combat, it is often easy for an opponent to get "inside" the blade
and attack the wielder with relative ease. Examples include the
spear, glaive, guisarme, halberd, fouchard, the Japanese naginata
and yari and the Chinese kwan dao.

In the Storyteller system, if a polearm is used in a
situation where an opponent is able to get "inside" (i-e., past)
the blade, then the difficulty of the wielder's rolls is thereaf-
ter increased by 3. Of course, the wielder can simply move
backwards and attempt to get the opponent "outside" the
blade again, thereby removing this penalty.


In many instances, a polearm's shaft can also be used as
a weapon, just like a staff would be used. However, in order
to do this, a character must know the Staff Technique;
Polearms does not impart this knowledge. "Inside" penalties
do not apply to a polearm shaft being used in this fashion.

Most polearms require two hands to use.

¢ Staff: This Technique covers weapons such as the
quarterstaff and the Japanese bo. [In a pinch, any straight,
sturdy stick between five and seven feet should do.

Ranged Weapon
Techniques

¢ Blowguns: These weapons consist of a long, narrow
tube into which the wielder blows to propel a small dart
toward the target. These darts are usually poisoned. This
category also includes fukimi-bari — small darts blown di-
rectly from the mouth (a ninja favorite).

¢ Bows: A weapon consisting of a flexible wooden shaft
whose ends are connected by a string; the string is drawn back
and released, propelling a missile — an arrow — with
tremendous force. Bows are used by practically every culture
in the world and come in many different varieties.

* Crossbows: A bow attached horizontally toa stock so
that it can be carried while loaded without significant effort.
It can propel its missiles, known as bolts or quarrels, with
greater force and range than a bow. Crossbows were primarily
used in Europe, though the Chinese and some other cultures
also developed them (the Chinese even created a repeating
crossbow, the chu-ko-nu).

© Javelin: This class includes all types of throwing spears
and similar weapons. Characters who know the Polearms
Technique may throw their spears, but at +1 to the difficulty.

¢ Slings: Weapons consisting of two cords attached to
a small pouch. A sling bullet, usually made of stone or lead,
is placed in the pouch, and the weapon is then swung
vigorously. At the right moment, one of the cords is released,
allowing the bullet to be thrown with great force. Variants
include the fustibal or staff-sling (a sling attached to a staff,
for greater swinging power) and the slingshot (a modern
variant incorporating elastic bands and a handle).

* Thrown Blades: Throwing daggers, Japanese shuriken
(throwing stars), darts and other small bladed weapons
designed to be thrown. These weapons are sometimes poi-
soned. This Technique is also used for certain blunt throwing
weapons, such as boomerangs.

¢ Thrown Weapons: The Technique of throwing weap-
ons not normally designed to be thrown, such as swords, clubs
and battle axes. Weapons may be thrown up to eight hexes
if large (swords, axes) and 12 hexes if small (chains, knives).

Of course, these weapon classes are somewhat subjec-
tive; they are simply an attempt to group weapons into
reasonably similar types. They are also incomplete; a listing
of all the world's weapons is beyond the scope of this book.
Storytellers should feel free to rearrange these classes or
create others as they see fit.

For example, Ethan decides that he wants to play a
redcap in an upcoming Changeling chronicle. Since redcaps
enjoy terrifying humans, he decides to use a weapon that
really strikes fear into the hearts of men: a chainsaw! He
consults Appendix Three of this book and is horrified to find
out that the author had the audacity not to include a
"Chainsaw" Weapon Technique. After he discusses this
shocking breach of authorial standards with his Storyteller,
Jan, the two of them decide that the best thing to do would
be to create a "Power Tools" Weapon Technique.

Attacking with Weapons

Hitting an opponent with a weapon is a reasonably
simple process. The difficulty to strike an opponent is listed
in the Weapon Techniques table, above. The Dice Pool is
calculated as follows:

Dexterity + Melee + weapon and/or maneuver Accuracy
modifiers (if any) - Health Level penalties (ifany) = Dice Pool.

Simple enough, really, once you get used to it.

Weapons Damage

Weapon damage is, of course, Strength + any weapon or
maneuver modifiers. Storytellers may allow characters to add
their Melee Skill to this Dice Pool, but as we cautioned
before, this will make the game system unbelievably lethal
unless the opponent's Stamina is likewise subtracted.

The difficulty is 6.

It is important to note that weapons only do Kill damage
— even blunt weapons such as clubs. The purpose of a
weapon is to do grievous injury to an opponent, not to give
him a love-tap. Even the simplest stick or club is much
tougher than the typical fist —they can break bones with
ease in many cases. And, of course, it almost goes without
saying how deadly edged weapons are. Ifa character wants to
do Stun damage with a weapon, he needs to know the Dazing
Blow maneuver (see chart on next page).

Notes

Range: The number listed is the weapon's medium
range in yards. There is no modifier for using the weapon at
this range. The weapon's maximum range is twice the num-
ber listed. Shots within that range have their difficulties
increased by one. Shots made at targets within a yard of the
fighter are considered "point-blank"; the difficult for point-
blank shots is 4.

Reach: The length of a weapon. The weapon essentially
extends the fighter's reach that far, allowing him to use a hand-
to-hand weapon against a target not standing next to him.

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms 97

Hand-to-Hand

Weapon
Bagh Nakh
Balisong
Baton
Battle Axe
Battle Pick
Bayonet

Bokken

Brass Knuckles

Bundi (Katar)
Cestus

Chain
Cinqueda
Club
Dagger
Flail

Garrote

Hand Axe
Kama
Kris

Kusari
Kusarigama

Lance

Mace
Manriki-gusari
Morningstar
Naginata
Nunchaku
Polearm
Power Tools
Chainsaw

Origin
India
Phillipines
Various
Various
Various
Various
Japan
Various

India

Various

Various
Europe
Various
Various
Europe
Various
Various
Japan
Indonesia
Japan

Japan
Various

Various
Japan
Europe
Japan
Japan
Various

Various

Industrial Drill Various

Jackhammer

Sai

Shikomi-zue
Spear

Staff

World of Darkness: Combat

Various
Japan

Japan
Various

Various

Weapons

Technique
Fist-Loads
Blades

Blunt Weapons
Axes & Picks

Axes & Picks
Blades

Blades
Fist-Loads
Blades

Fist-Loads

Flexible
Blades

Blunt Weapons
Blades

Flexible
Flexible

Axes & Picks
Axes & Picks

Blades
Flexible

Flexible

Polearms

Blunt Weapons
Flexible
Flexible

Polearms

Flexible

Polearms

Power Tools

Power Tools
Power Tools

Blunt Weapons

Staff+
Polearms

Staff

M_ Conceal

—

Reach: 1 hex

Can add to Punches;
+1 toSoak with Block

Canaddto Punches;
+] toSoak with Block

Reach: 2 hexes

See text
2H; see text

Reach: 3 hexes; +1
die to Disarm; 2H

Reach: 3 hexes; +1
die to Disarm; 2H

Reach: 3 hexes;

see text

Reach: 2 hexes; 2H

See text
Reach: 3 hexes; 2H

Reach: 3 hexes; 2H

+1 toSoakif Blocking,

+1 die to Disarm
See text

Range: 20 yards;
reach: 2 hexes

2H, reach: 1 hex


Weapon Origin
Stake Various
Steel Whip China

Stiletto European
Switchblade Various
Sword
Bastard Sword Various
Broadsword) "Various
Butterfly Sword China
Falchion Europe
Hook Sword China
Katana Japan
Long Sword Various
Ninja-to Japan
Rapier Europe
Scimitar Various
Short Sword Various
Two-Handed Various
Sword
Urumi India
Wakizashi Japan
Three-Section China
Staff

Tonfa Japan
Trident Various

War Hammer. —_ Various
Whip Various

Technique

Fist-Loads
Flexible

Blades
Blades

Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades
Blades

Blades
Blades
Flexible

Blunt Weapons

Polearms

Blunct Weapons
Flexible

‘Ranged Weapons
Technique

Blowgun
Thrown Blades

Weapon Origin
Blowgun Various
Boomerang Australia
Bows

Long Bow Various

Short Bow... .. Various

Crossbow Various
Fukimi-bari Japan
Javelin Various
Shuriken Japan
Sling

Hand Various

Staff Various
Throwing Axe. Various
Throwing Knife Various
War Dart Various

Bows
Bows
Crossbows

Blowgun
Javelin

Thrown Blades

Slings +]
Slings +0
Thrown Weapons

Thrown Blades +1
Thrown Blades . +0

M_ Conceal
+0 T
+0 J

7

ee ee ee

445

M_ Conceal
None J
+0

Notes

Reach: 2 hexes; +2

dice to Disarm
See text

+2 dice with Disarm

See text

2H

See text

+2 dice with Disarm;
+1 to Soak Block

+1 toSoak with Block
Reach: 1 hex

Reach: Shexes; +2dice

to Disarm; see text

220 -
: 40

: 150; 2H
: 100; 2H
: 200; 2H
25

: 40

: 20; see text

+10
212

:20

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms 99


2H: These weapons require two hands to use
properly. (The Storyteller may allow exceptions, such
as Crinos-form Garou using a two-handed sword in
one paw, but these should only be per-
mitted if they make sense. It's practically
impossible to use a bow with one hand, for
example.)

Weapon
Descriptions

scriptions of the weapons listed in
the table above. Although there are
literally thousands of different types
of weapons that have been used all
over the world, there is only so muc
differentiation that can be expressed be-
tween them using the rules of the Storyteller
System (or any other game system). Therefore,
each weapon's statistics can often be used for many
other weapons, which will be listed in the description; in that
sense, think of many of the entries in the table as "generic."
If you don't see your favorite weapon described somewhere in
this book, feel free to write it up yourself, using the entries in
the table as a guide.

Hand-to-Hand Weapons

Bagh Nakh: Also known simply as "tiget's claws," this
weapon consists of a crossbar held in the palm of the hand,
with long, sharp "claws" that protrude from between the
user's fingers. It can also take the form of brass knuckles with
spikes on top.

This weapon's statistics can also be used for the shuko, a
ninja weapon consisting of metal plate that wraps around the
palm and has spikes protruding out of the palm area. In addition
to being weapons, shuko were used by ninja as climbing tools;
wearing a shuko reduces the difficulty of any climbing attempt
by 1 (or 2, if one is worn on each hand). However, wearing a
shuko prevents the character from using that hand to grasp
anything that he doesn't want to puncture.

Balisong: A Filipino folding knife with a 6" blade.
When closed, the two metal handles fit around the blade,
making it easy to hide the weapon in a pocket or up a sleeve.
A trained user can flip the weapon around in an impressive
display when opening it; this may aid Intimidation rolls. The
balisong is popularly known as a "butterfly knife."

Baton: This is any simple club, such as a policeman's
nightstick, the escrima sticks used in many Filipino fighting
styles or the Japanese hanbo or jo sticks.

Battle Axe: Any of dozens of varieties of axes used for
combat. They are often used two-handed, but one-handed
versions are available.

Battle Pick: A piercing weapon resem-
bling a dagger set at a 90-degree angle to a
shaft. It is sometimes known asa "crowbill."

Bayonet: A blade designed to be af-
fixed to the front ofa rifle. It has a Reach
of one hex when attached to a rifle.

Bokken: A wooden club in the
shape of a katana, used by Japanese
swordsmen in training. However,
the bokken itself can be a deadly
weapon in the hands of someone
with training.
This weapon's statistics
can also be used for the shinai, a
"sword" made of bamboo strips that is
used in the sport of kendo.

Brass Knuckles: Four thick metal rings at-
tached toa metal bar or handle of some sort, designed to
be worn around the fingers of a fist so as to increase punching
power. If used on its own, use the damage listed; if used with
a Punch Maneuver, add +1 to the maneuver's damage, which
becomes Kill damage.

Bundi: Also known as a katar, this Indian weapon is a
broad, triangular knife blade attached toa crossbar handle, so
that the blade protrudes from the wielder's fist. It inflicts
wide, deep wounds. Because its hilt makes it helpful when
blocking weapons, it adds +1 to soak when used to block.

Cestus: A heavy gauntlet with spikes or knobs project-
ing from it at all angles. In game terms, it works the same as
brass knuckles.

Chain: Just what it says. It has a reach of 2 hexes. Like
brass knuckles, it is a favored weapon of thugs, punks and
other street scum.

Cinqueda: A broad fighting dagger; the name means it
is "five fingers" broad.

Club: Any of thousands of different smashing weapons
used the world over, from the caveman's thick stick to the
Indian gada or Zulu knobkerrie. In some cases spikes are added
to a club, increasing its damage by 1.

Dagger: Use these statistics for most short fighting blades (6-
20 inches). At the Storyteller's discretion, longer, larger daggers
may be the equivalent of a short sword in terms of damage.

Flail: A wooden or metal shaft with two or more spiked
balls attached to it by chains. This makes it very difficult to
block an attack by a flail. Ifa Block Maneuver is used against
one, it gets -1 on the amount it adds to the opponent's
Stamina for purposes of soaking damage, and the blocking
character does not get a +2 Initiative bonus the next round.

Garotte: This is anything used to strangle someone from
behind. Most garottes are simply lengths of rope or cloth.
Once successfully used, it is considered a Sustained Hold. If
the target takes five or more Health Levels of damage from

100 World of Darkness: Combat


the initial attack, he is considered to be choking. This means
that he cannot speak or cry out and cannot soak the damage
from the garrote on subsequent turns in the hold!

The initial damage from a garorte is Stun damage. After
the victim falls unconscious, he will take Kill damage if the
hold is maintained. However, there are wire garottes that do
Kill damage initially, instead of Stun; they usually end up
nearly decapitating the victim.

When used in conjunction with the Choke Hold ma-
neuver, a Garotte adds +2 to Damage.

Hand Axe: An axe smaller than the battle axe, used
one-handed.

Kama: A Japanese battle pick or sickle.

Kris: A long, wavy-bladed dagger from Indonesia that
cuts easily and deeply. Kris are surrounded by lore and
mysticism; masters of the weapon are said to be able to wield
magical powers as well! The kris is the traditional weapon of
the Pentjak-Silat fighting style.

Kusari: A Japanese chain weapon, comprising a chain
about 12 feet long with a weight on one end and a metal ring on
the other. It can be used like a typical chain weapon (requiring
two hands to use properly), or it can be thrown (usually with the
intention of entangling a target's legs and making him fall). If
used with a Disarm maneuver, it adds +1 die.

Kusarigama: Similar to a Kusari, but it has a kama on
one end instead of a metal ring.

Lance: A horseman's polearm — essentially a big, thick
spear. Ir is too heavy and long to use in normal combat; it can

only used for charges on horseback (or, presumably, on a
motorcycle or while standing in the sunroof ofa sportscar! ).

Mace: A metal club with flanges at the top,
designed to crack through
armor better than asword.
Sometimes there is a
spiked ball in place of the
flanges.

Manriki-gusari: A 3-
foot chain with a metal
weight at either end. Similar to
a kusari in many respects, but
notas useful for disarming foes.

Morningstar: A shaft
with a spiked metal ball con-
nected to it by a chain. Works
just like a flail with respect to blocks.

Naginata: A Japanese polearm; its use
is frequently taught to female warriors.

Nunchaku: Two short (12-14") wooden rods,
connected by a 1-5" rope or chain. In the hands of a
trained user, these weapons can be whirled around until
they build up enough force to deliver lethal blows. They are
often used in pairs, one in each hand.

Polearm: Use these statistics for any of a wide variety of
weapons consisting of a long shaft with a blade or tine at the
end, European examples include the awl pike, bardiche, bec
de corbin, bill, fauchard, glaive, guisarme, halberd, Lucern
hammer, military fork, partisan, ranseur and voulge; Asian
examples include the chai-dao, dai dao, ghi, ngow, nine-dragon
trident, tai dao, kwan dao and tiger fork.

Power Tools: In modern-day campaigns, characters
sometimes want to use some unusual objects as weapons.
Three such objects —chainsaws, big industrial drills and
jackhammers — are included under this heading. There are
no existing schools that teach Weapon Techniques with
these beasts (thank goodness! ), but Storytellers can certainly
allow their players to devise a new technique if they feel it
necessary. These objects tend to be big, heavy and clumsy to
use or move — but they do a lot of damage and scare the hell
out of most opponents.

Sai: A Japanese truncheon consisting of a thick metal
tine with two broad, hiltlike prongs extending from the
handle. It is not sharpened; rather, it is a smashing weapon,
like a baton. It aids in blocking (+1 to soak) and in disarming
(+1 die).

This weapon's statistics can also be used for the jutte
(which has only one prong), the nunte (which has one prong
reversed) and the Indonesian tjabang.

Shikomi-zue: A special type of staff used by the ninja. It
is hollow, with either a spear-blade or a chain hidden inside.
When activated, the concealed weapon is released, usually
surprising the ninja's opponent enough for the ninja to injure
him. The fighter must know the Polearm or Flexible Weap-
ons Techniques to use the concealed weapon properly.

Spear: Similar to the polearm, this weapon is cssen-
tially a shaft with a dagger attached to the end. It has a
2-hex reach. It can be used hand-to-hand or can be
thrown (at +1 to the difficulty if the wielder does
not know the Javelin Technique).

Staff: A wooden shaft, usually 4-6' long,
wielded with two hands. It is a common weapon
We across the world (the most popular versions are

the European quarterstaff and the Japanese bo)
and is often the first weapon taught to martial
arts students. It has a Reach of one hex.

Stake: The classic sharpened wooden stick
used against vampires.
Steel Whip: Also known as a chain whip,
this weapon is like a standard whip, except that
it is made out of linked steel rods about 2" long
each. It sometimes has a small slashing blade at
the tip.
Stiletto: A slim steel dagger designed to
punch through armor easily. For the most
part, astilecto is really just a glorified icepick,

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms 101

but it does what it's meant to do very well. Reduce the Armor
Rating of any armor an opponent is wearing by half if he is
attacked with a stiletto.

Switchblade: A short folding knife with a blade that springs
open when a button is pushed. A common street weapon.

Sword, Bastard Sword: A "hand-and-a-half' sword
popular with some medieval warriors. It can be used one-
handed or two-handed; if used one-handed, use the damage
statistics for the longsword.

Sword, Broadsword: Any of a wide variety of one-
edged, often slightly curved, swords used around the world.
Examples include the Chinese darn dao, various Western
military sabers and similar weapons.

Sword, Butterfly Sword: A short, single-edged chopping
blade used by some Kung Fu practitioners. Often used in pairs.

Sword, Falchion: A short, heavy sword, with an out-
ward-curving edge, good for chopping or heavy thrusting.

Sword, Hook Sword: A Kung Fu weapon consisting of
arod or blade that curves into a large, sharpened hook at the
tip, with an axelike blade set parallel to the hilt of the sword.
They are usually used in pairs, and make it easy to disarm a
foe (+2 Accuracy) or sometimes to trip one.

Sword, Katana: The Japanese "samurai sword," slightly
curved with a single edged. Typically it is used two-handed,
but can be wielded one-handed as well. As with the kris,
there is an extensive body of lore and craftsmanship associ-
ated with the katana.

Sword, Long Sword: Any one of the hundreds of
different types of straight, double-edged swords found through-
out the world. Examples include the Chinese jien and dozens
of different kinds of European swords.

Sword, Ninja-to: The sword of the ninja — a straight,
single-edged weapon, used as much as a tool as a weapon. It
can be used to assist in climbing (reduce climbing difficulty
by 1), for digging and for similar jobs. The scabbard is longer
than the sword and is often used to conceal messages,
blinding powder or other weapons. There is a cord wrapped
around the scabbard that has many different uses.

Rapier: A slim, light sword, used primarily for fencing.
It is almost exclusively a thrusting weapon, rather than a
slashing weapon. This weapon's statistics can also be used for
other fencing swords, such as the epee, foil and fencing saber.

If the rapier comes equipped with a hilt guard, to protect
the wielder's hand, it adds +1 to soak if used to block.

Sword, Scimitar: A slender, curved, single-edged sword
developed in Arabia. Use this weapon's statistics for similar
weapons (such as the Persian shamshir and the Indian tulwar and
khanda) and for other slender swords that curve frontward (such as
the Ethiopian shotel, the Egyptian khopesh and some Indian swords).

102 World of Darkness: Combat

Sword, Short Sword: Use these statistics for a wide
variety of shorter, straight, two-edged swords, including the
Roman gladius and some Celtic swords.

Sword, Two-Handed Sword: A large, straight, double-
edged sword that must be wielded with two hands. Examples
include the Scottish claymore and a variety of German swords.

Sword, Urumi: The Indian "whip-sword," consisting of
two to four edged steel "ribbons" attached to a sword-hilt.
When used in combat, the fighter can make one damage test
for each blade the sword has; however, if he botches, he
injures himself with that blade!

Sword, Wakizashi: A curved, single-edged Japanese
short sword, usually paired with the Katana.

Three-Section Staff: A Chinese weapon consisting of
three 18-20" rods connected by short links of chain. It can be
used like a flail for longer strikes (it has a reach of 2 hexes) or
folded up like a baton for closer combat. In the hands of a
skilled user, it makes it easy to disarm (+2 Accuracy) an
opponent or to block (+1 to soak) his attacks.

Tonfa: A Japanese clublike weapon, consisting of a
baton with a handle set perpendicularly to it about 1/3 down
from the top. This makes it easy to use the weapon to punch
or to block (+1 soak). A policeman's nightstick is a close
cousin — practically identical.

Trident: A shost, spearlike weapon with three pointed
tines used for stabbing. It has a reach of 1 hex.

War Hammer: A refined form of club, with a metal
hammer head attached to a wooden shaft. Usually a pick-
blade was set on the opposite side.

Whip: The typical 18'-long leather bullwhip, commonly
used by lion tamers, pulp heroes, torturers and slave drivers. It
can be a very versatile weapon, allowing a skilled user to attack
a foe up to 5 hexes away. It can also be used to disarm (+2
Accuracy); at the Storyteller's discretion, it may be wrapped
around an opponent's feet and used to yank them out from under
him (roll Dexterity + Melee, difficulty 7, to accomplish this;
opponent resists by rolling Dexterity). However, the whip
cannot do damage to flesh that is protected by armor.

Ranged Weapons

Blowgun: A wooden or metal tube through which darts are
firedat an opponent by using the fighter's breath to propel them.
Some ninja use a small, concealable blowgun called a fukiya.

Boomerang: An aerodynamically shaped wooden throw-
ing club developed by the aborigines of Australia (some other
cultures created similar weapons). If the boomerang misses its
target, it will return to the hand of its thrower (provided that the
thrower has not moved before then, since the boomerang
returns to the spot from which it was thrown). A character may
take other actions in the turn in which he catches his boomer-
ang (including throwing the boomerang again).


Bow, Long: Any of the larger bows used around the
world, such as the English yeoman's yew-wood longbow or
the Japanese daikyu or yumi.

Players should note that the damage a bow does depends
as much on the arrow as the strength of the bow. Ifa character
uses larger or broader arrowheads, such as the Japanese "frog-
crotch" arrowhead, he may get +1 damage.

Bow, Short: Any of the smaller bows used around the
world, such as the Japanese hankyu. Short bows are often
composite (made of more than one material, for strength and
flexibility, or made with special profiles (curved, recurved,
four-curved and so on) to improve their power.

Crossbow: A bow set horizontally on a stock, making it
possible to carry it loaded and aim it more like a gun. Its missile
is called a quarrel or bolt. They are extremely powerful; typically
acrank or other tool was used to cock them. Medieval crossbows
had greater range than bows, but were much, much slower to use
(about one quarrel per minute, versus 6-12 arrows per minute for
a bow). Moder crossbows are somewhat quicker to use, but still
not nearly as quick as a bow.

Use these statistics for all average-size crossbows, from
medieval times to modern. For smaller crossbows (suchas the
pistol-sized modern version), reduce the range, Initiative,
and Damage proportionately.

Fukimi-bari: Tiny needles held in the mouth by ninja
and blown at nearby opponents. They are usually poisoned
and cannot penetrate armor.

Javelin: A short throwing spear. The range can be
doubled if the character uses an atlatl, or spear-thrower.

Shuriken: "Throwing stars," popular with the ninja.
They come in a wide variety of shapes. They tend to be an
irritant more than a serious weapon, though a master can
cause grave injuries with them, and they are sometimes
poisoned. A character can throw one shuriken per turn for
every dot that he has in Melee.

Use these statistics for any other throwing blade not
suitable for use in hand-to-hand combat, such as the Indian
chakram (a bladed metal disk or ring).

Sling: Two cords attached to a pouch. A sling bullet
(usually made of lead) or sling stone was placed in the pouch,
and the entire weapon whirled around to build up force. At
the right moment, one of the cords is released, throwing the
missile at the opponent. Some versions were attached to
staffs, for added force and increased range.

Throwing Axe: A small axe intended for throwing.

Throwing Knife: Any knife that is aerodynamically
shaped to be thrown. Usually they cannot be used in hand-
to-hand combat very well (-1 to dagger damage).

War Dart: A dart designed for use in combat.

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms

Firearms

The following are changes to and modifications of the rules
for firearms. Feel free to use the old rules if you find them easier.

Firearms
Techniques

Firearms is the Skill that governs the use of all types of
guns, similar to the way Melee governs the use of all hand-to-
hand weapons. However, not all guns are alike. Therefore,
firearms are grouped into Techniques. For each dot in Fire-
arms, a character may choose two of these Techniques. If he
attempts to use a firearm for which he does not know the
Technique, the difficulty of his rolls is increased by 1.

Firearms Techniques

Class Examples

Archaic Pre-modern firearms

Handguns Any pistol, whether revolver or semi-
automatic

Rifles Hunting rifles, sniper rifles

Shotguns Hunting shotguns, Ithaca MAG-10,
Remington 870 P, Franchi SPAS- 12,
Mossberg M500

Submachine Uzi, Thompson, Ingram MAC-10,

Guns (SMGs) Intratec TEC-9, H&K MP5, Spectre M-4

Assault Rifles = Steyr AUG, Colt M-16, FN-FAL,

AK-47

Machine guns, recoilless rifles, gre-
nade launchers, mortars, shoulder-

Heavy Weapons

launched missiles

© Archaic: This broad category covers all "pre-modern"
firearms, defined here as invented before 1800 — gunpow-
der-based cannons and hand-held firearms were developed
as early as the 14th century. It includes matchlocks, flint-
locks, wheellocks, snaphances, muzzle-loading guns, the
"Brown Bess" used by British soldiers during the Revolution-
ary War, the muskets carried by Spanish conquistadors and
many other weapons. These guns are slow and cumbersome
to use; for game purposes, assume that a character can fire
once every 20 seconds!

This technique is rarely purchased by modern charac-
ters; for historical campaigns, the Storyteller may wish to
abolish itand use these Techniques: Matchlocks; Wheellocks;
Flintlocks; Early Percussion. A character with one of these
Techniques can use both long and short arms of that type.
See the table below for rough dates for these technologies.

¢ Handguns: Small firearms designed to be fired with
one hand and carried easily in a holster. They include
revolvers, which hold bullets in a rotating cylinder (which

103

EY

Zar usually limits

the number of rounds that can

be fired before having to reload to 6), and semi-

automatics, which hold bullets in a "clip" or magazine

(which can range in size from about 4 bullets to 100, depend-

ing upon the type of clip and the size of the gun). In addition

to their listed clip size, semi-automatics can hold one extra
round in the chamber.

Handguns are not automatic weapons — they only fire
one bullet per pull of the trigger. However, some of them can
be fired very quickly (3-4 times per turn for an experienced
user).

¢ Rifles: Longer guns fired from the shoulder (the
length of the barrel improves the accuracy of the weapon and
allows for a greater firing range). They are very common due
to their use in hunting; they are not as common for military
applications as they once were, due to the advent of assault
rifles.

® Shotguns: Smooth-bore shoulder-fired weapons that
shoot shells filled with pellets (or sometimes solid-metal
"slugs"), rather than bullets. The pellets spray out in a wide
area, allowing the shooter to hit several targets at once.
Often used for hunting, but also adapted to police and
military applications.

® Submachine Guns: Small automatic-fire weapons, diffi-
cult to use properly without training. Typically they have
magazines of 32-40 rounds and are fired in three-round bursts.

¢ Assault Rifles: The standard military arm in the
modern era — a rifle with fully automatic firing capabilities,
usually built to withstand a great deal of stress. They typically
have 30-40 shot magazines.

© Heavy Weapons: A broad category covering many
different types of larger weapons, including machine guns,
vehicle-mounted weapons, recoilless rifles, rocket launch-
ers, flamethrowers, grenade launchers, shoulder-mounted
missiles, mortars and similar devices.

Attacking with Firearms

The Dice Pool for firearms attack rolls is calculated as
follows:

Dexterity + Firearms + firearm's Accuracy modifier
- Health Level penalties (if any) = Dice Pool.

Of course, if an opponent
dodges, his successes will
subtract from the
successes scored
on this roll.

The diffi-
culty needed is
listed on the
Firearms table below.

104 W ori ~~ farkness: Combat

Note that any successes scored (after dodging
modifiers are subtracted) add to the damage done by the
firearm (see below).

Most firearms can be fired rapidly, allowing the shooter
to fire more than one shot in a combat turn. This is reflected
in the gun's Rate on the Firearms Table below — the Rate is
the maximum number of shots that can be fired with that gun
in any one turn. Rate does not apply to full-auto attacks, only
to three-round bursts or single-shot attacks.

Firing multiple shots requires the shooter to split up his
Dice Pool when rolling to hit. Additionally, there is a
cumulative +1 to the difficulty for every shot after the first
(second shot at +1, third at +2, and so on). However, there
is no penalty for shooting at widely separated targets. |

Characters may carry and use a gun in each hand if they |
so desire, but the same penalties apply. Every shot after the
first, regardless of which gun it is taken with, suffers the

difficulty penalty.

Firearms Damage

Firearms always do Kill damage, of course. The Dice
Pool for damage is calculated as follows: |

Firearm's Damage rating (including any modifiers for
type of ammunition used) + successes scored on attack roll
(after dodging modifiers) = Dice Pool.

The difficulty on this roll is 6.

Note that firearms' Damage ratings are based on the size,
or caliber, of the round they fire, plus other modifiers for
exotic ammunition types, as described below. Calibers are
given in tenths of an inch or millimeters. Note that the table
below only provides one dimension of the bullet, the "width,"
and does not include length. There can be, for example,
many different lengths of 9mm bullets — 9x17mm, 9x19mm,
9x29mm, and so on — but for gaming purposes, the length
makes relatively little difference.

Shotgun damage differs slightly from the damage caused
by other guns, because of the spread of the pellets (if the
shotgun is using slugs — solid metal projectiles — treat it as
anormal gun). Shotgun pellets do full damage to any target
in the first two hexes in front of the shooter. For the two
hexes beyond that, they lose 2 points of damage, but the blast
spreads out one hex to either side (creating a "cone" effect).
This continues until the damage points are exhausted.


Ammunition
Modifiers

Armor Piercing: These bullets are designed
to cut through body armor (and other obstacles)
more easily. If the target is protected by body
armor or some other object that makes it harder
to damage him, the protection that item offers

him is halved.

Armor-Piercing Explosive: Combines an
Armor-Piercing and Explosive effect.

Armor-Piercing Incendiary: Combines an
Armot-Piercing and Incendiary effect.

Caseless: This type of bullet has the propel-
lant molded around the bullet itself. There is no
bullet casing for the gun to eject, which not only
means leaving no casings as evidence, but in-
creasing the gun's firing rate. Increase the gun's
Rate (see the Firearms Table, below) by 1.
Caseless ammunition is rare.

Duplex: A form of bullet that is two bullets
molded into one. These bullets separate upon
firing. The shooter makes two to-hit rolls, and
one damage test for each successful to-hit roll.

Equalloy: A bullet formed from aluminum
with a nylon coating, allowing it to be fired at
very high velocities and to expand inside the
victim when it hits, causing great damage.

Explosive: A bullet with a hollow tip filled
with a liquid substance (usually mercury). Upon
contact with the victim, the liquid "explodes"
outward, causing large wounds.

Fiberglass/Plastic: These bullets are hard to
detect with x-rays or during an autopsy and thus
are favored by some assassins.

Flechette: A flechette is not a bullet, but a
small metal "arrow" in a bullet-shaped casing.
The casing falls away upon firing, allowing the
flechettes inside to travel long distances (x1.5
range). When they hit their target they cut
through armor easily (the effect of the armor is
halved) and cause terrible wounds.

Glaser: This bullet contains many small
metal pellets, in effect making it a miniature
shotgun shell with the range of a bullet. It causes
massive damage to the victim when the pellets
explode outward upon contact. However, be-
cause of this effect, it does not work very well in
situations in which a victim is protected by
cover; reduce the damage by 4 in such cases.

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms

Caliber

32/7.65mm

Incendiary

Po

eversed Opive
rmor

Piercing

Spent Uranium

Tracer

pler

Damage

Ammo

Common Uses
d Rifles ee
Handguns, Rifles, Assault Rifles

Handguns -
Handguns

Handguns

Handguns

Handguns

Assault Rifles
landguns, SMGs

Handguns, SMGs

Handguns

Note

Reduces body armor by half

Reduces body armor by half
body armor by half

No casing to eject, +1 to fire rate

) Difficult to locate in the body .

1.5 range, halves body armor

+1 to fire rate, x1.5 range

May cause fires

May poison victim

Reduces body armor by half

_ Converts damage to Stun -

Reduces body armor by one-fourth

| 1 difficulty after Ist shot

105

Gyrojet: This bullet is like a miniature rocket, with its
own fuel supply. This allows it to travel great distances
(x1.5 range) and also means that it does not
need a separate case (increase the Rate by
1). It also has very little recoil (reduce
multiple fire difficulty increases by 1).
However, a special pistol is needed to
fire Gyrojet ammo; it does not work
in ordinary guns (and ordinary
ammunition does not work in a
Gyrojet pistol).

Hollow Point: Also known as a "dum- dum"
bullet, this round has part of its metal jacket cut away,
exposing the lead center beneath. This causes the bullet to
"mushroom" when it hits the target, creating large wounds.
Firing through cover has the same effect on this bullet as on

Glaser bullets.

Improved Glaser: Like a Glaser round but better, and it
does not suffer any reduction in damage when the shooter
fires through cover.

Incendiary: This bullet contains a small amount of
incendiary matter that ignites when the bullet hits its target.
This is useful for setting gas tanks on fire and causing other
spectacular effects.

Poison: An ordinary bullet that has been coated with a
poison. The victim may suffer the effects of the poison after
he is hit (refer to "Poisons," below, for information).

Reversed Ogive: This bullet has a special shape that
allows it to cut through armor easily (it halves the effect of
armor) yet still do tremendous damage.

Rubber: Rubber bullets do the same amount of damage
as ordinary ones, but inflict Stun damage rather than kill.

Semi-Armor Piercing: A bullet with a steel core instead
of lead, creating a slight armor-piercing effect.

Spartan: A mixture of polymer and lead dust molded
into the shape of a bullet. The round fragments when
it hits its target. It works exactly like a Glaser bullet.

World of Darkness: Combat

Spent Uranium:
Spent (nonradioactive)
uranium is heavier than
lead, allowing the bullet
to be smaller while weigh-
ing the same. This means
more propellant can be in-
cluded, causing the bullet to
go faster and hit the target
with greater force.

Thunderzap: A type of plastic bullet chat mushrooms
inside the victim's body (much like a Hollow Point bullet).

Tracer: A bullet containing chemicals that ignite when
the bullet is fired, "tracing" a path of light that shows where
the bullet goes. This improves the chance of hitting the
target with subsequent shots, but it also lets your target know
your location.

Tumbler: Most bullets spin around their long axis,
causing them to fly point-first toward the target. Not tumbler
bullets. They tumble end over end, so that when they hit the
target, they tear into him and ricochet around inside his

body, causing terrible wounds.


Shotgun Ammunition
Modifiers

Air Bomb: This shell is designed to explode in the air
near the target, knocking him out. It causes two extra Health
Levels of Stun damage in a 2-hex radius area.

Armor-Piercing Slug: A shotgun slug with an armor-
piercing effect (body armor is halved).

BRI Slug: A slug that is made more in the shape of a
bullee than normal slugs, giving it a greater range (x1.5
range).

Explosive: A slug that explodes upon impact, causing +2
Kill damage in a 2-hex radius.

Fireball: This shell is filled with flammable matter that
bursts into a 1-hex radius fireball upon impact. Flammable
objects in the area may catch fire.

Flare: This shell does no damage; rather, it blinds the
victim temporarily. If the attack roll hits, the shooter rolls 8
dice, difficulty 7; every success achieved means one turn of
blindness (each success on a character's dodge reduces this
total by one). If 7 or more successes are achieved, the
blindness may be permanent (Storyteller's discretion).

Flecherte: Similar ro flechettes used in bullets, but larger
and more deadly.

Ice: A slug made of solid ice. Ice slugs don't do extra
damage, but once they melt, the cause of death becomes a
mystery.

Lockbreaker: This shell is filled with metallic powder,
which makes it useful for blowing open locks. If used against
a target, it does -4 damage.

Ropethrower: This is actually an attachment that uses
the force of a shotgun shell to fire a rope and grapnel.

Rubber Shot: A shotgun shell filled with large rubber
pellets. This converts the shotgun's damage to Stun.

Silenced: This flechette shell is constructed so that the
gases that propel it are trapped inside the shell itself, silenc-
ing the round (+3 difficulty on rolls to perceive it).

Smoke: A miniature smoke grenade in the form of a
shotgun shell; it creates a 3-hex radius cloud of smoke.

Tear Gas: A miniature tear gas grenade in the form of a
shotgun shell; it creates a 3-hex radius cloud of tear gas (see
below for the effects of tear gas).

Shotgun
Ammunition

Gauge Damage

8

10

12

20

410

Modifier Damage Notes
Air Bomb +2

Stun-damage
explosion

Armor-Piercing -1 Reduces body armor

Slug by half
BRI Slug
Explosive
Fireball Explosion

Flare Blinds target

Flechette x1.5 range, halves
body armor

Ice Hides cause of death
Lockbreaker

Ropethrower

Rubber Shot

x1.5 range
Explosion

Used to open doors

Launches a line

Converts damage to
Stun

Silenced

Creates a cloud of
smoke

Silenced
Smoke

Creates a cloud of
tear gas

Tear Gas

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms

107

Archaic Firearms

Firearm Diff Rng Rate Conceal Clip
Matchlock Pistol (1400s) 8 20 1 J 1

Matchlock Rifle (1400s) 40
Wheellock Pistol (1500s) 20
Wheellock Rifle (1500s) 40
Flintlock Pistol (1600s) 20
Flintlock Rifle (1600s) 40
Dueling Pistol (1770) 25
"Brown Bess" Rifle (1700s) 40
Percussion Pistol (1800s) 20
Percussion Rifle (1800s) 40

OW mm LA a

N
J
N
J
N
J
N
J
N

"aN ~~ OO CO OH CO
ee ee i oy
LE eet ee core ee ce oe oe

Modern Firearms

Firearm Diff Rng Rate Conceal Clip
Revolvers
Colt Anaconda .44 M 35
Colt Python 357 M 25
Derringer 38 15
Llama Comanche .38 25
Ruger Super Redhawk .44M 35
S&W Model 57 .41 M 25

Semi-Automatics

AMT Automag .45 M

Beretta 92 9mm

Calico M-950 9mm

Colt M1911A .45

Desert Eagle .50

Glock 17L 9mm

Glock 20 10mm

H&K PIS 9mm

L.A.R. Grizzly .45

MBA Gyrojet Pistol 13mm Gy

Ruger Mk. II .22

SIG/SAUER P226 9mm

SIG/SAUER P229 .40

S&W ASP 9mm

S&W Model 1006 10mm

Walther PPK-S .380
Rifles

Calico M-105 .22

Colt Sporter Delta 5.56mm

Galil Sniper Rifle 7.62mm

H&H African .45 M

McMillan M-87 .50

Steyr SSG-69 7.62mm

av eine Bae Bias ieee

35
25
25
35
35
30
30
25
5

40
25
30
30
25
30
25

ww & PB Ww Bw BW Bw WwW HD WwW
Am RKB PHD KD fda UN Pb BAN

DBDNDNDADAAAADAADAARDRAARAA GN
JTuvvVy eT Sep

ZZAZLAZ

108 World of Darkness: Combat ;


Firearm Diff Rng Rate Conceal Clip
Rifles
SVD Dragunov 7.62mm RL 650
Walther WA-2000 Sniper 7.62mm 650
Shotguns
AAI CAWS Flechette
Entry Team Striker l2ga
Franchi SPAS-12 12ga
Ithaca MAG-10 10ga
Jackhammer Mk 3A-2 I2ga
Mossberg M500 12ga
Remington 870P 12ga
Street Sweeper 12ga
USAS-12 12ga
Submachine Guns
H&K MP5 9mm
Ingram MAC-10 .45
Intratec TEC-9 9mm
Skorpion M-61 .32 Cz
Spectre M-4 9mm

ZZ

SR 2

SRop eS
SR 2/3B
SR 2

SR 2/3B
SR 2

SR 2

SR -2/3B
SR 2B

NADDAWDA ABAD A DW
ee
CO .9O COR CO CO CO.H CO

50 3/3B
35 3B
35 3/3B
30. 3B
50 3/3B
50 3B
35 3/3B
25. 3/3B

32

10 0 ee
50 ,
20

1

Uzi 9mm
Mini-Uzi 9mm
Micro-Uzi 9mm
Assault Rifles
AK-47 7.62mm R 150. 3/FA
Colt M-16A1 5.56mm 150 3/FA
FN-FAL 7.62mm 150 3/FA
L85A1 5.56mm 150 3/FA
Steyr AUG 5.56mm 150 3/FA

KRDNDDDD A D
> bop Sb Gp ir KR

eo eae
30
30

ZZZZZ
oe

Heavy and Miscellaneous Weapons
Weapon Diff. Rng Rate Conceal Clip — =) > >» Damage
Heavy Weapons
Flamethrower 50 1 Noo 0 8
M-60 7.62mm Machine Gun 400 5/IFA N 100 7
Recoilless Rifle 57mm 500 foo No 9
I

Stinger SAM 1000 1 N 1
Grenades ee

Fragmentation Grenade 30

Concussion Grenade 30.
Smoke Grenade 30
Tear Gas 30

¢ 3B: This weapon can be fired in Three-Round Bursts.
¢ FA: This weapon can be fired Full-Auto.
e SR: Shotgun Range (see above for information on the range on shotguns)

Appendix Three: Weapons and Firearms 109

i

Notes on Heavy and

Miscellaneous Weapons

M-60 and Recoilless Rifle: These weapons are usually
mounted on a tripod or vehicle and are typically fired by a
crew of 2-3 persons.

Stinger SAM: This surface-to-air missile is fired from a
man-portable shoulder-mounted tube. It isa one-shot weapon;
it cannot be reloaded. Upon impact, it explodes, damaging
everything in a 4-hex radius area. The Stinger's statistics can
also be used for a wide variety of rocket-propelled grenades,
shoulder-launched missiles, and similar weapons.

Grenades: Unless noted otherwise, all grenades are as-
sumed to cause an effect over a 3-hex radius area. Grenades have
a low difficulty because it is fairly easy to throw an area of effect
weapon into the general vicinity of your target — youdon't have
to be right on target to hit him, as you do with a gun.

Grenades fired from a grenade launcher (whether one that
attaches to an assault rifle, such as the U.S. M-203, ora launcher that
is a separate weapon) have double the Range listed on the table.
Grenade-launching devices generally have a Concealment of N;
some have their own clipsand cancarryand fire many grenades. Also,
please note that for grenades thrown by hand, the range may increase

depending upon the strength of the thrower. As a rough tule of
thumb,add3-5 yards perdotof Strength above 2 that the thrower has.

Fragmentation Grenade: These grenades do Kill dam-
age by spraying shrapnel in a wide area.

Concussion Grenade: These grenades do Stun damage
with a combination of bright light, loud sound and concus-
sive force. Victims may be temporarily blinded or deafened.

Smoke: These grenades create acloud of smoke ina three-hex
radius. This smoke cuts off vision both into and out of the cloud.

Tear Gas: Tear gas is a chemical that causes the eyes to
water profusely (producing, in effect, temporary blindness); it
also makes the victim cough. As longas victims remain in the gas
cloud without some form of eye and breathing protection (e.g.,
a gas mask), they will be incapacitated, unable to do anything
other than move and act blindly. Once they leave the cloud, the
blindness will pass in 1-10 turns (Storyteller rolls randomly).

Unfortunately, there isn't space in this book to presenta list
of pictures of firearms and weapons. However, the Bibliography
contains a list of several reference books on guns and weapons.

Gun Accessories

Characters may purchase the following devices to aug-
ment their firearms.

Flash Suppressor: A device mounted on the front of the
barrel of a rifle or assault rifle to hide the muzzle flash.

Laser Sight: A small device mounted on top of or beneath
the barrel of a gun that emits a red laser beam, thus showing the
shooter where he is aiming. The beam will work for about 50
yards before dispersing so much that it becomes useless. It will

110 World of Darkness: Combat

not work well in smoke, fog or similar conditions. And don't
forget: it also allows your enemies to see where you are firing
from. However, there are infrared or ultraviolet lasers available
that can only be seen with special optical devices.

Recoil Compensator: A device mounted on the front barrel of
a gun to reduce the recoil. This reduces the penalty for taking
multiple shots by one; it doesnot affect the difficulty penalty for firing
in three-round bursts or full-auto. However, by lengthening the
barrel of the gun, it makes it more difficult to conceal. A recoil
compensator may not be used in conjunction with a silencer.

Scope: An optical sighting device, typically used on
rifles (especially sniper rifles). It adds +2 dice to the shooter's
Dice Pool for purposes of aiming (see "Firefight Complica-
tions" in the various rulebooks).

Silencer: More accurately referred to as a sound suppressor,
this device is mounted on the front of a gun barrel to trap the
gases emitted when a gun is fired, thereby greatly reducing the
sound caused by a shot. Just about any gun can be silenced, but
the bigger the gun, the bigger the silencer (thus making it more
difficult to conceal). Ifa character is trying to perceive a silenced
gun, increase the difficulty of the roll by 4.

Bibliography

Thefollowingbooksmay prove of interest toreaders who would
like to do their own research on the subjects covered in this book.

Weapons and Firearms

General References

Diagram Group. Weapons. This invaluable reference
work covers weapons from sticks up to modern space-based
weapons and is profusely illustrated and cross-referenced.

Ezell, Edward. Small Arms of the World, 12th Ed.

Hogg, lan. Modern Small Arms.

Gaming References

Dockery, Kevin. The Compendium of Modern Firearms.

Ryan, Charles. Uleramodern Firearms.

Simbieda, Maryann. The Compendium of Contemporary
Weapons.

Martial Arts
General References
Corcoran, John, et al. The Original Martial Arts Encyclopedia.
Crompton, Paul. The Complete Martial Arts.
Draegar, Donn and Robert Smith. Comprehensive Asian
Fighting Arts.
Reid, Howard and Michael Croucher. The Way of the Warrior.
Gaming References
Carella, C. J. GURPS Martial Arts, 2nd Edition.
Long, Steven S. The Ultimate Martial Artist.


Combat Maneuver Sheet

Athletics

Firearms

MANEUVER POINTS
Block None
Dodge None
Grapple None
Heavy Kick None
Heavy Strike None
Quick Kick None
Quick Strike None
Sprint None

I A
+4 None
+6 None
+0
-l
+0 +0
+] +0
+3 +0
+3 None

ABILITIES

______ Athletics Maneuvers

_____ Brawt Maneuvers

____ Do/Brawl Maneuvers
Dodge Maneuvers

Weapon Maneuvers
Weapon Techniques
Firearms Techniques

Cowes r PEARL VERS A

D M NOTES

None +0 Soak=Dodge + Stamina,
+2 Initiative next turn

None +1 Dexterity + Dodge, may Abort
+0 +0 Sustained Hold

+2 -l
+] +0
+1 +0
+0 +1
None +3

Weapon Techniques

PECHRIQUES ee

Firearms Techniques


COMBAT CARD

CHARACTER
MANEUVER

INITIATIVE
ACCURACY
DAMAGE
MOVE
SPECIAL

COMBAT CARD

CHARACTER
MANEUVER

INITIATIVE
ACCURACY
DAMAGE
MOVE
SPECIAL

COMBAT CARD

CHARACTER
MANEUVER

INITIATIVE
ACCURACY
DAMAGE
MOVE
SPECIAL

COMBAT CARD

CHARACTER

MANEUVER

INITIATIVE
ACCURACY
DAMAGE
MOVE
SPECIAL

COMBAT CARD

CHARACTER,
MANEUVER

INITIATIVE
ACCURACY
DAMAGE
MOVE

SPECIAL

STUNT CARD

Play this card and

describe your
character's stunt to
the Storyteller.

COMBAT CARD

CHARACTER
MANEUVER

INITIATIVE
ACCURACY
DAMAGE
MOVE
SPECIAL

COMBAT CARD

CHARACTER
MANEUVER a

INITIATIVE

ACCURACY

DAMAGE

MOVE

SPECIAL

COMBAT CARD

CHARACTER
MANEUVER

INITIATIVE
ACCURACY
DAMAGE
MOVE
SPECIAL

na 8 Neh ee ee
