# File: Constantinople By Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Puiiper Bouts, JosHus Mosqurira-HisHEmM
AND LuctEN SOULBAN


CREDITS

Authors: Philippe Boulle, Joshua Mosqueira-Asheim and
Lucien Soulban

Developer: Robert Hatch

Editor: Ken Cliffe

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen E. Miles and Lawrence Snelly
Layout and Typesetting: Matt Milberger

Interior Art: Michael Gaydos, Eric Lacombe, Chuck Regan,
Andrew Ritchie & Andrew Trabbold

Cartography: Larry Friedman

Front Cover Art: William O'Connor

Cover Design: Matt Milberger

ze Yvigg, 735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
ak sure

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and blank character sheets, which may be repro-
duced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the
Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the Ascen-
sion are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. Alll rights reserved. Alon, Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf
the Wild West and Constantinople by Night are trade-
marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
All characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or prod-
uct in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

SPECIAL THANKS

Justin "Blorf" Achilli, for poignantly expressing his disgust with
proceedings at Origins (or was that just the three Tanqueray and
tonics, yard of Harp, two Red Stripes, Long Island iced tea, Sam
Adams Cream Stout and two Kamikazes?).

Christian "R-E-S-P-E-C-Tease" Naberhaus, for exposing
downtown Milwaukee to his singing, dancing and just about
everything else.

Mark "Nature's Call" Rein Hagen, for turning his scalp into
amane.

Larry "Lounge Lizard" Snelly, for puttin' on the ritz, daddy-o.
Blondie at the Clermont Lounge, ‘cause I want 23 more!


TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE: INTRODUCTION

Cuapter Two: History

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY

CuaprTer Four: ALiANCES

CHAPTER Five: THE DAMNED

CHAPTER SIX: STORIES IN CONSTANTINOPLE



an Os

npiet One:
Introduction

Gucning and tucning in the voidening qyce
the falcon carmot hear the falconec

Things fall apo t the center cannot hl
Whee anarchy is loosed upon the voonld,
The Uood-dirmmied fide is loosed,

and everryvohere

The cevernony of inmocence is Svovored?
the best lack all conviction, vohile the voorst
Ave full of passionate intensity

-VWilfiarn Butler Yeats "The Second Coming

an the Dark Whedieval age, fev cities Shine like
Constantinople Sor centuries it has prospered, and a
mighty empicehas qrovonaroundits walls—abeacon
of light as the fabled Korman Empire collapsed intto
cuint Vet, to the childcen of Gaine, Constantinople is
more than just another capital and to three
WMethuselahs the city is a bastion of hope, anacconr
Pishrment that will survive until the Last Night.
dkom Constantinople's palaces and churches, these
three Gainites have molded the city to rival not only
Romeand Carthage, but Criochas voell Sor nearly 900
yeas their voor has prospered, yet nothing contr
pletely escapes the grasp of darkness, and soon
Constantinople voill shine no longer. In the shadoves
of the night, the childcenof Gaine ploy their garnesan,
as the Soucth Gusade approaches, Constantine's city


CONSTANTINOPLE?

Ciry oF GOLD

Constantinople, when compared to other cities that
weathered the centuries of isolation that followed the collapse
of Rome, is an old city. Its golden domes and exquisite
architecture, though fading and eroded, capture its glory and
splendor. To walk through Constantinople's colonnade-lined
streets is to walk simultaneously into the past and future. In
1197, Constantinople is a city of wonder and marvel, both for
its own unique culture and because it lies on the threshold
between the Western world and the mysterious East. The
Byzantine Empire and its capital are enigmas to most Europe-
ans, legendary places that fascinate and frighten.

Ideally located on a peninsula that formsa bridge between
Europe and Asia Minor, Constantinople dates from the sixth
century B.C., and the Greek colony of Byzantium. Its true
history, however, began in A.D. 326, when Roman Emperor
Constantine the Great laid the foundations of the city, and it
surpassed Rome as the capital of the empire. In the centuries
since, Constantinople has grown, incorporating Roman, Hel-
lenistic and, above all, Christian influences into a
heterogeneous whole.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

At Constantinople's center lies the Church of Holy
Wisdom, Hagia Sophia, which is one of the world's most
beautiful be . Radiating outward from this nexus along
immaculate streets can be found the many forums of the city,
its imposing Hippodrome, and the majestic palaces from
which the emperors rule Constantinople and the Byzantine
Empire. Roman-style villas, bazaars and secluded monasteries
can be found atop Constantinople's seven hills, which are
home to its staggering one million citizens — making it the
largest and richest city in the world.

Although serene, Constantinople has not escaped the
ravages of time, and nowhere is this more evident than in the
slumlike Latin Quarter that lines the natural harbor of the
Golden Horn. This squalid area has become home to mer-
chants from the Italian city-states, who were given complete
trading rights in the 1180s. The merchants, and many Latin
immigrants who have arrived over the past decade, have
brought with them crime and poverty, forever changing the
landscape of the city.

Constantinople is the greatest city in Europe, but it also
casts a dark shadow. Its streets and churches betray its Cainite
masters; indeed, many of its holy icons are reflections of
vampires. The imperial throne is dominated by Ventrue
ambition and, in the dark and winding streets of the Latin


Quarter, vampires hunt each other as readily as they do
mortals. In many ways Constantinople is a city spiraling into
anarchy, its factions struggling to hold onto reins that are
ragged and frayed.

Morrat Sociery

Byzantine society is divided into three categories. Move-
ment between these three, though uncommon, is not
impossible. The first faction of society is the imperial, which
includes not only the emperor and his family but also his
advisors and high-ranking members of the clergy, army and
civil service. The role of the emperor in Byzantine society is
paramount as he (or, on some rare occasions, she) is not only
the head of state, but of the Church as well. To the people of
Constantinople, their emperor, his court and the city itself
represent Heaven, and as such the emperor rules with divine
authority. Claim to the purple mantle is loosely based on
heredity, but ultimately through the will of God. Emperors
have been appointed in a number of ways, from council to
bloody rebellion; both are considered signs of God's favor.
Although this system is, at least to outsiders, unstable and
chaotic, the empire has prospered over the centuries.

After from the imperial court, the second-most-impor-
tant faction of the empire's population is made up of its large
civil class. This group includes people from nearly every aspect
of Byzantine life, from merchants to bureaucrats. The most
prominent members are associated with the Church. The

clergy and bishops of Byzantium are assigned the administra-
tive tasks of the Orthodox Church, while the many monastic
orders form the spiritual heart of society. Ranked below the
clergy in this faction are those involved with Byzantine
bureaucracy, from law to finance, and they are followed by the
producers of goods, who include traders and craftsmen. These
bureaucrats and manufacturers comprise Constantinople's
middle class. Servants and subordinates (including guardsmen
and minor civil servants) make up the lowest tier of this
faction, leaving the sick, infirm and other undesirables to the
grace of the Church.

The third faction of Byzantine society is the army. Service
is considered a lifelong endeavor and is designed to be ex-
tremely rewarding. Advancement depends on achievement
and ambition, though family prestige has become an impor-
tant factor. Despite the army's benefits, most scions of wealthy
families eschew it in favor of the civil service. In recent years,
thearmy and navy have come to rely onsoldier-farmers, which
has contributed to the steady decline of Byzantine might —
such soldiers are more loyal to local lords than to the emperor.

THE DAMNED

Constantinople's children of Caine play an elaborate, dan-
gerous game. In 1197 the city, and for that matter the empire, is
extremely unstable, and the Cainites of Constantinople are the
citizens who stand to lose the most should it fall. Since Emperor


Constantine founded the city in A.D. 326, its Cainites have
organized themselvesaccordingto powerful blood-families, whose
influence has had direct effect on the capital's growth and
prosperity. The three major families, collectively called the
Trinity, trace their roots to three Methuselahs — the Toreador
Michael, the Ventrue Antonius and the Tzimisce Dracon —
who left the debauchery of Rome with the intent of creating an
even greater city.

The families of the Trinity and their subordinates (known
as scions) form the power structure of Constantinople. Unfor-
tunately, theirranks are rife with dissent and discord, and their
control over the city ebbs nightly. Michael, the patriarch of
the city and head of the Michaelite Toreador family, is
afflicted with a growing madness that in turn touches the
minds of his followers. Only Michael's childe Petronius seems
free of the patriarch's madness, but the burden of leading his
family weighs heavily on the childe. The local Ventrue are
finally feeling the effects of centuries of ambition. Their
current leader Caius draws his family into vicious intrigue and
infighting. The Obertus Tzimisce face similar obstacles; a
dangerous schism is developing between the sibling leaders
Gesu and Symeon over the Embrace of a mortal woman.

Contributing to these problems is the arrival of Cainites
from across Europe, who hide amid Constantinople's winding
streets. The increase in the vampire population has made
feeding difficult, and some of the Carrion, as the Europeans are
called, have taken to hunting other vampires, heightening to
the chaos that threatens to engulf Constantinople. Some of
the Carrion are shiftless renegades. Others are fanatics who
have established apocalyptic cults and blood cults. Chief
among these groups is the Chosen of Calomena, led by the
Caitiff Stanislav, who wishes for the destruction of his kind.

The greatest threat to Constantinople isits foreign Cainites
who live in the Latin Quarter. Ruling their section of
Constantinople as Western-style princes, they are collectively
led by the Lasombra Alfonzo of Venice, who uses the city's
Latin merchants to puta stranglehold on the city and Trinity.
Supporting him is the shadowy hand of the Inconnu, who have
had a major influence in recent events. For centuries, these
vengeful Cainites have harbored a burning resentment for
Michael's Constantinople, which has eclipsed the glory of
their Rome. The Inconnu plot their revenge — in the form of
the Fourth Crusade.

H d

Within these pages you will find everything you need to
seta Vampire: The Dark Ages chronicle in New Rome. This
book takes you into a different world from that of the Dark
Ages rulebook, into a society of the night in which the rules
are differentand the grip of chaos is powerful. A glimpse of this
world is offered in this chapter.


Chapter Two guides you through the long and twisted
history of Constantinople and the empire it heads. Emphasis
has been placed on the broad strokes of history and the place
of prominent Cainites.

Chapter Three examines the city itself. A detailed picture
of Constantinople is provided, allowing Storytellers to get a
grasp of the setting of their stories. A shorter section examines
the extent of the Byzantine Empire itself.

Chapter Four examines the traditions by which
Constantinople's Cainites exist; powerful blood-families lay claim
to parts of the great Dream which is the inspiration of New Rome.
A vampire's place is largely determined by his family.

Finally, Chapter Five details the individual vampires who
reside in the city.

REFERENCES

The following sources were helpful in the writing of
Constantinople by Night and can be of aid to Storytellers.

The Byzantium Trilogy by John Julius Norwich (Viking/
Penguin). A detailed yet accessible three-volume work that
covers the history of the empire from beginning to end.

Byzantium: The Empire of the New Rome by Cyril Mango
(Phoenix). An excellent overview of Byzantine society that
includes the people, social outlooks and organizations that
made the empire so unique.

Byzantium: Church, Society, and Civilization Seen Through
Contemporary Eyes, edited by Deno John Geanakoplos (Univer-
sity of Chicago). A collection of short Byzantine texts, this book
offers an'excellent insight into the Byzantine frame of mind.

Other good sources for wide overviews of Byzantine history
include the Encyclopedia Britannica (Macropedia) and Mythic
Europe (published by White Wolf/Wizards of the Coast).

THEME

Whatever is begotten, born, and dies.

Caught in that sensual music all neglect

Monuments of unaging intellect.

—William Butler Yeats, "Sailing to Byzantium"

Nothing lasts forever. Youth fades, ambition wanes, love
dies and dreams are forgotten. When all is said and done, only
the cool comfort of the grave remains to console us. "The end
ofan era" is the theme of Constantinople by Night. A city that
was built to be Heaven on Earth is rapidly being buried by the
sands of time while the world around it prepares for an
unknown future.

Nearly a millennium has passed since Constantine the
Great laid the foundations of what has come to be known as one
of the most wondrous and beautiful cities in the world. Now the
gold frescos and mosaics thatadorn the city are tarnished by time,
and the Byzantine Empire crumbles under its own weight. The
Fourth Crusade looms on the horizon and could destroy the city,
closing its chapter in history.

Those Cainites living within Constantinople's walls sense
these changes coming, as did those who lived through the
destruction of Enoch, Carthage and Rome. Though these
ancient vampires stubbornly cling to the past, hoping that
things will continue as they always have, deep down in their
immortal hearts they realize that their future is bleak.

The end of an era can manifest in different ways and all
possibilities should be subtly presented by the Storyteller.
Melancholy and sadness permeate the city, finding expression
in its ancient monuments and sculptures that speak of the
past's glory and of the darkness to come. Vampires from all
over Europe gather in Constantinople to bask in its legacy. In
afew centuries the Inquisition will root them out, the Camarilla
and Sabbat will be formed, and Cainites will have to hide from
the eyes of humanity, no longer ruling as kings and queens. In
1197 the future is viewed with apprehension; the lords of the
night fear it more than anything that hides in the shadows.

The way each vampire deals with the city's final moments
is different. Some completely ignore the signs they see and
continue as if nothing is wrong, hoping that by turning a blind
eye to the future it will pass them by. Others prefer to revel in
apocalyptic celebration, indulging their every whim and desire.
Weaker Cainites simply slip away, never to be seen again.
Constantinople's disintegration reflects and is reflected by the

Tue DREAM

The Dream of the Toreador Methuselah Michael is,
in essence, the city of Constantinople. Palaces, churches
and aqueducts; the beauty of a sunset over the Golden
Hom; rich, glorious history — these are what the Dream
isall about. Through its sheer power toawe and enrapture,
the Dream is one of the last.things that stillPunites the
Cainites of Constantinoplé/Even newcomers t6 the city
cannot escape an overwhélming sensation of wonder as
they gaze forthe first tim€atthecity'sendlessmonuments,
statuesand subtle referencést6 the Cainites ofthé Trinity.

Unfortunately, Michaél's Dreamylike any other, is
an ephemeral creation that:is*oper to interpretation,
and each Cainie@firtds something different in it.

The Dreamisa cteatin fambition and egotism; the
ultimate work 6fatt;not confined toa stage or canvas, but
manifest on the tapestryof humanity. Michael sought to
create a place ofheavenly beauryand serenity, an immor-
tal testamenitnot only tohhimy Antonius and the Dracon,
but to all'thé children Of Caine.

Unfortunately, many.of the cursed childer of Caine
consider existencé@phiemeral and transient, even though
they are eternal. It is their fate to bear witness to the end
of things, from the lives of loved ones to the cultures of
their origins. Though Constantinople offers Michael
the hope of eternity — that not everything must come
toan end, that something will outlast him and his curse
— even the Dream is fading into the Long Night.

CHAPTER ONE: INTRODUCTION


actions of its three ruling Cainite families. The founders of the
Dream slowly die with their city, their ambition and vision
replaced by petty intrigue and shortsightedness.

Although the theme of this book is one of relative
hopelessness, all is not lost. The Storyteller should use this
book's theme to propel characters into action. Do they sit back
and enjoy the twilight years or try to change the city's course?
Nothing is written in stone. You decide whether
Constantinople falls to crusaders in 1204 or the characters
take matters into their own hands.

Ifthe characters do alter Constantinople's destiny, events
still occur that not even they can control. Ultimately, the
characters may have to watch as one of the world's greatest
cities falls to both Cainite and human folly. Some of the best
stories end in tragedy.

Moop

The mood of Constantinople by Night is one of melan-
choly and lamentation. As judgment approaches, a pall of
sorrow and regret hangs over the city. The empire frays at the
edges, falling victim to younger, more vital civilizations. The
Latin Quarter festers like a cancer amid the splendor. Even the
beautiful mosaics and icons that once stood as celebrations to
Byzantium's glory now crumble into ruins.

All of Constantinople's Cainites sense this weariness and
seek to disguise it behind shows of strength or sneers of
indifference. Those who have lost hope fill their nights with
petty plansand misguided intentions, while those who struggle
against the end find themselves hampered by their own fears
and doubts.

Yet there are a few vampires who fight to preserve the city,
and who will sacrifice themselves in the nights to come. Some
Cainites, those who are less ambitious but equally hopeful,
struggle to make the collapse only partial, to plant the seeds of
rebirth and renewed vigor. In many ways the fate of
Constantinople rests in the hands of these Cainites.

SYMBOLOGY

In the medieval world, where candles flicker with pale
futility against the enshrouding night, it is easy to believe that
things lies just beyond the periphery of mundane senses. Wis-
dom and knowledge are hidden in every statue and fresco that
adorns Constantinople, but are lost by those who can not or
will not see them. The city is immersed in imagery born from
both the deliberate and subconscious efforts of Michael the
Patriarch. Dreams, symbols and portents are indicators of what
has happened and is happening behind the scenes. For those
Storytellers not satisfied with presenting the city at face value,
this section explores its more subtle motifs.

First and foremost, Constantinople represents the one
aspect of vampiric existence that consistently proves to be
Cainites' undoing: immortality. Supposedly a gift, Cainite
eternity is rife with bitter irony; while natural death cannot

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

claim a vampire, it takes its toll by plundering all to which a
vampire clings. Cainites weather eternity far better than their
creations, thoughts or even morals can ever hope to.

THE TRIGMVIRATE
AND THE NUMBER THREE

Constantinople was founded on a desire for stability and
born from the minds of Michael the Patriarch, Antonius the
Ventrue and the Tzimisce known as the Dracon. The three
Cainites, though each potent, formed a dynamic whole that
declined just as their "eternal" city did.

Antonius the Ventrue represented the best and worst
aspects of stability. The practical Cainite was grounded and
not given to lofty, ultimately self-destructive dreams. He knew
how to deal with situations that fell within his experience.

However, he was unable to adapt when circumstances did
not conform to his experiences. His very strength was his
downfall. A crisis had to arise before he could decide on a
course of action that was alien to him. Antonius represented
the isolationism of Constantinople— with Rome fallen, what
conventions could he or Constantinople draw upon? All was
new.

The Dracon of the Obertus Tzimisce, given his obsession
with the ephemeral and transitory, lent a contrasting quality
to the Triumvirate and therefore Constantinople. Unlike
many Tzimisce who tried to change themselves — as if
humanity was nothing to aspire to— the Dracon saw himself
as a catalyst for change itself. Rather than pursue cosmetic
changes to his physical form, he chose to bring change to those
around him. Perhaps, in some unconscious way, he fought
against the failing of many Cainites: of being self-involved.

The Dracon was the very spirit of protean. Nothing ever
remained stagnant around him, and he constantly adjusted his
reactions to every stimulus, whether there was reason to or
not. His strength lay in his ability to deal with any problem
that arose, modifying his thoughts to best suit the situation. In
this manner he was rarely taken by surprise or caught off-guard.
But, by the same token the Dracon was unpredictable and
unreliable.

Alliances, treaties and even friendships were subject to
his ever-changing whims, but his gravest error was in leaving
Constantinople during Michael III's rule. The Dracon be-
lieved that his presence would erode the peace and stability
that, at the time, flourished in Constantinople. Though the
stagnation that gripped the city took two centuries to mani-
fest, Constantinople was not stable. The Dracon was guilty of
falling into the same trap as Antonius: believing that the city
would be as immortal as the Cainites who created it.

The third member of the Triumvirate was Michael the
Wanderer, self-proclaimed angel and mad patriarch of
Constantinople. For a time it was he who held Antonius and
the Dracon together, acting as the linchpin to the wheel they
set in motion through their dynamic opposition. Michael was
the balancing factor that alternately encouraged and curtailed


the activities of the two vampires. And they in turn centered
him. Antonius grounded him in reality, while the Dracon
reminded him of his dreams.

After Antonius died and the Dracon left, Michael, no
longer supported by either companion, began to display both
of their extremes. He became lost in dreams and incapable of
adapting to situations. In this aspect, Michael embodies the
chaos that grips the city in the 12th century.

Echoes of the Triumvirate still resound throughout
Constantinople, even though one of the Cainites has died,
one has left and one is delusional. The symbols are still there
—the Earth, the Dragon and the Angel—but Constantinople's
Cainite families are too blind to recognize and learn from them
except, perhaps, in nightmares.

It is unfortunate that Constantinople's contemporary
vampires do not recognize the symbolism of the city's founders,
for the Methuselahs' existence affects Cainite relations even
now. The number three occurs in certain alliances, it affects
the memberships of some scion families, and it is the number
of Quaesitors (or family judges) in the city. The number three
embodies Michael's delusional interpretation of the Father,
Son and Holy Ghost — Michael, Antonius and the Dracon.
Perhaps if Cainites look to their predecessors, they may realize
that a balance must be struck to save the city and restore its
grandeur.

THE BYZANTINE OUTLOOK

The citizens of Constantinople live in a society that's

radically different from that of Western Europe. New Rome's
richness and history surrounds its populace; the people are
descended from Augustus' empire. The citizens ofConstantinople
consider the rest of the world hinterland that pales by compari-
son — and for the most part they're right.

Byzantines are bound by the chains of a golden history,
but one that's tainted by blood and pride. The citizens of the
capital are surrounded by wealth, but live behind walls that
conceal the darkness that looms on the horizon. They turn a
blind eye to the decline of their city and cling to the memories
of a golden age. They go through the motions of life that their
forefathers established, and expect to maintain the same glory.

Yet, rather than feel devotion to the empire as a whole,
whether it is vibrant or on the decline, citizens of
Constantinople are inclined to remain most loyal to the lands
of their birth. Those raised in the city perceive even the rest
of the empire as a backwater. Those who come to
Constantinople from outlying regions in search of fortune or
power see the city as a destination and resource, but remain
true to their birthplaces. Many long to return to their home-
lands. Even the most ambitious politicians lament having to
work with those from other, obviously inferior, regions.

Moreso than Romans or mortal Cappadocians, Thracians
or Armenians, however, the children of Constantinople con-
sider themselves Christians. Matters of the spirit are as real to
them as matters of the world, if not more so. Eternity is


Tue Copex oF LEGACIES

Thou, Nature, art my goddess; to thy law

My services are bound.

— William Shakespeare, Kin@Lear

The Cainites of Constantinople do not follow Caine's
Six Traditions. Instead, byerthe centuriesand thanks to
the city's Brujah Tibonius, they have developed their
own sefiof laws and customs; the Codex of Legacies. The
basic pringiple of the Codex is the rule of the Trinity.
ThereisnoprinceinConstantinople; instead the Tzimisce,
Ventre and Toreador families jointly rule, Each family is
led by a pattiatch (although Michael is considered the
patriarch of all Constantifiople), who tuleshis family and
the scion families underieln the city'speriodic councils,
only the Trinity families ha¥e a say and.can decide on
courses@f aetion. Those Cainites who arendtipart of the
family,systém have no part in city affairs, All infractions
of the, Codex orgdisputes among (Trinity families are
resolved bY a panel of judges that consists ofa delegate
from ea¢h Trinity family, These, judges are.collectively
known/as the three Quaesitors.

The following are the dictates by which all Cainites
in Gonstantinople abide:

"he Vegacy of Trinity: "Of Three" isthe fale of
Constantinople. Only those Three can| voice' their
concerhs and setupon this Codex new laws. Itis also the
responsibility of theThree to ensure'that the concerns
of thesscions are heard.

‘he Legacy of Progeny: Only those of the Trinity are
free'tosire. Even.the scion families must petition the three
Quaesitors for perthission to sire. Failure to do so'teStlts in
destruction of the progeny and banishment of the sire.

Thhe Legacy of} Founding: Only the Three can
bequeath domain, just as the First Three foufided the city.
Cainites are grantéd domain uponthe' Embrace, if they
are to receivelaihy at all, and are responsible forénsuring
that the Codex 6f Legacies isenférced in their domains.

The Legacy of Shadows: The Three are masters of
the night, and hence mtist ruletin darkness. They must
be revered as divinities, but théir true nature should
never be revealedaJust.as the natur€ Of the Father, Son
and Holy Ghostisunknownj so mustthat of the Trinity.

The Legacy of Ashes#The destruction of a family
member is prohibitedyanless the Three condone it.
Violation of this legaéy results in a trial, after which
Final Death is inflicted upou the offender. Those not of
the families are not so/protected from harm.

Although these Legacies have existed since the
Second Council of A.D. 477, their observance has
declined by 1197. Cainitesiin the Latin Quarter pay lip
service to the laws; vampires artiving from across Eu-
rope consider the dictates archaic and unenforceable.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

believed to await beyond the grave and the Second Coming
rapidly approaches, so faith in the Son of God outweighs all
other concerns.

With the collapse of the sees of Jerusalem, Antioch and
Alexandria, only the Churches of Rome and Constantinople
remain to guard the souls of humanity. Those in the East see the
Western Church not as a religious brother, but as a distant
schismatic order that flouts the will of God. Heresies are not
tolerated by the Eastern Church, yet many exist, often melding
with regionalism. Bogomils infest the Balkans, but only when
such pagans enter Constantinople does conflict occur.

Small Muslim and Jewish communities survive in New
Rome, despite its claim to be the heart of Christendom. These
faiths — seen as inferior and alien, savage and murderous —
are tolerated only because of their isolation. Christians inter-
act with Jews and Muslims only when they have no choice, be
it because of their own poverty or because they desire some-
thing thatonly the infidels have. The city's Jewish and Muslim
communities are small but strong spheres where the preten-
sion of empire is forgotten and faith is practiced simply.

‘VAMpIRIC OUTLOOK

The Cainites of Constantinople are a varied and complex
breed, but most share a bond with the city. Given definition
by the founders of the three Trinity families, the city repre-
sents an attempt to forge a lasting civilization, and all those
who stalk its street by night are bound to this Dream. The
weight of tradition presses heavily on Constantinople's
Cainites, forcing them into modes of behavior and outlook
forged in the earliest days of the city. But the legacy of the city
is dying; even those who trace their blood back to its birth fight
to hold onto the Dream.

The future terrifies most Byzantine vampires. Signs of
collapse are all around— the churches are not as gold-laden as
they once were, the imperial court is in chaos, Venetian
traders dominate commerce, and the territories of the empire
are under constant threat of invasion — but to speak of such
things is to admit the fragility of the Dream, and thus is not
tolerated. Byzantine Cainites have become lost in their own
factions, unable to accept the coming collapse.

Foreign Cainites who inhabit the city, existing by the
grace of the Trinity or under the protection of Italian vam-
pires, are not so tied to the past and are not so intimidated by
the future. In the overcrowded Latin quarter, prophets of
doom rub shoulders with rapacious vultures who are ready to
feed on this most bloated of urban corpses. Meanwhile, the
friends and allies of Byzantine Cainites make ready to leave
the city behind, saddened that their comrades and loved ones
cannot do the same.


A

aay\\
0

wae

RELIGIONS OF BLoop

Like their mortal lessers, the Cainites of Constantinople
are profoundly religious. The Curse of Caine and the prophecy
of Gehenna are not abstract concepts or dim mythologies to
them, but realities they experience every night. As omens of
destruction continue to appear, more and more Cainites
pursue religious unlives.

The Gesudians, led by the Obertus Tzimisce Gesu, form
the oldest vampiric religious order in the city. Bearing monas-
tic trappings, the Gesudians teach a philosophy of purity
through an understanding of cruelty and suffering.

Those closest to Michael the Patriarch have come to
espouse worship of him as the Archangel Michael. According
to these Cainites, Michael, the master of the armies of God,
has come to bring about a literal Heaven on Earth.

The Dreamers, another religious sect of vampires, follow
the teachings of the mysterious Salubri vampire Achmet the
Dreamer. Insearch of Golconda, Achmet advocates a suppres-
sion of all physical urges for blood and an exploration of the
world of slumber and torpor.

And for their part, the Children of Calomena have
recently arrived from the Balkan hinterland, shattering the
trinity of blood-faiths. Made up of clanless Caitiff, these mad
prophets claim that the descendants of Caine are on the verge
of being destroyed by a wrathful holy mother.

How these sects interact will be decided by their desire to
preserve Constantinople and the empire. If they lack the
vision of the founding Three, the city will surely fall to
religious infighting. The mortal populace can only follow.



Ge keep a deovesy Emperor aveake:
Or set upon a golden bough to sing

To lords and ladies of Jayzentium

Of vohat is past, oc passing ov fo come.

- William Butler Yeats, "Sailing to
Byzentiurri

Sor most of those vwoho live in Constantinople,
beliewe their his fo have commenced vohen
Oxist gave his life ot their sins. Those voho bear
the curse of Caine in Vievo Rome, hovoececer, un
derstand that Constantinople was created as a
nevo entity, separate fromm Kome and the Cruci-
firion. They perceive their history as a rich and
frayed tapestey that teaces the Deearn of the
Teiumvicate.


OVERVIEW OF
CAINITE HISTORY

The history of Constantinople and its mortal denizens is
a long tale that spans more than eight centuries of both
ignorance and enlightenment. For the childer of Caine, how-
ever, much of the Byzantine era revolves around the
relationships between three vampires and their families. The
Toreador Michael, the Venttue Antonius'and the Tzimisce
Dracon built their Dream in the city, and their loves, hatreds
and crimes have shaped its course.

These three Methuselahs were lovers and allies for centu-
ties before the Christian Emperor Constantine arrived to show
them the way. To them, this devout and predatory ruler of the
mortal world embodied the virtues and sins of their kind.
Following his example, the three left Rome and looked to
Christianity to guide their attempts to create an immortal
legacy. Calling themselves the Triumvirate, Michael, Antonius
and the Dracon arrived in Constantine's city, determined to
help build a perfect and lasting civilization — a Heaven on
Earth.

In the early centuries, the three lovers cooperated and
divided spheres of influence among them, but resentment and
recrimination were not far afield. Michael, always the center of
the Triumvirate, took pleasure from the competition between
his lovers and did little to quell their rivalries. Antonius and the
Dracon fought an increasingly heated battle to gain Michael's
favor. In the sixth century, the Ventrue took advantage of a rise
in the authority of mortal emperors to strike at the Tzimisce,
passing edicts against the monastic orders that sheltered the
Dracon's kind. In return, the Dracon initiated the collapse of the
empire and aided in the spread of plagues, sending the Ventrue-
influenced dynasties into chaos and swelling the monasteries
with the penitent.

Michael, beautiful and vain, hoped to quell the anger of his
paramours by offering them a gift of two children, Gesu and
Symeon. Through this demonstration of utter and equal love, he
wished to reestablish the balance of the Triumvirate and the
Trinity of Cainite families that they had spawned. It was not to be.
Disaster and dark sentiments combined to make both children
Tzimisce and drove Antonius forever away from his lovers.
Takinga cue from mortal thinkers of the time —as the Three had

from Constantine centuries before — the Ventrue Methuselah
called for a vampiric Iconoclasm in which the blood-worship
encouraged by the Tzimisce would be eradicated and the childer
of Caine would fade into the shadows. The combination of mortal
and Cainite Iconoclast movements, and the powerful monastic
and Tzimisce opposition that existed to both of them, began to
tear the Byzantine Dream apart.

On a terrible night in A.D. 796, Michael and the Dracon
met with their childer and those Ventrue who opposed Icono-
clasm. Seeing no otheralternative, the Methuselahs sanctioned
the destruction of their lover Antonius. The deed was carried
out by the ambitious Caius, the Ventrue Methuselah's own
childe. For a few decades, order seemed restored as Caius took
his sire's place and Constantinople returned to prosperity, but
Antonius' murder could not be forgotten so easily.

For the Dracon it marked the end of his passion for the
Dream. The murder of his rival stood as a bloody reminder of his
own destructive power and he withdrew into his monasteries.
Finally, unable to bear the presence of ghosts of his own making,
and hoping to preserve the Dream by his very absence, he slipped
into the night and never returned. Michael paid a heavier price.
The Methuselah had been struggling against madness for centu-
ties; now his guilt plunged him into delusion. Sequestering
himself in the lavish Church of Hagia Sophia, the Toreador
believed himself to be a true angel, obsessed with bringing
Heaven to Earth. Even now, in torpor, his powerful psyche
reaches out across the city and casts many into religious roles, and
sows a terrible madness among his childer.

Itis the inheritors of the Triumvirate — the murderer Caius;
the Tzimisce Gesu and Symeon; and Petronius, the only childe
of Michael who has been spared madness — who have been left
with the task of holding the fragile Dream together. All, however,
are shackled by the legacy of their sires. Caius longs to take
Antonius' place as Michael's lover, but is forever denied by the
taintof murder; Gesu and Symeon spiral into mutual hatred in an
unconscious repetition of the unlivesofthe Draconand Antonius;
Petronius finds no shelter ftom the influence of his mad father
and is slowly dragged down.

At the close of the 12th century, the instruments of
Constantinople's destruction come in the form of Westerners
and Muslims (mortal and Cainite alike). Yet the roots of
destruction lie in the three powerful figures who built the
Dream on the foundation of their tarnished love.

The following is a timeline of Byzantine events both mortal
and Cainite.

circa 2100 B.C. The Toreador Antediluvian Embraces
Mi-ka-il in the city of Ebla.

The Cappadocian Byzar founds the
colony of Byzantium. Mi-ka-il (now
known as Beshter) visits the site.

circa 550 B.C.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

548 B.C.
309 B.C.

Beshter takes up residence in Rome.
Alexia Theusa visits Byzantium and is
Embraced by Byzar.

Beshter and the Ventrue Methuselah
Antonius become lovers.

58 B.C.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT


ANTONIUS THE. GAUE

Michael the Wandererfifst came toknowthe Ventrue
Methuselah Antonius ifthe déeades beforethe birthjof
Christ, when the Roman\Republic subjugated. Gaul. Em-
braced by the Ventrue Antediltiyian Several centuries
before, the powerful Gainite had long ruled the night asa
proud warlord amongthe tribes of the region. Whenhe saw
the Roman tide advaneing, however, he recognized(the
work of his clan and décided to,join in, the new, order.
Michael could hardly téistithe regal power.of she Gaul,
and Antonius was likewise'helpless beforeithe incompa-
rable beauty of Arikel's childe/Thé two gravitated toeach
other over the following yearsandbécamealli¢sandlovers.

When Michael became fascinated bythe new faith of
Christianity, itwas Antonitswhoprovidedtheadviceand
support that made efyisioning the Déeam possible. As
Michael became Jést'in wonder, Antonius proposed the
specifics of building a new and sttong empire. Their
relationship wasnotwithoutits pitfalls, though. The most
severe was the/aftival ofthe Tzintisce Dracon. This mu-
table creatiire Of passion and vision was an almost perfect
opposite to the pragmatic afid'sdlid, Antonius, and was
equally iftesistible,to/ Michael. Michael'soon became the
Wanderer' once again, travelingybétween the Roman
palaéeof Antoniusiind the Gypriot haven of the Dracon.

‘Antonius busied himself withthe task of forging a
néwempiré, ‘all thewhile' trying to regain Michael's
undivided attention. He was unable to do so and, once
NewRome was founded in the fourth century A.D., he
ttied/to take the largest part offit for himself. Even so,
Antonitis)resentment gtew into hatred and he fought a
desperate strugglé for supremacy over the Dracon.

In the seventh and eighth centuries, Antonius came
to e§pauise'a new philosophy for his kind. Following the
lead6fmortals whotejected theworship of icons, Antonius
called himself an Ieonoclast and lashed out against those
Cainites who practiced the worship of mortals. The Dracon
was the chief target of his ire, buthis callsfor secrecy and
hidingalso alienated him from hisfavorite childe, Septima
Dominica. Théiléonoelast'strugglés, in both the mortal
and vampiric spheres, eventually became so extreme that
they led to Antonius' own destruction.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

A.D. 65 Beshter Embraces the Roman satirist
Petronius.

A.D. 85 Beshter converts to Christianity and is
baptized as Michael.

A.D. 152 Michael encounters the Tzimisce
Dracon. The two become lovers.


THE DrAcon

Michael the Wanderer never learned the true origins
of his fMost.enigmatic and potent lover, the Tzimisce
DraconaReputedly the first childe of the Fiends' Antedi-

thuselah expressed his clan's philosophy of

tio other, Not content to transform only his

body, he saw himself as an agent of metamorphosis for the

world. Tht@ugh thé power of philosophy and passion, he
initiaéd the,rise and fall of kinedOms and béliefs.

Michael and the Dracon metdurinig one of Michael's
journeys t6| the' isle of Cyprus in the second century A. D.,

Antonius' logic and pragmatism cut at

heart. He in turn lashedjout at the

‘was often encouraged by Michael. This

ied devastating heightsiin Constantinople

as the Dracon, attempted to desttoy allthat Antonius
had built. Tewas only after the Ventriie was killed by his
paramours' Sanction thavthe Tzimisce lord fully realized
that he had loved Antonius as muchas he did Michael.
Soon after the terrible crime, the Dracon left the city.

ANCIENT BYZANTIUM

The history of Constantinople and the Byzantine Empire
does not begin in A.D. 330, but almost a thousand years before
with the foundation of a small Greek colony in the sixth
century B.C. As Cainite legend has it, the colony was estab-
lished by the Cappadocian Byzar, who led a small group of
followers from the Greek city of Megara to the paradise of the
Golden Horn. Thanks to its natural harbor, Byzantium be-
came a leading port and trading post between the Greek
city-states and Asia. Although the colony had the potential
for greatness, it was never allowed to blossom. Instead it
became a prize to be contested between the warring city-states
of Athens and Sparta.

Byzantium changed hands between the Spartansand Athe-
nians for three centuries, until it won its freedom. Each conquest
nearly destroyed the city, but it always managed to survive and
was rebuilt. This cycle of destruction and renewal continued
into Roman times when, for the final time before Constantine's
arrival, the colony was razed to the ground. During the civil war
between Lucius Septimius Severus and Pescennius Niger,
Byzantium — now paying tribute to Rome — decided to side
with Niger, hoping to earn its independence once and for all.
Unfortunately, Septimus Severus destroyed the city in retribu-
tion, effectively spelling the end of ancient Byzantium, but
paving the way for Michael's Dream to become a reality.

In the shadows of night, Byzar and most of his followers
vanished, leaving only the Cappadocian Alexia Theusa to
witness the sack of the city. Refusing to implicate herselfin the
affairs of the other clans, she stood back as the Lasombra
Ectoris arrived from Rome to claim Byzantium as his own.
Ectoris used polytheistic cults to ensnare the rebuilt city, but
steered clear of Alexia, sensing the blood of Byzar in her.

THE COMING OF
CONSTANTINE
AND New RoME
(A.D. 196 - 476)

In Hoc Signo Vinces

(In this sign you will conquer)

— A heavenly message seen by Emperor Constantine

It was not long after the reign of Emperor Diocletian — and
the rapid stratification of Rome — that the Methuselah Michael
and his companion Antonius the Gaul made their decision to
move elsewhere. They left the Eternal City of Rome asit withdrew
from the world around it, and sought the company of the Cypriot
Tzimisce Dracon to realize their Dream ofa new and better society.
The three knew, however, that the moment to act had not yet
come; they awaited an omen which would proclaim the right time.

Antonius was the first to become aware of a new and
ambitious general named Constantine, who was said to be
touched by God. The three Methuselahs observed the general as
he made his bid for imperial power and as he heeded his mother's

Roman Emperor Septimus Severus razes
Byzantium duringa civil war with Pescenius
Niger. During the assault, Alexia Theusa
ambushes Byzar and the city's
Cappadocians, sending them into torpor.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY
A.D. 312

Constantine the Great, during his bid to
become Roman emperor, battles his rival
Maxentius outside Rome. Michael,
Antonius and the Dracon now call them
selves the Triumvirate.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT


advice to become a follower of the Nazarene prophet Jesus
Christ. In Michael's mind, Constantine was the greatest mortal
he had known. The mortal seemed to embody the divine and
predatory, both Abel and Caine, and Michael realized that
Constantine's fate was intertwined with his own. But, apprehen-
sive of approaching the man for fear of corrupting him, the
Methuselahs could only watch his progress.

Meanwhile, the Roman Empire's old-guard Ventrue and
Malkavian lords, unprepared for Constantine's imperial coup,
desperately attempted to counter him by backing Maxentius,
an upstart who had no real claim to the throne. In their
blindness, the vampire lords saw Constantine as a pawn of
Michael and hoped to prevent the three Methuselahs from
controlling the next ruler of the Roman empire.

In October of A.D. 312, Constantine and Maxentius met in
battle a few miles northeast of Rome. It was during this engage-

ment that Constantine received his legendary vision. As the
battle raged, he saw an image of the cross in the setting sun. It
bore the inscription In Hoc Signo Vinces. Inspired by this divine
sign, he routed Maxentius' army and practically ensured his seat
as emperor. Michael wept tears of blood during the battle; the
image of a burning cross appeared in his dreams and, to him,
represented the divinity that he was forever denied.
Constantine's position was finally secured with the defeat
of Lincinius near Byzantium in A.D. 324. Rome's Ventrue and
Malkaviansreluctantly acquiesced tohisrise. The Methuselahs
knew the time to build their Dream had finally come.
Constantine left his mark on the empire and history itself
by rebuilding Byzantium and calling it Nova Roma. Michael
and his lovers traveled to the holy site to forge their Dream.
Constantine believed that Rome's Republican and pagan
traditions had no place in the Christian empire he was creat-

A.D. 324 Constantine defeats Lincinius near
Byzantium, cementing his claim to the
imperial throne.

A.D. 326 Constantine founds New Rome on thesite
of Byzantium (later to be called Constan-
tinople). The Triumvirate leaves Rome to

take up residence in the new capital.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY
A.D. 329

Constantine's lieutenant Caius is
Embraced by Antonius.

A.D. 330
A.D. 337

NewRomebecomestheempire'snewcapital.
Constantine the Great dies. The Triumvi-
rate holds the First Council. Magnus, a
local Lasombra, pledges himself to the
service of Michael.

CHAPTER TWO: HISTORY


ing, and Michael followed his lead. Although pagans were
allowed in Constantine's great city, steps were taken to reduce
their influence. At the behest of Michael, and using his
influence upon Constantine's lieutenant Caius, Antonius had
the cities of the empire ransacked for works of art, most coming
from pagan temples, for the purpose of adorning the new city.
Constantine took this a step further and had these items
displayed outside their traditional shrines, where they had no
power over their worshipers, thus assuring the prominence of
Christianity.

As the new city grew, so did Roman resentment of it; the seat
of the empire was moved to Constantinople. Constantine did his
best to appease his subjects' worries, but Michael, the Dracon and
Antonius made noattempttoreconcile with Rome's Ventrue lords,
whom they considered relics of the past. Indeed, the early years of
Constantinople werea grand time forthe Triumvirate. The city was

theirs and their mortal inspiration did his holy work in their midst;
the moment of glory was upon them. They privately referred to this
period as the Augustian Years.

The only challenge to the Triumvirate's success came
from the Lasombra brood of Ectoris; the lord refused to cede his
place of prominence to Michael. The Triumvirate remained
content to protect Constantine from Ectoris, as the emperor
purged paganism from the city and undercut the Lasombra. To
assure the emperor's safety and to reward the emperor's lieu-
tenant Caius for his services, Antonius Embraced Caius in
A.D. 329.

In A.D. 337 Constantine died after having Christianized
his empire, forged a city that would last for centuries, and paved
the way for the Dream of Michael. When its divine icon was laid
to rest, the Triumvirate sat down and began a lengthy set of
discussions aimed at shaping the future of the city. These

A.D. 476

A.D. 477 The Second Council is held, forming the
Trinity system of families. The Lasombra

of Magnus and a group of Roman Brujah

BYZANTINE Cr
Rome falls to the barbarian Odoacer.
Cainite refugees begin to arrive in
Constantinople.

HRONOLOGY

known as Lexor are made scions.

Antonius extends protection to
Alexia Theusa.

Michael invites the Follower of Set
Khay'tall to found a scion family.

A.D. 489

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT


meetings came to be known as the First Council. Guided by the
example of the fallen emperor, the Three confirmed their
decision to make Christianity the keystone of a new empire.

This decision was ratified when Magnus, a childe of the
Lasombra Ectoris, presented his staked sire to Michael asa gift.
Ectoris was dispatched and Magnus and his brood were given
the responsibility of overseeing Constantinople's clergy, leav-
ing the monastic orders to the Tzimisce. The Triumvirate
could not foresee that Magnus' jealous hold on power would
help widen the division between the Churches of East and
West in the centuries to come, resulting a schism that would
ultimately tear the Dream asunder.

THE INCONNU
Welleavesthe Eternal City because its heart has-long
since ceasedibeating. It dies — and you,the lords ofa once-
glorious ¢ity,jhidein its shadows, los¢'m a maze of your own
construction" When our kind looks back to thesé times, to
the deathvof yet ahother era, they will see Your accomplish-
ments énd. wonder' what went wrong. But never, as you
conceal yourselves , will theyyknow who was responsible, to
whom praise or condemnation should be addressed. Your
deeds, 'both great ‘and vile will:be lost to posterity, and all

they will call Nou. will be. the Incognitus.
—Michael's last'speechrto the Cainites of Rome on

the eve of his departure

THE FALL

OF THE WEST
(ALD, 476 - 518)

As the dream of Michael and his Triumvirate grew in the
East, Rome was dealt blow after blow, finally falling to the
barbarian Odoacer in A.D. 476.

Michael and his cohorts held the Second Council in A.D.
477 to deal with the consequences of Rome's collapse. Until
that time, Constantinople, though considered the domain of
the Triumvirate, had been open to other vampires. As Cainite
refugees flooded in from the West, however, the decision was

made to cutties to the past. The Triumvirate decided that only
those who shared their vision for the future would be allowed
to stay. They promptly closed the city to those not of their
blood and exiled most others (although the Cappadocian
Alexia Theusa, who had forgeda friendship with both Antonius
and his childe Caius, was granted protection by the Ventrue).

It was the Second Council that created the Trinity system,
in which each member of the Triumvirate became the head of a
family responsible for one aspect of the Dream. Based on the
Christian Trinity, the system cast the Michaelite Toreador in the
symbolic role of the Father, guiding the Dream with their holy
vision and power in the Church. The Antonian Ventrue repre-
sented the Son, assuring the Dream's success through their
pragmatic influence in the mortal and imperial spheres. The
Dracon's Tzimisce —taking the name "Obertus," or "hidden" —
assumed the role of the Holy Ghost, responsible for the esoteric
philosophy of enlightenment that fueled the Dream, best exem-
plified by the monastic ordersamong which the Cainites hid. The
Magnus Lasombra became the first of the scion families—having
gained status under the Toreador —and seta precedent for others
to be allowed to live in the city.

Many Roman factions petitioned for scion status, but only
the Lexor Brujah lawmakers received it. Unlike others, these
vampiric guardians of Roman law and tradition had committed
themselves to supporting Michael's Dream. Having arrived
bearing copies of the laws of Rome, their leader Tribonius
pledged to formalize and organize the mortal and Cainite codes
of the new capital. The Lexor were recognized as scions of the
Antonian Ventrue. The others, as well as those already in
Byzantium who refused to bow to the new order, were forbidden
to enter the city again. With no other place to go, many
surrendered to the dawn outside the city gates.

The West was allowed to rest in barbarian hands while
Antonius established a firm position overseeing the halls of
temporal power. The Michaelite-Obertus division of the city's
religious sphere was more problematic, though. While the lovers
agreed to a theoretical division of influence, with Michael over-
seeing clerical authority and dogma and the Dracon fostering the
mystic monastic orders, the division between these realms was
unclear and conflict proved unavoidable. The struggle between
clergy and monks was worsened by the rise of the Monophysite
heresy. This mortal movement claimed an entirely divine nature
for Christ and rejected the dual nature emphasized by Orthodoxy.

A.D. 518 Justin I becomes emperor under the guid-
ance of his nephew Justinian and the
Ventrue Antonius.

A.D. 527-555 Justinian becomes emperor and expands
Byzantium's territories into North Africa

and Italy. The Trinity system of families

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

is spread across the empire. The monas
teries overseen by the Dracon's Obertus
Tzimisce are severely regulated.

Hagia Sophia, the greatest Christian
temple, is completed in Constantinople.
Michael takes up residence.

CHAPTER TWO: HISTORY


Tue MApNEss oF DAWN
It is a night several moriths dfter the Second Council of
which I speak. Theedagkness on thé*Egnatian Way was all-
(vith the gifts of Caine upon.me, I heard
‘ontians Before ISawthemy: As reached out
Gl distinguishéd a motley Poot _

7 ep arate ei,

laiientation With a terrible mnocence

lefeof ry soul. Rushingtothe wall, Fealled
"Against this wavef the Darined.

allnight. I blocked my eyesaiid ears

Could well imagine the\cursed avtetches

fole bodies against the timber of thé*gates.

"aspikeof madnessinto my son, and waited

one brief
the walls. The ger aascte Tong been cleansed
from the gates, butithey,still-fmd-echoes in my mind.

—From the testiffiony of Petronius, childe of Michael

The heresy also served national interests, sparking anti-imperial
movements in Egypt and Syria which Antonius, at least, believed
to be Setite-inspired.

Michael played on Antonius' conviction in A.D. 489
when he presented to his lovers the Setite Khay'tall and
requested that he be recognized as the leader of a new scion
family of the Toreador. The Ventrue leader acquiesced to the
demand, hoping to gain Michael's favor; the Dracon withdrew
without comment or opposition. Antonius felt confident that
he had won Michael to his side once and for all.

THE ERA OF
JUSTINIAN
(A.D. SI8 ~ 565)

The rivalry between the Dracon and Antonius grew as
the years passed — often encouraged by Michael, who relished

the sight of his lovers competing for his favor. The Tzimisce
Dracon was the first to tire of these games and told Michael of
his displeasure. The Toreador patriarch reacted coldly, and
the city's Tzimisce found themselves isolated as the Ventrue
and Toreador grew closer. Antonius, now glorious in Michael's
favor, was able to advance his plan for a truly great empire to
match the Triumvirate's Dream.

Antonius' instrument for growth was an ambitious poli-
tician from Thrace named Justinian. Reigning first through
his uncle Justin and then as true emperor, Justinian led
Byzantium to prosperous growth — North Africa and Italy
were taken from the barbarians who had stripped them from
Rome. Revolts in the capital and its territories were sup-
pressed, and the Brujah completed their task of codifying the
laws of mortals and Cainites alike, presenting the Codex of
Legacies to the capital. The system of reigning vampiric
families established in the city was spread across the empire as
powerful Cainites were given imperial charters to various
regions. Septima Dominica, Antonius' favorite childe ‘and
companion since the nights of Rome, acted as praetorian
prefect for the Ventrue, becoming the intermediary between
the provincial Cainites and Constantinople. Under her watch-
ful eye, Gangrel warlords were granted recognition in Anatolia
and the Balkans, while the Lasombra assumed positions of
authority in Egypt and Libya.

The Toreador and Ventrue also collaborated in a restructur-
ing of the Church that served the interests of both. While Michael
and his progeny were allowed to continue spreading a popular
religion across the land — one especially rife with stories of saints
and holy men, who became the subjects of worship and admiration
— monasteries were severely regulated, cutting into Tzimisce
power. The greatest symbol of the new bond between Antonius
and Michael was the construction of the great Hagia Sophia, the
Church of the Holy Wisdom, the largest and most lavish of all
Christian temples in Byzantium.

The end of Justinian's rule saw the collapse of Antonius'
plans. The empire had expanded farther than its resources could
support, and much of Italy was lost to barbarians while Persia rose
from the East. The specter of plague also swept across the empire,
decimating the population of the capital and many provinces.
When the graveyards were filled, bodies were piled in abandoned
templesuntil they reached the ceilings. Antonius, certain that the
problems of "his" empire could be traced to the Dracon, refused to

A.D. 555-565 —_Justinian's rule ends in chaos as
Constantinople's outlying territories
begin to be wrested away. Plagues
the empire.

Plagues repeatedly strike Constantinople,
allegedly spread by the Dracon.

eaken

A.D. 565-600

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

A.D. 566 Antonius Embraces Belisarius, Justinian's
leading general.

Antonius' mortal rival Narses seeks out
an Italian Lasombra and is Embraced.
Narses is made responsible for the Italian

territories of the empire.

A.D. 579

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT


pay close enough attention to his own affairs. He allowed a
dangerous rivalry to grow between two powerful kine functionar-
ies: the great general Belisarius and the powerful chamberlain
Narses. Both men knew Antonius as Justinian's "advisor," but the
Ventrue Embraced only Belisarius. Narses was abandoned to die
as all mortals do, but refused to cede eternity to his old rival.
Having pierced much of the thin veil that hid the true nature of
Antonius, the aged chamberlain made his way to Italy and
uncovered a Lasombra enclave. Embraced and victorious, he
reappeared in Byzantium in the next century to claim the charter
for the portion of imperial Italy that had withstood the barbarians.

AA Time oF DARKNESS
(ALD, 565 - 690)

The centuries following Justinian's death were a dark
time for the people of Constantinople; plagues, threats of
invasion and the tyrannical reign of Emperor Phocas de-
stroyed most of what Justinian — and Antonius — had
created. The bubonic plague, which struck the city time and
time again, reduced its population by almost one-half, and
many survivors chose to leave the city in favor of safer
settlements. These events paralleled and were often inspired
by struggles within the Triumvirate.

Throughout Justinian'srule and hisambitious reconquest of
the West, Michael's favoritism for Antonius forced the Dracon
to take a secondary role in the city he helped create. Tzimisce-

controlled monasteries were hit particularly hard by Justinian's
reforms, and this angered the Dracon. When the tides of plague
swept into the city, the Fiend made his presence felt. Using the
remaining power of the monasteries, he led the mortal popula-
tion tobelieve that the disease wasa sign of holy displeasure. The
chaos this caused depleted the manpower that Antonius re-
quired to accomplish his imperial ambitions, stifling any further
dreams of conquest. Worse still, Antonius was no longer able to
guard against the rise of incompetent and mad emperors, and so
a succession of weak leaders donned the purple mantle. The
culmination of this was the
A.D. 602.

Phocas' claim to the throne came by force, and in the
eight years of his rule a dark and sinister shadow shrouded
Constantinople. Historically remembered for his love of cru-
elty and violence, Phocas introduced the use of torture to the

cension of the dreaded Phocas in

capital, sending his enemies to slow and painful deaths. As

Phocas' reign continued, the empire degenerated into anar-
chy. Antonius tried to regain control, allowing his childer to
sire progeny for the first time and keep them in Constantinople.
Septima, praetorian prefect for the Ventrue, took advantage of
this freedom and Embraced Nicepherus, a ghoul she had kept
for several decades. Caius also took the opportunity to Em-
brace a magistrate named Epirus. The Dracon nevertheless
maintained his grip on the city.

Although the Dracon had effectively robbed
Constantinople of its glory, that was not his plan. In A.D. 610,
Heraclius, a descendant of an Akoimetai monk and follower


of the Dracon, dethroned Phocas and began the slow process
of recovering what had been lost. It had never been the
Dracon's ambition to destroy the Trinity's Dream, but rather
tohelp mold and contribute to it —at the same time teaching
Antonius and Michael not to marginalize him.

Throughout the seventh century the empire's monastic
orders grew in both power and influence. Many important
men and common folk took tonsure, hoping to escape the
uncertainty pervading the empire. As the influence of the
Dracon and his Akoimetai grew, so did the worship of icons,
purportedly mystic representations of Christ and the saints,
but often images of the Tzimisce Methuselah's many forms.

The growing dominance of the monastic orders, and the
Dracon's own concerns over the rise of Islam, resulted ina project
that eventually became the Obertus Tzimisce's hidden Library of
the Forgotten. In the first quarter of the seventh century, the

Akoimetai monks began the lengthy task of transcribing and
safeguarding numerous volumes of ancient lore and knowledge,
many of which came from the Great Library of Alexandria. This
project was originally envisioned by the Dracon as his greatest
contribution to the Dream; by transplanting the lore of Alexan-
dria he would turn Constantinople into the greatest seat of
knowledge in the world. Although his monks successfully tran-
scribed and relocated a number of precious volumes, an even
larger number of books were lost in A.D. 642 when Alexandria
fell to the Arabs.

The same wave of Arab conquest that took Egypt also
stripped all of North Africa and the Levant from the empire,
severing ties with many of the provincial Cainite families
established in Justinian's time. Antonius' childe Belisarius, by
this time a Ventrue prefect in charge of much of North Africa,
failed to return from his station and was thought destroyed.

BYZANTINE
Phocas becomes emperor, beginning a
reign of terror.

A.D. 602
A.D. 604 Antonius' childe Septima Dominica
Embraces her servant Nicepherus. Caius
Embraces a magistrate named Epirus.

CHRONOLOGY

A.D. 610 Heraclius becomes emperor and renews
the power of the monasteries, ensuring
the Tzimisce power base.

A.D. 620 The Akoimetai monks serving the
Dracon begin transcribing the contents

of the Great Library of Alexandria.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT


THE Fires OF ALEXANDRIA

It was asad sight. I stood, unable to act, and watched
from our ship as the flames licked the delicately bound
leather and parchment belonging to the Great Library.
Even from our distéince I could see the figures of monks,
some of them in\flames) mmninginiand out of the building
trying ta Save whatwas humanity's grearést\accomplish-
ment. They sacrificedthemselves; carrying what scrolls and
boundpblumes they could with their burned hands Many
of them-tere consumed along with their books: Above
thems-thesnightsky consuinéd the smoke, the only testament
to knowledge forever lost; Around me: gray~ahes fell,
bearing incomprehensible portions of thought; Henew as we
sailed away, toward Constantinople, that adark epoch was
beginning.Jt way the dawning of the-Beernal Night.

—Spoken by the Keeper of the Faith to her Watchers

When European holdings also fell during the same period, the
Lasombra Narses cut ties with the capital and established himself
as lord of the small trading city of Venice.

THE AGE OF
ICONOCLASM
(A.D, 690 - 867)

The divisions within the Triumvirate were felt most keenly
by Michael the Patriarch. As his lovers fought a deadly battle for
supremacy, and he watched his Dream fracture, he heard the first
whispers of madness. Determined to restore his heavenly king-
dom, he sought symbol of the unity that he longed for. He found
it in two children. They were the young sons of a Byzantine
magistrate who was preparing to take tonsure. The brothers Gesu
and Symeon exemplified the best qualities of Michael's lovers. In
Gesu, the divine touch of knowledge and enlightenment spoke
of the ancient wisdom of the Dracon. In Symeon, a cold and
powerful ambition tempered by reason and subtlety recalled the
best qualities of Antonius.

Unlike the two Cainites, however, the kine children were
united on a deep spiritual level; each depended on and
supported the other, each a half of a greater whole. Using

mortal intermediaries, Michael became the guardian of the
brothers and presented them to his companions as gifts. Each
would raise his child asa successor and symbol of the unity that
would ensure the success of the Dream. The beauty and eerie
lack of fear in the children inspired the Triumvirate — always
keenly aware of the power of omens —and fora few brief years
peace reigned in Constantinople.

The first sign that harmony was not to last came in A.D.
701, one year before the eldest, Gesu, was to be Embraced. An
envoy of the Tzimisce Antediluvian traveled to New Rome
and pleaded with the Dracon not to Embrace his promised
child, for the act was seen as an omen of ill portent by the
Fiends' seers. This was a grave warning indeed; the Obertus
Tzimisce's emphases on monasticism and Christianity, a hu-
man religion, were seen as heresy in the eyes of his clan, yet
here he was being warned by his kind. The Dracon ignored the
warning and once and for all rejected his kind, leading to a
bloody war between the Tzimisce factions — a war that
continues in the late 12th century.

The Dracon Embraced his promised child — and was
shocked to see Gesu fall into a deep torpor. Convinced that his
clan was responsible, the Methuselah hunted his brethren in the
Carpathians. While the Dracon was away, Michael's sanity
continued to fray and further chaos ensued. Symeon refused to
leave his brother's side, despite Antonius' warnings that what-
ever had cursed Gesu might ensnare him as well. In A.D, 703,
shortly after the Dracon's return to Constantinople, the slumber-
ing Gesu had an angelic vision, woke from his torpor and
Embraced his loyal brother — stripping Antonius of his gift.
Michael called the Third Council in 704 to resolve the matter,
but no conclusion was reached.

In the aftermath of the Third Council, Antonius, embit-
tered by the loss of Symeon and sickened by the
now-omnipresent worship of icons as fostered by the Tzimisce,
plotted against the Dracon and his childer. To help his cause
Antonius oversaw the rise of the Syrian Leo III from peasant
to emperor in A.D. 717.

Neither the Dracon, Gesu nor Symeon contested
Antonius' new bid for power, content as they were with the
current development of the monastic ideal and icon worship
in Byzantine society. Alll this changed in A.D. 726, however,
when Leo III, after reclaiming some of the territory lost in the
last few centuries, ordered the destruction of the largest icon

The Akoimetia monk Gregory is
Embraced by an Alexandrian Ravnos.
Gregory is adopted by the Antonian
Ventrue.

Alexandria falls to the Arabs and the
Great Library is burned to the ground.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

A.D. 660 Narses cuts ties with Constantinople and
tules independently from Venice.

To mend the rift between Antonius and
the Dracon, Michael presents each with
‘one of two young brothers, Gesu and
Symeon, to raise and Embrace.

A.D. 689

CHAPTER TWO: HISTORY


in Constantinople (a vast golden icon of Christ, which actu-
ally depicted the Dracon). The act inspired the mortal
Iconoclast (image-breaker) movement.

Both Leo III and his son Constantine V undertook cam-
paigns aimed at stamping out the worship and veneration of
icons, which they and certain members of the Eastern Church
saw as sacrilegious. Monastic orders bore the brunt of Icono-
clasm, as a number of monasteries were razed, their many
beautiful icons and numerous books destroyed. Their monks
were ridiculed, tortured and often killed outright. Many who
partook in the Iconoclast movement did not disapprove of the
worship of icons, but objected to the strength and power that the
monasteries had acquired.

In the shadows, Antonius put forth his own brand of
Iconoclasm which called fora rigorous concealment of Cainite
nature and an end to all forms of blood-worship among the
kine. This was a direct attack on the icons of the Tzimisce, but
italsodrovea wedge between Antoniusandhis childe Septima.
She did not support her sire's vendetta.

The animosity between the Ventrue and Tzimisce only
increased as a several Old Country Tzimisce joined in the
persecution of the Akiometai monks and their Cainite lords.
Isolated Akiometai monasteries in the Balkans and Greece
were gutted. By the 760s, the Obertus had been dealt a harsh
blowand many thought Antonius would soon put an end to his
vendetta. But Antonius' hatred and conviction blinded him
and he continued to take bold steps to eradicate the icons, out
of repulsion for the Tzimisce and a belief that vampires should
be the hidden masters of humanity, not eternal saints.

The Ventrue patriarch failed to see the consequences of
banning icons. Asa result of the Iconoclast dictates of Leo III
and Constantine V, the rift between the Eastern and Western
Churches widened, much to the delight of the Magnus
Lasombra (icons continued to be venerated in the West).
Even worse, Michael and the Dracon realized that Iconoclasm
was tearing Byzantine society apart. Something had to be done
before all was lost.

In A.D. 796, Michael and the Dracon called the secret
Fourth Council to resolve the issue of Iconoclasm. Michael
teceived the Nosferatu Malachite as a scion family of his
Toreador, but most of the council concerned itself with the
fate of Antonius. Septima and Caius, attending covertly,
proposed a final solution to the problem: the destruction of

their sire. Michael and the Dracon were reluctant to eliminate
their companion, but the younger Ventrue argued that no
other resolution was possible; the division between Antonius
and the Dracon was too great. The Methuselahs finally agreed
and Caius staked Antonius before dawn one December morn-
ing.

Caius was recognized as the new head (or Basileus) of the
Ventrue family. The mortal empress Irene, ruling on behalf of
her son Constantine VI, restored religious icons soon thereaf-
ter. Septima assumed the position of Caius' advisor and
Embraced hersecond childe Ducasasasymbol of her increased
power. Notall was well, though. Michael and the Dracon both
felt for the death of Antonius and retreated into isolation.
Caius, who had hoped to take up a position beside Michael,
was rejected and allowed a second bout of mortal Iconoclasm
to rear its head. This rise temporarily snapped Michael out of
his reverie. In a bold move to restore order the patriarch
himself took power in the guise of Emperor Michael III, and
ushered in the greatest era of his Dream.

THe MacEDONIAN
(GLORY
(A.D. 867 - 1025)

With the conflicts of Iconoclasm finally resolved, the
Trinity of families — now led by Michael, the Dracon and
Caius — was finally able to cooperate to promulgate the
Dream. Each family operated in its own sphere and the
rivalries of the past were suppressed to allow a margin of peace
in the city.

In A.D. 888, the Dracon announced to Michael his
decision to leave Constantinople. Some Tzimisce claim he
saw the darkness that was to come and fled from it. Others
posit that he never recovered from the murder of Antonius,
whom he simultaneously hated and loved. A handful of
Cainite scholars now claim that the Dracon sought to preserve
the greatness of the Dream by removing his destructive pres-
ence. Regardless, the Fifth Council met in A.D. 890 and
recognized Gesu and Symeon as the Dracon's legitimate
successors, granting them his full powers. The Cappadocian
Alexia Theusa also requested and received family status under

The Dracon Embraces Gesu. Gesu falls
into a deep torpor.

Rising from torpor, Gesu Embraces
Symeon, enraging Antonius.

The Third Council is held to resolve the
matter of Symeon's Embrace, but no reso-
lution is reached.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

AD. 717 Leo III becomes emperor under the
watchful eye of Antonius.

Leo III launches Iconoclasm, calling for the
destruction of all religious icons. Antonius
calls for a Cainite Iconoclasm, aimed at the
Tzimisce practice of blood-worship. Byzan-
tine society is divided.

A.D. 726

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT


the Antonian Ventrue. The three families found themselves
united for the first time since the fall of Rome, and their Dream
prospered.

Operating with the support of his allies, Caius was able to
oversee a succession of strong emperors, forming the new
Macedonian dynasty and reconquering territories in the East
and West. Antioch was recaptured and the Muslims pushed
back from much of Asia Minor. The Balkans were also brought
under imperial control, thanks to Toreador and Tzimisce
efforts at Christianizing the inhabitants.

Yet all was not well. The destruction of Antonius and
departure of the Dracon hastened Michael's long fall into
insanity, and the Patriarch increasingly felt the call of torpor.
During his increasingly frequent periods of slumber, his pow-
erful psyche was still at work and began to capture the minds
of his followers; a Cainite and kine cult of the Archangel
Michael formed.

Among the Ventrue, power and prestige brought in-
trigue. In A.D. 1001 Septima Dominica was destroyed by
witch-hunters, and Caius lost his most valuable asset in his
tule of the Antonian. The family soon degenerated into a
tangled mesh of competing interests, and by the end of the
Macedonian period Caius barely managed to play one faction
against another.

The Obertus Tzimisce, meanwhile, faced a renewed threat
from their Carpathian clanmates. Those of the Old Country
sought vengeance on the progeny of the Dracon and were
determined to stamp out the monastic "heresy" promulgated
by Gesu. To do so they incited armies of Bulgars and Hungar-
ians to lash out at the empire.

And to make matters worse, much of the recently recon-
quered empire rebelled. The Cainite and mortal masters of
these restored lands believed that their power stemmed from
the land, not from the sanction of Constantinople. The family
system of Cainite control that had spread during Justinian's
tule became but a memory in most corners of the empire,
replaced by an aristocratic system of independent Cainite
lords.

And yet, to their credit, the original Trinity families refused
toblameeach other for their problemsand soughtto rebuild. The
Ventrue set out to restore the family system and power of
Constantinople by shattering the semifeudal mortal aristocracy
of Anatolia and its Cainite masters. This campaign was spear-

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY
A.D. 796 The Fourth Council is held. The Mala-

chite Nosferatu are made scions of the

Toreador. Caius and Septima propose
Antonius' destruction. Michael and
the Dracon acquiesce.

Caius becomes Basileus ofthe Antonian
Ventrue with Septima as his second.


headed by Nicepheros' childe Lyserosanda converted Anatolian
Cainite known as Isaac the Hermit. The Toreador, for their part,
used the new unity of their Orthodox faith to reinforce their
conflict with the Western Church. The Lasombra Magnus'
vision of subjugating the Western Church took hold of the
Michaelites, laying the groundwork for the final schism between
the two sees. The Obertus Tzimisce encouraged the evangeliza-
tion of the Slavs and supported the war with the Bulgars in an
attempt to lash out at the Tzimisce's Carpathian ene

By the beginning of the 11th century, however, each family
was so preoccupied by the minutia of the Dream that the empire was
again jeopardized. As Michael plunged ever deeper into torpid
delusions, Caius, Symeon and Magnus (now acting for Michael)
collaborated in campaigns of conquest in the West and in the
destruction of the Anatolian aristocracy. Little did they realize that
insodoing they exposed the empire once again to the Muslim threat

that had taken Egypt and the Levant 400 years before. With the
death of Basil II in A.D. 1025, the empire's Macedonian apogee
degenerated into dynastic crises and military failures.

THE First DECLINE
(A.D. 1025 - 108D

The childer of the Triumvirate were unable to assure a
smooth transfer of power after the death of Basil II. Byzantium
suffered from a w

family to use imperial candidates.as weapons against its opponents.
During this time the empire was threatened fromall sides. From the
north, the Bulg: Tzimisce leaders rose up against
Byzantine authority. To the west, Sicilian Normans believed the

A.D. 842-867 To restore order, Michael rules directly
as Emperor Michael III.

The Dracon leaves Constantinople.
The Fifth Council is held and recognizes
GesuandSymeonasleadersofthe Tzimisce.
Michael begins to feel the pull of madness
and torpor, leavingnightly tasksto Petronius.

A.D. 888
A.D. 890

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY
A.D. 1001

Septima Dominica is destroyed by
witch-hunters.

A.D. 1071 The Seljuk Turks defeat the imperial
army at Manzikert, stripping Byzantium
of most of Asia Minor.

The Sixth Council is held and Belisarius

returns to a position of power.

A.D. 1073

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT


empire ripe for conquest. It was the Seljuk Turks, however, who
crushed the imperial army and took most of Asia Minor at the
battle of Manzikert in A.D. 1071.

Soon thereafter, the vanished Belisarius returned to
Constantinople and petitioned to gather a council to deal with
the empire's woes. The Sixth Council of A.D. 1073 sanctioned
the return of Belisarius and judged Lyseros and Isaac the Hermit,
who had destroyed the Anatolian aristocracy without properly
preparing defense against the Turks. The two were condemned
to Final Death. This same council is also remembered by the
Cainites of Constantinople as the first in which no members of
the original Triumvirate were present — Antonius had been
destroyed, the Dracon was gone and Michael was in torpor.

THE COMNENI AND
THE CRUSADES
(A.D. 1081 - 1180)

As part of his plan to restore the empire, Belisarius guided the
tise of ambitious general Alexius Comnenus to the imperial throne
with the support of Caius and the Obertus brothers. Unfortunately,
the resources of the weakened state were not enough to fulfill
Belisarius' plans and he was forced to seek aid elsewhere. In the
Seventh Council of A.D. 1081, Caius and Belisarius presented their
proposal to obtain the support they needed. Caius proposed an
alliance with the wealthy trading city of Venice to fund the struggle
with the Sicilian Normans in the West. This treaty brought the
Lasombra Narses back within Byzantine boundaries, no longer as
the head of a minor provincial family but as the lord of the most
powerful trading city in the West. In order to garner Narses' support,
Caius granted Venetian mortals valuable trading privileges and
reconfirmed the status of Narses' own centuries-old family. The
"Narsene" Lasombra became scions of the Antonian Ventrue.

Belisarius had reservations with the deal, but was willing to
tisk the alliance with his old rival to salvage the Dream of
Constantinople. Caius also sought permission to seek assistance
inthe West against the Seljuks. The Michaelites supported these
efforts and recommended that a request be sent directly from the
emperor to the Pope of Rome. The Obertus threw in their
support for the Ventrue plans in exchange for the recognition of
their first scion family, the Baron's Gangrel, which was to act as
guardian and enforcer of the Codex of Legacies.

SepTIMA DoMINIcHyLADY OF BLoop

Antonius' first Réman childe was an ambitious
senator's wife namedSeptima Dominica. In the patriar-
chal Roman world, she learned to use her husband as a
front, became a powerful force in the capital and was
admired by Antonius. Asa vampire, Septima found the
strictures on her power less confining than before and
became askilled politician amongthe Ventrue of Rome.
She remained close,to‘Antonitis,.advising him as she
had hersmOrtal/husband, gaining power forierself and
finally aecompanying Antonius to Constantinople.

In New Rome; theitirelationsHip soured. Septima
was a vampire of the old school, holding lavish blood
feasts and relishing in the dread and awe she inspired
among the kine. She maintained extensive mortal herds
and made little attempt tohide her predatory nature. As
Antonius developed his Ieonoclast philosophies, he
drove his childe away. Septima felt betrayed and helped
plothis destruction, supporting Caius during the Fourth
Council and participating in the murder of Antonius.

Septima then became Caius' advisor, content to
remain the kingmaker of the Ventrue. But times had
changed and the nights of the lords of blood were
numbered. This became evident in A.D. 1001 when
Septima's haven was burned to the ground by a witch-
hunter. Caius and Septima's eldest childe Nicepherus
sought out the responsible party, little realizing that it
was Septima's second childe Ducas. A believer in
Antonius' Iconoclasm, Ducas lashed out at his own sire
as the worst example of worship-mongering.

The request for aid against the Turks was responded to
with the First Crusade, which brought tens of thousands of
mortal warriors and pilgrims to the empire — along with
numerous Cainites. The Ventrue resisted the temptation to
call anew council and gambled on their skill to preserve their
position. They succeeded, moving the First Crusade through
their territories with speed and efficiency. Although Belisarius
could not prevent the establishment of the Latin Crusader
States, he was able to use them to his advantage, retaking large
parts of Asia Minor under Alexius and John Comnenus.

A.D. 1081 The Seventh Council isheld. The family
of Narses of Venice is made a scion of the
Ventrue and is given trading privileges.
The Baron's Gangrel become scions of
the Tzimisce. Alexius I Comnenus be

comes emperor.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

A.D. 1090-1125 Narses' childe Alfonzo serves as a
Lasombra priest in Constantinople.

A.D. 1096 Soldiers on the First Crusade travel

through Constantinople.

A.D. 1140 The Salubri Achmet arrives in

Constantinople.

CHAPTER TWO: HISTORY


Belisarius also broke the age-old alignment of the Trinity
by seeking ties with the Obertus and letting the Michaelites
fend for themselves. Under Emperor John Comnenus, this
alliance proved extremely strong and the empire seemed well
on its way to reclaiming the East. The Latins became less and
less of a concern as John focused on reacquiring the Levant.
This time of prosperity brought new vampires to
Constantinople, including the Salubri mystic Achmet the
Dreamer, a searcher for Golconda who was sheltered by Gesu.

Unfortunately, the gains made in Asia Minor awoke the
hidden Assamites. In A.D. 1143, while on campaign in the East,
John was killed with the characteristic finesse and stealth of the
childerofHaqim. Belisarius, realizing the danger that the Assamites
posed, quickly sought a reconciliation with the Latins, who had
been alienated by Alexius and John. Under Manuel Comnenus,
many important posts in the imperial hierarchy were given to
Westerners, and ties with the Crusader States were encouraged.

The Second Crusade was handled skillfully, but the
momentum that had been lost after the death of John
Comnenus could not be regained. Belisarius' plans lost the
support of Caius; Ventrue, Toreador and Tzimisce alike re-
sented the growing influence of the Latins, especially that of
the Venetian Lasombra. Belisarius' influence was not totally
lost, however, and he forged an alliance with Anna Comnena,
anambitious new Ventrue who had been born the daughter of
his mortal protégé Alexius I. Nevertheless, Belisarius could do
little to suppress the wrath that grew against the Latins.

THE SECOND
DECLINE
(ALD. 1180 - A.D. 1197)

The cycle of decline following the Macedonian era was
rekindled by the number of debilitating concessions given to
Latins and the resulting popular outrage. When Manuel
Comnenus died in A.D. 1182, his cousin Andronicus led a
popularrevoltin whichanumberofLatinswere killed. Andronicus
claimed the throne and the Ventrue proved unable to stop him.
Only three years later, as the last great Norman assault stormed
across the empire and sacked Thessalonika, the mob rose again.
Angry citizens and Byzantine Cainites murdered Andronicus,
killed any Latins they came across, and burned the foreigners'

Epirus, PREFECT, OF Masks

The Ventrue domestic prefect at the time of the
Latin riots of 1185, Epirus was'a master of the subtle art
of manipulation. Known for his practice of adopting a
variety of masks on official' occasions, he also preserited
many different faces tothdse under his chargeRespon-
sible for the affairsyof che city-and dealings with the
Lexor-Brujah'sincé-the days of Antonius, Epirus had a
pfofound ‘understanding of the debasement that the
Latins*inflicted upon. ConstantinoplessHe had long
argued for theirexpulsion;and was greatly frustrated by
Caius' inability to respond. He watched with pleasure as
Byzantine mortals became enraged with the foreigners,
and the threat of riots loomed. It was his duty to\quell
the madness, buthe instead allowed it to engulfthe city.

At his trial during the Eighth Council) Epirus
showed no regrets. Indeed,-he called on his'fellows to
support his actions and strike at thé Latins once more.
Those in attendance say that he seemed to expect a
receptive audiéncé among his fellow Ventrue and
appeared betrayedwhen the Quaésitors and the. whole
Antonian hierarchy,voted for his destruction. Epirus
implied thathe liad been orderéd to instigate'the riots,
but was put téthetoréh before he could reveal who had
given the order: Most believe the claim was nothing
but a desperate attempt to deflect blame from himself.

homes and churches. A number of atrocities were committed,
including an assault on the Hospital of St. John and the slaughter
of every patient therein. That night, hundreds of foreigners and
virtually all Latin vampires met their deaths. The only survivor
was Gabriella, the Lasombra envoy from Genoa, who petitioned
the Tzimisce Symeon to protect her and her mortal protégé
Lillian. Lillian would go on to become Symeon's lover.

As the ashes cooled, the ruling Cainites of Constantinople
tried to find those responsible for the riots, and so the Eighth
Council was convened. Left with no other choice, Caius and the
other family heads allowed Narses and his Lasombra childer
admittance to the council and occasion to voice their concerns.
To satisfy the Venetians, Caius was forced to deliver scapegoats
to the Western vampires. Tribonius, head of the Lexor Brujah,
and Caius' own childe Epirus — both charged with overseeing

A.D. 1143 Emperor John II Comnenus, on

campaign in Asia Minor, is killed by the

Assamite Shabah.

A.D. 1143-1182 Latin influence mounts under Emperor
Manuel Comnenus.

A.D. 1153

Ducas Embraces former princess Anna
Comnena.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

AD. 1185 Riots targeting Latin residents break out in
Constantinople. All Latin Cainites in the
city are destroyed save for the Genoese
Lasombra Gabriellaandher mortal protégé
Lillian, who are sheltered by Symeon. The
Eighth Council is held and the Ventrue

Epirus and Brujah Tribonius are destroyed

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT


mortal affairs — were found guilty of instigating the riot and
were executed as traitors.

Narses demanded Caius' personal apology and petitioned
that Constantinople's Latin Quarter be ruled by Latins alone.
Reluctantly, the council ruled in his favor, forever changing the
political climate of the city. The Trinity of families no longer
controlled or had any right to the Latin Quarter, which became
exempt ftom the Codex of Legacies. Narses' childe Bishop
Alfonzo arrived soon thereafter to claim lordship of the enclave.

This, however, was only the beginning of new problems for
Byzantine Cainites. The sack of Thessalonika and the recent
upheavals in the wake of the Second and Third Crusades resulted
in large numbers of vampires being uprooted from their homes.
Many of these refugees flocked to Constantinople in search of
shelter. Having no right to remain in the city, these Carrion, as they
came to be called, settled in the squalor of the Latin districts, which

led toa problem of epidemic overpopulation. From the West came
Basil of Thessalonika (the Ventrue prefect of the region), and a
circle of Caitiff Gehenna cultistsknownasthe Chosen of Calomena
which was led by the charismatic prophet Stanislav. Achmet the
Dreameralso gained astar disciple in the Tremere renegade Theresa
Kymena. From the East came the Nosferatu Knight of St. Ladre and
Fra' Raymond, along with his brood of lepers from the Crusader
States. And, finally, there came the Assamite envoy Shabah.

THE PRESENT
(A.D. 1197)

The city of Constantinople teeters on the edge of destruction.
A great maelstrom threatens to devour it whole, throwing itand the
Dream into ruin. As far as the kine know, the city and empire are

for inciting the riots; the Latin Quarter is
made independent from the rule of the
Trinity and is placed under the dominion
of Bishop Alfonzo of Venice.

A.D. 1185-1197 Cainites from across Europe begin to
arrive at Constantinople, crowding the
Latin Quarter.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

A.D. 1186 The Nosferatu Fra' Raymond and his
brood arrive from the Crusader States
andarehidden by the Malachite Nosferatu.
The Ventrue Basil of Thessalonika and
the mad Caitiff prophet Stanislav arrive
from the West.

A.D. 1187

CHAPTER TWO: HISTORY


in the hands of Alexius III Angelus, who rose to power by blinding
his younger brother Isaac II. Alexius, the worst example of the
Angelus dynasty to hold the throne since 1185, locks himself away
in the imperial palace of Blachernae and hoards concubines and
riches, caring nothing for his empire.

The Italian trading cities, sensing the emperor's weak-
ness, busy themselves with acquiring greater and greater
economic and political power. They have recently been
granted complete control over the imperial navy. Loyal sub-
jects recognize the collapse of their beloved home and either
sink into depression or lash out in anger. Incidents of vandal-
ism and violence are on the rise, and Latins in particular have
learned it is no longer safe to wander Byzantine streets without
guards — be it day or night.

Among the Cainites, the situation is, ifanything, worse. No
leader seems ready to rise to the challenge of these trying times.
Michael the Patriarch is completely lost in his delusions of
divinity, and almost all of his Toreador seem to have followed
him into madness. The Ventrue, historically those who guide
the city out of political turmoil, are equally without direction.
The Basileus Caius is paralyzed by his desire to be at Michael's
side and is unable to assert himself over the rival factions in his
family. Without his leadership, each Ventrue struggles to gain

advantage over the others, and so the family grows further

entangled in intrigue and secrecy. Even the Tzimisce, long
united in their pursuit of mystical knowledge and spiritual
enlightenment, are divided. Gesu, in a moment of religious

vision, has Embraced Symeon's lover Lillian and melded her to
himself, forever destroying the bond with his brother. Mean-
while, Symeon's childe Myca Vykos works with members of the
Setite family to exploit Byzantium's confusion for personal gain.

Constantinople's Cainites can ill afford the collapse of
their leadership, threatened as they are by enemies on all
fronts. Since the Eighth Council, the Latin Quarter along the
Golden Horn has formed an independent enclave in the city.
From there the Venetian Bishop Alfonzo works night after
night to strip his hosts of the economic and political resources
they need to maintain their Dream, while his sire Narses, from
his haven in Venice, watches approvingly.

Deeper in the cramped streets of the Latin Quarter, other
enemies breed. The most dangerousare the Chosen of Calomena.
These mad cultists call for the destruction of all Cainites and
have found willing followers among the mortals of the city and
the most hopeless of vampires. Formerly limited to the Latin
Quarter, the Chosen now exist across the city. More subtle still,
the shrouded hand of the Inconnu grips the city's throat. Acting
through hidden agents at the heart of the most powerful families,
these ancient lords of Rome work to destroy Byzantium for the
crime of surpassing their achievements.

Some hopeful elements have emerged from this bleak
picture, however. Three prominent scion families — the
Baron's Gangrel, the Malachite Nosferatu and the Lexor
Brujah — have banded together in an effort to defend the
Dream. Acting in secret to avoid the ire of the dominant


is completely devoid of these elements of renewal, but it
Bioop Curs remains to be seen whether they can act before the city
The crowded conditions of the Latin Quarter make collapses. Constantinople's future appears bleak indeed.

for atich breeding ground for the worshipof the childer \ Cc

of Caine. The.manywampirés arriving in, the ports — IGHTS TO OME
attractéd-by the glory that was\once Byzantium — are D.

easily influenced by-the ‘aura‘of religious fervor that (A, £) 1198 AND ON)
Gesu's Vampiric monasticismand Michael's delusions of
angeli¢ power lend the city/Feeding on the hopelessness

of the poormertals'ardund/them, these newcomers set
themselvés.tp,as Saitits and gods, distributing porent

In A.D. 1197 the hammer of destruction hangs over
Constantinople. It will not be long before it falls. In only one
year, Innocent III will rise to the Roman papacy, determined

pa ey Ce to launch a Fourth Crusade on the heels of the first three.

crops fe huh 9 fk Meanwhile, Alexius, son of the deposed Emperor Isaac Il

piel dckan area A.A chillies ohne (the Angelus, will flee to Germany and then to Venice, where he

eee ofkhay Sip FfoSeioents, Baokber eve will befriend the Doge. Pleading with the crusaders to help

seit Been aca al via Ouart te Mies restore his father to the throne, he will pledge to make the
offassaults, apparently perpetuated by Bishop Alfonzo's Basten: Church subservient to the Western.

Mae The cults Me sinc ech talfen ugbyLatins to Enthusiasm will grow for a crusade aimed at the wealth of

le sffplies of vitae and'to satisfy needs for Egypt, only to be diverted by the Venetian Doge Enrico

Pf Setites, of course, have par dbandoned Dandolo, who is determined to save his lucrative trade routes

dicic wap) did cults are spreading pegeMcAk the Byx along the Nile. The wealth of Constantinople will therefore

antine tity) become the true target of the crusade. To the Venetians,

The Chosen of Calgmenaf sie Caitiff followers of

islay the Prophet, haye"also established a network THE Fires OF. GEHENNA

‘cults among Byzaritine and Latin mortals. The L Had liiays feared thatttvewoilld be destroyed bythe
Chose ‘consider themselves the emissatiesofCalomena, Cainites BF Wesn Burtheydid nocSeek our deaths, they

anavenging creaturethat will purge the Worldof the vile 1 est
chiller 6£Caine. Asgguch, they instruct mortal followers He pan Nan ey

in the ways of theit mistress and teach them to destroy F del hal) d S
Gainites, Bishop/A lfonzo discovered just how.dangerous ‘4 ent, h ae, Oe

tice could bain A.D. 1196, whenthis childer Mi fr fat
Julian@and Mariawerelestroyed by mortal follawer@of Saclreoheth cis ey me daniied

thé'Chosént though Alfonzo has ordered Stanislav
and his brood oft of the Latin Quarter, few believe their
influence can be so easily neutralized.

dominationg elise Weal
aw6Kesurrounded by the bane of ur Kitch the conflagra-
tiongfatzed outp'works to.the ground

Thiosétvho escaped-did so\through pure eafce. No
families, this "Covenant of Three" searches out those willing greatness, power oF skill could have protected us. Dhienights
to work to preserve their home. The Malachite have also when we catwtake the mdrabworld for granted, when the
opened their havens to their St. Ladre clanmates, forging a fear of ourkinehwill keep themidocile , ‘@revo
spirit of clan alliance that is quite alien to Byzantium. And, see a timesof tetribution coming.
Abetorius, an envoy of the Tremere, has recently appeared — Frond the writings of Anna Const
and may bring added power to Byzantine Cainites. No family shelter in Nicea (A.D. 1259)

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY
A.D. 1188 The Assamite Shabah arrives as an A.D. 1195 Alexius II] Angelus becomes emperor by
ambassador from Alamut. blinding and deposing his brother Isaac II.
A.D. 1190 Theresa Kymena, a rogue Tremere, A.D. 1196 Lillian, now Symeon's lover, is
arrives to study with Achmet. Embraced by Gesu.
AD. 1193 The Brujah, Gangrel and Nosferatuof A.D. 1197 Gabriella of Genoa is kidnapped by
the city form the Covenant of Three Shabah. (The year 1197 is considered
to defend it. "present day.")

CHAPTER TWO; HISTORY


c

is

ONSTANTINOPL!

Constantinople represents their only competition for mastery
of the Eastern Mediterranean, while the crusaders willnothave
forgiven differences over distributions of wealth, lands and
military support in the previous crusades.

In 1203 the Western army will defeat Byzantine forces,
deposing Isaac's brother and placing Alexius IV as the new
emperor. For the remainder of that year, Alexius will rule but
be unable to keep his promises to the crusaders. To make
things worse, the citizens of Constantinople, led by monks,
will revolt against the crusaders and depose Alexius. The
crusaders, using the riots as an excuse, will take the city in
April of 1204. In the madness of pillaging, a fire will be litand
the city will burn for eight days. The wealth and glory that was
Byzantium will be stripped by Latin greed or consumed by
ravenous flames. The dreams of those who guided the city will
fall into ruins and for 60 years Latin emperors will rule the city.

Three separate contenders to the Greek imperial throne
will emerge during the exodus from Constantinople, but it is
finally Michael Palaeologus who will come out of his territo-
ries in Anatolian Nicea to reconquer the city. Yet the burning
of Constantinople will have torn out the heart of the empire
and all momentum will flounder. Michael will sell his Church
to the West and be branded a heretic and traitor, while his
successors will reclaim Orthodoxy but see their territories
shrink.

A new group of Turks, called Ottomans, will rise in the
East. A cultural revival will hit the shrinking empire in the
14th century, but it will be but a beautiful dance performed on
the way to the abattoir. The Ottomans will eventually dis-
member the empire, taking eastern and western provinces
alike. The survivors will beg fora: ce from their Christian
brothers, but it will be fleeting and ineffective. In the end, the
greatest Christian empire ever seen will vanish.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

A.D. 1198 Innocent III becomes Pope and calls
for a Fourth Crusade.

A.D.1202 Crusaders gather in Venice and are
greeted by Isaac II's son Alexius, who
requests their aid in becoming
emperor. The Venetians support his
effortsinexchangeforpromisesoftiches.


ALTER NATE HisToRIES

T wonder at times what thé'world would have become
had not the flame of the Forth Crusade buaned our Dream
toash. Perhaps ; hadwe been'more united, had ive found the
dynamic forces, within otrselves to breakthe habits of
centuries,-we-could have managed the crisis-as we had
others. The katinconquéstmight not have been stopped, but
the senseless déseruction could have heen avoided.

In my most lucid moments I realize that invthe end it
would not have madea great difference Surely we would
have fallen to‘the Ottomans regardless of the*burning —
perhaps a'year later, pethaps not, Yet, in taremoments of
optimism andhope, IwondersCould'we not have recap-
tured the initiative by deflectingthe Venetians? Could we
nothave learned totiidinage out resotirces better and taken
advantage of the inevitable chaos*ather than fall victim to
it? Might not Constantinople still stand this night?

— Gregory the Ancient, A.D. 1921

The legacy of New Rome will touch all childer of Caine.
The Iconoclast movement among the Ventrue will find its echo
in the Masquerade of the Camarilla. The rage and spirituality of
the young will rise anew during the Anarch Revolt and the
formation of the Sabbat. The Fourth de will mark the
maturation of the Inconnu. The jealous ancients of Rome will be
consumed by the guilt ofhaving destroyed the only true successor
totheir dream. Their own power games will have destroyed what
they found most beautiful, and they will retreat from material
concerns and seek redemption in the search for Golconda.

The destruction of A.D. 1204 will haunt the childer of
Caine until Gehenna silences all regrets.

BYZANTINE CHRONOLOGY

A.D. 1203 The crusaders conquer Constantinople
and place Alexius IV as emperor.

A.D. 1204 The people of Constantinople revolt
and the crusaders sack the city, starting
a fire that burns for eight days. The
Byzantine Empire is torn asunder and
divided among the crusaders.



iaptee hte:
BGeogeaphy

Constantinople:
Moore Chan ds ess
Introduction

Constantinople is considered the premier city of
Cucope and the Wiisdle Cast. Co the ignocant
farmer or knight, Constantinople is a rich state
vohosecobblestonesavechisecedfrom gGAdeandvohose

starsavecutteom gems. VOhile this a ing vision
is hyperbolic, Constantinople is opulent nonethe
less, much move so thanarny Cucopeanstronghold.
Locatedat the tip ofa peninsula, Constantinople
is bordered by the Golden Horn harbor to the north,
the osporus to the east and the Feopontis Gea
Calso knoven as the Wiarrmora) to the south. Mhe
Bosporus links the Pontus Cucinus Wohat will
later be called the hack Sea) to the Seaof Marmore.
The city is in a prime location as a nerus of trade
routes, yet its locale is also a ciuse the city and its
empire ace pitted betvocen Curopean and islamic
armies andsometimes have to contend withboth.
The city covers I800 hectaves of (and between
the tip of its peninsula and the Great Valls of
Theodosius 32, its mainbattlements these natu-
cal enses and fortifications enclose
tecritory to allovo the city to expand signili-
cantly yet comfortably. Constantinople is
already monumental in stature, with an esti-
mated one million people living voithinits vwoalls.


Most buildings and homes are located along the two main
coastlines and in the eastern half of the peninsula. The
inhabitants have always prided themselves on being the in-
heritors of Rome's legacy, and have emulated much of that
city's style and architecture. Like Rome, Constantinople is
divided into 14 districts, and supposedly like its predecessor
the city is built on seven hills. Only three of them, however,
are impressive enough to be called such. The First Hill is
crowned by the ruins of the city's Acropolis. The Third Hill is
anest forslums. The Fifth Hill lies on the northern slope of the
Lycus Valley.

For the layout of the city and its districts, see the city map
in the back of the book.

ARCHITECTURE AND Art LEXICON
Ambulatory: The covered walk of a cloister.
Apse: A vaulted recess inra¢hurch.
Ashlar: Evenly laid sqdare-stone masonry:
Basilica: Originally Romamgoyetnmén, building.
The term later came todescribe a rectangular Byzantine
church with a set of three aisles separated by columns.
Breccia: A stone formédwhenangular'tocks merge.
Capital: The uppermose portiOn ofa cdltifnn} usually
highly ornate.
Cistern: A reservoir for storitig water,
Colonnade: A row of edlumhs.
Fresco: A paintingtnade Using water-ground colors on
a moist plaster stirface.
Frieze: A band ofigculpted designs, patterns and letters
on the walls of room.
Gymnasium: A school!
Icon: The image of,a(religious.figure painted upon a

(Pearl: The'hard interior of certain mollusk
shells, tharfeflects a spectrum of different colors.
Narthek: The outer porgh of a'church.

Navé: The/center aislejof,thrée in a basilica.
Palaestra:/ An exercisé yard; usually attached to a gym-
nasium:/

Peristyle A colonriade\surtounding either an open
courtyard ora building?
Porphyry:/A hard purple-redstonewith tiny crystals inset.
Portico: An adjoihingstfuctute to a building, featuring
a roof and supporting columns.

District OF HEBDOMON

Jucendiae Palace, Military Training Fields

There wasa time when the old saying held true andall roads
did lead to Rome. When the great legacy of Romulus collapsed,
however, Rome's precious highways fell into disrepair across
barbaric Europe. Yet, as one ventured east, some roads were
found to be maintained and still are in the 12th century. Such is

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

the case for the Egnatian Way, a flagstone road that leads
through the royal district of Hebdomon and up to the Golden
Gate of Constantinople.

Located three miles from the Golden Gate and seven
miles from the center of Constantinople, the district of
Hebdomon is still considered part of the city. Unofficially, it
is associated with Region 14 and Blachernae Palace, the
garden residence of the imperial family. Otherwise, Hebdomon
is well outside the city and self-sufficient, with its own crop
fields, military barracks, churches and dwellings. The district
is serviced by its own port, the Harbor of Hebdomon, less than
a mile to the east of the suburb.

JUCENDIAE PALACE
AND THE MiniraryY TRAINING FIELDS

Hebdomon's suburb is more important than the city's others
because it includes the Jucendiae Palace, an imperial retreat, and
the oldest church of the region, St. John the Evangelist. The
palace also serves as a military headquarters (the meadows north
of the Egnatian Way are used for training and exercising troops)
and asa temporary refuge for the city's populace when earthquakes
strike. Several emperors were even crowned upon the fields of
Hebdomon before the ceremony was officially moved to the more
spectacular Hippodrome arena.

Jucendiae Palace, lacking in very little, is a three-story
structure that is adorned with a marble veneer. Its entrance,
flanked by a row of two-story columns that support an elevated
balcony and garden, is constantly under the watch of well-armed
guards. The palace exterior is marked with high-arching win-
dows and balconies that offer advantageous views of the
surrounding gardens, the countryside and the Marmora shore-
line to the south. Hidden well behind the palace are the servants'
quarters, a granary, stables, animal sties and a private cemetery.

Jucendiae is mainly used by mortal members of the impe-
rial family during the summer months. Although Cainites
rarely venture here, certain members of the Michaelite family
are known to go Jucendiae to escape the hectic pace of city life.
Petronius, the current leader of the Toreador, has been visiting
the palace often of late, in order to escape the pressures of his
obligations.

ENTERING CONSTANTINOPLE

Industrial Quarter, Walls of Theodosius II

The greatest battlements in Europe seal Constantinople
behind five miles of stone and moat. Visible from several
leagues inland, the nighttime fires of the city blaze into the sky,
contrasted by the pitch-black emptiness of the surrounding
seas. A scant mile from the city, however, all vanishes behind
the imposing facade of the city's fortifications.

The Egnatian Way leads from Hebdomon right through
the city's industrial quarter, which is located just outside
Constantinople's famed Golden Gate. The scenery along the
Egnatian consists of one-room farms with small cultivated
fields, orchards and small groves of trees. Closer to


Constantinople's battlements huddle small collections of
homes: structures whose walls are painted white, light blue or
pale yellow. Lazy curls of smoke and glimmers of candlelight
that escape from between the cracks of small shuttered win-
dows are the only signs of nocturnal life within these buildings.
Most residing in these homes are laborers in the nearby fields
or workers in the industrial quarter.

INDUSTRIAL QUART

The industrial quarter, located outside the Golden Gate,
poisons the air with a noxious mixture of fumes from acids,
dyes and raw animal hides that lie decaying in piles behind the
tanneries. It is this pungent aroma, foul even by medieval
standards, that isolates the quarter from the rest of the city.
Filled with one- and two-story businesses, this quarter holds
butcher and tanner shops, glaziers, smithies and dye shops.
Most of the shops have adjoining homes where the business-
men and their families reside.

Smoke and other vapors literally hang in the air, clouding
the day with a grayish haze and sometimes burning the eyes of
unprotected travelers. Although many workers cover their faces
with rags, they can still be heard coughing and hacking; lung
ailments will surely claim their lives within a few years. On both
sides of the Egnatian Way run trenches that are filled with waste
andrun-off from the quarter's industries, but the smell from these
ditches pales in comparison to that of the tanneries.

THE WaLLs oF THEoposius Il
Beyond the industrial quarter stretch the Walls of
Theodosius II, double-line battlements with a moat. The moat

is encountered first. It is a snake of water that runs the length
of the fortifications, and it is sectioned off in various spots by

dam walls that stop water from spilling down to such low-lying
areas as the Lycus River basin. Wide at the base, the dam walls
taper toward the top to prevent enemy soldiers from gaining
proper footing and crossing the moat.

Beyond the moat runs a series of open terraces and low
walls, used to shield defending troops. These walls end at the
city's great battlements. Thirty feet high, 13 to 15 feet thick,
and lined with 96 monolithic towers, these defensive walls
stretch across the five miles of the peninsula. Their towers,
rising 60 feet into the sky, are also used as sleeping quarters for
guards and soldiers who return from patrol and are too tired to
tide the three miles to Constantinople or Hebdomon.

The battlements themselves are lined with 10 civilian
and military gates, and the main entrance to Constantinople
is the famed Golden Gate, located close to the Marmora. The
outer wall entrance is a simple archway with glittering double
doors that are flanked by two Roman columns.

Dwarfed by high walls and two towers constructed of
marble blocks, the terrace between the inner and outer gates
is decorated with statues and sculptures. Included are several
Orthodox crosses, statues of various emperors (and one of a

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY


crowned woman that represents Constantinople's fortune),
four bronze elephants and the traditional Roman eagle which
is set upon the northern tower.

The inner wall entrance consists of three archways, the
central being the largest. Each of these is flanked by Roman
columns and is adorned with gold. Every night, guards along
the battlements can be heard calling out to one another, trying
to keep each other awake.

EXOKIONION: THE Lycus VALE

Cistern of Aspar, Cistern of Bonus, Cistern of Mokius,
Citadel of Petrion, Monastery of St. John Studius, Walls of
Constantine

Inside the Golden Gate, the Egnatian Way becomes the
Mese, Constantinople's main boulevard. Most of the city, per
Roman tradition, is divided into numbered regions (1 to 14).
The region known as Exokionion, however, has always been
regarded asan outside district, despite its presence within the city
walls, Ithas never been numbered. The reason for this dates back
to the proclamation of Christianity as the city's official religion,
and the Church's sanctioning of the Exokionionasaplace for the
Greek population to practice their "heretical religion."

Over the last few centuries, the area has become home to
asmall number of rich citizens.

The valley in which Exokionion is located descends toward
the Lycus River, northeast of the Golden Gate. The terrain rises

P <>
CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

sharply beyond the river, forming the city's Fifth Hill where a
second branch of the Mese is located. The valley is bordered by
the old Walls of Constantine to the east and the Great Walls of
Theodosius II to the west. Along the Mese, very few structures
mar the beautiful landscape of the Lycus Valley. Proud and
fashionable villas, churches with elaborate Byzantine crosses,
and walled-in monasteries with cultivated fields dot the land.
Otherwise, the valley is dominated by sweeping plains of wild
grass and rocky outcroppings.

While the northern side of the valley — the Fifth Hill —
is the coolest spot in the city, its terrain is also the roughest and
steepest in all of Constantinople. The climb can often rob
people of their breath, but the hill is often visited by affluent
citizens seeking relief in the hot summer months. During the
day and early evening, people can be found dining on the
grassy stretches of the vale, accompanied by entourages of
attendants who cater to their needs.

Beneath the grassy fields runs a series of aqueducts and
ry tunnels that connect the
Great Walls of Theodosius I and the city itself, and are used
for communication. Atthe city, these tunnels fan outward like
veins in the city's underbelly. The Baron's Gangrel, loyal to
the Obertus Tz e, use these passageways to reach both the
Tzimisce monasteries of Christ Pantokrator and St. John
Studius, in order to ferry books from the Obertus' extensive
library to safety outside the city.

subterranean passages — mi


ROMAN VitisoF ExoKIONION

Th@large private*villas for which Exdkiofi6n is
katown occupy the area along the Southern Mese and are
based entirely on Romafi design. Their exteriors are
painted with single solid colors — usually brick-red,
light-blue, dull-yellow or white — and are adorned with
sloped, red-tiled roofs, small windows and covered por-
ticos at the front, back and sometimes sides of the
houses. Bach room leads directly:to another through
doots Or open archways, and almost every chamber has
an exit that leads outside, Even stairways leading to
second stories are only accessible fromthevoutside.

The chambetsjofsome villas‘are bililvatound atri-
ums— open'spa¢ésin the centers of houses}which serve
as gardens, pools or evensécondary dining rooms. These
areas are surrounded by porticos 6tvall four sides, and the
roofs are sloped to the outsidé to prevent rainwater from
cascading into the atriums.

Tue Two Meses

Beginning at the Forum of Augustaion near the eastern
edge of the peninsula, the Mese runs west just past the Forum
of Theodosius, where it splits into two streets. (The initial
portion of the Mese is discussed below.) The first street
continues northwest to the Gate of Polyandrion, the southern
follows the coast of the Marmora.

After the split, both Meses are lined with porticos known as
the Trojan walls — row upon row of columns, some unaffected by
time, others worn from neglect, broken in earthquakes orscorched
by flames. The northwest Mese runs past several landmarks,
including the exposed Aqueduct of Valens, the Church of the
Holy Apostles and the Cistern of Aspar. Within view of the
southern Mese are the steep sea bulwarks of the Marmora,
fortifications that end where the sea begins.

Though most of the narrow shore between the battle-
ments and sea is rocky, the beach near the Gate of Psamathia
is sandy. Nomadic Ravnos smuggle themselves into the city
through this relatively quiet and secluded portion of the
coastline, where boats can beach safely.

CISTERNS OF CONSTANTINOPLE

At one time the need for water within the city precipi-
tated the construction of elaborate underground aqueducts
and cisterns. Most were covered, either hidden underground
or within buildings, to shield them from the night's vapors
(thought responsible for the transmission of disease). Eighty
cisterns provided a more-than-ample supply of water, and
some were turned into gardens after their roofs were exposed
by earthquakes.

The sunken Cistern of Mokius, one unfortunate structure
with roof still largely intact, is now abandoned. Portions of the
30-foot ceiling and collapsed columns litter the floor, and weeds

grow through cracks in the mortar floor. A single hole in the roof
passes a shaft of light during the day — the only source of
illumination within this shielded chamber — but the columns
prevent the light from piercing the deepest regions of the
Mokius. The cistern's darkness makes it an ideal refuge for
vampires; a variety of Cainites use it for revelry and debauchery.
Blood feasts, death duels, rapes and other reprehensible acts have
been committed in the Cistern of Mokius.

Two major above-ground cisterns are located on the
northern slope of the Lycus Vale: Aspar on the northern Mese,
and Bonus further east. Aspar, a raised-block structure with an
overhanging sloped roof that is supported by columns, is still
in fine condition and constantly filled with water. Bonus was
turned into a vegetable garden by the clergy of the nearby
Church of St. John after an earthquake robbed the cistern of
its roof and supporting columns.

CITADEL OF PETRION

The northern slope of the vale is under the dominion of
the Baron's Gangrel. Only other Byzantine Cainite families
are allowed safe passage through here; Latin Cainites are
usually attacked despite any pretenses of family status. The
Baron's Gangrel sequester themselves within the Citadel of
Petrion on the Golden Horn Wall, controlling both its gate
and adjoining quay.

Sealed away from the rest of the city by fortress walls,
Petrion is an ancient castle that holds a commanding view of
Exokionion and the Golden Horn. Though under the care of
the Baron's Gangrel, it looks abandoned and abused. Six 30-
foot towers, broken and encrusted by an overgrowth of vines
and plants, straddle its walls. The citadel and its adjoining
buildings are in a similar condition; weeds have broken the
surface of the stone courtyard, creeping vines have taken root
on building walls, and lichen colors everything a deep green.
Hunting dogs roam the interior of Petrion, and the smell of
animal offal, blood and innards fouls the air.

Tue Monastery or St. Jon Srupius

The most impressive of the holy buildings in Exokionion
is the Monastery of St. John Studius, which is tended by its
Akoimetai, or Sleepless Monks. Within is the University of
Constantinople, a seat of high learning and knowledge com-
piled from the philosophers of Greece, mathematicians and
astronomers of Islam, artists and calligraphers of Byzantium and
lawmakers of Rome. It isan enclave of thinkers and great minds;
a place where Byzantine Cainites can research information,
debate topics with learned teachers, and find promising stu-
dents who deserve the Embrace. The university was also a
bastion for the veneration of icons during the Iconoclastic
period and is still home to the monastic order that is loyal to the
Tzimisce Gesu. While Gesu has closed off the monastery and
Church of St. John Studius to outsiders, the adjoining buildings
of the university, including its dormitories, have been left open
to other Cainites.

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY


The church was completed in A.D. 463 and dedicated to
St. John the Baptist. It was built in basilica style (a rectangular
building with three aisles separated by columns that lead to an
apse at the rear of the church). The outside walls are made of
ashlar and brick, the columns within of green breccia with
white floral capitals, and the windows on both levels are
framed in marble. The interior walls are sheathed in multicol-
ored marble, as are the surrounding sculpted friezes. Attached
to the church is a women's gymnasium and palaestra.

Tue CENTRAL MESE

Forum of Augustaion, Forum of Constantine, Forum of
Theodosius, House of Lamps, Milion

Although not a region unto itself, the central Mese has
special significance. If city life revolves around the Hippodrome
and Great Palace, like the two wheels of a chariot, the Mese is
their axle. If Constantinople were strictly a mortal city, its
human vendors would pack up their belongings every evening
and sequester themselves in their homes at night. However, the
city's undead quietly enthrall the citizens, keeping them awake
and active. At 10 o'clock in the evening, one can meet a dozen
Cainites along the city's central Mese. The clepsydra, the great
water-clock of nearby Hagia Sophia, announces the time to all.

At the head of the central Mese is the Milion, or milepost,
from which all distances within the empire are marked. The
structure is double-arched, with a cupola resting upon fourarches,
Atop the cupolaare statues of St. Constantine and St. Helena, the
latter holding a cross turned toward Hagia Sophia. The Mese,
from here down to the Forum of Theodosius, is lined with double-
tiered porticoes that are supported by wide columns. In the
shadow of the Milion, vendors display their wares, merchants
hawk their goods and black-veined marble lions keep eternal vigil.

When evening falls, normal merchandise is often packed
away in favor of curios and exotica. Many of the Mese's "night
vendors," anticipating the nature of their customers, endeavor to
procure strange, occult and wondrous items from around the
world. Wares from India or even distant Cathay can occasionally
be found on the Mese at night, and more than one ambitious
Cainite has discovered a relic from the nights of the Ancients.

The roofs of the porticoes are adorned with a plethora of
statues, walks and pleasant Roman terraces for those who want
to avoid the bustle of the crowds. Here, commanding views of
Constantinople capture the eye. The area's hilly terrain, lush
greenery, breathtaking architecture and three borders of water
attract lovers, thinkers and artists alike. While the market-
place crowd dwindles toward evening, people can still be
found on the terraces, some walking in the night, others
gathering to debate the issues of the day. The children of Caine
mingle among both groups.

Forum oF AuGustTAIoN

Constantinople's central Mese begins at the Bronze Gate
at the Forum of Augustaion. The forum was founded in honor
of Constantine's mother Helena, whose statue is displayed

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

upon a porphyry column. Vendors of perfumes and fragrances
do business near the palace so that they may scent the air with
their wares. The forum's interior is surrounded by porticoes,
underneath which columns and statues alternate in ranks.
Images of Belisarius, Justinian, Theodosius II, Basil II, Alexius
and many more stand prominently.

The western corner of the Forum of Augustaion is occu-
pied by the baths of Zeuxippos. This domed establishment,
adorned with festive frescoes and bright murals, caters to the
nearby Senate Basilica and Hippodrome.

Forum oF CONSTANTINE

Between the forums of Augustaion and Constantine, the
Mese is crowded with dealers of meats, oils, poultry, butter,
salt, flour, cheeses, vegetables and honey. Each of the two
entrances to the Forum of Constantine consists of a marble
archway. The forum's interior, oval and paved with large
stones, is filled with vendors' stalls.

The section of street beyond the Forum of Constantine is
well known for its clothing merchants, tailors and cobblers. Silk
and cotton finery can be found in the shade along this stretch of
the Mese. Also located here is the infamous House of Lamps.

House oF Lames

This one-story building, with one door to the Mese and
another leading to the Grand Bazaar between the Second and
Third Hills, is a frightening place. Lamps of various makes,
materials and sizes can be found within. Despite the low fires that
burn here, darkness seems to pervade the place, hidingcornersand
deepening shadows. The smoke that dances off candles almost
seems to whisper in vampires' ears, and the smell of incense stays
in the nostrils for days. Mortals do not seem to notice any of this,
but Cainites do, and they fear it. Any vampire who has ever
broken into the house has vanished, and whenever the house has
burned down, the city has followed suit. Cainites have under-
standably left the place unmolested for several decades.

Forum OF THEODOSIUS

The charm and mystique of the Mese dies at the Forum of
Theodosius, where sheep and pigs are sold. Surrounded by
colonnades, the center of the square-shaped forum is adorned
bya golden statue of Theodosius. Further west, the Mese splits
at the Capital Column.

THE CINDERGROUND WorLD

Constantinople's underground realm, one of the few
regions not designed for the likes of humanity, is used by the
Nosferatu of St. Ladre, a large group of Cainites and ghouls
that resides in the city illegally. The underground is the group's
kingdom and consists of three networks: tunnels, sewers and
aqueducts (with their adjoining cisterns). This network is
located primarily around the Great Walls of Theodosius II.

The Baron's Gangrel and Obertus Tzimisce have built more
tunnels beneath the Lycus Vale, and these have remained the
providence of the two families. Cut into solid rock, the families'


LayiA MabEER

The enigmatic owner,ofthe House of Lamps is a
mage whojhas Jived beyondihier Yeats through loyal
service to the Decani, an order of36 demons of disease.
Born in Alexandria, Layla was the wife of an Egyptian
trader \named / Jiy'al who brought grains to
Constantinople for tradé,. Having made several allies
within the city,Layla'shushand moved to the capital to
open shop'as'a grain merchant. He promised that he
would send for his, wife later» When Jiy'al vanished and
his brother, sought to learn, his fate, Layla‘managed to
convVince,he? brother-in-law to take her along. After
several. months inConstantinople, the twodiscoveréd
that Jiy'alhad/become a'slaye:to his own vices and was
now a.thrallto people he'called Setites.

When Jiy'al reyealed his fate, Setites ambushed the
thrée and the wwo brothers died. Layla's saving grace was
the Awakening of her Avatar, and the glowing corona of
light that surrounded her. Thotgh thedisplay of power was
minor, it was endugh tosend the frightened Setites scram-
bling and/gay¢ herthe chance to/escape intoithe night.

Spending her next few days hidden, Layla eventu-
ally camesupon the'House of Lamps and felt a'power
beckoning from within. That's when she met Azzatti, a
mage likehefselfand owner of the shop.He introduced
her to her Awakened nature ahd tovhis dark masters.
Ever since then, Layla hias lived in-theHouse of Lamps
as a Nephandus'—a demon-magé,

When \Azzatti\died, Layla became owner of the
shopandhasdefendedit well. Sheig currently 140 years
old and the fifthyNephandus to.take6Wnership of the
store. The House@fLamps is important because a Node
lies beneath it =a source of power for riiagi — and the
place is a Nephandus portal to the spirit realm.

Layla has recently taken.in the Baali known as
Mary the Black, and is using/her in an attempt to learn
more about Cainites. Mary, however, is proving to be a
powerful individual, and is eprapturing Layla with her
own dark nature.

underground tunnels are fortified by wooden beams and are
barely a shoulderbreadth in width. The ceilings are low, forcing
an adult to hunch over as she walks. The Baron's Gangrel and
Obertus Tzimisce have taken to sending ghoul children and
animals as messengers through the network.

Those tunnels that fall under the auspices of the Nosferatu
are secret passages that connect the various villas of the Great
Palace to one another, and that connect the Hagia Sophia,
Port of Bucoleon, Church of the Archangel Michael and the
Hippodrome. These tunnels are large enough for two men to
walk abreast and upright; the floors and walls are plastered and
supported by brick piers.


The Nosferatu also claim the sewer system, even though
it doesnot span the whole city. This system runs parallel to the
Mese (up to the point where the street branches), and extends
into the rich communities adjacent to the road. Thus the
Nosferatu have sewer access to the Great Palace, areas along
Ebolos Street, the districts of the Mangana, Mauras and
Arcadius, and the outlying areas of Blachernae Palace, Petrion
and the villas of Exokionion. (In game terms, the Nosferatu
can be where they need to be, when they need to be there.)
re located below the network of
aqueducts, to prevent sewage seeping into the water supply.
The dark sewer tunnels are cramped and lined with filth-
stained bricks. They are less thana yard high andare filled with
water that carries waste to the Sea of Marmora. Most Nosferatu
traveling through the sludge must doso on hand and knee, and
must resist the stench that would fell most mortals. Only a
handful, even among the Nosferatu, can stomach traveling

Constantinople's sewers

through the sewers on a regular basis.

The last of the Nosferatu's passages consist of the aque-
ducts and cisterns. Built from interlinking ceramic pipes, the
aqueducts are barely a yard in diameter and are filled with
water and inky darkness. Those pipes that extend from outside
the city, underneath the Great Walls of Theodosius II, are too
narrow to allow passage. Traveling through the aqueducts is
far more bearable than traveling through the sewers. The

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

constant rush of water allows the Nosferatu to slide through
the pipes at a quick rate if they travel with the flow (from west
to east). Those fighting the current can expect to double their
travel time. For fear of spreading disease, only those Nosferatu
not afflicted with leprosy (who include a handful of the St.
Ladre Nosferatu andall three Ma
passage through the pipes.

hite members) are allowed

The multitude of aqueducts, with the obvious exception
of Valens, are subterranean and connect to over 80 cisterns.
Nearly 70 of these reservoirs are also underground, while about
half are either neglected or forgotten. All were built in a
similar fashion, with a large central storage pool for water,
supporting columns, and access holes in the ceiling to a
number of aboveground wells. Cisterns that have been aban-
doned contain half-filled pools of dirty water, toppled columns,
and the occasional animal-turned-Nosferatu-ghoul. A couple
cisterns have collapsed completely or are on the verge of

nking into the earth. The Malachite have shown the St.

Ladre Nosferatu which abandoned cisterns may be used with-

out danger or fear of discovery.

Most Cainites have heard of the underground world, but
only the Gangrel, Nosferatu and Tzimisce know of it in detail.
Only the Nosferatu use it with any regularity, and even they
whisper of half-glimpsed shapes in the depths. More than one
subterranean Cainite has vanished.


BAsILica CisTERN

The largest reservoir in the aqueduct system is the
Basilica Cistern, located directly under the Great Pal-
ace. Built with a roof as expansive as any church's (it is
supported by over 300 columns that stand 40 feet tall),
the Basilica measures 470 by 230 feet, holds 20,000,000
gallons of water and is attached to a number of local
wells. The capitals used in its construction were scav-
enged from a badilicd formerly located above thé cistern.

The Basilica Cistern was originally built by Em-
peror Justinian as one of the reservoirs for the imperial
palace, but has recently become a dumping ground for
waste and corpses. Several St. Ladre Nosferatu secretly
forage beneath its waters, feeding off corpses and grow-
ing more bestial by the night.

REGION 1

The Great Palace Complex, Harbor of Bucoleon, Sera-
glio Lighthouse, Suburb of Arcadius, Suburb of Mangana

One of the oldest districts of Constantinople, Region 1
occupies the southeastern portion of the peninsula and re:
on the slope of the city's First Hill. Most of its estates and
buildings were designed for the imperial family, as alternatives
to the Great Palace, but when the royal residence moved to
Blachernae, Region | became the center of Byzantine vampiric

life
THe Great PALACE

The southwestern slope of the First Hill is dominated by the
haphazardly designed Great Palace. Full of villas, gardens, baths,
fountains, courts, churches, halls (500 orso), golden domes, high
towers and royal apartments, it is an impressive display of poor
planning. Every potentate whoruled the city before the Comneni
added to the palace with little regard to an overall scheme.
Courts and gardens link buildings, annexes of all sizes crazily jut
from palaces, and various halls and passages connect estates ina
mad spider web.

The Great Palace is a motley of architectural styles. But
despite its seemingly random agglomeration of structures, it is
still breathtaking. Royal villas stand proudly amid gardens of
colored flowers and carefully tended lawns. Numerous groves
of trees, meticulously groomed and primped, hide a maze of
cobblestone paths. Fountains bearing angels and saints with
distinctive Roman appearance adorn small parks, while la
ponds are populated by bright fish.

Michaelite Toreador, Antonian Ventrue and Lexor Brujah
have all been known to frequent the gardens, walking its
winding paths and losing themselves in thought.

Although the royal residence has now moved to Blachernae,
the estates of the Great Palace are still well maintained and are
the center of unlife for Cainites. Vampires, especially the
Antonian Ventrue, hold great sway over the maintenance and

habitation of the palace. The palace is ruled by Cainite law and
everything within is subject to vampire approval. Whether the
city outside crumbles or thrives, Trinity families' control of the
Great Palace is supreme.

The entrance to the palace, the Chalce, is a gate-building
that faces the Hippodrome. The interior of the Chalce, like that
of most of the palace's villas and halls, is gilded in gold and white
mother-of-pearl, sealed with bronze doors, sheathed with copper
roof tiles, and draped with the richest silks of the Orient. It is the
epitome of tasteful extravagance.

From the Chalce, a marble-floored vestibule and discreet
archway leads to the quarters of the Hicanati Palace Guard.
Beyond that lies the reception room and the doors to the
Church of St. Savior's and the Triclinium. The latter isa large
silk-draped banquet hall that contains a fountain with a
centerpiece of four bronze horses, and énough beds to accom-
modate 300 guests for feasts. The Toreador Petronius throws
blood feasts here in true Roman style, whenever he petitions
the help of one faction or another. Indeed, some feasts are so
lavish that the Trinity families are forced to rely on the help
of Khay'tall's Setites to procure slaves, victims and "entertain-
ment" n-fixated Toreador find
alternately amusing and discomforting.

an irony which the H

Further still lie gardens where peacocks and brightly
plumed fowl strut, and where the Palace of Daphne rests,
named after the statue of a nymph that lies in a small court
before the entrance. Even farther in is the Sacred Palace, the
emperor's own private apartment, now haven to the Ventrue
leader Caius. The entrance to the palace is an enclosed
peristyle courtyard that is lined with mosaics between granite
colonnades. Beneath its sloped, copper-tiled roof, the Sacred
Palace is built in classical Roman style, with balconies, flank-
ingcolumnsand marble veneer. Touches of Byzantine influence
are evident, however, in the arches of the windows and
porticoes that line the building.

KHIDRE, THE GREEN MAN

Far older than Constantinople itself, legends of

Khidre, the Green Man, predate even Islam and Chris-
tianity. He is found in the Book of Gilgamesh, mentioned
inthe Ke
prince who was granted eternal youth. To the Sufis, he is

nand spoken of in storiesasa vizier toa Persian
held as a patron saint and herald of revelation. His tales
have already spread to Europe and influenced anumber of
festivals and poets (and could possibly be the inspiration
for theas-yet-unwritten Sir Gawain and the Green Knight).
Khidreissaid tobeakind of faecreature who ridesa gray
horse through the forests of Anatolia, and isseen foronly the
briefest of moments. Recently, sightings of him have in-
creased and several witnesses — including the Ravnos
Gregory — have attested to seeing him in the gardens of the
Great Palace, harrying his horse through the old groves.

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY


Further still stands the Chrysotriclinium, a large marble
building with an adjoining oratory and a massive octagonal
chamber where Cainiteshold gatheringsand balls. The Ventrue
hold social gatherings twice a week and invite all Byzantine
vampires to attend.

To the northeast of the Sacred Palace stands the Palace of
Magnaura, a residence filled with the fantastic mechanical toys of
the Ravnos Gregory and his apprentice Zoe. Once used to house
foreign ambassadors, dignitaries and monarchs, this palace is per-
haps the most lavish of those on the estate. Within the three-story
Roman villa are bronze-and-gold palm trees, wall panels made of
obsidian and onyx, jade statues from the Orient and African ivory
and furniture built from Lebanese cedar and Anatolian pine.

VENTRUE GATHERINGS

A palace gatheritig bégins‘in_the evening with an
informal visit to'the'Chrysotriclinium's baths. Following
this, Cainités:soothe. theirdead)flesh with tmaSages and
deep oil:rubs performed by Venttue ghouls: Guests then
watch the'Ventrue and theirghouls play/a'game of polo on
the field near Bucoleon:A ftér that,they areinvitéd to the
banguet hall fora feast during which they.feed from mortals
who have been intoxicated with various spirits andidrugs.
The feast lasts 'for a good portionyof.the night"as events
altefnate between feeding and general conversation.

Following dinner, the crowd is entertained by
Gregorius the Malkavian and his troupe of actors,
Gregory-theRaynos who bedazzles all. with one of his
new mechanical creations, or by Petronius the Torea-
dor who displays his skillandwit-a8 a Roman satirist.

In the late nights guests pursué individual activi
ties: chrowing around a shCepgut ball, playing¢ard and
dice games, retiring to thé baths; engaging in debates or
enjoying the solitude of the gardens. Most deals and
temporary alliancés‘afe forged at'this time of night.

To the southwest is the Palace of the Bucoleon, two villas
mounted atop the sea battlements that overlook a port of the
same name. Marble stairs descend to the quay below and, as
befits a royal port, it caters solely to dignitaries and the
emperor himself. Protected from the violent winds of the sea,
Bucoleon is made of marble and adorned with a menagerie of
sculpted animals. The proudest of these works is piece called
the Bucoleon. It depicts a marble lion and bull engaged in a
fierce battle. This sculpture reputedly holds great magical
power. When a major disaster befalls Constantinople, the
heads of the two animals purportedly turn to face the city.

East of the Bucoleon isa large polo field. A game of the elite,
polo was played by the emperor and his entourage before they
movedto Blachernae. The field, spectator benchesand adjoining
stables are still used, but by the Antonian Ventrue and their
ghouls who acquired a taste forthe sport by watching the imperial
family. The field is lined with lanterns for playing at night.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

ARTIFACTS OF THE GREAT PALACE

Many of Constantinople's villasaridpalaces, though
Roman in design, were built withjadjotning dratories
andchurches. Thirtystich houses of worship exist within
the confines of the Great Palace, and some ate made
even more grand bythe presence of Christianiand Judaic
artifacts (or at least, what are\believed to be authentic
artifacts; Whether they aré or,not is another matter
entirely)-"Although thé imperial family has\moved to
Blachérnae Palace fear the Great Walls of Theodosius
II, these relicsiremain behind, much to the consterna-
tion of ‘thé»Cainites.) On! Michael the Patriarch's
unyielding edict; these items are to remain, where they
are. The palace: churches and oratories, though well
maintained and guarded by martially trained ghouls, are
abandoned and Solitary places that few vampires visit.
Their holy power keeps Cainites from these places?

Within the dark interiorof St. Stephen's Church
in the Palace of Daphne tests the leathér-bound tome
containing the gospels of St. Matthew) supposedly
written by Barnabas. The yellow/pages have hot seen
the'light of day for several decades: The Oratoryoof St.
Theadore, bright and luminescent, holds a seemingly
innocuous piece of ancient gnarled wood that is out of
place inthe grandeur of its'surroundings. The appear-
ance of the Rodsof Moses is deceiving, however, and
many fear the day when someone\will lay theirhands on
it and'eall forth the wrath of God.

The most lavishly decorated church of the Great
Palace, Our Lady of the Pharos has an interior that
glitters with precious stones, gold and silverja tribute to
daylight itself. Within the church's,alcoyes rest four
artifacts that apparently witnessed the sufferings of Jesus
Christ. The worn and ancient Lance of Passion, which
may have pierced the side of the Messiah, rests upon a
large rectangular pillow; The head of the lance is said to
still gleam with fresh blood. The last Cainite who
suggested sampling the-vitae was ripped to shreds by the
Methuselah Michael. Next mple gray iron nail that
could be from the True Cross. The ugly spike rests in a
case, not rusted or fettered by time. In another case lies
a crown of thorns, apparently as green as the day it
pierced the brow of Christ. In the last aleove stands a
simple boulder: large, gray and heavy. It is\supposedly
the stone rolled away from the Holy Sepulcher when the
Apostleseame to the tomb of the Messiah. It is rumored
thatthe servants who initially placed the massive stone
in the church foundiit to be as light as a child.

Finally, in the Great Palace's "New Church" 6r
Nea) the girdle anda portion of the mantle worn bythe
prophet Elijah cambe found. Threadbare and agedithe
artifacts bear the wounds of time with dignity.


Arcapius District

To the northeast of the Great Palace enclosure — a 30-
foot-high wall that surrounds the palace — lies the tiny and
haunted district of Arcadius. When the suburb of the Mangana
tothe north was still a military district and the imperial family
called the Great Palace home, the district of Arcadius was
occupied by rich families and military officers who tried to
garner the favor of the royal echelons. After the emperor
moved to Blachernae, many families moved as well, leaving
Arcadius sparsely populated.

Many villas now lie abandoned; only a few rich families
remain. While the streets are paved and homes furnished to
the extent of contemporary convenience, the abandoned
buildings are dilapidated and worn. Property walls are eroded
like old teeth, fallen plaster leaves houses skinned, windows
are stripped of shutters and stare like hollow eyes, and gardens
are hip-deep in long grass and weeds. As soon as the sun sets,
Arcadius' few residents cover their windows and light fires to
keep the predators away. At night, the Chosen of Calomena
come out of the abandoned homes that serve as temporary
havens and stalk the streets.

Barus of ArcaADIUS

To the east of Arcadius, the Seraglio Lighthouse is kept
lit, warning ships away from the rocky shore. Further along the
sea wall is the massive two-story Baths of Arcadius. The baths'
chambers are adorned with bright murals, flowery friezes, floor

mosaics and pine furniture. All the rooms, which can be
accessed by doors that lead outside, are built around an open-
air atrium. The rooms are dedicated to lie steam, mineral and
cold baths, massage areas, private and public saunas, lavato-
, dressing chambers, and a common room for relaxing and
iscourse with fellow patrons.

The baths are overseen by Nicepherus, the Ventrue Caeser
Magister, and are open to all Byzantine Cainites. Although
closed to the mortal populace after sunset, the waters of the baths
are kept hot and the smell of mineral oils and salts still hangs in
the air, enticing the night's denizens. Two hours before dawn,
many vampires can still be found here, soaking in hot water to
chase the chill from their ancient bones.

CuarcH OF ST. SAVIOR
AND THE PALACE OF THE MANGANA

The Church of St. Savior, a structure of modest demeanor,
containsa fountain that is reputed to heal the infirm. The Palace
of the Mangana, a small royal villa with two-tiered porticoes on
the facade, overlooks the church to the west. The palace serves
no real function other than to house sick emperors while
servants fetch them healing draughts from the nearby fountain.

In his sane years, Michael the Patriarch was known to
retire here for lenghty periods to reflect upon his unlife.
Following the death of his lover, the Ventrue Methuselah
Antonius, Michael spent several months brooding within the
palace walls.

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY


REGION 2

Acropolis, Church of Irene, Hagia Sophia, Kynegion
Amphitheatre, Orphanage of St. Paul, Senate Basilica,
Seraglio Point, Street of Tzycanisterion

One of the oldest sections of the city, Region 2 dominates
the First Hill and overlooks the Bosporus and Marmora. Some
centuries ago, the region was part of the military district and
was well maintained by the emperor. More recently the
military has moved to the Blachernae and Jucendiae Palaces,
and the areas around the Acropolis and Seraglio Point are
suffering from neglect. On the other hand, sites bordering
Region 1, such as Hagia Sophia and the Senate Basilica, are
still regarded as centers of mortal affairs.

Tzycanisterion Street, a main thoroughfare, winds from
the walls of the Great Palace, past the Acropolis and through
the military district of the Mangana. Its paved surface, though
old, is well preserved.

Acropolis AND ORPHANAGE OF St, PAUL
Upon the apex of the First Hill rests the remains of the
venerated Greek Acropolis. Once a proud monument to
paganism, the Acropolis i
columns, skeletal wal!

now a mausoleum of shattered
smashed altars, and ruined temples

once dedicated to Zeus and Athena. Crumbling stairs lead to
an expansive terrace that is cracked by age and weeds. Magnus,
the leader of the Orthodox Lasombra, can sometimes be found
here, walking among the ruins, remembering his past.

Close to the Acropolis, on its southwestern face, stands
the Orphanage of St. Paul: a series of adjoining buildings that
loom over an open courtyard. Devoid of columns and other
dressings, this monastery is Spartan. It is sponsored by the
monks of St. Paul, and the order sees to the well-being of
Constantinople's forgotten children.

For centuries, St. Paul's was decreed off-limits on pain of
Final Death by Michael the Patriarch. These nights, however,
Michael's attention is elsewhere, and daring Cainites occa-
sionally raid the orphanage for a midnight draught of sweet
young vitae. Use of Dominate ensures that any disappearances
are conveniently overlooked.

SENATE BASILICA

Bordering the Forum Augustaion's southern wall, the Sen-
ate Basilica serves as Constantinople's senate house. It isa white,
rectangular building that features 20-foot double doors, ashlar
walls thatare adorned with stone relief panels, and two adjoining
wings. The Lexor Brujah proudly hold court in the Senate
Basilica, even though they realize it is nothing more than
expensive housing for glorified bureaucrats whose decisions are
tertiary to the will of the emperor and the whims of the military.

Cuaurcu oF Haein Sopuia

To the north of the Basilica stands Constantinople's most
identifiable landmark, the Church of Hagia Sophia. As the
third hub of life in the city — following the Great Palace and
the Hippodrome — itis a massive monument to the Orthodox


Church anda reminder of the power of the imperial throne. A
veritable fortress surmounted by a monumental dome, Hagia
Sophia threatens to dwarf the very hill it rests upon.

Constructed in the classical form of a basilica-style church
with an elongated nave, Hagia Sophiaisan architectural master-
piece. Itsgiantdome seemingly defies gravity. The central bronze
doors leading from the narthex into the church are used only by
the emperor; everyone else must use the side doors. The interior
— despite the multitude of rectangular alcoves, semicircular
niches, and windowed arches that support the vaulted ceiling —
is graced with a central core that is open from the ground floor
tothe dome above. The four piers of large brick that support the
overhead structure are mortared with lead, while the dome is
flanked by two semidomes and a vaulted ceiling.

Hagia Sophia shames many imperial villas in beauty and
lavish design. The walls feature frescoes against gold back-
grounds. Peloponnesian green marble, Libyan yellow marble
and red marble from a temple in Baalbek were used in the
construction of the columns, walls, floors and window frames.
Murals are bordered with onyx and ivory. Gold mosaics are
hidden in the apse and other alcoves. A variety of precious
metals, jewels and stones encrust the interior beyond the
definition of opulence. Forty windows around the base rim of
Sophia's dome permit sunlight that, beaming in at all times of
the day, sets the gold interior ablaze. Unfortunately, this is a
spectacle which Cainites can never see — a tragedy that the
Michaelite Toreador are painfully aware of.

THE CHURCH OF IRENE

In the northeast of Region 2, the Church of Irene stands
dwarfed by her larger neighbor, Hagia Sophia. Home to
Magnus, leader of the Lasombra scion family, the structure is
in basilica style, but with two side bays rather than three aisles
constituting the nave. The side walls are lined with four levels
of square windows. The vaulted ceiling at the western end of
the church (the entrance) is barrel-shaped, while its dome is
rimmed by bricks in which arched windows are set.

Muurary District oF THE MANGANA
Atthenorthem base of the Acropolis, between the sea wall
of the Golden Horn and the steep slope of the First Hill, sits the
military district of the Mangana, known as Seraglio Point.
Though it is no longer of preeminent importance,
Constantinople's war engines are still built and stored in ware-
houses here, and the region does have a library on ballistics.
Unfortunately, the district has even lost its naval signifi-
cance; control of the navy has shifted to the city's Latins. Indeed,
the area beyond Seraglio Point has become Latin-dominated.
During the pinnacle of Byzantine might, Seraglio Point
served as home to officers, soldiers and their families. After the
exodus of most of the military from the area, the barracks were
converted into dwellings for the poor. The emperor's gift to his
people, the one-story barracks is now run-down and on the verge
of collapse. Financial woes prevent the empire from maintaining

A Nicut atKyNEGION
AMPHITHEATRE

Malachite, leader of the scion family of Nosferatu
that bore his name, drifted through the district with
little intent. Although he was caught in quiet reflec-
tion, the noise coming from the nearby amphitheater
piqued his interest.

An ancient forum for wild animals once attached
to the Acropolisy/KynegionsAmphitheatre was built
into.thé slope of the First Hilland overlooked/asmall
sunken arena. Although, thought abandoned by the
mortal populace, it was still used by the childer of Caine
to pit ghoul animals against each other. The walls
surrounding the arena were, at one time, adorned with
granite columns and statues of former emperors. Now
those decorations had been torn from their moorings
and thrown into the arena by vampires attending the
animal duels.

Hollers and jeers could be heard as a black mastiff
— the favored beast of the Baron's Gangrel — maimed
a grossly mutated amalgamation of cats brought in by a
member of the Obertus Tzimisce. Suddenly the cat-
beast, bloody and hissing through multiple mouths,
split into seven distinct felines — one of which was
already dead — all linked through umbilical cords.
They swarmed the poor dog, Malachite did not bother
to watch the inevitable outcome and continued on his
way. Anywhere was better than here.

the region, so crime is rampant and no home is safe. Bandit-
squatters go from one place to the next, insinuating themselves
in other people's houses, threatening families that live there, and
living off them like leeches.

Although the streets in this area are paved, portions have
been eaten away by wear. The sewer system is clogged with
debris, and side streets fill with refuse and waste.

REGION 3

Bukanon Tower, Church of the Archangel Michael,
Church of S.S. Sergius and Bacchus, The Hippodrome,
Harbor of Sophia, Sigma

The very air seems to change upon entering Region 3; it is
imbued with energy. This is home to one of the centers of the
city: the Hippodrome, located on the Second Hill. Some of
Constantinople's wealthiest citizens are residents of this region,
and the presence of the Byzantine Marine Exchange in the
Harbor ofSophia ensures that the area is alwaysa hive of activity.

THE HippopROME

The foundations for the arena known as the Hippodrome
(also called the Circus) were laid in A.D. 203 after the Roman
Emperor Septimius Severus razed the city to the ground. The

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY


arena was built to quell the populace after the destruction he
wrought. Located near the now-vanished Wall of Byzantium,
it was dedicated in honor of the mythological twins, Castor
and Pollux. Although Septimius never completed his gift, the
arena was opened on the 1 1th of May, A.D. 330, the same day
that the city itself was inaugurated.

One of the three centers of mortal life, along with the
Great Palace and the Hagia Sophia, the Hippodrome is a
rectangular structure. It holds 40 rows of seats that overlook
the arena floor. Above the seats is a promenade that runs the
length of the Circus. The promenade is decorated with por-
phyry columns, bronze horses, marble lions and a variety of
other precious stone effigies.

During the day, mortals cheer as charioteers whip their
horses around the spina (the central backbone of the racetrack).
The racers — Inhonestae Personae — are primarily Jews and
undesirables fit only for death. The spina is known as the "axis of
the empire," and is adorned with several monuments. At either
end stands a golden column. They represent the sun and moon.

Audiences are organized into groups called Blues and
Greens, a tradition carried down from Roman times. Blues
(the wealthy and Orthodox) occupy the northern seats. Greens
(the lower class and members of the heretical Monophysite
sect) take the southern seats. The races are brutal and contes-
tants are devoid of sportsmanship. Yet, the "use of magic"
during these events is prohibited by law.

On thesouthern face of the Circus, overlooking the track,
is the Kathisma, the emperor's box. A silk curtain shields it to
keep it cool when not in use. Otherwise, the curtains are
drawn, allowing the public to see its ruler. The Kathisma, a
series of apartments that adjoin the Hippodrome through a
private entrance is where the emperor retires, changes cloth-
ing or feasts during an afternoon at the Circus. A passage also
leads from these apartments to the Chalce of the Great Palace.
It is used to protect the emperor from the masses as he leaves
the Hippodrome. The passage also serves as a conduit through
which the Cainites of the city, or at least those on friendly
terms with the Antonian Ventrue, can pass unseen.

The games are so popular that they run an entire day.
Many spend their afternoons in the Hippodrome, betting on
events, rooting for preferred teams, feasting, and rarely leaving
their seats for fear of losing them. The Hippodrome also stages
shows, performances, public executions and even imperial
coronations. St. John Chrysostom dubbed the place the
"Satanodrome," a haven for vices.

At night, as mortal crowds thin out, Cainites and their
ghouls prepare for late-night festivities. The Ventrue Anna
Comnena and Caius often watch the nightly festivities from
the Kathisma. Though performances are staged and appreci-
ated, the most popular of the "night games" is gladiatorial
combat that features condemned criminals. Such sport has
been preserved by the Cainites since ancient Roman times,
and sates their craving for bloodthirsty brutality.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

District of Maurus

At the bottom of the Second Hill, toward the Marmora,
is the Harbor of Sophia. Between it and the Hippodrome rests
the district of Maurus, which is dedicated to the residences of
pastand present Byzantine potentates and influential families.
The expansive estates — though nowhere near as large as
those outside the city — contain stately Roman mansions and
beautiful gardens, and are surrounded by a network of paved
streets. When their manors are built, owners try to outdo their
neighbors by creating preposterously ostentatious homes.

Several Cainites, mostly Michaelite Toreador and some
Antonian Ventrue, hold secondary residences in this area. As
such, the district is far better guarded, lit and patrolled than the
adjacent region of Kontoscalion. The patrol units—members of
the Varangian and Scholai Guards — recognize most of the
people who live in the district, andaccompany visitors and guests
totheirdestinations. Those individuals simply "passing through"
are escorted out of the district.

THE HARBOR OF SOPHIA AND THE SIGMA

The Harbor of Sophia, named after Justinian II's empress, is
lined with statues of Justinian, Sophia and her daughter Arabia.
A fourth statue, that of Narses, has been defaced by unknown
parties. Surrounded by three large warehouses, this port houses
aricherclassof vessel than those dockingatnearby Kontoscalion.

The Sigma, a green portico-styled two-story buildingon the
harbor, is built for merchants and traders to rest, barter, change
currency and report with the Marine Exchange. The Sigma is
never empty; all the captains and merchants who enter or leave
the harbor's various ports (save the Latin ones) report here. Also
bordering the Harbor of Sophia to the east is Bukanon Tower, a
40-foot structure of cemented blocks that offers a commanding
view of the Sea of Marmora. Massive trumpets are placed in this
hollow structure to herald the departure of the imperial fleetand
to direct the flow of ship traffic.

Cuarcues oF Maurus

In addition to the various churches in the district — St.
Thekla, St. Thomas of Amantiou, St. Julian Perdix and St.
John the Forerunner — two other houses of worship merit
attention. The first is the Church of S.S. Sergius and Bacchus.
It was built by Justinian | as two adjoining churches dedicated
to its namesake soldier-saints (they appeared before Emperor
Anastasius and pleaded on Justinian's behalf when he lay
under sentence of death).

Built on a rectangular foundation with a central dome,
the front of the combined churches is adorned with an arched
portico. Inside is a two-level ambulatory that dominates the
entrance of the building, and a gallery overlooks the whole
church. A number of minor niches and recesses are inter-
spersed along the gallery'ssides, and there isa large apse toward
the rear. Although the twin churches are admired, they lack
the extravagance of others.


The second church of note is dedicated to the Archangel
Michael and is the center of Constantinople's cult worship of
Michael the Patriarch —a movement directed by the Magnus
Lasombra. Though the Toreador Methuselah is not actually
hidden here, his torpid body is brought to the church through
tunnels whenever he is to appear to the faithful. Michael's
house of worship is a cruciform church, surmounted by six
golden domes and a peristyle narthex front. The outside walls
are fine ashlar, and inner walls are covered in sheets of green

marble. Four domes line the main rectangular strip of the

church and end in a large silk-covered apse from which
Michael appears. The interior of the three-story church is
lined to the ceiling with arched marble-frame windows. In
many respects, the Church of St. Michael is very similar to the
Church of the Holy Apostles.

Tue Latin QUARTER:
REGIONS 4-7 AND 13

From Seraglio Point, the adjacent regions along the
Golden Horn comprise a world entirely different from the rest
of Constantinople. Here, Europe is exemplified by Latins.
Except for the Embolos thoroughfare, which connects the
Golden Horn to the Sea of Marmora, the streets are unpaved.
The sewage system consists of open trenches that run along-
side rundown homes where children play barefoot. The houses

aresmalland compressed intoa claustrophobic maze of lightless
corridors. And, large overhanging balconies cast alleys into an
even darker pallor.

The neighborhoods of the Golden Horn are slums with an
estimated population of 60,000 Latins. The Latin Quarter is
quietly run by the Narsene Lasombra. The unnaturally dark
streets and black alleys are attributed to these vampires'
particular "gifts." While Byzantine Cainites are allowed entry,
their passage is not protected and few "foreign" vampires are
stupid enough to tread into the quarter.

Latin merchants control the ports along this stretch of the
Golden Horn. The quarter's wall and the sea are separated by
astrip of shore that wider than that found along the Marmora.
Fish markets dominate small quays, while smuggler corsairs
dock at various harbors (for a fee, of course) without fear of
reprisal from the Marine Exchange. The Latins have built and
maintain their own warehouses and granaries. Even the former
Harbor of Neorion, the proud Byzantine naval yard, is now
under the management of the Venetians.

Although neighborhoods located between the Latin
Golden Horn's slums and the Mese are Byzantine, poverty in
the Latin Quarter has infested these communities as well.
While the sewage systems still work in some of the outlying
Byzantine areas, exposed and broken pipes vomit waste into
many neighborhoods. Several cisterns that feed local ground

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY


wells are contaminated, and money to fix pockmarked streets

and deteriorating Byzantine homes has not been forthcoming
from the emperor.

It comes as no surprise, then, that citizens of Greek
districts which neighbor the Latin Quarter are the most

and has even resulted in incidents of arson, theft, rape and
assault. Enterprising Cainites have used these clashes as cover
for their feeding.

PisaN District

From Seraglio Point, the first Latin district is that of the
Pisans. Situated around the gates of Eugenuis and the Pora
Veteris Rectoris, the district is home to the Tower of Mangana,
from which a chain stretches across the Golden Horn to the
Galata Tower on the opposite shore. During times of war, the
chain is pulled across the water line, protecting the bay from
enemy fleets.

When the Byzantine military was in possession of this
district, the land kept clear and was known as the Strategion,
a drill field for soldiers. Now all that remains of that name in
this neighborhood of pauper-poor homes is the ill-maintained
Strategion Forum. Surrounded by homes made of rotted tim-
ber, the Strategion is the unofficial center of the Pisan district.
The once-proud porticoes and colonnades that surround the

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

large square are now chipped and eroded, and the alabaster-
white floor is covered in a vile mixture of hay and dung from
animals sold here.

AMALFITAN QUARTER

Builtaround the Gate and Port of Neorion, the Amalfitan
Quarter is located in the valley between Constantinople's
Second and Third Hills. This area once served as part of the
imperial yards for the Byzantine navy (the other half of which
was on the opposite shore of the Golden Horn). Converted by
the Amalfitan and Ven
sailors, the military barrac!

n merchants into hostels for their
‘s at one time housed 24,000 sol-
diers. A number of European Cainites, under the protection of
the Narsene Lasombra, now use these meager accommoda-
tions as their havens. The Children of Judas —a scion family
of the Setites under the Michaelite Toreador —also maintain
secret safe houses in this district, and use them as spy posts.

JEWISH QUARTER

Further west along the wall of the Golden Horn, a tiny
enclave of Jews nestles among the districts of the hostile
Latins. The Jews control access to the Gate of the Perama
Porta Hebraica, a quay holding one of the largest fish markets
on the Golden Horn.

Despised by both Latins and New Romans, the Jewish
community has long been besieged. Ruffians and rabble-
rousers from both camps have stolen through the quarter's


streets, robbing and murdering whomever they have encoun-
tered. However, these incidents recently ceased after someone
in the community retaliated by killing hostile intruders. The
Narsene Lasombra tried to quell whatever resistance had
manifested, but to date have failed to find it.

Elijah, a powerful and enigmatic Kaballistic mage, de-
fends his community. Uninterested in events that transpire
outside his neighborhood, Elijah has remained well hidden
and is constantly vigilant against intruders. The Narsene
Lasombra are leaving the Jewish community alone for the time
being.

THE GREAT BAZHAR

Spread across the valley and slopes of the Second and
Third Hills, the Great Bazaar is one of the few areas shared by
Latins and Byzantines. It extends to the House of Lamps at the
edge of the Mese and is bordered to the west by Embolos Street,
the only paved road in the Latin Quarter.

The bazaar is an eclectic gathering of shanty shops, crude
booths, homes, store keeps, peddlers on carts and vendors
seated on carpets. While the Mese's merchants cater to the
luxurious tastes of the affluent, the Great Bazaar is the market-
place of the commoner. The daytime streets are crowded with
local shoppers and visitors attired in foreign fashions. Chil-
dren run wild, playing and thieving. Prostitutes beckon to
strangers from second-story windows. And, mendicants ply a
mixed craft of begging and pickpocketing.

At night the bazaar empties and is strangely devoid of

noise. Predators stalk the streets; only those who are prepared
to fight or die dare be outside. Guard patrols enforce a curfew
of 7:00 on taverns; the streets are dangerous enough without
people drinking and making even more mischief.

Some businessmen, however, know whom to bribe in
order to stay open after curfew. Their establishments have
become gathering places for plebeian Cainites. These are
stores and inns where nobody asks after your business, infor-
mation can be acquired and trades made, and people die or
vanish without question.

VENETIAN QUARTER

On the eastern border of the Great Bazaar sprawls the
largest and most powerful of the Latin mercantile groups, the
Venetians. Their control of sea trade goes virtually unchal-
lenged, save for the efforts of the Genoese at Galata.

Latins first took up residence in Constantinople during
the rule of Alexius Comnenus in the 11th century, In dire
financial straits, the imperial throne handed out trading
concessions to the Venetians in exchange for an alliance. The
move sounded the death knell for Byzantine merchants and
the imperial navy, and provided the Latins with a portion of
the city that was under their direct control.

Thestreets of the Venetian quarter are patrolled regularly
by Narsene Lasombra ghouls. The Lasombra maintain their
own warehouses and granaries, and even refuse to divulge the

Sitk Road AND Saut Aswap

There are two taverns in the Great Bazaar that
have been in business for de¢ades. Both are kept open
after curfew, and both are frequented by Cainites. The
first is owned by the city's Setites. The Silk Road is a
three-story building of néndescript appearance. Its
only distinguishing chara¢teristic is its heavy) bronze
door. The square window atid upper-floot balcofies
are heavily shuttered, revealing nothing of the ititerior.

Inside, the Silk Roads only'slightly more hospi-
table and_comhfortablé: The first fldoris-the tavern
propet, and.is kept dimly lit so that nocturnal patrons
arenotdistuirbed. Qurtainéd alcovesand recessed booths
kéep mahy customers hidden? Prostitutes make their
way around the room; dark nichesserve aswell as any
bedchatber.

For those seeking mote privacy, the second story is
a maze of small rooms for rent.-Male prostitutes, chil-
dren and animals are réadily available ifithe Setites are
givena night's warning) The third stoty.of the SilkRoad
contains an Eastern-style hashish den, complete,with
floor pillows and pipes. The hashish is brought in.on
trade routes from the Orient, Cainite customers are
invited to feed off the drug-laced vitae of mortal addicts.

Unknown to most, the' Setites maintain, their
temple to Sutekh in an abandoned cistern below the
inn, The entrance to the chamber is located in the
cellar and is reached through an ancient Well. The
temple, filled with Egyptian wall cartouches, statues,
artifacts and sarcophagi, is also littered with ftee-roam-
ing asps and vipets some of which have been turned
into ghouls.

The second, tayern, Saut Aswad, a more|respect-
able establishment, is considered neutral ground by
Latin and Byzantine Cainites. It isa place where,they
may meet and di§gcuss their différences. Located on
Embolos Street, Satit Aswad is done-story affair with a
rich Anatolian.pine and Mt. Lebanon cedar interior.
The mainfloor is large and open, though there are side
booths and'smalf corridors leading to other rooms if
patrons seek private meetings. After curfew, most of the
mortal clientele aré either in the service of a Cainite or
enjoy being fed upon.

locations of their havens to the Trinity. This policy, however,
limits their access outside the region, and few Narsene are
foolhardy enough to step into hostile territory.

GENOESE QUARTER

Across the Golden Horn lie the shores of Galata, also
knownas Region 13, and the Genoese community that makes
its home there. Originally, Galata was used by the imperial

CHAPTER THREE; GEOGRAPHY


navy as a construction yard for their mighty dromons (300-
man warships sailed by Russian crews). Galata was also the site
of the admiralty and arsenal of the Byzantine navy.

The Genoese were afforded rights along Byzantine trade
routes back in the ninth century in hopes that they could
challenge the Venetians who dominated the sea ways. The
maneuver backfired, though, and only weakened Byzantine
ship trade further; the empire's merchants now had to contend
with two avaricious competitors.

In the 12th century, the Genoese have providence over
the northern shores of the Golden Horn, including the Tower
of Galata, adome-mounted structure thatconnects the Golden
Horn chain to the Tower of Mangana on the opposite shore.
The once-small community of the Genoese is expanding
along the shores of Galata as more and more one-story homes,
quays and warehouses are built.

REGION 7

South Embelos Street, Suburb of Kontoscalion

The district of Kontoscalion is prime feeding ground for
many of the city's undiscriminating Cainites. Cramped homes
and overhanging balconies create a network of dark alleys and
passages. It is a miserable place to die. The residences, how-
ever, are of better quality than those along the Golden Horn.
Most of the people are employed and can afford decent
accommodations. The streets, though crowded with traffic,
are well kept, as are the local cisterns and wells.

HARBOR OF KONTOSCALION

Most of the streets around this harbor's ports are not
paved. Thus, pack animals, carriages and cargoes are often
drudged through muddy runoff. Yet, these conditions are
bearable compared to those of the streets in the slums. The
harbor's only flagstone road apart from the Mese is Embolos, a

thoroughfare that connects Kontoscalion to the Latin Quarter
through the Grand Bazaar. The road is invariably crowded with
sailors, horses, traders, carriages, merchants and dock workers.

Asone of the few active harbors along the Sea of Marmora,
Kontoscalion is constantly crowded with a variety of Mediter-
ranean mercantile vessels. The district around the port is lined
with warehouses, granaries, inns of dubious reputation and
hostels for sailors. Guard patrols make their presence known,
though they still can't stop petty crimes.

REGION 8

Apart from the stretch of the Mese that runs from the Forum
of Theodosius to Constantine, Region 8 holds no churches ot
monuments of interest, only homes that crowd the slope of the
Third Hill. Like many of the districts adjacent to the Latin Quarter,
this Byzantine neighborhood is a slum. Many of the streets in this
crowded region comprise little more than labyrinthine corridors
that are filled with refuse and surrounded by faceless buildings. The
streets are almost impossible to patrol. Dead bodies are often
discovered only after their smell begins to draw packs of dogs.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

REGION 9

Harbor of Heptascalon, Monastery of St. Myrelaion

As one treks up the slope of the Third Hill, homes seem
to increase in quality and value. The houses closest to the city
walls are hovels that are so tightly packed that a person could
whisper from window to window. Homes further up the hill
and closer to the Mese are blessed with more space and
amenities. Residents joke that their homes actually crawl up
the hill to get away from the rabble below.

To the north of the Marmora sea-battlements stands the
walled monastery of St. Myrelaion, a bastion of Orthodoxy amid
a sea of residences. With the exception of its size and domed
church, the steep-faced building is unassuming. It does not
beckon the worshippers as Hagia Sophia and St. Studion do.

HARBOR OF HEPTASCALON

The region's impoverishment is reflected in the Harbor of
Heptascalon. Ever-rising levels of sand are blamed for the
closing of the port. All know, however, that it was not the cost
of upkeep that closed the port, but the supremacy of the
Venetian fleet. Now-abandoned Alexandrian granaries and
warehouses remain as testament to faded Byzantine glory.

Fishermen can be found here in the early morning, on
abandoned stone piers, trying to catch meals for the day. The
portico has lost most of its copper roof tiles to thieves, and
several of the columns have been toppled into the water by
vandals. Street children are often seen here at night, swim-
ming and playing before patrols chase them away, if only
temporarily.

REGION 10

Aqueduct of Valens, Suburb of Zeugma

Asurban districts thin in thisarea, fields open up. Save for
the isolated fishing neighborhood of Zeugma and its modest
wooden shacks, this region's greenety is broken only by the
raised Aqueduct of Valens.

AQUEDUCT OF VALENS

Elevated to two stories and supported by arched piers, this
exposed aqueduct spans the valley between the Third and
Fourth Hills. A reversal of the natural order of things, the
aqueduct is a bridge between the two hills, and ferries water
overland. The channeled water vanishes under the Third Hill,
destined for the many cisterns beneath the city.

REGION If

Church of Christ Pantokrator, Church of the Holy
Apostles, Forum of Bous

Away from the crowded swell of buildings and hordes of
humanity, Constantinople opens into the fields of the Fourth
Hill, where wheat and other crops are grown. In this region,
the Mese splits, one path leading into the region of Lycus, the
lower following the coast of the Marmora.


Southwest of Christ Pantokrator, nearly hidden under a
field of overgrown weeds and high grasses, is the Column of
Marcian. This granite shaft bears the design of an eagle upon
its base, and is dedicated to Emperor Marcian. The reason for
its seclusion and poor upkeep is unknown, but many mortals
claim to have seen the ghost of Marcian lamenting over the
only legacy of his rule.

CuurcH OF Curist PANTOKRATOR

Christ Pantokrator Church and Monastery is a holy
bastion atop the peak of the Fourth Hill. The church was built
by Irene, daughter of King Ladislas of Hungary and consort to
John II Comnenus. Designed to house 700 monks and 165
staff, the monastery includes a hostel, an almshouse, an
asylum, three churches and a hospital.

The monks of Pantokrator harvest wheat from the exten-
sivefields that they maintain. The monastery is easily mistaken
foracastle keep given its high walls and towers. It is the perfect
haven for the Obertus Symeon and his brood.

CuurcH OF THE Hory Apostes

West of the Christ Pantokrator Monastery, along the Mese,
stands the great Church of the Holy Apostles. Built in the same
styleasSt. Michael's Church, Holy Apostlesisa cruciform vaulted
church with five golden domes. The central and largest of the
domes is conical and the only one with windows around its rim.
While the interior of the church is adorned with veined marble,
the nave is covered by giant arches. The arches are connected to

brick piers that support the overhead domes. Between these brick
columns are slim, round marble columns that line the lengths of
the walls. The outside peristyle courtyard is larger than the church
itself and is lined on three sides by colonnades.

Forum oF Bous

The Lycus River makes its way from the Great Walls of
Theodosius II to the Harbor of Theodosius. Between the two the
river cuts under the Forum of Bous, a mundane forum surrounded
by simple red-roofed porticoes. It is used by butchers to sell meats
and to slaughter animals. The animals' remains are thrown into
the water of the Lycus to prevent dogs from getting at them. The
river between Bous and the harbor is therefore disease-ridden
and blackened. Wild dogs scout the shore looking for washed-up
morsels and they make travel near the river perilous.

REGION 12

Ancient Gate of the Forerunner, Forum of Arcadius,
Harbor of Theodosius, Suburb of Eleutherius

Region 12 is separated from the Lycus Valley by the Walls
of Constantine, which are broken like the exposed spine of
some enormous, skeletal leviathan. The Mese passes through
the old battlements via the Ancient Gate of the Forerunner, a
lofty door with a white marble peak that is high enough to for
a ship to sail under. Before the gate — on the Lycus side of the
wall — stands a statue immortalizing Byzar, Cappadocian
Cainite and mythical founder of Byzantium.


i}

SS
S
S
S

iS

The clutter of homes within the suburb of Eleutherius,
which are a little more modest than the Roman villas of
Exokionion, covers the landscape on either side of the Mese.
Particularly crowded, however, is the strip of slope that de-
scends from the street to the walls of Marmora. The
neighborhoods here are quieter and far better tended than
those of the crowded city. Gardens are more prevalent, as are
small fountains and cobblestone paths between houses. Suc-
cessful caravan merchants and military officers live here with
their families, and enjoy the ocean view and the proximity of
the city's gates.

ForuM oF Arcapius

The first forum along the Mese in this region is the Forum

Like most structures, it is framed by covered

porticoes, leaving it open along its flanks and exposed to the

night. The clean rush of sea air serves it well, for the smells

from the horse market within are pungent; the forum's huge
stone slabs are brown with manure and hay.

Even after dark, merchants can be found haggling with
latecomers over horse prices. Few Cainites make their way
here. The braying of panicked animals can draw unwanted
attention from those who recognize the signs of evil.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

HARBOR OF THEODOSIUS

Once a proud landmark and the oldest port on this side of
the Marmora, the Harbor of Theodosius now lies neglected.
The chief culprits for its decline are the currents of the sea and
the Lycus River. Both are responsible for choking the harbor
with earth and sand. The cost to dredge it to allow access for
large ships became too great, and the partially filled port now
serves as a market-garden that reaches to the huge concrete
blocks of the old sea walls. Only shallow-draft boats can use the
harbor now.

A colorful variety of fruits, vegetables and grains adorns
the wooden booths and large display carpets of the local
merchants. During the day, horses and carriages from all over
the region park just outside the harbor while the marketplace
bustles with citizens from all walks of life. At night, a guard
unit patrols the area to deter thieves from robbing the booths.

REGION 13

Genoese Quarter

Region 13 is the site of the Genoese district. The region
lies across the Golden Horn, on the shores of Galata. See
Genoese Quarter, above, for more information.


REGION 14

Blachernae Palace, Prison of Anemas

Region 14 is almost wholly dominated by the garden-
palace of Blachernae, the current residence of the imperial
family. Several churches lie on the northeast end of the
grounds, near the Kilomene or "Rolling" Gate. Their golden
domes are surmounted by elaborate Orthodox crosses. The
imperial wharf, located on the other side of Kilomene, is as
lavishly adorned as the Harbor of Bucoleon, with marble quays
and a plethora of statues beneath its shaded porticoes.

The Palace of Blachernae is connected to the Palace of
Porphyrogenitus, an oblong building that is three stories high.
Blachernae itself is an imposing structure, four stories high and
surrounded by a carefully cultivated garden. Cobblestone
paths, veined marble fountains, blue ponds, a maze of hedges
and bushes, brilliantly hued peacocks and statues of former
emperors lie hidden on the tree-shrouded land. The windows
set in Blachernae's blue marble walls are arched and adorned
with balconies, while friezes line the top of the palace. South
of the palace is the emperor's polo field.

Aprisonand tower was added to the palace on the northern
periphery of Blachernae, between itand the Walls of Theodosius
II. The Tower Prison of Anemas, named after its first "guest,"
Michael Anemas, is used to imprison imperial traitors and
enemies of the emperor. Many ghosts stumble through the halls
of the place, as blind as the day their mortal eyes were put out.

IMPERIAL GEOGRAPHY

Constantinople is not an isolated city, but the heart of a
great empire. The inhabitants of New Rome — human and
Cainite alike — perceive the territories of the empire as
reflections of their city.

Tuat Wuicu ts Hoty
There area few holy objects and sites inand around
the Blachernae, Palace. \
The most céleBtated of the chiurehes
Blachernae Palace is) the! Church i

mortal itls;t church is the"6ite of annual
pilgrimages by those afflicted with diseases and mental
and physical impairments.

Unfortunately, those territories are not what they once
were. In Roman times the empire stretched from Britain to the
Nile, butare now limited to the lands between the Danube and
the center of Asia Minor. Even this expanse is largely under
dispute, as Seljuk Turks, Bulgarians, Serbs, Hungarians and
Sicilians encroach from all sides.

THE WEST

The powers of Europe look upon Constantinople as the
"East," but Constantinople's European territories are more
numerous. As the East falls into decline, attention turns to the
West to restore the empire's former glory. The West, however,
is faced with problems of its own.

THRACE AND BULGARIA

This region stretches from the Black Sea to a line roughly
following the Morava River, technically comprising the eastern
half of the Balkan Peninsula. Thrace and Bulgaria are largely
agricultural territories cut by the Balkan Mountains, which
create a harsh climate in northern of Bulgaria. Thrace is inhab-
ited by Greeks, while Bulgaria is home to the Bulgars, the latter
of whom were Slavonized in the seventh and eighth centuries.
The major cities of the regions are Philippolis and Adrianople.

The Bulgars are at best unhappy with the rule of New
Rome and constantly aid from the Kingdom of Hungary
to the northwest. Thrace is the hinterland of Constantinople
itself and remains relatively secure, except when invading
armies march through it. Such was the case in the 1180s when
the Sicilian Normans made their final assault on the empire.

THE WESTERN BALKANS

Another region that is trouble for the empire is bordered by
the Morava to the east, the Adriatic Sea to the west, the Sava
River to the north and Macedonia to the south. The Balkans'
countless valleys, trapped between sharp peaks, have sheltered
many rugged and independent cultures, including the Dalma-
tians, Bosnians and Serbs. Almost entirely of Slavic origin, these
people have remained fiercely independent of Constantinople.
While imperial control is strong along the coast of the Adriatic,
therivervalleys of Serbiaand Bosniaare Byzantine inname only.
The strength of the Kingdom of Hungary, resting just over the
Sava, and of Venice, sittingat the peak of the Adriatic, makes the
imperial position in the Balkans all the more precarious.

The Balkans are a dangerous and mysterious place to the
childer of Caine. The Carpathian masters of Clan Tzimisce
nominally dominate the region, but must often act through
Hungarian thralls. Cainites sent into the mountain valleys
tend to disappear. Some whisper of mad Lupines that roam the
crests. Others speak of dark, malevolent spirits that consume
the flesh of living and undead alike.

The only native Cainites to emerge from this region to
date have been the so-called Carrion. Most are Caitiff who are
pledged to the Gehenna-cult of Calomena. These mad proph-
ets now plague New Rome.

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY


=

Peso

Sy

THe Moanmains or DREAD
In these timesssone can tiéver escape the looming
presencélof those damned.Carpathian Mountains: These
mist-enshrouded pestilent, lands ‘stretch north across the

lan Tzimiscegithe most cull of all the damned
"alee Their dark tendrils ensnare all of Bulgaria.

Theor tv cat nesses greatest hatred is
reserved for those of their clan who joined our Dream. |
believe it. When I went to that accursed land I was told of
a Gesuidian' monastery that might afford me shelter, and so
T sought it out quickly, Te was midnight when my retinue
and T caught a glimpse of the monastery; it ‘was lic by
lightning and we made straight for the gates.

At first nothing seemed amiss but for a faint wail chat
flowed through the darkened hallls. It was one of my ghouls

— Isaac, by name who made the terrifying discovery.
Resting his shOtilderagainsva wall, he screamed as the pale
tapestry next to himlwrapped arotind his back watched
as he was sucked dry by the ravenous fabric, its eream color
turning bright red. For an instant saw a face, imprisoned
and pained, in the fabric. knew thatavas all that remained
of the Gesudians.

They had been visited,by theiCarpathian cousins.

— From the testamentvof Andronicus of Thrace,
Antonian Ventrue, given before his disappearance
from Phillopolis in 1194

MAaceEponia, THESSALY AND GREECE
Macedonia, which comprises the southern half of the
Balkan Peninsula, is subject to the mountainous geography to its
north, but is less harsh. The region runs from the Egnatian Way
— the great road from Constantinople to Durazzo — in the
north, to Greece in the south, and is cut by the Adriatic in the
west and Thrace in the east. Home to Slavs, Albanians and
Greeks, the region is important agricultural territory. Thessaly
lies to the southeast of Macedonia, an extension of the city of
Thessalonika. Greece takes up the rest of the Balkan Peninsula.
These regions are prized by the empire's Toreador and
Ventrue as sites of great classical civilizations. Macedonia is
important to the empire because of the Egnatian Way and
Durazzo, the largest imperial porton the Adriatic. Thessalonika,
the empire's second city, dominates Thessaly. Prior to its
sacking, Thessalonika was particularly well known for its trade
fair, during which it surpassed Constantinople as a commer-
cial center. Arab, Jewish and Armenian merchants came to
deal with Byzantines and Europeans, and the fair's October
nights were rumored to hum with ancient Cainite lore, includ-

ing readings from the lost texts of Carthage and the fabled
Book of Nod.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

Nearby lies holy Mount Athos. The richest site in Byzan-
tine monasticism, a network of mountain monasteries rife
with mystery and enlightenment, is located here. The Tzimisce
brand of monasticism, however, has never taken root on
Mount Athos. Gesu and Symeon, the leaders of the Byzantine
Tzimisce, have both struggled to understand why and have
decided that Mount Athos is one stone best left unturned,
Some have whispered of mystic monks who can call down
miracles at will, while others call Mount Athos the resting
place of the vanished Dracon.

THE East

If the West is the immediate concern of the Byzantine
Empire, the East is the long-term problem. Once the heart of
the empire, the East has dwindled over the centuries, as Egypt,
the Levant and large tracts of Asia Minor have fallen away.

CRETE AND OTHER ISLANDS

The islands of the Aegean form a maritime maze of
infinite complexity. Crete, the greatest of these isles, was
recaptured from the Arabs two centuries ago. The piracy for
which it was known, however, continues to a be a problem.

Cainites in particular sense a threat in this area. Some
islands have remained undisturbed since the time of Sparta
and Athens, and every few decades strange stories spread.
They tell of potent Cainite lords who appear in Greek vessels
on the Aegean coast. Official reports of the sudden and
inexplicable disappearance of mortal coastal towns often
follow these stories. Byzantines whisper that these ruins of the
ancient world are shelters for demons. The wise do not put this
theory to the test.

Asta Minor

Once the hub of the empire, Asia Minor produced more
than one emperor and more than one catastrophe. The military
power of the Macedonian dynasty was built here — and was
destroyed here at the Battle of Manzikert. Since that ignoble
defeat, the empire has fought a back-and-forth campaign for the
region. As it stands, the coastal regions along the Black, Aegean
and Mediterranean seas are relatively secure, but control of the
interior is in constant flux.

The high, arid plateau of the contested interior is currently
home to the Seljuk Turks, Muslim horsemen who invaded in the
eleventh century. Resourceful and determined warriors, the
Seljuks at one time advanced as far as Nicea, but now only have
firm control over the eastern interior of the peninsula. The
border between empires is ill-defined; Turks and Byzantines
constantly travel through the other's lands. Like the Byzantines,
the Turks bear little love for their Arab cousins in the Levantand
have engaged in a series of nebulous alliances with the empire,
when it has suited them.

In the center of Asia Minor lies Cappadocia, once an
ancient kingdom and vassal state of Alexander's empire, and
homeland of Clan Cappadocian. The Clan of Death shrouds


itself in mystery, but it is thought that C:
studied here during most of the empire's rule. When the

padocius himself

Byzantine family system was extended throughout the empire

under the rule of Justinian, Cappadocia was pointedly ex-

cluded byorderof Antonius. When John Comnenusrecaptured

the region in the 12th century, the Cainites who traveled with
him found only evidence of exe:
rumored that Cappadocius and his acolytes moved east into
the Muslim world, butonly the Ancient's close followers know

for sure.

ated mass gra It is



Background

Save for those in the Latin Quarter, the
Gainites of Constantinople lice under an order
developed to preserve the strengths of the Ko-
men system vhile supposedly avoiding its
pitfalls. Until cecently, coery Cainite in View
Rome voas a member of a recognized Llood fern

ily, either by CEitbvace or throu: adoption dt
voas, and largely still is, family status that com
vexed both cights and responsibilities onto a
Byzantine campire. Che system of Hood fami-
lies voas agreed upon by the Criumvirate in the
Second Council of AD. 4-75, ducing which the
WMethuselats decided that their city could not
be allowed to fall to the level of Korte.

The Criumvicate borrowed the Roman tra-
dition of vampiric broods based on the concerns
of single, powerlul figures. And yet different Ko-
man Wethuseahs had constantly grappled for
poveoer letting it slip from Went rue to Lasombra
to Matkavian in a cycle of collapse and corcup-
tion. To save Constantinople from a similar
fate. its Cainite founders decided that each fern
ily must have a defined role that contributed to
the overall Weeant Gach mermber of the Tei-
umvirate founded a fernily that bore his name


BEYOND THE WALLS

During the reign of Justinian (A.D. 527-565), as the
empire grew anew and spread across the Mediterranean
world, so did the family systemThose who no longer
wished to live in\tribute%to"One family or another in
distant Constantinople wete'given'sanction to establish
their own recognized families itvoutlying areas. Powerful
vampires nativé to the provinces Were also given sanc-
tion as long as they Agréed to pay tribute to the Trinity.
Those who created their own families included a number
of Cappadocian elders in Anhatolia,Garigrel warlords in
Europe, Lasombta kings,in North Africa andforeador
potentates in' Greece: Those Cainites who turhed their,
backson Constantinople and the Trinity soon found
themselves forgotten and pushed aside.

‘As plagues and barbarian and Arab: conquests
strippédaway much of the empire, the provincial family
system Suffered severe blows. Constantinople ‘also, ex»
pétienced its‘own difficulties, such jas the Ieonoélast
struggles, and the "éity's. Cainite leaders' could only
watch as their influencé'imdistant lands dwindled to
nothing. In the twelfth century, only the regions of
Thrace and Thessaly still hold prominent families that
are intimately linked to the Trinity and empire.

(save the Dracon, who named his brood "Obertus," meaning
hidden), and each took upon his shoulders one of the critical
duties of building the Dream. They then named their collec-
tive families the Trinity. Other families were added, but each
of secondary stature and each owing tribute to one of the
Trinity members. Thes
scions,

THE TRINITY

The Trinity comprises the broods of Michael, Antonius
and the Dracon, who, inspired by the Christian model of the
Holy Trinity, took upon themselves the roles of Father, Son
and Holy Ghost in regard to Constantinople. The Michaelite
Toreador are the city's Father, overseeing the structure of the
Dream and the Orthodox faith and its core. The Antonian
Ventrue are the Son, regents of the mortal and pragmatic
world, guiding the political and military spheres. The Obertus
Tzimisce stand as the Holy Ghost, scholar-monks responsible
for the spiritual heart of the Dream by keeping it from stagnat-
ing. The Obertus Tzimisce also keep a written testament of the
city's greatness.

THE SCIONS

The Trinity has granted several families status ih the city
because they contribute to the Dream. Each family exists
under one of the members of the Trinity and is known as a
scion. Tribute is exacted almost exclusively in the form of

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

adopted children became known as

FAMILY AND CLAN

The difference between family and clan in
Constantinople may seem obscure at first. Almost all
members of a family are members of the same clan, and
family names feature clan names, yet important differ-
ences do exits. Saye perhaps.for the Assamités, Setites
and Tremerestiost Cainite clans do Hotshare'a common
goal onorganization; they ‘are merely the various childer
of an ancient and departed vampire; Families-aréstruc-
cured groups that recognize not onlysthe bléod;-but the
spiritual heritage of afounder, All family;members share
the bond of their station in‘Byzantine society and are
dedicated — to one extent orahother— tothe advance-
ment and honor of their respective families.

Family and clan do not always interact peaceably
in\terms of blood, either. Byzantine families can adopt
members of other clans as official constituents of their
brood. Those adopted are not usually allowed to sire
childer, but traditions vary from family to family.

service, and the members of the scion families are expected to
fulfill duties that aid the Trinity in the accomplishment of its
tasks. There are currently six official scion families in
Constantinople. The Magnus Lasombra, Malachite Nosferatu
and Setite Children of Judas are scions of Michael. The Lexor
Brujah and the Cappadocian Lady Alexia exist under the
auspices of the Antonian Ventrue. The Baron's Gangrel are
pledged to the Obertus Tzimisce.

DISPUTES AND
JURISDICTION

In theory there is no absolute ruler of Constantinople's
night, no true equivalent to the Western prince. Yet Michael
the Patriarch has always exerted a powerful influence over the
city's aff

Officially, when a member of one branch of the Trinity
intrudes on the affairs of another, each family sends its judge
— called a Quaesitor — to rule on the infraction. In grave
times, when serious decisions involving the whole city must be
made, a council is calle

Only eight of these councils have
been held since the founding of New Rome (see Chapter Two:
History), each time bringing together members from all of the
recognized families — Trinity and scion. Although the Codex
of Legacies, the Cainite laws written for Constantinople,
states that only the Trinity need reach an agreement to
concludea council, most decisions are delayed until all attend-
ing can agree on a course of action.

This system worked fairly well when backed by the compel-
ling Michael, who was a master of playing one faction against
another. But Michael has since grown distracted and has not


attended a council since the Fifth in 890. Without him, the city
has fallen into a morass of intrigue. The Trinity famil
carefully guard their areas of influence and often refuse to
acknowledge their supposed partners.

THE FATHER:
THe MICHHELITE
TORESDOR AND
THEIR SCIONS

THe MIcHAELITE TOREADOR

Always the passionate creators, the To:
their mortal counterparts, sponsor and ov:

now

ador, alongside
e the beauty for
which Constantinople and the Byzantine Empire are re-
nowned. When they first arrived from the ailing Rome, the
Toreador made a deliberate attempt not to emulate Rome in
everything. Michael the Patriarch encouraged his brood to
forget Rome's culture and to embrace the new world that
surrounded them. Constantinople was to be Michael's greatest
creation, a synthesis of everything he had seen and wanted in
the world.

STATUS IN CONSTANTING JPLE

The Status Background listeditjjthe Vampire: The
Dark-Ages rulebook (page'l30) uses the Western system
of the prince as a model-in. New Rome, the Background
determines a vampire's position in'the family systemsas
outlined in the table below, Storytellers may wish tdigive
characters free Status points, or set maximum ratings,
dependingon theitchronicle concepts. Visiting vampires
may retain traditional Status dots:from their home re-
gions, buethey will nor be recognized in Constantinople.

. Known:/Yoware a minor memberiof a scion
family:

ee Respected: Yoware'a knownimember of a scién
family or a minor memberof a'Trinity family.

ove High status: Yoware a prominentmember of
a scion. family or a known member of'a
Trinity, family,

eeee Powerful: Yowarea celebrated mémberof a
scionfamily or aprominent member ofa
Trinity family.

eeeee Ltiminary: You are a scion;family, leader or a
celebrated member of a Trinity, family,

Michael, Gesu, Symeon and Caius, the leaders 6f the
Trinity families, are considered to have Statustatings of 6.

CHAPTER FOUR: ALLIANCES

63

As Constantinople grew, Michael's vision for the city took on
greater religious undertones. Many Roman Toreador, feeling un-
comfortable with this new direction and the creative control that
the patriarch was beginning to exert, left the city. Undaunted,
Michael began Embracing new muses of the arts, taking those who
would understand the beauty of his vision, his Heaven on Earth.

Michael's Dream devolved into delusional fervor follow-
ing the first Iconoclast controversy. His grip on reality became
tenuous, a situation aggravated by his decision to betray his
lover and friend Antonius. A growing insanity began to
manifest in his dreams, and he began envisioning himself as a
divine servant of the Heavenly host. Michael wisely chose to
ignore these visions, and might even have succeeded in doing
so were it not for the vengeful manipulations of the Malkavian
Muse of Performance, Gregorius Dimities.

In the wake of Antonius' death in the ninth century,
Michael was forced to enter the political foray for the first time
and put an end to the hostilities between the Tzimisce and
Ventrue. Michael ruled openly asa mortal emperor, under the
guise of Michael III. Throughout his rule — his final decades
of lucidity — the patriarch was responsible for stabilizing the
Byzantine Empire.

After feigning his own assassination at the hands of Basil |
some 20 years later, the patriarch returned to the shadows.
Unfortunately, through Gregorius' manipulations, reality finally

left Michael adrift. He plunged into fits of melancholy and torpor

which only reinforced his idea that he was none other than the

Archangel Michael himself. Many of the patriarch's followers
slowly deteriorated because of theirshared Blood Oath with their
sire, and were eventually felled by the same delusion that cast
Michael in the role of God's chief angel

Even the subordinate Magnus Lasombra, though they did
not believe in Michael's archangel status, were affected in
their own way as the makers of kings. Believing they could be
the makers of angelsas well, they promulgated the cult worship
of Michael as an angelic divinity among the local populace.
This only strengthened Michael's insanity, leaving
Constantinople bereft of its last remaining founding father.

ORGANIZATION

Michaelite family structure centers on various artisan
guilds and their respective mediums. Each guild has a muse,
one Cainite of exemplary talent in the guild's particular craft
who sponsors the efforts of promising individuals. Above the
muses reigns Petronius, the second-eldest Toreador in thecity,
and family head when Michael the Patriarch is in torpor.

The most important guildsare those of the architects, stone
sculptors and painters. Their mediums are believed to best
enhance the image of Constantinople. Other guilds, including
glazing, metalworking, textilesand literature, are classified under
the "minor arts," for which Petronius is the overall muse.

The only exceptions are entertainers. They maintain
their own muse, the Malkavian Gregorius Dimities, because

they are regarded as having some intermediary importance. In


Michael's eyes, however, entertainers are not as valued as
those who build his Dream.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

Atpresent time, relations with the other Trinity families are
attheir worst since the Iconoclasm feud. The Ventrue have grown
imperious and haughty, seeing themselves as the sole saviors of
Constantinople. The Tzimisce, ever guarded, have ventured
feeper into their own concerns, abandoning Petronius The other
Toreador, no longer caring for much more than Michael's Dream,
dolittle to foster amiable relations with their former comrades.

Byall rights the Toreador should be bereft of all allies, but
they are not. Though the Magnus Lasombra, the family's first
felons, serve their own needs, they still guard the Michaelite
Followers ‘out of pride and fear of losing face before the
Ventrue. The Malachite Nosferatu, scions of the Toreador, no
longer support their patrons, but still live by their word to
Michael himself. As such, whatever the Nosferatu do for him,
they invariably do for his family. The same can be said for the
St.Ladre Nosferatu, the Baron's Gangrel and the Lexor Brujah
in their secret alliances with Michael and his family.

CarRENT CONCERNS

The Michaelite family is spiraling into chaos. Petronius
attempts to maintain the family's interests in the city, but is
constantly hampered as Michael slips in and out of torpor. The
Magnus Lasombra help him with advice and suggestions that

THe Muses
Michael the Patriarch: Muse of Constantinople,
Petronitist) Sécond-in-commands Muse*6f*theeMinor
Arts andyMiéhaelité Quaesitot
Anthémios of Tralles? Muse of Architecture
Pakourianis the Dove: Mise of Painting
Paul Bathalos: Muse of Sculpture
Gregorius Dimitiés# Muse of Performance

invariably strengthen their position and further the worship of
Michael through various cults. Petronius is aware of the
Lasombra's manipulations, but desperately needs their assis-
tance and will not confront them about their self-serving ways.

The only resource Petronius has available is the unerring
loyalty of the Scholai, the private guard of the Toreador.
Although they support the Michaelites*as a whole, these
ghouls remain dedicated to Michael and Petronius alone.
They watch over the sleep of the patriarch, spy on the Latin
Quarter and maintain secret vigils across the city, reporting to
Petronius.

RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

Most of the Toreador are too enraptured with the worship
of Michael to be bothered with anyone save the patriarch.
Exceptin the case of procuring more devotees to the archangel's

CHAPTER FOUR: ALLIANCES


)

growing cult, other vampires, including strangers to
Constantinople, are generally ignored by the family muses.

The only exception is Petronius. Having lost the support
of his brethren, Petronius is eager to solidify alliances with
outsiders, especially Toreador newcomers.

An unaffiliated coterie trying to gain recognition in
Constantinople would do well to start with the Michaelites.
Although newcomers may not gain immediate status within
the family, Petronius is likely to reward those he deems loyal
by officially admitting them into the family. Toreador charac-
ters who prove particularly useful to the family may even be

awarded muse
oversaw
apprec

Macnus OrTHODOXx
LASOMBRA

Before the arrival of Michael the Patriarch and his Trium-

, replacing the Cainites who previously

rt forms in question. Of course, the muses may not

ate being ousted from power.

virate, the Lasombra ran Byzantium under the guise ofa pagan
cult dedicated to the Greek goddess Aphrodite. While they
claimed to be the city's eldest clan, the Lasombra were known
among Cainites to have merely stepped in after the disappear-
ance of the ruling Cappadocians.

Ectoris and his Lasombra brood ruled the Roman colony for
a brief period before the more powerful Methuselahs arrived. In

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

« be tess

an ill-managed ploy to maintain power, Ectoris lost everything
to Michael and his lovers, who were uninterested in bargaining
for control. When the Triumvirate began excising those vam-
pires not affiliated with the three families, Magnus, Ectoris!

eldest childe, betrayed his own sire. In a show of allegiance and
solidarity to the new ruling families, Magnus presented the

staked body of Ectoris to the Triumvirate and asked for recogni-

tion of a family of his own creation. As part of the deal, the

Lasombra, as former cult leaders, would assist in the evange
tion of Constantinople's pagans. The Michaelite Followers
accepted the Lasombra as their wards and awarded the Magnus
family scion status at the Second Council of 475.
Under the new banner of Christianity, Magnus noticed that
while the Dracon's Obertus controlled the reclusive monastic
orders, they left the ecclesiastic powers of the Orthodox Church
unattended. Into this religious vacuum stepped the Lasombra,
changing affiliations from the cult of Aphrodite to the Churchof
Eastern Orthodoxy. It was at their behest that ties with the
Church ofRome were weakened andeventuallysundered, thereby
securing their power base away from the Lasombra of Rome.

ORGANIZATION

The Magnus Lasombra officially number three members
at all times. Michael insisted that they not deviate from that
count, though Magnus occasionally sires hidden progeny.
When Magnus betrayed his own sire, he destroyed his clan


brethren as
rather than contend with those who considered themselves
his equal. Obeying Michael's edict, Magnus Embraced two
childer and exacted a lasting Blood Oath with both.

Magnus, who is charged by the patriarch with tending to
the Church's wealth, still leads his family. His childer, Sarah
the Chaste and Peter the Humble, oversee the daily rigors of
Church operations and worship. In addition, Sarah is respon-
sible for cultivating the cult worship of Michael the Patriarch
among mortals,

RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

The Magnus Lasombra are an introverted clan, preferring
theirown counsel (and the company of the easily swayed Toreador)
above ll others. They guide the Michaelites through advice and by
manipulating mortal thralls. The Magnus are generally distrusted,

ell, choosing to Embrace new family members

and despise the Malachite Nosferatu and the Narsene Lasombra as
greatly as they themselves are despised. Otherwise, the Orthodox
Lasombra engage in regular discourse with the two other primary
families in an effort to keep the Toreador's interests alive.

CarRENT CONCERNS

Magnus and his two known childer are swayed by Michael's
insanity inan ephemeral way. While they do not believe that the
Patriarch of Constantinople is an actual angel, they believe that
they can elevate him to that status. As such, Magnus helps
Petronius keep his house in order to protect Michael's position

as patriarch, while Sarah supervises the growing mortal cult of
the archangel' faithful. Peter the Humble, partially ostracized
from his family, has taken it upon himself to help Michael find
asuitable demonic "foe" to overcome in order to guarantee his
deification. He has secretly brought Mary the Black —a potent
Baali (an infernal vampire) on the verge of usurpingher demonic
keeper — into Constantinople.

RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

The Magnus Lasombra are too disparate in their interests
to indoctrinate a foreign Cainite through general consensus.
Sarah the Chaste is too busy currying the favor of the Narsene
Lasombra to care about her coterie — save for when she can
use it — and Peter the Humble is too enraptured with the
prospect of Mich: scension" to deal with
newcomers — unless, of course, he is
to the cult of the archangel.

inevitable "
trying to convert them

Magnus, however, might become interested in foreigners if
he thinks he can easily manipulate them. Rather than approach
recent arriva a group, Magnus is more likely to approach
that "one bright and learned protégé" who can replace Peter the
Humble. Those who choose to join the Magnus Lasombra gain
far more enemies than they probably care to have.

Ifhis efforts to encourage a Cainite to join hisscion family are
spurned, Magnus does his best to spread disfavor for the vampire
and any of her comrades, using contacts in the Church and
influence with Petronius to make the vampire's unlife hellish.


JMaLaACHITE AND
Sr. Lapre Nosrerstu

If legends of noble monsters ever held true,
Constantinople's Nosferatu are proof of those legends. Be-
neath the Cainites' deformed visages lie many of the virtues
forgotten by Constantinople's other vampires. Most consider
these beasts nothing more than scavengers of blood and
information. In Constantinople, however, the Nosferatu do
more than hoard secrets — they use them to try to avert the
coming doom that they see. They, along with two other scion
families, have become the unlikely champions of
Constantinople, hidden by necessity from adversaries who
would destroy them.

Constantinople's Nosferatu consist of two distinct groups
brought together by circumstance and a sense of clan loyalty.
The Malachite Nosferatu, though few in number, hold status
as scions of the Michaelite Toreador. The second group
consists of urban stowaways who have no political voice. They
are the St. Ladre Nosferatu and they represent one of the few
means left by which Constantinople may avoid disaster.

The Malachite Family was born amid the Iconoclast
controversy of the eighth century. The empire's monastic
orders were disbanded by imperial edict, putting the three core
families and their adopted kin at odds with each other. Even
the Michaelite Toreador, who supported the veneration of
icons as symbolic and not literal, stood against its subordinate

family, the Magnus Lasombra. Yet, as stout supporters of
ecclesiastic and imperial authority, the Lasombra quickly
quashed dissension over the issue of Iconoclasm within their
own ranks.

One hapless individual undone during the clashes was a
Byzantine prelate named Maleki who — though he did not
support the veneration of icons — did not agree with the
manner in which the monks were treated. Though Maleki had
been promised the Embrace by the Lasombra, his outspoken
views instead earned him their cruel enmity. Through an
outside ally, the Magnus Lasombra had Maleki endure the kiss
of a Nosferatu as punishment for his insolence.

The Patriarch Michael was outraged over the matter; he
respected the Nosferatu and would brook no insult to their
name by having someone Embraced as a form of corporal
punishment. He immediately recognized Maleki as a proper
kinsman and gave him family status under his protection. The
Magnus Lasombra, though infuriated over this slight, were
powerless to pursue the matter further.

Maleki was taught by Michael to appreciate his new form,
for it was one of honor, not horror as originally taught. The
patriarch christened the Nosferatu "Malachite," after the
beautiful banded green stone that he favored, and in apprecia-
tion of the unlikely places where he found beauty. Some
believe it was also a slight play on words with "Michaelite."
Regardless, the proud Malachite family was born that night.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

The Nosferatu of St. Ladre or St. Lazarus, on the other
hand, came about ina different fashion. The third military order
to come of age after the Templars and Hospitallers of St. John
the Baptist was the Hospitallers of St. Ladre. The order consisted
of knights from other orders who were afflicted with leprosy, a
scourge rampant throughout Syria. The tenets of the Templars
and Hospitallers required that all afflicted with the contagion
leave those order and join that of St. Ladre. Those brethren who
had been "retired" in this manner, however, could still be called
upon to fight as knights in defense of the Holy Land.

The Order of St. Ladre established a network of lazar
houses throughout Syria and Europe. These places quickly
became secret havens for Nosferatu, many of whom could pass
themselves off as victims of leprosy. In order to protect his
secret, one Nosferatu took it upon himself to reveal his exist-
ence to the order's master, Fra' Gerard, hoping that the master,
being a leper himself, would understand the Cainite plight.

Fra' Gerard did indeed sympathize, and agreed to shelter
the Nosferatu as he would have other victims of physical
suffering. In gratitude, Fra' Gerard was Embraced upon his
deathbed in 1120 and allowed to carry on his work asa Cainite.
When it came time for Fra' Raymond — Gerard's successor as
master of the order— to pass on in 1158, he too was Embraced.

With the deterioration of the Latin Empire, the Nosferatu
were forced to find new places to hide. Under the wing of Fra'
Raymond, and guided by the visions of three Nosferatu childer,
asmall group of knights fled to Constantinople.

After successfully insinuating himself in the East, Fra'
Raymond called to his brethren to join him in the hidden
cisterns and sewers of the huge city. Since that time, knights
of St. Ladre have been arriving in the city, and their under-
ground network is now cramped with Nosferatu and leprous
ghouls. Only ahandful of Byzantine Cainites, including Mala-
chite, know of the group's existence, and Malachite is
honor-bound to protect their secret.

ORGANIZATION

Both groups of Nosferatu operate in the same manner.
They are expected to pull their own weight in achieving the
Dream, whether working openly or secretly among the city's
vampires, and neither is allowed to hold greater station than
the other. The only two Nosferatu who wield considerable
power and influence in the city are Fra' Raymond (who leads
the St. Ladre Nosferatu) and Malachite (who leads his scion
family). Their word is canon to all Nosferatu.

The Malachite Nosferatu consist of three members —a
number that Michael the Patriarch insisted upon — while the
St. Ladre Nosferatu are certain that their membership exceeds
15 Cainites and over 50 leprous ghouls.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

The Malachite Nosferatu remain loyal only to Michael.
Because Michael is well spoken of by their brethren, the St.
Ladre have dedicated themselves to him as well. The other


primary families of the Trinity, including most members of the
Michaelites, are regarded with suspicion. Both groups of
Lasombra are hated equally, though the Latins are monitored
more closely because the Nosferatu sense changes festering in
their quarter of the city.

Of the remaining scions, the Nosferatu have approached
and secured alliances with the Baron's Gangrel and Lexor
Brujah. All four factions share the common goal of trying to
save the city and do service to the Dream.

CurRENT CONCERNS

Disaster looms while the families of the Trinity argue, and
the Nosferatu know it. The two Nosferatu factions have
therefore formed a unified front to save the city despite itself.
Along with the Baron's Gangrel and the Lexor Brujah, they
scramble to uncover and destroy those who have malicious
intent toward Constantinople.

The Nosferatu also eye the Latin Quarter with growing
concern, particularly given the many new Cainite faces they
have seen in the region.

RELATIONS WITH OuTSIDERS

The Malachite and St. Ladre Nosferatu are very insular; they
trust very few Cainites, especially strangers. The vampires work
with the Lexor Brujah and Baron's Gangrel, and individuals of
either clan are trusted only when they actually belong to those
families. Outsiders are watched and regarded with the same skep-
ticism that members of the Lasombra are. Winning the acceptance
of the Nosferatu factions is a long and difficult task.

Even foreign Nosferatu are watched carefully, unless
somehow affiliated with either family or their members. The
St. Ladre clan has a loose organization and any number of
Nosferatu can join it. The Malachite Nosferatu, however,
currently have only one opening in their ranks.

CHILDREN OF Jupas

In every garden there is a serpent. Most Cainites in
Constantinople are at a loss to explain why the Setites, under
the protection of Michael himself, are valued by the patriarch
and of equal status with other scion families. Many believe
that Michael's insanity is partly, if not fully, the work of the
Setites.

The Children of Judas take their name from the legend
that all progeny of the traitor Judas were red-headed and
cursed to live as vampires. The Setites prize red hair and all
family members dye their hair red with henna.

Khay'tall, the high priest of the Setites, was the first of his
brood to be welcomed to the city. Before the fifth century
AD, the city had been off-limits to his clan. When Khay'tall
arrived aboard an Egyptian grain ship from Alexandria, how-
ever, Michael took immediate responsibility for him. This
touched off furious infighting among the Triumvirate, which
threatened the peace of the city for several nights. Then all
went quiet. Soon afterward, the patriarch announced the


charter of the Setites as an official scion family under the
Toreador, supported grudgingly by Antonius and by the ab-
stention of the Dracon. The Cainites of the city were stunned.

Since then, the Children of Judas, though they hold no
official duties in the Dream, have proven to be a constant foil to
all of New Rome's vampires. Their primary interest lies in the
nurturing of mortal vices, but they also enjoy playing games of
intrigue in Cainite courts and halls of worship. The Setites have
manipulated human pawns to thwart various Ventrue plans,
corrupted assorted members of the monastic orders to upset the
Tzimisce, and wreaked havoc in the Church of Constantinople
just to accentuate the Magnus Lasombra's ineptitude.

The hardest hit of the Cainites, however, have been the
Toreador, whom the Setites take particular pleasure in upset-
ting. Great artists have been lost to wine and hashish, writers
overwhelmed in their indulgences, and works of beauty tar-
nished through last-minute changes suggested by Setite patrons.
Atone time Michael had enough presence of mind to undo the
damage wrought by his unlikely guests, countering them move
for move in a grand Byzantine game of chess. As his grip on
reality slipped, however, so did his control.

What upsets the city's Cainites most is the fact that the
Setites seem to engage in their actions for the sheer malicious

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

pleasure of it. What few realize is that they pursue their
agendas with Michael's blessing.

Having met a century prior to the settlement of
Constantinople, Khay'tall and the patriarch engaged in a series
of debates that lasted several months. The root of their argu-
ments was the necessity of evil. Khay'tall argued that Michael's
Dream ofa Heaven on Earth was inherently flawed because of his
need to rely on imperfect mortals as the focus of his perfect city.
Even God required evil to determine who would succumb to
temptation and who would not, to ascertain who would be
admitted to Heaven and who would be denied. If Michael's
Dream were truly the work of divinity, then it should be able to
withstand any test—and the Setites were nothing if not capable
of testing the honesty of others. Presented with this argument,
the patriarch accepted the challenge of the Setites—tosee if the
Garden of Eden could once again flourish despite its serpents.

While Michael viewed this testas an opportunity for good
and invited Khay'tall to Constantinople when he believed the
city was ready, the Setites have taken the opportunity to gain
control of the mortal populace and entrench themselves.

Khay'tall plays the ultimate game, trying to corrupt a would-

be angel. For him, Lucifer's fall from grace will be as nothing
compared to Michael's plummet.


ORGANIZATION

Khay'tall acts as the high priest of the Setites, and
oversees the worship of Sutekh. His minions control the vice
trades of the city. The Children of Judas' hierarchy is fluid.
With Khay'tall at the top, all Setites beneath him jockey for
position. To retain their good standing, the Setites are driven
to outdo each other in the eyes of their leader. Most Setites
come and go as they please, adding to the frustration of the
city's other Cainites; the only other member of this clan with
semipermanent status is Sarrasine, Khay'tall's trusted advisor.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

Hated for who they are, but in power because of their
advocate, the Children of Judas are widely believed to have
Michael's ear. Officially, the Antonian Ventrue and Obertus
Trimisce are at odds with this supposed "lesser" scion family.
However, many Cainites who belong to the Trinity secretly
meet with the clan because of what it can provide: regular
feeding stock from the Setites' huge stable of mortals (neces-
sary to avoid detection, given the city's Cainite
overpopulation), the fulfillment of interests and desires too
shameful to mention publicly, the promise of Michael's sup-
port, and the dirty secrets of others.

The strongest rivalry, however, exists between the Chil-
dren of Judas and the Michaelites. The Setites have taken it
upon themselves to test the Toreador the hardest because they
areall childer of the patriarch. Since the Toreador have largely

succumbed to Michael's insanity, Khay'tall has chosen to
strike at their Achilles' heel, their stable of mortal artists.

CurrENT CONCERNS

The Children of Judas ply their craft against the almost
hapless Toreador. With only Petronius and Magnus to oppose
their efforts, the Setites have successfully insinuated themselves
into the Michaelites' artisan guilds. Mortal artists of potential are
now being lost to vice. Even Toreador outside the family struc-
ture, such as Gallasyn, are being corrupted. The Setites exert such
an influence over the Toreador in Constantinople that the
Cainites' efforts may well lie at the root of the debauchery and
degeneration for which the clan as a whole is later known.

Despite appearances, however, the Setites have lost some
of their control over the city in the wake of Michael's spiraling
sanity. Where subtle-handed manipulation, blackmail and
addiction once served to keep mortals under their control, the
Children of Judas have become forced to rely more heavily on
Dominate, Blood Oaths and threats of murder to keep their
thralls in check. The Antonian Ventrue no longer provide the
Setites with the challenge they need to hone their manipula-
tive skills, and the presence of the Narsene Lasombra has
proved to be more troublesome than anticipated. The Setites
have already lost many of their contacts through a series of
bizarre murders in the Latin Quarter. (The murders have been
committed by Magnus, who is attempting to pit the Setites
against the Narsene Lasombra.)


RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

Despite the Setites' intrinsic desire to corruptanyone who
comes along, they have recently found the need for allies.
Whether as individuals or members of a coterie, newcomers
could be of great service to the Children, who find their
control waning given Michael's madness. The other families
barely trust the Children of Judas, and do their best to monitor
their activities. With the recent deaths of the Setites' mortal
contacts in the Latin Quarter, an outside group of Cainites
may be of service as investigators or as agents in meetings with
vampires who do not wish to be seen with the Serpents.

Ifa vampire or coterie is already entrenched in the politics
of the city, the Setites might try to court their favor by
discovering and encouraging their vices, appealing to their
senses of greed or forcing servitude through blackmail. Al-
though allying with the Setites involves grave risk, Cainites
who do can reap substantial wealth.

Allies and contacts outside this family are meant to be
used and discarded. Its hierarchy is open enough to include at
least two Setites from any coterie. Anyone discovered working
with the Children of Judas is regarded with suspicion by nearly
every Cainite in the city.

THE SON:
THe ANTONIAN

VENTRUE AND

THEIR SCIONS
THE ANTONIAN VENTRUE

The Antonian Ventrue, masters of politics and temporal
powers, are the childer of Antonius the Gaul. It was he who
helped Michael mold his Dream of a new and powerful empire
into the reality of Constantinople. Antonius knew that
Michael's vision would need tempering and direction if it was
to become reality. From the heady dreams of philosophies and
religions, Antonius helped craft the unity of the empire and
the power of the emperor. He sought to ensure that Byzantium
had the means to thrive and the will to govern, without the
chaos and intrigue that had characterized Rome. Antonius
and his family were only partially successful. Intrigue and
betrayal plagued the family from the beginning. Early conflicts
stemmed from the increasing rivalry and distrust between
Antonius and the Tzimisce Dracon, while Michael the Patri-
arch took great pleasure in playing his companions against
each other. As the Dracon promulgated the worship of his
creations as holy icons, Antonius came to hate the practice.

Michael's efforts to mend fences only made things worse.
He sought to restore the Trinity by bequeathing a gift of two
brothers to his companions, but the Dracon's delusional childe

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

THe ANTONIAN HIERARCHY
Caius: Basileus
Nicepherus: Caesar Magister,
Anna Comnena: Qiaesitor and Chambérlain'
Irene Stellas: Doméstic Préfect (responsible forthe' ‘city
of Constantinople)
Ducas: Palace Prefect'(responsible forthe imperial family)
Belisarius: Military Prefect (responsible for theseciirity
oftthe,etapire)
Helena the Armenian: Eastern Practorian Eieiorptre-
sponsible for Asian territories)
Basil of Thessalonikar Western Practorian Prefect (re-
sponsible for Européan territories)

Gesu Embraced Antonius' promised Symeon. Enraged,
Antonius took advantage of mortal Iconoclasm and attacked
the Tzimisce power base.

Michael was incensed by Antonius' actions, and the
Trinity seemed shattered until Caius and Septima Dominica
— two childer of Antonius — secretly approached Michael
and the Dracon. In the secret Fourth Council, the two argued
for the destruction of their sire for the sake of the Trinity —
and their own desires for power. The two Methuselahs even-
tually sanctioned action and Antonius was put to the stake;
Caius became the leader of the Antonian Ventrue, with
Septima as his second.

The crime drove a wedge between the Ventrue and
Toreador, though, and Caius —secretly longing for Michael's
company — withdrew, leaving Septima in effective control.
In 1001 another intrigue claimed her life and Caius was left
completely alone, only able to play the factions of his family
against each other rather than provide the strong leadership
they needed.

ORGANIZATION

At the top of the Antonian Ventrue order sits Caius,
basileus (emperor) of the family. The family's nightly affairs
are directed by his caesar magister (second-in-command), the
conservative Nicepherus. Anna Comnenaservesas the family's
Quaesitor and chamberlain; she rules on interfamily conflicts
and oversees family members. With so much influence, she is
almost as powerful as the family's two leaders. Both Anna and
Nicepherus report directly to Caius.

Below these top-ranked officials is a series of prefects,
each of whom is responsible for an area of Antonian jurisdic-
tion. Prefects supposedly take their daily orders from the caesar
magister and are overseen by the chamberlain — all in service
of the basileus. Butin reality, the prefects are caught up in their
own intrigue. They generally deal with Nicepherus or Anna,
depending on whom they support, while others ignore bothas
best they can, seeking to gain power directly from the basileus.


RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

The Antonian oversee two scion families. The first "fam-
ily" consists of the Cappadocian Alexia Theusa, who has
never sired or adopted, but remains Caius' trusted advisor. Her
ability to remain close to the evasive basileus amazes some
Ventrue and infuriates others. The second scion, the Lexor
Brujah, are keepers of the Codex of Legacies, the laws of
Constantinople, and are overseers of the mortal sphere. They
are looked upon favorably by the Antonian, but the Latin riots
of 1185 and the resulting executions of the Ventrue Epirus and
Brujah leader Tribonius strained the alliance.

Relations with the other members of the Trinity are
extensive and complex. The Antonian and Obertus have
been rivals since the families were formed. The Ventrue still
perceive the Tzimisce as fiendish, incomprehensible crea-
tures, and look upon their use of icons with distaste. Yet, an
unlikely détente recently formed between the Antonian and
Obertus after the Ventrue and Toreador parted ways. When
Michael rejected Caius, the Ventrue as a whole felt aban-
doned. The Toreador seemed oblivious to the dangers
threatening the empire and were unwilling to make the
necessary sacrifices. The Obertus recognized the Trinity's
problems, though, and the Ventrue found themselves of a like
mind with their old rivals. The two now try stay out of each
other's affairs and concentrate on outside enemies.

More than any other family, the Antonian despise the
outsiders who have flocked to the city in the past few centuries.
To them, the Latins represent the degenerate bastards of
Rome and the barbarian West. The commercialism of the
Lasombra and the other Latin wretches leaves a foul taste in
the mouths of the proud Ventrue, made all the more bitter by
the knowledge that it was their family that first granted the
Latins access.

CurrRENT CONCERNS
These are difficult times for the Antonian. The imperial
throne, which has always been the source of their strength, is

now their greatest weakness. The mighty Comneni emperors
have given way to the mad Angeli dynasty, and the Antonian
are paralyzed by internal intrigue and hatred. Each Ventrue
has a hidden agenda and supports a different imperial candi-
date, while Caius refuses to act decisively. For the first time in
centuries, mortals are finding themselves in command.

RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

The members of the Ventrue hierarchy are presented
above and detailed in Chapter Five, but the Antonian family
is larger still. Many minor members haunt the surrounding
regions and all of Byzantium. New Cainites can easily find
their way into this great family. Coteries that have Antonian
Ventrue among them are slowly drawn into the family's
intrigue. Cainites may be forced to support the leaders Anna
Comnena and Nicepherus, or may find themselves compelled
to join some Ventrue dark horse.

CHAPTER FOUR: ALLIANCES


Tue LExor BRusAH

While the Antonian Ventrue have ruled Byzantium
through its emperors, the Lexor Brujah have overseen the
mundane administration of the empire. Interested most in the
plight of those who live under the weight of Ventrue and
imperial ambition, the Lexor Brujah have inspired the cre-
ation ofa unique and complex bureaucracy, without which life
in Constantinople would grind to a halt. Led by Tribonius, a
survivor of the catastrophe of Carthage, the Brujah family of
Constantinople has become an indispensable tool of the
Ventrue.

The origins of the family date back to the Second Council
of A.D. 489, when Tribonius and his childer (Theophilus and
Dorotheus) were given charter to codify the old and obscure
Lex Regia — Roman Law — into what eventually would be
known as the Justinian Code in A.D. 530. They were also
assigned the task of codifying the ruling principles of the
Trinity, and so established the Codex of Legacies. The Lexor
Brujah have since added to the already lengthy code of Justin-
ian, and are responsible for its contemporary incarnation.

ORGANIZATION

The Lexor Brujah collectively refer to themselves as the
Senate. Their leader assumes the title autokrator and is held
responsible for coordinating family activities. Below him are
the senators, whose number constantly changes. Each senator
assumes responsibility for some of the administrative branches
of Constantinople, including law, trade and finance, construc-
tion and ceremony. Senators' roles also include a number of
lesser duties that change hands constantly, adding to the
complexity of an already involved bureaucracy. The various
codices that serve as the template for Constantinople's bu-
reaucratic and legal system number in the thousands. Only the
late Tribonius knew them all by heart.

GEsUDIAN COMMANDMENTS

Vicissitude' is) seen/"as the »manifestation of the
Within andthe key,to attainingtranscendence, Whereas
other Taimisce see Vicissitude ina detached/ utilitarian
way,-Gestr'and his followers. Gonsider the;Diseipline to
have sa¢red significance: Seen asthe touch of God; ho
follower of Gest may, yoluntary use the Discipline —
only through'pfayer, fasting of torture can the Within
be manifested/on tke flesh. This ritualized-use of Vicis-
situde, called. the' Cémmunion Within,cis theiost
sacred tenet of the otder.

The Communion-Within often résults in strange
and haunting effects: Thatis why mostof the Tzimisce
never travel outside th€monastery; if circumstances
force them outside, they make Use of special cloaks and
habits to conceal their "divinity."

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

JEu— IMMACULATE CINION

To Gesu, the human, body is fragmented and
incomplete, He, believes. that' the only manner in

her, dsed Vicissitudé-to meld hier.toshim. The only
remaining: smark 6f Her-existence is the impression of
her gentle face on Gesu's chest.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

Although the Lexor Brujah are an indispensable asset to the
Antonian Ventrue, they were traditionally overlooked and taken
forgranted. Tribonius understood the role his family played in the
grand scheme of Constantinople, but the new autokrator, a
Russian Brujah by the name of Natalya, refuses to remain a
meager Cainite servant. Over the last few years she has proven
outspoken and opinionated, qualities which have not endeared
her to the Ventrue. Only Baron Thomas and the Nosferatu
recognize the Brujah as potential allies in the coming years.

CarrENT CONCERNS

The execution of Tribonius after the Latin Riots sent the
Lexor Brujah into disarray. Dorotheus and Theophilus have
fallen into deep depression, leaving Natalya with the near-
impossible task of deciphering Tribonius' countless ledgers
and notes. Meanwhile, the family's control of the city's bu-
reaucracy is slipping, making it difficult to exert influence over
key departments. Natalya knows this, but blames it on the
inefficient control of the three ruling families, and is debating
whether to make a bid for leadership of the city.

RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

For centuries, the Lexor Brujah was a quiet family. It
diligently devoted its time to precious tombs of laws and
legacies. Natalya knows that the time for change is approach
ing, though, and is searching for allies to help weather the
coming storm. The autokrator has neyer Embraced, but this is
sure to change after she becomes more active in the city and
finds a need for progeny to aid her.

Dorotheus and Theophilus, on the other hand, might see
newcomers and individual vampires as potential tools of the
Caitiff Stanislav, and use them to further the interests of the
Chosen of Calomena. The dangers inherent to this are evi-
dent, for the pawns might face the wrath of the Caitiff once
they outlive their usefulness.


Tue SouTARY CAPPHDOCISN

Though the Cappadocians were granted family charter
during the Fifth Council, Lady Alexia Theusa has refused to
sire or even acknowledge her status asa scion family under the
Antonian Ventrue. At best, the Cappadocian's presence is
enigmatic; none know the whereabouts of her haven or the
nature of her actions during the periods when she disappears.
Caius, however, has come to rely on the advice of Lady Alexia,
whose knowledge at times rivals that of the Tzimisce. The
Tzimisce believe her to be a progeny of Cappadocius himself,
though she has never revealed her history to anyone.

ORGANIZATION

Being thesole member ofher family, Lady Alexiadoesnot
wield considerable power, but is respected and at times feared.
Some claim that she has been biding her time before Embrac-
ing, but six centuries seems excessive even for a Cainite.

Recently, Markus Musa Giovanni, a Cappadocian of
Venetian descent, has arrived in Constantinople and estab-
lished himself in the Latin Quarter. Lady Alexia has met with
him once. The meeting ended in a verbal disagreement and a
distrust between the two.
RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

Alexia Theusa, a strong believer in order, has always been
closely associated with the Antonian Ventrue, and is protected
by them. Even though they rarely see eye to eye, Gesu and Lady

Alexia meet regularly to discuss esoteric and mystical matters. In
recent years, she has distanced herself from the Michaelite
Toreador and is beginning to sense Michael's madness.

CurrENT CONCERNS
Markus Musa Giovanni has been gaining support with
the Narsene Lasombra, and is rumored to have designs on Lady
position as head of her "family." Although Alexia is
d by the Ventrue, Markus has been contemplating
siring in hopes of being named Constantinople's leading
Cappadocian. The current chaos within the imperial family
has made it difficult for Alexia to maintain constant influence
over the emperor.

RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

There are only two Cappadocians in Constantinople, and
both have the potential to create a new coterie. Markus could
appeal to his Venetian masters for assistants, but would more
likely look for supporters in Constantinople itself. His goal is to
discover all he can about Lady Alexia and use that information
to supplant her in the Antonian's eyes. He is unwilling to side
openly with the Latins. He will contact select vampires should
he need contacts either in- or outside the Latin Quarter.

Lady Alexia's fading memories of her lover could lead her
to grow attached to an attractive Cainite. Indeed, such a
romance could become quite passionate, but, sooner or later
Alexia will grow bored or disappointed with her mate and
condemn him to torpor.

CHAPTER FOUR: ALLIANCES


"HE Hoty Guost:
"HE OBERTUS
ZIMISCE AND

THEIR SCIONS

THE OBERTUS TZIMISCE

Nestled within the folds of the southern slopes of the
Lycus Valley, between the walls of Constantine and those of
Theodosius, lies the secluded monastery of the Akoimetai, or
"sleepless" monks. It is from this enclosed sanctuary that the
Tzimisce of Constantinople have, for centuries, practiced and
followed their own form of Cainite monasticism.

The Dracon Obertus, childe of the Tzimisce Antediluvian,
came to admire and respect the monastic lifestyle. Monks' rigor-
‘ous and strict regimen, their veneration of prayer and meditation,
andaboveall their interest in knowledge endeared these holy men
to him. The Dracon set out to create his own order in his clan's
image. Its ultimate goal was to find the divinity within.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

In the years since, however, the Dracon's childer Gesu
and Symeon have been responsible for reshaping the order.
The mortal followers and families loyal to the Tzimisce are no
longer called Akoimetai, but Gesudian monks, in veneration
of their Cainite saint Gesu.

Indeed, Obertus Tzimisce influence has been substantial
throughout the ages of Europe. Responsible for the widespread
worship of icons — many of which are representations of
Tzimisce vampires — and for the influence of the monastic
orders, they have shaped the course of history in many ways.

Their greatest accomplishment as a family has been the
creation and founding of the Library of the Forgotten. During
the seventh and eighth centuries, the Dracon and his ghoul
monks began collecting knowledge and information and as-
sembled one of the finest libraries in the world. In the years
before the destruction of the Library of Alexandria, the Dracon
sent his monks to transcribe some of the most precious scrolls,
saving a number of tomes and books thought to be lost forever.

ORGANIZATION

The Obertus are organized around their spiritual leader
Gesu. Although many of their precepts were established by the
Dracon, it was Gesu who melded the worship of vampirism
with that of Christianity, using a number of Christian rituals


and beliefs to unlock the divinity within. The Obertus believe
that only through the strict veneration of the Nailed God can
transcendence be achieved. Under His enlightened rule, the
Obertus follow a regimented existence aimed at understand-
ing their vampiric nature and, more importantly, the divine
essence that rests within, which only God can unlock.

Gesu protects his mortal followers out of love and necessity.
Given the somewhat inhuman appearance of the Tzimisce,
mortal followers are needed to maintain contact with the outside
world. Since the founding of the order, these mortal families have
partaken in Communion with the Tzimisce by drinking their
blood, becoming ghouls and often living for hundred of years. In
the last two generations, Obertus children have been born ghouls,
adevelopment which Gesu claims is the evolution of the Within.

Cainite monks subject themselves to grueling periods of
privations and fasting. They hang suspended in iron cages for
40 nights, imbibing only enough blood to prevent torpor. The
effects are devastating; while still strong, the Tzimisce thrash
and scream in agony as the deprivation of blood sends them
into frenzy. As time passes they become emaciated and mo-
tionless, haunted by enlightening visions that lead to an
understanding of the Within. Other practices include cease-
less prayer, chanting and ritualized torture.

Not all of Constantinople's Tzimisce are followers of Gesu.
Symeon (the family's Quaesitor) and his childe Myca, although
maintaining very close ties to the Gesudians, are more interested
inpreservingand protecting the Library of the Forgotten. It is they
who ensure the continuity of the Tzimisce family.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

The Obertus Tzimisce, with the exception of Symeon and
Myca, rarely venture outside their monastery. The resulting
distance from the other families has led to a degree of distrust
of the Obertus. Constantinople's age-old animosity between
the Ventrue and Tzimisce, though not as strong as during the
Iconoclast years, still colors relations between the two fami-
lies. The Michaelite Toreador, on the other hand, have always
welcomed the Cainite monks with open arms, and respect
Gesu and his followers for their devotion.

After centuries with no scion family, the Obertus finally
granted charter to the Baron and his Gangrel, balancing their
physical prowess with Gesu's spirituality.

CurRENT CONCERNS

The recent influx of Cainites to the city — including a
small band of Malkavian flagellants who have petitioned to be
allowed to join the order —has prompted Gesu to close the gates
of the monastery to all. Symeon has tried to reason with Gesu,
but the Cainite saint will notheed him. Asa result, the Tzimisce
have become isolated from the rest of the city, and Symeon is left
alone as one of the few Tzimisce with any real contacts.

A darker cloud than isolationism looms on the horizon,
though. During the Latin riots of 1184, a Genoese Lasombra
pleaded with Gesu and Symeon to be granted sanctuary for

herself and a mortal child named Lillian. The two brothers
gave it, but only after Lillian was given to themasa gift. Asshe
grew older, Lillian displayed not only an unearthly beauty, but
also a unique essence.

Both brothers fell in love with the mortal woman, each for
his own reasons. Following the tragic events of the Immacu-
late Union (see sidebar), the bond between Symeon and Gesu
weakened anda rift eventually developed between them. The
greatest strength of the Obertus Tzimisce was the love the
brothers shared. Now that Symeon feels betrayed by his
brother, dark thoughts of murder turn in his mind as he
laments Lillian's fate.

RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

Any contact that vampires have with the Obertus Tzimisce
is an enigmatic and unnerving experience. Their power and
influence throughout the city is subtle and mysterious, but
unmistakable. Gesu has grown weary of the world beyond his
monastery walls, but is in need of outside contacts. Those
Cainites who display a desire for knowledge and insight might
be invited by Gesu to join the order and gain further under-
standing of themselves. This, however, is only after they have
recognized Gesu as their saint.

Myca is interested in those vampires who show temporal
potential, and who are willing to take risks for a greater cause.
The ultimate manipulator, Myca is a dangerous individual,
and the characters should never know where they stand with
him. Symeon has recently dedicated himself to running the
Christ Pantokrator Monastery, and Cainites with an interest
inscience and medicine mightattract his attention. Symeon's
feelings of despair and betrayal over the loss of Lillian could
lead to acts of revenge that involve other vampires, whether
in support of or opposition to Symeon.

THE BaRON's GANGREL

A storm gathers about Constantinople. The Gangrel
family led by Baron Thomas Feroux has sworn to protect the
city, and to ensure the safety and prosperity of the family's
patrons, the Obertus Tzimisce. Since the Baron's arrival over
acentury ago, the Gangrel have become indispensable. Their
contacts among their clan, both in the East and the West,
allow them to transport C: -s from one end of the Byzan-
tine Empire to the other, while simultaneously ensuring the
safety of Constantinople.

ORGANIZATION

Recognized as scions of the Obertus during the Seventh
Council, the Baron's Gangrel make up one of the largest
families. Many of them, however, do not reside in
Constantinople. Instead, they travel across Europe on various
missions. The Baron grants his childer freedom, yet upon the
Embrace each shares blood with Symeon in a baptismal cer-
emony. The Baron's network of Cainites keeps him informed
of developments inside and outside the Byzantine Empire.

CHAPTER FOUR: ALLIANCES


The family's primary responsibility, however, is the pro-
tection of Gesu and the Tzimisce monastery, a task it fulfills
with almost religious fervor. Contrary to their barbaric repu-
tation, the Gangrel look with awe upon the wealth ofknowledge
they guard. The Baron also enforces the Codex of Legacies
throughout the city.

In keeping with the Baron's Norman background, his
family is feudal in organization. Thomas is the ruler of his clan
and he grants titles to his childer, assigning them places within
the family's hierarchy. Once every three years, his childer
travel to Constantinople to share news and stories. Thomas is
the only Gangrel normally allowed to sire in Michael's city
(though on special occasions the deserving are allowed to
Embrace as a reward for their actions). So far, the feudal order
thatthe Baron applies to his family has served him well, mainly
for its ritualized traditions and oaths of fealty.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER FAMILIES

Due to the pressure the Latin Cainites exerted during the
Eighth Council, the Baron and his Gangrel lost power in the
city's Latin Quarter. This angers Thomas and he believes the
weak Ventrue are responsible for Constantinople's current
woes. Not wanting the city to fall to Westerners, he has been
instrumental in forging a new alliance with the Nosferatu,
Gangrel and Brujah clans — in effect, a new Trinity.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

CarRENT CONCERNS

Anumber of Gangrel abroad have reported the possibility
of a Fourth Crusade, and its passage through Constantinople.
The Baron takes these rumors seriously and has begun urging
the ruling families to prepare. Their reaction, however, has
been halfhearted. Furthermore, the Gangrel no longer have
the freedom to persecute and try all Cainite offenders, a
stricture that, with the increase of new vampires into the city,
jeopardizes order.

Fearing the worst, the Baron has pleaded with Symeon to
convince his brother to leave the city or move the contents of
the Library of the Forgotten to a safe place. Symeon, trusting
his old friend, supports Thomas' position, but Gesu refuses to
acknowledge his wishes. The Gangrel have therefore begun
smuggling tomes out of the city against the saint's orders, but
with the tacit approval of the Keeper of the Faith.

RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

The Baron's Gangrel have always attracted those Cainites
with a sense of honor and bravery. The family's feudal nature
promotes a strong sense of belonging, and its duty to protect the
Cainite monks only furthers this sense of community. Gangrel
who originate outside the city could belong to the Baron's
extended family, and be called to Constantinople to aid it in
ferrying books or establishing contacts with the Seljuk Turks.


The Latin Cainites are the Baron's principal foes, and
vampires could become involved ina shadow war between the
two factions — or, even worse, be caught between them.

OTHER GROUPS
OF INFLUENCE

Tue Latins

Since the fall of Rome to Odoacer's barbarian hordes, the
Cainites of Constantinople have harshly judged their cousins
from the West. Byzantines see these Latins — as opposed to

Byzantine Greeks — as uncivilized children who don't know
their place. The Latins have responded in kind, considering
Constantinople's locals to be pompous, self-inflated fools. As
the tide of Mediterranean trade has shifted from Constantinople
to Venice and other Latin ports, tensions between East and
West have risen; the proud Byzantines have increasingly been
forced to turn to Venetians and their Lasombra overlords for
economic and political support.
This transition of power has played right into the hands
ses ndan ancient subject
ofthe Byzantine court. He has helped create enclaves of power
in Constantinople, free from the Trinity's control, and has
arranged for Venetian mortals to seize the city's trade. He has

used the independence granted him by the Eighth Council to
open the Latin Quarter to all manner of Cainites, including
the mad Chosen of Calomena. Narses plans to steal the wealth
of the East through his childe Bishop Alfonzo.

Meanwhile, Alfonzo considers his appointment to be his
chance to grab real power. He manipulates his sire and follow-
ers into delivering the city into his hands. Unknown toall, the
bishop has the assistance of the enigmatic Inconnu.

ORGANIZATION

The Latin Cainites of Constantinople do not comprise an
organized whole; they form a s of enclaves that are bound
by the limits of their territories. Alfonzo stands at the top of
this loose hierarchy as bishop of the Venetian sector, overlord
of the Latin Quarter, and representative of the Narsene
Lasombra family (which is grudgingly recognized by the Trin-
ity). He rules from a guarded enclave and keeps an eye on the
affairs of the Venetian traders that are his power base. Other
Italian trading cities also have representatives in the quarter,
the most prominent being Bishop Gabriella of Genoa, but
none has as much authority as Alfonzo.

The other Latins are a motley crew — the lost, the

erate, each vying for his own measure of security. They

d only by the scorn and hatred they receive from

Byzantines, and by the burning resentment they feel in
return.


The only major events to which all Latin Cainites are
normally invited are the blood feasts of Alfonzo. Held in his
compound in the Venetian quarter, these celebrations feature
lavish costumes and the offering of several mortals as nourish-
ment. The poor victimsaresometimesLatin wretches, but Alfonzo
far prefers the taste of Greeks who are foolish enough to stumble
into his clutches. Feasts usually begin with an air of ceremony and
ritual, but quickly degenerate into bloody slaughters. Some ad-
venturous Byzantine Cainites have begun attending the feasts,
and enjoy the release of surrendering to their predatory desires.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER Groups

Most vampires outside the Latin Quarter view the invaders
with distaste. The independence granted to the district and the
powers invested in the Narsene Lasombra during the Seventh
and Eighth Councils are particular affronts to the Lexor Brujah
and the Baron's Gangrel. The Ventrue are also embarrassed by
the power they granted to the Latins. Most other families look
upon the Latins with disdain or thinly veiled hatred. Only the
Malachite Nosferatu, tied to the Latin St. Ladre, have some
respect for the foreigners — with the noted exception of the
Lasombra. The Setite Children of Judas were once the only
Byzantine family truly athome in the quarter, the Serpents being
masters of the corruption and depravity that ran rampant in the
its streets. The recent destruction of several Setite thralls,
however, has temporarily forced the Children out. Even so, the
tendrils of their influence are felt indirectly.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

CurrENT CONCERNS

Bishop Alfonzo's plan to loose chaos into the city by
allowing all manner of Carrion into the Latin Quarter seems to
be working, even though the Latins are also paying the price. The
bishop's childer Juliano and Adrianna have been destroyed by
Calomenan witch-hunters;several mortal followersof the Setites
have been killed in the quarter without Alfonzo's knowledge or
consent; and Bishop Gabriella has recently vanished. While
Alfonzo is more than happy to be free of the Genoese bishop, he
is bothered that he is ignorant of those responsible for the
disappearance. Similarly, he sheds no tears for the recent loss of
Setite pawns, butisaware thatKhay'tall suspects him of the deed.
Alfonzo has begun to employ mortal spies among the Venetian
traders to keep track of the Cainites under his charge, and his
ghoul guards have taken to patrolling the streets at night. They
enforce no laws, but report faithfully to the bishop.

RELATIONS WITH OUTSIDERS

The Latin Quarter is open and ready to receive any and all
newcomers to the city. A coterie of Western European Cainites
could easily find a home amid the squalor and wealthy traders of the
sector. Bishop Alfonzo does his best to keep an eye on newcomers,
butalso encourages them to pursue any and all destructive behavior
aimed at the Byzantines, and invites foreigners to his blood feasts.

Greek vampires look down upon yet more Latin
"wretches," but as the threat of the Fourth Crusade looms
closer, alliances may form between local Greeks and Latins.


THe COVENANT OF THREE

In A.D. 1197 few have the foresight to recognize
Constantinople's fate; most believe the city will last forever. Yet
some have taken note of ill omens and prepare for the worst, hoping
to avert whatever the future has in store. In the last few years,
members of the Lexor Brujah, the combined Nosferatu of Mala-
chite and St. Ladre, and the Baron's Gangrel have formed a loose
alliance. Members of this young Trinity — called the Covenant of
Three—see the Dream asa reality and not, like so many others, an
unattainable prospect. Each member of the Covenant owes some-
thing to the families of the Trinity, but more importantly to the
Dream that the Triumvirate created so long ago.

ORGANIZATION

The Covenant of Three is an informal but strong alliance
formed by Natalya, Fra' Raymond, Malachite and the Baron
Thomas. Although not a member of the Covenant, the
Tzimisce Keeper of the Faith also has a vested interest in the
fledgling union and lends her support whenever she can.

The Covenant was formed a little over three years ago by
Natalya, who saw Constantinople's growing confusion as its
greatest weakness. She proposed a secret partnership with the
Baron. The Gangrel agreed only after Fra' Raymond and
Malachite were invited to join as well. On November 13th,
1193, in a ruined portion of the Walls of Constantine, the
Cainites formed the Covenant, pledging their undying service
to their city and the Dream.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER GROUPS

The Baron, Natalya, Fra' Raymond and Malachite have
kept their relationship secret even from other members of
their families. Only the Keeper of the Faith knows of the
Covenant, but has given the Baron her word to remain silent.
Though they see the need to circumvent the Triumvirate of
families, the Cainites still respect and admire the families
since they represent true vampire nobility.

The Setite Sarrasine has recently shown interest in
Natalya's secretive activities and senses that the Brujah is up
to something.

CaurrENT CONCERNS

So far the Covenant has preoccupied itself with forming
astable power base. Natalya uses her contacts in the imperial
court to allow her access to the city's resources. The Baron has
enlisted the aid of Fra' Raymond in concealing a number of
books within the cisterns of Constantinople before they are
moved out of the city. But, ultimately, the group asa whole has
taken little direct action toward saving the city, unaware that
the invasion of Constantinople is only a few years away.

THE INCONNU

Beneath every major European city, within narrow and
dimly lit catacombs, and in dark and somber castles rest those
Cainites whom the young have labeled the Inconnu. From

their secluded havens, these vampires dream of their vanished
heydays, of an empire that stretched the length of the known
world, but which now lies in ruin and memory.

As ancient as these Cainites are, they forget little, espe-
cially when they feel they have been wronged. The members
of the Inconnu have waited countless centuries to strike back
at Michael, whom they resent for turning his back on Rome
and eclipsing their fabled city. In the last century, they have
moved their pawns—both within and without Constantinople
— with the sole purpose of showing the patriarch the same
pain they felt when their empire crumbled about them. As the
Fourth Crusade nears, so too does the Inconnu's revenge.

ORGANIZATION

The Inconnu currently have three agents in
Constantinople: the Malkavian Gregorius, the Ventrue Cae-
sar Magister Nicepherus and, most recently introduced, Bishop
Alfonzo. Each is carefully planted to weaken the city.

Although Gregorius had been by Michael's side for cen-
turies, slowly driving the patriarch insane, the Roman Inconnu
decided that he was too erratic and that another agent was
needed. After months of careful deliberation, the Romans
chose Nicepherus as their new pawn. Bishop Alfonzo, though
nota member of the sect, has been given support too, but the
ancients will probably leave him to the fires of the Fourth
Crusade.

CurRENT CONCERNS

The Inconnu's plan is to fan the flames of dissension in
the city, making it an easy target for destruction. Unfortu-
nately, Gregorius' insanity has become a major drawback, and
he has become difficult to control. The growing weakness of
the Ventrue family is also a major worry, since Nicepherus'
connections to the sect may be exposed and its hopes for
revenge dashed.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER GROUPS

The Inconnu have no friends in Constantinople, only
tools. Each family is a potential "accomplice." Through their
agents, the ancients maneuver to weaken the city and pit one
faction against another. Nicepherus and Alfonzo have agreed
to increase tensions between Latin and Byzantine Cainites,
and they recognize the Baron's Gangrel as their principal foes.
The pair hopes to lure the Gangrel into attacking them so that
the caesar magister can brand them as renegades. Ironically, a
few within the Inconnu hope to preserve the wealth of
knowledge stored in the Library of the Forgotten, and may
approach the Keeper of the Faith with invitations to join the
Inconnu in return for her books.

THE DREAM Circle

The most diverse of Constantinople's vampire cults is the
cabal of "dreamers" that has formed around the Salubri mystic
Achmet. This Cainite — a distant childe of Saulot, the
Antediluvian who was diablerized by Tremere — guides his

CHAPTER FOUR: ALLIANCES


Sy

{7 7—

disciples into a rediscovery of the vibrant nature that was
theirs during their breathing days. The secret to this renewal,
Achmet says, is an exploration of dreams and torpor, states in
which the Curse of Caine is lifted as the body no longer gorges
on blood. The ultimate goal of the Circle is mythical Golconda.
None know if it truly exists, but the cultists continue their
quest nonetheless.

For many centuries, Achmet pursued his destiny alone and
traveled the empireand beyond. The murder of Saulot, however,
sent a shock through him and he sought shelter from the dark
times to come. An acquaintance of Gesu from centuries back,
Achmet returned to Constantinople in A.D. 1140 and found
protection in the monastery of the Akometai. He fasted there,
and tried toreach the next destination ofhis journey through the
prolonged deprivation espoused by the Tzimisce monks.

Achmet has learned many secrets since coming to
Constantinople, and even when he is in deep slumber his
influence can reach out to those who seek enlightenment.

The Circle gathers in the monastery to fast and meditate
at its master's side, and to share knowledge. Although mem-
bers are bound by the quest for enlightenment, their different

desires tear at the cult and threaten to leavea legacy of nothing
but ash.

ORGANIZATION

The Dream Circle has no real structure or hierarchy.
Achmet remains at its center and his influence is felt through-
out. When he is in torpor, however, his spiritual touch is light,

and most dreamers must find their own way. The cult meets at
least once a month and its activities are usually directed by
whoever has a project or proposal for her peers. The oldest
dreamer is the Ravnos Gregory, who met with Achmet long
before his arrival in Constantinople. The Tzimisce Myca
Vykos wields the most political power. The rogue Tremere
Theresa Kymena seems to share the closest bond with Achmet
and has gained further status by sharing her Thaumaturgic arts
with her fellows. Finally, the Tzimisce Gesu watches over
gatherings, casting his unmistakable presence over the Circle.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER GROUPS

The Dream Circle has close ties to the Obertus Tzimisce
and their allies, underlined by the patronage of Gesu and the
membership of Myca. Other groups in the city are less enthu-
siastic about the Circle. The Toreador worshippers of Michael,
in particular, tend to perceive cults as heresies. Most Ventrue
do not distinguish between the Dreamers and the Gesudians
who protect them, but Alexia Theusa has been known to make
appearances at Circle gatherings, and her influence over the
Ventrue leader Caius garners the Dreamers a voice at court.

The Circle is open more to Latins and other outsiders
than itis to Byzantine Cainites. The cultists' quest for enlight-
enment involves learning from others; affairs of status are
considered irrelevant. The Tremere envoy Abetorius, how-

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

ever, is considered a threat because of the testimony of
Theresa. The Chosen of Calomena are also looked upon with
concern, not only because of their destructive actions, but
because their nihilism has a dangerous appeal for those who
are waylaid on the road to Golconda.

CurRENT CONCERNS

The members of the Dream Circle are aware of the omens
of doom that surround them. While others in the city seek
recrimination and revenge, the Circle envisions the coming
invasion. This is a dangerous time for the Dreamers. As
Theresa assimilates information about her mentor, she begins
tounderstand the appeal of her clan-father's crime of diablerie.
She and Myca have spoken of seeking more direct paths to
power. Gregory seems to have decided to leave the city,
remaining only to complete his studies and watch over a
mortal protégé. Only Achmet seems content to embrace the
future — just as his clan father Saulot did.

THE CHOSEN OF CALOMENA

As the Byzantine Dream draws to a close, Cainites search
for any new philosophy that will shelter them from the coming
storm. The most desperate turn to the Chosen of Calomena.

Born in the shrouded peaks of the Western Balkans, this
cult seems to be loosely derived from the Bogomil heresy
which has implanted itself in the mountain region. The
Chosen believe that Caine was the child of the devil and that
his children are the most vile manifestations on earth.
Calomena—Caine's twin sister —is believed to be preparing
to return and destroy the vile Cainites, cleansing the world for
the glorious spirit of God. The Clanless are her chosen
instruments.

The Chosen came to Constantinople in the 1180s, guided
by their founder, the mad prophet Stanislav. They first found
shelter in the newly independent Latin Quarter and from
there established their cult. Each Chosen attracted a cabal of
mortals, inoculating the kine with Cainite blood and teaching
them the ways of their mistress. In the process the Chosen
have created a formidable army of fanatic witch-hunters.

Bishop Alfonzo, overlord of the Latin Quarter, realized
the danger of the Chosen too late and, in A.D. 1196, paid for
his blindness with the destruction of his childer Juliano and
Adrianna at the hands of Calomenan mortals.

ORGANIZATION

The Chosen are organized according to a three-tiered
system. In the center are Stanislav and the six other Caitiff
who emerged from the Balkans in A.D. 1187. These are the
true children of Calomena, each driven by the belief that he
is to ignite the fires of Gehenna. Stanislav leads with equal
amounts of fanaticism and charisma, but each Caitiff has
established a cult of his own among the mortals of the city, and
dissension has begun to spread among cult members.


The second tier in the cult's hierarchy consists of the
mortals that each Caitiff gathers about him. Each of the
Chosen recruits from three to 10 followers and instructs them
in the ways of Calomena. These mortals often become ghouls,
their Blood Oaths cemented with religious fervor. These
followers help the Chosen hide in Constantinople.

Thefinal tier in the group is made up of those Cainites whoare
mad or lost enough to be drawn into the cult. Stanislav has a keen
sense for those who are starving for purpose, even one as twisted as
his own. These cultists worship Stanislav as a prophet and would

yes. The

gladly surrender their unlives to redeem themselves in his

Ventrue Basil of Thessalonika was the first such convert, but
Stanislav has also turned the Brujah Theophilus and Dorotheus.

Stanislav holds gatheringin the dilapidated private Mon-
astery of St. Luke in Arcadius. There the three tiers are
brought together for dark and cruel rituals in which their
despicable physical forms are purged by self-inflicted wounds.

RELATIONS WITH OTHER GROUPS

Since thedestruction ofJulianoand Adrianna, the Narsene
Lasombra have attempted to cleanse the Latin Quarter of the
Chosen, but are gravely hampered by their own open-door
policies. The Quarter swarms with unknown and unattached
Cainites, which allows the cultists to elude capture.

The Trinity families underestimate the threat of the
Chosen. The Ventrue are unaware of the presence of Stanislav's
disciples, while the Toreador and Tzimisce remain too lost in
their own contemplation to acknowledge the cancer growing
in their midst. The Lexor Brujah and Baron's Gangrel, dealing
more directly with the mortal world, sense the threat of the
blood cult but even they do not understand the scope of the
problem. Only the Setite Children of Judas know the true
danger of the Calomenans, but they guard the knowledge with

secret pleasure.

CurrENT Conc

Stanislav senses that the time of reckoning will soon be
upon the Cainites of Constantinople. He fully expects his
mistress Calomena to walk the night streets, breathing baleful
fire into the havens of her nieces and nephews. In preparation
for this night, Stanislav is busy energizing his mortal and
vampiric followers to a fever pitch. The prophet plans to send
his mortal worshipers against the Cainites in a camps
witch-hunting and haven-burning.

Stanislav himself, however, is most concerned with those
who have thus far slipped from his grasp. The Toreador
Gallasyn fascinates him as a prime example of the vileness of
Cainite nature, and he is determined to convert the vampire.

CHAPTER FOUR: ALLIANCES



Byzantium is probably home to more
Gainites thanany other city in Dark Medieval
Europe. dose to 50 campires reside in the cits
ona moreoress permanent basis, with frat
that many again visiting or passing through
from time to firme.

Viot surprisingly, Constantinopleis danger
ously overcrowded. Coen beyond the slave
cings of the Getites and 3 city's preoalent
Blood cults, Cainites contlict ower feeding
grounds and domains. Perceptive members
among the Trinity farnilies vwoonder vohether it
is time to forbid immigcants or visitors alto—
gether.

Viete: Long time follovoees of ite Wot
products woill notice a neve listing for major
chavactersin the profiles thattollovera Destiny
heading This tells vohat voill likely happen to the
character given time, provided the players he-
acters don't interfere. The Storyteller is by no
means cequired fo adhere to this destiny,
and Sacrasine the Setite, in particular) goon to
play coles inn VOhite VOolf's "modern" con-
tinuum


FisSHMITE

SHABAH, ENvoy OF ALAMUT

Background: Assamites are commonly thought to never
Embrace women, that they believe it improper to afflict
women with the Curse, but some exceptions are made. The
woman who would become Shabah jwas Embraced by an
untraditional,Assamite who saw in her aspark of greatness. A
member of a' trading"clan in the Atlas\Mountains of North
Africa, shewas abandoned by hersire and soon afterward seen
staggering across the landscape by her family, who had be-
lieved her dead. They. fled from-her-"shabah"\(Arabie for
ghost), and in the process gave'het a new name:

Angered by her fate, Shabah tracked her sire through the
mountains—thus passing his test-+and was brought to Alamut
for training. The Old Man himself sanctioned herexistenceasan
"experiment" and bidherto journeytothe West to leatn the ways
of the other-descendants of Caine. During her journey, Shabah
met the Byzantine Ventrue Belisaritis, at the time a traveler as
well. The two became friends and eventually lovers; sharing a
mutual Blood Oath and traveling/as vampiric husband and wife
for most of the/ninth andl 0th'centiiries. Eventually, however,
Shabah was recalled /by-her clan, and thé curse of tainted love
drove the companions apart:

Shabah's familiarity with the West and the disguise pro-
vided by her gender (others believing all Assamites to be male)
made her an excellent choice to perform assassinations in the
European world. She killed the Byzantine Emperor John II
Comnenus in 1143, not knowing that he was Belisarius' protégé.

More recently she petitioned to travel to Constantinople.
Herclan was faced with the challenge of Salah ad-Din and by the
Toreador and Baali lords of Damascus. She argued that the

Byzantine court would be a useful tool against the clan's Muslim
and crusader enemies. Since her arrival in the city in 1188,
Shabah has been trying to find common ground with the
paranoid and insane vampires of the city. She has also had to
restrain several Assamite visitors from hunting Byzantine Cainites
for their potent blood.

Shabah's greatest joy has been a reunion with Belisarius,
who is nowa Byzantine prefect. Their love has been rekindled,
but Shabah feels guilt over John II's death. Helena, a childe of
Belisarius who witnessed the killing, has recently begun black-
mailing the Assamite and has ordered her to eliminate the
Genoese Lasombra Gabriella. Playing her own political game,
Shabah has kidnapped Gabriella rather than kill her, and the
women are negotiating a solution to the problem of Helena.

Image: Unless solely in the company of women or her
"husband" Belisarius, Shabah wears a full-body black veil that
is embroidered with gold. It leaves only her jet-black eyes
visible. Beneath her veil, Shabah bears the combined beauty
of the predator and artist.

Roleplaying Hints: You are asilentassassin anda percep-
tive diplomat, and you use the mystery of your appearance to
your advantage. Your heart, however, calls out to Belisarius.
You fear that your love will sour as it did in the past, but your
souls are bound nonetheless.

Haven: Shabah maintains simple quarters near
Constantinople's only mosque, which is tucked away near the
Church of St. Irene.

Secrets: Shabah, through conversations with her "guest"
Gabriella, has learned of the Venetian Alfonzo's meetings
with the Malkavian Gregorius.

Influence: Shabah is looked on with a mixture of scorn and
fear by the proud and paranoid Cainites of Constantinople.
Belisarius values her opinion above all others.

Destiny: Shabah must choose between her heart and
clan. If she chooses the former, she may find happiness, but all
herservice to Alamut will have been for naught. She may gain
the undying loyalty of Belisarius, but in Assamite eyes she will
no longer be an assassin, only a target. In any case, she will
probably not survive the Inquisition and the Anarch wars of
the 14th century.

Clan: Assamite

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Defender

Generation: 6th

Embrace: A.D. 762

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 7, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 6

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 6, Athletics 5, Brawl 7, Dodge 6,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Archery 5, Craft (weapons) 5, Etiquette 4, Herbalism
(poisons) 5, Melee 6, Ride 4, Stealth 7, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 4, Linguistics 4,


Medicine 2, Science 2, Seneschal 5

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 6, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 5,
Potence 4, Presence 3, Quietus 6

Backgrounds: Allies (Belisarius) 4, Retainers 3

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 4, Courage 5

Road: Road of Blood 6

Willpower: 8

BaALI
Mary THE BLACK

Background: The woman who would become known as
Mary the Black came into the world as the mortal Ma-ri, the
daughter of a powerful Iugal, or ward boss, in the city of Ebla. A
beautiful young woman by the time Mi-ka-il was Embraced, Ma-
ti became one of his first adherents and worshippers, truly
believing that he was the god he claimed to be.

Ma-ti became Mi-ka-il's most loyal disciple. In return he
rewarded her with his blood, preserving her beauty as his
ghoul. He also taught her how to read and write Eblaite script.
Ma-ti was foremost among Mi-ka-il's lovers for several decades
— but this was still not enough to save her.

When Ebla was besieged by the Akkadians, Mi-ka-il van-
ished. Trapped in the city, Ma-ri spent the last days of her life
inscribing her history, knowledge and newfound hatred of her
false benefactor on clay tablets. When the invaders finally
breached the walls of Ebla, Ma-ri gutted herself with Mi-ka-il's
sword, spilling her blood on the tablets.

The tablets were forever preserved when flames from the
burning city baked them hard. They were lost during the
invasion, but were rediscovered in the ruins of Ma-ri's unearthed
home some three centuries later. After the city fell a final time
in the 18th century B.C., Ma-ri's scripts were scattered. In the
hands of refugees, some found their way to the coastal town of
Ugrit, a Cainite stronghold. One of the tablets' impoverished
carriers tried to sell them to a scribe who was versed in Eblaite.
The scribe, a mortal servitor of the Baali, recognized Ma-ri's
words as descriptions of a ghoul and brought them to his master,
a Baali priest named Anaduk.

Upon further investigation, Anaduk discovered that the
tablets contained more than just Ma-ri's memories; they held
her emotions as well. Using Auspex, Anaduk wallowed in the
hate and destructive passion captured in the script. He could
taste Ma-ri's vitae, sense her presence, and quickly realized
that he wanted her like no other. Desperate to find a way to
bring her back to life, he sought aid from his demonic master
Anoster, a member of a disease-ridden host of 36 demons
known as the Decani.

In an effort to restore the long-dead woman, Anaduk bar-
tered himself to Anoster, selling what remnants of his soul
remained. Anoster responded by sending Anaduk asuccubus who
could subsume the tablets and become the product of whatever
was contained within. Anaduk had made a fool's bargain.

The tablets were woefully incomplete and Ma-ri was only
partially recreated. Though beautiful, she was as black as the
fire-scorched tablets, full of disjointed and partial memories
and corrupted by hate. She slew Anaduk upon awakening and
gorged on his blood, becoming Baali with the vitae she took.
Ma-ri then fled into the night and began searching for her
other tablets, hoping to recreate her shattered memories.

Down the centuries Ma-ri searched for the pieces of her
identity, following an inner sixth sense to locate the remain-
ing shards. She had remarkable success: All the tablets were
recovered and subsumed. Mary the Black now wields the very
same sword she committed suicide with. She has also discov-
ered the whereabouts of Michael, the last piece of her life that
she must deal with before she can find peace.

Image: Mary isa young woman of 15, buther eternal years
and hellish nature prevent an observer from appreciating her
finer features. Her eyes are rimmed with red from the flames of
Ebla; her skin is as black as pitch; and, though she appears
burnt, her visage betrays no blemish or damage. She conceals
her sinister countenance under a dark hood.

Roleplaying Hints: You are patient in your own manner,
butnotwith the games of mortals or Cainites; you have little time
for such frivolity. You have a task to complete. Constantinople
isa difficult place for you. The presence of So many damned icons
of the singular God harrows you at every turn. You will not allow
that to deter your course, however, for vengeance is close athand
and you will find Mi-ka-il.

Haven: The House of Lamps

Secrets: Her entire past.

Influence: She has found a foolish ally in Peter the
Humble and can call upon the help of Layla Madeer, the
Nephandus mage who runs the House of Lamps.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


Destiny: Mary the Black succeeds in her goal, but only
because Michael allows it. When Peter the Humble finally
leads her to Michael, she slays both Cainites and commits
diablerie on the patriarch. Upon assimilating his memories,
she discovers that he never intended to abandon her in Ebla,
and that she only reached him because he willed it. Infuriated
over these revelations, she rampages through the city, killing
any of Michael's brood that she can find, Finally, she turns her
attention to Anoster, her demonic keeper, and begins plotting
to overthrow him. By the eighteenth century she amasses
enough powerand infernal allies to usurp Anoster and become
a full-fledged member of the Decani.

Clan: Baali

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 18th century B.C.

Apparent Age: 15

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 6

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 6, Larceny 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Archery 4, Crafts 3, Herbalism 6, Melee 4, Ride 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 4, Linguistics 5, Occult 6
Disciplines: Celerity 4, Daimoinon 6, Dominate 3, Fortitude
2, Obfuscate 4, Potence 5, Presence 6, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2

Virtues: Conviction 5, Instinct 5, Courage 3

Road: Road of the Devil 10

Willpower: 8

BrRU/AH

Clan Brujah is respected in Constantinople, and all the
families realize the debt they owe the Zealots. In recent times, the
Brujah's long-suppressed anger over the destruction of Carthage
hasresurfaced, and clan members have begun lashing outat their
enemies. Some wounds never heal. A number of Brujah elders
have traveled to Constantinople — many of them bitter and
resentful, others plagued by melancholy —and settled through-
out the city to wait for the end they sense coming.

Naratya Svyaros.av,
AWUTOKRATOR

Background: Natalya was born to a noble family just
before the Russian prince Vladimir converted to Christianity.
Natalya, benefiting from Vladimir's appreciation for educa-
tion, was sent to study at the University of Constantinople at
an early age. She fell in love with everything that was Byzan-
tine. The differences between her rustic homeland and the
beauty and opulence of Constantinople were enough to con-
vince even her parents to relocate to the city.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

As Natalya grew up her love of learning proved insatiable,
and she showed great potential as a future administrator.
When her studies were complete, she was offered a magistrate
post, which she eagerly accepted. Althdugh it was common for
a woman to be a part of the ifnperial-bureaucracy, her gender
and attractiveness still\¢aused:a number of problems. These
only propelled her to-greatnéss, though; a8 if in an effort to
prove her detractors wrong?

Natalya rose rapidly through the bureatucracy's ranks, and
by the age of 23 had atefacted) the-Actention of Autokrator
Tribonius. Over,the next two-yéars the old Brujah watched
Natalya as she implemented: a-number of changes and addi-
tions to Byzanitine/aw-and administration=Lribonius saw in
Natalya the/passion he possessed before the fall of Carthage,
and decided ‘to Embrace'the young bureaucrat,

Natalya ac¢epted the Embrace andi was effused with the
Brujah dreafwof building a new Carthage. For the first decades
of Natalya's unlife, Tribonius had her travel the kntown world
and learn/ from notable. Brujah. In/her journeys the young
Cainite explored,the ruins ‘of Carthage and éncountered the
Arabs whozuléd-the area, which gave het‘new insights and
perspectives. She also sojoutned to Spain,

The marshaling of the First Crusade. prompted Natalya,
now homesick, .to/return to ConstantinopleiShe found that
her beloved city had lost some of its lustersJt-was still home,
though, and'she~rejoined her Brujah family as Tribonius'
second-in-command, assuming amactiye tole as her sire spent
his nights updating! the Codex of Legacies?

Natalya was(careful not td alienate herclanmembers, but
aseed of jealousy WasStill planted in the hearts of Theophilus
and Dorotheus. With the approach of the imperial Comneni
dynasty, Tribonius orchestrated a massive expansion of Byzan-
tine bureaucracy, at times eclipsing the comprehension of

BRUBIKER


even the Brujah Senate. The body urged him to restrain
himself or at least codify his changes. Then disaster struck in
the form of the Latin riot of 1184.

Had the Senate been kept abreast of Tribonius' changes,
itmight have been able to prevent the slaughter of the Latins.
Dorotheus and Theophilus were slow to act and refused to aid
Natalya as she attempted to control the situation. When the
dust settled, Tribonius and Epirus (the Ventrue domestic
prefect) were singled out and destroyed for not preventing the
slaughter.

The following years were dark for the Lexor Brujah. It
took Natalya over a decade to piece together the hundreds of
hastily scrawled ledgers and treatises that formed the machin-
ery of Byzantine bureaucracy. With time, the majority of civil
institutions fell from Brujah control as both Theophilus and
Dorotheus proved pathetic leaders.

With herrecentassumption of power, Natalya has managed
torestore a number of crucial departments. Brujah control over
the city's administration, however, is not solid. While trying to
reestablish her family's domain, Natalya, recognizing the apathy
of the other Cainite families, has taken steps to control key
mortals in the imperial palace and Church. She prepares to take
extreme steps to save Constantinople.

Ironically, the Lexor's bureaucratic machinery might be the
greatest obstacle facing Natalya. Tribonius and Michael created
the city's political institutions long ago. The only way for her to
seize control and reorganize them is to sever Michael's influence
over the city — something that is not likely to happen.

Image: Natalya's face has a soft beauty; she has delicate
bones, supple skin and blond hair. Her crystal-clear blue eyes
sparkle with intensity. Natalya prefers long flowing dresses
that accentuate her figure.

Roleplaying Hints: In many ways you are the only person
who can keep Constantinople together, at least for now. Its
many threads are fraying and you can only hold onto so many.
Just which ones you save will determine Constantinople's fate.

Haven: Senate Basilica

Influence: Significant in the mortal sphere, though cer-
tain government departments have recently become difficult
to control.

Destiny: Natalya may soon come to hold the fate of
Constantinople in her hands; it all depends on whether she
drowns in Constantinople's bureaucracy or not.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Tribonius

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 7th

Embrace: A.D. 1002

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 4, Leader-
ship 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 3, Ride 3

Knowledges: Academics 4, Bureaucracy 6, Law 6, Linguistics
5, Occult 2, Politics 3, Seneschal 6

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Dominate 3, Potence 3,
Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies (clerks and magistrates) 4, Contacts 5,
Influence (administration) 4, Resources 3, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 2

Road: Road of Humanity 7

Willpower: 7

OTHER BRUjAH OF NoTE

THEOPHILUS AND DoroTHEUS
7th generation, childer of Tribonius

Nature: Penitent/Autocrat

Demeanor: Conniver

Embrace: A.D. 234

Apparent Age: Both men are in their late 60s.

Dorotheus and Theophilus were once accomplished scholars
in Constantinople, but always paled in comparison to Tribonius
and Natalya. Both senators were resentful of the upstart Natalya's
status, and assumed their tasks with nonchalance, putting the
burden of Constantinople solely on Natalya's shoulders.

Upon Tribonius' death, the pair lost the person who gave
their existence meaning. They have since become melan-
cholic and manic-depressive, reading signs of Gehenna into
everything that happens. Stanislav, the Caitiff Heretic, has
recently taken the bureaucrats under his wing and has taught
them the glory of Calomena. Finding little joy in their mun-
dane tasks, Dorotheus and Theophilus have adopted this new
faith with great fervor and aid the Caitiff in any way they can.


NNgREA OF. SPAIN

10th generation, childe of Gusman Bravo
Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Loner

Embrace: A.D. 1167

Apparent Age: early 20s

Nerea wants for nothing but atonement, which is why she
has traveled to Constantinople. Having destroyed her sire and
lover in a fit of jealous anger, she fled a Blood Hunt in her
native city of Barcelona. Since her arrival in Constantinople
she has gained recognition among the Latin Cainites, becom-
ing known for keen observations and a quiet, contemplative
nature. She also attends Bishop's Alfonzo's blood feasts.

A pall of sadness hangs over Nerea; she knows that
Constantinople's days are numbered and is waiting for the
flames to envelop her. She hopes that through her sacrifice,
her sire will forgive her. Deep down, she also dreams of finding
true love again.

The Latin Quarter harbors several Caitiff, the number
depending on the time of year. They are despised —and feared
— by Byzantine Cainites.

STANISLAV,
PROPHET OF CALOMENA

Background: Stanislav is one of the most dangerous
Cainites in Constantinople, at least to its other vampires,
whether they know it or not. The prophet was'a mortal
follower of the Bogomil heresy that even now plagues the
Orthodox Church. According to the heretics, the world is the

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

construct of Satan and — of interest to vampiric scholars —
Caine was the child of the Devil. Bogomils also maintain that
Caine had a twin sister named Calomena.

Embraced by an unknown sire in the Balkans, Stanislav
made his way south to Constantinople in the late 1180s. There
he gathered mortal and undead followers and was guided by
visions of Calomena. She supposedly informed Stanislav that the
childer of Caine were the personification of material evil and
that they must be destroyed. The Caitiff, on the other hand, were
said to be chosen by Calomena, placed among the undead to
prepare forher return and herald the coming of Apocalyptic fire.

Bishop Alfonzo of Venice, confident in the chaos that the
Chosen would create, was more than happy to give them
shelter in the Latin Quarter. Under this protection, the
Chosen established a preaching base and promptly went
underground. Now the Chosen instruct their fanatical follow-
ers that the demonic vampires in their midst must be destroyed,
and they identify Hagia Sophia as the principal dwelling place
of evil. The cult is organizing a direct attack on Michael and
his brood, although all Cainites are legitimate targets.

Incidents of witch-hunts have erupted across the city since the
Chosen's arrival, and no Cainite sect has gone untouched. Ironi-
cally, the Narsene Lasombra who first protected the Caitiff have
suffered the most; Bishop Alfonzo has lost his eldest childer Juliano
and Adrianna to Calomenan witch-hunters. Unknown to the
Bishop, the locations of Lasombrahavens were revealed to Stanislav
while he stayed with the St. Ladre Nosferatu. The Venetians have

recently declared war on Stanislav and his followers, but the

Chosen are infamous for their skill at hiding among the masse:

Image: Dressing in simple robes and rejecting all physical
adornments, Stanislav is a classic Slavic beauty. His shoulder-
length black hair frames a round face that features full rich lips
and a strong chin. His deep black eyes often gleam with tears

of blood, shed at the thought of the evil surrounding him.


Roleplaying Hints: It is your holy duty to convert those
about you to the cause, and no price is too high to pay to
achieve this goal. You speak with a simple passion that infects
your followers and frightens your enemies.

Haven: Monastery of Saint Luke amid the ruins of
Arcadius.

Secrets: Stanislav knows little of Constantinople's Cainite
society, but often crosses paths with other prophets and
heralds of judgment. He has spent time with the Nosferatu of
St. Ladre, but they rejected his tenets.

Influence: Stanislav's teachings have won him the en-
mity of Constantinople's Cainite masters. Ironically, Stanislav's
teachings have also inspired the Toreador Gallasyn, who
views the Bogomils' beliefs as justification for hedonism and
violence.

Destiny: Stanislav's dream of cleansing fire is but a few
years away. His followers, mortal and Caitiff alike, are more
than willing to transform the mercenary Fourth Crusade into
an instrument of Byzantine destruction. In a final irony,
Stanislav dies in a fire set by his own minions.

Clan: Caitiff

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 1 1th

Embrace: A.D. 1132

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 5, Intimidation 3, Leadership
5, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Stealth 4, Survival 4

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 3,
Theology 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Chimerstry 4, Dementation 4, Pres-
ence 4

Backgrounds: Allies (Chosen of Calomena) 3, Herd (Cult-
ists) 3, Influence (Cultists) 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Road: Road of Heaven 9

Willpower: 9

CAPPADOCIANS

Lapy ALexia THEusa,
Mistress OF DEATH

Background: Lady Alexia's history combines tragic love
and eternal hope in equal measure. Born in the late fourth
century B.C. in Athens, she lived a pampered life. Raised like
a princess, she came to fall in love with one of her father's
slaves, Andreas, and for years they kept their passion secret.
They both knew their love, no matter how strong and perfect,

was never meant to be. Knowing that to live apart was too
much for them to bear, they agreed to commit suicide in hopes
of being reunited in the world beyond.

On the night of their suicide they met ina secluded garden,
enjoyed the warm summer evening — the last of their lives. As
morning approached, Andreas opened a small vial of poison and
took a sip. The poison still on his lips, he reached out to kiss
Alexia, but at that moment her father, warned by another
servant, bolted into the garden and pulled Alexia away. Caught
in her father's arms, she watched helplessly as Andreas died.
Alexia was severely punished: Hershead_was shaved, a few
precious belongings were packed and she' was exiled.

Devastated, she tried to commit suicide again but stopped
herself when she had a vision of her lover, who begged her not
to proceed. In the vision, Andreas claimed that he would
return notias aslave or servant, but.as‘emperor of the city of
Blinding Goldy With-new-hopé, Alexia began trayeling the
known world insearch of this fabled city and in'the process
learned as much ag:she could-about death.

Herttavels took her toEgyptand the Far East, where she
studied the dark arts with whomever would teach her,Alll her
knowledge, however, proved tiseless; she gradually grew to
believe she. would never find Andreas. She-then decided to
travel back.to.Athens and spend her last days in the garden
where Andreas died.

On her journey back-she traveled through the colony of
Byzantium. Byzar, the Cappadocian founder of the colony, discov-
ered Alexia. In thé guise of.an oracle, he-heard her story-and,was
impressed by her knowledge of death. On her final night in
Byzantium, as she and Byzar discussed death while standingon the
shore of the Bosporus, he offered her the Embrace, telling her that
by accepting immortality she could await her lover until the end of
time. Whathe did not tell her was that in the short time that he had
been with herphe had fallen in love and hoped that the Embrace
would makeher forget about her departed paramour and join him.

‘Unfortunately for Byzar, the Embrace only strengthened
Alexia's love for Andteas. She saw another vision: a cross
rising from the ashes of Byzantium; a city of gold would be built
on the'shorés6ftthe Bosporus: As-time passed, she came to
understand that Byzarand his city must cfumble.or her lover
would not return. One night she therefore incapacitated Byzar
and his followers and, using her powers, placed them in torpor.
She then began planning the destruction of Byzantium, which
finally occurred in A.D. 196.

Lady Alexia has never stood far from the emperors of
Constantinople, acting as— or having influence over—their
personal physicians. She awaits the return of her lover, and as
each emperor nears death she uses her influence to have him
secretly Embraced. She hopes that by binding imperial souls to
vampiric bodies, she increases the chances of Andreas' spirit
reincarnating.

Through the ages, some potentates have escaped her care
and vanished into the afterlife, but Alexia has been remark-
ably successful. And so, in the deepest recesses of

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


Constantinople lies Alexia's haven, a crypt where the bodies
of the emperors and Byzar himself lie in torpor. There they
endure a Cappadocian's greatest fear: never knowing the
comfort of true death.

Image: Though Embraced in her later years, Alexia's
former beauty is still apparent. Offset by her deathly pallor, her
sharp, classical features give her a dignified and conservative
appearance, lending her a certain charm.

Roleplaying Hints: Outwardly, you are the epitome of
the calm, pragmatic advisor. You radiate a serenity that bor-
ders on dreaminess.

All other concerns, however, are secondary to Andreas
return. Even the few lovers you have taken through the ages
have been mere substitutes for him, and once you tire of a
companion you inter him in your crypt where he remains your
lover for eternity.

Haven: A crypt, built by Byzaras his haven, thatis located
deep beneath the Acropolis.

Secrets: Alexia is the only Cainite who is aware of the
true fate of Byzantium's emperors. Upon their deathbeds she
Embraces them and uses Vicissitude to replace their bodies
with others.

Influence: Minor, but given her contacts and allies in the
imperial palace, she could wield substantial power if she chose
to. Caius has come to rely on Alexia's advice.

Destiny: Alexia meets her fate with the rest of her clan
when the Giovanni make their move. Byzar and the emperors
lying in torpor might be the last of the Cappadocians to
survive, assuming Markus does not discover the location of the
crypt first.

Clan: Cappadocian

Sire: Byzar

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 308 B.C.

Apparent Age: late 50s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Empathy 6, Intimidation 4,
Larceny 2, Subterfuge 6

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 3, Etiquette 3, Herbalism 7,
Music 2, Stealth 5, Survival 5

Knowledges: Academics 6, Hearth Wisdom 4, Investigation 3,
Medicine 4, Occult 6, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Dominate 3, Fortitude 4, Mortis 7,
Obfuscate 3, Presence 4, Vicissitude 2

Backgrounds: Allies (mortal physicians) 3, Influence (impe-
rial physician) 5, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Road: Road of Humanity 5

Willpower: 8

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

OTHER CAPPADOCIANS OF
Note
Markus Masi Giovanni

7th generation, childe of Guisseppi Giovanni
Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Gallant

Embrace: A.D. 1115

Apparent Age: late 30s

Markus Musa, Claudius' youngest great-grandchilde, was
inducted into the clan for his acute sense of curiosity and keen
intellect. Once Embraced, Markus Musa proved to be an
exceptional scholar, and above all else an excellent historian
(a dangerous mix when combined with the Giovanni's deep-
rooted sense of ambition).

Sent to Constantinople to help the Latin Cainites estab-
lish a presence, Markus was also instructed to gather as much
information as possible on the elders of his clan, namely the
location of Cappadocius and his progeny. To this end, he has
repeatedly petitioned the Tzimisce to be allowed access to the
Library of the Forgotten, but has been refused. At the same
time, Lady Alexia has grown weary of Markus, prompting him
to devise a plan by which he might supplant her as head of the

Cappadocian "family," thereby gaining access to the library.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

The Setites of Constantinople normally number between
three and five, and all are under the dominion of High Priest
Khay'tall. There are no known independent Setites operating
in the city; Khay'tall assassinates the ones he finds for fear that
they will interfere with his family's goals.


KHAY' TALL, SNAKE OF EDEN

Background: Khay'tall, a Nuerian tribesman, was aslave to
a Roman garrison commander stationed in Jerusalem and was
present when the Christian Messiah was nailed toa cross on ahill
outside the city. He watched as the man hung there, suspended
like a banner of flesh against a wooden standard, and wondered
what sort of god would demand sucha sacrifice from his children.
He would soon have his answer.

Khay'tall's master, Comus Setevrius, was well known for
throwing extravagant feasts and orgies. The young slave,
always forced to serve at these events, quickly realized that
some of the visitors were more than human. He watched as
some fed in an,almest frenzied mantiefon.other guests and,
thoughtherémainedsilent, he was aware of the almdstslavelike
devotion' othérs paid to-their vices:

Ones evenings Khay'tall approached one \of the regular
guests; in Egyptian than' named Nehsi +- who he knew was one
of these superhatural-beings — and\petitioned to he'madé like
him. Whénjthe Egyptian amusedly asked why, Khay'tall'stated
that he'réalized that nobody was truly free. Everyone wasa slave
tosomething, whether it was vice, religion, hunger otether men.
Ifhe was to be a slave to something, he wanted to be a
something of his own choosing!/Stunned by the perception
displayed by the servant, Nehsi.took Khay'tall as his own and
taught him the ways of the Setites,

Khay'tall was kept asa ghoul fot nearly a century, learning all
he could about the shackles of mortal vices, before Nehsi Em-
braced him. He was then sent to serve at the Temple of Set in the
Roman-conquered city of Carthage. It was in North Africa that
Khay'tall met the recently Christianized Michael, and discoursed
withhim on the necessity.ofwice. Khay'tall convinced the ancient
Toréador that anything worth building hadto be ableto withstand
the temptationsof corruption —otherwiseit would bed slave to
something greater. During the debates, Khay'tall felt that he had
already won, forhe heard the passion in Michael's words and knew
that the patriarch was already a slave to his own dreams.

In later years, when Constantinople became home to the
Triumvirate, Khay'tall began a secret correspondence with
Michael to determine the best time to visit the city. When the
word was finally given, Khay'tall entered Constantinople
under the protection of Michael, to the surprise of everyone,
and even gained scion family status. Since then, Khay'tall has
been doing his best to prove to Michael that everything is
corrupt, and that the snake of Eden is not an outside force that
interferes, but is the inner weakness intrinsic to all.

Image: Bearing the tribal scars of the Nuer (several
aligned rows of dots that extend from one cheek to the other
across his nose), Khay'tall's skin still retains its dark luster
while his black pupils seem to fill his entire eyes. His hair,
braided and groomed, is dyed red with henna. His powerful
figure is mostly hidden beneath dark robes that are inlaid with
intricate patterns, but his build is betrayed by his broad

shoulders. He delights when Toreador become entranced by
the serpentine patterns on his garb.

Roleplaying Hints: Stare, always stare. Judge, always
judge. Silent, always silent.

Haven: The Silk Road

Secrets: Khay'tall is aware, through a St. Ladre Nosferatu
in his employ, that Bishop Gabriella of Genoa is alive and
under the "care" of the Assamite Shabah.

Influence: Khay'tall does not have dominance over any
specific area of the city, but his insidious influence taints
almost every facet of Byzantine life. The artisan guilds are
where his corruption holds the greatest sway.

Destiny: Khay'tall has proved to be his own undoing. In
demonstrating to Michael that nothing is perfect, he has
become influenced by the patriarch's subconscious death
wish. The Setite's corruption weakens the very structure of the
city. During the upcoming rule of Alexius IV Angelus — the
Byzantine emperor whose power is temporarily backed by the
crusaders — Khay'tall is diablerized by his progeny, Sarrasine,
for losing control of too many mortal pawns and weakening
the Setite power base in Constantinople.

Clan: Setite

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Tyrant

Generation: 6th

Embrace: A.D. 104

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 7, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 5,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Herbalism 4, Melee 4, Ride 2


Knowledges: Academics 3, Hearth Wisdom 2, Linguistics 4,
Occult 4, Politics 6

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 4, Fortitude 1,
Obfuscate 3, Potence 2, Presence 4, Serpentis 5
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Herd 5, Influence 3,
Resources 4, Retainers 5, Status 3

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 4

Road: Road of Typhon 8

Willpower: 6

OTHER SETITES OF NoTE

SARRASINE, THE FAVORED SON
7th generation, childe of Khay'tall
Nature: Autist
Demeanor: Confidant
Embrace: A.D. 532
Apparent Age: 15
A young page in the court of Justinian the Great, Sarrasine
noticed that the mortal emperors were not ruled by the Orthodox
religion they professed, but by secret puppeteers far more powerful
than the likes of mortals. His awareness of these beings' machina-
tions and his probing questions brought him to the attention of
Khay'tall, the newly arrived leader of the Children of Judas.
Recognizing the same spark of intuitive brilliance that he himself
had as a slave, Khe
In the centur'

Il took young Sarrasine under his wing.
ince, Sarrasine has managed to turn the
tables on his sire, becoming chief confidant to all his

secrets. He has come to understand that Khay'tall's interests
the city may not be what is best for the clan. The time to act
and surpass the teacher approaches, and Sarrasine seeks to
build power and a web of allies.

(SANGREL

The Gangrel, more than any other clan in Constantinople,
is a varied and diverse lot. Some-members are typically isolated,
but others have taken their rolesas protectors to heart, performing
their duties with ambition, determination and, above all, pride.

BARON THOMAS FEROUX

Baekgrotind: Born irvnorthern France as thé only son of
a minot nobleman), Thomas-was raisedsin relative comfort
until the\day that his parents were attacked and killed\by a
pack of wolves. Thomas'spent the following years livingwith
his dour and ¢ynical_uncle. He was never turdted; his only
escapé was hunting: In'truth, Thomas found strange comfort
in the dark woods that surrounded his family estate.

Thomas\was\17 when. his uncle died'and he inherited his
father's estate. He, wanted nothing to do with its memories,
though, and left on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. En route,
angry and resentfulattheworld, hestole, liedand tricked his way
from onéinn to theriext. Within a fewshortmonths Thomas was
as dour, cynical and, above all, cruel as his uncle.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

Itwas ina small Slavic town that his life changed forever.
Having spent the better part of the day drinking, Thomas
brought a young woman to his room. When she refused to give
herself to him, he became enraged and beat her to death. Her
blood was still warm on his hands when the shutters burst open
and a wolf pounced in. Before Thomas could do anything, the
beast was on him and took his life.

Unknown to Thomas, the truth of his parents' death was far
darker than he ever imagined. His mother and father were killed,
not bya pack of wolves but by a starving Gangrel, who Embraced
Thomas' mother. The would have taken her completely if
not for her love for Thomas. He became her last hope for saving

her soul. At night she would sneak into his room and gaze upon
him, leaving before the sun rose.

When Thomas left his ancestral home, his mother followed,
but looked on his actions with alarm and dismay. With every
woman he raped, with every man he robbed, she felt the Beast
claw at her soul. Finally, on the night he killed the woman, the
Beast finally claimed her. She killed her son in a bloody frenzy.
Yet, ashis broken body lay under her, his blood staining the wood
floor, pity and sadness touched her heart. Raging against the
Beast, she dragged his body to a field and Embraced him, burying
him in the soft earth. Wracked by guilt and shame, she lay on his
makeshift grave and awaited the dawn, hoping that her sacrifice
would mean Thomas' salvation.

When Thomasawoke and clawed his way to the surface, the
only thing he found was his mother's pendant amid a pile of
ashes. Unsure of what had happened, Thomas, confused and
hungry, returned to the village where he was staying. There he
hidas the Beast whispered to him. Finally, his hunger proved too
much for him. Storming into the inn, he tore into the villagers,
sating his craving on their warm blood. But, his rampage was
stopped by the soothing words ofa monk.


Theoleon, a Gesudian monk on his way back to
Constantinople, recognized Thomas for what he was. Calming
him, hespentthe night with the young man, trying to save his soul
from the Beast. On the following night, Theoleon and Thomas
left for Constantinople. The journey took a few weeks, during
which the monk instructed Thomas in the glory of Gesu, and
began the long process of teaching the Cainite of his true nature.

In Constantinople, Thomas was admitted into the order
and quickly befriended Symeon. The Norman's sharp intellect
soon blossomed, thanks to the Tzimisce. During the years that
followed, Thomas learned Latin, Greek and Arabic and spent
most of his time in the library. His reverence for the Obertus
Tzimisce became known to all when he pledged to forever
protect the monks and Constantinople. As a reward, Symeon
approached the other Quaesitors and asked permission to grant
the Gangrel family charter. With the passing of the Seventh
Council, Thomas was given his charterand was charged with the
protection of the Obertus Tzimisce and the city.

Image: Thomas is not imposing for a Gangrel. His frame
is slender and well proportioned, and his catlike eyes betray
the sadness he feels at times. What gives Thomas a command-
ingpresence is the large scar that runs the length of his face and
over his right eye. Slightly tufted ears protrude through his
medium-length golden hair. Thomas wearsasuit of mail armor
that displays his rank.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite your learned ways, the Beast
calls every night; it howls to be set free, to roam the darkness
as your master. Only your responsibilities allow you to keep it
at bay. You immerse yourself in duties and prayer, sacrificing
yourself for others and protecting the Tzimisce.

Haven: Petrion Citadel

Influence: The Gangrel enforce the Codex among Byz-
antine vampires. Latins who fancy themselves immune from
its laws learn otherwise.

Destiny: When the ashes have cooled, noone remembers
Thomasandhis crusade to protect Constantinople's Library of
the Forgotten. As the Camarilla and Sabbat are formed,
Thomas recedes into the darkness, eventually becoming one
ofthe Inconnu, oblivious to his brethren's involvement in the
Fourth Crusade.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Marie Feroux

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 7th

Embrace: A.D. 1076

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 6,
Larceny 3, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Herbalism 2, Melee (bastard sword) 5,

Ride 5, Stealth 5, Survival 5

Knowledges: Academics 1, Hearth Wisdom 3, Investigation 4,
Linguistics 4, Occult 2, Politics 4

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Celerity 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude 5,
Obfuscate 2, Potence 2, Protean 5, Vicissitude 1
Backgrounds: Contacts (Gangrel) 4, Influence 3, Retainers 4,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Road: Road of Chivalry 7

Willpower: 8

OTHER GANGREL OF NoTE

‘VERPUS SHUZEZH,
CRESCENT KNIGHT OF THE GANGREL
8th generation, childe of Hectorous
Nature: Defender
Demeanor: Survivor
Embrace: A.D. 1145
Apparent Age: late 20s
Verpus' Turkish descent is unmistakable. Embraced with-
out permission, he and his sire were hunted down by the Baron.
Intheend, Thomas was impressed by Verpus' tenacity and spared
his unlife, although the sire perished for his transgression.
Verpus Sauzezh has been a key advisor to the Baron when
dealing with the Turks, but, unknown to Thomas, Sauzezh has
divided loyalties. Though he has sworn a Blood Oath to the
Baron, his Turkish roots tug at him and may one day lead him
to betray his city and family.

IsABEL MANARA, CARRION THIEF
12th generation, sire unknown

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Rebel

Embrace: A.D. 1191


Apparent Age: early teens

Isabel's youthful appearance conceals a sharp intellect
and vicious nature. One of the many Latin children who was
orphaned after the riots of 1184, she grew up on the streets
using her natural talents as a thief to make a living. Embraced
by one of the Baron's Gangrel during frenzy, she was left to
fend for herself in the Latin Quarter. Since then she has
attracted a small gang of other so-called Carrion. A number of
Latin bishops have used her services in return for protection,
yet she is largely ignorant of the Cainites outside the Latin
Quarter and believes that the Trinity is a myth. Thomas has
caught wind of her activities and wants to bring her into the
fold, but her resentment of authority may prevent this.

LASOMBRA

Clan Lasombrais divided in Constantinople. The Magnus
family stands as part of the Byzantine Dream, its roots dating
back to the dawn of theRoman Empire. By contrast, the
rapacious Narsene Lasombra\of Wenite are voracious mer-

ly to stripthe‘eity of its wealth=

N:OF ORTHODOXY
omic who is amaster of his.craft

knows the difference: bétween control and"manipulation.
Both entail similar goalsthe latter; however, is attained
through subtle measures. Magnus of Byzantilim, in all his years
as a Lasombray has, had trouble with this distinction.

When Michael and his,cadre first arrived'in Byzantium,
the Lasombral~under the poor guidance of Ectoris —
controlled the city\through cults. One /of Ectoris' childer,
Magnus, saw the Triumvirate of ancient Cainites as an oppor-
tunity, not the threat his'sire believed it tg be. While Ectoris
scrambled to retain his fleeting powet, Magnus turned on his
creator and st him, This gift ¢ Triumvirate, accom-
panied by af promise tophelpssteer the-various cults toward
Christianity, earned him the featlershi ofa Scion family.

Having betrayed the ht inde of his brood to Michael,
Magnuscreatedtwot6 servehim\lt didnot take long for the Judas
Cainite to realize that he would need to control some aspect of
Byzantine life to justify his status in the city. With the Tzimisce
gathering the harvest of the growing monastic orders, Magnus
saw his destiny in the ecclesiastic divisions of the Church.

His plan was simple. Magnus knew that his Lasombra
brethren who controlled the churches of Rome would try to cast
their influence over Constantinople as well. He therefore cut off
their avenues to the city to claim his own domain. Magnus
encouraged separation between the already divided centers of
the Christian Church, and took control of the Eastern branch.

If not for Magnus' errors in judgment, greater things
might have been in store for him and his family. He believes
in obtaining his goals through domination. While his methods

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

occasionally work, his grip often becomes too tightand strangles
the life from his plans. His outrage at Maleki's show of
independence, his lack of promising students, and the inepti-
tude displayed by his childe Peter the Humble can all be traced
to Magnus' heavy-handed approach.

Given Michael's insanity, Magnus spends the majority of
his time trying to help Petronius guide the Triumvirate. His
own ambitions, however, are steering the city's leadership in
the wrong directions. Rather than unify the families, he
attempts to play them against each other. Rather than seek
assistance, he attempts to handle everything himself. Magnus,
however, does not see the error on his ways; he sees only the
glory that evades him.

Image: Magnus looks haggard and old. He is overweight,
has sickly pouches beneath his tiny eyes, sports a peppered
beard and mustache that hide his jowls, and lists from side to
side as he walks. He is always seen in the rich garb of the
Orthodox Church.

Roleplaying Hints: You rarely feel sympathy for others.
You speak as though inconvenienced; you practically huff at
any question asked and then respond with inadequate answers
(which prompt even more questions). Blame everyone else
when mistakes occur and chastise those beneath you. Time
grows short and you have little patience for what you believe
to be extraneous matters.

Haven: Church of Irene

Secrets: Magnus knows that the Malkavian Gregorius
Dimities is affecting Michael, but believes that the muse of
performance is awakening the divinity within the patriarch. It
is Magnus who brings Gregorius past the Scholai Guard to see
Michael while the patriarch rests.

Influence: Almost all of Magnus' influences pertain to
the ecclesiastic branch of the Orthodox Church. Any control
he seems to exert over the cults of Michael is superficial. Sarah
possesses real authority over the cults.

Destiny: Magnus meets an ironic fate. On the eve of the
Fourth Crusade, Sarah the Chaste stakes Magnus as he strolls
one last time through the Acropolis, and delivers him to the
Narsene Lasombra. His Final Death is prolonged over the
eight days that it takes the city to burn.

Clan: Lasombra

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Tyrant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: A.D. 76

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 4, Herbalism 3, Melee 2, Ride 4
Knowledges: Academics 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 4, Politics 5,


Seneschal 3, Theology 4

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dominate 5, Obtenebration
3, Potence 2, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Herd 4, Influence 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Road: Road of Humanity 2

Willpower: 6

BisHop ALFONZO OF VENICE

Background: The overlord of the Latin Quarter, Alfonzo
is one of Constantinople's greatest enemies. Under orders
from his sire Narses of Venice, Alfonzo works to undermine
New Rome. An ambitious merchant in life, Alfonzo attracted
Narses' attention by arranging for the convenient disappear-
ance of a rival named Leonardo, who was hindering the
establishment of lucrative trade rights with Norman Sicily.
Narses watched over the trader and Embraced him when the
Normans threatened Venetian passage in the Aegean. Al-
though Alfonzo spent years as a Lasombra priest in
Constantinople, he was only made bishop after the Narsene
envoys were slaughtered in 1185.

Narses has charged Alfonzo with taking Byzantine's wealth
for Venice, not knowing that the new bishop has plans of his
own. He has been in contact with members of the shadowy
Roman sect knownas the Inconnu, whose members resent the
Byzantine Dream. It was they who arranged the 1185 riots to
put Alfonzo in power as an instrument of vengeance. The
bishop plans to use Inconnu support to establish his own power
base in the city, apart from the dominion of his bitter sire.

To destroy the Trinity's hold on Constantinople, Alfonzo
has opened the Latin Quarter to a wide variety of elements,
collectively known as Carrion. He has paid the price, how-
ever; Calmenan witch-hunters have destroyed his favorite

childer, Juliano and Adrianna, who served as his principal
priests. His sadness is only superficial, though; Alfonzo's self-
mastery, so prized by the Lasombra, ebbs nightly. His Beast is
attracted to the chaos that grows in the city, and the blood
feasts he hosts for his allies sometimes take the form of refined
orgies.

Image: Alfonzo always wears the finest robes and cos-
tumes, evoking the wealth and sophistication of Venice while
trying to compete with the grandeur of his enemies. Only his
fleeting smile — appearing at times of great stress and disorder
—hints at his rapacious soul.

Roleplaying Hints: You must play the dignified role that
your station demands, but true enjoyment comes from the
Beast. You are the consummate host and your blood feasts are
becoming infamous even among Greek Cainites.

Haven: Alfonzo rests in a fine house in the protected
enclave near the Gate of Saint John de Cornibus. Ghouls and
allies guard him and provide hapless victims for his insatiable
hunger. His parties take place in a series of ballrooms. He
sleeps in a hidden vault below.

Secrets: Alfonzo is aware of most things that transpire in the
Latin Quarter. Only the Chosen of Calomena remain hidden to
him, despite his instructions that they be found and destroyed.
His knowledge of Greek sections of the city is limited, although
his alliance with the Inconnu agent Gregorius has given him a
frank perspective on Michael's madness.

Influence: Backed by the wealthiest Lasombra city-state,
the shadowy support of the Inconnu and the Eighth Council,
Alfonzo's hold on the Latin Quarter is secure. He is widely
hated by members of the Trinity, but the status of his sire gives
him influence even among his opponents.

Destiny: Alfonzo acquires real power when he rules the
Latin Kingdom of Constantinople, which is born after the
Fourth Crusade. The support of the Inconnu proves fleeting,
however, as they slowly realize the crime they have precipi-
tated in destroying the New Roman Dream. Abandoned,
Alfonzo faces the wrath of his sire and the resurgent Greeks in
Nicea.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Narses

Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 7th

Embrace: A.D. 895

Apparent Age: mid 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Intimidation 4,
Larceny 4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Music 2, Ride 4, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 2, Law 4, Linguistics 4,
Occult 3, Politics 5


Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 5, Obtenebration 4, Po-
tence 2, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies (Narses) 5, Contacts (Inconnu) 5, Influ-
ence (in Venice) 3, Resources 5, Retainers (traders) 4
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Road: Road of Humanity 3

Willpower: 8

OTHER LHSOMBRA OF NoTE
SARAH THE CHASTE

9th generation, childe of Magnus
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Survivor
Embrace: A.D. 402
Apparent Age: late teens

Sarah, a nun, was Embraced by Magnus, who was in need
of bright, loyal followers. Yet 600 years of existence has a way
of altering loyalties. This change, however, did not occur until
Sarah was charged with leading mortals into the cult of
Michael. She initially succumbed to Michael's angelic delu-
sions, but then seemed to recover her faculti

Unbeknownst to her, Michael is using Sarah to replace
Magnus as leader of the Lasombra family. She is to be responsible
for her sire's death (even though she does not yet realize it),
bringing Magnus' life full circle (the prodigal son, who becomes
the father by betraying his sire, falls victim to his own sin).

Sarah, believing she has broken away from Michael's mad-
ness, realizes that everything around her is crumbling. Magnus
obviously has no skill to maintain what he holds, Michael is in
no position to help anyone, her brother Peter is as inept as his
Cainite father, and the other families are caught up in their own
struggles. Disgusted by the way other vampires are so easily felled
bytheirowndilemmas, Sarahhasturned tothe Narsene Lasombra.
Although she has retained her position as cult leader and
confidante to Magnus, she now spies for her Latin brethren.

PETER THE HUMBLE
9th generation, childe of Magnus
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Autocrat
Embrace: A.D. 407
Apparent Age: late 30s
Never certain of where he belonged, Peter spent most of
his mortal life flitting among various religious vocations.
Magnus mistook Peter's actions as those of someone well
versed in a variety of fields and Embraced him on this false
assumption. Peter has since proved a great disappointment.
Constantly failing at tasks or never completing them
because Magnus grows impatient or intercedes, Peter is not
adapting well to his newfound power. On a number of occa-
sions, Magnus has tried to phase him out of the family by
indoctrinating new vampires, but something always manages
to disrupt his plans.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

Most recently, Peter has fallen into Michael's insanity and
seeks to confront the patriarch with an adversary worthy of his
ascension. Peter knows of the Baali Mary the Black and awaits
the moment when he can lead her to Michael.

BisHop GABRIELLA OF GENOA
8th generation, childe of Isabelle
Nature: Rogue
Demeanor: Autocrat
Embrace: A.D. 936
Apparent Age: late 30s

The only Latin vampire to survive the slaughter of 1185,
Gabriella is distrusted by her fellows. She in turn has very little
confidence in Alfonzo of Venice, who sits above her by grace of
the Eighth Council. Ambitiousand driven like most of her clan,
Gabriella sees Constantinople as a rich but fractured resource.
She believes that her clan should be assisting in its reconstruc-
tion rather than robbing it of its wealth. A newly resurgent

Byzantium — with Genoese allies, of course — could prove a
source of infinite riches. Gabriella has tried to establish good
relations with Byzantine Cainites, and grew particularly close to
the Tzimisce Symeon, with whom she and her mortal favorite

e. However, the
death of Lillian at the hands of Symeon's brother Gesu dealt a
blow to the alliance.

Lillian found sanctuary during the Latin mass:

Gabriella now finds herself in a very precarious position.
The Assamite Shabah, acting on orders of the Ventrue Helena
the Armenian, has kidnapped Gabriella. Held in the Saracen's
haven, Gabriella is doing her best to take advantage of the

eristic reluctance to kill her. The bishop
has already provided information about Alfonzo, in the hopes
of simultaneously regaining her freedom and ending his mis-
erable existence.


MALKAVIAN

Aside from occasional appearances throughout the ages,
the childer of Malkav traditionally shunned the city of
Constantinople. When they-did visit; fewever remained for
long; they tarried insorderto dbserve goings-on and then
vanished. Legends persistédthat( visiting Malkavians were
looking for something relic of the past — but none were
able to confirm these rumors.

That all changed. 50! Years /ago.For, no apparent reason
Constantinople's MalkavianpopulationSwelled. Settling in the
squalid and largely lawléss Latin Quarter, the Malkavians fre-
quentseedy establishmentsand pose dsentertainersand charlatans.
They also rob unsuspetting-mortals of more than just their
change. Others wandér-the ‘streets'as/penitent flagellants, their
tortured screams echoing throtighdut the city as they share
visions of doom and madness with those they meet.

Unknown to all, Muse of Performanc®Gregorius Dimities, a
Malkavian, is using the sudden‘iftflux of his kind to create disorder.
His goal is to turn Michael's Heaven on Earth into Hell.

GREGORICS DIMITIES,
Mase of PERFORMANCE

Background: Gregorius)past'is, at best, a vague memory
that haunts him. Voices, feelings, and visions of places he has
never visited torment himas he sleeps. The only solace he has
found is in writing about his dreams. To him his written works
are the tortured ramblings of his frail psyche. To others they
are wonderful tragedies.

In truth, Gregorious was Embraced by one of the Inconnu
in the late fifth century, as Rome fell. After he was taken, he
escaped from his sire and wandered the dark streets of the
Eternal City. Amidst the winding, crooked paths, Gregorius'
sanity fragmented and finally shattered.

In a frenzy, he stumbled into the vast underground cata-
combs of Rome and eventually wandered into a secret chapel
that had once served as Michael's shrine. There, the young
Malkavian felt the presence of Michael — his power and
ambition. For hours he traced the delicate mosaics on the walls
and understood their pattern. For a fleeting moment Gregorius'
world became whole and united; he understood the nature of
God, and knew complete and absolute peace. Then the moment
passed and left the Malkavian obsessed. Michael had shown him
peace, tormenting him with what he would never know again.

Gregorius' sire did find him again, and for the next few
years nursed the childe's unique psyche. Gregorius never
recovered, of course, but came to appreciate his insanity. The
hatred he felt for Michael inspired him.

When he heard of Michael's Constantinople, Gregorius
pleaded to be allowed to travel there, to take revenge against
Michael. The Malkavian's sire and the other Inconnu agreed,
hoping that Gregorius would be the tool with which to strike

backat the patriarch. After Gregoriusarrived in Constantinople
he demonstrated his talent for performing tragedy before
Michael. The patriarch fell in love with Gregorius' work.

Since that night, Gregorius has ensnared Michael in a
web of madness. He hopes to twist the Methuselah's percep-
tions and views until the city and Dream areas fragmented and
tuined as Gregorius' sanity.

Image: Gregorius appears frail and sickly; his limbs are
bone-thin and his eyes carry a tinge of sadness. His thinning gray
hair frames his head like a crown, giving him a defiant Roman
appearance. Unlike other muses, he loves to offset his delicate
frame with the most ostentatious clothing, at times using his
wardrobe to actively display the insanity from which he suffers.

Roleplaying Hints: Your hatred of Michael is overpowering,
yet at times you feel that you have forgotten why you hate him so.
It doesn't matter, though. In the end you and he will be ashes.

Haven: Varies

Secrets: Gregorius knows that the Inconnu despise
Constantinople for surpassing their masterpiece. He is more
s destruction. He is also
responsible for the roving bands of Malkavian flagellants that
terrorize the city, and he has influence over them.

than happy to aid them in the cit

Influence: Gregorius has Michael's ear and loves making
the Toreador do foolish things, reinforcing both of their
delusions. Gregorius also advises the Narsene Lasombra
Alfonzo, who has forged an alliance with the Inconnu.

Destiny: Gregorius perishes after the Fourth Crusade at

the hands of the Inconnu, when he tries to atone for serving
them.

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Demtius

Nature: Monster
elebrant
Generation: 6th

Demeanor:

BRUBIKER
CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


Embrace: A.D. 367

Apparent Age: late 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 4, Artistic Expression 5, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Empathy 5, Intimidation 5, Larceny 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 5, Herbalism 3, Music 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 4,
Occult 4, Politics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dementation 6, Dominate 3, Presence 3,
Obfuscate 3

Backgrounds: Allies (Inconnu) 2, Herd 2, Resources 2, Re-
tainers (other Malkavians) 3, Status 5

Virtues: Conviction 5, Instinct 3, Courage 3

Road: Road of Typhon (equivalent) 6

Willpower: 7

NosFERATU

Unbeknownst to many, the Nosferatu is the largest and
most powerful clan in|/Constafttinople. However, because
most of these vampires live inthe city illegally, the clan cannot
overtly manifest its strength.

The Nosferatu aré divided into two allied groups, those of
the Malachite Family and-those of the Order of St. Ladre. The
former group, with only three members, holds official family
status; the latter is forced toremain hidden. What the Nosferatu
lack in political sanction, they make up for in numbers, not to
mention mortal agents and pawns,

Macaculrry THE Rock
OF CONSTANTINOPLE

Background: Malachite"is the chosen name of Maleki, a
former prelate in the Orthodox-Church of Byzantium. As one of
the more talented members ofthe ecclesiastic order, Maleki made
a Blood Oath to Magnus himself and was promised a place within
the trinity of the Magnus Lasombra, replacing Peterthe Humble.
Unfortunately, Maleki madé-a-grave error when |he publicly
contradicted his sponsor, a deed that would not go-unpunished.

Amid the Iconoclast-controversy of the eighth century,
the monastic orders were disbanded-and their members ridi-
culed for supporting the veneration of icons. Not privy to the
machinations behind the scenes, Maleki, though a staunch
supporter of Iconoclasm, believed that the harsh treatment of
the monks was nothing more than an attempt to usurp their
financial position in the Church. He spoke out against their ill
treatment in a move that damaged Magnus' standing with the
other families. "If Magnus cannot control his apprentice,"
they inquired, "how can he run a family?"

Magnus swiftly retaliated, not by killing Maleki (for no lesson
would have been learned), but by having him Embraced by a
Nosferatunamed Vasilli the Penitent Dog. Michael was outraged by

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

the act and quickly took Maleki under his wing, trying to undo the
psychological damage wrought by Magnus' treachery. Maleki, re-
named Malachite, was given family status and the right to Embrace
two others. From that time since, the Nosferatu and the Magnus
Lasombra have dealt with each other indirectly whenever possible.

Malachite is unlike many of his clanmates in that he isnot
ashamed to show his face by firelight. He regards his position
as important and believes he should act in an appropriate
manner. To do otherwise would be to admit defeat to both
Magnus and, more importantly, Michael.

Image: Malachite's dead, dry skin is tightly drawn over his
bones. It cracks and splits whenever he mov.
He lacks hai s knife-thin. Yet the
scars of Malachite's Embrace fade in contrast to his bearing. Despite
atouch of rictus, he isnoble and tall, thin and regal. Heneveravoids

or contorts his face.
even eyebrows, and his nc

eye contact and stares at people with meaningful intensity.
Roleplaying Hints: You know who, what and why you are.
You enjoy making people uncomfortable, but do not let them
forget that you areaman—one of honor, distinction, fairnessand
deliberate action. There is a purpose to everything that you do.
Haven: Palace of Daphne
Secrets: Malachite is one of the Cainite leaders who is
trying tosave the city. He is the instigator of the alliance between
the Baron, Lexor and St. Ladre families. Hé knows of the books
being smuggled out of the city, and senses darkness for
Constantinople should no one act to ensure otherwise.
Influence: Malachite has influence over the merchants of
the Meseand the attendantsat the Baths of Arcadius; interesting
bits of gossip surface in these places first. Malachite is known and
respected by most Cainite families. His Ventrue ally Belisarius
has even asked him to take the reins of the Michaelites from
Petronius and lead the city himself.


Destiny: In the final year of the city, Michael sees the fall
coming and, in his last moment of lucidity, Dominates the
Nosferatu into fleeing. Though the names of the Malachite
and St. Ladre Nosferatu eventually fade, their legacy spreads
to their brethren and unifies the clan. Malachite himself
vanishes, but rumors persist that he is in Damascus, hunting
Baali.

Clan: Nosferatu

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 7th

Embrace: A.D. 842

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 5, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Music 2,
Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 4, Law 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 4,
Politics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 4, Potence 4, Presence 1, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Herd 1, Resources 2,
Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Road: Road of Chivalry 7

Willpower: 8

OTHER NosFeERATU OF NoTE

Fra' RAYMOND,
LEPER KNIGHT OF St. LAZARUS
8th generation, childe of Fra' Gerard

Nature: Defender
Demeanor: Caretaker
Embrace: A.D. 1158
Apparent Age: early 60s

As the second Hospitaller to take the mantle of office for
the Order of St. Ladre, Fra' Raymond accepted the position as
a leper and was fully aware of the Nosferatu living within the
lazar houses. He accepted the Embrace without hesitation; the
temptation to help others from beyond death's confines was
too much to resist. Now he uses his skills to heal the spirit of
Constantinople.

Fra' Raymond has discovered a kindred spirit in Mala-
chite. Unlike many of his penitent brethren, he senses a
nobility in Malachite that could inspire other Nosferatu to
hold their heads high. Perhaps Constantinople has the poten-
tial to rejuvenate the clan. Time and circumstance will tell.

THE THREE

7th generation, childer of Malachite
Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Survivor

Embrace: A.D. 1096

Apparent Age: late childhood

Very little is known of the Three, save that the boys are
triplets and were all Embraced by a Nosferatu. Identical down
to their very deformities, there is nothing that distinguishes
one from another, not even voice.

The Three, discovered wandering with amnesia through
the city of Acre, were mistaken for lepers and brought to the
Infirmary of St. John's, where the Nosferatu recognized them for
what they were. Each displayed the ability tohave visionsandsee
what the other two were doing; it was they who had dreams about
the" city ofhope," which guidedFra' Raymond toConstantinople.
The Three have been with the clan for about a decade now,
under the tutelage of Fra' Raymond himself.

Unknown toall save Michael and Malachite, the Three were
part of Peter the Hermit's entourage when he passed through
Constantinople on his way to the Holy Land in 1096. Malachite
found the children as he spied on their camp, and informed
Michael of them. He was told to Embrace the Three without being
seen and to place them in torpor. The triplets, kept within the
Basilica Cistern, shared Michael's Dream and began to see
Constantinople as Heaven. They were Michael's cherubim.

When the time approached for the Three to "awaken,"
they were smuggled into Acre and arrangements were made for
them to be taken to the Infirmary of St. John's — where
Michael knew there to be a Nosferatu haven. The patriarch
believed that because Constantinople would become Heaven
on Earth, the weak and downtrodden should be accorded a
place in the new kingdom. He considered the Three his
shepherds who would lead the Nosferatu of Acre to
Constantinople, and who would introduce Malachite — a
figure they constantly dreamt of — to Fra' Raymond.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


Because of their shared mental link, one of the Three
always remains with Fra' Raymond, one stays hidden with
Malachite, and the last watches the cisterns and sewers. This
way, the two Nosferatu leaders know of each other's where-
abouts and can communicate through the children.

RAvVNos

Only one Ravnos has status in Constantinople: Gregory
the Wonder Maker, an adopted member of the Antonian
Ventrue. Others arrive ihythe city on an irregular basis to ply
their wares and perform tricks for the "spiritual adjustment" of
the pompous Byzantitie'Cainites.

GREGORY:
THE WONDER MAKER

Background?' In623; Gregory Lakerito' was among the
Akoimetai monks sent-to.Alexandria to duplicate important
records from the: Great Library-of Alexandria. A believer in the
Tzimisce questforenlightenment beyand the physical plane, he
was attracted tothe most esoteric and mystic of tomes. Gregory
unearthed from among the countless books‘a manuscript called
"The Book of the Fifth Essence," which he-discoyered to be a
Greek translation by Aristotle; no less —ofanancient Trojan
text by Aretus, The work postulated the existence of a dynamic
natural element'known'as "ether" and the possibility of using it
to shape the worldiand create unimaginable wonders. His mind
became filled with' the. possibilities of a new facet of natural
science and the marvels it'could ereate.

Wandering the night streets\¢lutching his copy of the
text, Gregory attracted a troupe of Alexandrine Ravnos and
was Embraced. Gregory spént several years with the Ravnos
caravan as it slowly traveled about the empire. When the

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

troupe arrived at the gates of Constantinople, Gregory realized
that the city wasstill his home. The wanderlust of most Ravnos
was not his — his journey would continue in his mind.

The Tzimisce, however, were less than pleased with their
ghoul's disappearance, and the Dracon himself felt that Gre-
gory had abandoned the true path. He was going to be ejected
from the city until he presented a small mechanical bird that
he had created by extrapolating from Aretus' text. The Ventrue
Caius saw it as a work of art that would please Michael and
convinced Antonius to afford Gregory the protection of the
Ventrue family. Caius planned to use Gregory as proof thathe
understood Michael, but the patriarch rejected all who were
associated with the murder of his lover Antonius.

For his part, Gregory has spent the centuries developing
his skills after the manner of Aretus, and has created wonders
known throughout the East. Caius, still clinging toa desperate
hope that Michael will one night appreciate Gregory's toys,
has had Gregory send many of them to Hagia Sophia. It was
Petronius, however, who received the gifts. Enraptured, the
Toreador satirist sought out Gregory's friendship and the two
have beenallies ever since. Gregory has also become amember
of the Dream Circle, pursuing understanding of the ways of
Aretus through the dream techniques of the Salubri Achmet.

Gregory currently sponsors a protégé, a young girl of vast
talent named Zoe. The girl has already created a series of
bronze cats that seem to have lives of their own.

Image: Gregory wears long robes of red and gold and
adorns himself with small examples of his crafts. Brooches
move of their own volition, rings glimmer with invisible power
and torchlight dances about his body. These amazing cre-
ations hide the twisted body that is Gregory's Tzimisce heritage.

Roleplaying Hints: Wonder and spectacle are your arts.
Most seek darkness in all they do. You pursue the simple
pleasures that bring light to even the blackest of souls.


Haven: Gregory and Zoe live in the Palace of Magnaura,
surrounded by their magical creations. Flocks of golden birds
nest in bronze trees. Silver-and-onyx panthers and lions stalk
each other on the palace grounds.

Secrets: Gregory occasionally sends his metallic birds to
spy on the vampires of the city, and shares what he discovers
with Petronius. He has recently learned of a series of secret
meetings between Helena the Armenian and the Assamite
envoy Shabah. Gregory isalso aware of the St. Ladre Nosferatu's
presence, which he learned of from the small Nosferatu child
who occasionally comes to watch Zoe's creations at play.

Influence: Only Petronius and the followers of Achmet the
Dreamer understand the importance of Gregory's wonders in
releasing the vampiric mind from its prison of darkness.

Destiny: Gregory understands that Michael's ultimate
wonder — Heaven on Earth — is profoundly flawed. He sees
destruction on the horizon and is prepared to leave with Zoe.
Clan: Ravnos
Sire: Icarus the Fool
Nature: Caretaker
Demeanor: Loner
Generation: 9th
Embrace: A.D. 626
Apparent Age: early 30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 6
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Empathy 5, Larceny 3
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Crafts (metal work) 7, Music 3, Survival 1
Knowledges: Academics 5, Hearth Wisdom 3, Investigation 3,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 3, Occult 6, Science 5
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 5, Chimerstry 5, Fortitude 2
Backgrounds: Allies (Constantine) 5, Resources 3
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Road of Humanity 6
Willpower: 6

TOREADOR

Only a handful of Toreador reside in Constantinople. Many
more, however, are said tobe makingtheir way tothe city following
the collapse of the Latin Querenter, Thesé) refugees will become
targets of the Setitesand/many will fall to: Serpent manipulations.
The Toreador who teaye the city after. the Fourth'Cfusade are the
progenitors of the debauched ‘Gainités Who weaken the clan. The
Toreador legacy"of Constantinople: fades Quickly, and young
Toreador do mofé to:tarnish the city's‘ memory' than preserve it.

MICHAEL THE PATRIARCH
The Wandéter,Muse of the Michaelité Family and Self-
Proclaimed Archi

Background: Bomas Mi-ka-il in aie 22nd century before
the birth of the Christian' Messiah, the future Patriarch of
Constantinople spent his mortalllife in' the Mesopotamian city

of Ebla, a powerful city of a quarter-million people that was
thought to be the Rome of its era. Skilled in words and writing
in a world where words were power, Mi-ka-il was eventually
made the king's scribe. This brought him to the attention of
the Toreador Antediluvian who Embraced him as one thrice
removed from Caine. Mi-ka-il spent the remaining 50 years of
Ebla's existence enjoying the fortunes of godhood and the
adulation bestowed upon him by his lover, Ma-ri.

When Ebla fell to the Akkadians, Mi-ka-il was secreted
out of the city during the day and taken to Kish, on the
Euphrates. By the time he awakened it was too late to save Ma-
ti, who had been left behind. It was a loss from which Mi-ka-il
never fully recovered.

AsMi-ka-il traveledalongthe Fertile Crescent, he changed
namesafter discovering that Akkadian vampires were hunting
him. Unfortunately, Beshter, as he called himself, had devel-
oped a taste for being worshipped and gained adherents
wherever he went. Even though he escaped his enemies many
times, his craving for adulation put him in constant danger.

Beshter finally struck out into the world ona quest forself-
discovery. Foreign lands passed under his feet as he spent his
first millennium observing various cultures. By 550 B.C.,
Beshter came upon Byzantium, a colony on the Bosporus built
by Byzar the Megarian. The fledgling outpost and coastal
paradise captured his heart. Aftera year or so in Byzantium, he
continued his journey to the uncivilized West and sought a
place to settle that was not already dominated by his ilk. He
eventually came to the Seven Hills and the nascent city of
Rome. Beshter chose to settle there.

Recounting the centuries that passed during the life of
Besther and Rome would be a monumental task. Simply put,
Besther was one of the most potent Cainites in the region and
he stood by the city and helped it grow. As a Toreador, his
concerns lay with the arts, not politics.

Beshter also spent time traveling to the territorial acquisi-
tions of his empire, studied the conquered peoples and assimilated
the cultural qualities that he approved of. Whenever he left Rome
to wander, his friends Antonius the Ventrue and the Dracon of
the Tzimisce guarded his childer and assets. He returned the favor
by supporting their endeavors in the city. The Triumvirate, as
they were later called, were steadfast friends and lovers.

It was during his travels in North Africa that Beshter
encountered adherents of the fledgling religion known as
Christianity. Curious about their tenets, he returned to Rome
and had the city's Nosferatu spy on cells of Christians hidden
in the local catacombs. Many of the Nosferatu were attracted
to the doctrines of the religion, and converted.

Beshter's spies returned and convinced him to join the
religion of Christianity. Still striving to fill the void in his life,
Beshter agreed and took the name Michael, after the religion's
premier and most potent angel. In truth, the move was made
partially out of hubris; he saw himself as the protector and
savior of these downtrodden people. Mi-ka-il's ancient vice
was surfacing again.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


As Rome began to deteriorate, Michael realized that it
was time to leave. He asked his two lovers, Antonius and the
Dracon, to escape with him and forge a new destiny. After
some debate they assented and left for Michael's fondly re-
membered Byzantium.

The remainder of Michael's story is recounted in
Constantinople's past and his family's history. The only tale
left to tell is that of the insanity that embraces his soul.
Between the loss of both Antonius and the Dracon and the
manipulations of the Malkavian Gregorius, Michael has re-
gressed to the old ways of his character, only with greater
conviction. He no longer wishes to be regarded as an angel, he
actually considers himself one. Michael plans to make
Constantinople his chariot as he makes his ascension to
Divinity.

Image: Michael, through a union of Chimerstry and
Presence, appears in the guise of a stained-glass angel. Light
shines through his form, his face is unchanging in its calm
benevolence, emotions play off the shimmer of his halo, and
his winged body sparkles. Above all, his presence demands
immediate supplication.

Roleplaying Hints: You never speak; your very actions
are your words. All beneath you need nurturing, guidance and
understanding, and you are here to provide. Heaven awaits the
righteous and you shall be the one to lead your followers to
glory. You are an angel, the chief angel, Michael.

Haven: Hagia Sophia

Secrets: Constantinople is rife with the workings of
Michael's mind.

Influence: Constantinople and the Byzantine Empire.

Destiny: Michael is destined to sacrifice himself. He
decides that the Trinity he always sought to be a part of should

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

manifest within himself. He has always been the Patriarch, the
Father; now he must become the Son and the Holy Ghost in
order to ascend.

On the eve of the Fourth Crusade, Michael allows Peter
the Humble to bring Mary the Black to him. He lets her
diablerize him, fulfilling his role as the Son through his
sacrifice, and is freed to complete his journey as the Holy
Ghost.

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 22nd century B.C.

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 8, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 9, Manipulation 8, Appearance 9
Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 7, Wits 8

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 7, Brawl 6, Dodge 7, Empathy 9,
Intimidation 7, Leadership 8, Subterfuge 6

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Crafts 9, Etiquette 5, Melee 7
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 7, Linguistics 8, Occult 8
Disciplin nimalism 4, Auspex 8, Celerity 6, Chimerstry 6,
Dominate 7, Fortitude 3, Potence 6, Presence 9
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 5, Influence (Guilds) 3, Re-
sources 5, Retainers (Scholai Ghoul Guards) 5, Status 6
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Road: Road of Chivalry 9

Willpower: 10

OTHER TOREADOR OF NoTE

PETRONIUS THE ARBITER

Muse of the Minor Arts, Leader pro tem and Quaesitor
of the Michaelite Family
5th generation, childe of Michael
Nature: Celebrant
Demeanor: Loner
Embrace: A.D. 65
Apparent Age: early 30s

The rule of Nero, in the century following the death of
Christ, was marked by great turbulence as various Cainite
clans vied for power. Manipulated by the Setites, Lasombra
and Malkavians, Nero became known as a mad despot who
eventually burned Rome to its foundations. During his reign,
he heaped both favor and scorn on those who crossed his path.
Celebrated one day, a citizen could find himself drinking from
a poisoned goblet the next.

One such citizen was Petronius, a Roman satirist known
for his extraordinary taste, elegance, luxurious lifestyle and
shameless hedonism. Nero had him named "arbiter" in a show
of approval that lasted only briefly. Petronius penned the
Satyricon, a renowned body of work that included the "Dinner
of Trimalchio," in which tales involving a werewolf and


vampire were recounted. Though Petronius had no knowl-
edge of the Cainites that infested Rome, Michael and the
other Toreador took notice.

When Petronius later fell from grace, he attempted to
commit suicide rather than face the brutal death that un-
doubtedly awaited him. Michael intervened and brought the
satirist into the Toreador fold. The Embrace was enough to
change Petronius. He was entranced by Michael's beauty and
abandoned his hedonistic ways.

When the decision to leave for Byzantium was finally
made, Petronius was one of the few Toreador who joined
Michael. Since that time, Petronius has been Constantinople's
muse of the minor arts. With Michael': ning insanity, he
has retaken his old title of arbiter as well, and assumed the
positions of Quaesitor and family leader. Petronius believes in
the patriarch's divinity and considers himself Michael's major-
domo. Unlike the other Toreador, Petronius is aware that
adulation of the archangel must be tempered in order to fulfill
family obligations. To fail the Michaelites is to fail Michael.

Duty has begun to take its toll on Petronius; none of the
other Toreador feel the need to involve themselves in the
city's bureaucracy. Petronius has therefore begun to rely on the
Magnus Lasombra for help, even though they are gaining
power over the Toreador. Of all the Cainites in the city,
Petronius' sole confidant and best friend is the Ravnos Gre-
gory. Petronius has repeatedly petitioned the Antonian scion
to join the ranks of the Michaelites, where his talents would
be fully appreciated, but Gregory has declined.

FANTHEMIOS OF TRALLES
Muse of Architecture

5th generation, childe of Michael

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: A.D. 537
Apparent Age: late 30s

Anthemios, an accomplished mathematician, was Em-
braced by Michael and became the muse of architecture
following his successful completion of Hagia Sophia. In the
last century, Anthemios' genius has succumbed to Michael's
delusions. He now brings promising architects before Michael,
hoping to inspire them and restore Constantinople's beauty,
but the artists are only driven insane in Michael's presence.
Anthemios' actions have resulted in the construction of
lackluster and unoriginal churches.

J &

PAKOURIANIS THE DOVE

Muse of Paintings
5th generation, childe of Michael
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Fanatic
Embrace: A.D. 567
Apparent Age: early 20s

Michael followed the development of the talented painter
Pakourianis from the mortal's adolescence, and Embraced
him. Always subject to the patronage of his sire, Pakourianis
has recently felt Michael's guiding hand fall lax and has been
affected in turn. Pakourianis fears that Michael will leave him
to go to Heaven, so the muse is trying to°learn how to fly.

Pakourianis spends his nights studying birds, painting them
and making space for them in his chambers (his windows are
flung open and his haven becomes a nocturnal aerie for his
winged friends). He has one of Gregory the Wanderer's me-
chanical birds, but in studying it he broke it and now keeps it on
his worktable. Its gears and springs lie exposed while he tries to
fathom their magic. Pakourianis can be found in his haven on
any night, and weeps overall the beauty that seems to elude him.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


Sometimes, when Pakourianis' fears are too great to bear,
he purges them in a cathartic leap from the battlements of
Seraglio Point into the ocean below. His screams of frustration
over futile efforts to fly can be heard for some distance.

Pau BaTHALOS

Muse of Sculpture
5th generation, childe of Michael
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Penitent
Embrace: A.D. 750
Apparent Age: late 20s

Te was love at first sight for Michael. Paul, though not a
great sculptor in comparison to masters, was still sufficiently
proficient to warrant attention. It was not his skill, however,
that brought about his Embrace, but a longing in Michael that
harkened back to his past. He believed that Paul was an
incarnation of Ma-ri — his beloved ghoul from Ebla — based
on some startling but coincidental similarities in his general
build, effeminate manner and soft beauty.

Paul is not the reincarnation of Michael's ancient lover,
butis convinced that he is. Paul also believes that the patriarch
isan angel, and fears that their relationship may ruin Michael's
ascendance. To prevent the patriarch from becominga "fallen
angel," Paul has allowed Symeon to transform him into a
hideous monstrosity. Paul now sequesters himself in his cham-
bers, concentrates on his craft and occasionally visits Michael
when the Methuselah falls into torpor.

GALLASYN, THE First FALLEN
8th generation, childe of Enasius

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Rogue

Embrace: A.D. 324

Apparent Age: late 20s

An aspiring sculptor of great potential, Gallasyn was one
of the original Roman Toreador brought to Constantinople to
fulfill Michael's Dream. He was also the first to leave the city
when, in the sixth century, the patriarch's influence started to
dominate and stifle the creativity of the other Toreador. After
wandering Europe, Gallasyn realized his error in leaving
Constantinople and returned hoping to be readmitted into the
Michaelites. Feeling betrayed by Gallasyn, Michael refused
his request, but Khay'tall interceded and "adopted" the sculp-
tor as a member of the Children of Judas.

Miserable in exile from Michael, Gallasyn was the first of
the Toreador to fall to the influence of the Setites. Their vices
offered him mindless comfort and allowed him to retreat into
his own carnal nature.

The Children of Judas eventually left Gallasyn by the
wayside, having exhausted his potential for depravity. He then
became an advisor to the Narsene Lasombra when they first
arrived in the city. The Narsene now have little to do with
Gallasyn, even though he is still loosely associated with them.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

He partakes in Bishop Alfonzo's orgies and blood feasts, stalks
with mortal rape gangs in the slums, and spends a great deal of
time in the Silk Road's hashish den where he feeds on drug-
laced vitae.

TREMERE

The shock of the Usurpers' rise still reverberates through-
out Constantinople. The. déomed Clan Salubri is recognized
here for its learning, ‘anid/the followers of Tremere are mis-
trusted newcomers:

THERESA K-YMENA,
PRIESTESS OF DREAMS

Background: A skilled practitioner of ephemeral and mind
magic, Theresa~Kymena was-a respected member Of House
Tremere of the Order of Hermes when she. was called.to the
centtal covenant-of her House. Theresa hoped thather elders
hadsome'exciting new lore toshare with her. Shé got much more
than she bargaihed for. Transfixed by the powerful presence of
Tremere himself, she could ndtresistthe Embraceofthe German
magus Friedrich. Now that shéhad hecome a7vampire, her
refined magicwasdebased into the blood rituals of Thadmaturgy.
Despite the power of het Blood Oath to the Council, she knew
immortality was not worth sucka terrible price.

Sent back to her home in Thessalonika to establish a
Tremere chantry, Theresa experienced a revelatory dream of
Saulot's diablerie and realized that all of the Salubri would be
hunted. As Theresa fled eastward, guided by visions of the
Salubri Achmet the Dreamer, each step weakened her Blood
Oath and fueled her hope. Arriving in Constantinople, she
was astonished to be welcomed by the Tzimisce Gesu and
brought before the Salubri holy man in his fasting cage.


Inthe years after her clandestine arrival, Theresa has become
the leading member of Achmet's Dream Circle. She has learned
to release the sacred power of dreams into her dead flesh and is
building a new Thaumaturgic Path based around Achmet's en-
lightenment. Since the arrival of the Tremere envoy Abetorius,
Theresahasgoneinto hiding in the Gesudian monas
allies keep her informed of events in the city.

.Achmet's

Image: Theresa is tall and thin and wears sheer, dark robes
that blend with her waist-length black hair. Her pale skin is
adorned with a variety of occult symbols taken from her
visions and dreams — a practice learned from a fellow magus
during her mortal days. Her most striking feature is the blood-
red symbol of an eye on her forehead.

Roleplaying Hints: You spend much of your existence in
torpor, lost amid drams and visions, for only through these can
you recapture the dynamic and vital magic of your breathing
days, The Beast within you is strong, but the power of dreams
can sublimate it — you hope.

Haven: Theresa
tower in which Achmet slumbers in his cage.

sleeps in a small chamber below the

Secrets: Theresa knows several of the secrets of the
Obertus monastery, including the locations of secret passage-
ways and hidden texts.

Influence: Theresa—as the principal member of Achmet's
Dream Circle — has a strong influence over the growing
cultist underground. She has also acted as an informal advisor
toAnnaComnena in dealings with the newly arrived Tremere
Abetorius. In exchange she receives sanction to remain in
Constantinople.

Destiny: Theresa takes her explorations of dreams to new
heights. She uncovers novel ways of using dreams to recapture
the dynamism of life. All it costs is her soul; she must diablerize
her beloved Achmet to complete her experiments.

BRUBSKER.

Sire: Friedrich of Munich

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 8th

Embrace: A.D. 1139

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts (calligraphy) 4, Etiquette 2, Herbalism 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Academics 4, Linguistics 4, Medicine 3, Occult
5, Politics 3, Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Thaumaturgy 4
Thaumaturgic Paths: Rego Mortus 2, Rego Tempestas 2,
Rego Elementum 3

Backgrounds: Allies (Dreamers) 3, Contacts 4, Mentor
(Achmet) 5

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Road: Road of Humanity 6

Willpower: 7

OTHER TREMERE OF NoTE

ABeETorius, ENvoy OF CLAN TREME
5th generation, childe of Meerlinda
Nature: Rogue
Demeanor: Gallant
Embrace: A.D. 1103
Apparent Age: mid 30s

Among the most recent arrivals to Constantinople,
Abetorius bears the power and stigma of the Usurpers —
marked clearly on the forms of his three gargoyle guardians.
Sent by Tremere himself to establish a clan presence in the
East, Abetorius has been tentatively welcomed by the

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


Michaelite Toreador. Abetorius and the Lasombra Magnus
have entered into prolonged negotiations over the future of
the city and the creation of a chantry. Abetorius has also
gained an ally in Pakourianis the Dove, who is fascinated by
the flight of the Tremere's gargoyles. Beyond establishing a
chantry, Abetorius has been ordered to hunt down and elimi-
nate the rogue Theresa Kymena. In the process, Abetorius has
learned that a Salubri may be hidden in the city and now
focuses his attention on that prize instead.

TZIMISCE

The Tzimisce of Constantinople are a breed apart from
their clanmates in the Carpathians. Ain unspoken war has
been declared between the Obertus Tzimisce and the rest of
the clan over the Embrace of Gesu, and that war has wracked
Constantinople forséveral ¢enturies: The recent emergence
of the Tremere has caged. the'conflict, but when the time
comes the clanmatés will settle their-seores.

GeEsU, SAINT OF
THE DrVINITyY Within

Background: In ‘hopes of endingthe-long feud'between
his lovers, Michael presented Gest and his brother Symeon as
gifts to thetheads of the Ventrue and Tzimisce families, to be
Embraced upon the boys'21st birthdays. Both Antonius and
the Dracon, upon-gazing at the mortal siblingss‘were spell-
bound. Though separated by two full years,they appeared to
be nearly identical. Gesu. was only seven, Yet his ‘eyes and
countenanééeshoweéd.ablossomingintellect; while his brother's
childlike innocence could not hide the ambition abd pride
that exuded from him, From that night forth, inti the tragic
events thatfollowed Gesu's Embrace, the Ventre and'Tzitnisce
families knew peace: The-Dracon and Antonius relished the
company of their promised children, molding them to be
perfect emblems of their siting clans.

A few nights before the Dracon planned to Embrace Gesu,
asmall delegation of Old Country Tzimisce, including an envoy
from the Tzimisce Antediluvian itself, arrived and demanded to
speak with the Dracon. The envoy urged that Gesu not be sired,
for the clan's seers had predicted his Embrace to be a terrible
omen. The Dracon laughed at their petty superstitions and
accused them of spending too much time isolated in the moun-
tains. The delegation pleaded with him once more as it left, and
warned that should he proceed, a terrible curse would befall both
him and Gesu. The Dracon Embraced Gesu the following night,
in a ceremony attended by Antonius, Symeon and Michael
himself.

As the Dracon conducted the Embrace, dark clouds
gathered over Constantinople and the Tzimisce monastery.
As Gesu's life was drained away and the blood of the ancient
Tzimisce flowed through his veins, a terrible change gripped

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

the vampire-to-be. His skin became yellow and taut and his
bones contorted into impossible shapes. The envoy's words
echoed in the mind of the Dracon as Gesu slipped into torpor.

Gesu was quickly taken away and placed under constant
vigil; monks prayed and chanted for his recovery and icons
were placed all about him. Rage mounted within the Dracon;
that night he destroyed the chapel and, had it not been for
Michael's soothing words, would have set fire to the Library of
the Forgotten.

Determined to make his clan pay, he traveled to the Old
Country and demanded to know why his brethren had cursed his
childe. None would answer, but their silence was answer enough.
The Dracon searched for answers for the next few months, and
condemned a number of his clanmates to Final Death. In the
meantime, Gesu's frail body slowly withered.

While in torpor, Gesu was plagued by dreams of the
Nailed God. The visions grew in vividness and detail until he
found himself standing outside a dark chapel surrounded by a
wasteland. As Gesu opened the chapel's heavy doors, anarrow
beam of light shone into the small temple and illuminated a
crucifix ona pulpit. Walking toward the altar, Gesu passed 14
alcoves. Each contained a statue that was cloaked in darkness
and crumbled into dust as he proceeded — that is, all except
the last, which turned its back and vanished into the waste-
land. Arriving at the cross, Gesu kneeled and prayed to God
for his salvation and that of his kind. As he did so, the crucifix
began to bleed a dark vitae that flowed into a chalice. Picking
up the cup, Gesu felt a presence behind him and caught the
reflection of Archangel Michael in the dark blood as he
brought it to his lips. ,

Gesu opened his eyes to the real world for the first time in
months, the taste of blood still fresh in his mouth. He found
himself in a chapel in the imperial palace. Weak and feverish,
Gesu called out. To his surprise, Symeon answered. The
Dracon, sensing his promised son's impending rise from tor-
por, ordered the still-mortal Symeon to the chapel where the
two brothers could be one again, as they were meant to be. The
siblings hugged, and in the rapture of the moment Symeon
offered his arm to his brother so that Gesu might drink.
Indebted, Gesu drained and Embraced his brother so that they
would never be parted again.

When Antonius discovered that his promised had been
taken, his anger knew no bounds. He plotted the destruction
of the Tzimisce family, and the seeds of Iconoclasm were
planted. Symeon was cast out of the Ventrue family, but he did
not care; he was side by side with Gesu.

In the years before the Iconoclast wars, the Tzimisce
family grew and prospered under the rule of Gesuand Symeon.
Gesu turned the monastic order into its contemporary form,
centered on the worship of himself as a saint of Jesus Christ,
Unlocker of the Divinity Within and Savior of Caine. When
the Dracon returned, the brothers were caught up in the
Iconoclast war.


The long conflict with his own clan had taken its toll on
the Dracon. He spent the following century in the Library of
the Forgotten, rarely venturing out and brooding over the loss
of the Dream. Gesu guided the Obertus family to prosperity
until the events of the Immaculate Union.

ill bears the mark of his
childhood fevers. His form, though tall (measuring over seven
feet), is emaciated. His features are exceedingly beautiful,
giving Gesu an ephemeral and haunting appearance
long red habits that conceal the face of Lillian on his chest.

Image: In many ways Gesu

He wears

Roleplaying Hints: Divine peace s in all creatures.
Jesus Christ sacrificed himself for humanity, but mortals, bein;
weak and imperfect, did not listen. You shall make them hear.

Haven: The inner chapel of the Monastery St. John Studius.

Secrets: Gesu anda small number of Gesudians keep vigil
over the Salubri Achmet. The monastery of St. John is closed
to outsiders for fear of Tremere actions should they discover
Achmet.

Influence: Gesu's influence over the monastic orders
gives him considerable power over the city.

Destiny: In the coming years, the rift between Gesu and
his brother deepens and threatens to consume them both.
Whatever happens, the Obertus Tzimisce are eventually for-
gotten by time and history, to be preserved only in the legends
of the ghoul family that bears their name.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: The Dracon

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 5th

Embrace: A.D. 701

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 8
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 7, Intimidation 6,
Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Body Crafts (icons) 5, Crafts 3, Eti-
quette 3, Painting (icons) 6, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Academics 5, Hearth Wisdom 3, Linguistics 4,
Occult 3, Theology 5
Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 6, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 2,
Obtenebration 2, Presence 5, Vicissitude 6
Backgrounds: Allies (Gesudian family members in other
monasteries) 5, Herd 5, Resources 4, Status 6
Virtues: Conviction 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Road: Road of Heaven 9
Willpowe

Notes: Gesu and his followers travel along a different
path of the Road of Heaven, one that suits and exemplifies
their vampiric and monastic needs. Most Gesudians possess
the Virtue of Conviction instead of Conscience, giving them
the inner strength necessary to unlock the Within.

SYMEON, His BROTHER'S KEEPER

Background: Symeon was born to be the perfect ruler,
and Antonius knew it. Symeon had all the necessary charac-
teris trong will, ambition and determination. His one
weakness was his love for his brother. Although Symeon was
two years younger than Gesu, he acted as Gesu's protector and
unselfishly devoted his time to his brother. Michael saw this as
symbolic of the future: Tzimisce and Ventrue working to-
gether to maintain the Dream.

Antonius had a far different reaction to Symeon and
Gesu's relationship. The Methuselah scolded Symeon for his
attachment to his brother — after all, he admonished, rulers
should remain distant from their subjects. After Gesu's Em-

brace and subsequent sickness, Antonius was adamant that his
promised not spend time tending to his brother, and forced
Symeon to stay in the palace. Symeon grew resentful and
secretly stayed by Gesu's side. This eventually sealed his fate.
It was only after Symeon was Embraced that he truly
understood the magnificence of the Ventrue, but it was too
late, and his love for his brother had cost him his future glory.
Antonius' reaction devastated him; Symeon never expected
to be spurned and cast out, and his exile only heightened his
desire to be Ventrue. That all changed, however, when Caius
killed Antonius. Symeon saw that the Ventrue were blinded
by their ambitions. Symeon then decided to see the Tzimisce
prosper and devoted his energies to helping his brother.
Responsible for making the Byzantine Tzimisce powerful,
Symeon has even traveled to the Carpathians, alternately
feuding with and aiding his Balkan brethren. On one trip he
returned with his disciple Myca. With the coming of the
Comneni to power, a new bond has been forged between the
Ventrue and Tzimisce, but Symeon has changed his ways. He
has begun to emulate his Carpathian brethren. The gift of the

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


Christ Pantokrator Monastery, its insane asylum and hospital
to the Tzimisce has inspired him to conduct experiments on
the insane and sick, often at Myca's subtle urging.

In recent years, Symeon and Gesu's relationship has also
become strained, primarily by the tragic events that led up to
Gesu's Immaculate Union with the mortal Lillian. The Genoese
Lasombra Gabriella gave the child to Symeon as a gift for
sheltering the women during the Latin Riots. Symeon raised
the child as his own and fell in love with her as she entered
adulthood. Symeon presented her to Gesu with the intent of
Embracing her, but Gesu saw other potential in her. Lillian
allowed herself to be Embraced by Gesu after he told her of a
vision of the Archangel Gabriel announcing their union.
During the Immaculate Union, Lillian was Embraced and
bound into Gesu's torso, her soul joining his and forming, as
Gesu believed, the perfect union between man and woman.

Symeon was outraged. Gesu had taken everything from
him: his clan, his future glory and now his love.

With each passing night, as Symeon sees the face of
Lillian upon Gesu's chest, his love for his brother fades. In the
end that love may not be enough to stop Symeon from
destroying his sibling.

Image: Gesu and Symeon differ the most in appearance.
Gesu is fragile while his brother is strong and well built.
Symeon's Augustian features mark him as a natural leader and
his use of Vicissitude (not being bound by Gesudian precepts)
only intensifies this air.

Roleplaying Hints: You see yourself as weak and forever
indebted to your brother, though you have never told anyone
of those feelings. Yet you also feel that your Embrace by Gesu
hasdenied youofsomething. You try to dismiss these thoughts,
but the loss of Lillian tears at your heart. It seems, though you

hate to think about it, that Gesu takes everything that is yours.

Haven: Christ Pantokrator Monastery

Secrets: During the Latin Riots, Symeon hada number of
Latin Cainites captured and brought to his monastery where
he has been experimenting on them.

Destiny: Symeon survives the coming crusade and jour-
neys to the Carpathians with his childe Myca. There, free from
the Blood Oaths that hamper others of his clan, Myca strives
to build his own Dream. Symeon falls alongside the other
Tzimisce elders in the great uprising of progeny; Myca con-
sumes his blood, and the Sabbat is born. All the while, the
Dracon smiles from the shadows.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Gesu

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 6th

Embrace: A.D. 703

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Intimida-
tion 5, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Body Crafts 4, Etiquette 3, Melee 5, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 4, Investigation 4, Law 5, Linguistics 4,
Medicine 4, Occult 4, Politics 4, Science 3, Seneschal 4
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 4, Dominate 6, Fortitude 3,
Obfuscate 2, Presence 5, Vicissitude 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Resources 4, Retainers 3,
Status 6

Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Road: Road of Heaven 5

Willpower: 8

OTHER TZIMISCE OF NOTE
KEEPER OF THE FAITH

5th generation, sire unknown but suspected to be the Dracon
Nature: Unknown

Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: Unknown

The figure, dressed in thick black robes, that is seen roaming
the Library of the Forgotten is the Tzimisce monk responsible for
i ep. Nothingis known ofherhistory except thatsheseems

always been associated with the library. Her responsibili-
ties include filing and overseeing the transcription of works, and
her knowledge of books is boundless. Without her, locating any
tome would be a monumental task.

Assisting her in her duties are two childer, known only as
the Watchers. Taken from Gesudian families, these Cainites
were infirm children who could only be saved by the Embrace.
Hidden behind leather cloaks, the two roam the library perform-
ing duties that only the Keeper knows about.


Unbeknownst to all, the Keeper knows of the Dracon's
location and keeps him informed of events in
Constantinople. She also has his permission to aid the
Baron in moving the contents of the library to secret
locations in eastern Europe. The Keeper is uncertain whether
the Dracon will let Constantinople fall or, out of loyalty and
love for Michael, return when all seems lost.

Myca Vyxos

7th generation, childe of Symeon
Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Architect

Embrace: A.D. 1002

Apparent Age: mid 20s

prodigy who was Embraced by. Symeon during
a raid on the Carpathian branch of the clan. Myca therefore
displays a temperament more suited to his Balkan cousins. He
practices Vicissitude beyond the bounds of Gesudian precepts,
conducts dealings with Setites, and has secretly turned several
Obertus ghouls to his service.

Vykos often works with the Keeper of the Faith and is
genuinely interested in scholarship — insofar as it benefits
him. He isa member of the Dream Circle, but only uses the cult
to acquire magical knowledge.

An avid historian and researcher, Vykos has become
fascinated with gaining power through the manipulation of
blood. To this end, he courts the favor of Theresa, seeking to
learn the secrets of Thaumaturgy. He is also involved in a
clandestine correspondence with two Carpathian Fiends, Velya
and Lugoj, who share his scholarly interests.

VENTRUE

The Ventrue of Constantinople have pulled the strings of
imperial puppets for centuries andre the strength and weak-
ness of the empire/In;contemporary-times, when the city
teeterson the brink of destruction, intrigue shatters the Dream
that, the clan\supposedly. defends:

Caius; EMPEROR
OF THE NIGHT

Background: Caius, who wasa lieutenant to Constantine
the Great, backed his leader's bid to become emperorof Rome.
A man-of faith and profoundly dark thoods, Constantine
turned to Caius.in times of hatred and predatory.ragé?Assum-
ingthe responsibility for his mentor's murderous mbods, Caius
carried out the dark and bloody orders'that paved'the way for
the would-be-emperor's rise? He even carried out the execu-
tion of Constantine's own firstbori-wheir the boy became a
threat.

The Triumvirate was fascinated by the glorious spiritual-
ity and bloody acts of Constantine, but its members could not
bring themselves to affect him directly. The predatory effi-
ciency and loyalty of Caius, however, was familiar territory for
Antonius, and the Ventrue helped the Roman carry out his
ecure and
his enemies destroyed, Antonius took Caius as his own. Little
did the Methuselah know that he Embraced the instrument of
his own destruction.

gruesome orders. Once Constantine's position w

Caius was content to learn at Antonius' side fora time, but
soon after the death of Constantine felt a longing for his old
position as imperial confidant. Caius was fascinated by Michael
and who saw the patriarch as the immortal epitome of
Constantine's holy wisdom. Caius continued to serve Antonius
for centuries, all the while hoping to replace him at Michael's
side. He confided his love for Michael only to the Cappadocian
Alexia Theusa, who understood such longing.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


The disorder created by the Iconocle s provided
Caius with the opportunity to act. Antonius was determined
to destroy the Dracon's power even if it meant the end of the
Dream, and Caius was able to gather support for eliminating
his sire. Septima Dominica, Antonius' estranged childe, was
the first to join Caius, and they soon gathered ort.er conspira-
tors. During the fateful Fourth Council ot A.D. 796, the
"traitors" presented their plan to the Dracon and Michael.
After three nights of deliberation, the patriarch agreed to the
murder of his former lover. Two nights later, Caius staked his
sire during a council meeting and left him for the dawn. Caius
assumed the throne of Ventrue basileus and hoped to take
Antonius' place in Michael's bed. He was disappointed. Con-
sumed by guilt over his decision, Michael withdrew from
Cainite society and began his fall into madness. Any affection
felt for Caius was overcome by the horror of their mutual
crime.

Caius never recovered from this blow. For the first century
of his rule, he benefited from the advice of Septima, who
provided the guidance he needed to remain an effective leader.
Even that support was taken from him, though, when she was
killed by witch-hunters in 1001. Caius has since carried out his

duties and maintained his power by playing ri ainst each

other, all the while yearning for the favor of the patriarch.
The Latin Riots of 1185 took Caius off-guard. His distrac-
tion resulted in the humiliation of issuing a formal apology to

the Latins and granting them extensive rights at the Eighth
Council.

Image: Caius' long and sharply defined face almost hides
the weight of years that bears down on his soul. However, his
dark eyes speak volumes of the blood he has spilled and the
love he has lost. His purple robes give the basileus a regal
appearance, which is emphasized by his tall frame.

Roleplaying Hints: You go through the motions of lead-
ership. Stripped of your advisor Septima and rejected by the
one you love, you cannot even find solace in past glory.

Haven: Caius sleeps in the Sacred Palace of the Great
Palace complex, and holds court on a golden throne. His
public receiving rooms are ornate and regal, but his private
rooms are bare save for a few icons of Michael.

Secrets: Caius' sorrow gives him clear insight into
Michael's madness. He has come to understand the nature of
the patriarch's delusions. Unfortunately, this serves only to
drive Caius deeper into depression.

Influence: Officially, Caius rules the Antonian Ventrue
with absolute power, but his influence is rapidly shrinking. He
plays the powerful Anna Comnena and Nicepherus against
each other to preserve his place, but cannot hold it for much
longer.

Destiny: Caius does not survive the coming storm. As the
city burns he seeks out Michael for a final and terrible union.
Whether he succeeds is a mystery.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Antonius the Gaul

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 5th

Embrace: A.D. 325

Apparent Age: mid 60s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 1, Intimida-
tion 4, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 6

Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 5, Ride 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 3, Law 4, Linguistics 3, Politics
5, Seneschal 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 6, Fortitude 4,
Obfuscate 1, Potence 5, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies (Alexia Theusa) 3, Contacts 5, Herd 5,
Influence 5, Retainers 5, Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Road: Road of Humanity 4

Willpower: 7

ANNA CoMNENA,
QUBESITOR AND
CHAMBERLAIN

Background: Anna Comnena was born torule— or soshe
thought. The eldest child of Emperor Alexius 1 Comnenus, she
was betrothed to an imperial candidate at an early age and
prepared for life as empress of New Rome. An avid student and
brilliant thinker, she absorbed political, theological, scientific


and philosophical teachings with a passion that stunned her
tutors and made her parents proud. When her young brother
John became heir apparent, however, her lifelong dreams were
shattered. She fell into a bitter hatred for her fraternal rival and
tried to have him killed. Her plots, however, were repeatedly
thwarted, and John was eventually forced to exile her to a
convent for the rest of her days. There she wrote her famous
Alexiad, an account of her father's reign.

Anna's will and intelligence brought her to the attention of
Ducas, the Ventrue guardian of the imperial family. He recog-
nized in her the drive that could save the crumbling empire, but
also the hatred and jealousy that could destroy it. When Anna
was exiled, Ducas arranged to watch over her while she toiled at
her chronicle, and he subtly guided her to understand her
brother. When she laid down her pen after completing the
Alexiad —her hatreds vented and purged —she prepared to die,
hoping to make peace with her deceased brother in the hereafter.
That was when Ducas took her.

Asavampire, Annahas found herdrive reborn ina pure form.
Bringing her knowledge and skill to the efforts of the Comneni's
mentor Belisarius, she has risen to become both Quaesitor and
chamberlain, overseeing her clanmates and opposing the old
Caesar Magister Nicepherus. In the process she has gained a
respect for the Quaesitors Symeon and Petronius. As Belisarius'
plans falter, however, and Nicepherus regains favor, Anna finds it
increasingly difficult to ignore the call of blood and glory.

Image: At Anna's request, Symeon has reformed her into
a woman of inhuman and predatory beauty. She wears elabo-
rate clothing that marks her station.

Roleplaying Hints: This is the world you belong to. You
finally wield great power, and you know what is best for the
empire. Those around you drown themselves in intrigue; you

are more than willing to push them deeper.

Haven: Anna maintains lavish quarters in the Great
Palace haven of the Antonian Ventrue. Her apartments are
adorned with mementos of her father's reign.

Secrets: Anna makes it a point to gather as many secrets
as she can. She has learned that it was her sire Ducas who had
the Ventrue Septima Dominica destroyed, and that Basil of
Thessalonika occasionally meets with strangers in the man-
sions of Arcadius.

Influence: Anna's twin positions as Quaesitor and cham-
berlain ofthe Antonian Ventrue give her great official influence
in Constantinople. She is perceived as Nicepherus' only
competitor for true leadership of the family.

Destiny: Anna never leaves her city. Some say she died
on the battlements fighting a losing battle against the Otto-
mans, others that she became a Turk and still lives in her
chosen home.

Clan: Ventrue

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 7th

Embrace: A.D. 1153

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 6

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 5, Subter-
fuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 5, Music 2, Ride 2, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Academics 5, Hearth Wisdom 2, Law 4, Linguis-
tics 3, Politics 5, Science 3, Seneschal 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 5, Fortitude 2, Presence 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Herd 5, Resources 4, Retainers 5,
Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Road: Road of Humanity 7

Willpower: 7

BELISARIUS,
Miuitary PREFECT

Background: The greatest general the empire had ever
seen, Belisarius was directly responsible for the military victo-
ries of Justinian's rule — retaking North Africa and much of
Italy, repelling Persian attack and suppressing the popular
Nika revolt. Despite all this, Justinian never trusted Belisarius
and played Chamberlain Narses as a foil to the general.
Antonius recognized Belisarius' loyalty, though, and Em-
braced him.

Belisarius was close to his sire, but because he had little
taste for the petty struggles with the Dracon, he soon requested
to gain the prefecture of North Africa and left for Carthage.
When Arabs captured the region in the seventh century,
Belisarius did not return to Constantinople and was thought

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


destroyed. Freed of his obligations, he wandered the Mediter-
ranean and became the companion of the North African
Assamite Shabah.

When the Battle of Manzikert meant the empire's loss of
Anatolia, Belisarius could no longer stay away from
Constantinople. During the Sixth Council he petitioned for
the destruction of Lyseros and Isaac the Hermit, the military
and eastern prefects whose corruption and weakness were
responsible for the defeat. Buoyed by his victory in council,
Belisarius used his influence to assist in the rise of ambitious
general Alexius Comnenus to the throne. He was very close to
both Alexius and his successor John Il, but with John's
assassination by Assamites and the concessions made to the
Latins under John's son Manuel, Belisarius' influence in
Constantinople decreased in favor of Nicepherus'.

In contemporary times, Belisarius is pleased by the assign-
ment of his old love Shabah as Assamite representative to
Constantinople. They have rekindled their old relationship,
although Belisarius greatly resents the murder of John by Shabah's
clan. Little does he know that Shabah herself was the assassin.

Image: Belisarius was Embraced late in life. He has a
weathered face and deep brown eyes. His head is topped with
a few gray hairs. His frame is impressive and he stands with
regal dignity.

Roleplaying Hints: You have returned to the position
that defined your mortal life. The burden is heavy and you long
for your carefree traveling days, but who else could take your
place? Your only real pleasure comes from the time you find
with Shabah.

Haven: Belisarius maintains quarters in the Old Palace
complex. They are Spartan, but his sleeping quarters are deco-
rated with many mementos from his travels. He is attended by a
cadre of ghoul soldiers known as the Varangian Guard.

BRUBAKER

Secrets: Belisarius is aware of the principal rivalries of the
Antonian Ventrue, but relies on his childe Helena for details
about them. He also knows of the growing alliance between
the Brujah, Gangrel and Nosferatu of the city and gives it what
support he can, hoping it can counter the splintering of the
Trinity.

Influence: Belisarius' successes under the Comneni gave
him powerful influence until the death of John II. The de-
bacles since that time have stripped him of most of his political
clout.

Destiny: Belisarius cannot abandon Byzantium to its
fate, but may be able to leave once it is razed. He may become
one of the Inconnu, if they can conceal their role in
Constantinople's destruction.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Antonius

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 5th

Embrace: A.D. 566

Apparent Age: mid 60s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 5, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 4, Crafts (weapons) 4, Me!

6, Ride 5, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Academics 1, Hearth Wisdom 3, Investigation
2, Linguistics 4, Politics 3, Seneschal 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Dominate 4, Fortitude 7,
Potence 7, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Retainers 3, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Road: Road of Chivalry 7

Willpower: 8

OTHER VENTRUE OF NOTE

NicepHERus, CHESAR MAGISTER
6th generation, childe of Septima Dominica
Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: A.D. 604

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Nicepherus, eldest childe of Septima Dominica, who was in
turn eldest childe of Antonius, believes that a position of
leadership is his right. Septima Dominica supported Caius'
usurpation of Antonius, but was destroyed in 1001 by a cadre of
witch-hunters. Nicepherus spent much of the Macedonian era
trying without success to uncover the identities of his sire's
mortal murderers, sometimes with theassistance ofthe Malkavian
Gregorius. Little did he know that the Malkavian was condition-
ing him to become a tool of the Inconnu. In the L1th century,


under the influence of Gregorius' Dementation, Nicepherus
came to the "realization" that Caius must have ordered Septima's
destruction out of jealousy.

Boiling with hatred, Nicepherus — by this time caesar
magister — decided to turn the tables on Caius and joined the
Inconnu. He was initiated into the old Roman ways and asked
to perform several tasks. One was to issue the order to Domes-
tic Prefect Epirus to encourage the Latin Riots. Nicepherus
witnessed the destruction that his act caused, and took gr
pleasure in watching Caius plead with the Venetian Narses to
prevent a war.

IRENE STELLAS, DOMESTIC PREFECT
8th generation, childe of Anna Comnena

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: A.D. 1169

Apparent Age: mid 20s

A recent addition to the Antonian hierarchy, Irene
Stellas has the undesirable job of replacing Epirus, the domes-
tic prefect who helped elicit the slaughter of Constantinople's
Latin population in 1185. Epirus and his Brujah ally Tribonus
paid with Final Death for the infraction, and Anna Comnena
placed her childe Irene in Epirus' place. Irene has gained the
trust of the Brujah Natalya. Together they search for the
Cainite who made their predecessors scapegoats for the Latin
slaughter.

Irene, a member of the Dream Circle, received a revela-
tory vision after drinking the blood of Caius. She saw the
basileus running through burning streets. He entered a gilded
enclosure where Michael the Patriarch rested. Caius seemed
desperate to find the Methuselah, but instead found the

patriarch's form turning to ash before a black-skinned girl who

brandished a gleaming sword. Irene is unsure of the vision's

meaning, but is determined to learn the secrets of Caius and
Michael's relationship.

Ducas, PALACE PREFECT
6th generation, childe of Septima Dominica
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Judge
Embrace: A.D. 836
Apparent Age: early 50s

Ducas was Embraced at the height of the second bout of
Iconoclasm and witnessed Caius' struggles with the Tzimisce
and their mortal worshipers. Discovering the anti-Iconoclast
writings of his destroyed grandsire Antonius, Ducas came to
believe that Cainites should exist secretly, apart from mortals.
In his eyes the worst offender of this ideal was not a Tzimisce,
but his own sire Septima Dominica, who held an open blood
court where she fed on virile young men.

Ducas realized what had to be done. Using his skill at
manipulating the kine, he recruited a small circle of witch-
hunters. In 1001 he let them into Septima's haven, where they

ambushed the Ventrue. Staking her, they proceeded to burn
her palace and body. Ducas eliminated the witch-hunters soon
thereafter to erase all traces of his involvement.

In the centuries since, Ducas has risen in the ranks of the
Antonian Ventrue. He has always sought to expand his
Iconoclastic views, undermine the Obertus position and
strengthen the empire. He Embraced Anna Comnena, hoping
to make her an Iconoclast as well, and thought she was
dedicated enough to learn the truth of Septima's death. Since
then, however, Ducas has grown concerned by the bond that
has formed between Anna and Symeon.

HELENA THE ARMENIAN.
EASTERN PRHETORIAN PRE
6th generation, childe of Belisarius
Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: A.D. 1081

Apparent Age: late 30s

Embraced shortly after Belisarius' return to
Constantinople, Helena rose to her position as foreign prefect
when Alexius and John Comnenus reconquered the territo-
ries lostafter Manzikert. She understands the waysand strengths
of the Turkish Gangrel and has done her best to establish
peaceful relations with them, gaining friends among the
Baron's Gangrel. She feels confident that threats from the East
can be dealt with as long as the West remains secure. As far as
sheisconcerned, the presence of Latin powerin Constantinople
is the greatest threat facing the empire.

The arrival of Shabah has given Helena.a weapon against
the Latins in Constantinople. Helena witnessed the assassina-
tion of John II and knows the Assamite is responsible. She has
chosen not to tell Belisarius, but has blackmailed the Saracen,


demanding service in exchange for silence. Helena has or-
dered Shabah to eliminate the Latin Lasombra leaders, starting
with Gabriella of Genoa.

Basil. OF THESSALONIKA,
WESTERN PRAETORIAN PREFECT
8th generation, childe of Theodora

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Celebrant

Embrace: A.D. 1021

Apparent Age: late 40s

Widely known for his Cainite decadence, Basil held a
lavish blood court in Thessalonika. Indeed, he did his best to
lose himself in pleasure, at least until his city was sacked in
1184. During the assault, Basil remained secure in the con-
cealed passages of his palace, watching while his court and
subjects were decimated. He only emerged when the attackers
moved on, foolishly believing himself out of danger.

It was then that the Chosen of Calomena came to the
carcass of the city. Basil was found wandering through the
ruins, overwhelmed by the loss of the pleasures that gave his
life meaning. The Chosen's compelling leader Stanislav came
to him and began to mend his psyche. Under the Caitiffs
tutelage, Basil learned of the putrid truth of Cainite nature and
of the retribution that would be Calomena's.

Prompted by his new master, Basil claimed his right to
oversee the western part of the empire and took up residence at
the Ventrue court in 1187. Since then he hasacted as Stanislav's

eyesand ears in the halls of power, reporting on those who might
be turned to the cause or destroyed. Basil brought the Brujah
Theophilus and Dorotheus to Stanislav's attention.

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

Basil's demented faith has turned his corrupt heart from
hedonism to masochism. He finds the blessing of Calomena in
the scorching agony of torture. He spends many a night
howling in ecstasy as mortals drive red-hot spikes into his flesh
and flay him with barbed reeds. Basil wears flowing robes of
station that conceal the painful hooks and nails that he wears
in his flesh.

OTHERS

FACHMET THE DREAMER,
SALUBRI PROPHET

7th generation, childe of Orpheus
Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: A.D. 813

Apparent Age: early 40s

Achmet is one of the remaining few of the enlightened
Salubri clan, the founder of which was diablerized by Tremere.
Achmethasspenthis existence searching for fabled Golconda,
and has come to espouse a philosophy which states that
Cainites may recapture the vitality of true life through dreams.
He believes that visions had during slumber and torpor are
clues to the attainment of a higher existence, and has dedi-
cated his unlife to exploring these revelations.

Achmet's views have attracted a small group of followers,
including Theresa Kymena, the Ventrue Irene Stellas and the
Ravnos Gregory. Achmet learned of the power of the blood-
fast from the Tzimisce Gesu, and continues his search for
Golconda from one of the Tzimisce fasting cages. Achmet has


dreamt that heand Theresa shall repeat the tragedy of Tremere
and Saulot, but that from his destruction will come the seeds
of rebellion and rebirth.

ZOE THE PRODIGY

Awakened student of Gregory the Wonder Maker
Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Child

Age: 14

Gregory discovered his most promising student as
Constantinople crumbled around him. Zoe was a simple street
urchin when the Ravnos found her in his workshop in 1193.
She was coaxing the birds he had forged to perform complex
aerial maneuvers. Gregory instantly became the girl's guard-
ian. In the years since, Zoe's skill with constructs has improved
by leaps and bounds. She has developed a preference for feline
creations, and several mechanical lions and panthers stalk
Magnaura thanks to her efforts.

Zoe's amazing progress has given Gregory renewed hope
for his own future and has led him to pursue the path of
Achmet the Dreamer with increased fervor. He is unaware
thatwhen he visits the Salubri mystic, his mortal student seeks
out a new mentor. Traveling in the company of her most

beautiful creations, Zoe travels to the House of Lamps to learn
secrets from Layla Madeer.

BRUBAKER

CHAPTER FIVE: THE DAMNED


Z a
‘ " ae" it Sf
em e Receii~ :
7 = a 2
sa Sa wy ee —

— ma SS—<35
ae Sai KF  T 2
os =~


Constantinople by Viight offers many op-
portunities for storytelling The madness that
ceigns before the citys fall is rich with potential
vohen the Gainites of Views Kome realize that
the endis nigh, they vwodlcome anyone capable of
making a difference. VOhile the preceding pages
have hopefully spatked manny story ideas, more
ave providedhere tohelp Storytellers get started,
allovoing you fo immerse the characters into
the intricate tapestey that is Constantinople.

The following story concepts ave divided
« different function The Son introduces subtle
plots fo nevwo characters and to those who
originate outside Constantinople. Che Sather
deals with the intrigue that develops as the
Soucth Geusade approaches. The Dooly Ghost deals
with stoties of mystery and the bizarre.


THE PRICE OF KNOWLEDGE

The characters (preferably including a Tzimisce, Torea-
dor, Nos

atu, Cappadocian or Brujah with ascholarly nature)
come across a small wooden crate that contains a number of
rare and ancient books — including occult texts. The find
rapidly elevates both their knowledge and prestige as they
become privy to secrets thought forgotten. The characters can
trace the box and its books back to a small monastery in the
East, and then to Constantinople.

The coterie leaves the familiar West for the strange East. In
Constantinople, the characters' search for knowledge deepensas
they are dragged into the city's plots. The crate wa
Baron to one of his childer in Europe — part of his mi

nt by the

sion to
safeguard the Tzimisce library. Along the way, bandits attacked
the trade caravan that was transporting the texts. The bandits
left the crate behind, afraid of the books within. That's when the
characters stepped in.

The characters attract the attention of the Obertus
Tzimisce, who want to know how their books were found
outside the city, and demand their return. The Baron does his
best to keep his involvement a secret, even to the point of

CONSTANTINOPLE BY NIGHT

silencing the characters if an agreement cannot be reached
with them. ar as all interested parties are concerned, the
value of the Library of the Forgotten far outweighs the lives of
the characters.

Mipnicut TEARS

In the pale light of a crescent moon, a character on her
nightly hunt is attracted by the tranquillity of acemetery. She
steals herself a quiet moment amid the graves. After a few
minutes, the character hears a soft murmur that originates
from one of the many tombs. The character enters an old
section of the cemetery and spots a cloaked woman standing
by a tomb's entrance. Dark tears stain her face.

The woman is none other than Alexia Theusa, and a pall of
sorrow hangs over her. She knows of the character's presence and
invites him to discuss matters of death and love. During the
conversation, Alexia remains hidden, moving from one shadow
to the next, undoubtedly unnerving the character. When the
conversation concludes, Alexia abruptly vanishes.

Ifthe character is male, Alexia may courthimas her latest
lover. The character finds himself dealing with a devastated
and exceedingly powerful Cainite. If the character is female
and shares Lady Alexia's interest in death, the Cappadocian
asks to meet again and the two may become allies.


VANISHED SILENCE

A character's sire vanishes, leaving no clues as to where she
has gone or why. As the characters investigate, anumber of strange
Cainites become interested in the search and lend a helping hand.

These Cainites keep their distance, but if the characters lose
interest in the quest, the strangers drop subtle clues and reveal
tidbits of information. The trail eventually leadsto Constantinople.

Unknown to the primary character, his sire was a member
of the Inconnu, one who disapproved of the sect's vendetta
against Constantinople. The mysterious Cainites — Roman
Inconnu — hope that the characters will find the rogue
member so that she can be dealt with. The rebel Inconnu is
being protected by the St. Ladre Nosferatu. The characters are
faced with the daunting task of learning this before the
Carrion or other factions within Constantinople get involved.
The Inconnu instruct Nicepherus and Bishop Alfonzo to aid
the characters in their quest. This help labels the vampires as
Latin sympathizers and makes their quest more difficult; the
Ventrue Helena attempts to deal with Alfonzo's new tools.

THE FATHER

Or DarKNESS WITHIN

Tensions in the Tzimisce family cast a dark shadow over
Constantinople. Though Symeon's anger for his brother fes-

ters, their inherent bond keeps him from taking action against
the Tzimisce saint. Myca Vykos sees his sire's greatness once
more usurped by Gesu, and knows that only by undoing the
bond between the brothers can Symeon prosper. Myca there-
fore plans to destroy Gesu, but needs pawns to carry out the
dirty deed. He uses his influence over his family and the city
to manipulate the characters into doing his bidding. The
tepercussions of destroying Gesuare staggering. The Gesudians
revolt and target all whom they feel are responsible.

Yet, Myca's plans might be averted before they reach frui-
tion. Michael, through visions and delusional riddles, warns the
characters of the magnitude of what they plan. The question is,
can they decipher his enigmatic signs before it is too late?

EMBERS OF THE DIVINE

Michael's delusions manifest through his use of Chimerstry
and the characters are the first to see them. Angels are seen to
dart behind churches, leaving white feathers in their wake.
Bushes burn with holy fire and preach to those who listen.
Unknown to all, the patriarch has entered deep torpor and the
Toreador family is in chaos. Pakouria ful that Michael is
teady to leave forever, roams Hagia Sophia and chases shadows
that he believes to be angels. Meanwhile, Petronius struggles to
cover up the family's troubles. If the characters warn Petronius
that Michael's delusions are physically affecting the city, he tries
to quiet the troubled patriarch, but without success. The charac-
ters then discover that Gregorius is missing.


wanes"

ant

Although Gregorius is partly responsible for Michael's
madness, his presence in the city actually kept the patriarch's
delusions under control. Now, without the Malkavian to direct
Michael's mind, the Methuselah's insanity manifests overtly. To
save the patriarch the characters must find Gregorius, who is
being held by Stanislav. The sect leader plans to sacrifice
Gregorius to Calomena.

GuHosTLy ALLIES

The characters begin to vanish one by one. As the coterie
shrinks, the remaining characters become increasingly ner-
vous. An investigation reveals only vague reports ofashrouded
figure seen where each character disappeared. As the survivors
continue their search, they vanish until one remains. When
his guard is raised and he is most alert, the remaining character
is still taken completely by surprise by the Assamite Shabah,
who poisons him with her vitae.

All the characters awaken in Shabah's haven. The
Assamite explains that she has kidnapped them to protect
them from an enemy among the Antonian Ventrue. This is a
lie, of course. She actually plans to use the characters as tools
against Helena the Armenian. Shabah hopes that the charac-
ters can give her leverage over Helenaso thatshe and Belisarius
can be together again.

While in the Assamite's haven, one of the characters
catches a glimpse of another Cainite in an adjoining room.
Once released, the characters could make discreet inquiries
about the other vampire, and discover that she is Gabriella, a
Lasombra bishop who has been missing for some time now.
Armed with this information, the coterie (possibly prompted
by Helena) could turn the tables on Shabah — an option
which could lead to a full-blown war when Belisarius steps in
to protect his love.

THE Hory Guost

CELESTIAL DREAMS

A character who follows or is interested in the ways of
Achmet the Dreamer is invited to partake in a dream-journey
with Theresa Kymena and the Dreamer himself. After fasting
at the Obertus monastery, the character embarks on her
journey and is exposed to the hidden souls of many of the local
Cainites. The journey continues until the character realizes
that the whole dreamscape is supported by-the dream of one
entity: Michael the Patriarch. With this realization comes an
irresistible pull into his delusion.

The character experiences the Methuselah's madness for
what seems an eternity. She walks through the halls of Heaven
and sits by the side of Archangel Michael as he serves his
Father and builds a testament to Him on earth. When this
dream seems to border on reality, Achmet "saves" the charac-
ter from being lost forever and wakes her up.


The character now has powerful insight into the spirit of
Michael and the shaping of Constantinople. Can she use it to
help reverse the collapse of the city? More importantly, can she
maintain her own sanity? She now has to actively remind herself
that Michael is not an archangel, that Constantinople is not
Heaven and that she is not a servant of the Host.

Mokxius

On a trek through Exokionion, the coterie comes across a
terrified man who is running blindly. After he is stopped and
questioned, he tells the characters that he and a friend were
walking near the Cistern of Mokius when a black shadow grabbed
his friend and dragged him in. Upon arriving at Mokius, the
characters discover blood, sewer water and torn chunks of flesh on
the cistern floor. The trail leads to a small hole in a wall; beyond
rests Constantinople's aqueduct network. As they venture into the
darkness, the characters realize that they're the uninvited guests of
the Nosferatu who make the cisterns their home. If the characters
have previously proven themselves to be allies of the city, the
Nosferatu might bring them into the fold. Otherwise, the charac-
ters are in fora terrorizing night as the Lepers have fun with them
in the aqueducts' winding corridors.

Sup OF THE DAMNED

One evening, the characters walk by one of the city's ports
along the Golden Horn when they see a small Nosferatu boy, one
of The Three, gazing at the sea. As they approach, he points to the
dark waters and proclaims, "Look there... it comes tonight." The
characters see a dilapidated vessel approach the port. Its sails are
tattered and the silhouettes of strange figures move on its deck.
When the characters turn to the boy again, he is gone. Making their
way to the port, the characters arrive in time toseeanumberof men,
under the control of the Tremere Abetorius, close the dock and set
fire to the vessel. As this happens, the characters sense a presence
onboard that begs them for help.

If the characters dare venture aboard the burning vessel,
they discover the body of a staked Cainite who bears the
distinguishing mark of Saulot. The vampires have very little
time to act; the smell of smoke fills the air and the agents of
Abetorius shout at them from land. Removing the stake only
plunges the Cainite into torpor, making it difficult for the
characters to rescue him. If the characters do rescue the
mysterious vampire, they invoke the wrath of Abetorius, who
is using the ship to lure the renegade Theresa and Achmet the
Dreamer into his clutches. The staked Cainite is none other
than Achmet's sire, Orpheus.


BOSPORUS

asic inople
1oht ™
So
‘A Waus oF Tuzopostus II
B Watts or Constantine
C Waus of Byzawriua
D Exoxioton
E' Miurrasy Tearano Firxos
F Inpusrarat Quaxren
G Gurar Bazaar
H Srractio Port, Musrrany Disraicr
T Hasson or Hespowon
Hansor oF Bucottox
Haznoz or Sopata
L Harsor or Kowroscatton
M Hansox or Herrascatow
N Hansor or Tuzoposius
O Hannox or Nroxiox
P Axcapius Disraicr
Q Srearzcton

1 S$. Jou rue Evanozisr

2 Jucenpiax Patact

3 Eonartan Way

4 Tar Mest

5 Gowen Gare

6 Cu. or Cunist Paroxsaton

7 Foxuu or Avoustaion,
Senare Basttica, Mito

8 Foruu or Tuzovostus

9 Cu. oF S. Joun Sruptus

10 Gate or Porvanpnion

TH Aguepver or Vatens

12. Ca*or-7ue Hoty Avosruzs

19 Foruu or Ancaptus

14 Gare or samara

15 Cisreny or Moxus

16 Crstenw oF Aspa

17 Fosux or Bous

18 Cu. oF S. Joun 1x Trutzo

19 Crrapet oF Pernion

20 Pera Porta Henearca

21 Foxuu or Consranmine

22 House or Lawes

93 Cu. or Haota Soruia

4 Gaara Town

95 Hropzoue

26 Cru. or Axcnanont, Mrcnast

27 Bracuennar Patace

28 Cu. or S. $.Szxotvs anp Baccus

29 Guear Paxace

30 Pora Verenis Recroxis

31 Paacr oF Buconzon

32 Sreaotio Liorruouse

33 Cu. o S. Savion

34 Cu, or Inne

35 Acrorouis


: ;
y

The greatest city of the medieval world, domed Constantinople
is a lodestone for the vampires of the Dark Ages. Immerse yourself
‘ in intrigues ancient and contemporary as you traverse the labyrinthine

streets and torchlit bazaars of Byzantium's wondrous capital. But
beware: yours is not the only hunger in the East that demands to be

cs

v

sated.

CONSTANTINOPLE By NIGHT includes:
© Guidelines for immersing characters in Constantinople's
intrigues, and;

© Connections between Dark Ages characters and their modern
counterparts.
¢ This is the first setting book for Vampire: The Dark Ages.
