# File: Croatan Song.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Historical Sourcebook for Werewolf: The Apocalypse




This tale comes from the bright beginnings of the
world, when Gaia's beauty still shone unchanged by the
ravages of the Wyrm and the constructions of the Weave
In those earliest times, Gaia exulted in the exubetance of
Herchildrenas they explored Her riversand valleys, climbed
Hor mountains and wandered through Her deserts Her
newest children, the humans, had nos yet fully fallen to che
seductionsof the Weaver or the deceitflness ofthe Wyrm
(Oh, now and again, some ofthe furles ones would slay each
other in petty squabbles that they called wars or would
succumb to spurts of building, erecting stone citeles, enor
mous mounds and elaborate stepped constructions. For the
riost part, however, latle troubled the peace that held sway

inslepeserenely, hearingin Herdreamsthe voicesof

st children — the Garou — ns-they went about
their busines of euandianshin, Occasionally, she sound
quarrels nenong the Garou disturbed Gaia's rest amd She
shifted restlesly, feeling the stirrings of darker times to
come, Untally, these disturbances passed quickly, for Gaia's
shapechanging childten moved swifly from anger to amity
‘in those times before they had reason to learn true hatred
and invoke the fury of their rage.

Once such quarrel, however, raged for many days and.
ssighte ae three of Gaia's chilean forever
This isthe story ofthat quarrel.

It happened or of the first evenings of the world,

‘when Luna's light shone full upon the face of Gaia, iumi-
nating the tops of che higheet mountains and aptesding her

¢ mack

lightinto the darkest valleys. On that nightthe th
brothers known as Ukten, Croatan and Wendi
the highest mountain of the new-made world to pay thei
respects to Lama. Proud in wolf form they stood ind stared
upward at the moon. bathing inher light. Asone, the three
brothers lifted their heads and gave 1 how of praise to the
daughter of the sky. Their song lew high and far, cartied on
the wind until t reached the ears of the other Garou. Soon
the workd rang with the exis of longing and respect

‘When the three had finished thelr song, hey be
‘ws to speak among themselves, comparing their exploits
and boasting of theie discoweries. Ta do thismore easly,
three brothers shifted tnt human form, for that
scemed made for speech and gestae

Uxtena, as the eldest ofthe three, spoke fit.

"U have spent the day swimming the tiv
ov Ice

covered ma

depths

ofthe waters

forme to find"
The middle brother, Croatan, nodded a hi
brother finished speaking, then took bis tum, "I have
wandered the deep forests and valleys and I have watched
the husmans.as they tend theit herds and plane tee fields.
have listened ro the calling ofthe birds and the soft scny
Mother's words in the

secretsplaced there by Gaia

sof her lesser creatures

Croatan had barely finished his recital when Wendigo,
youngestand most impulsive ofthe three, tose to is feet."
hhave bested both of you!" he enied. "I have raced the iey

Legends of the Garou: Renown 3


northern wind and stalked the great deer of the tundra, 1
have tated the sweet blood of the killand heard the desolate
howling of the whirling snows. | have battled the dark spirits
hut have tried to take hokdof the Mother'sheartand feasted
on their death cries. My deeds hold more greats

either of yours"

Ar this, the three brothers fell to arguin

deeds deserved the most patise. Their harsh,

aur and soon gave way to harsher actions. Wendiga'
soon got the better of him: sedi pega
in favor of the man-wolf for

‘Ontena and Groaran reluctantly followed auit and soon t
mountain shook with the sounds of battle as the thi
brothers wrested oneanocher until Luna's light dia

and the sky grew pale with the approach of dawn,

Finally Croatan broke off from the battle and c
tohis brothers

"This has gone far enough!" he cried, settling bagk:
human form. "Let us stop wasting our time with show:
anger and ask the spirits to settle our quarrel."

‘Ukrena heatd his brother and (ele the rightness of his
speech. He, too, separated himself from the fight. Leftalone,
with no ane to butte him, Wencdigo released his anger and
slumped sullenly to the ground.

Uktena bowed to Croatan. "You have spoken wel,
peacemaker," he sti, "We should each undertake a journ
nto thespiit world and search there ortheanswer to
deeds deserve the greatest pase."

Wendig'seyesplintedahe mention
and he nodded his agreement. "W

the pirit world In those day cr

one world to the other did

it would nteron, wehen the Gauntlet gr

‘ways were barred from Gaia's shapeshifting child¥en. Nev-
ertheless, out of respect forthe Great Mother and Her
cousins, the brothers spent many days and nights purifying
themselves for theit journey.

‘Uxrens, the Eldest Brother, found astream of cold clear
water ant bathed himself init, washing awry any trace of
impurity that might deter him from achievis
He thought abou how someriancs
hisbrother Croatn's gentle ways:

‘ash behavior and, ashe let the
hhis impatience to the river

Croatan, the Middle Brother, f
earth was rich and soft and where,
‘out long the ground and placed hi
could hear the steady beating of T

knowledge and his brother Wendigo's excell
‘With each lsearrbeat of the earth, Croatan let hisenvy drain
from his heart und sink into the ground.

Wendigo, the Youngest Brother, raced as swiftly as he
could until he came to an icy land where a great snowstorm
fuming the air around him white with fory. He

about how he often grew angry at his brother

perio waysand his bother Ceoatan'sinsistence

rather than action. As the storm pelted him with,

re the icy winds blew acrosshisface, Wendigo —

to purify their minds and bodies, the three brothers
that they would try denying themselves food.
they fasted for ten days and nights, watching
cies grow lean and hard and feeling their senses

‘open co the stirrings of the spirit world. The
hearts began to beat in time with one another and they
remembered that the Great Mother had brought them
forth with the same birth pang so that they were closer to

each other than to all theie other siblings

Next, the bothers made offerings tothe spleits to guide
them on theie journey. They did this notonly because they
‘wanted to gui the help ofthe spirits, but also because it was
the polite and respectful thing to do wher: traveling in
someone ebe's homeland, They burned tobacco and sage
, breathing in the seacke and letting it escape from
nto the spirit world, bearing words of greeting
‘They sang songs and made many dances in
hersandsistersandeousins, peasing
of their bodies and the sounds of

Finally, the three brother decid they were ready to
undertake thei spine journey. They stood up as one being
and stretched out their arms to the sky. Luma was lange and
bright in thei vision as they did so and her pure white light
seemed toes theirjourney. As the brothers stared upward
atthe face of Luna, they saw a ray of moonlight burs forth
arc toward vet na those day, crossing between worlds
merely a mater of wallemg far enough with the inter
A going mo the spirit world, so the brother did not

such a gift from the: *Phey did not know
.t he worlds,

_gfecial pathway wo the eptic woeld!"

"L wall he che first to travel her." Wendigo etted out
ready to leap onto the bridge of moonlight as soom'as it
crossed the distance froan the sky to the earth.

Ukrenin started to open his mouth to claim precedence
as Oldest Brother, but Croatan stepped forward and placed

4 Croatan Song


his hands on his brothers' shoulders. "The path is wide
enough for allthree of usto travel it side by side Let us bein
‘our journey as we bope to end it — together, a our Great
Mother meant us to be

Both Uktena and Wendigo felt ashamed! for thettthaste
and pride."Asalways, Middle Brother, you sce hesway tha
costs none of us our hone." Uktena said. We
‘busy remembering that he had given up hisany
hhe nodded his head co signify that he agreed with
bothers. Shoulder to shoulder, the three, ce
upon the path sent for them bythi@imoon seit
Journey into the spirn world. eh

Asthoy traveled, they felt the airchange around theme |
lnnthose days, the Lmbra was noeso different from the world
‘of flesh. Colors shone more brightly in the spitit wot,
because they did not have toattach themselves to objedts t)
be seen. Sounds were sharper and clearer, as well. Foe a)
while, the three brothers contented themselves with fengts
ing on the sights and sxunds and smells of the spitit wot
_glotying in the feel of the smooth path under their feet
the caress of the wind spirits that nudged them as they t
the toad of moonlight

Then the brothersbecame aware of eyeswatchingthem
— many eyes. They looked around and saw x hast of spirits
snchered along the path and lining the read. News ive

reply bit,
wastes)

and

quickly in the spirit world and spirits love to convey aa ike

sages to one anather
‘broughtinany creatures of the Umbra
brothers traveled. Now they whispered
trying to guess which ofthe three bot
greatest success on the journey
(Uktena bed he got Pea
his head to look. Next to the path ai .

1 wide that Ukrena could not se thie otherdhone Adu,
scaly head emenzed from the lnke's strfac&, its all.
ces reganting the three brothers. Uktena rec the

‘totem spirit from whotn he had taken his name and bowed
bis head in respect. "I will find the knowledge to help me
swith this journey and ther | will give you that knowledge as
a gift for your watchfolness," he said He felt confident that
his totem would guide him to success and stood straighter
than before, aseetet smile breaking the comers othi

‘Word of the three brothen' quest
the place where

theearth, He looked down and sew th
where he stepped, bocoring moti
snavkings of a huge turd.
through him as he roid the
totem. "You, who bear the earth on ya
know thareverything | do brings hong
"Thank you for your blessing." His st
suer as he walled onward with his broth
Wendligo smelled the tang of a winter RUEBOW
above him and he looked upwaed, where he ssw at icy swi
cof snow tke shape. Inside the snowy cloud, Wendign could
see the hunery any fem ofthe totem whore nme he bore
He felt the fierceness of his tovem spirit's patronage, a love sa

Legends of the Garou: Renown

aa
sme firmer and is
goin: his brothers on the other side. All over his skin

harsh chat itscemed perpetually angry, "Foryoustwilldo great
deeds and win out over both my brothers" Wendigo prom
fe threw back his head and howled ro match the sound
ind and his step quickened, reflecting: his eagerness.
SUTbe brothers walked for many days and nights. They
did not have to stop for food or drink or sleep, since the
spiftts thhay watched the three travelers tended co thei need
{or nourishment and replenishment out of respect for their
ouney:Juscwhen Wendigowas beginning to wonder aloud
«when ng, would happen, the three brothers came
‘Acros & gigantic wall of thors and briars that stretched
across their path,
"cAWe need to find. way theough this burtier," Uktena
scot me sud it for awhile and I will learn its secrets."
DP hiee is» weakling's way," Wendigo cried out. "This bs
"atiegrofour courage and strength. | willshow youhow to cross
ft" Before Crontan could say anything, Wendigo charged
{nw his wol-form and gave mighty leap forward. Alchough
he was powerful and graceful as hecleared the wall, hed not
escape unscathed. Huge thoms raked hisbelly and slashed his
legsso that he landed, wounded nd bloody, on the other side
"Doasl di, brothers!" Wendigo called. "Iwill cary the sears
from mymighty leap with pide for have won thischallengy."
(Uhrena stepped lack from his study ofthe barrie. "Lam
‘sad that youhave reaches the other ide, tmpetuousane,"he
his voice carrying actow the wall of rambles. "Iwill
fer my own fmhion," hesaid "see no need towound
sso | can claim a few more scare" Uktena had
of water seeping undemeath the barrier. He
id dlgatthe carth on either side ofthe tickle,
til there Waban opening wide enough for him
to craw! int, Thinasmy pach," he said, and disappeared into

the watery holesAAfrera lane swim in the dark, he emenged on

thé gthet sdenfthe Bertier, soaked through byhis passage. He

shook hie! dry and grinned athis younges beother, "ound

the hidehrwity through the burier by going under t,"hesai,

"ana with lesscost tomy flesh than you paid for your cxosing."

‘Wendigo snorted, buchad toavimit that he admired his oldest,

brother's cunning. Together, the two brothers waited for
‘Groatam to show himself

(Croatan regarded the barrier." There sonky one way for

ime to get across," he sad forthe benefir of anyon who was

ning. "The honorable wav to act thie challenge is he

pting that the brambles and thorns will rake theit toll

my skin as L pass." He squared hus shoulders and

F straight into the vallepushinghis way past the

choking growth thaedtifrounded him, His ordeal took most

joFthe day, Ashe neared the end of the barrie, the

of the brambles moved aside toshow theirrespect for

decision to take the dificult path, allowing himat last

thousands of tiny cuts wept beads of blood. "Here Lum," he
announced to his brothers. "Shall wecontinue our journey!"

Inthi fashion, the three brothers taveled through the
spirit world, ma the heauty thar surrandeet them

3


and coming, every now and then, upon some test oF chal-
lenge placed in their path.

‘Once a mountain offre towered before them, blocking
their way. Wenuign called upon the powers given tohitn by.»

his totem spirit and surrounded himself in a cleak of ice 4
that the mountain's heat did not harm him. Ina great el
of hissing steam, Wendigo crossed up and over the mo

‘ann, Uktena found a narrow crevice thar led barn,
the mountain, bypassing the great flows of liquid fire
"emenging oF her side with a greater knowledge of the
fnvide of the mountain, Croatan bowed to the earth,
"Tare, who carried the mountain, along with the:
‘earth, on his back. Then he walked fearlessly up t
tain, trusting in his totem to protect him.
Another time, they had to cross-a great cany
divided theit path. At the bottom of dhe canyon f
mighty river. Wendigo gathered hisstrength anal cleared the
distance with a mighty leap. Ukten dove into the rivera
{followed the stream until he found a stairway of rack his
behind a waterfall that led him up the other side of th
‘anyoa all. Crostan nade his way laboriously down une
side of the canyon, forded the river nt its shallowest paint,
and then climbed up the other side of the canyon,
Finally, after ic seemed that their quest would never
cenid, the three brothers came fee to face with three spirit;
creatures that looked not unlike themselves. "You mu
defeat us in combat," the creatures told themm, "in order t
cotnpfete your journey and find the answer to your question

Al that you have experienced so far has heen by
ration for this meeting. If you heat us, you wi
vision that will fell you what you want to kei -

Weeligo spoke first "Let us begin," he gre

‘ny his half-man, hall-wol fighting fore and Leape upean hi
‘opponent, The two creatures blurred inte ne grat na
teeth and talons, ripping and tearingat one another While the
air filled with the sours of choir starts and screams of fry,

Ukrens spoke fora few minutestohis opponent, prising

his challenger': prowesand agerting his own worthiness to! Po Herand stretched out their hands
dobuttle. Ashedid so, hestudied his rival for weaknessesand |)
gous. Then, when hebad spokerthislast word,he,

vaulnerab
‘00, aeumed hisbatteforruand circled his opponent, ooking

for the right moment to launch his attack. He found ttand. |

dove for the sei

Croatan bowed before his opponent." aim honored
thar you havechosen mens yourbartle-mate,*he said. "Lyitf™

throat

brothers stood victorious over the vanquished spirits Their
ts bowed before the brothers and spoke again.
{syour vision," they said and vanished into the nit.

{The brothers saw i great Jand of endless fimests, ral

(frsquitains, broad plainssplitby mighty riversandicy tundra
F

that disappeared into a snowy wilderness. Many creatures
ced inthis splendid land — humans, shaposhifters, wolves
dined ‘ons and claughters of the Gireat Mother's loins,
"The vision changed and new crestures appeared on the
vs of this peaceful land, pale-skinned creatures that
friendship and walked under a vast dark shadow filled
aceand danger ind death. As the brothers warched
galarm, theshadow spread over the entitety of the
devouring the souls of every creature in ite path until
thing was eft bur misshapen, hideous beings nd a land
scape of tortured trees, broken mountains and stinking
‘waters The vision ended thus, and the brothers tured 19
‘one another in great distress.
"will fight this shadow anal bury itbeneath the fury of
sy teeth and talons!" Wendigo cried. "Itcannot be allowed
tw destroy this beaurifal kan"

1 will stody it fist," Uktena said. "Everything has a
weakness and evert such 4 terrible thu a this shadow runt
hharhor a secret about itself that lean discover and ure against
‘When t have done this, | will destroy it with guile and craft and
‘make certain hat itcanneyerbringforthsuch horrible events"

Croatan was wilenr, lost in the enormity of the hortor th

he had wimessed. "er has no honor, this shdow," he xaid,

himself. *. even if have tod it lene."
hheard your words and watched you stragle

iy tests," a gentle voice said, starfing the

thers from their contemplation. They looked up

a woinan, etsong in body with » ace lined with

the earesonlya mother knows, The brothers recognized this
"asone of the many forme of the Great Mother. They bowed.
sk for Her blessing.
‘The woman smiled upon them. "You came tothe spit

J world to discover which of your deeds deserved the mast
 rendiwn. I have watched you overcome obstacles, hartle

‘creatures who were your match in every way ans flaally, [
haves dhe E have

-olTié Great Mother places! Herhand on Uktena's head.
sive you the firs: blow." His spirit-rival bowed as welf and, Jancis have x soa) the etl
touched himself at Croatan, who accepted thé mightil!" in heroin f

ccrunh of the ereiture's body, nbsorbing the imp tis
body were made of solid rock. Then Croatan sdpleon hi
sman-wolf form and returned the attack.

Tho thee Iothers cenugeled with ah
through the rest of the day andl into gh
though in the spirit world, day and nighit
‘one another to as great a degree as they
Aech, thi battles were still very tigig.

fer fom
the world of
ly, the chee

6

c the expenie of honor and ylory. You have
of = e Secret ways, the hidden meanings and the most
‘Cunning approaches to every obstacle. Even in battle, you
fight with guile and trickery to best your oppenent. Your
cy show da you value Wadoen over any oder fer of
"eefigy, and so this shall be."
She tumed ws Wendigo and touched his head with
Herhand: *Wendigo, youngest and boldest brother, you have
‘ever met the world headlong, without thought of risk: to

Croatan Song


yourself Youconsideronly the praiseand glory that
youwillreceivear the end of yourhonsroacandthis
desire for glory gives you strength and cours
Your anget is txtble and finds peace only
contemplation of your past greatness and the hope
of focure fame. Your deeds prove that you place
9 before all ether typeof rnc, and so this
stall be."
Finally, She looked with love and
‘upon Creatan, whoa been waiting:
his tum, She placed both hands om the M
Brother and, when She spoke, it soured to the
er two brothers ns if Her heart were breaking
"Croat, my cherished peacemaker, long
have youbomethe brunt vii
‘ences, always seeking to soothe their spirits nd
ling the honorable solution to the proble
that confront you. In all your trials, you have
done this, meeting obstacles with a persiste
respect and overcoming thei through honor
able coatest. Your deeds display the value yo
place on Honor above all thins"
‘Croatnasked."" Youdidnotdothisformybrothers
‘The Great Mother Gain smiled through
Her tears. "I weep because you cannot be any
thing other ean what you are, You will always
live with honor, bur naveveryone will thank: yes
fr your honorable deeds Take care that you cs
fot place too much value on your hone se that
You turn aside the offer of others, Remember
this, my hild.and perhaps you wll not make the
chuice lee ahead of you."
With these words, the Great Mother van:
ished and the three brothers found themselves

foorofadwindling path ofmeontight, From that
day forward, the three brother: never quarteled
about wich of theie deeds was the ereatest, and
since that time, the Garou have acknowledged
three: equal forms of renown: Wisdom, Glory

and Honor.

(Croatan mistook their pride for theit honor
and sacrificed themselves without secking
thehelpoftheirbrothers,thesonsiand daugh:
tersof Uktena and Wendigo knew that a great
swronhad come to pass. So, even though Uktena
gives precedence to Wisdom and Wendigo fa
-yors Glory, hoth tribes recognize thar i gain

brother, who valued Hortor above all


ee A

Credits Authors' Special Thanks

To Beth Bostic for herasistance in locating the history

= Bll Bridges (Croatan), Jackie Cansada (Uktena) of. Five Civlised Trikes and ideas for Storgtlling

Rea (Wendigo)

‘Additional Material by: Cali Hollar

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Artz Joe Corroney, Richard Kane Ferguson, Jeff Holt, Brian.
LeBlanc, Chuck Regan

Art Director: Aileen B. Miles

Cover Arts Richard Kane Ferguson

Cover Design, Layout & Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Game STUDIO

©2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for
perevnal sie only Whine Wolf, Vampire the Mosquatids, Mage the Avvenion, World of Dusan and Aberrant ate
reygistered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Werewolf the Wild
‘Croaran Song, Werewolf the Dark Ages, Umbra the Velvet Shadow, Kinfolk Unsung Heroes, Litany af the Tribes,
Werewolf Players Guide, Ukterst Tribebook, Wendigo Tribebook and Changeling Players Guide are trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Ine. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc
The mention of or reference to any company or presluct in these pages isnot. challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned
Thist
and intended for enter

ok wees hie superaarana for setting, characters aud themes, All mystical and supernacural elementsare flerion
nment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised,

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hurpdwwew white wolf com; alt games.whitewolf and rec.gumesfrp storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA

Croatan Song

fe a en era mao

L


Contents
Legends of the Garou 2
"Renown" |
Introduction: Song of the Middle.Cimes 10
Chapter One: The Long, Walk. 14
The history of the Three Grother: an? their homelands a
Chapter Two:Ahose Hunting Grounds? 42
The septs atid people ob'pre=Columbian North Ameri a
Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals » 88
Gelling chronides in the Pure Lands and beyond
Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times 108

Character creation rules for Pure Lands characters

Contents 9



ec iniirmnn dnlamasda cna

Some dey d

earth will weep, she will bes fr he if, she w
Cy with tear of lowe, You will ale a coe, if you ul el

her or let her die, and when she dies, you woo wil de,
John Hollow Hor, Oglala Lakon

Hear the woods of Greenwomin Thucepas, eli
Sept andl Wisdom Keeper of the Cherokee:

Sing with me rene the songs of our ancestors. Sing for those

toygther within Casas heart. By oer song, we brig al places, el
peoples together within the sacred etree of oer ws.
(Once carnations saddled he lan, burgand wenkang ging
ana dancing, rakingpeace wth the pnts, he plas aude amis
ofthe chosen places. We, dun wlfgnt-bmabers ward among
them, guidng and leoning, pmoecting and defending,
Then we sang somes of bright sly, sonas of deep wisdom
of scart hour Our tongues spoke words of fread
curves held thin thers the wildness of the ight itself. That
fie has faded row, swept eso betrayed and
betitled Kinfolk. Once we were three and onr people were
NNonu we ave ewe aad cur Kin he scattered eelng fr from,
The fiestas, ts lames almost quenched. Yet,
sal gow
Har now dhe tales ofthe pas. Sing ofthe ancient times and
the right momningand iden after of ourlives. Fein the time
the Wermcomers, wedid not yet fear the coming he night
One weices lithe ankness thn as we sang of cir eras ane
saones. My som omight olds within ihe tle of those ams, of

bee

lide brodher Wendin aru eer nother Uktera
shu ou rower ane nc rice der ln fo oer
Yer, itis she one wha is abene of whi I ruly sing, for if we heed
rot the eal vl, ches wal he nome of us fet sty the pretest une
of sorroe, kaw to sas the Crotam Son

Setting

Unlike the modem Werewolf setting, in which the
wilderness and Gria's sacred places languich, the Pure Lani
before the coming of Europeans is a place of
mountains, phiins and deserts. Unbroken by highways and
pollavon-covered cities, this tale 18 set against pristine
willertands only lightly touched by the W
Everythings bigeer, gener, with dense forests, bl
and overwhelming aromas. The land :
ofantelope elk and bison whose passing shakes the yrexind lke
thunder. Bindsorg echoes und fish leap from sparking rosin
fivers, Wood are dark, mysterious places, lakes delve tu
Jenn depths and predatory may he inet
Agua thi

rocks nversall aresacred.all conminspieits whose
who listen and who expec:
recoymise their rights and mab

ul

forest,

J or fores
ackdtop stories become epics. Mountains, trees,

ase who live among thes
them offerings

Introduction: Song of the Middle Times u

—————

yy,


|

oe AZ

Those who live in these surroundings have few of the
difficalties encountered by the European invaders who feat
the darkling woods and stay upon known paths lest they
never find theit way home again. The native nations occupy
lands they consider as much part of themselves as their
fingers or toes

Sul, strange things lurk in the night and some ground
is known to be sour breeding monsters and bringing ill ek
toany who walk its paths. Though many horrors have been
bound, wickedness remains: And those who battle it must
ofter, do 40 on its home territory. Violence is an all too
common currency between nations, and a great doom is
destined to fall on all the people of these lands, This isa
world of firelight, starlight and moonlight, and beyond the
range of the camipfire, the darkness breathes

‘And that doesn

Mood

‘Several moods are appropriate for a story set in the Pure
Lands. Joy in work well doneand inthe simple pleasuresfound
among one's ration or tribe could well be the reason why the
Garou tattle Gaia's enemies. Preservation of their Kinfolk
and their way of lifecan be powerful motivations. Excitement
and anticipation whci bt
noble friend, fear ofa Bane that is setinygly 100 powerful for
thet srength, all have theie place. So, too, desolation and
desperation are appropriate when the true extent of the
dasmage the Wyembeingers cane heconncs ch

‘While mast stories will be setin the pre-Columbian era,
it might be posible t invoke some nuance of the sadness
and anget yet to come

‘Theme

As with mood, appropriate themes range across the
speccrum of posibilities. Learning one'splace in the tribe
anid nati ng the transition from youthful foolsh-
ness to wisdom, finding the meaning of honor, coping
with the aftermath of war, discovering love, choosi
between hate and fongiveness, any of there might serve'
power several stories

How to Use This Book

The tnateril in this book may be used to run a eam-
pign set in the Pure Lands kefore the European influx. It

may also serve a» background for a Werewolf: The Wild
West campaign. Finally, details revealed here may be used
2 "memories" accewible to those with Past Life while
special items or rites might become the abjects of quests of
rediscovery in inodemn games.

Legends of the Garou: Renown sets the stage with a
"rath" ofthe three brothers —Uktena, WendigoantCoatnn.

Chapter One: The Long Walk (History) This chapter
offers look at the histories of th bes and select
pnationsof the PureLands, ftom earliest timestojustafterthe
coming of the Wyrmbringers

sn caver the Umbra

A Word About Terminology

When European settlers fine came to North
Americatand established governments, variousso-called
Indian groups were referred 0 "nations," giving them
theit due as sovereign power established on certain
territories. It ws only later; after those nations were
forcibly removed frown theie lands and decimated by
disease that each begun to be called "tribes" — with
thac word's connoration of a more savage, lesssephist-
cated society, For this reason (and to be honest, for
cluncy'ssakens well), we aay choose to use the word
nation to refer to discrete groups auch ns the Cherokee,
Powhatan or Apache. We reserve the use of the word
tmhetospenk ofthe thtce Pure Lands Garou —Uletena,
‘Croaran amd Wendiyo —and thetr European counter:
pres, Thussomeone might he of the Cherokee nation
and also be of the Uktena tribe, Further, though each
nation called iselfbydifferentnames than those known
to modem readers, for ease of unilerstanding, we call
them by their better-known names:ach as Navajo and
Cherokee rather than the Dinch and the Principal
People. No disrespect to members of these groups 18
incended thereby,

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds? The tribes
are defined by choir lands and thoie Kin as such ws by their
totem. This chapter focuses on the territories held by the
tribes, and the various nations of their Kinfolk.

tweytelling: This chapter shows how
given here and offers some chroniche
alto delineates afew focs, some possible allies and
gives some ideas lor creating others,

Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times: Here
axe found new rules to enrich the chronicle — period Gifts,
rites, fetishes, covems, Merits and Plaws, as well as character
creation rules for the three tribes and their Kin.

Naturally, the Uktena Tribebook und Wendigo
‘Tribebook (reprinted in Litany of the Tribes, Volume 4)
would also be of inestimable value for s Pure Lands game,
although they're not strictly necessary

Lexicon

Yendigo term for Theurge
nuit name fer powerful shamans who deal
with good und evil spirits

Angoaks: Ivory or woodearviny used by arctic hunters

Ducbaudjimoot: The auspice among the Wendiga that
corresponds to Galliard, o lorekeeper.

"Heyokat Wendico nome forthe Ragalneh mmpice

Huankayapi: The ceremony whereby an older Sioux
warrior adopts younger wartior as is won,

Law Giver: Uktena and Croatan term for Philodox

2 Croatan Song

a

ry,


ee A

Makuk: A container made from bitch-bark used by
nomadic nations t hold stored food

Manitou: Name given to the spirits that inhabit the
physical and the spirit world.

Mediwiwin: Wendigo term for Philodox.

Nawalak: Kwakiut! name forthe sprit ofa tree ued in
house-building,

Nobugidaban: Flat-bottomed sleds used by the lake
people for winter travel overland.

Numaym: The Kwakiutl term for « clan-like group
descended from an anienal spi

‘Oki: Huron word for spars.

Pemmican: Preserved ford mide fromdried meat and fat
packed into the intestines of caribou oe another lange gume
animal, used by nomadic people as tail food or winter fed

Sachem: Term for chief among the Algonguians of
‘New England.

‘Shaman: Also called a medicine worker; the Uktena
and Croatan name for Theurge

Songkeeper: Name given to Galliards by the Ukeena
and Croatan,

Toyon: Aleutian name for a village leadet or wealthy
ciel

Trickster: Uktena and Croatan word for Ragabasb,

Wabenot Name given to shamans in the lake region
who specialize in herbal healing

Warrior: Name given to Alroun by the Ukten and
Croatan,

Ya'pahe: The Wendio term for the Ahnoun auspice

Bibliography

‘While not an exhaustivesource lst, many of the books
mentioned here have helped us in writing Croatan Song.
Any might provide more information or spark ideas for
campaign pl

"The Mythology of Native North Americaby David Leeming
and Jake Page

‘The Secrets amd Mysteries of the Cherokee Lite Penple:
Yunus Tsundidi by Lynn King Lossiah

Coyote Walks on Two Legs: A Book of Navajo Myths and
Legends by Gerald Hausman

‘The Early American Wildemess asthe Explorers Saw feby
Ball Lawrence

Alas of the North American Indian by Cark Waldman

The American Indians series from Tne-Life Books

‘The Earth Shall Weep: A History of Notive America by
James Wilton

Red Earth, White Lies by Vine Deloria Jt

Americin Discovery: Our Multicultural Heritage by
Gunnar Thompson

Shamanism and Nature Spirituality: The Sacred Circle
by Dolfyn

‘Ancient Pueblo Peoples by Linda S. Cordell

Folktales of Native Americans: A Story Filed Coloring
Book retold by David Rorgeniehe

Spirits, Heroes and Huaners from North American fran
Maytholeg by Marion Woot

‘American Indian Ceremonies by Medicine Hawk: and
Grey Cat

Black Elk Speaks 2s told through John G. Nethardt

"The Mystic Warriors ofthe Plains by Thomas E. Mails

(Cherokee Plants: Thetr Uses —a400 Year History by Paul
B. Hamel and Mary U. Chiltoskey

‘Nauve Amertan Mythsand Legends by Colin Taylor eta

Knights of Spain, Warriors ofthe Sien by Charles Hudsons

(Crying for a Dream by Richard Erdoes

Healers om the Mourain and Other Myths of Native
‘Amencan Medicine by Teresa Pijoan,

Aunt Mary, Tell Me A Story: A Callection of Cherokee
Legends and Tales as told by Mary Ulmer Chiltoskey

Native American Stories told by Joseph Beuchac

America's Fascinating Indian Heritage edited by James A.
Maxwell

Timelines of Native American History by Susan Haten-
Hammond

‘The Native Americans: An Ilustrated Hiscory by David
Hurse Thomas et al

‘The Founders of America: Fvom the Earliest Migrations wo
the Present by Francis Jennings

Introduction: Song of the Middle Times 3

i inion



A hundred thousand years have passed

Yet, t hear dl
Father's drisms

distance beat of my

Shirley Daniels, Ojihwa

Hey, shut that lap! That's a damn cold draft, and

I don't want to freeze to
and sit down. alzeady,

the fire. There, that's a good little
e's rising up to the hole, drifting out
the land telling anyone else who's our there that
2. good, warm fire over here if they wane it. Let
ne. I'l tell them the story, too.

wn and get comfortable, cause I'm
fe about to get your wish, the reason
I the way out here, The whole st
sored and complet

tend wo keep
it too often,

oueame

rho deserve it. T figure

xcept to the
med it, though.
All right, then. Excuse me while I el

you've

wnt a while. Ir

in here If you see thir
ofthe comer of your eye, don't etspooked or nothing

anal don't go shifting into baerle-forra!Ie'sjuse my allies,
those that'll help me tell the tale. You'll hear them soon

Chapter One: The Long Walk 15

Ef /RO I ART TS TE DE ET

ways be me talking, even though it
be mowing. Oth

enounh. It we
my mouth thi

voices gotta get a

-¢ to sing now and then,

Okay. Here we go.
Hey ya

i throwagh me
Offtimes long gone

OF pasphe sha cts ve
Of deeds mighty and gone
Hey ya

Each year when your birthday comes around, you i

say to yourself, "Hell, I'm old!" And you compliment
younelf on another year lived, and fi
much wiser. Congratulations. That ¢

wre you're t
aking in y
bones and chill in your fur does mean you'te getting
old, Nothing lasts hut for so longs to each its allotted
time (at least, those things that aren't rainted andall).


ee AA

But you don't know real age. You think you do,
bur none of us really does, Not when we consider
how long our history is. Humans get real proud of
theinselves when they can trace their ancestry back
a few generations. They get even proudemdfithey
new who their blood kin was before hey
here, to America, or Turtle Island as | prefer to call
it. Heck. they get right worked up about :
trace their m

y-time great-grandpappieasand

they came.

theyean

know this only by gossip: no one who was there still
speaks. No one can call them.

Je3ssaid thatin the Old Country, the place where
all(Garoy once lived, where they had first taken the

) shaptiofhumans and wolves together, chere were three
speaial brothers, Unlike other Wolf Chungers, they
knew thar. family was more important than personal
fride. While other Garou sought to look goul in dhe
 feyenf others, or wanted power, these three quietly

grandmamimies way back {the Milde _ honored dete Grandmother and each other
avery few of them can go ba@k'fareherthan thatsand |) We

they're probably full of buffalo turd.

Bur the Changing Breed? Oh, yeah, we go wag,
way back. And we know it, too. Ie's not just « mater
of counting who begot who on our fingers and toes)
Tou uniny Kinfolk in between to keep that thread)

ght. No, we know it cause we don't count sught
things by direct family. We do it by tribe. The tribe is
fone, no matter how many wolves are in it. Thats
something branded into our spirits, something no
body can take away easily

Sohowdo we know it? Cause thespiritstell us, Not
just the animal spirits around us who watch and re-
member, but our own ancestors, chose really old ones
who lived in times before us and hang around in the
spirit world to help us young ones get alongelt@l
because of the | the pull they have on oul
‘on our metories,
the wisest human can know.
confused about the past. Nog
it's still ulive today, juseot in. phygicabform.

{'mgoingto tell you now som@efwharthenld ones

us knew, whar they saw bak thenowhen it first
happened, or what their elders who where théretald
them about it. I'm not going to talk about the Silver
Fangs or the Fianna; they've got storytellers enough to
bark cn abour their fanousdeedsand such, at least the
rythey like to remember them, regardless of whether
wy te tue oF not. I'm yoing to tell areal story instead,
an important story aboura whole people and what they
inst the Wyrm. If ralk provid about!
an individual, it's ‘cause he or abigeeliditight for her
people, not ro exalt themselvedl
g about thie Thee Brothers and
their tribes. This tsa song about the Uktena and the
Wendigo. Bur most of all, t's 2 Croaearteng.

The Old Country

Long long ago this happened. ft Wileimayeienll
that no one remembers through his own eyes
more. [tis only told in stories, from eldee to cu
on and on down the generations. Even the spirits

16

hat we know things fan@lder than

Croatan Song

aaa ios

"Were they perfect? OF course not. They fought at
‘umes, and were stingy ar others. But one brother was

waiys there to remind the others thar what they did
aoe, and thus they would always come back to

"the right ways. Whenever Little Brother got angry,
‘Older Brother and Middle Brother would scold or
shame him nto behaving right again. Likewise, when:
evet Middle Brother went coo long on his own, ignat-
) ing others, Older Brother and Little Brother would
come around and stay unril he got so used to them he
realized it was lonely to be without them. If Oldet
Brother became too caught up in his meditations and
questions, Middle Brother and Little Brother would
come and challenge him to footraces and wrestling
until he got to appreciate his body and vigor again.
hepjeach kept the other in line,
| Bottigolay say chat these brvthiers did 10} really
exist ts: that they're just symbols of their
ie Gilgglyrncal lenders of sors. Maybe
i ‘miter? | think they were real,
, they tived Tong lives, bur maybe they weren't
always Me Brothers always spoken of.
Pethapswhen each died, one of their cubs took their

place, Spithar there were always Three Brothers to
lead the three cribes, back in the old days, before they

spread out too far from each another.

‘Well, in those time the other Wolf Changers
hegan to fear humans because they had too many
‘Weaver allies and fetishes — what we call tools. They
started the Impergiam and hunted down humans they
didn't like, to scare them away from the Weaver. This

wally with humans, only the Weaver's spirits

‘Not all che Wolf@filingers did these things, The
Childeed#6¥ Gata had great hearts, and wept for what
owasdone. The Stangasers had great minds, and thought
Isird about how to undo what had been done. But the
‘Three Brothers just shook their heads in disgust and
would have none of it. They lived far from the other
Changers anyway, so it was not hard at first for them
to ignore the hunts.


Eventually, however, the other Wolf Changers
‘came to the Three Brothers' Jands co continue the
culling, and saw thar the Kinfolk there had Weaver
tools: fline knives and wood-and-sinew es oa
auch. Whilé they did not live in ¢
angered the Wolf Changers, who ees
these people like they did all the others. When the |
Three Brothers realized what was happening, 4

ook on battle form and ran to meet these strangers
who had come from afar to cull er

met them not with words DOP C eeieeeef ete
1 would kill |

eae into their hides as lessons. Ni
their Kin, especially no other Wolf Changers

So the other Wolf Changers stayed away fofla
time, grumblingaboucthe corruption that was sute to,
avertake the Unreé Brothers and their Kin, but ong)
dared try anything again,

The Call

One day, Older Brother woke in the middle of the
night, and thought he heard a maiden crying feom far
off. He padded out onto the tundra to find the source
of the weeping, and came upon an old human woman
alone, huddled up and sobbing.

"Why do you weep, woman:
se far sorrow!"

"A terrible monster is desetoying myiome. Fle
eeatsmy people and does not thank them for test fess)
He breaks theirhomes and.
with the pieces. Soon mgheme will be
country here."

"How can there be aplace: sche
not ample game? Does not Helios Shite int Stel pan
Luna at night? Are there aut Wolf Change! clase
away evil! Where is this place you ery for

"Oh, mighty wolf, strong in wisdom, it is far, far
away actoss the great waters. There the lands are wide
and green, che trees as tall as mountains, and the light
ever abundant as day, for the moon and stars at night
rival the sun. The waters are clear and coldgad then

tame plentiful and tasty. But thesease Bow
which threaten the beauty so chatitis lead ri

in many places beyond healing, oe Wolf
Changers to fight the monsters. That atn Tad"
Before Older Brother could reply, heWoke up, and
tealized ithad been adream. He went co
other brothers, and gathered ther toget
"Lhave had a strange dream," he sl
und sad woman, huddled alone on the «
of a beautiful place of pure waters and land, where
game is plentiful for all. Bur monsters have come to
ruin it, and there are no Garou to oppose them."

is this

Chapter One: The Long Walk

‘i —

cee 20 Lf ass TBSP CE

he asked hee. "Whar

The other brothers both looked surprised, and
looked wondrously at each other. Middle Brother
spoke; "I, to0, have had the same dream." And Little
Banter said, "As have 1. Who was this woman!"

fer Brother nodded wisely. "It ean be none
pcos Gaia, our Grandmother, I will seek the
ssathe dream again tonight, and tell Her that my peaple

rs travel to this land across the waves, and there

[Gefen it from evil."
£ , shall go for Her,"
| % "brothers: "No one can deny hi

Smother such a thing."
1) Andthenexenight, Older Brocherdreamedagain,
\findlsbbehc once more the crying maiden. Ashe paced
§ the cold ground, he heard something following
Fim, its breathing heavy and its claws clacking across
the stones: He turned to look behind, but srw nothing
there. Curious but unafraid, he moved on, following
the faint sound of weeping as he had the nighe before
Again, the sound of something following him
came to his ears. This time he did not stop but quick-
ened hispoce. As he had expected, so too did whatever
followed him speed up. He darted behind a rock and
shifted his form into that of the two-legged wolf, the
s baitle-form. He waited in silence until he saw some-
1 past, following his trail. He leapt upon it and
Jase che ground. Ir squealed in anger and fear,
sand struggled. to zer free.

"Older Brother held it right and looked ut it. He
finallysaw whit fowitgs but could not believe his eyes.
It was i ha had seen before; it was some-
fnebe: Its wasa lange reprile that ran
° c. but had massive jaws and sharp teeth; its
hide way mottled snd infected with fungus and fester
ing wounds, and its eyes glowed with madness. I
looked like something that had been dead bur refused
tobelieve it, likeone of che old lizards that used to walle
the earth but were now all gone and buried

In his shock, Older Brother lost his hold on the
thing, and it burst free of his claws, sinking is teeth
intohisarmbefore runningoif into the night. Thepain

caibh, bat Oller Brother song a sng weovihe
secret he hal learned froun the spirits. While

Whik eased the pain, it did por heabthe wound. Older

the

ind

Brothér then knewhit this was a Wyrm-creature of
somes that his wound was tained.

=) From by, he heard Grandmother's sobbing,
did remembered his purpose. He shifted to all fours
and limped onward, coming once again upon the sid
woman. She had not moved from the night before, and
ice grew asa wall around Her, as Herteatsfell and roxe
y your tears, Grandmother," Older Brother

Thave come to aid you."

17

a Ty,


Gaia looked at Her child and saw his wound. She
halted Her crying and set to healing him, licking his
wound as a she-wolf cleans the fur of her cubs. Soon,
the taint had gone out of the wou
con the ground, where it had tra
clear, pure water. Only She is powerful enough to turn
Wyrm bile into crystal-clear water.

"Oh, my poor cb" she sal
follow

novcthinng hiss
ye from the Pure Lands an tried to stop you
from heeding my call. | should never have come."
"Tknow now that this land you speak of is erly i.
danger. [t must be a great place indeed for the enemy
wo travel s0 far to preventallies from coming
My brothers and I shall travel to reach this home of
yours. There we will bartle your enemies and make
it again

woman smiled, and said: "Of all my
nswered mycries. Toall
the Wolf Changers I gave this dream, but only you
have made this promise fo me. Prepare your people. [
will send Co you spirits and rocems to guide you on the
march. Iewill be long and hard, and many will wish to
e- Bur thore who persevere

will g unknown to any in this land,
already almost lost to the Wyn
Older Brother wok

ne chit pope tage

« this seemed a grand adventure. The
n one place anyway, and

moving to new hunting lands. No one really knew
how

stay)

As promised, spirits cai
wed them the way. They had spent the days bef
arin a path through the land, fighting away
spirits, and marking the trail for the Theurges to
ul fallow. Bur they could not chase away every
bad thing that haunted th ind some had been
destroyed in the fight. The brothers chose the might
‘est and wisest among their Wolf-Changer children te
join asa pack and take to the spirit world, to march
with the spirits and clear the way. With Luna
(ng. they would Ln co 80

Totems also came to them, bu! more
discerning than the other spirits. The Wolf Changers
had to prove their goodwill to them before they would
help. Each brother underwent a test ro wit his totem:
rale unto itself. Three long nights would:
be taken in the telling of these stories in full, of how
Older Brother wrestled Uki or how Middle Brother
found Turtle and coaxed him front his shell, or how
Little Brother befriended mighty Sasquatch after a
hurling match. Know for now that they did these

TT,


ee

things, and so won the friendship of these spirits, and The joumey was longer than even the Thr

thus ensured the safety of their tribeseven to this day. Brothers had imagined. It took many years to come
plete, and even then notall the people could make it

The J ourney ‘Some stayed behind in certain places, tired of the long

Anusothe migration began, ind:he Three Broth Wilk: Some died of exhaustion or hardship, and some
Andso a "gan, an ree Broth

were taken by the Wyrm'screatures that «lways haunted g
g ae Ae reaps oom be ene ee aluat thei al, waiting for some to fall behind
j pS Soman ca ee Te was noc only spirits like Galflings anid Jagggliongs
sry and distant from them overtime. The otbectribes | ses heen la hate
barely noticed their leaving, and cared only sofar hac {vt aed them against che Wythe totems them-
it-meant they had new lands to move into, new fj) %l¥es would often come when they could and help.
ae i Sometimes, some af the people who had gone hunt:
foment ing got lost, and the Wyrm creatures would clase in

Only one from all the other tribes came forth to) Sn'them, Then, these hunters were lucky the cart,
join che great journey, a single Stargazer called Greg ould shake ardund tl :

cent Vision. He had thought deeply on the dreamt). vround,ayTurtle d

d received from Gaia, and hod
creatures that stalked them would disappe:
sought the wisdom dfhistribe'storera\hitpers, whl ne wails cearuics shocscleesipee thal ext

reigns over dreams. From this mysterious being, MG. new cudghey wore hiiete themeclven thes aval
recelved a vision wherein a lund of platy awaicalag Soc Sgr ney were pnt themselver they would
hhim — bur the vision warned that his jolgey would
ost him life. Hebelieved thiswasa smallprice © agple niy'gn be snatched from shove by mighty
pay for of paradise, and bihgatheted what Or ce iy walked asa
belongings he owned and trekked farlon bik own. # h
betore joining the Three Brothers.

At first, the brothers were wary of him, tnisure OF heir stinking juices into the snow, which would
histrue intent. They puchim through oe oe, ci Geri
resolve. Inone test, he had to eae all cheep sleds [OV a

ivyhimselffora day without compat sr a ci ROMS ePald. But ever wit
ree a he ees Se ee

Dire Wolf form for strength, and polled all the sleds the.
fesand |

throwing the enemies to

find their fellows\€arcasses, frozen in pain from
‘Ukggna's poigatis Or the creatures would attack the

ant on the earth, and
reached through the trees to grab the evil things, and
‘squish them between his huge hands. He would wipe

and the
ad of the
Spee torens, and the guile and might of the Thre
Brothersimiach pain and loss warsuered,asherocsfel
"hy bite or ded on assist greater ox,

‘And many ways dingy travel, in many different
groups; ach led by Garou heroes. Most of the people
‘walked, butsome buileboats and traveled ahead wcross

"The waters skirting the islands. The lands they trav-
sled througliere act alwaye frozen, and some bore
"great amounts o€animal life, for the Animal Elders of
‘many bicds fish ard small mammals loved the
places, and bid their children be born there
"dance. In these places, the people alwaysare well, and
"stocked up for the harder times ahead, when only ice
# hencath then

Finally the day came when Older and) Middle
J) Brother fis st foot on the new lands to which Gia
had summoned them, Litle Brother stayed behind, to
guard che last of their people, those who were the
slowest. They were the worst harried by the Wyrm, and
Little Brother' vitality was most needed there. As the
two older brothers arrived, they saw a land that was
indeed as Gata had promised. So clear was the ai, and

for without his now-keen eyes, they would have lost.) weer with the smell of flowers, thar Older Brcther
y themselves, even though they knew the songs :

wok to all fours and capered about a Na

entire day, even though it cost him greatly i
| pains by the time the moon had risen
| The brothers nodded and gayéhim ainew teat"
the next day. He had to findthe
traveling by! wolf, witha aed fi
stepped inco the spirit world and looked carefully for.
signs. He was a Theurge himself, ax knew much of |
the spirit ways, But the spirits Rad been carefull
leaving no sign of their passing lest the Enem
discover it. After long hours of careful search, Cres—
cent Vision was close to failure. Luna looked down}
upon hitn and knew of his secret resolve. She shone
asliver of her lighttorth so thar the Stargazer iinally | |
glimpsed the faint trail through che airts that the
spirits had left for the Three Brothers to follow, He
thanked the moon for her aid, and returned
brothers to tell them the proper way to tra
They nodded and knew that he had proven him-
self. From there on, he required no more tests, and
showed many a time how he was vital to theirjoumey,

Chapter One: The Long Walk red

SS TT


ee

Hernan forth into the woods ind there met wolves,
larger and hardierthan any he had before'seen. Atfirst,
they stayed away from him, fr his smell was strange to
themand he wasnotof theirpack. Buthe persisted and
d the grace to give in to theit alpha, to show respect
for him, From then, he was accepted, and ran with the
wolves on their next kill. Aftera while, he returned to.
his people and told his heather about his time among
the pare wolves. There wereso many mare wolveshere
than from where they had come, and they were strong
and healthy, and respected the ancient pacts hetween
aninsals that theie Elder spirits had mode long ago.
‘While he had been gone, Middle Brother had met
new hurnans, people already living in the Pure Lands.
They were a happy people, and welcomed the new:
canmers without suspicion or fear, freely offering food
and shelter. The Wyrm-creatures that ruined the land
were farther south, and had not yee done much damage
here, Middle Brother grew happy living among them.
The story of the battle to reach the new
lands has been told many times before. It is a painful
one. So great was the loss and sorrow that Sasquatch's
became the Wendigo. a spirit of
c. It 1s not easy for a totem spirit to
change its ways so, Such pain, such rage, is unimag-
le. After this, the migration was unstoppable. No.

bothers and their people back from where they had

come. Now, they had tofight them in the Pure Lands.
Their conquest was no longer assure:

Once the Three Brothers reunited, they consulted
with one another on what to do. The land bridge was
closed, but there wete still people on the far side,
mostly those who had rested for too longgand hal to be
left behind. Llow could dey now come over? Ir was
decided that caern would be dedicated, place where
the spirits who aided them could rest and regain their
spent power, and converse more easily with the
‘Theurges. Here, a Moon Bridge could be opened that
would allow others to come through

The location of this first caemn is now unknown.
Some say itwasnnot in the Pure Landsas we know them
today, but was part of the land now sunk beneath the
‘ocean. Once the Caem of Triumph and Sorrow was
opened, many Garou volunteered togo back, totheuld
‘caems, and find their lost Kin once more. With sadness
and sorrow, the Three Brothers let them go, fearful
that they would norsce them again, foreven by Moon
Bridge, the journey was long.

‘Many moons pa
joumers, until one d
caern, cawing le

ed with no word of the 30
a crow spirit appea
forall wscomeand hear. It said
that the people were returning and would soon
ive. They uaveled Moon Path» in the Umbra, bur


4

eA 1th

were being chased by Wyrm-creatures. At this news,
Ahroun clamored to gather a war party, and all
others joined in, forthey would need the guile ofthe
New Moons, the lore of the Crescent Moons, the
wiidom of the Half Moons and the witness of the
Gibbous Moons with them.

Thecrow led them down crooked paths thateven
the Theurges could not retrace, and they feared that
ifthe spirit led them wrong, they would become lost
Bur from a distance they soon heard growls nnd roars
— the sound of Garou combat. Hurrying now, they
searched everywhere for the source of the cries, but
could not find them. The crow spirit circled rest-
lessly, and cried out that someone had hidden the
arou from them, to bar their rescue,

All despaired that their friends would be killed
before they could arrive, for already howls of pain
could be heard. And then Crescent Vision, the Star-
sgazer who had won his way among the brother's tribes,
guieely shifted to wolf form and sniffed about, looking
with his keen eyes for any sign or track of the sojourn-
ets. Finally, he caught a glimmer of moonlight as
reflected in water, and knew the secret. Their fellows
were near; in a glade, one whose entrance was hidden
by some dark Bane power.

Crescent Vision felcachill, and new that the time
2» long ago prophesied had come, He shifced to battle
form and threw himself at the place where he had seen
the glimmer of light, Luna's way of aletring him to the
tlade. He burst through into the glade, but only by
shartvering the mysterious mirror thathad been placed
there to reflece back the image of the Moon Path,
hiding the true glade. A mirror of silver. es shards
sliced throug him, and he fell othe ground, bleeding
his life into the sail af the glade,

The others changed after him and eame upon
the swarm of Wyrm creatures that beset the lost
Garou, who fought against the greater numbers,
trying to protect the huddled Kinfolk they had
traveled so far to rescue. The fresh Garou forces

leapt upon the startled Wyrm things and soon made

beings tw shreds so fine that not even the Banes
among them could later reform.

The Theurges bent over the dying body of Cres-
cent Vision and tried everything they knew to save
him, but what Chimera prophesied longago had to be
It was his time to die. He whispered to them one final
wisdom: "I have stood upon the grassof the Pure Lands,
and am whole, Do this one thing for me, as my final
wish: close the Moon Bridge behind me so that none
snay follow you again into this land, Forthe thing that
wrought this clever trap is a creature of guile and

Chapter One: The Long Walk

—_ i

defilement, far more cunning
Wyrm you have known. Clase the gat
cannot come fo the new lands.

Theysolemaly howledadirgefortheir dead friend,
who had proved himself so many times on their long
journey, und they bore his body back with them, The
sojourners,glad to ec their friends again, but sadkeried
by the lossaf the Stargazer hero, were relieved wo
their Kin home safe. All theie wounds were tended to
and the packs went home, once again led by the crow

When they came again to their new caera, the
crow spoke once mote: "hollow the final wisdom of
Crescent Vision. The Enemy knows you are here, snd
will send reinforcements through this place, to
‘new corruption to this land even as you have brought
new hope." The spirit then disappeared, and was seen
no more in the Pure Lands

Afcerlong council, the Three Beothersagrees that
icwasso. They remaved the Pathstone from the caem,
¢ rites of purity there, so that it would
cof succor for spirits. They then moved
their people further east and south, beginning once
gain the migration.

Crescent Vision was buried at the caern, and it
is said that his spirit haunted that place for a long
time, glad irwas to he so near the land he had fought
so hard ro achieve. But now the caern is gone, und
so is the memory of Crescent Vision, Too few sing
his songs now,

Settling the New Lands

Now that there was no common threat to bind
them, the Three Brothers took their awn peoples in
different directions, each diawn to his own inter s
each with the desire to explore and find his own
thing, for the years of travel had been hard on them,
and they often bickered and fought, Time apart
would strengthen their bond, drawing them once
again back to these they loved but could not now be
near without conflict. Is this not the way with all
brothers? They will fight one another and leave in
anger, but eventually come hack, remembering only
the good thingy and forgetting the bad

So the three tribes, each named after the great
totem spirit who guided it, traveled deeper into the
Pure Lands. Atfirst, Older Brother and Middle Brother
traveled together, but Little Brother stayed behind.
His tribe had suffered the worst of all, and their rage
only made the hurt worse them. Even with the
bridge to the old country now gone, Wyrm-creatures
still climbed from the sea tah
Little Brother stayed to defend a

pect of the
so that it

bring


a
|

ae AA

angry Wendigo spirit refused to leave the northern,
lands now covered in icy stiow and beset with fierce
winds fram his roars. Only Little Brother could calm
hhim, and the Uktena and Croatan tribes could not
withstand the harsh weather for long.

As they spread south, they would stay in certain
places for a time, and there they would dedicate new

aemns. It was easier todo in those times, in thase lands
then, for they were sill pure, and even where monsters
had wounded places, they healed quickly. At each
cacm, same of the Wolf Changers would stay and
crayel forward no more. They had carmed their new
vevandl sought to defend it for many generations to
come. Others, however, would still move on.

In this way, the Kinfolk of the ehrve tribes spread
far and wide. While the humans developed their own.
nations, the tribes stayed near their cams. In this way,
no one tribe could easily lain a whole human nation
for its Kin. As the humans moved through a eaerni
lands, the G
thove that later moved on. In this way, manynew!
Changers were born far from their pareatsyin many
human ations an encoun eaas
same was so with wolves, for farand'
in those Ce when there were no boundaries of

Sounetimsis young Garo
wolf had noone to tuto,
anal they would have titra
of their true farity, fea I
tribe they had beast pean ver ioe
Rites of Passage in themselves, and ofteneamed tl ele
young Garou her name, fla,

As Older Brother and Middle Brotheniéraveled
furthiersnith,even theyiell tobickering. Older Brother
was fascinated with the mountains and deserts the
Uktena scouts had seen further south, and he wanted
wo trav Middle Brother, however, yearned for
the plains and woodkands the Croatan scouts spoke of,
and knew chat it was to these places he had to go

And 10 the two eldest brothers parted from one

ach brother, some members of the other's tribe also
went, so that some Croatan Garou went to the south-
‘west and later flourished on the west coast, while some
Uktena went east, and came to love the deep moun
tains of coves af the southeast.

were not always peaceful for the nomial
had been summoned to the Pure Lands for
ason, t protect them from the Wyrm before it
could corrupt the land's purity. And this they did, with
vengeance. Forevery loss they had sustained on thelr

Croatan Song

fs long journey, for every slight the Wyrn's forces had

LE ST TE ae IT

rou there would breed with chem even

delivered upon them, for every scar they had received,
they now gave back tenfold,

The Wyrm-things that lived in the Pure Lands
‘were not always smurt. Most of them were creatures of
might and terror, not cunning magicians the clever
enemies came later, as the Wyrm leamed to more
cleverly deal with the new warriors. But for now, the
Beast. of War was the strongest aspect of the Wyrm in
these lands, and it knew only how co rage in angry
destruction against things,

The Garou foughe many a hattle against its mon
stets, most often killingthem or chasing them faraway.
But some were too powerful w kill, and had co be
cchained to a place, bound with mystical rites, Older
Brother was best at these, and uught some of the
secrets of binding to the others, but he never revealed

egest secrets. Not because he was stingy or

the others. Older Brother
fs from the houible visions
places whe

Gurahl werebears. era
‘ever creatures ne:
mien had fewer

The other shapechan;

fers killed what-
ae the Wyrm-

- oF not like the Wolf

Changers frst Pheereeats were selfish and wanted

tobe the ones to save the PaneLands themselves. They
were jealous that Gaia had ealléd upon the Wolves to
save her, But while they had performed well against
the creatures before the arrival of the Garou, they were
too few, and would not work with others.

‘The Gurahl were even fewer. Bur they did whar
they could, for they werestrong and steadfast, but they
‘were alsoslow to respond toa problem, and arrived too

Jace many times, In addition, their rites kept them
lousy, und if they faltered in these rites, cven gecates

trouble would beset the Pure Lands. If it weren't for
their diligence, things would have been much worse
for the Garoa when they arrived,

Croatan Lands

The Croatan followed their totem, the Turtle,
and their element ie thus Earth. He gave them theit

renowned qualities of sturdiness, stoicism, whole:
ness, fulfillment and balance. While the Uktena are
known for their secrets and bindings, andthe Wendigo
for their rage and prowess, the Croatan's inystical


AZ

legacy was purification. They knew ways to purify the
carth of the Wyrm's taint, and their cacms are still
the purest to this day even though no Croaran has
tended them in centuries.

Their Gifts were of the earth, and its power ran
serong through thei. ‘They could move the earth at
will, or become one with it. These powets aided them
reatuces, aul they often used
them together with the Ukcena to build holes in which
tobind Banes, or with the Wendigo to harry theit foes
can the ground of in the sky.

As time passed, the human Kin of the tribes
discovered their own ways, and became quite differe

ent ftom one another. Each place changed them, anid

gave them new ideas and ways to live with the lan
While the Garou who lived among them could
them, they could nocalwaysconcrol themajfhie Th
Brothers always preferted to let theiniKin do w/
they wanted, as long as it did not anger Gaia of Hh
spirits. Besides, they were too few ° Kinito

many to fully watch over.

shumnansin the

ihe Wolf Changers had giver
cherished the traditions of their
ways came to them,

The Mound Builder

With the coming of the Garou in mh ni
Wyrm-creatures fled further south as the Wolf
ers advanced. The humans living there suffered bs
before the Garou came and lived among them.
humans furthest south, where no Garou had yer co
had it the worst t

The Gauntlet was not very strong in the Pute
Lands, Sometimes, even a human could wander int®
the spirit world without knowing it, of spitits could

come into the physical world disguised as people or
animals. Most of the time, this was a. wonderful

thing, and most humans paid great respect to the
spirits because of it. But in some places, where the
Wyrm-spirits were most numerous, it could be very
bad for the humans

Of all the Garou tribes, only a few members of the
Uktena went farthest south, into Mexico and beyond,
but this was only after a long w! vo lace to help
some of the humans there.

OF course, humans are not always completely
helpless. Some among them were powerful shamans,

un. While they anil
% brethren, new

Chapter One:

LA TT

ves the humans fon get into

whose powers rivaled those of the greatest Garou and
whom even the spirits respected or feared. Many such
shamans also helped in the battle against evil, al
though nota few of them thought that the Garou were
cevil and battled them, too.

This was the way of things especially in the
place today called Mexico. There, th
ured of the power spirits had over che:
worked to prevent it. Without Garou to defend
them from the Wyrm, they had to come up with
theirown ways. Of course, they chose the Weaver us
their ally, asmost humans do, forshe isever ready te
aid them even though other beings know better
‘than to seek her aid.

After @ long time and much work, the shamans
‘g9t the people around them to believe as they did
Which frearly helped ro empower their spells. They

inipeetic
seme
ee ae ici own willpower, and by invit
ning the Weaver, ie the hearts of their peuple,
They also.buflt huts of stone, and from there
Aeatned to build pyramids to remove themselves from
"the ground ghd/come closer to the heavens, which
"they reveigd Their calendar was not completely of
their ouiking. for it was heavily influenced by the
ind thus by the spirits who fucled those
are ever jealous of the neamess earth spirits
e to humans. With the human shamans' aid, they
ted themselves above spirits who were the his
ins' neighbors. In this way did foreign spirits who
Dies far away and whose influence was weak over
"€ome the local spirits of the p
‘Their greatest spirit, though, was mighty indeed,

for ic was Helios, the Sun. They revered hitn above all
‘othor celestial lights, and dedicated their prayers ¢

"him. They believed it was he who gave them life, and
sustained it. Typical humins. Yes, Helios does sustain

out lives and enlivens the plants that feed us, but he
docs not give life. That is Grandmother's wit. Only the
Earth Mother can do such a thing. These humans hi
forgotten all about Her.

The people who followed these ways were not
always happy. They believed life was cruel. Who
could blame them? The Wyrmn-spirits had made
things tough for them. But no more. Now, their

23

The Long Walk

yy,


|

so I LS

magic protected them by ordering the days of their
lives and telling them what to do.

They wared upon one another eventually, sind
some of them moved northwards, coming into the
landsof the Croatan Kinfolk, along the Gulf Coastand
up the Mississippi River. There they built new pyra-
mids and brought some of their ways to the humans
living there, including the Croavan's Kin.

These people frum the south highly valued com-
merce, and built strong trade friendships with the
Jocatls, giving them beautiful crafts in reeurn for hides
and meat. Things were good between the two peoples
So god that some imitated the ways of the neweo
ers, and began to build their own human-made moun-
tains, mounds of all shapes and sizes farther north. The
‘Weaver had its webs in them now.

How seductive she is! Today wean look back and
see what went wrong, bur things weren'tso clear then,
noteven forthe Croatan: All this Wei
pretty good. for it improved theit lives
hurt the land much, at feast not so others could see the
damage within their lifetimes,

And there was another ching they brought with
them — perhaps the greatest Weaver power of ll, but
cone that had been blessed by Gaia. A totem spiriteame
with cheit gifts: com, When the newcomers brought
cornvand the ways to plant it with them, they changed
many of the lifeways of those around them. While they
saw the corn a.a good fond, the Croatan also saw the
good spirie who brought it: Corn Woman.

Curious about this oddly abundant crop, a few
Garou went into the spitit world two seek the truth oft,
and there mer Corn Woman, a beautiful maiden of
golden light and sweet smell. She was horh a daughter

fv and a Weaver-spirit, and she came from the
green earth, but had given to humans the rites by
which they could bring forth her children, Like an
Animal Elder whe oversaw the population of its chil-
dren in the physical world, Gorm Woman. became
concemed that the humans had forgotten how to
honorher children as the gift they were; they took the

greatly impressed by the spirit, swore
shar they would teach their Kin to remember to thank
the spitts for each yield, and to always honor Corn
Woman as long as they ire her children. If not,
droughts would haunt their lands.

And so the Croatan were among those who spread
the ways of planting to their Kin, Pethaps no other
festival was so beloved by them as the potlatcly, the
harvest ceremony whereby a great chief gives alt his
foo touthers, along with other goods: Yousec, trading
was not about money and power hack then. A chief

Po] Croatan Song

a ais i,

collected goods so that he could give them avay, and
tise highly in the estimation of his people. They were
obligated to him not by fear of power, but honor and
respect for what he did for them. Leadership was
eamed. Trading was another way to gain good things
tw give to others, Where was the evil in this?

Tt-was there all right, but hidden deep. It took a
long time before the Croatan finally found it, and by
then it had spread. Not even Helios had seen it, for it
had learned to hide from his light.

How it came to be was thus: One of the great
shamansamong the humans who maintained the rites
that kept the people safe from che spirit world had a
vision from his gods one day. These gous wanted blood
to drink. Ever fearful of the gods, and knowing thae
they must be appeased, the shaman gathered slaves
together and gave their blood in sacrifice to the god.
‘After that, the sun shone brighter and the crops grew
etter. Orso it seemed.

The pructice of spilling blood continued for years,
but iewas not enough. Blood made the gods hunger for
‘more, for there is much power in blood but als much
yearning, and once the caste of icgets in you, never will
it go away. They wanted hearts now, for these organs
pumpedthe blood,and had the most ofitin them. And
sothe shamans cut out the hearts of theirsaerifices and
gave them to the gods in great rites,

‘What they did nor know was thatitwasall arick.
‘They served the Weaver, the creator of order against
the Wyld chaos. What chey did not know was that she
was already corrupt, for che Wyrm lay wrapped in a
cocoon in: her heart, and whispered thoughts to her
that she believed to be her own. So when the Wyrm
demanded blood. so too did she. And all her ses
wanted the same, from Jagglings w Gafilings and even
torems that followed her, Only Com Woman resisted,
but not all her spirits did, for some places still demand
blood for theit vorn to grow.

It got so bad that one of the Leeches came to live
among them, and they believed himagod amongmen,
forblood washis power, asitwasfortheir gods. But that
tsunocher story, This evil one did noccome north, and
‘was not seen by the three tribes of Garou.

"The practice of blood sacrifice traveled north to
the pyramid people who lived near the Croatan, and
they tried to capture the people of the nearby hunting
nations fortheirsucrifices. Nolonger could te Croatan
ignore the corruption, no matter how many good
thingscame of friendship with these peoples. Butt was
hard, for some Croatan had been born among these
people, for they had married Kinfolk, and had become
Kinfolk themselves.


The Croatan wordered how te rent the evil
withourkilling their own Kin. Unlike Garouin the old
country, they did not like to punish their Kin too
harshly; they preferred instead ro teach lessons by
which the Kin would Tear on their own, and choose
the right ways of their own will. W re, they
feared to bring war, for that would only spill blood.
This would sutely give even more power to the evil
growing among them.

So they sent a cunning Theurge to spy our this
blood sacrifice and discover how it might be ended
throug ther than war. It was Three Scurs
who went, and he was already known tothe humans,
althou not know his secret, which was
thathe wasonc of the Wolf Changers, They though
hima shaman from the north, and respected his for
his power and wisdom. Eage w him their new

him to the
they would kill eaprured people
and give blood to th ds #0 thar ths

op of their pyramid

on the proper day ordained for the rite, and waited

with them as people were broug 0 the

slab of stone they had erected for that purpose.

itched the sacrifices ea: + hungry

ight of blood; it had already corrupted

No one saw as Three Scars disappeared from

pyramid, gone as if he was never there. He had

epped into the spirit world, to scry the truth

what really happened

‘And there he saw the creatute, the black snake

coiled beneath the rock, venom dripping fro
fangs, waiting for its new meal, ly, The
Seats knew that to attack it would or

yyshe wasno Ahroun, and could not easily kill it
poke to it
hty snake, your meal is soon coming, {
» briny icte you. Will you help me serve
you better!"
The snake slide from under the rock to look at
ing incently at him. The
Theurge was in his human form, and wore none of bi
fetishes, so nobody could rece
snake then looked about, promised meal
‘Where iss it?" the sna
"Iris coming. Ir must first he prepared through the
proper rites. Tell me, ob snake, how did y
power af blood? I would never have the
cunning way to power myself
"Yess," the snake smiled. "Humanss are sstupid
Youdo not even know what lam, yet you feed me."

25


|

we 1h

"But I wish to know you better," Three Sears says.
"Is ie not proper to first feed a guest before asking him
t0 tell his story?"

The snake smiled again, "Your wayss are sso inno
cent. Eussy co corrupt. Ssee how | hide my purposse in
your simple hosspitality

"Ah," said Three Scars. "You ate wise, Tell me
your purpose, since I am the only one here. I can help
you achieve it better if {knows it."

‘The snake narrowed its eyes, "Ignorance, That iss
my sshadow. You wissh to ssce pass it. Why?"

"Lhave seen your cunning. Youhide in plain sight

uspects you. This isa great power. How ean T

Ifissh," the siuuke said, satisfied: "You lust
for power, even if it cosstss your people thelrssoulss,
Hike you."

‘Thesnakeslid over to Three Scarsand climbed up

his leg, wrapping himself around his torso, All
while Three Sears stood still, pretending ty
snake. He was secretly preparing his 01

en. While hiss brothers ss
ssilent, sso tha a

slits head

"did not know 7 a ol
"Yess, It és three: Tb ther, Beast of War
Middle Brother, Eater of Souls, And Older Brit

my muster, Defiler." ya

‘Three Scars froze in fear. This was somiething he
hhad not heard before, chat no one in the Pure Lands
knew of. To them, the Wyrm was an evil beast of
comuption, but one that knew rage more than cun-
ning But now the Wyrm mocked them — it had
become three shadows of the Three Brothers, What
did this mean?

"toe 1 have only ead of your ansuer's Hue
brother before, I have not heard of the others."

"OF coursse nor. The Eater of Ssoulss is yet to
comme. He will eat the Wolvess' Middle Brother, and
then devour the Pure Lands. My masster will rile over
what is left."

‘Three Scars could take no more. He was more
afraid now than he had ever been, for no one had been
1 close to such a cunning evil as he had. The snake
sensed his fear and smiled, and tightened his coils to
strangle the inquisitive human. But Three Sears was

26 Croatan Song

ready, and he shifted into wolf form. As his body
dropped and changed shape, the snake could not wrap
its coils quickly enough around this new, lithe body
Three Scars burst free and ran into the spirit world,
calling for his allies and any spirit who would aid him
The snuke was quick, though. Its slow move-
ments before had been a ruse. It now slid across the
Umbral ground like a sled across snow, and he bit at
the heels of the fleeing wolf. But in its anger to slay
the Garou, it forgot where its true power lay: in
hiding. Now in plain sight, and following upon a
howling wolf, all the nearby spirits could hear it, and
came to see what was happening.

A Corax, one of the Raven-brothers, flew by and
shor downward tanip at the enake. Ite beak: pierced the
scales and the snake Jeapt back, coiling in a spiral,
ready to spring. at the Raven on its next di

hi «d out to the Raven: "Stay away
This thing will be

Umbrascape. Three Scars
pack was on its.w;

ents, it coils

as if they were being

ns did not know what

was happening unci the sue Wes yore: AM tht was

leftwasahole in theground, Ithad dugits way into the
carth to escape.

As his packmares came running up, Three Sears
explained what had happened, and pointed 10 the
hole, which was already sealing up with earth from
below. It was too ke: the enemy had escaped

The pack returned to home and called Grand

inviting Crontan from all over, and they
even called upon the Uktena and Wendiga tribes,
for this dark prophecy of the Wyrm concerned
them all. The three tribes were disturbed that the
Wyrm had imitated the legendary brothers; this
wasa mockery that had greater purpose than insult
alone. What did it mean?

The time had come where feat for dhcir owe Kin
could no longer prevent the Croacan from acting.
‘They had to destroy this evil influence and send it out
of their lands,


ee A

Sorely this hurt them, for they had come to love
many of the humans' ways themselves. The leader of
he humans was powerful shaman, called the Brother
of the Sun, and he had aught the Croatan many
secrets af He so that many in the cribe naw

1s of the

revered the Sun over the Moon. Mer

Uktena a

Wendigo had been visited by Luna and
no good could come of this, for Wolf
to hunt by night, where the sun could
ine. Older Brother and Lietle Brother remem
d their duty to Middle Brother, and now warned
the Croatan to thank the Sun but co ally with hisn n
onger, and to return t0 Luna,

Changers

now saw the wisdom of this,
and knew they had done wrong. If they had not heen
so concerned with the day, perhaps the night would
not have become so dark.

save their Kin from coo 1
feared the an
surely never believe chat all the ways he had brought
Whispeople were tainted, They began to wonder ifhe
were tainted himself

Ie was because of him, the Brother ofthe Su
so many people had come fr
mounds.

hat
om so far to live neat the
incall
id every evening. It

them, for they

‘Thousands of campfires could be
¢ main py
ways that brow

directions from
wis: his 9

consid ly, and wanted to be nearhis besed
dwelling.

Before bringing
the Brother of the:
important Kin, thos
wall: blood,
contup'
of the families packed their thing

This did indeed anger the
for he knew thar th
Wolf Chs
sent their Kin away. He
Cr

powers of their own against

they tell cheir mo
har knew the secret of

ave these lands, to travel to whete it

was unknown. In che following days, many

and fe

her of the Sun

and wondered why the tribe new

ded that one of the

people the days of their calendar
He told the Bi
with the Wyrm, and the evil
ingly unleashed. The shaman was
the Wolf C
discov
Three Sc
took the
hhim co withdraw

her of the Sun of his en

fhaman had

enraged. Hi
thathe had
himself, were evil! In his anger, he struck
s, knocking him down, The Crostan pack
labo form and circled about him, warning
allow therm to leave. No more

tell hirn that his-w

would the Croatan te tin his ways

ty. for
them

The Brother of the Sun, now supremely ai

his pride was strong, called to Helios and tol


SS

ee aA,

ain now forsook him,runningtohissister
instead. He then summoned down a 9 .
threw i¢ into Three Scars, Flames consumed the brave
Garou, His pack leapt to him and rolled him over the
earth, trying to put out the fire, but it could not be
sinothered. Finally, as the Garon was nearly dead, the
Brother of the Sun withdrew his fire, leaving Three
Scars weak and unable to move from the pi

Well, the shaman was wise in many things, and
powerful. But he had lived in peace with the Croatan
for too long, and never even seen the Croatan's
brothers, especially Little Brother af the north. [fhe
had, perhaps then he would not have dane 90 a
terrible thing to Three Scars. Perhaps then he would
have known of the rage of the Garou, and have
known co fear it,

Three Scars' pack could not control their own
anger, and this insult was too much. In the
takes fora hurnmingbird to flap its wings but
the Garou were upon the shaman, in full ba
their claws and teeth tearing his fles
devours a deer.

Bur he wis powerful, as had beet
Bloody, histhroar
made a wall of

hing their rage
ly wounded Thre:

Spirit world before thes

To hide their eseay

in the sun, and was

only the moon shone

Te was over. The Croaran had te de
Brother of the Sun before he could dest
‘mans. War raged all throughout the shaman's lands.
Kinfotk fought their former neighbors, and Croatan
fought the shaman' aides, che priests to whom he had
taught yome of his power. And the human tribes from
outside the lanids with whom the mound people had
traded, now tured against them; no more would their
people be snciftexd.

Working with their brother tribes, the Croatan
plunned over many nights what was to be done next,
sand they carefully chose the packs that would achieve
their aim, Many packs spread throughoue all the lands
nearby, to the north and sauth, everywhere there was
a pyramid or even a mound. Unknown ro the humans
they cept there at the ede ofthe woods and in the
‘Uinbra, preparing themselves for the moment when
the moon rose above the horizon.

Acthat time, from all over, at the same moment,

the Garou used their Giftsyiven them hy Turtle They

ime it

shook their fetish ratles and banged theiespiriedrums.
Te was a great noise they made, and much power did
they unleash, Turtle himself stirred at the racket and
aided their own Gifts by shaking his back.

The very earth rocked and quaked throughout the
region. The pyramids shook and crumbled. The mounds
opened and fell into chasms, Water rose out of the
earth and floeded the plains. The people ran and
screamed, for never before had they seen or heard such
a nightmare. The very ground beneath them rebelled
against them, and swallowed many of them up. or the
raging water swept thera away. So chaotic wa it, that
vena few Garou were crushed, for they had gotten too
close to the earthshaking in their reckless rage.

‘The Brother of the Sun was not scen again, al
though nv one knew for sure what had become of him,
Was lve taken ino the earth ike o many others! Or

le uth, whence his people had fitst

smicsorlivencartheold
standing were aban-
Be by those thar had
survived. Some sour influence must have remained,
because the earthshaking would come again, during
the 19th century; perhaps there was a Bane bound
during the seruggles that most of us have forgotten,
something chat will try to break free again
But chat wasa long way off. The Croatan Kinfolk
adjusted again to.amore proper way of living, one less
beholden to the Weaver. Few humati nations still
remember these times, for so great was the turmoil
that much lore was lost, Some stories remained,
though, such as among the Natches, who still bore
the seed of the Croatan secretly in the blood, until
the time the Croatan died,

The Sacrifice

This world is full of sorrow. While there are many
wonders und joys, they are made bitter by the losses
that we withstand. None know more of loss than the

Croatan Song

hag men


eae ed LS

Uktena and Wensigo, forthey have lost their beloved
brothers among the Croatun, and can never be whole
again until there spirit returns.

This scory has been told of late, for the Wendigo
once more sing it in their moots after years of bitter
silence. The story of Wanchese's great army and their
battle against the Eacer-ofSouls. Their victory cost
them their lives, though, and the lives of all the
Croatan who did not fight.

‘You sce, the Croaran had long worried aver the
prophecy of the dark snake, that the Eater-of-Souls
wouldone day come and devour them. They thought
that if they foughe ir first, they could win out over
the prophecy, Bur ir was not roo be. The Eater did
not eat them. though. They died. but not in its
The Wyrm lied.

Or did it? Some whisper that the Eater
amongusnow, feedingourrige. [think tharis
can do that well enough on our own without it.

‘What has not yet been told isthe tales
Croatan who could not make it to the gi
on the eastern shore. There were m;
especially on the west coast, who ¢
so far, and some that even,

were as the walking

shunned them, as

feared to touch, No mi r

Gifts, and as the days 6

Croatan walk the Umbra, They died withou
shadows of their former glory: Their Kinfall

more youngCroatan, no matter how many generations
passed. Their legacy wis death,

Only their brothers remembered them, hur even
they feared to speak too loudly of chem, keeping their
songs close to their heart but far from their mouths.
Only at special moots was their story told, and even,
then, too many tearsand sorrowsusually prevented the
whole tale from bemg sung.

The Ukrena and Wendiga tribes slowly took
over whuit Croatan eaerns they could, to maintain
them and keep them from taint, but they could not
take them all, Some were left abandoned, and were
eventually forgotten. Even today, notall are known,
Do they still
European Garo, whe to this day know little of
those that consecrated their sacred places for them,
later claimed some caerns. It is time they knew. It is

time they also sing the Croatan Song.

Hey ya

Hey ya

Thank you, ancestors

Your song was strong

And has made well my heart

Hey ya

Hey ya

In' time for other stories. Stories about the other
tribes, che Ukcena and Wenuligo, Iris their time now.
Middle Brother is gone, and they must bearthe burden
of defending the Pure Lands. But against so many!

Yew tired now, and will no longer sing. Let other
voices take my place.

The Middle Times

sethe pipe and let my words ascend with the
ke so hey are seen two be true. Spiritsafearth
iran » atme! Spirits of the
fs Qhardians of the forest

villages of our Kinfoll
lands, In this time, game
rich-and our

tell many intettelated we of them speak of
our Kinfolk, some of our brothers and some tell of
Ukrena triumphs and sorrows. These are the tales
told in winter, when the snows and ice make outside
work difficult, for our Kin never told stories in sui
mer. Then there was too much to do, tox many tasks
that needed finishing. Stories told in summer were
foolish things, jokes and silly rales useful only for
entertaining small chikiren. Those told im winter
spoke of heroes, of our people's coming to new places,
of great hattles or alliances, of feasts we hosted and
trophies we wok. They spoke of our lives and our
friends and families and of the monsters we fought ot
bound. Respected elders told such tales and all knew
that true telling was in them. The stories in my bag
are trae winter tales. Heed them if you will

Je was int this way, then:

Chapter One: The Long Watk 29

ime tention 4/4


be
|

ee AA

The Southeast

ame of the People who were Kinfolk to the
Uktena traveled « long way over the years, stopping
there and there for xome to settle while the rest moved
onward. We Uktena and a few Croaran who lodged
with us traveled alongside them to keep them safe-an
their journeys, Unlike the whites tha
did nor travel from sunsise to sunset, but from the west.
We crossed the Father of Waters, which you eall the
Mississippi River, and traveled east.

Awhite dog and a leaning staff led us. This was act
just any staff, bur one of great, sacred power. It be-
Jonged to our great shaman who was called Chacta. He
hhadseen inadream that we would follow the white dog
and che seaff would cell uswhen we ry
that was to be ours. Each
the staff into the ground. E
be found! leaning us though poifiting toward che
The dog would arise and move eastward, Wey
follow, And then one morning, we awoke ri find ana
the staff remained upright and the dog was desl: Now!
some say that this was no dog, but s whit Mfione of
the spirit brothers se Fenn say
whar the ruth Fane
and the Ancestof-spirits do HOt say.

Our people. ta celeten irse hulle
aasnered mound as we had been taught to doin the wit.
1t was culled namih waiya or "leaning mound"
stood where the staff finally rested. Here we eamig t0 |
meet together for council and forgiving thanlgind
speaking to the spirits,

It has been told of the cleansing of thedmoukd
builder folk, how they fled back into the woods,
when the Garou frightened them from their tainted )
mounds. The leaning mound was not affected in
such a way. Our Kinfolk continued to us¢ it in éhiet |
ings until long after the coming OF
id despoiled the larids arid be
the sickness to our people.

Near to the leaning mound, but hidden wichitr
woods, we discovered one of Gaia's holy places. Many
fine wolf packs lived nearby and we joyfully merged
with them as new and vital Kinfolk. Guarded by spirits
ofthe woodlands, the Mother'ssacred spot hekd within
it an ancient spreading oak, a split rock che size of a
council house and a spring of pure water that fell over
aseriesof tiny ledges to forma stepping stone waterfall
There we batyained with the spirits for their help and

vpened our caer. The Sept of the Council Rock
becume a great force in our Kinfolk's lives as we
the area of bad influences and kept monsters
ickingournation's people. Thus they were left

our new home

to trend to theirdaily lives, planting crops.and build-
ing homes, meeting in council, holding festivals and

ing the game you now call lacrosse. Those who
won the games achieved much honor for themselves
and their town. Despite rivalnies, especially with the
Chickasaw who thought they should control the river,
our people led peaceful lives of work and trade.

Not all Wolf Changers were $6 forrunare ais we
were, Our Choctaw Kin numbered in the thousands
and spread throughout southern Mississippi, western
Alabama and eastern Louisiana. Of course, the lands

‘were ngtiknown by those names then, nor did we
ackniledge boundaries except those formed by the
\ hunting tind croplands claimed by each encampment.

|, Manyether narionsalsorraveled tothe southeast,

Though some claimed that their people had always

fbeen there, Chickasaw, Cherokee and many smaller
ne known as the Creeke al founde:

Jements in Missisippi, Tennes-

' icky, North Carolina, South Caro-

and Georgia. Later, those Creeks who lived in

ames would form # separate nation

Many Seminole ultimately butle
"Taagelives in Fl a on
‘call these nations the-Five @\Vilized Tribes, for they

dived in settled communities, had their own govern-
‘ents and mdulged in trade with one another.

Of the cacens that were opened near the settle-
ments dfithese Kinfolk, four were of major signifi-
n as the Web of Sacred Stone, they
jork of power and purity thar held the
16 Poisoncr-of Rivers captive. Four great
lefeom each sept, forced the on
limestene cave and hound ir there with great nnd
tertible rites, The Sept of the Green Stone, a sept
founded by kin of the Chickasaw, sent a famous
Warrior. From the Sept of the Crystal, a caern in
‘Creek lands, came a powerful Shaman. We of the
Sept of the Council Rock contributed our most
‘puissant Law Giver and the Sepr of the Heart's
Blood, a garnet-filled cavern elaimed by the Chero-
kee, offered their uot curious Trickster. To-
ether, these four defeated the Poisoner. The Trick-
ster taunted the Bane, making it follow him co the
site they had chosen. The Warrior held it at hay
until itentered its tomb. The Shaman bound it with
mighty medicine and the Law Giver pronounced its
doom over itand secured the final bindings.
four Songkeepers, each from one of the septs, made
«ugreat'song about the binding so none would forget
‘our glory and responsibility

For long and weary years the four septskept guard
over Poisoner-of Rivers, renewing the bindines and

Croatan Song

teins 4/4


et ft

working together even when their Kinfolk were at war from us when we offered them no harm
with one another. Thatchanged only with thecoming were very bad men, for they took yur food und wi
ofthe Wyrmbringers to ourlands, Wesingalamentfor nothing inreturn. Theydid not wark thefickisorr
what was lost when Middle Brother was lain battling pots or help in ather ways, They said instead that they
Enter-of-Souls and we how! a mournful song for the were protecting us, though always before we had pro-
los of our lands and our Kinfolk who were forced from tected ourselves from raiders or else left owe enouigh
their homes and sent away to die, thar they would take fe and go,
‘Theit priests cold us of their white god and how his
‘The Southwest own peoplehadkilled him. Hissacrifice saved them, s0
Theard mastofthisstory from my mother'smother they said, which they thought made him a great go.
who claims she wasn gitl when ichappened. Tam nor We eould noc understand, Had the god'sdeath brought
certain | believe her, bucherstory tells much nonethe- rain fogetops! Did it make a river flow that had dried
Jess. She tells her tale thus: The people were out in the up! We haidheard before of the sacrifice the Mexicans
fields and before their dwellings when. ey saw and \ maile, feliting our men's hearts to make themselves
heard the approach of many people. scronger anidiore prosperous und to uppease their
were oddly dressed with gleaming, Dlood-hungry gods. We did not understand, but we
rode upon beasts like none we hi gsought che wise and peaceful way and agreed to learn
creatures with long legs and bout. thelrgod since they thought him so important.
weapons — long knives and ifpeary = aad ca We did noc knowachen what a mistake that would be
strangely shaped sticks as well. Late sesame Always we sought the even way, smoothing the
co know the ord sticks as guns, |) bi before planting and clearing the ground before
Hooked up from grinding the compamlag Jour dances. Accepting the Spanish god was like that
sedhtwshytve them as our neighbors, even

men coming into the village THe
down to speak 1p sheeple Leoule:not be in their
i jt p my food, and so

the tongue'
ve tried to accept their god and think of him

stand what they were saying, We were told 1 ne
were the Spanish, the same evil men-who hud killed | gore like our own gods. Thar was notenough for them.

so many. in other areas looking for gold in se¥en |) The Spanish insisted that we give up our own goxls
cittes called Cibola. We had never heard of these | and stojiour rituals. How foolish they were! Our
places, for we were m peaceful people lvervankesgave us strength as u people and pleased

‘The elders of the village, among whord |
those of the Wolf Changers who were our bg kin,
met and decided thar the parh of wisdom wis }
the tavaders and learn whut drove theta. THF al lear
we would have to move from our homes 49 thatthe )
new people could take them for their owp, Th
my family had lived in our part of the vill
generations, we packed our belongings and went £9)

fe with my father's sister's family, Once we Were) They tortured and killed our people, trying to
away from the ones who smelled so badly, the priests" force us to love their dead sod. They tuok our people
came and told us that we were being wise. We would for slavesand destroyed out fields. They took our food
not fight the maral conte and eo we would not die. and lefe none for us,
did not believe them. Many yeuts before traders from We:had had enough. ‘Though our-peopile had
a village where the Spanish hud been came to our ever tried to assert themselves aver our neighbors,
village. While here, they sickened and died and the poy we all joined tagether to fight the bad Wyrm.
prlestscoukddonothing. Soon, halfourvillogeswelled smelling men. Now { found why it was | had always
and died from the spots that brought fever. We were smelled the foulness in them, for | went through my
very afraid for we thought they would loose their First Change. We fought from atop one of our holy
Sickness-spirits at us again, places, a mesa they did not know well. Many villages

‘Thisdid not happen, but they built an ugly shrine and their Wolf-brothers came together to fy
to their evil dead god and changed our eld homes 0 Wyrm-men. And we won, We made them leave our
they could "defend" themselves, At least that iswhat place, the place given tos to live in and eae for, and
they said. Why would they need todefend themselves jx hack to the wuth. ft would be many vears before

\ pittgods so thar rhey sencus rain and preserved us. Our

di the Mother for her generosity, We
aoe to theit foolishness and then we
Yow vicious the metal coats were. We had
realized they were evil men with only greed in thei
hearts, bur we had hoped they would lean feom us.
Now wesaw thucthe Wyrm lay coiled within them and
they would nor east it from them.

Chapter One: The Long Walk 3

i 4


ee A

they returned in grearer force and by then, we had
moved to another place. They would not again find us
as easy to overtake, for we had indeed learned some-
thing fram them, We would never again live so openly
as we hid; now we built our homes ina way that we
could defend ourselves from our so-called neighbors.

The Western Coast

The story of our Kinfolk, the Miwok, hasbeen told
bymiyfatherandhisfatherand grandfather before him.
Icis a tale of a strong people scattered and how they
danced to become one again,

In the beginning times we hunted for the Mother's
hounry along the many streams and rivers. We were
‘prosperousand traded amengourmanyeettlements When
the Spanish Wyrm carriers came they brought their sharp
swonds, loud guns and! many diseases with them, Those of
may people that they didn't kill, chey tried to enskive.

Later, when the Spanish of the southlands came,
our Kinfolk tried to ally with thera, helping to drive
away the Mexican. When the warwas finished und our
people victorious, the white men betrayed us, saurder-
ing ws and scartering us ftom our homes.

We would have lost ournames then except forthe
words of the great prophet Chiplichu, He came to our
lands and spoke of a great dance, the Ghost Dance,
which would give usstrength again and power over our
‘enemies, His song called us together again as a people.
Although we arediminished, we still sing and dance as
we once did before the coming of the white man.

Others would find surrow in the Ghost Dance
lacer, for our brothers the Wendigo heard of thisdance

only to bloodshe
them and sought to kill them lest they raise the spirits
to drive the invaders from their lands.

and despair for the whites did fear

For now my storybag is empty. Go and listen to
anotherand learn what theycan teach you willbe here
tomorrow and perhaps 1 will have another tale to tell.

Gales of the Story Knife

See this? Look nt it carefully and then tell me that
you have never seen a finer knife. Yes; it's carved
entirely from ivory and is more than a hundred years
old. [ehas been in my family for many generations. My
Kinfolk mother gave it to me when I was a child, and
it came to her from her mother who got it from her
mother. You get the idea, I'msure. The etchings on the
blade and hilt depict an arctic wolf — for obvious
reasons, My family knew they were Kinfolk almost

from the beginning, and never made
hide it ftom their childeen.

This is called a storyknife. Children of the Inuit
use itin thetrstorytelling games. The one who tells the
story draws pictures as she speaks, setting the stage for
the story and maki sto represent the charac
ters, who can't." until chey are completely
drawn. When their part in the story is done, the
characters disappear, erased by the blade of the
storyknufe to make room for new characters

This particular storvknife sa family heirloom, but
some of my tribemares know how to mike storyknives
that hold spirits to aid them in their storytelling. Pl
just make do with the knife I have—and my memory.

The stories I have to tell you come from many
traditions and strecch through many centuries. These
are talesof the Wendigo and our Kinfolk, of the things
that happened tous in the Pure Landsand the evil that
tracked us down and ruined a way of life that preserved
usand the land we lived in. Pardon my anger now and
aguin, for many ofthe tales are not happy anes. I'll try
to mix the good with the bad, chough, because [ want
‘you to stay and listen to it all

The Ways of Peace and War

Now take the storyknife in hand arid draw a lard
of forests with two Great Lakes in their midst. This is
the homeland of the Mohawk, the Cayuga, the Oneida,
the Seneca and the Onondaga. My knife makes many
slashes actoss the land, to symbulize the warriors of
these nations. They fight one another almost con-
stantly, bringing great sorrow to the women and chil

dren ofall thenationsand sowing death wherever they
‘g0. The causes of these battles are many jealousy over
hunting grounds, feuds beoween families or clans,
grudges between nations.

‘The Wendigo guardians of these nations called a
‘council to see what they could do to makean end to thu
useless fighting, but even we could nor come ro an
agreement. A few of my tribemates, so ou stortes tell
tus, appenund of rhe fighting, saying thar ir «trench.
ened our Kinfolk and culled out the weakest of the
warriors, Others argued that war should not break out
among those who should be allies, but should be
reserved for the Homed Serpent's brood and other
‘enemies of the land and people.

Some hacked one group of Kinfolk over another,
saying that this war or that feud was justified for some
reason ot other. Like our quarreling Kin, we nearly
came to blows several times.

Finally, one of our elders, a venerable Mediwiwin
‘named Thunder Voice, spoke up itu council. Watch as

ny attempt to

32 Croatan Song

—

ntentmmemnieny 4/4


age woll-figure to rep
ry peacemakersand problem solv
c will come a time when our Kinfolk will
her or they will be destroyed,'
owed, "Wee mu iction and see
th bonds of friendship so that

they can join with one another in times of wi

The blade of the storyknife wipes away these figures
and begins again, # a call, muscular
warrior of the Hur of ayoung
ishismother. The warrior is Deganawida, whose mother
received a vision that her child would desteoy
her people. Some say chis vision came to her from the
spirit world, brought to her by one of the Wendigo
guardiane of dhe Hurune. Deganaiid
until the child was bom and then tried three times to
drown him to prevent the vision from coming to pass
Theee timesshe tried ind failed, Another version of
story says that the spirits brought Deyaniwid's mother
telling her that her child would
on'tknow which

mn to live w

but think that both may be true
smakers can cause as much destruc
fion as great makers of war

The child lived and grew, and che spirits blessed
him with many powers. He was almost certainly one of

Kinfolk. When he reached his manhood, he built

a canoe of white stone and set forth on his mission.

Now the storyknife erases De
herpartin the story hascome toa

» canoe underneath the warrior to show his j

down the waterways from the lands of the
the lands of the warring

actice to deceive
hunters who came to her house lookir

shelter. Degaruwida spoke with
hhismessage touched her

from her wrongoi

towork with Deg:

ong the

this, Deganawi

‘Your acti
thisday on, when|
the women will have the powe:
will be chiefs of thi

1 will scrape away the figure of the

heard of this o
makerand you!

ayh
alled Ayonhwathah — or Hia

arha.

Chapter One: The Long Walk

——

Ty,

ather, for
x,

n had @ reputation for

it. She vowed to cu aside

converted
poisoner now and draw another figure. You may hive

froin a bad poem by a white vers
realorofsilly notions

about the

33


ARR mm are

re ff

When Deganawida met Ayonhwathah, he recog-
nized that this chief of the Onondaga was possessed by
a cannibal spirit and was headed down a river of evil
deeds. Deganawida, who had just changed the heart of
a poisoner, decided that he could dono less for
Ayonhwathabs, Afterspeaking to Deyanawida, whose
power shone from his face like the moon's blessings,
Ayonhwathah repudiated the cannibal spirit. Some
say that Deganawida called upon his Wendigo friends
10 help cleanse the spirit of Ayonhwathah, and 1
believe that this is probably true,

Deganawide uayeled with Ayonbwachah for a
while, taking his message of peace from one village to
another and winning many to his cause. Mast of the
people were tired of the constant warfare and the
constant disruption and unease caused by fear and
death. They wete only too glad to hear the words of
peace and the promi

AtDeganawidi

converting thi
cross Ayonhwathal
olppeace broken by the evil deeds of malicious sorcerer.
Deganawida saw thar Ayonhwathal wore about his
neck « string of shell beads, to symbolize his grief. He
read the tule depicted in the pattern of beads and knew
what had happened to his friend. He took more beads
snd made different strings with patterns of sorrow and
healing, Then, tememberinglessonshe learned from his
wolf-spirit brothers. he recited formal wordsof cleansing,
and release. Ayonhwathah's grief disappeared and the
pre fire of his vision rekindled ir his heare once again.
Soon four of the five Iroquois nations had agreed to
‘come together and end their incessant warring. Only the
Qnondaga refused to join the compact, led by the sorcerer
Thadoxaho, Ayonhwathah knew what he had to do.
"Hewillnot istento anyone bute," Ayonhwathah
said. "I must do this to heal both of us." Ayonhwathah
retuned tothe man who had killed his faily and spoke
to him again. This ti

. however, Deganawida came

2 withhim along with representatives of the other council

Croatan Song

ie ei niall amma sa

nations. Although hey did noe threaten Thadodaho,
the sorcerer realized that he was beaten, He accepted!
the new way of peace from his former enemy
Ayonhwathah and, in the spiritofpeace, Agonhwathah
save Thadodaho an important position on the council,
symbolizing his belief tharanyone —even cannibal oe
an evil sorcerer — can change.

Now I etase all che figures from the earth, for my:
story is almost done. The League of Five Nations grew
strongin the yearsbeforethe arrival ofthe Wyrmcomers.
Those who use the European calendar say that che
League was formed around 1450. What matters is that
we learned thar our strength lies in standing together.

But there i another end to my story, and itis why
believe both versions ofthe tale of Deganawida's birth,
After the Five Nations of the Iroquois joined together,
they did not give up the way of war. They simply looked
around for other enemiestofight. They foundan enemy
in their neighbors, the Huron nation. Their wars lasted
ceven after the arrival of the French missionaries and
traders, whose actions only fucted the fies even higher
Eventually, the lroquoisnations drove the Hurons from
their homelands and destroyed their way off life.

fecting our Kinfolk with their customs and their
religions and their diseases,
Now iny storyknife wipes the earth clean ond
moves on to tell another tale.

Strangers Forever

With the blade of my storyknife, Inow carves long
constline to represent the north Atlantic shore. The
tale Lam about to tell has many lessons, but the frst
Jesson isthis:do nor trustanycne until you understand
the customs of his people. Do not believe that your
customs mean the same toa stranger as they do toy
Before the Europeans who called themselves Pil

grims came to our shores Abenaki Kinfolk had
already met raders and fisherien who plied the waters

of the Atlantic to harvest the cod along our shores and
to barter with the people that marveled ae their ships
Some of these meecings seemed friendly enough. The
Europeans offered our Kinfolk goods they had never
seen before in return forthe bounty four waters. Other
meetings led to hostilities, for the newcomers simply
wok what they wanted and sometimes made off with our
people, taking them back to theit homes as prizes.
When the English came to the land of our
Algonquian Kinfolk, the Wendigo guardians of the


wea

‘Abenuikisent messagesto theirtribemates who watched
‘over the Algonquians. The staryknife draws « wolf
sitting on a high hill, howling u message to another
wolf — now drawn by my blade — who receives the
warning and feels dread in his heart

"Do not trust these pale faced liars" the message
sti. "They mean you only harm, though their voices
do not tell you so."

Our Kinfolk chose not to listen tu the warnings,
sind did what they could te make the newcomers
welcome. The Pilgrims knew very little about the ways
of their new home and they neatly died during their
first winter. Only the generosity of Massasoit, who
brought many people of his tribe and held « great
potlatch to feast che Pilgrims, kept the small colony
alive during their early years. Our Kinfolk taught the
Pilerims how co live isthe forest, showing them hors
and what to hunt, wha i

the European
followed orders
tidden, unbeating hears provoked their white-akinned
seqvants to even greater deeds of bloodshed and shame.

Itisnot so unportantto me totell you which of our
people fought which group of Europeans and how our
wars became mixed up with their wars. My storykr
blade would grow dull and refuse to scratch any more
pictures into the ground if] tried to name every battle
and dent ovary death.

ALL need to say ts that by the time the wats had
‘come to an end our Kinfolk lay decimated — by the
weapons of the newcomers and by the diseases that
they brought.

Let me draw another part to this story, a hidden
part that you will not find in any of the history books
written by the Wyrmcomers or even in the legends of
our surviving Kinfolk.

Thisisascory ofhow we Wendigo tried tocometo
some agreements wich the European Garou wh at
rived on the shins and moved inta our lands. My

storyknife now draws a picture of Howls-with-the-
Storm, great angalkuk who risked much renown to
‘ay to deal fairly with his distant brother Garou. Iwill
also draw three ather figures, representing the Fianti
the Get of Fenrisand the Silver Fang speakers whomet
with Howl-with-the-Storm,

When he realized that his Kinfolk would not repel
the newcomers but would instead try to make peace
with them, Howls-with-the-Storm decided that he,
too, would see if the European Garou could likewise
‘make an alliance with the Wendigo. In themidstofthe
fighting among he English and the Durch and our
Kinfolk allied to both of these groups, Howls-with
the-Storm invited representatives of the European
Garou toa council fire,

The three strangers came toa clearing in the forest
where Howls-with-the-Storm awaited them with
feast laid out before him, A freshly killed dec lay ready
for eating, ic sirie properly thanked for giving its life
in am important cause, Howls-with-the-Storm abo
brought gifts — fine belts of wampum depicting sym-
bols of friendship and peace. He offered the deer and
these pits t his yuestsand greeted them in the tony
of the Garou so that they could und

® that we may join with one another in our common
battle against the enemies of the Grandmother."
The three newcomers ate the deer and took the
wampum belts, although they did not seem to place a
teat value on the belts; they stuffed them hastily into,

pouches they carried. "Ic is like this," one of the thtee
said. "Our Kinfolk are numerous and strong. They are
wise in the ways of the world and have fine weapons.
They are only the first of many who will come here.
‘This land seems large and your people are puny and ill
suited co act as caretakers of it: We thank you for
keeping the Wyrm. at bay until we could get here ro
take over, Now its our tum. We ask you to show us
your caems, for one day they wil fll intoour keeping."

Howle-with-the Storm cried out in anger at thie
display of rudeness and arrogance. "I cume to you in
peace, but you respond with words of hatred snd
‘violence, My tribe isnot known foritseasy temper, but
Thave tried to be generous to you, as my Kinfolk have
been generous to yours. Now I sce the truth behind
yourliesof reatiesandalliances. Youand your Kinfolle
will take this land for your own and we will be left with
nothing untess we fight you for tt."

With that, Howls-withi-the-Storm gave way to his
rage and took his most fearsome bartle form. He leupt
upon hisformer guests, knowing ashe did so that he was

Chapter One: The Long Walk 35

—_

TY,


breaking his own sacred peace by fighting with those he
had so recently feasted. The three European alse
took on their fiercest shapes and set upon Howls-with:

hie-Stonm. The Fianna annd the Silver Fang died before
the Get of Fenris finally claimed the killing blow.
After the battle had ended, the pack mates of

.fipping his body intomany pieces
mending his bur own cannibal spirit
ey took Howls-with-the-Storm's body back
mand sang the tale

Howls-with-the-Storm, who had swom not to inter
vene although they watched from a distance, took their

his doomed attempt
i Peace. They took comfort in the fact that
even though Howls-with-the-Storm ¢ horn un:
det a warrior's moon. he still proved hand ro kill. The
ead from caer ro eaern that the Eun
most of our tribe mad

were not to be trusted
never {0 re

oaths

the locations of their caems to any
from over the great waters

Now my storyknife is done with this tale.

The Price of a Skin

Wait while Ie
ryknife,f
story. This is

Gan

the time to sharpen the blade of
it has a lot of work to do in my next
le about the fur trade and how the

36

aa

Croatan Song

not a pretty story — but
ot many of my tales are these days

Now my storyknife is ready, and [hope you are,
too. [draw a large picture. which representsmost of the
northern halfof
other. My
who visited our Abenaki Kinfolk 3 couple of stories
» Its the middle of the
have not yet invented the Pilgris

Fishermen travel long distances and arrive «
shores, where they trade with our Kinfolk for fish
fas, Thae Europeans tui exhausted most of thew own
wildlife to provide skins and fine furs to clothe their
nobles. They saw that our li

ids overflowed with fur

bearing animals of many kinds. { will let my storyknife
draw pictures of mink and otter, sible, marten and L
beaver. These animalshave nowoice in thisstory except

for their screams as they die at the hands of the tr
but I draw th ne (0 their spirits for
wrongs that have been done to them.

‘our Kinfolk traded the fur pelts to the
renurn for metal goods and fine
cloth. Because they did not believe in wasting any part of

TT,

.

oe AA

fan animal, they kept the ment and carcasses for them:
selves, thuskeepingtheirpactwith the Grandmotherand
wich us, the guandians of our Kinfolk and of the Earth.

Then a spirit of greed entered into thei, sent, |
believe, by the Homed Serpent. The Frenchman
Jacques Cartier, one of the many "discoverers" of our
land, found the land sound the St. Lawrence Riverto
be at paradise for beavers andl knew chat he could make
3 fortune selling beaver furs to European hatmakers.

Trade alliances formed between European entre-
ursand our Kinfolk, while the animals hadnosay
in what happened to them, For atime, the agreements
between cradersiand native trappers held, in the mean-
time, we did what we could to protect the animals that
were dying in numbers that upset the balance. On our
spirit journeys into the Umbra, we found ourselves
beset by angry spirits of heaver and many other ani-
mals, crying for vengeance. We made promises to do
‘what we could to stop che fur trade from claiming the
lives of our Grandmother's smaller children.

We made some hard decisions at that time, since
wwe had to go against our own human Kin, whom we
considered part of our greater family, in order to atop
the slaughter and waste

Now I will draw a picture of Winter Silence, a
Hoyoka with a warrior's heare and a trickster's ways
‘Winter Silence, who was anything but quiet when she
hhad something to say, had an idea which she put forth
at a grear moot attended by all the Wendigo whose
Kinfolk were involved in the taking of furs.

The storyknife now drawsa githeringof Wendigo
anda few Uktena brothers who were experiencing the
same trouble in their southeastern forests. Winter
Silence steps up to the campfire and addresses her
uaibemates and tribal cousins.

"Our Kinfolk have forgotten the lessons we have
tried so hard to place in their hearts. believe that evil
spirits are at work here and that the Homed Serpent
hassentitsservantsof greed and jealousy to corrupt the
spiritsof our people. The only thing that will cake their
minds away from profit is war, so we should work to
sae chem wy fig dhe Europcar — on even each
other if we must."

The elders of our tribe argued long and hard. The
Ukrena delegates were ust usdivided about whetheror
not this was a good idea, for ie would mean the deach
of many of our human Kin.

Finally, Winter Silence's suggestion gained supper,
and we wentaboutour task with vengeance. Westarted
by attacking the greatest of our Kinfolk trappers along
with the European middlemen who took their fury and
gave them trade goods, including guns and, sometimes,

hanes The dearhs, of ures, wore hlamed an the wring

peopleand wars broke out. Our Kinfolk fought each other
andthe Europeans foughtour Kinfolk The Huron nation
was neatly destroyed as the Iroquois League and their

European trading partners attacked them in force
Soon we did not have to do anything. The spicits of

war and greed seized nor only our Kinfolk but also the
Europeans, who decided to bypass the native trappers
amd tke che furs themselves. All the treaties were
gnored, traditional alliances between Kinfolk disinte-
grated, and the word of our Kinfolk chanyged forever
Now, my storyknife sweeps away the figures from
the stage, leaving only the map and the ghosts of
millions of dead fur-bearers. Did we do the right thing
in encouraging our Kinfolk to go to war and in eyeing
‘on the rivalries between native and European fur
traders? There are at least ewo answers to my question.
We did mach harm to ourhuman Kinfolk through
‘ouractions. The weakening of alliances made it handet
for the native nations to resist the onslaught of the
Europeans, who were not satisfied until they had
driven our Kinfolk out of their homes and taken the
land for themselves. But we did manage to save a few
animal in the process and we exacted venge

« fo
the spirits of the many creatures who died to pur hats
‘on French and English heads and line the cloaks of
Dutch noblemen and women. Some of Grandmother's
children died 30 that ochers could rest easy.

‘Sometimes, there is no right thing to do,

Tales of Vengeance

The storyknife now tums to the western lands,
where the Pacific Ocean gives way to shore and forest
OurKinfolk of the Tlingit and the Haidaand the other
nations that dwell in those cold lands did not encoun-
ter the white-skinned people in great numbers until
much later than other nations. A few traders from
Russia sailed over the western sea and Spanish ships
sailed up the constin the late 1700s, draw the Spanish
ship, now asirapproaches the sland ofthe Haida, who
sent messengers out to the shipyby canoe to bargain for
trae goods in exchange for fur from the sea otter as
well us beautiful items made by their women. The
Spanish offered cloth and knives made of metal, which
the Haida had seen upon occasion and valued greatly

‘The Spaniards did not go ashore, however, be
mise they were hesitant t0 risk theit lives among
strangers with odd customs. They sailed away, leavinng
the Haida in peace,

Odherscauic, however. The English and dhe French:
soon recognized that the northern forestsheld awealth
of valuable furs, Here the storyknife draws more and

Chapter One: The Long Walk 7

——

ie a


re fh

‘more figures of pale-skinned stick people eager to strip
the forests of their animal brothers and sisters.

Once again, we warned our Kinfolk to stay away
fromthe traders, and once again, asin the eastern lands,
they did not listen to us. They were seduced by the lure
of strange items, particularly ones made of iron. They
alwo enjoyed the look and feel of copper coins.

A» we waiched our Kinfolk grow more and more
seedy and begin ro compete with one another for the
most favorable trade, as we mourned the loss of our
animal cousins, our hearts grew hard toward the hu-
‘mans we once cherished. Some Wendigo decided ro
take matters in their own hands.

‘One of our tricksters, who I do not name because

even I question the rightness of his deed, took one of
these copper coins and traveled with it into the spirit

world. I draw him, however, because this is his story.
Therehe pledhiscasebef eslnd bezeed

the copper evita is totem spirit
and returned to the' ind money.

Soon afterwards, the copper coin found its way into
the handsofan English trader. The cannibal spirit living
inside the coin began to infect the trader's mind with
stringe and unnatural thoughts. That night, one of the
men on the trader's ship disappeared. When no one
could find him, his shipmates decided thar the man had

allen overboard during the night. A second man d
soon ulter. The trader's ways grew atti

stranger, and a feverish light hured in his eyes. He
stopped eating meals with his companions, saying that
he preferred to eat alone in his cabin, Soon he locked
hhimselfaway inside his cabin, earning away anyone who
tried to enter. The ship's crew began to hear strange
sounds coming from behind the tader'sdoor—sobbing
and gibbering noises. Horrible smells came fron the
cabin, odors of dead meat and sickness. The crew grew
frightened but did nothing until one day they heard
nothing but silence. Finally the ship's captain took an
axe nd hacked ar the door until he burst it into

38 Croatian Song

—_

splinters. He found the trader lying dead on the floor of
his cabin, amid pieces of the missing crewmen.

The trader and his vietims were given a hasty
burial at sea and the captain sailed away from shore,
never to return to trade for furs.

‘The copper coin, however, made itsway intoother
pockets. Sometimes those who possessed the coin
‘murdered their families, Another di
robbed him of his money. The thief later hanged
hhiselt. The coin corstinued to pass from hand to hand
and, now and then, stories were heard of men and
wotnen who suddenly tumed cannibal — as if pos-
sessed by some evil spirit.

My storyknife quickly erases the figures | have
drawn. for their presence in this place
‘uneasy. Of the fate ofthe trickster who conceived of
the cursed coin, I know nothing. His name has disap-
peared from the mind of the Grandmother and of our
totem spirit, but his vengeance may still ive on.

Now I tum to my second tale of vengeance —a
leaner and braverene than the one Ijusttold, burone
that has no happy ending.

My storyknife wipes clean the earth and donys.a
picture of the ocean off sassian
Putsin to shore. A group

infolkandcome
The blade of my knife now draves
hunting party as they greet the vilhgers. [tis not
the first time they have made this journey, and the
villagers have sealskins for the hunters. This time,
however, the hunters tell the villagers that they wish
to go into the wilderness to test their own hunting
prowess. They make arrangements for loading the
skinson howard their thipandl then they set off with sled
dogs borrowed from the village and with an Inuit
hhunter for their guide,

Although itisnot yet winter,athick ayer ofsnow lies
on the frozen ground and the rights have grown mach
longer thin the days. The Russian hunters travel until
they encounter pack of arctic wolves. These wolvestake
‘note of the people and the dogs, but they do not run from
them. ‘They hve seen: our Kinfolk and their doysles
before and they know thae they pose no danger.

The Russians aitn their hunting rifles and one by
‘one, they slaughter the entire pack of wolves —
including the females and their young, half-grown
cubs, Seven wolves in all lay dead in the snow blood
staining their white fur and coloring the snow a dull
red. The hunters akin the wolves and load their pels
conto the sled, leaving the eareasses to the mercy of the
freezing wind. The Inuit guideshakeshis head, but ays
nothing, The Russians have promised ita many hard-

ie «2

L


re ft

to-get tools and one of theie rifles long with a case of
bullets in return for his guidance.

Twice more, the hunters encounter wolf packs and
the wolves die from the nflesofthe strangers who donot
understand the lawsofthe Grandmother. Twenty wolves
‘invall fall to the hunters before they return to the village.

‘Whar the hunters do not realize is that a Wendigo:
Ya'pahe, a brave warrior called Lonely Runner, has
seen them make their final kill. Lonely Runner feels
the rage build inside itn, for tis last pack of wolves is
his Kin. Hl sees the body of his mate, asterder female
he calls Snowfall, lying on the ground, her eyes dull
with death and blood leaking from a hole in her throat.
Thave drawn him as a wolf, howling the death song of
his mate und her pack, but in this story he fist appears
asa man of the Inuit,

Lonely Runner swallows
his desire to change i

ge and pushes back

dogsled, Then ae c7 #0

feels the ship cast of Sut from under the
wolfkins and begins prayer to the Grandmother.
Knowing that no one can hear him over the noise of
the ship and its crew, he sings a deathsong for the
wolves he has loved as his family. Then, because he
knows hewill norsurvive the journey, he sings hisown
death song.

‘Two nights after the ship has put out to sea, Lonely
Rune feck chot the time of his vengeance has exime.
He fuels his rage, which has been building steadily for
‘two days and nights. His body expands into his battle-
formand he bursts ourof the hold, clawsand fangs bared.

His snarls of fury as he moves quickly among the
‘crew on watch mingle with the screams of the dying
men. Again andgain hiselawsrake great gashesin the
throats of the crew. Then he moves through the ship
and tinds the hunting party and slaughters them,
biting holes in their throats and laughing as their life
‘Hood flows onto the deck of the ship.

Finally, Lonely Runner is done. Everyone on the
ship lies dead and the ship sails without direction into
the arctic night, never to be heard from again.

Some who tell this story say that Lonely Runner
steers the ship into a geeat iceberg and sinks with it to
the bottom of the sea, Others say that he runs the ship
aground on a large ice floe and then uses the moon's
reflection on the ice as a path nto the spirit world,
retuming to his home with «heavy heart, his revenge
tasting sweet on his tongue. Sell others say thar his
spitit still lives in the cold northern lands, waiting to
attack any who defy the laws of the Grandmother and
Kill without need or hunt wolves for sport.

My storyknife wipes clean the pictures from this
tale und lets you decide which ending to believe.

The Hidden Caern

{Lam tired of telling stories thar bring tears of rye
oor sadness to thove who hesrit. Here isa story thar has
a happier end. Ithegins in the northem forests, where
the Europeans have started w mave about on their
own, claiming and discoveringeverythingtheysee and
killing much of ic er

My storyknife draws: Baroy Wth Is be:
>/ } har. een made of furs and his rifle
mr 'tworry, though, he will nor have. big

inthe story, He isonly here long enciuh for me to
explain to youhow the Europeans failed to understand
how to live in our Pure Land
Once our lands beld cnough game animals wo
support cur Kinfolk and to feed the other predators
that shared the land with us. When the Europeans
‘came, many things happened to upset the balance of
the living world. They hunted the fur-bearing animals
for their skins and killed far more than they could use.
‘Thismade game scarce for other predators, who began
tw grow bold as their food source diminished. When
the Europeans first saw wolves and mountain lions,
they considered them rivals. So they hunted the preda
torsaswell asthe game.animals, esting their kill with
their rifles against the cleverness of the wolf and the
speed ofthe big eats. By preying.on these anisnals, they
broke the Grandmother's law.
Soon the predators' numbers began togrow smaller
well. Ina few shore decades, the wolf population of
the Pure Lands shrank to. almost nothing, and we
‘Wendigo were in danger of losing half of our Kinfolk
Anotherproblem came in the form of the European
Garou known as the Red Talons. Here any sturyknife
draws rwo wolves, one to represent the Red Talonsand
‘one twrepresent the Wendigo. A few Red Talons forced
themselves to take on human forsn in order to make the

Chapter One: The Long Walk 39

————— i «/',


et Lt

voyage across the sea to the Pure Lands because in
Europe, the tuimans had almost completely destroyed
their wolf Kinfolk. Unlike the other European Garou,
the Red Talons did not want our caemns or our lands;
they wanted our wolf Kin. They thought that we were
not fit protectors or wolvesbecause we also cared for our
human Kin and spent time walking on two legs.

The bales beiween the Wendigo and the Red
Talons, when they occurred, were fierce and often
deadly, Finally, one of our lupus Daehaudjimoot, an
elder female called Singer, convinced a pack of Red
Talons that we needed to work together. I hey had the
will to preserve our disappearing wolf Kin but they did
not know the lands as we did.

By the time we hd come to this agreement, it was
neatly too late, Already the Umbm of the westem Pure
Landsshook with the presence ofthe Storm Eaterand travel
though it became more and asaediiiele

fines of the valley. The Wendigo and Red Talons,
descendants of the original openers of the caern, guard
the valley and itspreciousinhahitants fromany thteat.
Most Garou do not know of its existence and no one
who does not live there knows the way to the caem,

tell you thisnow, even though my storyknife does
not make a picture of the caer, so that if you ever feel
caddie proedd Gy ate shreas yous Ganon bloat, you iisy
enter the Umbra and petition Wolf to show you the
way to the Hiden Caer. If Wolf approves your plea
and decides you are worthy, spirits will show you the
way to the caer where you may stay long enough to
breed with your wolf Kin. Before you leave, you must
take an oath never to reveal the location of the eae
and never to try to find it by traveling overland.
‘Anyone wi does nor enter the caem through the
Unnbra or who comes to the caern without permission
dies beneath the fangs and claws of the sept members.

40 Croatan Song

LALA. PLT TR TT,

‘This story comes to you because you need some
hope in these dark times. Now my storyknife erases the
pictures and prepares itself for one last tale.

The Great Parting
of the Tribe

‘This is the final tale from my storyknife. With
trembling hands I draw 1 map that represents the
northeastern quarter of North America. [place adeep
slash along the line thar symbolizes the man-made
onder between Canada and the United States. My
story startshere, in the portion of the map that depicts
the northern United States east of the Mississippi,

Now [ draw a number of figures, representing the
Wendigo tribe members who gathered together for a
great meeting to decide the fare of our Kinfotk and of
ourselves, Great-Heart-of-Winter, an outspoken
angalkuk, was the first o speak.

"This land is no longer pute. The newcomers are
no longer new hut have lived here for generations and
produced more generations just like them, ifnot worse.
The air reeks with theit factories and their cars choke
the roads. Their flying machi ith

here peace. The face of
Ts forever marred by thelr preserice."
elder Yapa'he, wasthe nextrospeak

"Our Kinfolk have been forced to leave their
homelands for lands that are strange to chem. Those
few that remain muitlive in prisons called reservations
or else must absndon the ways of theie ancestors and
become like the white-faces, They do not remember
who they are or whose blood runs through them and
Dlesses theta above otter numa."

‘Thethird speaker was Mocks-the Serpent's Homs,
‘a young but wise Heyoka.

"Our Kinfolk have abandoned us. We should
return the favor and leave them lone."
Knows-the-Winter,athoughtful Mediwiwin, stood
up 10 speak,

"We may leave our Kinfolk, buc con we leave the
ccaetns we still guard and protect!"

Song's Truth, a Daebaudjimoot of great renown,
added her words to the discussion,

"We are not the only keepets of the Pare Lands
The children of Elder Brother still remain with their
easter Kinfolk, Pethaps we could give our caems to
them to guard."

Mocks-the-Serpent's-Horns laughed scomfully.
"We could certainly do that. Elder Brother is already
corrupt from dealing too closely with the Horned

/

sAs\


AZ

Serpent. It would be a good match to offer him our
corupt Kinfolk and our compromised cacens."

Great-Heart-of: Winterheld upahandand walked
to the speaker's circle. "If Elder Brother's children
‘would move into these lands, pethaps that would serve
asa partial atonement for allowing Middle Brother to
die alone sa long ago."

Voice-of-Rage snarled, "Elder Brother can never
atone for what he failed to do."

Song's Truth spoke quickly, sensing the anger
building. "Iisclear tome that we must leavethisplace
of sorrow and corruption, but itis also clear that we
must ask our Elder Brother's children to take over our
‘guardianship of the places and Kinfolk that remain."

For many days the Wendigo argued and sometimes
fought to settle the question of the fate of our trike.

Finally, after long and heated disputes, we came to
an agreement. We would divide the tribe. Those of us
who did not wish to remain any longer in the Impure
Landsof the American Nocthenst would leave. Those
who preferred to remain behind would stay. Fusther,
we would send a message to Elder Brother and ask him
to come and take our place.

‘Ando the great division of the tribe began.
of the Wendigo who once guarded the Ki
Iroquois, Algonquian and Abenaki na
less numerous cousins moved i

led as far as they could a cs
garbage heaps of Figete2 chilbeke seeking
cout the few: rageen left inthe Canadian north.

A fex-clected to stay"Bchind, to maintain our
cacmnseif we coukt-and to watch the progress of the

‘The Uktena, asexpected, came up from
the southeast and the southwest, moving into our
lands and taking over some of our cacrns. Whether
they did this out of yreed or out of a sense of responsi-
bility of out of a desire to discover if we had kept any
secrets from them, | donot know. Fonly know that they
became the primary guardians of our remaining Kin-
folk and that they fll this purpase to this day,

"The rift chat ovened up between those who staved
and those who left is a large one and often comes
between tribe members when they gather together for
important moots. It tsa great sorrow to many of us that
we, who need to remain one in spirit, must forever
stand on two sides of the great chasm thar separates us.
Whenever we meet together, we must begin with a
peried of name-calling and angry words — sometimes
hatelesandacng duele before we can finally remem.
ber that we are one trihe and that we have a common
goal. Always we think of one another as either the
Wendigo-who-stayed-behind or the Wendigo-who-

Chapter One: The Long Watk 4

———— a

lefi-their-homes. This does not make it easiet for us to
close ranks against our true enemies

1 did not tell you whether or not this story hans a
happy ending: I sill cannot tell you this, for the story
has not ended yet.

Today, the Wendigo still roam the lands of Alaska

and ada and parts of the Pacific Northwest. Some
of us travel further to see what goes on in the rest of the
lands we once eilled pure, butrarely do westay forlong
in the places claimed by Elder Brother or by the
European Garou. Most of us believe that the corrup-
aon of the Homed Serpent has gone too far and that
when the final days are upon us, we can do one thing
only — fight the Grandmother's enemy until we die.
A few of us feel differently. We feel a stirring of hope
within the heart of the Grandmother. We see our Kinfolk.
battling to reclaim cheir homes and gain n
the governments thar tol thei and
ways. We ty to remember theo
honor the times when shisflact was

spirits are gathering together to
ne lf of che enrth and its creatures

some of the newcomers, whose faces are no
longer only white bur reflect che many colors of the
earth, fee! the Grandmother's pain and wish to come
to her aid. Some of these former strangers have come
to love this land. Ochers now work hard to try to save
‘our wolf Kin from extinction and to return walf popu
lations to places whete they once roamed and hunted.

Perhaps one day our Kinfoll will return from their
exile and settle once more on the lands held by their
ancestors. Perhaps our tribemates who left here in
angerand despair will return to resume their guardin.
ship ofthe sacred paces and join their blood with that
of their ancient Kinfolk.

The storyknife now wipes clean the earth ofall but
‘one single figure. This isa picture of me, for Tam one of
the descendants ofthe Wendigo who remained behind
afcerthe great division. [still havehope thatoneday our
Kinfolk will return in force to take back the lands they
‘once honoted and respected, My name is Keeper of the
Fire of Hope and here I stand, wedded co the land given
tousby the Grandmother. My hearris heavy but itsings
with hope. The people move, the Garou do not. Ham
here and my story is finished. Now, and only now, will
I serape the earth clean with the blade of my storykfe.
My tales are done. Remember them.



You cannot discover an inhabited land. Otherwise
| ould cross the Atlantic umd "discover" England

— Dehatkadons, traditional

Onondaga Iroquois
The Pure Lands
The aphy of the Pure Lands isa patchwork

quilt of many mations and Ute Garou wibes who
lived among and around them. In the times before
the co ‘he Europeans (and the Industrial
Revolution that followed them in particular) the
land was more pure, the rivers more clear and game
plentiful. Great nations already existed, with
some cities holding more inhabitants that the larg-
est European city. Much of the land was planted
with maize, squath and other food crops. Fishing,
hunting and gathering supplemented agricultural
4s and con:
of Mother
as. Many n
ns dwelt in harmony with nature
an in competition with it

products. Yet despite their planted fi
structed town
lirele disturbed in most
their Garou ¢
rather
primitive nature (the lack of plows and wheels), came
ytination and expertise, but a
tack of any need for such items, In a land that lacked

the geo

large domesticated animals such as hor

d holes for
od stick.
arried on one's back of pulled on a
travois (sled). That this algo meant the natives could
ield fora few years, then leave it to recoverand.
move elsewhere, that their methods of
damage to the Mother's flesh and their lack of w
meant they had no need to cut toads throw
wilderness. They could preserve the Mother
gather her bounty

Danger and hardship were just as much in evi
dence as in later times, but the Garou could still call
‘upon Mother Earth and the spirits for greater interven:
tion than the Wolf Changers of Europe. The most
terrible Banes had been bound long a
lesser evils to be fought by Chan
ce. Sepes of the Croaran. Ukre

ontinen

leaving the
their Kink
and Wendi
s children
that kepe

together and providing a nexwork of p
evil spirits at hay

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds B

———_ ios 6


And yet the Wyrmbringers came, and in. an in-
stanc all was changed.

The septs described here exist in a moment in
time —a long moment lasting hundreds of years, to
be sure, yet still caught in a moment of holding thetr
breaths just before their whole world splintered, Na-
tions might settle and move, gradually making their
way to new lands or they might be uprooted and flee
to farther lands, bue the Garou remained with their
caems, protecting theie sacred places of power. Thus
the Pure Lands tribes bred with different Kinfolk over
tine as one group passed and another took their
place. What they could not have foreseen was the
greed, callousness and self-righteousness ofthe Buto-
peans andi their Garou allies that overwhelmed them
and took theireaemsand their nations' lands"so that
they might be berter protected by those of greater
learning and civil

Inthe modem age, these caernsstill stand —so
of them. Yer strangers walk their bawns, §
abandoned, the spirits within them eryi
who once sang to them with respect

Lands of the

throughout history.

The Croatan's greatest territory was in th
sippi River valley, all along the mighey river
great carts were among some of the now-bulldozed
and missing earthmounds chat once populated this
region before the coming of Europeans.

The Cahokia mound (near modern-day Se. Louis),
while not a Croatan caer, was an important site for
their Kinfolk for years, overseen by a series of holy
men. satally shaman following 9 particular traditions
of fealty ro celestial spirits, especially the Sun. They
lived in peace and prosperity with the Croatan for
years, trading their knowledge of celestial ways for the
Croacan's earth lore, complementing one another.

However, the culeure became unbalanced. Over-
population and building led to a shortage of trees in
the regions immediately surrounding Cahokia
other similar pyramid sites. Over-farmning led to
creased erosion (caused by lack of trees), which in
turn led to flooding and other disasters thar the
Garou saw as highly unnatural

44

TATE STE,

ee 77 eee

Increasing, hestilities with human nations not
directly associated with them led the Mound Builders
to build larger and langer barricades around their core
Cities. The populations grew so lange thateven modern
people would recognize such a site as a city, And, as
mentioned previously, the Wyrm gained influence
there, as tt does in so many other places where hurmans
gather in great numbers.

Once ditect evidence of Wyrm involvement was
thrown in their faces, the Ceoatan turned aginst the
Mound Builder cultures and aided in their downfall.
bringing on spiritual disastersand earthquakes todrive
people from the cities, Retaliation by some of the
tainted shamans may have led to the loss of mote
Croatan territory.

Other tribes have since speculated something the
Cesta refined to conser: was the Wyrm uly a pare

di Builder culture, or did it show itself tw
ia manner that they would
would destroy a cultute it

‘Thesmell of wet earth, the soft music sung by living
rock as it grows amd flourishes, the hushed murmur of
mist after jt rainfall — all these things are vital parts of
the Croatan's spirit lands. The Croatan and their torem
are intimately tied to the element of earth, and this
spiritual connection influences the landscape of their
Penumbeal territories. Narurae of all wietcam proeectod
by the energy flowing through the land, although the
spinits of burrowing animals flourish, and bird-spirits are
slightly less common. The earth underfoot rumbles and
shakes from time to time — Turtle scratching himself,
or 0 the Croatan say — but it sit gentle tremor, more
pleasant mutter than any growl.

Helios is often more visible in the Croatan's Um-
‘baal Lauds, us cheirreverence of the Sun has given him
added strength to shine on them. In the summer
months, Helios (or Katanka-Sonnak) can be seen in
the Penumbral sky by day, even though he seems

Croatan Song


obscured by cloud. The sun and moon shine at once
from time to time, dividng the Umbral sky into warm,
soft gold and cool silver. This means thar th

by

d the
sun's angry glare, even though the humans they would
influence are active at this time — by night it's litele
he. And the
fatand day
Bane co feel safe

safer, ax the moun sheds her own Ii
Croatan walk the Penumbra fearlessly i
alike, making it difficulr fo

Yotable Caerns

The records of most Croatan caemns have been
ome were passed tothe Ukten:

time, so that the oldest connections to Turtle eventu-
lly vanished. Some lie completely forgotten, perhaps
ject to whate

an Song from being sung and still veils the secret
‘of the Mound Builders. And some were conquered by
European invaders, both Garou and sorcerers, whohad
no knowledge oft . preciated the
pure caemns that they saw wasting for them,

CGroatan caems are among the most pute —at least

ated powers allowed the
tocreate deep wellsprings to Gain's heart that ties the:
‘caems strongly to Her. The following list is woefully
shory, but those septs mentioned here are some of the
few that can be definitively remembered as Croatan,

Sept of the Bat People

Neatled in the mountains of what will one day be
Virginia lies a cemarkably deep caver. Ar the heart of
this cavern lies the caer of the White Bat, guarded
overby the spiritof thesamename. The werewolves in
residence hete call themselves the Bat People in their
acim totem'shonor, and a few packs have taken Batas
a totem, The cave itself is home to clouds of bats.
which the Bat People are careful to tend.

Thesepr's Kinfolk are tnostly pas, although
‘human Kin families of mixed nations have made a tiny
village not far from the bawn. Insect-spirits ine rather
hard to find in the local Penumbra, as they fear being
devoured by the White Bar

The caern eventually loses its power in the 16th
century when the death cry of the last Cam a
shifter echoes through the Umbra. The cacrn's tote
is drivers mad, and flees the ea
causes the cavern co collapse. Uktena legend has it
that the caer itself could be excavated and reclaimed
with the help of the proper Earth-spirits, and pethaps

tself; ite sharieks

45

— arene,


a
|

White Bar could be sought out and cured — but so far,
their divinations have not been able to reveal the
collapsed cave's location to them.

Sept of the House of Teeth

A Lange, strong longhouse stands on a tnighty hitl
1m the Ohio River, » longhouse that is
any ways. It gleams brightly in the sun-
light and in the moonlight — because interwoven
withthe timbersand beams of thehouseare great strips
of ivory, This ivory was taken from the tusks of a great
‘monster, a disembyxlied flying head the size of a small
billlain by the warriorsofthe Croatan, The longhouse
is thus a home of warriers, and when the eaem is
‘opened, ts blessing makes each sept member's bite as
strong and sharp as metal

‘The sept here claims Kin from anearby settlement
of enn Lenape (or Delaware) who ake the

not

socal' chensctves 0' fand off the Ext ot Souls,
their Kinfolk mournfully bur the longh the
ground, s@ chat the ivory isn't a temp F
white man. Their efforts are in vain, hy
are driven from their

Septoof Still "Waters

In one of the many
Banks of the furure NB
Waters tends and gu
wolf Kin are few, the sep sate
village of humans from where they draw some
Kinfolk. The eaemn's totem is one of Turtle msany
faces, in this tle — ic is her power thot
shelters the sept and the human village nearby when
the great storms come:

This is the sept that will one day produce the
mighty warrior Wanchese, who is destined not only to
travel across the ocean to England, but to lead the
Croatan tribe in their last and greatest sacrifice, The
Ukecno do their Len wy swan i ufter the Groatan's
passage, but are ultimately forced to leave it behind.
Today the caem is inert, buried by the tides of tourism
thav wash over the Outer Banks.

Sept of the Sun on the River

Along the east bank of the Mississippi, in the
northern part of what will be Louisiana, the Caer of
the Sun on the River stands on a hill overlooking the
river itself. Although the sepr has renounced their
beliefs of Sun's supremacy over Moon, they remain
deferent to the Incama of Katanka-Sonnak, believing

AW yembringers as

that to ignore the sun in the moon's favor would be as
great a mistake as ignoring the moon for the sun. The
sept isnotable for producing many great Ahroun: local
Jore says that cubs born here try to wait for the full
moon until being bom, because the caer is beautiful
when it is full of light.

‘The sept members draw Kin from the wolf packs in
the area and from the Natchez village nearby, a village
that has retained something of the hierarchy and solar
fixation of its Mound Builder neighbors. The village
lives well on com, melons and squash... well ax
venison and fish from the river. Regrettably, after the
‘Croatan's sacrifice, their human Kin's forcunes enter a
drastic downward spiral; the local humans are eventu-
ally driven from their lands by the French along with
the rest of the Nurchez.

ha part of ws as ovr hands or
Duarkeepine by the Mother Herself
» these lands and know

The territory of encompasses a land
of towering primeval oe game-filled marsh
lands, open prairie and harsh multicolored deserts.
Covering an expanse including a reach of ancient
rolling mountains to the east, across long, lazy rivet
bottoms in its central portions and high, soaring
austere cliffs and canyons, Grandmother Earth gave
the gift of near infinite variety to Her children of the
south,

southwest. Her vo

x te sulees here, yer
still Her rage burns bright with the heat of fiery
snd and sereles deep and dark within the caverns
and crevices that burrow near Her heart in this rich
and bountiful land of secrets

Land of the Misty Waters:
The Southeastern Woodlands

Suanae whispers words of wisdam and | hear the call
deep within my soul. Shadows creep actoss the face of
the mountains that shelter ue, promising vain to come.

46 Croatan Song

LA TE ER


~~,

~

cae ed LSI

Here lies an entry into the Mother's breast. We will
enter the darkness within ana fd what les hidden in the
Mother's heart

—Onacoma (White Ow!) Shadowhunter, Uktena
Theurge

Deep forests breathe in the mists of the spar-
kling streams that pour forth ftom rocky cataracts,
sending high thei white, ethereal plumes before
rushing down to fill near-bottonaless pools. This is
the land of the Misty Waters, land of the so-called
Five Civilized Tribes and their Wolf-brothers, the
Uktena, Croatan also make theit homes among
these nations, sharing Kinfolk with theirelder broth-
ets and leaning their ways.

Water, Ukeena's element. clean yx
its way by runnels und streams into,
into hidden limestone caverns:
oferystal lutesand rippling cur
fulgencearth. Uktens revels

os ea oie ang site
tracery of his vital spirit nouris
lands of what will later be <a

waters tumble down into the land of tall pine
peaceful lakes, gradually stretching tc limbs out to
the waters of the still marshes, where the Semi
dwell in the Land of the Sky-Hunter.

The Umbra

Spirits flow and dance within the Umbra
things seem hidden for a moment, skillfully
‘what playfully hiding their true natuce, then:
in sparkling splendor. Spirits of streams, fa
rivers dart between ponderous and dignif
the mountains, Trees tower and marshes ivi
ration, beckoning travelers into their shadowy d
Birds and animals fill the fields and forests, unafe

passersby. Al seems in harmony with itself.

Suill,ravel can be dangerous, for not all isexactly
ite accu, bur sail w ceflectiinv umber water, never
ing and changeable. Deep places beneath the indigo
waters of silent bottomless lakes may hold unquiet
spirits, while lazy streams may suddenly swell into
treacherous currents, sweeping forth into whicewater
tapids, And underall lie the hallow hilis,unlitechoing
caverns whose secrets await those brave or foolish
enough to penetrate their inky depths. Still, shafts of
bright moonlight penetrate the interwoven tree
beanches, illuminating tempting paths for the Wolf
Changers to follow to the spitits' homes.

the heass

%, leaves curl and brown, knowing theit long guardian.

Sept of the Deep Waters

A wide low cave mouth reflects within a poo! of
water to form the image of « half-liddles
bring their canoes iupstream against a slow current,
slipping among the green and forested hills c
tucky to reach this entrance to the caem that serves
the Sept of the Deep Waters, Within lies « passnge-
way leading deep beneath the skin of the Mother und
into a small section of what wil later be called the
Mammoth Caves. Blind white fish flicker through
the deep pools. Light brings the brilliant flash of
purplogg6li and cleur crystal formations thar cover
ul ceiling with secret beauty, Patterns

pails (orm the shape of acoiling water

Sheltering Laurel

of what will come to be kriown as
ecrowning glory
the Sept af the
ley ng Laure Tals war jungle all ranches,
vergren leaves and swollen flower

gle of creamy white
nit IP wise and cur
A fing those with the power to see wo their
iter, where an ancient, massive luurel covered in
Fich, velvety moss rises in statuesque glory. This is
the caer, where rests the spirit af the

10 lightless depths where a great
enwrapped in slumber. The sept
i¢dreadful spirit long ago, All mem-

asthe great laurel's

ey prepare for the

ship must end in glory or utter defeat.

Sept of the Sacred Smoke

Along the rich, fertile banks of the river called the
Gconce, ina wide and sunny valley ies thecaern of the
‘Sept of the Sacred Smoke. Here wild tobacco grows
lush and eall, is broad leaves waiting to be harvested,
hhungand dried. The nations and their Wolf-brothers
speak with the spirits and bless their endeavors by
using it in ceremonies. The tohacca growing here iy
especially blessed by Grandmother Earth and its mel:
low smoke coils into the air, rising into the Umbra and
attracting helpful spirits with its sweet, subele aroma,
The sept trades its tobacco to other septs throughout
the south, who use it in their most important ceremo-
nies and celebrations.

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds a7

nas


L

ee A

Sept of Heart's Blood

Loxiged within a caver in the mountains of west-
emNorth Carolina liesa gamet the size of achair. This
scarlet gemstone isthe focal point of the caem used by
the Sept of the Heart's Blood. Settled by Ukrena and
Croatan Wolf Changers that claim the Cherokee as
their Kinfolk, it isone of the largest eaerns in the area
Those of the Sept of Heart's Blood are noted for their
Arnelligence and quick wits as well astheir unorthodox
approach to solving disputes and resolving problems.
‘A trickle of red liquid thar rexembles blood walle forth,
from the gamet and falls in slow drops to.a pool that
abutsit on one side. Deserving Ragabash who drink of
the gamet heart's blood and who spend a night in
meditation receive an advantoge thsi is
provoking laughter and quick wits tt
(This advantage is somewhat atic
received by opening a cacr, adiaagtital
of an extra dot in Wits or a special abilityst dae
those who take themselves too seriously. S
are encouraged to grant deserving Ragabyal'& some

Sept of the Moon Cast Down

and of the Chickasaw. deep in the rall pine
forests and nestled in the yellow soil char sparkles with
shards of bright rock, rests

forms a near-perfect circle, iss floor awa
cof mica that glint and flash in the dappled light Hive
forms golden shafts herween the trees, Fat-hellied
swim amidst the flickering shadows, Here togliv
enormous gray and green-shelled Turtle-spitit
provides wise counsel to those who bring Re ei
com and pleasant company, iM

Sept of the Murturing Mother ——

In a sheltered crack in the bones of the Mother, "of Father Sky. The hot, he

high armid the fogey mountain ridges near Hot Springs
rests granite formation whose shape resembles that of
a mother, her abdomen made lange with her as-yet
unborn child. She sits, facing east, her head bowed as
though in reverence of reverie. Wind blows softly
around her, as though caressing even in the harshest
sale. Wild bernes grow, weaving around her, showing

inst grass or snow revardles of the season.
c Sept of the Nurturing Mother.
noted healers, Many of the
their way to

the mother's spirit. The Garou allow shamans to gather

a

pool which forms the |)
center of the caem of the Moon Cast Down. Thepool | mish,

herbs that grow nearby, herbs that ulways linger even,
when eliewhere they have disappeared for the winter.

Sept of the Green Stone

Hidden within: tangled forest near the western pat
of Tennesse, the enem tha serves the Sept of the Green
Stonehasutits heartan enormous moss-coveres houlder.
Rounded at the sides, yet flaton cop, it issometimes used
asa table for offerings made to Gaia and the protective
spititsofthecaem.Caem members breed with the nearby
‘Chickasaw, producing some of the fiercest Ahroun to be
found ipthe southeast. Those who swear to defend Gaia
end a night in mediration seated atop the

ws cmudled in theirarms. When: they
‘come da the tock the next maming, their eyes
have LON a green tint when ity wolf form and they
(och gautndyurayesin battle. Some move more quickly
having, to expend Rage, others may smell en-
‘emiggattemptini?bassttack them from behind. (Stoeytell-
encourages to grant deserving Anum some battle
of their choice as long as it doesn't unbalance

In this sacred place, the blood of our Mother runs
seth surface The Faterof Ries recess
Eecuom ofthe great spin of Uktena. We
ree cherselves with Father Sky's children, who shelter
Ridbice Lands. Those who do not speak to the
‘not hear Father's roar shall frrul them-
el ‘Caught and stenke beneath the quick eatth
ae tae

— Holata Step-Lightly, Uktena Warrior of the

Sept of Cypress Heart
Theeyecanses inthe Land of the Sky Hunters.
Mall pines seretch their ints high into the blazing sun
air breathes foreh rich
» scents and redolent aromas — the exhalation of the
Mother. Water is plentiful here too, as it is in all the
land of the Utena but one. Long, lazy channels twit
and curve in echo of Uktena's form. Water lies in
shallow pools; concedling sebrees in the marsh grasses
and tangled reeds ofbayou and awammp. Lines ofbreak-
crsbathe the pale sands, their blue echoing the gloryof
the sky and frond-crowned trees stir in the warn
winds, Fierce sky hunters swoop on feathered wings,
thelramaller cousing dorting in iridescent inwoce glory
while jeweled lizisds worch theni wich: hungry eyes,
tongues furled and ready Brocher alligator lives here as
well, his wide smile hiding a ravenous heart. His
Gluttony brocheer-fiad their our plicks of polict

Croatan Song

| ay /


eZ

within the deep, still wuters. The Chickitsaw and
Seminole know that the beaury of the great crane's
flight is balanced within Sky Hunter lands by a multi-
tude of dangers. Grandmother's teachings are harsh
here, yet hidden beneath a wareath and fertile gentle
image as deceptive as alligator's smile

The Umbra

Spirits hide cheir nature in this part of the spirit
world. Water-spirits shift and swirl in dizzying pat-
tems only to reform and look like spirits of the earth
or sky. All moves slowly until sudden storms heavy
with hurricane winds and lightning rush through,
g choos in their wake. Frenzy moves to calm
and solemnity gives way to hurry. then,
sleepy quiet. Only the proud and gi
great river known as the FatheeG@X
voice and form bring calmness
provides a point of consist

Banes too small to have been bouhid as yerin
hidden places. There they struggle heneath'
waters af the bayous and shriek out theiganger (
beneath the dark surface of the wetlands,

Sept of theiather of Water

Where the Mississippi River meets the Arkansas, |
inthe landsclaimed by the Chickasaw, standsthe Sept |

cok fo

sky has been transported within the chamber, Tow
the rear of the cavern rests # large (about 10 inches
across), unevenly shaped crystal atop a tock
formation reminiscent ofashelf. Thiscrystalisreputed
to have both healing powers and the ability to send
worthy petitionersprophetic dreams. (Storytellers who
wish to incorporate the crystal's powers into their
chronicles may allow the rumors to be true, while those
who prefer more low key stories may have the reputed
powers be a false tale.)

Sept of the Council Rock

Hf the leaning mound of the Choctaw in

Miss a qand of woods. Within them lies the
‘caer ‘of the Council Rock located near an
Ancientspteading oak, asplit rock the sizeof «council

spring of pure water chat falls overa series
fke5t0 form a stepping stone waterfall, Noted
or hostitifuof many important councils: and
sapere. the sept iF ao famous for producing Law
Givers of great renown. The Song Keepers whrn
Rock memorize tales of former councils and
athe Wolf Changer tribes and their

Sept of Cypress Heart.

) Inthe bayou landsalong the shores of what will be

‘of the Father of Waiters. On a tise overlooking Father | gglled Louisiana lies the caern claimed by the Sept of

River the shadowed face of an old man mark the
<aern. The old man keeps hiseyes ever vigilant, forthe
coiling Wyem spirit bound within the rich soilif the
riverbank below rests uneasily next to the ebb aid ow
of the mighty river, All through the night, its voiee
cries out in time with the sounds ofthe current flowing
by. Members of the sept honor the Father of Waters by
holding swimming and canoeing contests, Each as

sumes the duty of guarding the Wyrm spirit for one day: |
cach month; each hopes che Wyrmspawn will not

break free while he is on duty.

Sept of the Crystal

Wear & crysedl cleat wreck runing: amma tle
foothillsin what isnow Georgia reststhe leafand water
hidden caern of the Sept of the Crystal. Where the
stream tumbles down a high embankment to form
wide ribbon of waterfall and the leafy trees and shrubs
conspite to hide it lies cave entrance. Low ceilings
cause all whoenter todosoon handsand knees making
them perfect targets for those left guarding the caera
‘Once inside, the walls slope ourwand and the ceiling
rises, though Garou in Crinos sill must scoop. Within
the cool, shadowy interior, sparkles of crystal earch
whacever illumination is available as if starry night

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds

ae

Spathways for the people of the

"OypressHeart. Hidden among the swollen roots of a

Thuge peovelo' cypress trees, the caer remains shad

thickly hanging moss. Members of the sept
the seerets of the bayou and keep a close eye on
€ Mokolé who slither amid the nearby reeds. They
have Teariied to listen to the slow heartbeat of the
region and delve for hidden Banes who lurk beneath
the inky waters.

\Sept of the Sunrise Birds

Channels of water through the Everglades serve as
pt of the Sunrise

ocks af graceful binds the colors of the insi
sleclls fill die sky nid sseot, arcesby. Ths

shadows swirl across the waters, momentarily darken
ing the pools where catfish dwell, some large and
ancient enough to swallow a person whole of
the sept speak with the spirit of Catfish to learn of the
days before theit time. They place a ban on hunting
these grandfathers of the waters, a ban that the Semi
role nation also follows

Sept of the Blackwaters

Along the northern part of what will be Florida
runs the swiftly flowing Okalusa River. Creck.

eo


et 1th

Choctaw and Yundi fish and canoe along the switl-
ing dark waters of this sandy-bottomed river whose
purity is disguised by its inky darkness. Hidden on a
small island lying at the center of the black-sand
river where the depths cause a slight slowing of the
waters, the cwern of Blackwaters is known for its
fierce guardianship of Ukcena's waters. Despite its
apparent color, water caken fiom the river ly crystal
clear and tastes of refreshing purity. Some Garou
claim that the rivers wacers can cure Wyem-taint if
given to those affected by such or poured in sulfi-
‘cfent quantity over tainted ground.

Land of the Sacred Earth:
The Southwest

You look at this land and see
fullness, the red sock formations
stomes, the yucca and cacti,
spiders. Thea its sors in wind
spirits, which herein your so-called empriness,
any other place, can be seen and heard,
are, Listen
—Tiac
inthis
rive from the earth in ribbons the color of the sun
rot blood. Itisa land of extremes. Tall liffssoar
above deep gorges. Long stretches of sand marked,
by cacti and the occasional tumbleweed end a
iinscatlet mesassand fantastic stone archways cape
high relief against a biasing, unselentiny
pulses ina cloudless bright blue sky.

‘Though the land may appear barren, Gus hy
pmvided plenty for these who know Her it
honor thewaysofthe spirits. Cliff hide cool

clear stnara bubble op cen ie colts oll
long canyon bottoms, Thunderbird bl

life-giving rain that washes the valleys with dang
flash flood, while the delicate pinks and corals of
prickly pear and cholla, hardy manzanita, sagebrush,
yuna and ecru oak give shelter co jackrabbits, skinks
and rock squirrels, Hunters abound as well, including
the puma, bobcat, gray fox, coyote, wolf spider and
rattlesnake. Little surprise that the Ukeena feel the
gice of Pumonies and Nuwisha upon them as they

move through their daily tasks.

The Umbra

All the deepest, most eternal colors of Gaia flow
within the Umbra here. Spirits of the desert take ona
solid presence as though echoing the strength of cliff
and mesa. € uw come to the Umbral desert in the

50 Croatan Song

a ay

spring, to find a burst of vitality asthe Mother'sbounty
crosses with Ukrena's watery kiss to bring forth a true

paradise. Suil, at other times, spirits of the desolate
places and lonely clifftops gather here, maki

almost ax deserted as parts of the lands on extth.

The Sept of the Story Rock

Hidden in the shadow of a high canyon rim,
following the path of multicolored ribbons of rock,
runs a pattern depicting warriors and shamans, deet
and bighom sheep, Mother Spider and Father River
1p into the towering walls of stone. This

lof the Sept of the Stary Rock, set in the

nownas the Grand Canyon, along

fm near Tusayan. Here the sept mem-

at stories of the Hasat Sinom, the

ple, family to the Hopi, enemies of

pirits wander here, drawn by tales of

f¥ Rock in petroglyph form.
tell their tales in

ors so brithant as in the Valley of Rippling Flame.

ounded by soft, gray hills (later to be called the
¢Miquntains of southern Nevada), the ar

Of heautiful rock formations ranging from

toblood red tomidnight black. Amid

an archway known as the Voice of

pther. Of flame-red stone, the archway

hundred fect into the sky. The rock is

fluted and shaped by the wind that constantly blows

here and by che water that laps around its feet. The

soft singing of che Grandmother whispers down into

the valley and sends Her breath acrass the waters

Paiute Kinfolk come here to bathe and enjoy the

coolness of the valley. The Grandmother's voice

sings a lullaby to them, yetthe Wolf Changers hear a
differant cong, which tells them to make ready for
hard times yet to come.

Sept of the Spider's Wisdom

Jutting high into the windswept sky, the lair of
Grandmother Spider is an angular stone spire in the
area later to be called Canyon de Chelly in. Arizona
The Sept of the Spider's Wisdom takes its name from
ther preserice and its caern rests within the shadow cast
by her home. Hopi Kinfolk hanor Grandmother Spi-
der as link between the human world and Gala, but
Navajo Kinfolk speak of her only in whispers and use
her name to frighten unruly children.


~~

a

The Uktena know her. They see her walking
along the river thar reflects the face of her home
Sometimes she imparts wisdom to them. Orhert

the visions she brings make Theurges shudder in
darkness while standing in the waem light of day. The
sept and m: nfolk honor Grandmother
Spider wi nd their rites, seeking
always (0 remain in her favor

Sept of the Fallen Ones

High above the Canyon of the F
which later is called Chaco Canyon in New Me
a mesa rises. Of forbidding sandstone the col
dried blood, it glows on moonk thes. Within
shadow les the caem of the Sept of the Fallen One:
According to legend, this isthe place ofthe last stand
made in the time of the con the Life Killer
Banes who rose from deep within the
swallow the Anasazi people. The Uktena
ied howling their
an of the people
agreat warrior of the Ukrena, the edge of the
mesa. Strong arms,» sat Gifts at he
es off the crimson
to fall broken-backed vo the
below. Ar the foot of the mesa, shamans
ia ing # web of spirit to bind the three
forever in a giant kivs on the canyon floor. Two were
destroyed in the binding, but the thied cries out
vengeance to the winds thar circle to the top of the
mesa. Itisaholy place,a place of victory and sacrifice
for Qaletaga died even as he triumphed over the
Banes and the Anasazi live only in the songs of the
Ukteni and the Hopi who remember their names.

Land of the Sun's Crossing:
California

Weare not what you think us wo be. We are something,
chiferent thas all ochers. We are the last in te Pu
ee Helios' crossing each day and
Luma each naght, Git gave 1s this
tasks sua be hard
ing Rain speaking to fellow Uktera
aca ceibal gathering
From the cool misty forests of the giant redwoods
to the craggy windswept mountains with thei
cient bristle s esnow-coveredheigh
beaches with white capped w:
leys where water isan elusive:
the Land of the Sun's Crossing presents asm
f delicious variation. Bison move with stately
sclope leap fro

tock to spice. Pu


iA RRsat

A tft

sgreat yrlztlies share the Mother's bounty with the
wolf and the bohear while brothers condor and.
le soar above, Yet for all the land's grandeur, the
Changing Ones must remain ever vigilant for
fumeroles vend forth scalding breaths from Banes
beneath the earth und mountains shake with the
movements of angry Wyrm spirits roiling in lava
streams below to stir the bones of the Mother.

The Umbra

Spirits of fire and water clash withie the Umbra.
Great spirits of the Bay of the Day's End struggle with
the molten spirits of lava as switling fog spirits ise to
meet the sky. Suill the spirits of the eldest of trees and
the enduring mountains stand, challeny

constant vying for dominance.
actasmessengerstothe Wolf Ch

of changes in the restless evils

and water, secking to break thle

once again into the world,

Sept of the Towering Giants

Deep within the b
Nevada lies thy
Giants, Here the Ua :
hunt through fern-filled groves beneath the gear
olumns of the guint redwood trees. Among
giants who give shelter to white-tailed deer an

lacey

indfather Redwood. His highest limbs lost
mists above, Grandfather Redwood calls
sighing song to his towering stone broths
fistance — Old Man Mountain,

two brother

brothers, making cerrain that the propet «
paid to Mother Gaia. Ukeena live in the

hat as long as the sun lives ai
water flows he will survive to sing to his brother.

Sept of the Sheltering Spirit

Ina time longagoa great Seorm-spiritcame upon
the Uktena and their Chumash Kinfolk, overturning

their canoes.as they tried to make their way to safety.
One by one the skins of their boats tore and many
drowned. Finally «shaman called out to the Mother,

asking shelter for Her children anid the white-tossed
spume arid dark green waves. They saw a large open-
ing set into the high, rocky cliffs of an island, later
called Santa Cruz. With the Mother's blessing, they
made their way inside the sea cave where all was

calm. Today this is the caern serving the Sept of the
Sheltering Spirit. A huge sea cave, it rests in sight of
(on sunlit days) the shores of the home of the
Chumash, another island called San Miguel. The
opening can only be seen at certain times of the day
when the shadows of the cliff don't conceal it in
darkness. The channel into the eavera is deep and
many fish tind shelter there when the waves are
restless, Further inside, a sandy beach slopes down.
into the water and sandpipers, gulls and black oyster-
catchers peck at the rich treasures the sea leaves in.
sindasAbove, in the swirling grottoes along the
fling, tiny red bats flitcer and warch the
thanks to the Mother.

"ir bases lost in the waters below. Stus

black surface of the saley waters that fill

cl desert plateau east of the
Nevadas. Here rests the Septof the Pointing Stars,
the twisted spires ome claim are the remnants
Biggs octineain forthe ern

yw the Yokut fish and hunt here under the
inc of their Uktenakin, though none —Garou
arb the surface ofthe lake at night.

Proud Warrior

ded by a profusion of desert plants and
wildflowers; the Proud Warrior, called the Joshua Tree
by later white explorers, spreads his arms to the pow-
edful spiritof thesun. He isa giant among his kind and
his mighty limbs give shelter to many birds, lizards and
sects. Nearby rests the cacmn of the Sept of the Proud
fartior in the land that will someday be called the
Mojave. The Uktena here subsist on the bounty of the
Wourion ao trey yuan « Llaoced strech of sit flats
neatby — where a restless Wyrm-spirit rattles and
rustles beneath che sands,

Lands of the Wenrigo

Stretching across the northem half of North
America, the territory claimed by the Wendigo con-
tainy some of the Pure Land's most dramanc and
dangerous landscapes — glactal expanses, ancient
forests, towering mountains, barren tundra and vast
plains. Grandmother Earth has poured Her passion

52 Croatan Song

LA PS TS TR


aay

~~

»

into the winds that scour the high places and sweep
acrossthe plains. Her songvetch pattemsofsorrow and
anger into the surface of frozen lakesaand glacial ridges.
Those who respect the Grandmother's harsh wisdom
find abundance here; those too weak or lazy to search
for Her hidden bounty find only their deaths.

Land of the Singing Snow:
the Arctic World

Listen. Above the silless of the frozen night. the
spits of the ice hone with furious glory. Theives crack
the skies, nipping opart the silence atthe top ofthe world
Beneath the ie, bea spits sar im outrage, shaking the
arth with their voices. Keeping their lonely sig, the
children of Wendigo join their woices tothe winds and sing
4 sone of praise w Grandmother Earth
Akiak Sings-touigil
Runnlgg c= Sopa -

i | tonal
theit homes in
couched by the

‘The taken of aape give these realm
sso names dh define them sn terns eri:
Alaska, r id, Newfound.
land, Baffin and'
The Wendigo have litte tse €6F such limiting names,
These lands are their home and their responsibility.

The Umbra

The spirit world shines with an eerie brightness in
this near-pristine land. Luna's light pours forth upon
alabaster sheets of unbroken snow and luminescent

e-plains. Spirits of ice and snow hold unquestioned
over the Arctic Umbra. Close to the heart ofthis

realin, Wenudigo and his pisit brood keep watch over
their territory, eager to lash out against any of the
Homed Serpent's minions that try to exert thelr cor-
tupting influence over this part of the spirit lands

Notable Caerns

A network of caems, many of them surrounding
ancient orholy places, allow the Wendigo ofthe arctie to
maintain their contact with one another. With the
‘cem'senerzies, the ribe can protect their icy lands from

cee SS AA FEA CO

incursions by unbound minionsof the Homed Serpent as
well asother manstrous ereatures bom from the spits of
ice, snow ng hunger,

Sept of the Running Jee

‘A large placil outcropping on che cons of north

sted in her

task of forming islands out of the icy northern land.

Sept of Grandmother's Tear
Centered around a large, tearahaped rock near

em Canada, the Sepe of
Grandmother's Tear keeps guard over their human
Kinfolk and a small pop sctic wolves. The
unusual warmth that ra this rock provides
healing and sustenance for the sept members.

Sept of the Howling Winds

An icecave system near Bristol Bay, Alaska, serves
as the center of the cacm protected by the Sept of ibe
Howling Winds. The cave's walls goneaiti®iitAy holes
1D surface into the
song. = at

_<petigrarcolisedtintstiorn

Sept of the Stone Watchers

Grearstone pillars mark the horizon near Corona
tion Gulf in the Canadian Aretic. One of these pillars
forms the heart of the caern of the Sept of the Stone
Watchers. The Wendige who dwell here protect their
Inuit Kinfolk as well as the herds
provide sustenance for them,

Sept of the Laughing Seal

‘A sonall Aleutian isand off the tip of the Alaskan
peninsula provides a home for the few Wenuligo who
anand the Sept of the Laughing Seal, one of the oldest
‘Wendigo caernsin the Fare Lands, Created because of a
‘promise made to Seal himself in return for permission to
‘hun his children for food, the caer centers around a
rock that juts out from the island and serves a a basking
place for arctic seals in the short summer months.

Across the Top of the World:
Kinfolk Migrations

From their emergence in the Pure Lands in the
earliest beginnings of the world, the humans thar in-
habie the arctic climes of North America have made

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 53

nnn aE


eee A SSG

slow but steady movement from the westemmost region
the Bering Sea to the caster island of Greenland.
Thelnupiae, Yupikand Inuit people,collecrively known
as Eskimos, spread out slowly across the northernmost
portions of the continent, until some of them reached
Greenland around 1000 AD, Earlier,» branch of the
Inwucsettied umong the Aleutian Islands off the tip of
Alaska, hecoming a nanon distinct trom their cousins.
The extreme harshness of the climace discouraged typi
cal migratory pattems and the territories of the arctic
peoples remained relatively stable until the comin: of
the Europeans, Even then, European arrival, with one
extraoedinary exception — the arrival in ‘the 1ch
century of a None expedition —did not impinge upon
the ice dwellers until the 19th century.

Land of the Towering Trees:
the Pach eae

Coe Fi me ‘will know my wrath

Reap my fearvest sth

"Themocky, forested Jens
srrotche fie 1.500 miles, forming a corridos of ewift
running PveBiiand dense woodlands. Higltimieuntain
nilges that Fe patel tothe aseetiepvene
lanl from the intetion OF the an mountains
do more than act as Balti ee. they uap the
moisture that comes from the ocean, forcing it from the
sir as abundant rainfall and lingering mists and fo.

The thick forests supply che region with anv abun
slance of ame animals such aselk and deer, beaver and
‘otter, mountain gost) and bears. Por thei part, the rivers
and inlets provide arichnessof salmon, cod, candlefish,
hulibucand other fish aswell asshellfish and sea urchins.
Inthe deeper waters, whales, sca lionsand porpoises add
yet another source of food and vital resources, Berries,
rootsand wild celery grow here, too, bucthe ground does
not yield well o planted crops

In later years, these regions become known ta the
Europeans as the northem Pacific coust and include
the southern coast of Alaska as well as the shores of
British Columbia and Washington State.

The Umbra

Shadowy forests and rushing waters backed by
high, craygy, tree-covered mountains give the spirit

world a majestic eeriness. The Umbral niris redolent
with moisture as fog and mist spirits glide through the
realm, obscuring vision and impartingasense ofheavi-
ness to those who travel in this other world, Animal
spiritsdvell among the woodlandsand in che watersof
the Umbra, keeping watch over their flesh-bourd
children in the physical world. The Horned Serpent's
spawn — those who escaped the bindings of the
Ukrena in the ancient times — lurk in dark places,
waiting for vietims to wander into their clutches.

Notable Caerns

"The places considered most sicred to the Grand-
rmotherin thisconstal land alsoact assentinel posts forthe
‘Wendigo who guard them. Messengers from the sprit
world frequently seek entry to the caems, where they
deliver mesages of warning or pass along pleces of infor:
mutton about distant places,

Sept of the Hiden River

A branch of the Sheena River, in the homeland
of the Tsimshian, takes sudden tum and disappears
underground for several miles, emerging. finallyein
the heart of the omnipeesunefote8tThe place of its

emergence fgemiitlie Heart of the caern guarded by
"Hidden River. The water thie rushes

gh the caern possesses an uncanny purity and
clearness, imparting strength and healing to the ant
mals that feed ftom it. Animals wounded hur not
killed by hunters sometimes find their way into the
heart of the ener, where they receive healing for
their wounds —either from the waters of th
at the hands of the sept members.

Sept of the Shrouded Rock

‘A massive rock crowned by a stand of evergreens
lies off the shore of Rialto Beach in the land of the
Chinook. Mist ftom the ocean surrounds the island,
cloaking it ftom view for most of the year. The top of
the rock servesas the heart of the caer belonging to
the Sept of the Shrouded Rack, Brom thie high, ce

cluded place, the Wendigo who dwell here keep guard
over their Kinfolk on the shore as well as the
creatures that come to shelter at the island' base,

Sept of the Seam of Heaven

Situated on the side of a forested mountain in the
Tlingit homeland, off the Alaskan shore, the caemn
protected by the Sept ofthe Seam of Heaven vers
spectacular vista of the far horizon. On clear nights,
septmembers gather to payhornage tothe spirits ofthe
sky and sing to the Star-spirits thar dance overhead,

Croatan Song


S

=e

ee SZ

forming the milky sheet of stars known to the Europe:
ans as the Milky Way

Separate Lives: Kinfolk Migrations

From the time of their arrival in the distant past,
the people of the Pacifie Northwest have dwelt in
isolatedenclaves, maintainingdistinet cultures (though
sharing some common traits), Occasional wars be-
ween peoples resulted in some cross-cultural contact,
bur wholesale migrations remained relatively rare un-
til the coming of the European explorers and settlers.
The diseases brought by these strangers caused the loss
of many whole towns and villages, particularly among
the Haida, who were forced to leave their homelands
1 save themselves from utter extinetic
more nd more lands were claimed by the
‘American nation, large-scale forced movements of the

Pacific tribes sep: pe homes
and from their Wenig

When Ieee Sid wast ar splenidtnd Fae
Grandmother in Hex youthandigo. The sg of he weal

ell: c

© hi on! gl fn ert

place of many colons, many shapes and many -
Namida sienna,

the Sapeafthe Mountain Mirror ar
Acrossthetbrcodth of the North Ammetfliin conti-

nent these fan southward ie edge of

the Arctic Circles Canadaand

sjatn the Lard from che norchetf Rockies to the North
Atlantic coast. The territory encompassed by the
forests and plains of the subarctic lands covers more
than 1wo million square miles. The landscape wears a
variegated cloak of cowering mountain peaks, crystal
clear lakes, frozen tundea, glacier-carved river valleys,
fertile boglands, endless plains and thick primeval
forests. Long, bitter winters give way to short, warm
summers in this realm of ever-changing beauty and
challenge. Caribou and moose roam the open spaces
and the frozen lakes; in the forests, beaver, muskrat,
hare and porcupine muke their hounes, Here, too,
dwell the wolfand the bear. Waterfowl dwell along the
cedges of the rivers and lakes, feasting on the plentiful
harvest of fish thar swim in the warers.
Luter times would assign foreign names to this
ent realm: Alaska, the Yukon, the North-
skatchewan,
Ontario, Quebec, Newfound-

lojey heights, of ce umd melting,

The Umbra

Just asthe earth shows many aspects in the phys
cal world, the Umbva of this «
landscape in shadowy inmages: Gi ins Loom
impossibly high in the spirit world, while tundra and
taiga seem to stetch erllessly across the Umbral
horizon. Rivers crash and tumble chrough 9
leys, where the ghosts of glaciers form a hazy patter
barely visible to the joumeyer. The spirits of caribou,
moose and other animals roam the vast open spaces,
wary of predator spirits as they re-enact the endless
eycleof the hunt. Theairresounds with the cries ofthe
wind and cold spirits that claim this realm for their
own, while the songs of the water spirits mingle with
theit earth-hound brothers to create a wild und rtyeh:
mic chorus. Darker spirits move with care ehrough
these realms, knowing that others of their kind lan
guish in captivity, hound by powerful rituals.

Notable Caerns

‘The caems that cover this broad expanse of tert
tory seive a vital purpose in connecting die various

‘Wendigo septs with one another. Moan bndges aie
quick transportation an thie passage of mes-

sengers berwéfisents. In addition, these caerns form x
 aglea that holds in plice the seals of bound
'yrm-creatures sct in-place by the Uktena in the early
centuries after the Garou arrived in the Pure Lands,
Sept of the Mountain Mirror

Located in the shadow of Mt, McKinley, the
highest mountain in the North American conti
nent, an upthrust rock near the edge of a pristine
ake forms the heart of the caetn of the S
Mountain Mirror. The Wend
caeen keep a diseant watch o

fm reflects the varied

+ their Tanana Kin:
folk and scour the lund for evidence of escaped
minions of the Horned Serpent.

Sept of the Northern Winds

A lonely stand of wind-scoured conifers thrusts
1d from the icy tunda where the Northem Ojibwa
make their home. Here, the Sept of the Northern
‘Winds guardsacacm inthe midstof the tees, secluded
from the worst of the winds. The sept's members range
dover a large territory of windswept ice-plains and
frozen rivets in the long winters, searching for angry
spirits co appease or banish from the land.

Sept of the Lowland Spirits

The low-lying lands near the mouth of the La

Grande River in thi homeland of the Cree contain 3

up

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 55

TT,


|

we fh

tidal pool that serves as the heart of the caemn of the
Sept of the Lowland Spirits. The Wendigo that guard
this caern speak with the spirits of the tides and the
river itself to learn of approaching dangers and provide
them with knowledge of faraway places

A Slow Progression: Kinfolk Migrations
For many centuries, the people of the northern
lands remained in relatively seable terial yroupings.
Contact with European fur tradets, however, began t0
change the putter of fund divisions as some nations
Proved more willing to deal with the newcomers. In
general, many ofthe tribes gradually moved southward,
easing population ofthe land by European

jesandsettlorsforced many of the

spirits of Oe a

fillies Her with
of those. rey duel

Aarts ind nurering

Thi Fe qfaentet ancl the homme of the prev.

the Septiof the oT
. by thes dane othe five

» a9 the Great Lakes supp

i aa animal life. In the
hes, abowe Lale»Super z
bh terrain providellittle inthe wayofcultivated crops
but supply a cautious bounty of game animals and fish.
Maple trees in the northem regions yield their sap
during the eatly spring. Further south, along che shores

Lake Michigan, the land yields food in the form of
wild rice én addition to whundant game and wildfowl
The birch forests along the shores of Lake Huron
provide hunters with a wide variety of animals auch as
‘moose, mink and beaver, while the neatby lands support
rice and other staple crops. The land cradled by Lakes
Huron, Erie and Ontario provide both arable land and
hunting grounds. Though winter brings a six-month
perioctofmow and bitter cold, the rest of the year knaws
‘more hospitable climate suitable for planting, ishing
and the pursuit of gare.

The Umbra

The spirit world of the Lake region vibrates with the
nergy of swift moving whitewater and crashing falls.
Turbulent Storm-spirits howl across the surface of the
Lakes, coiling the spirits chat dwell within che waters.

56

——_———— a

) who guard,

More placid spirits of wild rice and birch trees spread
theiranchors throughoue the Umbra, bringing balance
toa realm of constant fluctuation, The spints of Moose
and Bear and smaller creatures populate this portion of
the otherworld. Past ayes exist here as well; great walls
of ice, marhlands and cundra linger in the Umbral
memory, casting shadows that crowd the spirit land-
scape and whisper wamings of more change yettocome.

Notable Caerns

Despite the conflicts that sometimes raged among
Kiinfoll nations in this region of lakes and valleys, the
seriesofcnerns that dotthisarea keep the Wendiyss aware
of the activities of theie far-spread triberates. The lines
of power thar radiate ourwant from these caernsformanet
that guards the land and keeps the wards against the
Wyrm from weakening.

Sept of the Winding Tree

A magnificent cedar, ewisted by the winds of
time, rests on a rocky slope overlooking Lake Supe-
Hotin the homeland ofthe Ojihwanation The heare
of the caern claimed by the Sept of the Winding ree,

this sacred spot briny forntitivt'the Wendigo
Sere ent ovitnee'n

in thelr ceascless battles against the
ies of the Grandmother.

Sept of the Shining Island

‘One of the many islands that line the shores of
Lake Huron contains flacrock that servesasthe heart
of the caem of the Sept of the Shining Island. On
nights when Luna's light shines at is peak, the rock
gleams with an unearthly glow. The Wendigo, who
keep watch over the caern and setve as protectors for
their Ottawa Kinfolk that dwell nearby, gather at the
shining rock to bask in its glow and receive visions
from the spirit world,

Sept of the Frozen Star

Hiddlawithin eaten of maple erdssin the ncith:
‘em forestsabove Lake Superior in the Cree homeland,
an unusual dark-colored rock lies perpetually encased
nafilm ofice. Even in te hottest parcof the year, the
slisteninygice that covers the rock only becomes moist,
never melting fully. Legends of the Wendigo tell how
fragment of a broken star plummeted to carth during
the time of the great ice and buried itself in the
Grandmother's breast for shelter from # great war in
the heavens. The Angalkuk of the Sept of the Frozen
Star spend much of their time studying the mysterious
stone, which seems to impart a pungent sweetness to

Croatan Song


v

et tft

the sap from the surrouncling maples and accelerates
any healing that takes place within bowshot.

Ancient Journeys: Kinfolk Migrations
Legends from the earliest days speake of the long
joumey ofthe Anishinabe, ancestors ofthe Algonquian
tribes thar sertled near che Great Lakes. Warned in a
vision to leave their eastern homelands, these early
people traveleddown the watcewaysof he St. Lawrence
and found a new place to dwell along the shores of
Lakes Superior, Michigan and Huron. Many of the
nations in this area moved continually within a lim-
ied sphere. Eventually, however, the coming of the
Europeans would result in the abandonment of much
of the territory as whole nations were forced to move
to the "unpopulated" plains west of the Mississippi

ithe waters of the
‘Susquehanna, the fet tt the two eastern
Great Lakes provides a rich variety of life-sustaining
bounty. Marked by great courses of rivers and lakes,
adomed by mountains molded by the passing of the
glaciers, the landscape of chis region displays the
Grandmother'sever-changing temperament, Evergreen
forests of hemlock and pine east lingering shadows over
the northern regions, while mixed growths of maple,
Eads, Gab ane bouche aa washely Go die foccols uf ne

southern portions of the land. Deer, beaver, bear and

other wildlife supply ample prey for hunters, while the
forests and valleys yield a bounty of berries, herbs, leafy
greens as well as crops such as squash, beans and corn.
Cold winters and warm, pleasant summers define the
cycle of activity and rest for the people and creatures
that call this land their home.

The Umbra

Breathtaking beauty sind stark contrasts mark the
spirit world ofthis region. The horde of Water spirits

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 7

nen iene

that cluster around the area of Niagara Falls clouds the
‘Umbra with heavy mist and glistening pinpoints of light
that brighten the spirit realm's eternal twilight. Old
Mounain-spirits lend a feeling of peacefulness to their
part of the spitie world, while River-spitits and quick-
moving animal spirits convey an airt excitement and Bf
vitality to the hinds they rouch upon, Darker spirits
dwell hee, cov. Spirits of war and rivalty proliferate tn
this portion of the Umbra. Their cries filter across the
‘border between the worlds and inflame the hearts of the
nations that inhabit che physical ealm. Bound ninions
of the Homed Serpent stit restlessly in their spirit
prisons, eager to break fee, sensing the imininenice fa
turning in the eyeleehae may lead to the end oftheir
Jong captivity,

Notable Caerns

The frequent conflicts between Kinfolk nations
make the networkofcaems acrtical meansfor Wenligo
septs to keep in touch with one another despite their
warring Kin. An abundance of places of power have
established a strong web of protection that holds back
incursions of Wyrm-creatures and maintains the wands
of monte sed hop

ancient hill thae overlooks the glacier-carved
valley ofthe Seneva River forms the heart ofthe caer
protected by the Sept of the Great Hill. Ancient
legends tell how the first of the Seneca crawled from
this hill as if climbing out of a mother's womb. The
land around the caer is unusually fertile and animals

come here during mating season, drawn by the pull of
the sacred hill

Sept of the Thundering Water

Massive and overpowering, Niagara Falls demi-
nates the landscape for miles around. Atthe base of the
falls, hidden in a cave behind the chick curtain of
roaring water, a small rock pool forms the heat of the

caern of the Sept of the Thundering Water. The water
from this pool cleanses thase who drink from ir at the:

ctescent moon, banishing Harano and purifying any-
cone exposed to the corruption of the Homed Serpent.
During the full moon, the waters of the pool inerease
warlike abilities, giving sept members burst of righ:
‘ous rage to use against their enemies.

Sept of the Wild Geese

A circle of dry ground in the marshlands near
Cayuga Lake seryesas the heartaf the caer of the Sept
ofthe Wild Geese, Waterfowl ofall kinds dwell within


the marshlands, but the geese thar come to rest upon
this spot differ from normal birds. These creatures
cary messages to and from the various septs in the area
and, tonally, function as s Messengers whe
cries warn of danger in the Umbra or announce the
arrival of strangers. The Wendigo who protect the
eaeen have noticed that the earth always stays dry andl
‘warm around the caern's heart

Wars and Pacts: Kinfolk Migrations

The legends of the people of the Hudson Valley
and the eastern Great Lakes proclaim theit otigins in
theirancestral lands. While some of the nations may

havecomesouth fromecolderclit ice they reached
h lands reat Lakes, they re

imuined relatively settled, except for seasonal travels

ing claims caused by frequent
sof war With the coming of the Europeans,
et, the native homelands were doomed. Forced
migrations westward separated the human peoples
from their Wendigo protectors. In some cases, groups
moved southwant longthe Ohio valley and expanded
into ta scared by the fall of the Mississippean
culture. ally, most of the Wendigo themselves
abandon their territory in this region and join with
their mote northern tribemates

‘of the eastern

Ss

Land of the Dawit
The North Atlantic Coast

"The song carved on the cold winds wars of danger
Bufjeted by the ocean's cries, the rushing winds sing of @
troubled past and of a coming darkness. Even in the quiet
between the stinms, my heart grows weary of the waiting
Suroninded by plenty, [fee the pulse ofthe Grandkmoeher's
heart —cndl She ts fearful for Hler children,

Mahika Wolf's Daughter, Wendixo
Daebaudjimoot of the Sept of the Greatest Mountain

‘A rugged andl ha

the North Atlanci

h land lies where che waters of
shores of the North
the evact buae
he scouring of the ocean's tides. Great
forests cover granite hills and winding rivers m:
theirrelentless
passing throu

witness to

award journey through rocky wa
quiet lake

along their path. C
giving winds, but
nntler breezes to coax the land into
dible plants — fruits, berries,
ids shelver wilkfow! and pro
duce a variety of succulent grasses and tuhers. Fish
abound in the rivers povides a bounty
nd other shell
the

winrers bring deep snows and unfor
summers carry

com and roots, Marsh

Croatan Song

moma

TT,


sty

|
|
|
|
7
|
|
|

ee A

ever-changing.climate,proofofthe year'sjourney from
new beginnings to bitter endings.

The Umbra

The eternal strugele between warer and earth
makes the spirit world in this region a dynamic vortex
cofhowling spirits. Fog-spirits mies together, giving the
Umbra

Riverpritsforright of precedenceduringthe Umbral
winter. At ather times, the spirits of the forests and
hillsexerca calming influence upon the realm. Disqui-
eting voices from the ocean-bom winds tell of troubled
times, however, and now and chen, some Wyrin-spirit
breaks free of its bindings and screams its vengeance
cross the spirit world.

Motable Caerns —

fount
Penobscdtpeaple of the
serves \@e thh, heart of tho cactn of the
Greatest Motintain. Sepe membes

changing weather throu

Sept of the Guardian Beast.

A moss covered cliff-top on the island now
known as Martha's Vineyard, home of the
‘Wampanoag nation, serves as the heart of the caern
belonging to the Sept of the Guardian Beast. From
the vantagepoint presented by the cliff, sept mem
bers can view great whales swinmmning in the oc
depths. The moss thar grows over the caern's heart
possesses many nutrients and can provide complete
sustenance in times of famine.

Sept of the Earthshaper

Anelbow of forested land that juts out into Lake
Champlain, in the homeland of the Western
Abenaki nation, forms the hei Athecacrn claimed
by the Sept of the Earthshaper. Legends tell of a
powerful servant of the Horned Serpent that lies:
chained deep in the earth not farfrom the caern and
sept members keep constunt vigit for evidence that

the bindings are loosening. The winds that blow

fr

nthe lake sometimes carry angry moans from the
risoned Wyrm-spawn,

Sept of the Ocean's Gifts

A piece of shoreline near the cold waters of the
coast of the Micmac homeland (now New Brunswick)
serves as the heart of the caetn guarded by the Sept of
the Ocean's Gifts. Seprmembers keep a careful watch

shellfish and other sealife of the North Atlantic.
Appeasing Storm-spirits and battling with monsters
that lurk in the strong tides keep the Wendigo who
dwell here fit for battle,

Away from the Sun:
Kinfolk Migrations

The native nations of the northeastern «
did not remain exclusively in thei ancestral lands.
Though many remained near the coastal water
eastern forests, others traveled westward, eventu-
ally settling in the great plains region and mixing
with the other nations already in residence, The
coming of the Europeans, howeversfilaek&d these
people as sapneysstene 0 sulter the loss of nun
het and) more ingly, the forced removal

Those who did nor leavedied

ni Pe disease or from the muskets and guns of the

invading armies of the white settlers. Like their
cousins to the west, the Wendigo who once pro
rected these lands departed for other places not yet
tainted by the corruption of the Europeans

Land of the Endless Grasses:
The Great Plains

Hear them, the wind spirits, as they travel across the
vast open spaces of this land. Nothing impedes their passing
‘ov stops their somgs from giving voice wo theit exudution.
(Only the gathering of the storms can trap these wins
sending them into a twisting, honing vortex of black
destruction. Only the raging fires cam heat the winds mito
incandescent fry. These are the lands of rw restrictions
and no boundaries

—Mahkah Races-the-Fire, Wendigo Mediwiwin,
Sept of the Rock Plains

The central part of the Noth American continent
‘consists of vast plains that extend westward from the
Mississippi Vallcy to the foothills ofthe Rocky Mountains
nd northward from the Red River Valley to the
Saskatchewan River. A few hills and rock formations
interrupt the almost endless procession of grass, kod

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 59

LS a


ee A

lands and prairies, but the overall mood of this fur-
reaching land is one of spacious grandeur — and wulner

ability. With few high places to act as windbreaks and
fewer dense forests to further butler the land from the
ravages of wind and weather, this region knows the full
savagery of heat and cold, Ley winds from the subarctic
lands plummet down through the plains in the winter,
canrying their tuaeden of snow aud hail. In summer, b
winds scour the face ofthe earth, bringing drought to the
pares and fields. Storms lose all sense of limitations in
this place, gathering themselves mto violent displays of
thunder and lightning or forming foiling mases of clouds
that swoop down upon the helpless land in twisting spirals
of death, Sail, the nd bear gftsfor those whodwellhere
Great herdsof bison roam the prairies, alongwith deerand
other iemals, Bears come down from the moun
‘tins in some seasons, seeking food for the coming cold
times. The lon grow tivation of
com, beans and 0

erg as they
to the other. Sh

« hoo
ih

os the spirit plains, unaware shigrbefore

hildren will hecomeithe victims of

Notable Caerns —

Though separated by great distances, the many
cacrns of the plains region provide a sense of conti-
nuity and cohesiveness for the far-spread Wendigo
caitetakets of the land. The lines of power, though
thinly spread, hold back many bound creatures and
serve to protect Kinfolk from many of the local
monsters and evil spierts.

Sept of the Rock Plains

‘A deep vertical fissure near the rocky formation of
Snake Butte, in the homeland of the Assiniboin and
Gros Ventre nations, contains n passage to @ cavern
pitred with wind-carved holes. This place is the heart
of the caem protected by the Sept of the Rock Plains.
The Wendigo guardians of this eaern seek visions in
the darkness of thiscavern, where the winds that find
their way from the outer world carry dreamsof titnesto

Croatan Song

om rn rn ery,

‘come and remind those who hear their songs of past
battles against the creatures of the Homed Serpent

Occasionally, one of the sepr's members acts asa
mentor to young Kinfolk warriors who come to this
place on a vision quest

Sept of the Seven Stars

Halfway up the slope crowned by the massive mck
pillar later known as Devil's Tower, in the lands of the
Kiowa, arock shelf servesasthe heart ofthe caern ofthe
Sept of the Seven Sears. The Wensigo who watch over
this caer hold vigil during the nights ¢f no moon in
honor of the cluster of stars called the Pleiades by the
Europeans. During times of great storms, sept members
can hear the angry growlsofone of the Homed Serpent's
bound children, locked away in aspiriteagebeneath the
ground not far from the heart of the caem.

Sept of the Dry Waters

Atop ane of the rocky hills in the mountain range
known as the Badlands, in the territory of the Lakora
Stoux, the Sept of the Dry Waters guards w shallow
depression in the cath, which serves as the heart of
their caer. In ancient times, ws uthifdepres
sion spilled up que of dheetOt looded the land.
WhentheGrandmorher petitioned Father Sky ta save
eradrowning children, the storm winds blew away all
¢ water, leaving behind the sculpted forms of rocky
hills. In times of drought, the Wendigo perform cer-
emonies around the ener's heart to bring rain for the
relief of their Kintolk

Into a Vast and Empty Land:

Kinfolk Migrations
The

liest people to settle the Great Plains came
from the far north, attracted by the warmer climone
and abundant game. In the fitst century AD, people
from the eastem woullands migrated into the region,
bringing 2 slightly more settled culture to the strictly
nomadic way of life tharexisted here previously. By the
ith century, many population groups began moving
into the area, seeking better lands tor cultivation or
ele as.a result of the movement of still other tribes.
From the north came the Apache and the Kiowa,
while the Crow and Mandan moved in from the east
The Wichita and Pawnee moved up from the south,
filling the plains with a variety of semi-nomadic cul-
tures. The European settlement of the lands eastof the
Missisippi forced other eribes westward beginning in
the Inte 1600s. Members of the Sioux and Algonquian
nations fled westward, while groups of Shoshonean
people moved eastward into the plains, In many cases,

A con


0

oe AZ

the Wendigo who guarded these tribes accompanied
thelr Kinfolk, while in other cases, the newcomers
were adapted by the Wendigo already in residence.

Other Shapeshifters

The Three Brothers may be the most prolific
and apparent supernatural inhabitants of the Puce
Lands, bue they are not alone. Some members of the
other Changing Breeds crossed the land bridge along
with — or hefore — the three Garou tribes did.
Suine shapeshifters have been in the Pure Lands all
along. These shapeshifting cousins often share hu-
man Kin with the native Garou, although this is
usually circumstantial.

shapeshifters here are not as hospitable as they could
be, there is a remarkable peace berween the Breeds
The Second War of Rage has yet to strike the Pure
Lands, When Garou does fight Bastet (or whomever)
in these lands, it's no more common than Garou
fighting Garou. The Changing Breeis might not be
ready to share one another's cacrns and secrets, but for
now, there's nothing preventing them from being civil
when they do cross paths.

There ore, of course, other shapeshifters in the
Pure Lande then those Listed below. The occational
werespider scurries across the baked plateaus of the
Southwest, or settles in a den in some shady comer g
the Appakichians. There are Rokea among the sh

‘Adlantic aind Pacific alike, and the rare Mok

shapeshifters listed
lands and the pe
They are ready t
Pure Lands —

Corax

The ifters aren't the most populous of
shapeshi it's a hard thing to make another
Cora xy manage to hold on to what's theirs
easily en h. The Corax of the Pure Lands are a
sociable hunch, at least as far as others are concerned.
‘They have no real social structure of their own apart
from recognition of cach other's rank and the occa:
siocual Parliament, but they enjoy spending time with
their "rounded" cousins whenever they can. Their
reputation hasspread through the three tribes andl thus

through their Kin, ensuring that Raven is spoken well
of in most places where he is spoken of at all

If anything, the Corax have become somewhat
lazy in the latter part of the Middle Times. With m
of the Wyrm's forces accounted for, there's consider

ably less for them to spy out and less riding on their
vigilance. When the Europeans

the most remarkable thing Uhat dhe C

member happening for centuries. But wi

st War of
he land bridge
ct few made it

Rage, and when 1
during the Great Mj
Since then, their
slowly. The lang
might, and so the Ourahl bide their time and wait for
when they are truly needed.

Most Pure Lands shapeshifters know the Guraht
only by reputation, although thar reputation is good.
A tew septs, mostly in the Rocky Mountainsand the
northem forests, enjoy the presence of a nearby

Gurahl cldcagiliithese cases, the werebear usually
spends m ‘slumbering, rousing only ifthe

Us as their territory.
thelr Garou

common, they travel up into then

Chapter Two; Whose Hunting Grounds ol

ae eT,


into Mesoamerica as it strikes theie fancy. The average
‘Nuwisha has better things todo than waste al is time
pestering Garou (and their Kin), bur they nonetheless
make such mischief that Coyote's reputation becomes
remarkably widespread.

Nuwisha Kinfolk are widely scattered, and are
much less rightly knit than are Garow Kin. Many
werecoyotes go theit entice lives without ever know
ingly breeding with a Kinfolk mate. However, the
Nowisha tend to make up for this by mating enthusi
sstically with almost any willing partner they can find;
if this means adultery or seduction, 30 be it, Some
Nuwisha areeven bold enough toseduce GarouKin—
or the werewolves thea@\We8! Thuis can lead to some
highly embarrassing se en the youngsters who
turn out to be werpcoyoteseuimeufage, The werewolves
ate usually ficiently Ree Spore tBllgck after the

young Nuwishiy antil another werecoyore wanders
; bens

slong to pick upthe youngster, bu eshuve been
known to hi gn a werewolf pride is too great.

Pumonca

Y PimyMfor certs @wactly when the
wer -ame tthe Pure Lind I' spiible that
they —— ‘with their Qualait brethren during the
ion, refuging to reeal themselves to the

emai who shared their ad. Bur given the cou-
gar-children's tierce dedication to the land, some won
ler if it isn't rue that the Pumonca were inv the Pure
Lands before the humans and other shapeshifters ever
autived. fe's cercainly posible chat the Pumouca were
the Pure Lands frst guardians, more puma than human,
If this is true, though, it would he impossible to get a
Pumonea to admit to it —because, after all, if Gaia did
indeed ask the Three Brothers to come and clean the
Pure Lands, that would mean that the werecougars
weren't enough to defend their land.

‘The werepumuasatesolizary people, and they
keep caems, They rove across their protecrorares singly,
‘guarding all areas with equal fervor, Their numbers are
strong — at least as much so us ene could expect from so
reclusive a Changing Breed. While their Qualmi cousins
cexcupy the northwoods, che Pumonea range across most
ofthe land that willoneday be the United States; they are
also sid to range int Mesoamerica andeven the Andes.
Their human Kin tend tobe hardy and fierce, given more
to hunting chan agriculture. They are on speaking terms
with the tribes of the Three Brothers, but these laconic
folk re not exactly what one would call friendly. They

a others — butthis reticence does
the Europeans arrive, and the
Pumonca taste de Second War of Rage in full

Qualmi

Thewerelynxeshavealwaysheenacuriouspeople,
and it's this trait that may have saved them from
extinction, As the Garou tribes were drawing farther
and farther apart during the War of Rage, the Qualmi
—who were being massacred in their European home-
lands — took careful note of the departure of the
Three Brothers. When the Gree Migration bean,
mont of the surviving werelynxes followed the Three
Brothers' peoples to the Pure Lands. Those tha re-
mained in Europe died out, bur those that reached the
Pure Lands began to flourish once mare.

Spirits in Flesh
(People)

We are the stars which sing.
We sing with cur ight
We are the birds offre
We flyin the sky.

Over light isa star

We sing om sh
the Stars Which Sine

The 3 People and the Land

Unlike Eutppeans and ither fol who follow the
Judeo-Christiag faiths, allot whyiffl believe they were
‘exiled from the Garfeh of Bled aind sent out into.an
inhospitable land, Native Ameticans regard them:
selves asheing pur in the places they were meant tobe.
Theie stories tell that either they came up out of the
ground in theit homeland ur won through to itafter a
Tong journey and search for the place that was spiitu-
ally and physically right for them — thei own prom-

the spits:
‘adapred from Jobin)\Dyneley

ised land. So each tsuniquely tied to his land, a part of

it, He belongs there, understands it and cherishes it
like no one else ever could, This is the true tragedy
bbchind the dislocations caused by the coming of the
white man to the Pure Lande

If the nations felt such dislocations, the Pure Lands
Garou elt iceven more keenly. Tied even more strongly
co the land, to specific eaems and the spirits inhabiting
those places, mast Garou remained toprotecttheirsacred
places even when their Kinfoll moved on. When forced
‘out and their caems stolen, such Garou were bereft of
support. Their Kin were scattered, theie pacts with the
spirits beoken. Many turned vengeful, remaining nearby
and striking out against the interlopers. Ochers fll to
despair. Some tried to tell the newcomers ofthe intricate
web of Bane prisons held in place by the power of their

62 Croatan Song

a,

AT,

‘i
|


NN:

Ns

—-— A

ft

coems; others coldly timed their hacks, knowing the
Banes would break free to ravage the new overlords,

Despite their differences in geographic location
and customs and their conflicts with one another,
‘most human inhabitants of the Pure Lands existed
within common bounds and harbored certain simi-
lar beliefs. Whatever gulf separated one nation from
unother, certain threads were common to all. Two
of these were conceptual: the idea of the sacred
hoop and maintaining the balance through custom
and ritual. The others were physical realities: the
dearth of written languages, metal cools and weap
ons and large domesticated animals. Finally, the
native people had almost no resistance to the dis-
eases brought by the European explorers and set-
ters, the main factor m leaving the Native Ameri-
can nations a diminished and broken people.

The Sacred Hoop

The native nations believed thar al fife wns inter
connected. From birth to death and heyond, all things
possessed a spirit that could affect and be affected by
evervthing else. This was known by many names, but
the most well known tenn for the circular pattern of
life was the sacred hoop. So dependent were all things
onone another that the dead and their treatment after
death, the respect shown ta them, could have a pro-
found effect on the living. Thus the nuttions held great
respect for burial grounds and consulted their ances-
tors on matters of import. Many things in life echoed
the iden of an interconnected citele, from the shape of
tepees and the formation of encampments to the
pattems followed in many dances and rituals,

Gaining the help of powerful spirit beings meant
@ person could look forward to success in all his
undertakings, whether farming, hunting or warfare.
Family life was likewise affected. Friendly spits could
ensure healthy children and a harmonious household.
Inlike manner, ifsomeone offended the spirits through
negligence, disrespect o wrong actions, not only he
might suffer, bur all around him. Thus one person
could bring disaster on all through his oetians.

Tobe certain they weren'tneglectingoroffending
the spirits, the people lived theireveryday lives within
the bounds ofa great number of ceremoniesand rituals
alldesigned to instruct them in the practices needed to
gainand keep the spirits favor. Agricultural endeavors
called for their own rituals, as did hunting, the prepa-
nation of food and even the making of tools, weapons
and clothing. If, for example, ahunterkilled an animal
inthe conrect manner, this released its spirit to return
tw the otherworld the spirits called home. Ifsuch an
animal were slain without the proper rituals and obser-

vances, such asasking itsforgiveness,orifits meat were
not correctly prepared or Went (0 waste oF Ww
offered to others in a generous manner, the animal's
master (known asa totem animal) would be offended.
The totem might remove all that cype of animal fro
the area, causing hunger and hardship on those who
showed no tespect for the gift of food. Warfare sh
manded its ritual practices too, such ay paintin
of power on the body purticipacng inthe dances and
eating the correct fonds before enyaging in battle
"Thus even the spirits were a part of the sacred
hoop. The spirits depended on those of the muddle
world (living beings on the earth) ro make the proper
observances and in turn granted them help frotn the
upper world (that of the spirits) while protecting them
from the spirits of the lower world (the land ot evil).

Maintaining the Balance

Though it might be considered an aspect of the
sacred hoop, the idea of maintaining a balance is such
a central concept that it deserves separare mention.
Native Americans lived in balance with nature and
other beings — be they of the spirit orthe flesh. Teyinye
to maineain a halance obviously meant that they
‘osually took only what they could use, so thar the land,
herds and fish could recover their own balance and
remain fertile and bountiful. Likewise, they balanced
theirrequests to che spirits with gifts to them that were
intended to equalize the relationship.

In dhily life, they were generous to one another,
realising diac at some future time, they or thet families
might need such generosiry themselves, The exchange
of gifts held great significance for na
cially in dealing with potential en
‘one's allies through generous disp! also cracial
tw their survival. When two nations came together to
speak, the way for each to show its good intentionsand
its wealth lay in giving the otlver many fine gifts. The
valueand beauty orthe meaning of the gift also showed
the giver's respect for the recipient. Such customs
included the bride price, giving a prospective wife's
family manw gifs to gain their approval ofthe marriase
and to show chat the man could provide wel for the
woman. Other gifts would later come to the suitor as
part of his wife's dowry or inheritance, thus making
certain that she would have whut she needed for a
balanced and good marriage.

In trade each side sought to gai a fair deal. Each
knew what his goods were worth and expected the
other coffer a price that marched ot slightly cxcecded
the worth, theteby showing good sense, a respect for
balance and generosity of spirit all ar the same time
Many items held religious significance or were used in

We people, expe-
ning

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 6

——

TT,


|

A fhe

ritual observances rather than having a great value in
and of themselves, while some were representative of
[promises or agreements made between the two rather
than being an actual trade of value for value. This
system enabled the nations to gain things they lacked
while abo meeting on neutral ground to exchange
ideas and news without fear of betrayal by the other
side. Thue the notions were wholly unprepared for
dealing with the white man, whose practices were
hased on attaining the most for the least expenditure.

Balance even affected disputes and warfare. Mak
ing war on an enemy rarely occurred because one
on wanted to kill those ofa different nation. More
often, it involved balancing relations between them.
Often one group sought only to prove their martial

ll t drive away those who encroached on their
inting grounds. Thus, counting coup (getting close
enough to touch the enemy with a stick, proving one's
skill and bravery) was more often employed than
actual battle meant to harm. This does not mean that
the Indians never killed or inflicted pain, for they did
— particularly to those whom they captured in battle

When anation's warriors took captives, they often,
turned them over to the women of the nation. The
‘women were most affected if fathers, husbands, broth-
ers or sons were killed in battle. It was only fair that
they chould decide the fate of captives since they had
not had the outlet of the battle itself — again, an
attempt to balance rights and privileges. The wornen
‘would then decide if the captives should be enslaved,
adopued into die nation or killed. Ifdeuth was decreed,
excruciating tortures were used. Torture inflicted ona
captive was «symbolic means of punishing all their
enemies. Iralso served to test the captive's bravery and
stamina tosee ifhe were a suitable representative at his
people. Those who dled well were thought to go to @
reward as great as heroes who died in battle,

Such concemsalso dictated the Indian concept of
vengeance. If someone killed a member of anather
person's family, the encire family (and perhaps the
whole tribal group) would seek vengeance until the
enilty person was dead. Meanwhile, if they caught
someone from the guilty party's famnily, they would kill
thar person to balance things. Then they might return,
home, the balance satisfied. Of course, the original
murderer would then seek vengeance for hit loss.
Often, chiefs and medicine folk had to intervene and
call astop to the violence once each side had suffered
the same numberof loses. In some nations rather than
death for » death, the bulauce was main
tained through making the killer responsible for the
well being and upkeep ofthe murdered person's family,
"This was most often used in cases where the death was

cexneting a

64 Croatan Song

unintentionally eaused or an accident in which some-
con else could be held at feast partly to blanne.

The Europeans never understood the concept of
balance as applied to disputes betwecn the two soci-
ties. If white man killed a native, this created an
imbalance. The murdered person's spirit could not
fini cest uncil punishment was meted out to those
held accouncible. Further, the natives could not
allow the whites to goin an advantage over them by
killing one of their people without evening the bal-
ance. Thus an entire encampment or village might
rise against a nearby white settlement seeking to
redress the problem. For theit part, Europeans held
the view tharonly che actual murderer should he held
accountable for his actions. They had no concept of
holding the murderer's neighbors responsible for the
actions of one man. Thus, they could not understand
why the Indians would fall upon innocent people and
slay them — apparently for no reason. This would
later change as the Europeans held entire nations
responsible for the actions of « few hotheads who
were often not even of that nation

Dearth of Written Language

Until Sequoyah's invention of the Cherokee
syllabary in 1821, no North American natian had a
written language. Though the native people muin-

tained arich oral tradition, Europeans dismissed them
as savages who lacked culeure and literney. Despite the
opinions of the Europeans, who didn't even arrive on
the scene until several thousand years after the Native
‘Americans, the nations found several advantages 10
their oral traditions

Most natives hal no concept of breaking agree

ments of telling lies because their word was literally
their bond. They had no written contraces with am-
biguous wording. Lying and breaking one's word led to
‘+ reputation for being uncrustworthy. Men who did so
were seen as being unsuitable for marriage or for
hunting parties or warfare, for noone could trust them
tokcep their word and be where they were supposed to
be: Things thay mado ro trade became euspects some:

‘one who would lie might try to use shoddy materials
and claim their product was better maide than it was.
‘Women who lied or broke their word weren't trusted
to teach children the nation's traditions and ways of
doingthings. Aswith the men, what they grew ormade
also became suspect. Further, they might be suspected
of being unfaithful to their hushands or of doing any
number of other harmful actions such as carelessly
preparing food that might become poisonous or make
ing clothing that fell apart when used.


sty

~~

»

Both men and women who lied found thae their
voices were not welcome in council meetings artosing
the songs. They were notallowed to relate any stories,
for they might be fabrications rather than true tales
Finally, they could not be trusted wo interact with the
spirits, for their false tongues offended the higher
beings. Every aspect of the natives' culture was passed
ontothciechildren through storics, legends andmyths,
from herbal knowledge to animal lore to spititual
beliefs. Thus those who spoke truly ensured the con-
tinuation of right thinking and tradition, while those
who lied offended all

Again, white Europeans, accustomed to telling
lies in their daily lives to escape punishment, gain
prestige or ensure a pleasant social situation, were at a
loss to understand the natives, For their part, the
nations believed the white men when they said they
came as brothers or to help them, lies which made it
seem all the more a betrayal each time the Europeans
reneged on a treaty or failed to keep theie word.

Though the creation of the syllabary convinced
many whites that the Cherokee might indeed be
"civilised" by their standards, it did not keep them
from being removed from their lands when they
became an inconvenience. Nor did the reams of
pron
defense of the Chezokee's right 0 «
either. lronically, their newfound literacy did allow
the Cherokee an outlet for chronicling their removal
along the Trail of Tent

Lack of Large Domesticated Animals

Most modem people's concept of Native Ameri-
cansis oft Plains Indian atop his painted war pony in
full pusuit of a buffalo. In actuality, this picture, while
true in the 1800s and for about 9 hundred years, is
grossly inaccurate at other times and places. Before the
coming of dhe Spaniards to Mexico and the southwest,
‘no horses existed in America, Nor did the natives
posess oxen orother draft animals, They kept nocows
and had no mules. Thus, they had no larger animals to
core ac beasre of burden of for riding. They ales hed
one to help ther tll the fields. This being so, they
also had no use for the wheel or the plow. Fields were
cleared by hand and planted by dropping seeds into
holes made with sharpened sticks, ln mont areas, na-
tive nations planted their crops for a few years, then
moved on or switched to different fields, letting the
nd lie fallow and recover its nutrients. This method
(Gnd burvesting) meant thar if large areas
wwere to he planted, it required a group effort to do so.
Shared labor led to shared produce as well and the idea
of parceling off and fencing in a picce of land to call
‘one's own was thus a completely alten concept.

‘Without riding animals, those wha meved around
did s0 on foot or via waterways in canoes (ot other
craft) oron rafts, Most villagesand towns were founded
along riverbanks to facilitate travel and trace.
travel on foot and via water played such an important
role, roads to accommodate horses and wagons were
not built. Instead, time and the passage of many feet
wore small Uails chrvuyh forests or aver grasslands.
Eventually those would become the landmarks by
which white setelers built their roads, but the Indians
themselves saw no need for such blatant disturbances
to the Mother's skin.

Lack of Metal Tools and Weapons

With very few exceptions, most native tribes
had little access to metals used for tools and weap-
ony, Though there was some mining, it was of the
surface type where clear veins of gold or copper
could be easily worked without affecting Mother
Earth in so profound is fashion ay pit mininyg. There
‘was no large-scale forging of weapons as in Europe
nor any method of shaping metal beyond beating it
‘or heating it, then beating it

Many nations, especially those in the south that
fell under Mexican influence used gold, silver and
copper for decorations, Only a very few had metal tools
‘or weapons. Most used the same materials so widely
available elsewhere — stone, bone, wood, flint and
obsidian. All were worked into arrowheads, knives,
scrapers, spear points or war clubs. Rather than fie
ams, some nations used blowguns with elongated
darts. In everyday life bone was used for needles,
utensils and digging tools,

Tools used for farming or for hunting alse en
ployed wood, stone and bone. Natives used pointed
sticks to make holes for planting seeds. They male
canoesand other useful items with stone pointed tools
or else by buming. The Cherokee m
chopping a log down, then setting slow fires to burn
within the place intended for the open part. Nations
alco used fire co clear forest and drive prey before them.
Thir cronted large, open arcas thot then became grasr
land that attracted deer and other game.

While most nations made do with flint, some used
the far superior obsidian. When chipped into shape, it
fractured clean and straight, making a tcol of weapon
with a keener edge. Though such weapons had to be
continually resharpened, they proved more effective
than cruder stone. Oddly, though the Europeans
thought obsidian a primitive material, the cuts made
by the volcanic glass are so straight and so free of
additional earinyarounda wound, that properly shaped

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 65

—————

A


|

Ls
a

oe AA

obsidian knives are superior even to the best steel or
diamond -ediged sealpels used in modern surgery

‘Though tome claim thar the native nations lost
the battle for America because their weaponry was t30
‘crude to compete with European guns and swords, the
truth fs they lost to another enemy altogether, the
great slayer known ss disease

No Resistance to Disease

Some 21 million natives lived in North America

before the coming of the Europeans. They populated

the land from west to east and north tosouth living in

avanety ofclimatesand geographic locations, Adapted

to theit local environments, they nevertheless had

lange trade networks that stretched across vast areas of

the continent. Though in earlier times this network

served to disseminate ideas as well as allowing those

lacking s resource to acquire it from somewhere else,

these contacts were toprove fatal tothe Native Am
ans. We need nor even recount the tale of

United States government later handed

kets of smallpox vietimsto native tribes th

remove. for the real damage was don

European settlers set foot on th

Alabama and the southeast and down t
sippi-epidemics of untold proportions swept
native towns and villages, among war parties and
trade groups, slaying more than half the population
wherever they went. Where Europe had suffered the
Joss of a quarter of its people a century before, now
the Native Americans reeled from a succession of
twenty separate epidemics that destroyed great civi-
lization killed three quarters of the population and
lefttowns and fields standing empty. The remaining,
people, shocked and bereft, were incapable of mak-
ing any real defense against invaders. Scholars who
claim that only about a million Indians lived in
North America in 1492 might well have been cor-
rect, for millions had already died, victims of invad-
crs they never met ar saw, The demoralized remains
of the ns that greeted the first setrlers were
shadows of what they had once been.

Croatan Kinfolk

Thepresent geoupingofKinfolkamongthe Uktena
and Wendign is definitively post-conquest,repeesent-
ingi shrinking not only of territory but also of human
nations who once roamed across the whole continent
and are now confined to secluded reservations, mainly
west of the Mississippi.

Before the loss of the Croatan tribe, the three
brother tribesspread out across the land, interbreeding
with many tribes. Thus, while the tribeswould often be
focused into certain regions (Uktena = southwest,
Groatan = central and east, Wendigo = northwest and
Canada), their Kin could he spread far and wide.

Newly-Changed Garou who were far from their
own tribe's lands would often be fostered by members
ofa local tribe, until it was feasible to turn them over

ibsal leaders. Such fostering became
mong tribes widely separated, for
inal Three Brothers unified

‘nations, but not all GF

(eopectally in places with alae

populations) chat

have often been lost to.
to made it into European

had known them. They chang

-conuict. Asa resule, only a few nations can be defini-
tively identified as Croatan Kinfolk; the Storyteller is
encouraged to make decisions on individual tribes as

the chronicle might demand,
The people now known collectively as the Missi

sippians were among the
dou of Kinfolk, None of

with these people, unlike elsewherein North America.
The Mississippians were most populous throughout
therivervalleysof the Southeast, suchas the valleys of
the Mississippi, Cumberland, Savannah, Tennessee
and Arkansas rivers.

The people from whom the Powhatan Confed-
‘eracy grew were the Croatan's most populous Kin in
the East, along with other coastal people along Chesa-
peake Bay down to North Carolina's Outer Banks,

Croatan Song

TT,


ne 7 Ae et

including Roanoke Island — the place of the great
sacrifice of the Croatan tribe

the Iroquois Confederacy
asthe Tuscarora (later Kin

to the Uktena), T
Lenape (Delaware).
mnsof the West Coast

ly, many of the peaceful
Kinfolleamon,
h

Uktena Kinfolk.

Uktena Ki

folk comprise a wide range of cultures,
most formed in response to their geographic lacation
165. Most of thy

le res re's Kin are settled

ornomadicg
aresule of heing pushed ou
stronger of more determi nips. The Uktena are
surprsingly accepting of that they are

where the Mother intended

Doice of the Ancestors

Listen tome. Alltimeisoneina vision. From where you

sit, you look
them in the past
body that grows ol
‘was before my

the Pure Lands ant you see

smuurder came

People of the sana

The Kinfolk of this land are a very subtle people

Many strong nations — the ¢
(/ 77 Chickasaw, Catawba, Creek und

themselves "the

The Grand
out Kinfolk,

are also known a

other has been kind to this band o
niyunwiya ("principal people") whe
They live among the

rounded by fertile fields. Many an
deer, bobeat and squirrel — shate territory with this
nation. With over sixty towns linked by tail or water
way, they are a prosperous people

The first of our Kinfolk totum theirspoken

mage, they fearn much from
Jers. Unlike many others of our Kin. they

into a writter
whit

Sa a \ Sn eee. eee) 4


A fh

accord women high status. Women area part of their
councils and may be warriors if they choose.

We at first watch to'see-if the influence of the
Europeans will be bad for our Kinfolk. We wonder
sometimes if they are not a little too civilized and too,
ready co adopt others' customs. If we had known that
contact would bring on the Trail of Tears and the
removal of the other aibes, we would lave fought
harder than Middle Brocher to keep the Wyrmbringers
from ever finding these mountain lands.

Chickasaw and Choctaw

(ur Chickasaw Kinfolk share common roots with
the Choctaw, who came across the Mississippi from
the west. The Chickasaw claim that
Chiksa and Chakta led the people, th
version differs. The land they!
alongthe Mississippi, though
on patches of higher ground tdi
fied chem against raids. They clat
planting com, beans, squash, melons ind si
and formed their houses-on pole fraty
materials (geass, thatch and

The cigs

anu trafic along the Misiipp. They reckoned
ship through the mother's tine and organted chet
selves by clan, They also observed a law of hospi
by which they shared with those who needed
they had and considered the ungenerous to be
nals. Dispures and warfare might both be

playinga game of stickball, a game similar to:

will know as lacrosse

The Choctaw, while similar t the Ch

organized themselves according to two mipjor dive

sions called iksas. Children belonged to fhe iki oF
their mother and people were required to marg

the iksa opposite to the one they belonged

traders developed a trade language. Combined witht
sign language, it allowed nations who spoke widely

differing diate rangues to communicate. Rather
than engage in warfare, the Choctaw played stickball
to determine who won a dispute. This was good for
both the Choctaw and the Chickasaw, as the two
were bitter rivals, ever ready to war on one another
despite their common origins. We warned them
ragainst the whites as we warned others, but they dealt
with the Spanish who came with de Soro, allied with
the French and finally helped fight che American
Revolution against the British. Despite this, and
despite fighting under Andrew Jackson in the Creek

Croatan Song

iia rT,

War, they were the first of the Five Civilized Tribes
ta be relocated west of the Mississippi,

Creek

‘These Kinfolk are also known as the Muskogee.

They are made up of a number of tribes who came to

the area from further west, Each town or talwa is

considered auronomousund hassolecontrol over local

affuirs. Each town selects at least one headman, called

a miceo, who presides over town councils and acts as
diplomat to other towns.

ks was not their name for themselves,

n the Europeans because they all live

They are farmersand traders. Though

tightly knit, the continual encroach-

om to fight against their lands being taken.
sticks" (so called because runners
of war carry the news of the

for war when treaties failed to stop the settlers. A
wer Towns moderates and an American
ic small force. Eventually, they too

ofthe Wyrabringers.

Seminole

‘The Seminole are an offshoot of the Creeks,

Bin their Lower Towns. They emigrate to

dt in the 1700s. They establish towns

fighe Creeks and we their matriarchal

jan structure. Our Seminole Kinfolk

UiPplement their crops with fishing and

is well as gathering wild plants. They and the

ted-stick Creek become continuously hostile toward

American settlers moving into their territories; they

side with the Red Sticks, though they don't actively

participate in the war. They provide refuge for their
WRed Stick brethren, as well as for eunaway slaves.

‘The Europeans answer their hostility with dozens

of treaties that they tried to use to repair relations,

though they abveys ‘aia to resiove the Suintule,
‘After invasions and unending pressures, many finally
agree (© move to Oklahoma. Once there, they be:
come mostly assimilated into the Wyrmbringers and
land and culture. We help some of
the cypress swamps and the
Everglades, and they rebuild themselves into a na-
tion. They hide within their enclaves, avoiding the
whites, never agreeing to a peace with the United
States government until in 1911, when it creates
three reservations for them in Florida.


ee /

69 spunosn Surunyy asoy yy omy soydoyy

\pog "sonuata way sJoep jo Azaatng orp aaenuowIp
on sande yo aumazcn jemi oxp pure sdyess yo Supe
<p aonorad ox ‘sxotmem asxay aonpoad ospe yous
YL, SaoypsuNoD pure sxastape st aadsau Aofua uOMIOM,
qty ‘AUT at. UPL JIAO day "g>RyD Je>0] 40
Spree) je1M> ayp YyaLA Syuo are>eNEMHOD pur: 9{dw2
aq wou Suny |S Ur Fam Oy sIaBKiossOUL HU JO
ated 8joasn ayy Yano p sautds agp pun quads on ANGE
sy wou sauno> amod s,ssaunx 94,f"WOS On say} WO
sassed Ajjensnavyp apna esau se uNoU ‘yar> TuNOU
and 8 on sy diysiopeay "women ay urqaV dnoxs
aaysayoo  ULiO} ptr S98po] azeYs AyjeNsH suEE
‘srapjing punow 1uarsue ayp yo
0443 04 russ ‘spurious UayLARD 1wYy UO as94 SALE
ap AoW] 69 sorUOUIAsaD 40) sopra J "ue apOU
4900 seal Jo ss94r] Jo apeut ssuIpying punos 'sa8poy
Jeunurno> azeys sayyrunes fouIsHEY "O99"gor Prue OD
‘spano8 "ysnnbs ‘suojaui Jo asasany axp ul amnys sp39s
aq2 ue; oy tow a4p puR spjais ays oxedaad om
‘ust 942 (nog pure ‘uoray siqa yo xpofur
Aaofeus ays sopraoad Burm °s3,
aya roureopy 24) ystuany s99p pu ube
"sqeuiue propy "sa9au Aarau ayy
oy) ysty 1aUpW ospn hays ‘renb pur ate
ein yjmnus dex x0 ypue> Aaqa aTnLAN:
‘furnaces £4 ear Seep assy "aoar
eunpodiay pur say>an ayy Uaaavag purl ayy UL yp
Utso} kp ‘SOppas ay se UMOUY Os

ajdoad ajoyp yo Aarun uy jaypq ay STEN
sping ayaurwery aaipo soy asadsay "younod pr

© pu zon w yaoq anny spurg 33h
ooioy ¥ Hlunuassad ‘sdyens opeyng,
"pray swam sou) "sured Apo pune
Sap sway LOPE U9UOM puw HOU YR
PPue speaq "suoye2y ypEM. pars09—p,
‘Suo] amy siaip ork uous opya
vee remy sain pa
Bets HOM 94p Jo SOW UUIO}.Od DHA
yo ynsund wy asypeioa Appin joaws 0} sdoou Ayu
Suymoyfe ‘9ply oa wea} UaWOM puL uaME Kaog
"ylojary 2801p Jo SuruuM> pe Aa1sox95 ayp yembe
ue 12) ‘siouuem parunow sy "suneyd ayp UmeOs Hoos
erp siumeran py axp terug pursturpaaig iisamdes
3e [30x9 Aatp 20} Funpen Jo} Aypounvod [nyasn w pu
JUDIAOW Jo SUESUH [nproMOd & YLOg YTS aTEUE)
ay sepinondsutgjd atp on as10y a1p jo Surm09 94 y
spray au Suyoypoy 9544.02 a9epd
oxy axouu Aaup se oKp YAH sAuNpaMp s13Up Ase O7
way 20} Area 9} Sangin ‘Spry o]EyNG UF P>39A09 sd

Joaspsuo9 sou0y 39Y 1, SIwD oY 16 oFeYMG "AOUO} |
‘9tp 50. ons "du poo} pasoaty v aos aut Sye)
uorstAp ypeg -diyssapeay puss ou azyuBioaa Ay
{ySnowp ‘suo|statp se UmoUy sdnouN s9fue] UL soyaatl
-01 9ULOD spueg |fews Aue, "sUTEIUNOYY ApoY a4)
Je SARE oUOYOYS AYP tuo Yo FuMAIPSS SOOLT

Ayswo ays ur surejdl ogy uy anente oy sueMey aE

aypuvisoy
"amm Ul ssa0008 419up sostaz9UL
PUR O}EYNG oY KO}IO} AfI5¥9 220m OF ayPEdy AyD
sayqeua , "oq Atarsayy,, paypro aypedy ays yoy
‘assy at 30 Hujmio ay ‘aatadua Jo yom 94
9) Jo MUEAUE W sk A}OFUNY ano uoure pasn $1 19}
Sous Hunmuna joaapaead ay | "uawOm ay YE
IENSN EY UOIS}D9p v‘uOTIeN ap eu; way
spo ssouOsiad soy amuses A{jenats 39419
‘suoniiar stip yo ajdoad aya Jo Aue 939°]
nde ypu yrjvan yjOFUPY ano Hug awe spres 305
(qo aas95 voyGang ay ‘ADAIMOY *AjpuaNbaa,
up 's[Bars soumoMOS pure saoqystou stay
Sp es or wins} soysedy ap "sown 91) uy
spunyamoy 21943 ut Nou IMAP s9aN Poow
‘ap Woy smouy sou pur Atzagqnin wos} soy
upjous ‘smouse pure Mod Jo 99m 4p We J99x> 44} |
PU AY tug Ya] UL wAAXN Me JJ se sare Ry poy elia>
Plo ayp Huy; poo} 40f pasa Aayp sp
Sup Squo aye siowuny aypedy dived yous us
2 Jo a80u
Anoyoun qe Sanya
gig ‘powop yaEm panop sary
Pypedy amp ‘Surny]d Jo sous Fang
¥ py ue> Aaxp axoynsdou> aos ase ony
sO} par Supuny Uo AjreMyAd
‘spueq yuspuodopun-imias
Panny vous) ay o1 pi
aqf) Moy Upians iy spu
#2 Buyqean Ysoantpnos ayp uu ysturdg
AUS joswn Kp ui suiejd apo mez
aypedy ayn ‘ajdoad umysedeypy ap 02 parry

aipoly

‘satpoupuragy s}oup jo aunt
quater atp yo warp spumnrar pure suey aap wIEOR
OYm suOHEY 2y2 Jo saniT aq) sIBaYE sayRAM UD]
MYL sea wsoWNZIseD oY BuoUTE daoxa SuIMUNY
>iqeurEsens 20) [fepuIEL op oor may sxayns- PUP]
2p Jo yPHY "Poo Haqp 20) speUNTUP PAY pu dum jo
s2uepunqe ay uo peaKlop souread pu spurt us
yeaid auf) Ur yjamp oy aydoad ayp ‘asea ayp. UT Use,
saat pay] ay ad Isom ay UH apURIE ony 9p Woy

SUMMED Udy NOS ayy Jo ajdoag
ae


e
E

z nies to prepare for war as well as setting civil disputes

AZ.

Hastnai men ind women adom their hodies and faces
with intricate tattoos and painted designs,
Kiowa

The Kiowa arrive in the southem plains from their
original homelands to the north and soon form ulli-
ances with their former enemies, the Comanche. They
adopt many customs of the Comanche, living in sirat-
lar dwellings consisting of buffalo-hide tipis and sur-
viving by a combination of huntingand foraging, with
minimal farming to supplement their diet. Unlike the
Comanche, however, che Kiowa have an elaborate
social structure. Each male youth joins the Rabbit
Society that oversees hiseducation in warfare, hunting
and horsemanship. Older youths join i
Jearn more skills to prepare chen
reaching manhood, youryy men.
such as the Black Legs. Th
‘own ritual dances and songs.

Warriors who prove their 3
prestigious societies, and truly great warrio
members of the Koisenko, or Crazy [
fighters of the Kiowa nation.
into four ran
without

Osage

westward, the Osage arrive in the southern pla
the early years of the European invasion offt
castern lands. Dwelling along the Osage Ri
in the regions south and west of that
these Kinfolk farm and hunt, living in vill
sometimes hold more than 1,000 peopl
groups reside in rectangular houses made 9
covered with grass or hides

The people move to smaller camps in the
making their temporary homes near the forests
game and firewood are plentiful. In spring they
totheir villagestoplant theircropsbefore takingtc
plains to hunt the bison and other large herd animals
inthe early mar, they move once
mote totheir villages toharvest theirfieldsand prepare
food for the cold season.

Osage society recognizes many clans, each of which
consists of a peace faction known as the Tsi-zhu and a
war faction called the Hong. Each fuction provides
wsistance for the other, and marriages usually take
place within clans but between factions.

A council of Little Old Men, each of whom has
achieved seven degrees af knowledge within their
clan, act aseldersforeach village, conducting ceremo-

and keeping order. Two chiefs, ane from the peace
faction and one from the war faction, share the leader-
ship of the village. Fierce warciors and raiders, the
Osage participate in mourning raids in honor of de-
ceased family members. Our Osage Kinfolk frequently
adopt war captives into the naticn, thus bringing new
blood and strength into their community

Both men and wouca mutch cheis beaties with elabo-
rte netoos. Womeripain theirhaie with aredstreaktthat
represents the passage of the sun through the sky.

le ofthe cuthem plains emain clone to

od they grow and the earth and sky
them. Songs and dances commemorate

bip of the plains people with the world of

of the spirits. The Kiowa Gourd

ftof abeing they call Red Wolf

wnsboth beavery ad beauty withsenys, hows

'y call mountain spirit dancers who came to
from Guadeloupe Peak, in the land oow kaown
Texas. These spirits, called gaa, are responsible for
chinifiual dances of healing and banishing evil
struct our Kinfolk in the ways of reverent

incets celebrate these spirit teachers,

cit presence in elaborate ritual dances.

olk seek puha,or"medicine" power

in thetrlfuals Visions quests form an important part
of Comanche life and those who receive visions also
undertake strict thoos that mark them as blessed by
their guardian spirit. Monsters such as the Cannibal

) Owland ghosts oftheir enemies lurk in the spirit world

id must be avoided or placated, The Kiowa have an
claborate system of shield or medicine societies for
toch men and women. Bich society. takes on the
responsibility for certain spiritual practices. Sacred
bundles, called the Ten Grandmothers, embody the
spiritual power to cleanse the soul. Like the tribes of
the northern plains; these Kinfolk also demonstrate
their devotion to the spirit world through the rigorous
practice of the Sun Dance.

People of the Pueblos

Our Kinfolk from the Pucblos include the Anas
— before the time when they went away — Hopi,
Navajo and a number of nations known as the Pueblo
Indians. Though they share several characteristics

Croatan Song

Ty,


yr

such as farming, residing in pueblo-style homes and
living in harmony with the earth, they differ in several
important ways. Their social organizations, spiritual
beliefs and customs radically diverge one from the
otherand they have never been unified, instead living
within autonomous communities. Each nation once
claimed many more people. Though now diminished
itt number, the population supported by our Kinfoll in,
this desect environment is «testament co theie genius
at irrigation, The Spanish Wyrmbringers introduce
domesticated animals — cattle, horses, burros and
shecp — to the pucblo dwellers: Sheep become par-
ticularly popular asthe nations choose wool tobe theit
newly preferred material for weaving. They rely on

Kim learned both culinary and
everything from prickly pear cacy

unde intoclothing, tools constructed from bd
made from hoofs and bowstrings made

‘aught our Kinfolk well and the
other the necessit

Our Anasazi Kinfolk settled the region in wh
now known as the Four Comers area where Ari
Colorado, New Mexico and Utah incersect.
lived here from about A. D. 200 to A, D. L
region isa place of harsh arid lands, most atop,
land some 4500 to 8500 feet high. The f
Imesas support some pinon and juniper trees
yellow pine: Wind-sculptedsandstone, shale
stone spires jut forth, creating windows,
caves, A second region within Anasazi tefrito
sists of basin and range country, with deer
shrubs adapted to dry conditions and several
ingly lange rivers cutting through desert land.
third area enfolds high mountains (12,000 feet) cov
cred with evergreen forestsiand meadowlands. Hk
the heady upper reaches are the sources of the
and snowmele the Anasazi depended on for their
agricultural livelihood.

Known for their clever basket makingand pottery,
the Anasazi had to supplement their crops of beans,
squash and com with huntingand gatheringdue to the
Jack of rainfall in the region. ‘They lived in round pit
houses covered by a framework of four main timbers
supporting a wood and mad roof. The inner pit was
reached by climbing in through a hole in the roof and
down a ladder, much like the modem kiva, Later

ee 7 Ae el

structures were either Great Houses, contiguous four
ot five story buildings built into the sides of cliffs, or
village style, single dwellings of one story grouped
together with several others in a village type nrrange-
ment near a central plaza and great kiva
Around 1300 the Anasai disappeared, Though
the Puchlo culture shows obvious signs of Anasazi
custom and influence, the number of puchlo dwellers
indicates thar several thousand Anasazi apparently
vanished rather than moving elsewhere, Though
others might wonder at this, we Uktena know old
tales: Leigastid char thee great Banes, later termed
yy and Devastation, came upon our
any before we were made aware of
‘olf Changer heroes dispatched the

idodisperse, leaving their

behind. Then again, it is also said

bred strong with the Anasazi as we

ind thar the disappearance was the doing of
te's children ay a prank. We do not know for

Like the Anasazi before them, our Hopi Kinfolk

in pueblo houses, Though some are one story,

i stories, reached by ladders
Ayes. The name Hop] iu shorter version

‘ caning "peaceful ones," for

bre of our wise Kin. They believe that
ancestors climbed up from three cay

jole in the floor of the Grand Canyon, which
is sacred to them. In thei kivas, which are used for

they link their religious observances to the sicred
origin of their people.

‘Westemmost of the Pueblo peoples. these intel-
lectual and peaceful Kinfolk practice « philosophy
called the Hopi Way. Ir includes every aspect of
existence: theie beliefs, heir hehavior to one another
und to outsiders, their relationship with naeure, and
even their craftsmanship. All of these une ween ag part
of the whole and all deserve their best attention.
Despite their sharing, peaceful nature, our Kinfolk
eventually go to war with the Spanish who attempted
10 force them to practice the Christian religion to the
exclusion of their own,

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds a

Sin mami


The Hopi are re
knowledge, espeectally 1
used for their rich colorsandl pattern
Most noticeable on first seeing the Hopi are the youryg
women oF matriage
hairstyle called the
herside of the head in large coils. The Hopi say they

led hy hoch

owed for their agricultural
jgrowingof com. Therrbhin

le aye, who wear a traditiona

ash blossom," which tests on

init dwelling

Jp mountains to the west

J come down at the Winter Sol

ind stayto be guiding forces

Navajo

Originally, these Kinfolk wer
our brothers, the Wendi

sssociated with
veled southward
id later be called
Apache. Prom their heginnings as hunters a
every, the Na
first becoming raiders, then settling and nin
farmers, weavers and silversamiths (though we mutiny,
distrust of this last), Living in wood a
alled hy Navajs Kinfallede
of life, astate of ideal lurmony, known:
From this come their ©
ln
the
defines rituals
for good health and
means of achieving
duough the sin

with others of their pes
sath

ntended to cure
and relieve pain called the Shootinyway and
nown is the Ble
mportant events
ed fortune. Or
ir healing and blessing

ngweny thine
life and calls

settled people, they become
and Puchlo nations,

rh the comin of the
these Kin acquire horses,
our other Kinfolk do, W.
it Wee warn f such things
‘would be their undoing, and later, hey are punished
for it by being rounded up and herded away like the
animals they rook. Only through the intervention af
nl and a xyeny

them that their love

ed in the end and allowed to return from the
wastelands to the place where they had built their
homes and found peace

People of California
Miwok

Our Miwok Kintotk though they
call themselves the Kola. They are a handsome and
friendly people with
naming beads around th

ded hair, facial tattoos,
ir necks and pierced eats


~~

»

A Sf

Living all across the middle of what the Spanish will
call California, they flourish among the chaparral and
live oak woodlands along streams and lakes.

Powerful shamans give advice to the hayp (chief)
and his strong warrior females, the mayen. Guardian
animal spirits, ourselves included, speak to the sha-
mans and give them healing and curing songs and
dances. They are a playful people, beloved of the
Ragabash, enjoying games of chance and hapemti, a
form of handball.

Still, they are suspicious of serangers and do not
easly give their names, for poisoners und witches hide
‘among themandnames give powertothose who would
cause them to sicken and die

Chumash

‘Our Kinfolk, the Chum
who built their bones

the only natives

Doice of the Ancestors

You have heard Older Brother speak, and Middle
Brother no longer has a voice; now listen to me. So many

have heen dome to our people; so many dead! But it was
not ahuarysso, There were winters when we were numerous
and stromig and happy; our lives were hard, but theve was
sally in ther. see those davs lke bicevres om aval, They
are all around us, although you cannot touch them. They
live as | tell of them; asT speak, the past is now, The time
before the wasichu is now.

People of the Arctic World

(Our northernmost Kinfolk come from many na-
tions — the Yupik, Inupiat, Inuit, Nevsilik, Igulik,

Jgloos

The Inuit did not use igloos as permanent
homes. These domed snow houses functioned as
temporary shelters or hunters when they needed
to spend the night far from home. A hunter
desiring to build an igloo had to find solid, hard.
packed snow to cut into blocks using saws with
ivory blades. Fitting the blocks together re-
uited skill and precision as well as speed, since
the builder often worked againor time to ercet
his shelter against the harsh winter weather,
Practiced builders could put together an igloo in
as little as three hours, if working alone. When
others helped — either a simall huntinys party ot
a hunter and his fumily — an. igloo could be
made in even less time, Hunters carried oil
Jamps on their hunting trips to provide light
and, together with body heat from the hunter
and sometimes his dogs, warmth,

Permanent homes for the [nuit were typically
sexlorstone houses, sometimes built underground:

WH Fke constant battle for survival in a harsh eli
mate has shaped and tempered our Kinfolk, teaching
them how to make use of every part of theit enviton-
ment. Hunting provides nearly all of the food and
other resources necessary for life, Animals suchas the
whale, caribou, arctic fox, seal and polar bear alang
with fish and birds supply not only meat but also fuel,
wols, clothing and maretialsfor constructing shelters
sand boats. Snow and ice provide the building blocks
for igloos and serve to preserve food from spoilage.
Snowshoes and dogsteds. enable hunters to travel
long distances overland, while kayaks and umiks,
their skin-covered boats, allow rapid transportation
through the icy waters.

Communal life revolves around the family unit,
and several families gather in small villages or iv
nomadic groups. Men and women divide the many
tasks necessary for survival berween them. The men
aand boys spend their time hunting or fishing, while
women and gitls have the responsibility for preparing
food, sewing together the scal-skin hides for boats, and

aking cl shelterand tools. Leaders are usually
the greatest hunters, and thoee who can call upon the

Aleutsand Avanerwarmiut. Srangers wouldcall them mh
allbyonename—Eskimo—butwekmowthem bythe Is othe Jee and mw ro ail ehem carn much
names they call themselves :

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 73

ama


om SSL

Che Islanders: The Aleuts

‘Our Kinfolk of the Aleutian Islands have grown
sway from theit ancestral cousins of the Inuit nations,
butmanyof their waystemain thesame. They, too, rely
on the bounty of the oceans and the land for their
sustenance, hunting sea birds, halibut, whale, sealsand
otters, Unlike their cousir hey rely on
highly developed social structure within thetr villages.
Toyons, men of wealth and power, serve as chiefs and
make up a "noble class" which governs the lives of the
Joweror lessprosperous villagers, Family clanspreserve
their own rituals and taboos.

The World of the Spirits

Belief in and respect for the spirits lies ar the
heart of the life of the people of the coldese lands
Shamans provide the linkgbetmegnathe spirit and

Baten, worlds, i

pts tarry angoaks, or sacred
‘oe ivory to ald thy

hun ; eae

Pactlic

The oo along
the North Pacifl ay

the Nootka, the Tlingit and the Tsimshian, to name
bur a few of the most populous groups. Here our
Kinfolk dwell close to dhe spirits of water and wood.
They hunt and forage, for they have no need to plant
and reap from the ground, Their ceremonies express
their reverence for the bounty of the Grandmother
tend theie men and women of pumer bomen Ue apinits
of those they hunt.

Chinook

Hunting and fishing provide the majar source of
livelihood for our Chinook brothers. Salmon and
other sea creatures serve as food, while fur-bearing
animals provide fur or cloching and blankets against
the harsh winters. Although they fuse their lives
around ritual and structure, the Chinook do not ad-
here to as many rules as their northern neighbors, the
Kwakiutl, do, Talented individuals rise high in Chi-

nook society, regardless of the circumstances of their
birch, while young men and women enjoy a greater
freedom to courtone another and choose life partners.
Married couples choose whether to reside with the
wife or husband's parents and sometimes move from
cone household to another. Like the other nations
dwelling in this area, the Chinook take war exptivesss
slaves, regarding, chemt as signs of status

Coast Salish

Our Kinfolk among the Coast Salish people also
rely on the bounty of the nearby ocean and swift-
flowingriversfor their food. Dyrelling in villages along
the coast, the peaple construct their houses from
von, building sweat lodges, special houses for mer
and women's rites scorage buildings and smokehouses
In summer, whole villages make foraging joumeys,
often taking their homes with them by stripping the
outer planks and transporting them by canoe to thei
summer camps. Each household has its own distinet
name and house erest. Household heads serve as lead-
rs or chiefs of the village, Among the Coast Salish,
women often occupy this prestigious position
Haida a

fa Cui, which the Europeane
ame Queen Charlorte's Island, serves as the
land for our Haida Kinfolk. Theie lives revolve
around the hunt forthe rich harvest of salmon, Living
fn villoges compriced of wooden houses, each family
displays its clan crest atop a totem pole outside the
house. Clan affiliation passes through the mother's
line toherchildren, and boysofnoble lineage study the
sacred stotics of his mother's clan in ower to preserve
the lore of his family

The Haida emerged from the waters in theancient
‘ames, drawn to theie island by the eall af Raven, who
wanted companions to end his loneliness in the new-
made world. Because of their origins, these sea-born
people find themselves drawn to the rough ocean
waters uround their island. They travel fearlessly in
their canoes, often leaving sight of lind altogether.
"Their skill with watercraft enables them t0 carry ona
profitable trade with their neighbors along the conti
nnental coast,

Kwakiutl

The Kwakiutl, or Kwakwaka'wakw, as they call
themselves, dwell along the coast of Canada near the
island now known as Vancouver as well as on the
island itself. Among these people, our Kinfolk learn to

excel in theart of war, for the Kwakiutl donot hesitate
to join batele with odict natious. Their prosperity and

i Croatan Soug

a

l


ee AA

power comes from their success in warfare and from
their understanding of the cycles of life and the ways of
re. Young boys train for combat through aseriesof
warlike games and contests that involve fighting.
‘Captives taken in war become slaves or are held until
their families ransom them, thus bringing wealth to
their captors. Each member of a village belongs to a
particular social chiss, and there are many degrees of
status that separate the lowest commoner from the
wealthiest noble. Skilled members of the lower classes
may gain rewards in status and even claim » higher
tank by proving their ability to increase their wealth.

Instead of clans, the Kwakiutl belong to different
‘ummarym — families descended from a spirit ancestor.
Unsurprisingly, many of our Kinfolk come from the
umaym of the wolf, Titles usually go from father to
son. there are no male heirs, a daughter receives her

father's tithe and besto
shores. Like the fa,

the responsibility

envy of many of tl

igus acs wit BRI are cucly por-
table, consisting of hoxes and vats, traysand baskets for
holding food, clothing, blubber and bedding. Many
families. share « targe communal house, with each
family occupying a privace space according to their
social rank. Those with high rank sleep furthest from
the door, while the lowliest members of a household
have their places close to the door

Wars among families often result in raids ot one:
house upon another, although occasionally an en-
tire village may become engulfed in kinship wars.
Like most of the people of the northern coast, the
Nootka have a society divided into clans. Sons and
daughters may choose ro follow either the mother's
or the father's clan.

Tlingit

(Our Kinfolk who inhubit the southem coast of the
Alaskan peninsula take their bounty from the woods

e wate

Pin ocean-going travel and /

Totem Poles

To the people of the Pacific Northwest, the
fantastically carved totem poles served as visible
reminders of their connections with the spirit
world, The elaborately carved figures stacked one
on top of another represented spirits awociated
with a family or an individual. Memorial totems
honored deceased chiefs or other honored people,
while family poles often framed the entry of 2
household. These family poles depicted th family
crest — or totem spirit protector — along with
other symbols of spirts especially honored hy the
family, Inside a house, a central pole not only
served asa support for the framework of the house
buralso hore carvings that proclaimed the lineage
of the head of the household,

Carving and raising a totem pole involved a
great deal of ime and many ceremonies. These
included rituals to banish any maliciousor jealous
spirits thar might linger near the pole, dances in
honor of the spirits depicted on the pole and a
potlatch or feast to express the generoay

ins as well as from the waters. Mountain
pats, bears, seals and other meat and fur-bearing
animals provide them with food and clothing, while
the ocean and rivers teem with halibut, herring and
salmon. In the autumn, they gather tubers and roots
from the forests to store against the long, dark winter
months. Tlingit society partakes of the elaborate divi
sion herween clases common to the people of the
northem coast. Nobles or "good" people refrain from
‘most manual chores and dress themselves according to
their rank. The "poor children," or lower classes per-
form useful but menial work for the village. Only those
cofnoblerank may perform important ceremonial dances
and ritualsor call their children by certain names. The
ancient custom of potlatch also belongs to the nobles,
who ulone have dhe wealth wexpend in

of feasting and gift giving.
Tsimshian

South of their Tlingit neighbors, our Tsimshian
Kinfolk have long heen known as traders, offering
inland tribescatehes of fish in return for fursand other
useful items, Sometimes warring with and sometimes
tuading with the Haida, che Tsimshian skill themselves
in the arts of warfare and negotiation, The Tsimshian
subsist largely on fish products. The euchalon, which

isceremony

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 7s

a_i


ee AA

swarms up the nearby rivers in the eatly spring, pro-
vides not only food but also precious oil —a valuable
commodity for seasoningaswell asfor mde. Like other
nearby tribes, the Tsimshian practice the custom of
potlatch and place geear emphasis on petsonal wealth
as a symbol of leadership.

‘The World of the Spirit

‘The people of the North Pacific know thar they
live in a world populated by spirits of all kinds —
benevolent nature spirits and malicious spirit crea-
tures. Tracing their descent from ancestral animal
spirits, the coastal nations use many ceremonies to
honor and placate their ancestors. Hunting rituals
and salmon ceremonies commemorate the giving of
life to suscain life while ceremonies performed at the
felling of trees for the purpose of building houses

The festivals known its po
tate important events in the lives of the people of
the northwest. Only individuals of wealth and
substance could afford to give potlarches and,
among some of the nations of the region, pot-
were a privilege accorded only to those of
rulingstatus. Potlatches involved elabo-
ls and entertainment, including songs,
and storytelling as well sa grand feast, The
highlight of a potlarch came when the host pre-
sented gifts to everyone who attended, This dem-
constration of wealth and generosity served many
purposes. It emphasized the wealeh and prosperity
of the giver, gave thanks to the spiries for their
favor,atoned for past wrongdoingsandeommemo-
rated special events. such a4 rise in rank of the
birth ofachild. Many nationsalso held potlatches

as part of theie funerary rites

People of the Great
Northern Forests

‘The great expanse of land that covers the north
of Canada provides a homeland for many nations.
Barren tundra covers much of the land, and the
people who live there must follow the herds in order
to survive. Further south, where great forests cover
the earth, life is still hard, bur chose who live beneath
the forest canopy enjoy a greater diversity and do not
far or as often to find tood. This is
the Chipewyan people and the Cree, the
Gwich'in, the Montagnais and the Ojibwa — al-
though those names came much later and from the
mouths of strangers. The people who call this land
their home call themselves "the people." We call
many of them Kinfolk.

Chipewyan
Members of the Athupaskan language group, the
Chipewyan people dwell in the northern tundra, be-

ween the bodies of water now known as the Hudson

Bay acthe Crear Siave Lake. These game
ing am srwall Broups in pur.

of ene

fen they cravel,, living in pelnwed tents made of hide
supported by slender wooden poles. Men and women
fill different places in Chipewyan society. Men spend
most oftheir time hunting, traveling in small hunting
parties over barren, often snow-covered ground, After
the hunt, women prepare the meat, skinning the
careass and using every portion of the kill for some
purpose. The Chipewyan women grow strong in bosly
and will and act as counselors and advisory for che
family groups, but the men, as hunters, act as leaders.
Menand women marry according tthe wishes oftheir
elders, bur frequently both men and women will take
‘other mates, sometimes trading partners asa result of
wrestling matches and other competitions. Because
they spend se much time
Chipewyans do not bury their dead, but leave them on
the tral, where their bodies return to the earth in the
course of time,

(Copper taken from depositsalongthe Coppermine
River servesas the chief source of tools and weapons
‘Our Kinfolk pound cold or sometimes heated copper
inta knives, arrowheads, axes, scraping tools and other
useful items, Women sew clothes and hhdes for tents
with copper or bone awls and sinew from the caribou.
‘Other nations trade with the Chipewyans for copper,
providing our Kinfolk with items that are otherwise

mowing fea place to place,

76 Croatan Song

gy

s\\


oO ee NT

eA 1th

hard co come by. The women prepare food in contain-
crs made from birchhark or skin, using water heated
with hot stones. In the winter, the people survive on
ppemmican, stuffed caribou intestines filed with dried
meat and fat. Mosses provide one of the few plant
sources of food for these wandering Kinfotk, When the
Chipewyans jo ro war, they most often battle their
rivals to the north — dhe auc peuples — or their
Cree neighbors to the south.

Cree

(Our Kinfolk: among the Cree consider hunger a
way of life. The search for foorl occupies most of their
time. Like the Chipewyanste the north, the Cree hunt
the caribou, but they also purive moose, beaver, beat
and other animals native to the forests of central
Canada, in the lands now known as Alberta,
Saskatchewan and

ing of several fail

are the best

finding enou
‘emonies surrounding the hunt show reverence for the

spirits of che animals who give their lives to the
hunters. Nobeastingor bragging isallowed atthe end
of the hunt, and the people do not celebrate exces-

sively lest they offend the spits.

Gwichin

These Kinfolk live in dae soutboneteen poreion of
Alaska, not far from the Beaufort Sea. They share
many customs with other Athapaskan speakers. In
theit harsh surroundings, the caribou represents their
most important source of food. Many taboos restrict
che Gwich'in and reflect their understanding of the
sacredness of the hunt. They do not eat the meat of
dogs or wolves, foxes or wolverines, ravens or cagles.
Because the Gwich'm believe that animals can under-
stand human speech, they refuse to speak badly of
animals, since doing so offends the animals' spirits and

makes them harder to kill. They do not count the
‘sumber of animals killed in a hunt so thar they do not
offend the spirits through boastfulness.

The Gwich'in show great respect for their elders,
keeping their old relatives with them until they die
instead of killing them when they can no longeraid the
wrihe.

Montagnais
"The Montagnais, who live in eastern Canada in
theplacesomeday called Newfoundland, belongto the
Algonquian language group. The name they hive,
given to them by the Europeans, differ from their crue
name. They live mostly by hunting and gathering, like
theirneighbors. The Montagna live in shelters made
from poles and bark with fir boughs as carpets. They
keep dogs as pack animals and sled pullers
‘Women have a great dea! of respect among these
Kinfolk. They choose their own mates and sometimes
take lovers. They serve as advisors and often make
decisions forthe tribe. They take change of everything
except the hunting of game and their wisdom adds to
‘the survival of thelr people. Beenuse of the severi
b eéinkers
tip with the periodic
giGP their families, believing it to b
P ro them, Dreams are imporsant he
Montagnais, serving as signs that guide their actions.

Northern Ojibwa

The Algonquian speakers known as the North:
‘em Ojibwa to outsiders dwell in a territory of many
lakes and great forests of coniferous trees — the lands
you know as Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota and
Ontario. These Kinfolk hunt the woodland caribou,
as well as moose, bear, beaver and small game ani
mals. The men form small hunting bands, leaving
their women and children behind in winter camps. In
the cold season, women set netsin holes they make in
the ice to trap fish. In early spring, the Northern
Ojibwa leave their winter camps and journey to the
land of sugar maples whore they collece rugar eo add
to their diet and to use in trading with other nations
‘These summer eamps are larger than the winter ones
and consist of related families and other friendly
‘groups. During the summer season and carly fall, they
pick berries, build canoes and participate in
storycelling and games. For them, summer isa time to
enjoy life. In the fall, they harvest the wild rice that
grows near the tivers before moving on torhelr winter
camps and another round of hunting.

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 7

LST. LL IY y


eA ff de

The Spirit World

The people of the great forests and tundra of the
north know that they dwell in a world filled with
spirits. Of these spirits, the manitous are the greatest
and the most to be feared and respected. The Cree and

Northet

Ojibwa seek guidance from the manitaus
king Tent Ceremony. in which a shaman
specially prepared tentand allows the manitous
rovisitand converse with hina, sometimessendinghim
messages from the spirit world of things to come. The
spirits questions given to the shaman by
the people. Northern Ojibwa shamans usually belong
to the society of Midewiwin, a brotherhood of healers
and intermediaries between the world of the people
and the world of the spirits. The Midewiwin abo study
the uses of plants forhealing. Dreamsand omens speak
to everyone, and even the weny.young learn to see
guidance from the spi .
as wells unusual

=
them

and fearthe power of
‘hese lands hold sacri)
F Ry hoods Some nat
cin aa ccc, Gane

eee at nc
of hee family. Afterwards, women only isolate

selves durihg their etree ‘courses. M
peoplestnthisplace hold dhe belief that bugians rerun
after dear asanititals oc else are pe
mily. The c{ttstee of stay kieway|
ilky Way hasanorhernamefor our Kinfolk, who call
ic the Ghose Road and believe that the spirits of the
dead follow this path through the heavenson their way
to being reborn.

People of the Great Lakes

In ancient times, the Anishinabe — or Oniginal
People — received a vision inerruceing them to travel
to the West if they wished to survive. So goes the

vonies marking the onset. j
ns requite girls to spend

ancient ed by the tribes that dwell around
the three Great Lakes known as Superior, Michigan
and Huron. Here, ina land of harsh winters and warm,

short growing seasons, our Kinfolk lean to attune
themselves to the passing of the year. Here dwell the
Menominee, the Ojibwa, the Ottawa, the Potawatomi

Menominee

Following the huntingund growingparremsof the
seasons, che people ol the Menominee, whomake the

78

ar ‘awe i, a

Croatan Song

sy

hhomesnnear Lake Michigan's Green Bay, pay particular
attention to the late-summer harvesting of the wild
rice that flourishes in the marshes and swamps neat
their homes. Our Kinfolk here surround the gathering.
of rice with ceremonies and protect it from defilement
bby many taboos. Only cerain people may harvest the

rice, Those who are in mouming must purify the
selves before they may gather rice, while women in
their monthly flow may not participate in the harvest.
The Menominee recognize two groupings of clans —
those belonging to the earth and water, and those
belonging to che sky. Customs requiring mattiages to
take place between clan groups ensures that the tribe
grows stronger and that differences in clans do not
the nation.

(or Chippewa) live in the lands
around Lake Superior, grcatest of the Great Lakes.
Using stick calendars co mark the passing of the
seasons, our Kinfolk use the short growing season to
plant squash and com and to gather berries and
haavest wild rice, During this time, they stockpile
food for winter. ies fish is plentifulgaberteople
reside in ser the winter they
RE ether ‘he amen hune deer
psithrer arumals and both men and women place
im holes beneath the ice to earch fish from che
rivers and lakes. On theit winter journeying, the
‘Ojibwa travel in groups made up of several families.
Inthe spring, groups travel to the maple forests to t
the trees for their syrup, which they use to make che
sugar that serves as their principle seasoning for foo!
oras a drink when mixed with water. They also fish
for sturgeon and other early spawning fish

"The Ojibwa have many ways of traveling, depend:
ing on the seasons and the terrain. In winter, hunters
wear snowshoes to travel quickly across the snow and
ice. To bear burdens or carry groups, hunting parties
use the nobnggdaban, «flat-bottomed sledalso known as
a toboggan. Birch-bark canoes serve as the principle
meanis of Gammpurtatin aver the waterways.
Thepeoplellivein bark-covered houses with peaked
roofs during the summee. In the winter and during
other times of travel, they carry wigwams or tipis,
conical tents of hide stretched overapole-frame, rouse
as portable homes, Women of the Ojibwa use bone
needles and baswood bark cords to weave mats to
cover the frames of the wigwams, Birch bark provided
‘one of the most useful materials for making commonly
used items, including birch containers called makuks
for storing food and carrying possessions, Scrolls made
cof birch bark and inscrihed with symbols serve asa
written record of Ojibwa lore.


1;

»

wh fh

Both men and women adorn theit hait with deco-
tative headpieces — either feathers attached to bone
clips or leather strips decorated with porcupine quills
or beads. Tattuos and bexly painting also serve asforms
of adorament and mark special occasions. Men paint
their bodies before going to war or participating in
formal ceremonies. Caprives usd as sucrifices are also
painted, as are the bodies of che dead.

Birch Canoes

"The most common and swiftest form of water
travel for the people ofthe lake regions —and for
most of the nations living in the northern forests
—inthc birch barlcennoe. The artofbuildingsuch
a vessel was a rare talent, allegedly given by the
spirits toonly afew indivi

H 3

these Kinfolle spend much"
waterways of the region bearing trade goods 19 ex-
change with the many people of the area. Like the
other nations of the lakes, the Ortawa dwell in villages
during the summer months and travel in pursuit of
game during the winter, Women weave fine cloth,
known as trade cloth, for use in bartering with other
nations. They also make buckskin pouches and other
items, which they decorate with bead and quillwork
and use in trading.
Body painting and tattooing are popula forms of
adomment among the Ottawa and sometimes serve in

place of clothing in the warmer seasons.

Potawatorni

The Potawatomi live along the southeastern shore
of Lake Michigan. Because of theit vow to their ances-
tors, the Original People, these Kinfolk act as arbiters
and dispute setters for rival nations. They give lavish
feasts in onler to being people together for peaceful

talks rather than allow them to go to war, The
Potawaromi devote much of their time to planting
crops, because the soil of their homeland is tich and
fertile. In the fall, however, they join their neighbors
in traveling to their hunting grounds to acquire meat
for the hard winter months. Fishing provides the
Potawatomi with food as well. In the spring, the
Potawatomi send hunting parties south inte the great
plains to hunt bison,

Winnebago

The Winnebago, who live in what you call lower
‘Wisconsin, follow customs of ind gathering
similar to their neighbors, but they also rely on cor
asastaple crop. Divided intolans, each of which has
specific spirit as its patron, the Winnebago have an
elaborate system of division of power. Chiefs custom
arily come from the Thunderbird clan; the ritleaft
passes from father toson unless the son proves himself
unworthy of taking on leadership, Members of the
Hawk clan serve as leaders in wae and make up a
warrior elite. Warriors, though led hy @ war chief,
remain free to follow their own instinets and
leave a war party at any time, Anyswamior ty
instigate a call ro wags warrants it
B Custodians of traditions, mak
thornoone breaks the numerous rules and
Usroms regarding hunting and harvesting. Members
of this clan have the right to punish offenders by
buming their lodges, flogging them or, in extreme
circumstances, killing chem.

The Spirit World

The people of the lakes honor the manitows,
knowing that they live by the sufferance of the beings
that inhabit the natural and supernatural realms
Greater manitous include the sun, moon, the four
winds and other powerful spirits Lesser ones consist of
the spirits of animals, trees and other natural objects
Ceremoniesintended tohonor orplacate the manitous
play an important part in the daily life of the lake
peoples, Par are the ceremonies and
prayers honoring ani
mals. Hunters celebrate the frst deer kill of the season
with a great feast, thanking the spirit of the deer for
allowing itself vo be killed

From birth to death, riruals honoring the spitits
govern an individual's life, In infancy, a ritual naming
ceremony calls down the good favor of the manitous.
If necessary, a name changing, ceremony gives a child
a new name if is first one does not fit, Both boys and
surls participate in vision quests when they are ready t0
assume rolesin the adult community. Sometimesthese

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 7"

ALLS STS ST IY)


quests involve isolation in a special house constructed
other time quests require
a secluded place far from the quester's
i
Personal rituals emphasize an individual's rela
tionship to the spirit world, while communal ceremo-
nies tie an entire group to the world of the manitous.
Shamans act as intermediaries for villages and clans,
leading rituals and performing ceremonies for a multi-
‘axle of purposes including healing thesick,blessingan
upcoming hunt, giving success in war or asking for a
bountiful harvest. Inhaling sacred tobacco smoke or
scattering shredded tobacco leaves actoss the water oF
cath enhances the effectiveness of rituals honoring
the spirits. Shox a spacialised in herbal healing
are known as the Wabeno. These wise ones leam the
usesof the many plants that grow in the lake region and
use these herbs in their healing ceremonies. Rituals
ich as the Shaki at Ceremony provide
ns with mi om the spirits that often
our sickness. Many shamans
rian belong to the Grand Medicine
Midewiwin and use their common
bonds to preserve and pass on the knowledge of their
healing lore and theirsecret powers. Songs play ag
part in the relationship with the Spirit World. $

a journi

sh

we useful in driviny
om the lake

ongs

Croatan Song

gy pines in <<

of thanksgiving and petition wse drums, wood or reed
flutes and accompanying dances to send powerful
messages to the spirits

The Three Fires

When they arrived in their new home, the
Anishinabe separated into three groups, each of
which made an oath to keep alive one of the
traditionsof their people. The Ojibwa took on the
task of preserving the spiritual beliefs of the Or

nal People. The Ottawa swore to act as traders and
maintain contact among the various groups. The

Porawatomi promised (0 ct as keepers of the
ancred fcc, whireby jreavc aunny te groups

be achieved through negotiation,

People of the Hudson Valley

Settling around the region west of the Hudson
River, near Lake Erie and Lake Ontario, our Kinfolk
make up aunique language group of keauokaarspakers
who maintain a rivalry with their Algonquian neigh-
hors to the east and west of them. The land here is
fertile, suitable for both hunting and planting. Al-


~~

x»

eA

though the nations that share this land frequently go
towwar against ane another, they also know the wiysof
peace and have produced great alliances that stand as
models for uniting groups around a common purpose.

Huron

The name "Huron" has existed only since the
coming Of the French traders, It comes from a word
‘meaning "wild boat" and is intended to recognize our
Kinfolk as savages. Their own name, the Wendat,
means "islanders" or "peninsula dwellers" and describes
the land on which they live, herween Lake Simeoe and
Georgian Bay near the waters of Lake Huron.

Like theie roquoian rivals, our Huron Kinfolk live
by both hunting and farming, though they rely on
fishing to supply most of their food. Fishing expedi
toms Lasting fo slong asa month net catches of fresh

He
reach)
inst

with neighborter sLingpescrviticny
Huron excel at thitssort of diplomacyse

Iroquois ~ ,
Known as the Imquols—a nuume given to them by
their Algonquian rivals, whoreferred to themas Hilokoa,
the "killer people," the Iroquois call themselves
Hoxenosaunee, or people of the longhouse. Composed
of five distinct peoples, who joined together as the
League af Five Nations, the Irquois consist of the
Seneca, Cayuga, Mohawk, Oneida and Onondaga na-
tions. Ihe great torests of tits, hemocks, oaks, maples
sand birches provide our Kinfolk with timber forbuilding
houses, canoes and useful items as well as bows and
arrows. Animalsand birds hound in the forests, provid
¥ lroquoian hunters with a wide variety of game, Deer
and bear are the primary game animals, for not only do
they provide a steady. source of meat but they also
contribute their hide and fur for Blankets and clothing
Inthe clear spaces, the Iroquois find an abundance of
food —wald greens, herhs, berries and nuts. Fishing the
watees ofthe rivers and likes in the region also lids to
the variety of available food. The Irewpusians have few

taboos concerning food, although they refwse to eat
anakes, which embody evil spirits

Women sometimes participate in the hunt, pate
ticularly when karge groups of people come together wo
drivea herd of deer into a place where the hunters can
trap and kill them. Women also have charge of grow-
ing.com,astaple cropamong the people of thisregion.
For this, women are honored.

Our Kinfolk build their villages inland, using high
ground as a defense against attackers such as the
Hurons. Wooden palisades, ditches and earthen con-
structions act as fortifications. Smaller villages, with-
‘out such protections, lie scartered around the
In times of war, the inhabitnnes of these small settle
ments flee to the fortified villages.

Within the walls of the palisades, the froquoians
construct many houses, including communal
longhouses that sometimes contain as many as twenty
families, Orherbuildingsinclude medicine huts, steam
and sweat lodges and homes for small families who do
not yet claim an affiliation with one of the longhouses.

The lroquoian peoplesclaim descent through their
mothers, and marriages are made across clan bound.
sits wo' prevent t06 ee ret
over longhouses goes others, the eldest and
wisest ofthiWwomicn in each family group. Wamen also

[pold-ownership ‘of the land for their clans. Clans
among the Iroquois include the Deer, Wolf, Bear,
Beaver, Turtle and Hawk, among others.

Besidleshuntingand engaging in warfare, Irequoian
men cleat fields for the women to work anda
sible for the building and upkeep of a villa
cations. Although our Lroquoian Kinfolk live mote
settled lives than our other Kinfolk nations, they
frequently move their villages when the surrounding
soil is exhausted. Later, when the land has recovered
its fertility, the people may move back to an area.

The Iroquois have separate chiefs for peacecime
and wartime. Civil councils meet in the longhouse,
while councilsof war often take place in more secluded

places. Elders known as Old Men provide advice tothe
Peace councils. Most of the wars in the region involve

the rivalry between the Iroquois and the Huron. War
parties conduct raids on their enemies, and prisoners
taken in battle belong to their captors and are either
adopted into a clan orelse killed in atorture ceremony
designed to show off the bravery of the condemned.

The Spirit World

Both the lioquotaceinid the Hansa paystaonec ta
the many spirits chac inhabit the other world. The
Hurons refer to these beings as old. Both groups honor
the spirits of the sky when forging peuce ar at other

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds a

ina eaten <1


|

AZ

solemn ceremonies. Failure to perform the proper
ritualstuns the risk of offending the spirits and leading
rw sickness, death or ill fortune. Rituals thanking the
animals' spires before and after u hunt ensure the good
will of these beings in future hunts. Ceremonies usu-
ally involve songs and dances as well as offerings of
tobacco, prayers and beads, Planting «nd harvesting
alo requires giving ceremonial Caauks w the spirisof
the fies ane! of the individual plants. Sometimes
sgzmnes such as lacrosse serve as offerings to the spirits,
becoming ritual competitions in honor of weather
spiries, The Green Com Ceremony celebrates the com
harvest, while midwinter ceremonies celebrate the
end of one year and the beginning of a new one.
Healing is the province of shamans ot medicine
men, who often interpret dreams to determine the
nature of an illness, believing that unfulf
lead to sickness of bos

tl easter ‘ ¢
ty mn speakers who te
northeastern f

Anishinabeco
challenges but
honor the land and its creatures and pay proper rever-
ence to the spirits who inhabit them. The lands that
extend fro the Gulf of St. Lawrence to the region
called New England by the Europeans abounds in
forests and game; fish and fowl. Much of the land also
brings forth food of its own accord as well as providing
nurture for planted crops.

Eastern and Western Abenaki

‘The Abenaki people dwell in the lands that in-
clude the valleys of the Penobscot and Connecticur
Rivers and stretch from the Atlantic coast to the
borders of Lake Champlain, Here the people make use
of the riches provided them by the coustal waterways
and lukes, harvesting the many kinds of fish chat dwell
fn the sea and migrate upriver during spawning season.
Along the seacoast, an abundance of shellfish, includ-
ing clams and oysters, supply both flesh for eating and
shells for making useful items and strings of warpum.

‘Trees such as alder, ash, hickory, cedar, walnut and fir
provide the people with wood, sap and nuts, while the
forest itself tems with berries and herbs. Game ani-
malssuch asdeer, raccoon, beaver, elk and moose offer
rich bounty of meat and skins, and our Kinfolk make
‘use of every part ofaslain animal. They also planceorn

tnd squash as staple foods and grow tc
sacred ceremonies.

The waterways provide the Abenaki and other
coastal Algonquians with rapid means of transporta-
tion and communication. Canoes made from birch
bark allow quick travel for purposes of hunting, war-
fare, tradingexpeditionsand seasonal migration. Mov-
ing from one village to another, traders carry a variety
of items — food and herbs as well as crafted materials
— from places where they are common to villages
where such goodsare rare and valuable. Both men and
women participate in trade journeys.

A village's houses are shaped like loaves, mace
from bent poles taken from young trees and covered
with a variety of materials —either reed mats, animal
skins or tree bark. Longhouses similar 1 those of the
Troquois provide sbeloct for fatnily groups. ‘The Abenal!
place ehei villages on hills, whi few

-co for their

ids tn the eastern coastal lands.
Men and women work rogether in most activities,
but they perform different tasks. Men act as huncers,
while the women who accompany the hunting parties
ae responsible for preparing the meat and skins. Men
prepare the fields for planting, but women tend the
crops. Planting and raising the sacred tobacco, how-
ever, remains a province of the men.

Although women perform most of the tasks of
housekeeping and raising food, they also receive gree
respect for their work and own the fruits oftheir labor.
This gives women power and standing among our
Kinfolk, who recognize that life consists of mre than
hunting and war.

The Abenaki recognize clans such as the Turtle,
‘Ouer and Bear and believe that cach clan carries
some of the traits of theie patron animal. Leadership
usually passes down through a single faunily line, but
if asachem (chief) proves unworthy of his position,
the people may trip him of his powerand replace him
with « better chief.

Micmac
The Micmac nation dwells in the far north:
cast, along the waters of the Atlantic and Gulf of

Sc. Lawrence. Although they graw only tobacco,
thew Kin of ours hunt moose for meat and make

82 Croatan Song

_

eins


Made from beads and shells, the elaborate
belts, strings, medallions, armlets and other items
collectively referred to as "wampum" represented
wealth of an individual or a family and also
Jas records of past deeds, impnetant events
and pieces of lore, The pattems and colors of the
beadsand shells contained meanings. White beads
or shells indicated purity, while red beads symbol:

var. Gifts of wampum cemented pe
served as signs of authority and also figured in
trade. In the absence of written records, wampum
ts, with eheir various symbols and pattems,
acted ws « plcogeuphic Language diat all who saw

could unders

nd

good use of the abundant forests. The Micmac go
‘out to sea to pursue whales and sometimes don
sealskins co stalk seals with clubs and harpoons.
Occasionally a whale washes upon the shore. Such
an event brings many families together to carve the
whale's body for meat. Tools made from whale
hones and oil from whale fat supply the Micmac
with items necessary for their survival

Our Micmac Kinfolk live in tipi-like houses
covered with bark, Their leaders,

the sagamores,

~~

BAS

come from families considered powerful or wealthy
A sagumore is responsible for providing and allo-
cating resources for everyone in his community
whether making sure that hunters have enou
dogs fora hunt or that traders have ample
for their expeditions.

‘The Spirit World

‘The eastern Algonquians recon!
presence of mat

world around them. Both be
spirits exist in nature, The
Faapoct the maliiou: waterapicin who ill neath
the rivers and oceans, waitin, areless

noes

The

ghost spirit:
to wam an individual of his imminent death. Thanks
sivingecremonies appease thespiisof unis bei

hirvest and thaak the spe ofthe com and ochet
crops for their bounty.

People of the Great Plains

When the great inland sea receded, leaving be

hindaflacand erie lan
to live in the vast p

many eoplecame

ins region of central North


|

oe AA

America. Great herds of bison roamed the plains,
providing the inhabitants with arich store of food and
other marerials for daily life. Many of these ancient
cultures died ont or moved on to ocher places and new
people came to elaim the lands. Our Kinfolk of the
plains continue to exist as their predecessors did,
through pursuing the bison and tilling the soil

Blackfeet

The Blackfeet occupy the northermast region of
the plains. The aequisition of the gun and the horse,
which they called "big dog," has allowed the em
sence of the Blackfoot Confederucy asa great powerin
the northem plains. A society of warriors within the
nation, calling themselves the Brave Does, helps keep

‘onder within the campsand protects then from outsid-
cers and raiders,

along the Plart
hey live a nomadic life in,

Valley, south
tendencies Hidatsa cling res
farming asamainstay in their existence. In later yeurs,
an offthoot of the Hidatsa, calling themselves the
Absaroka, abandon the waysofthe land and take upan
exclusively nomadic existence. French explorers refer
to these nomads as the Crow.

Mandan

‘The Sivan »peukers known as the Mandan oc-
ccupy the lands of the northern Missouri River, in the
region now called North Dakota, Their homes consist
of log frames covered with mud, much like heir
neighbors, the Pawnee. Although these Kinfolk have
strong taboos governing, marriage partners, the rela-
jonship berween a brother and sister remainsa strong
lifetime bond of mutual support and sharing,

Pawnee

Arriving in the region sometime during the 13th
century (by European reckoning), the Pawnee trav-

84

LTA POT ET

¢led from the lands once home to the Mississippian
‘culture. Our Pawnee Kinfolk practice farmning as well
as hunting skills. They also keep the prctice of
human sacrifice through their Morning Star Cer:
emony, in which they kill a female captive in a great
ritual. They occupy the land along the Platte River,
making use of the river's fertile soil for growing food.
‘The abundance of bison also provides them with the
bulk of their meat and hides.

‘The Pawnee live in clreular houses made from
logs and covered with grasses and soil. Many people,
usually families, share the same lodge and a village
might have from 20 to 200 lodges. In spring, our
Kinfolk plant com und other food crops. Summer
brings the time for hunting the huffalo oe bison herds
In late summer and early fall, the people turn their
attention to the harvest and to huncing deer. By late
fall, when the stores of food are gathered for the
winter, the Pawnee return to the pursuit of the
buffalo. In the winter, they remain in their villages
and feast on the fruits of the test of the yeue's work.

Sioux

tongue have foun
cent is c

Beat plains over the
les of the Oceti Sakowin (Seven.
res) claim the land near the lake country of
Wisconsin and Minnesoca. From this group come the
people known as the Wiciyela, Nukota and
Thanktonwan. Here they dwell in squared off houses.
They hunt the herds of buffalo and deer that roam th
plains near their homes, but do little in the way of
farming. Wild rice provides them with grain without
the trouble of rising it. The Teton Sioux. including
the Lakota, Oglala, Sicangu and other nations make
their homes west of the Missouri River, where they
spend most of their time hunting the buffalo.
The Sioux make use of un extensive network of
social relationships to keep their mobile population
togetherasa unit. Often anolder man adoptsa younger

‘one, treating him as if he were a true son. The practice
‘of Hunkayapi — dhe waking of a relative — creates

closer connections among the people and crosses fam
ily lines. Many ceremonies mark significant passages in
the life of the Sioux, from a girl's first manifestation of
wominhood to the end of 2 yearlong mouming for @

dead child's spirit. Gift giving demonstrates wealth
and standing among the Sioux; the more an individual
gives away, the greater his wealth and respect.

The World of the Spirits

‘The spiritual life of the plains nations revolves
around ceremonies and the presence of many saciet-

Croatan Song


a A

al pursuits, The Elk
perform many ceremonies
involving courtship and marriage. Among the Crow,
Tobacco Societies govern the rituals surrounding the
planting and f the sacted herb. Women
have theirsocieties as wel cluding ones devoted:
quillworking or tipi decorating. Wa
provide a framework for teaching your
unting and warfa

cred ritual of the

of the Si

societi
men the

ains is the
of 8 man's

the favor of the spirits in matters of rever
Dance

se ‘way to petition the creatures of
world in times of ne
experience. Successful completion of the
grueling ritual results in a vision orsome other mesvage
from the spirit world

Dancing and storytellin,
ane times in the lives of the pl

the © ro mark come life

ommemorate impor

people whileat the
me time paying respect to the spirits that govern
those times. Elaborate and often sectet initia

jon rites

induct new members into the many socicties of the
plains. The presence of sacred clowns, ot conte:
Jemonstrates the spiritual devo!
through humor and mockery. (
the spirit ofthe thund
do not n

The plains people venerate the ercat spirits of the my

weather — thunder, wind, lightning, rain and other
(rit
none of these

mended

ince of nature wh

serpower the othe

Vision quests and dreams pre
folk with personal
Central to many ri

Je our plains Ki
tachments to the spirit world.
is the use of tobace d the
smoking of the sacred pipe. Essential ro many ceremo-
nites, including thos heendingofawar,the
pi yy known as the "peace pipe."
Sweat lodges provide sacred places where both
men and women may purify their bodies and spirit
inhalin p mixed with sacred herbs while reciti
prayers for cleansing to the spirits.
Me undles, collections of ol
wrapped in cloth orskin, aid in healin
bundles, containing objects impor
symbolize that person's conn

hat

cts of

while person

1g ero

ing the keeping, making and passing on of bund

emphasize the importance of these

jects to the


&
|

ee

laying Kinfolk
the Pure Lands

Kinfolk characters can idd variety and interest to
Pure Landschronicle. Warriors, shamans, contraties,
hunters and lorekecnets of the various nations may
choose — or be chosen — to travel with a pack of
Garou to perform some important rask. A. group of
Kinfotkhuntes
Wendigo spirite" to asciet them in finding 2
lowe child or locating the lairof a malicious supernatu:
ral predator. After the coming of the Europeans, Kin
folk may seek aid their area against

Roc

Legs othe plats

people, sisters dften accot
‘war. These inttances, howell, wore tte excepeions —
not the rule. ‘exceptions, and

the "facts" should nér prevent Bl
female characters from doing so, Storytellers may
adjust circumstances to make exceptions for female
Kinfolk by creating special situations in w female
characters background. The binh of a daughtor ton
Iroquois warrior might be accompanied by omens that
indicate that the child should be raised in the ways of
‘war and the hunt. for her skills will one day he nected
byher people. A Wendigo pack in the Pacific North-
west may recognize thata young git! belonging to their
Kinfotk has the potential to become a great shaman
« her education themselves or urge her
0. Inessence, the descriptions of Kinfolk
nations should enhance, not testrict, storytelling. If
you have to hend the facts to enable female Kinfolk
characters to participate fully in the action of your
stories, then bend away.

(Naturally, female Garou don't have to work as
hard to achieve acceptance among their own kin; a
femuutle werewolf born under the full moon is chosen to
boawarrior by Luna herself, and that isthe end of that.
She may still encountersomie problems when interact-
ing with humans, particularly if she's rematkably
gressive (like, say, an Ahroun), but for the most part,
her tribe will treat her as a full equal.)

Some guidelines for Kinfolk characters in this
setting can be found in Chapter Four.

desiring to play

Lifeways of the Wolf

‘The Pure Lands were a paradise for wolves —or at
least as much as life can be for animals that make their
living off the wilds. For the most part, prey was boun
tiful and territory seemingly limitless. While humans
did overhunt certain prey species in some ateas, and
did restrict wolf pack travel into some others, these
limits were mere annoyances compared to the mod:
emeday situation.

In fact, dee worst problew confronting wolves was
‘ach other— wolf packs roamed far and wide and often
fought over territory as prey migrated. For the mest part,
<qquilibriom was maintained, but sometimes — ustally
due to human-caused prey migrations — packs clashed,
sometimes wiping out half their memberships in fierce
struggles or due to hunger when more prominent packs
kepe them from successfully finding their own prey.

‘Wolves were also notimmune to the Wyrm-beasts
‘crawling the land. Bane-infected or Wyrm-maddened
wolves were not unknown to Garou, who viewed this
‘of. theirsmost pure breeding lines as 1

{sberuption of their human Kin.
ined longlivesexclusively among
g ther homid brothers ar even

es are che withing of jek
ling rights this entailed (For
the loyal lieutenantsbips of
thesecondsand lower-onder pack members. Alsoipopi
lar were huntingrituals, such asthe laborious choosing
of the Prey, and its subtle acknowledgment of its part
inthe great cycle, without which the Prey could not be
chased lest the pursuers anger its Animal Elder.
Wolf caerns, established deep in the wilderness,
away from humans. and maintained stricrly by lupe
Garou, helped defend wolf packs from monsters. A few
‘of these forgotten cuerns may still exist in modern
tumes in the most remote regions, unknown to even
most descendants of the Pure Lands tribes, although
the Red Talons have discovered a few of themand laid
claim. Finding such cacrns is difficult, for they are
rarely marked by physical feaeures, The best signs ate

urine marks or the occasional footprint of telling sc

eee


wae
Marrying Animals

‘One theme that runs through many early legends
of the migration and initial settlement of the Pure
Lands by the thece: brother tribes of Garou is that of
marriage to animal spirits. To further the alliance:
with their new protectors, spirits would agree to ma
Garou (and vice versa), most often co share spiritual
powers or produce children with special al
Sometimes, however, such things
love, such in the story of the "Tall Gay
Manitou," where 4 powerful Bear-s
with a Ragubash after viewing his anticsg
fests as a she-bear and tries to seduce
Garou inaseries of amusing but poign:
futhe wants nothing todo with her. Then,
chreatens his life after capsizing
revealed tha
water, having insulted a Water-spirita long
Before the monster can devour him, the Beat-spi
plunges into the river and swats the hapless Gar

devoured herself, to the eternal guilt and agony of
Tall Grass, who laughs no more.

The practice of animal marriage lesiened over
time. as the Garou and humans more fully defines!
theirrolesin thenew lands, and almost ceased entirely
after the coming of the Europeans. It is an extremely
rare practice in modem times, rewarded nly 16 the
moet deserving Garou

BN

ww
a ce re SE SLI ORES Mt Femoral

back onto the shore as if he were a fish. She is then

The actual marriage requites the enactment of &
rite,and ie bindsthe spouses together in aspiritual union

whereby it becomes easier forthe spirit to muanifest and
forthe Garou to stepsideways, so that each may visi the
‘other more often (and conceive children)

As beneficial as these marriages sound, they
were not always allowed. Only certain couplings
were considered to be ordained by Gaia, decided by
the local elders after a lengthy time of viewing

tents and other signs to show that other spirits
roved nfghe-unian. Sometimes, the spitit's Ani
al Elder would disapprove, and farnine would visit

Sarofif such a marriage cook place, requiring
farmulment (whereby neither spouse could
‘other again) or an adventure to win the

(Ht all spirits are friendly with each

"ther, and wars between the animal people were often

common as those between human nations. Marry>
a predator spirit might anger cettain prey species,

uch thar they would no longer gant Gifts to the

artied Garou's pack oF sept. One example of this sort
‘of behavior i still cold in the story of "Octer Against
the Beaver People," in which the Beaver-spirits wage
war against a pack of Garou when their alpha marries
aan Otter-spirit; the isue is resolved when both parties'
claim to a river is threarened by a Wyrm-monster (a
common unifying threat).

Chapter Two: Whose Hunting Grounds 47



fr would be very pleatane to die with « wolf

woman

Te would be very pleasant

—Tlingit song

€elling Tales

When creating a chronicle set in the Pure Lands,
the options available to you can leave you spoilt for
choice. There's the possibility of creating stories set
during the grear and bin of the mighty Banes;
there's also the possibility of games set during the times
of prosperity, when politics among often-warting hu:
man Kin ave far more prominent than bat
Wyrm-things. Youmightd
first contacts with European settlers, or you might find

smpalling Hach
pumher of different storie that
do several of the loc

the Groat Migration icsolf equal
time period s
might be set the

possible in
ing their stories so chat the players' characters can
be exposed to numerous situations and sites as well as
to the varied nations that form the Kinfolk backbone
of the three tribes. While some scholars 1
there were barely a million Native Americans spread

outover North America when the European explorers
and colonists arrived, later study indicaces that the

America alone) when white men fi
Pure Land's shores. In Centeal America, mny mil
lions more lived in great empires that far outshone any
European coun

t touched the

ies in existence at that time

Pure Lands Chronicles

‘The first consideration when:
chronicle is the actual era of th

sninga Pure L

ne. This decision

impacts thechoice of what tribes to incl
to involve, and numerous other detail

le. what nations
Most impor
tantly, the era has an impact on the mood and themes of
yourstories

achronicleset duringthe Europe:
Violations isby default going tobe considerably moce rim
tha chronicle set in the height of the Middle Time

Great Migration
Three Brother tribes ax They must fight che
Wyrm spawned foes that harry the athe way

figure was probably more like 21 million (in North defendtheirKinfolk, and scou both
in the physical world and in the Umbra. The hea ON
Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeats 49

_

Ty,


suffered by Sasquateh's trike compel the gentle sprit
become the furious, cannibalistic Wendigo, with obvious
rrumifications for any characters from Younger Brother's
tribe. Such a yume would focus strongly on exploration,
‘warfare and survival — any one of which isa challenge for
players andallthree together make atest worthy ofanyhero.

Obviously, themes of harsh diversity and hard-
won reward are relevant here. Such a story is not for the
weak-hearted: much irrevocable loss of life and frieruds
‘occurs along the way

Taming the Land

‘Once the Garou arrive in the Pure Lands, i's not all
peaceand fry bread. They've come fora reason, and that's
to cleanse the Wyrm
‘various monsters and tainted humans who threaten Gaia's
hegemony over thisfinal bastion oftalance: These initial
battles are the fiercest ofall, as the monsters have grown
fac and healthy on a land where they were previously
unopposed. [t's forthis reason chat many of the Banes —
including the one that would one day break free and fuse
‘with amighty Weaver-spiit o become the Storm Barer
‘of Werewolf: The Wild West —are too strong for ywcks
to destroy and must be bound away.

Along the way, the Garou migrate with their
Kinfolk, and dedicate new cacms a4 some of them
settle in certain places. Mew spirits are encountered
and must be allied with —don't think that they reall
happy to see the Garou! Some smell the raw rage on
these wolves and itll take some negotiating to get
them to tell thei secteus and give cheir Gifts.

Chronicles set after most of th initial work bis been.
donecan follow this general model, Even when mostofthe
Baneshave been bound beneath the earth ar most of the
‘monstetsare cd, seme crestures —the most cunning —
still manage to slip through the cracks. In addition, the
Blood acrificesof Mesoamerica steawakeningarxlsrength-
ening various Wyrmn-spirits and blood-drinking devils,
sexne of which may cross paths with the players' pack.
Packs may find themselves spending most of their time
trying to ensure the welfure of theic human and wolf Kin,
with the occasional barrle against a loose Bane orahuman
who has become a monster by violating taboos. Spirie
quests and rivalris between nations round the year out:

For most of theve chronicles, themes of heroism
and adventure are most appropriate. While the mon-
sters are challenging, ultimately life is joyful —a well-
cared respite from the Great Migration, Now, the
Garou are in control and the Wyrm in the minority.

Wyrmeomers

All good things come to an end. The European
colonists arrive and wreak havoc on the native popu-

90 Croatan Song

in ions

a 2

lations, through disease and war. With them come new
Wyrm creatures to challenge the native Garou in ways
they ean barely adapt to. With the loss ofthe Croatan
ibe, the Uktena and Wendigo are greatly handi-
‘capped in fighting this new menace.

‘And don't forget the incoming Garou of the other

tribes. Theydon'calways make friends with the natives

—and worse, it's often hard to cell just who's sawere
and who isn't. Whar if the local Get are actually
tustworthy, while the nearby Children of Gaia aren't
above tryingto reform the native nationsof their worse
habits — ar nearly any cost?

‘This chronicle can incorporate characters of the
European tribes or he pack might remain entirely Uktena
and Wendigo. In cithercase, the Storyteller should avoid
‘ainting things in purely black and white terms — the
players shoulda': be convinced that every member of
every tribe iseither right or wrong. There were plenty of
instancesofnative warriors murdering innocent whitesas
revenge for wrongs done to them; and as mentioned
before, torture was far from taboo for most nations, That
said, many actionsofthe European scrtlersand theGarou
who came with them are peetry unfoepivahle, particularly
in the cases when the native nations trusted their new
"brothers from across the sea it would be a disservice to
ssugircoat the way things played out.

‘Themes of betrayal and deception ace appruptiate
sand not far from the truth of things. Many characters
the pack meets will initially seem friendly and crust
worthy, only to reveal their true colors later on. When
the Wyrm rears its ugly head tn these chronicles, it
might almost be a reltef to the players to finally have
something co fight other than their cousins.

Wild West

Obviously, the Werewolf: The Wild West
rulebook and sourcebooks are ideal sources for this
time period. This time period has several distinct
axivantages, not the least of which is familiarity; mose
players' image of Native Americans involves mounted
buffalo hunts, bartles against rifle-wielding soldiers
feud fuittitrmtecandrther eroples Sédhe time The Duce
Landsare far from pure atthe time of the Savage West's
scoryline, and che Croatan are long gone, but many of
the themes of a Pure Lands game remain intact — in
fact, the bittemess is even stronger than ever before

Indian Country (Modern)

‘A modern chronicle can be set on any reservation,
and concern the trials and tribulations — and occa-
sional triumphs — of the Uktena and Wendige tribes
and their human Kinfolk. Obviously, much of this
book's information will serve more as historical back


Ag

v=

em SS

ground in such achronicle, but asany werewolfknows,
thepastisavery livingthing. Ancestor-spiritskeepthe
powers of the old folk alive, and the Umbra offers
windows that peer with crystal clarity into che past.
Likewise, there are still forlom places in the Ameri-
cas where people don't go. Some of these are hauntesd
by spirity never conquered by the newcomers. What
lost lore and treasures wait in these groves and grottos
far from the cities? Is the earthshaking legacy of the
Mound Builders due to eruptonce more? Are the great
Banes bound beneath the earth beginning to wriggle
free from thetr shackles? I's nocan easy decision toset
aside the struggles of the modern woeld in the hopes of
finding something from the past that just might help
you win a few bates in the war of Apocalypse — buts
sometimes you just have to take risks, 4

Other Tribes in the Pure Lands |

m lore says that of the Garou only the"
‘oatan ancl Wendigo lived inthe Pure Lands
before the coming of the Europeans. Butthere just may
be a few individual cases chat disprove this mule. Vi-

kingseame toNoeth fais and ace,

tp a caern Id thelt Vinland seal
allowed others to artive by Moon Br
(mis)adventures? Fentir legend holds

thac were born from just such « circumstance.
And there is the mysterious legend of Prince
ap Owein Gwynneth, a Welsh prince p
sailed off in corackes with a crew of colon
scen in the West again, Some belie
Americas, and either provide the Iq
Modoc among Central Americans or:
asthe ancient stone fortifications sumsest
those legends among the Native Amerigang 6
natives with "moon eyes" (blue eyes) and pale sen
‘What if some Fianna came with this prince, and
made caernsof their own in the south, justasthe Vikings
may havedone inthe north? ftmayexplain why somany
Score-rich Vinfall- ware later deawn to migrate to the
Appalachians, a climate so diferent from that of their
homes. There are also rumors of Stargasers other than
Crescent Vision making the journey to the Pure Lands,
although these rumorsare vague and easily dismissed,
(Cfeourse,thisicall ust conjecture. Nobody would really
believe it today. But thar doesn't mean it did't happen...

The Generational Chronicle

‘One particular sort of chronicle lends itself well to
Pure Lands setting: a chronicle in which the players

tna

, Nelahélipreyiouscharacters through Fast Lite,

eventually explore the stories of four or five successive
generations of Garou and their people.

Such a chronicle would begin in the usual way,
with the Storyteller deseribing the setting and the
players creating a pack to match, (It might be a good
idea to inform the players of your plans to run a
gencrational chronicle at this point, in order ti
them started thinking ahead — but thea
prise has its merits, too. Follow your gut instincts.)

‘After a few stories with this initial pack and their
cohorts, probably organized together in u story are, the
chronicle moves on to the next generation of Garou.
(Note that this needn't literally be the next generation
abet story aremight take place acenturycrlongerafter

ist one:) The players' characters for this weneration
‘are apumed to be the descendants of che last pack and
their Kin, although playing descendants ofthe last pack's

Uicscrevenrivalsisjustasinteresting. The new packyoe=
"MbwOiigh another story arc or so. and then the chronicle
‘moves Gh co their descendants, and s0 on until the
chrogigle yeaches its climax. In this way, players can

direcdy experience the millennia-old traditions of the
jag to say nothing of having a serious stake in the

remniele.IUsone thing (disgrace your
onlyhavea vague ideo who they
Bother thing when you're all nx) aware of
mugh sbcy struggled and suffered on your bebal
Offgortse, you can use a few tricks to even further
hooléthe players interest. Fist ofall sthe we of Ances:
tor-spirtsfuweplayerscan resist the opportunity tochan-
tovlearn
hem, An even sneakier technique involves

Jgranting 1 small bonus to those players who faithfully
to preserve the thingsso vital wo the Grou — theie

jons, their Kinfolk, and their descendants,
ssi is deceptively simple. When play:
ration, tke careful noce at which
chiMiet@gggbintving thc hardest to provide fo the
future. In particular, remember those players whose
cchameters treat their Kinfolk well, strive to mate hon-
orably and produce Grow offspring, and who generally
work hard forthe welfare of their familice and deccen
ants. Then, whien the tiie comes to create the next
eration of characters, offer those players a few extra
freebie or Background points to represent their fore-
bean! provisions for their welfare. (Youean do thiseven
if they're not choosing to play direct descendants cf
their previous characters; its the thought that counts.)
Don't go out of your way to penalize players whose
characters mated with other Garou, threw themsely
into suicide situations without providing for thei fam
liesfirst,o performed similarly selfish actions; just don't
give them the rewards thar the others are. getting

Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals a


aA",

‘Continue this process with each generation: This does
an admirable job of tressing,just how important it is for
Garou to think beyond "the now," as well as just how
much each werewolf owes to his ancestors.

A generational chronicle és particularly appropriate
toPure Lands games langely because the local culturesand
borden don'c undergo quite as much drastic change from,
one century oy the aext when compared co those of say,
rope. This ends to reduce the workon the Storyteller,
who ean spend less time doing research on the arca's
history and more time fleshingout the latest generation's
tmmediute a family members and concems.

Ofcourse, ambitious Storyrellershave the option to
goall out. A tuly epic chronicle could begin with the
first story ares taking place as the tribes cross the land
bridge and enter the Pure Lands for the first time, nnd
the great wats against the native monsters. The next
story arc could deal with a n the
‘concems of the pre-Columbidih
after that could see the European colonist4l
nally, the Storyteller could shift the
Werewolf: The Wild Westformat:
‘even to the modemdoy We
setting, Such a chronicle coul
to fully play our — but inp
playerswill feel rotheir
through thedeeds of a01
abetrer way to express
hopes and fearsof thousand OF
children of the End Times, econ ae whagaa

Croatan Song and the

Modern-day Chronicle —

Even if you choose to run a chronicle set firmly in
modem umes (or aren't willing to set your regular
chronicleasidetoplaya Pure Lands game), there are still
a couple of clever tactics you can use fo get the mostout
of this book, Your players won't know what hit them.

Past Life Flashback

Using the flashback ceclnique, a Storyrelier Gm
‘vault his players' characters into the past, to play ances-
to of the present-day characters. (This is even possible
ifnocall the charactersare Uktena ot Wendigo, although
tt might be difficult to rationalize » particularly mixed
packall having ancestors in the Pure Landsat nbout the
same time. In such 0 ease, some of the pack members
might not be seeing their own blood ancestors, but
instead taking the roles of people who preceded them in
purpose.) The device for this story can be the Back-
round: Past Life, although there are plenty of other ways
for a pack to eeeeive visions in an appnopriate manner.

2

a

The usual way of handling such a session s for the
Storyteller to fill out the character sheets for the modern
packs' ancestors busing the Traits on what he knows of
cach lineage's particular strengths and weaknesses. How:
‘ever, there's no reason you can't just use the modem ay
pack's tris as és, with only minor modifications (the
Firearms Shall becoming Archery, and so forth). Such
aynchronicity between a pack and theic ancestors is
probably a side effect of the flashback's point of view —
for pethaps the characters really ae that similar to their
forebears, for whatever reason destiny has ordained,
‘The Storyteller can use dhese flashbacks to shed
lightona modem mystery, orasarecurring cycle of time
that took place in the pastand occurs again today (such
as that depicted in the "Legacy Rite" comic in the
Werewolf Second Edition rulebook). There are as

many gationales for such a story as there are reasons to
ele iSiting the first place

m-day/Charicters can be drawn into a rep-
Uinbral "shadow" of olden times, a
mod pf epiris stuff. This place doesn't
ss such — it may seem to
,rraveled hack in time, for so
t "éven the sharpest Theunge is
Sr about how (tell the difference. Uncil ast
i )imgeetane clue is revealed by the Storyteller, chat is.

* Such ‘Twilight Zone" epigodes can be similar to a
hack; but instead of ancestors, the current characters
the ones challenged, Maybe some past event was
fe resolved to the universe's satisfaction, s) it muse
tinually replay itself in the Umbra until the it comes
cout rights the hanged man is saves or revealed ax inti:
‘cent, and his murdeters made to pay; the slain Kinfolk is
revenges the deceitful Theurge is revealed as a Wyrm
ally, and thushismodern-day descendants' charade tsalso
uncovered — limitless possibilities,

Also, remember that notall spiritshadows need be
‘exact facsimiles; consider the spin that the Battle-
ground realm might pur on a Pure Lands story, of the
dort of remarkable tales that might bubble up from the
Legendary Realm. And then there are the horrible
things that might have reflections in the Atrocity
Realm — entite villages massacred, put to death in
horrible ways. Umbra: The Velvet Shadow brims
with ideas to spice up these temporal echoes in ways
thar will leave your players talking.

Life in the Pure Lands

Daily life is very different from that for mo
characters in modern stories. There's no adv:

Croatan Song

TT,


~~

»

et ff th

technology to ease the day, and certainly no televi-
sions, Playstations or GameBoys to relieve boredom.
Boredom itself is more a symptom of the repetitive,
post-industrial age jobs and timeclock days than of
nothing to do, Leisure time is not 4 moment for
boredom, but one of rest and respite from hard labor.

"There were no shortcutsin the old times. Ifthere was
a job thar needed doing, doing it was the only answer
Sure, there astination, but eventually a job got
done or there'd be hell to pay when bad weather came.
People had to hunt and gather extra food to store for
winter, and make sure chey had all che right tools in good
shape in ease they needed thera in bad times. There was
nohardware store togoto,althoughdependingontheera,
there might be some trading posts either native or white

‘One of things to get across with the armosphere of
any Pure Lands game set in the past is that people did
things themselves; they were self-sufficient, although
they also relied on their family and friends to get the
big things done. Laziness was not a virtue. This isn't to
say that there wasn't free time to be had — only that
feve iene was uch more valued, and few people could
afford to sit on their asses for hours a a rime

Uf things get bit dull for Garou, evey ex always tun
off and explore or sniff out Wyrm taint. But not before
theiechores.atedone! Sept like any native village, weld
uke sure everybody contributed to the cominon goo

Unless trouble loomed large, most rambling ad-
‘ventures would occur during the late spring or summer,
when the weather was best for going forth. Sure, Garou
<ouldhead out atanytime in wolfskin, bravingall sorts
of weather, but someone's got to stay and protect the
Kinfolk, all huddled up against the snow and cold.
‘When their food stores ran out, it was up to the Garou
10 help them our, or else teach them a lesson if it was
their own fault that food was low.

Of eourse, game wasn't always plentiful for Garou,
either. If somebody had insulted prominent Animal
Elder, such as Deer, he might withdraw his children
from the area,and hunting would ger scarce. Then it was
the job of a Garou pack to seek out Deer and ask him to
reconeider,ucunlly a rerun for a queer taking the pack
even farther afield. Thus, Garou don't spend all their
rime fighting monsters; sometimes they have to labori
ously uphold the Ways and keep everybody happy.

Without television or comics or even roleplaying
‘games to entertain themselves, the people instead have
stories. Tales and legends are all important for bringing
people together and conveying news and lessons about
the world or living in it. This tsa good thing, of course;
listening to the tales of great heroes can only whet your
players' appetites co achieve things that will have the
Galliands telling ther stories for generations to come

The Gauntlet in the Pure Lands

Gauntler se igiscary
in and outgl the

is naturally leads to

plentyot stories,

The Pure Lands Gauntlet

The farther back in time a story is pet, the
the Gauntlet is. In the earliest time, wh
first arrived in the Pure Lands, the harrier betw
workds was so thin in places that even humuns could
wander into the spirit world and not know it, and
spirite could wandee out. This huppens in all sorts of
ways, such as when maidens go out to pick flowers and
meet their animal husbands on the way, ot young
warriors journey to find their fathers, suid to be spirits

‘Quests to suceor spirits involve nov se mm
ping sideways on the Garou's part as traveling until
they are sure they have wandered into the Umbra, But
even then it's hard to tell, for both worlds look 50
similar then. Usually, it is only the behavior of spirits
‘or animals that can clue-in watchful Gavou,

Asthe Moundl Builders pet out of hand, che Gaunt
ler gets thick around them, and even the destriction of
that culture does little to weaken the wall 2
Wyrmecomers make it even worse, until ir ac
modem-lay thickness, especially around cities

Internal Strife

Things aren't always happy between the Three
Brothers tribes even before the Wormicomen arrive,
though the Ukrena and Wendigo like to pretend that
theyall goc along like angelsand 'somly the newcomer
Garou who changed that. The various nations went 10
war with one another plenty of times, and the fact that
captives were often subjected to torture before theit
execution is just one example of the layers of grudges
often present. And when Kinfolk start killing each
other, it's not uncommon for their werewolf relat to
beateach other's throats, Although the Three Brothers
weren't always tearing chunks our of each other, the
instances of bloody duels, rivalries and feuds ate rather
more common than you hear about.

Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals 93

——

TT,


ee AA

Like any Garou-Garou conflict, such a story has a
locof dramatic porential, Ifrwo tribes are going to war
inorder to keep their Kin relations well fed, i's hard to
argue thar one tribe isdefinitively inthe right. Surely all
Kin deserve to eat; but wth limited resources, what's
bedone! The presence of the werewolves' ever-buming
rage doesn't help matters any; their warriors' tempera-
ments mike minor slights seem like grave inoults, and
valid jgriewances seem all the more unforgivable. Even
$0, the Garou aren't meant to spend their rage on each
other, and tragedy is almost certain unless some sort of
compromise or solution cin be found. As proud as the
Garou of the Pure Lands are, this is no easy matter,

Seasons of War

In the days before snowplows and pre
food, there were very real imitations on just)
werewolf could afford to go charging off into the!
for months ata time. There were seasons fore
quests nd wars, and there were seasons forte
with one's Kin. Storytellers ean readily
both as a storytelling device co stress the pata
© ingpuvant to dhe Pure Lands rrbes, ands wiconve
nient way of alternating stones of violedtgonflvet with
stories of politics and more mundane cancems.
Asmentioned before, the usual ¢
active while i's warmest. During t
mes, while food is relatively abund

—thisisthe time for questsand tisks. In the aucumnand

winter, as the nights grow long, the Garou's thought,

‘tum co defense. These are the seasons of guarding the
caem against marauding creatures, but they're also the
seasons of storytelling. spending time with Kin, and
otherwise seeing to "home affairs."

(Of coune, there isone exception — Little Brother.
The Wendigo are creatures of the winter, and ate at

The Delirium

The nations of the Pure Lands have suffered
Jess from the Impergium than other human culrures

have, although their ancestors weren't left un-
touched. Asa result, the night-fear still touches the
Native Americans of this time, butlessharshly chan

irdoes the white man. Most natives who aren't Kin
move up wo or three placeson the Delirium chart,
atthe Scorytelle'sdiscretion; Bersere, Terror, Con-
cillatory and Controlled Fear should be the eypical
range. Powerful non-Kin heroes might not be af-
fected by the Delirium atall, making them:

allies — or dangerous rivals,

theie fiercest and strongest when the cold has set in. A
Wendigo pack might choose to make war in thesuramer
(a traditional time for battle) and in the winter, while
remaining peaceful in spring and autumn —or they

ight complerely reverse the other tribes' waditions,
questing in autumn and winter while remainingelose tw
‘home in spring and summer. Such is their way

Middle Times Storytelling

Although the following ideas for storytelling are set
in the Middle Times (fens. after the Mound Builder
culture had passed away until just before Werewolf: The
Wild West beyins), they could be used arany time. They
are included here because they are most suited to this
peried, not exclusive to it. Corminly, catlier
indledextensivelyandworshippedtheirown gods. Among
ithe earliest cultures tales of heroes and monsters abound.
yen after the Native American'

1 spiritual and soxial practices. Some
their belicfseven in the face of forced
dec to exterminate the American In-
sellers should thusfeel free to mixing

ft the challenge, perhaps. In any cave,
ye merely as jumping off points. t's your
Americans loved nothing so much as

Agreements and Land Rights

‘Trade wasa most important aspect of daily fesanor
the nations of the Pure Lands Extensive trade route:
erossedthe country linking both nationsandribes. What

—if something
of value could be found to trade for it, When the
werewolves' own nations become involved, most of the
trade arrangementswill probably be overseen by he Wolf
Changer! Kindolk. Even so, there might oecasionally be
a need for their Wolf-brothers to accompany them or
help chem in negociating terms. Story ideas range from
having the chanctersconduct delicate negotiations with
conce-hostile nations who might now be potential rade
‘partners to guanding an important and valuable carys9.0n
its Way to a far-off encampment where itis to he ised in
major cereminy. In some cases, the Garou might necd
to involve themselves fone sie is cheating the other or
if a greedy clan chief took the best goods for himself,
Jeaving only the poorest goods for orhers

In almost every nation the people held the concept
that land was for everyone's tse. In practice this meant
that landsted foragriculnure, fchingorhuntingwerenot

4 Croatan Song

—_—

TT,

s Ask


Hany

aaa eT a

et tft

fenced off or assigned to a specific penon. A nation
planted crops asa community effortand everyone shared
the bounty. Even when one hunter outshone another,
tnudition encouraged either pooling the meat and feeding
theencumpment off the combined effortsof the hunters,
‘or giving away whatever meat the hunter and his family
could not immediately use w those less fortunate. En-
campment: and towns within a nation moetly claimed
the land nearby asthe territory in which they sought and
sew food. Unless a great rivalry or had blood existed
between them, each town abided by the unspoken: pact
st 00 take what fed iis fellow wowir. Odice tutions
‘might incrade, however, and those who occupied the
land must either fight for cheie right to remain or make
agreements.and treaties with others to keep the interlop-
‘ets off the residents' hunting grounds and find suitable
places forthe newcomers. The Garoumight be especially
interested in these negotiationsashundredsmore mouths
to feed could certainly overtax the available resources in
snare and damage the Mother. Altematively, the Wolf
‘Changers might find themselves asthe newcomers toan
area and have to negotiane with another ean, nation or
tribe for permission to settle.

While such storylines lend themselves readily co
Philodox or Gulliard characters, there are roles to be
played by any auspice. Even a Ragabash might be a
talented diplomat, using he wor to pointe ouraheur-
died during the oejotacigns opt leading el involved
parties to view the th an eye to forming
bonds through lig ractions rather than
threats and ding "

hu

‘comes to the spirit =t¥md spirit ceach-
ings. The Native Amenicans lived a life in which the

spirits played an enormous role. Every aspect of their
lam enlabeored;chsaleed, proplslaed eal tvelead dhe

spirits. To the Indians all things were alive and intercon-
nected. While Theurges may find umes dealing with the
spirit world or centered on vision quests of most interest,
all Garou must lear to deal with spirits. Petitioning
spirits to teach them new Gifts could involve a lengthy
‘Umbral journey. greanerspinirmightaskthe characters'
aid in frecing a trapped spirit from unjust imprisonment
Cori spiric rorem might require some sort of test or questto
determine the characters! worth. The Wolf Changers
might have to deal with unhappy oF hostile spirits and
havetoapproach other Umbra ings for information on

how to handle the situation, Ayain, they might have to
negotiate witha spirit to take overan abandoned caertior
move their Kinfolk into a new region.

Vision quests provide wonderful ways to help mem
bers ofa newly formed (or established) pack feel closer
‘one another and focus their attention on a particular

task, Personal strivings, such as when theWol
seeks to catn a ricw rank oc become a leader it her pack
ot sept may alsy call for a vision quest. Certainly, such
undertakings present the Storyteller with a. unique
opportunity to disseminate information, foreshadow
events or drop. perment clugs that are difficult to
realistically give outin any othe manner. Because such

nger

spiritual seckings: partof their characters
culture, ev arrencds becorn

believablgfo theplayers For fhoxe whajusually play up
the com the spidftual side of the
Garou agers ples maypprovide a change

pne ofamione iyi rime

y the num:

monsters

able to remain much more autonome

Although bartkes with monsters are certiinly an
‘activity expecially suited to Ahroun characters, brinig-
ing down some fell beast or crazed witch often requires
specialized knowledge and teamwork. Trickery has its
place, as attested to by the number of stories involving
heroes who stole a giant's strength ot convinced a
monster they were such terrible foes that idared not try
twharm them. In many eases, heroes guess the monster's
sectet weakness or acquire the one item that can slay it
Sometimes, a clever hero gets a monster to defeat itself
by foolingitinto takingself-destructive actions, Defeat-
ing a harmful. pewsthly superns J ereanine hy
tingitorthrough acombinationo andbrawnean
be particularly fun and gratifying for players. Wyrm
‘creatures and destructive spirits provide great foes and
Native American myths and legends teem with ideas
that can be adapted to fit a Werewolf campaign.

Further, since these are monsters, the Storytellercan
simply creace her own nasty creatures and give them
whunever twisted and dangerous powers she likes. This
allows far more leeway to suprise and perhaps make the
players nervous conceming a foe they aren't familiar
withand don't automatically know how tofight. What,

Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals 95

APTS TE, rh YT,


tor example, do the characters do when chey encounter
an incredibly big, unbelievably strong monster bent on
destroying their Kinfolk and discover that it se
iimpervious to their teeth and claws — worse, any Gi
they can bring to bear agai no use either?
Suddenly, they must stop and think, consult with medi
cine folk for answers or appeal to friendly spirits for the
knowledgeand meanstoslaythiscreature Simply bying
Garou is not enough; now they have to use their bring
ancl pethups undertake a journey 10 bring doy gt
Tecan beareal eye-openerfinr
tht our combat sccnuriosiad provide
sate fun for the non-Ahrouns in théfagk

Finally are some monstergthe characténs may
not want to battle, In this erring, ial 406 easyito dy
tie wrong thing oract foolishly andfing yourself tuttied
intoa monster. How do the characters deal wiehithines
when a beloved brother or sister begirigghOWinig bis of
becominy.a monster? They might simply il the penn,
but what happensif they then learn thatkilfing the one
wha infected their loved one will return the Person to

it Yeern «

otherwise unbeatable fo

used

‘normal? What if some nare herb will cure the pertony, but
they must meanwhile protect the restof the community
from their loved one? When do they give up on the
enon? Further, not all monsters show what they areon

need to make a
can

kness on a subtle
time to save those

the surfitee. The chi
desperate search among

7

»kill, All these twistscan,
ore than merely

eeth,

she has kidnapped
make monster fighti
wading in with skuhing claws and

Creating a Specific-Use Fetish

While fetishes are sometimes taken for granted in
Werewolf (sad, but true), the Scorycellerhas every right
40 sule chat particularly powerful fecishes might require
that they,be constructed from scratch. This can help
‘bring home)te the players thar in this setting, if they
swamesomething, they must make i elves or bar
ain for it through trade or the pertormance ot services.
Maniytalesof niginsters and witches tell of special herbs
iisoded GF bearith from a specific tee or water fo
‘fermote Well that must he used to defeat the terrible foe.
Nodtheritem willido. Thus a pack mighthave to create
fa spceialifetish to bring down such an enemy

fifaerp are Alec ways to start 2 cory where the
Path mmbst craft a fetish to accomplish a particular
spose, wiser ior structing a knife made of beechnut
‘wooxtscoked for three moons in the waters of the Pool of
Luna's Daughter ora handful of seeds gathered from the
tower hurds of the Sings Desert. This prec
forthe Storyteller to incorporate anumberof them
settings asthe characters collect the ingredients necded.
Further work might be required if they must consult

fol tee smutke the fetish — expe
ally if t must be crented by che hand that will wield it
another aspect concems gaining the cooperation of a

sen biew


AN

—— sr

et ft

spirit tobe bound into the fetish, This could lead to still
more stories asthe charsctersattemp to locate things the
spirit wants or perform deeds ft requires in order to
consent to its binding. Finally, there is the visual of
creation itselfand the use of the completed fetish. Many
joumeys, great deeds and intricate stories might go to
make up the "staple matterofeacing a fetish,

far closer to: theic human eebitions ht
Garou. They taketheir job a§ guardians
seriously. Whilethey mi a
fividtoal, they wi certainly pireh-in
to battle against anything that threatened a number of
their Kin, Raids were commen among the Pure Lands
nations and covered everything from a lightning swift
sgrabforhorses (in atertimes) toaconcerted efforctosteal
as many women as possible from a rival encampment
‘Welt Changers would certainly take x dim vig

Kinfolk women thus removed from their ste

# working cle. Somme su
children who weee taken. In like manner, Som

took men to become slaves. These, toogithighe need
rescue. Beyond such considerations, the landit
pose a threat. Wikifires, floodsand cave-tns might all call —

fo intervention by the Garou, as would depredations by
enemy nations or rampaging monsters,

Then again, what are the characters to do with a
young Kinfolk who bitterlygésents their interventions
and places herself in cerfible danger to prove that

humans can fight dheir ttles without the need
for superhuman sukengeh lind claws? Do they
rescue her from hier own fol etheriperish against
afoe toostrong (deherragteat heartand will
rnight be? Sybtle variations ear Bven the most

straightforward rescte scettatio, y

i

Bane Binding. "yg
"The Ulktena ae specially, forthieir abilities in
binding Bates, bac try v upon we
perform thistask.Allthetbes ands held

‘tas a scared duty fo bind or déstroy,the Banes that
plagued Cia EC, ‘of binding
are certainly helpful and re... ‘of the under-
aking, but simply enacting such a fite israrely sufficient
to truly bind a dangerous Bane. These are foes that are
too difficult to defeat in the normal manner, afterall
They ate being bound a6 a compromise maneuver to
remove theirinfluence from an area rather than sacrific-
ing far too many to attempt to kill of forever banish the
foul creatures. Often the heroes must coax or lure Banes

to specific spots where they may be entombed, then
attack or distract thetn in some other manner while
thei packmates or allies perform the appropriate rite
All che materials used muse be perfect ir form and
rimmally purified; chants and appeals to Gaia must be

perfectly spoken or sung. There's oom to involved
acters in any and all parts of this procens

‘Some particularly powerful Banes might require the
efforts of a whole sept to bind or bring to the place of
binding. Convincing others of the need and bringing
the forces together to dothe rite muy take some effort as
well. Finally, what do the characters do once the Bane
isbound? Are they responsible for overseeing its prison?
Will they have to search fora Bane keeper to come and
warch aver their captive? And what happens if na
sufficiently powerful guardian can be found and the
Bane breaks free? Worse still, what if one of the charac
tersor one of their loved ones was secretly corrupted by
the Bone and now moves to free his imprisoned master?

Opening New Pathways
The Pure Lands offer a lor ofreritory,

ich of it

nt actually hayssaives oF llimexpiored. When Garouififst chteriencw area, per

ing wath their Kinfélle-co e-tiblish new

jthey museippea! to tespiritof the

ire Opening a new cacrty. Dhiwmightreqtire

"further travel to acquire special materials tor Gata's
new sacred place. Some stories might revolve around
exploring new territories or opening new trade routes
through unknown territories fraught with dangers too
powerful for their human Kin to battle,

Yet another aspect of opening new paths might be in
Jeaming something new, be ita Gift, a rite or some new
idea orway ofdoing things that might henefithath C:
and Kinfolk, The exchange of ideas tock phice as often as
people mer to trade gords or set up peace negotiations.

Finally, those who open new caems need to be
able to open new moon bridges to aad from that site
"This requires the characvers co scout out the path this
will take or perhaps ro rescue scours who have failed to
report in. They might als need ro travel into the
‘Umbra to fetch a moon stone to serve as the starting
point for the moon bridge

Perhaps one of the most telling stories featuring
‘opening new pathways might be attempts by the char-
acters to understand or even accept new ways of life.
This might be part af a tale concerning the coming of
the Wyrmbringersor entail a sorrowful taleof guarding
Kinfolkas they fll victim to the Indian Removal Act.

Cricksterism

No one would suggest thar stories featuring tricks
and foolery don't lend themselves most readily ro

Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals 7

ae


aA

Ragabash characters. Nonetheless, any Garou is ca

of stolen property or Kinfolle
idea involves the charactersinatitsf

ition knaghing at
their gullibility or lack of wits. Alternatively, icmight be
that the characters must unravel a puzale or defeat an
attempt to make them look foolish, perhaps in order to
establish themselves as worthy or to win a place for their
Kinfolk among more numerous peoples.

Love Stories

Europeans by no means hold the monopoly on love
stories, whether they be great romances that change the
world ov tragic love figs ll door for all con:
cemed. In many B people were re-
quired to marry od fon Ths inne
that bride and

Such unions ex
alio lead to di
defied cxigtom and
shunninggxexile. The

cof the same cling
Changers, ie would

dangerous, What coukd
cular Kinfolic and found he

Later complica
who discover love for of
reconcile their love with what their lover's people inflict
‘upon their ation! What ian Uktenaot Croatan Kinfolk
fillsin love witha Gecof Fenris whose pack isdetermineal
toousttheeurrentresidentsofacaem andsupplant them?

Some stories might concem love that inspired the
characters to greatness. Others might fuel hatred or
jealousy whose dark flames created a desperate, ob-
sessed lover willing to destroy whatever lay between

him and his desited partner. In some scleties, homo-
sexuality was simply an aecepred choice, in others it
was condemned and those who practiced it ostracized
or made into objectsofscom. How might a Gurou deal
with thisifshe other lover were treated in this fash:
Odd though it might sound, love need not always
involve emotional orphysical lave for another person.
Sometimes itconcems love for one's nation or sept oF
love for a particular place. Twisted love might involve
an absorption with oneself (perhups as the result of 2
course) or the love of wealth or inflicting puin. Whatever
itsform, could love actually lead a Garou to the path of
the Homed Serpent in order to achieve his desires?
Intertwined with more regular fare, such stories can
create epics not son forgotten by thove involved.

own eaay rpishoae theca and reat tliat ins
sheypet oe =
supportes ON lk, it wan't éften thar simple.
Kinfolk night migraneand new peoplomoveihto the area
bebiindthem. Ga yedattheircaem mightthen
breed with the: then when

thenewoomers<quameledwiththe Wolf Changers' former
Kinfolk? Some might even still be allied with or married
‘to members of the orher clan ornation. Who would they
support! Could such difficulties create a state of war with
some members of a sept on one side and some on the
other? Ragabash might have a field day in such a setting,
while Galliards would be hard pressed ro ereare enough
scathing or inspiring songs. Abroun or Philexlox might
find their servicesin great demand dependingon how the
story played out, while Theurges could cum che tide with
their magic of even throw up cheit hands in disgust and
‘num theirattention tothe Wolf Changers' eal problems.

Stories might ielude tracking down and neutral-
ising « Wyem- creature whore machinations brought
about the dispute or whose poison lay behind thestrife.
Then again, characters might find themselves at-
tempting Co negotiate a peace treaty between the
\watting groups —and their warring Gareu partners. If
the difficulty were caused by the theft of some impor-
tant object or person, the characters might be asked to
recover the object or rescue the person. Failing ather
solutions, they might have to act as voices of compto-
mise to reconcile the warring fn

98 Croatan Song

ZA is ii a


~

»

red tft
Monstrous Foes

Wecame outof the dawn, naming forward. Drawing
‘is great bow, Waya Five Feathers sent the red arrow
winging into the creature's heart. Its screams burst our ears
ancl weal fell wo the grond. When we could stand agai,
wwe saw that a great pit had openeet in the ground where
Uniaduti, the Great Deceiver had stood. We found nothing
else of hi but his teth, which lay scattered om the rau
carne the hole
—Mohe of the Blue Clan ellingthe Tale of Wava
Many nations tell ales ofspecfic monsteryfegendary
beingsand harmfulorhelpfulspirts. We de
those here, but Native American loreabo
Thece can easily be adopted gs fit a We
Monster archetypes
ries —several types of gi
hairy men, bodiless hes

fhral animals. A
great number of mond

ike normal folk

spins beings may di
feeling of hatred fo

spiritsassoctated wi
right beevil orrest4
beings might pose
protect both their

Some of these
Kinvoll, especially th
ot t90 powerful. THOM
ondinary warrors, Kit
outwit them or call orf
help defeat them. In general,
shouldbe terrible enough tre
more Garou. Thisis especially
In groupsor whose powerscan afc

Sull,norall monsters arenece
be destroyed. Sorme creatures that
may in fac be benign in intent. These
asmoretypesof beings that characters can me
Instances, the "yood" monster may become the object of
aquest, as they often. have insights into. problems or
‘nowledge of ways to defeat mone dangerous foes.

Giants

These monsters include everything from extremely
talland strong members of another nation to beings the
size ofa tll oak tree ot a bill. Rarely, they might be 30

lange anid so) covered with natural vegetation (trees
growing from their bushy huir, etc.) that they are mis:
taken for mountains until they move. Giants are usually
broad-featured, well muscled, and ugly. Many have
peculiar amelis such as rotting meat or swamp gas. Most
are also malformed in some mariner such as havinge an
extremely long nose, only one eye or a humped back
‘Giunts often have a keen sense of smell, bur poor
eyesight. All devour the flesh of humans — ot Garou.
Many giants possess "magical" items such asa bow
that fever misses or a shirt thar makes them invulner-
able to physical damage. Those who oppose them mi
find Ways to acquiréthese items, thus stripping giants of
cone gftheir main stféngths. l'sonly fir foroften giants
enggrthe heroes' li¥és through stealing something im-
poftane to them (sich as wives, childeen, fetishes or a
treasured ‘eee harming theie Kinfolk in some
way (destroying thelr crops and villages, raiding their
Liestock, or carrying all the mariageahle maidens)
: foray of get strength and prodigious appe-
nd sex, giants give the characters
than life to buttle while still
wits and clever plannity rather
challenges to defeat them. These
ave vital organs hidden in odd areas
stabbing one through the chest rohit
be ineffective — especially if it is
a8 the left heel! Gigntsare notorious for

Ontests thar heroesain through trickery.
fiuake grea opp
fren' s

might find cause to annoy or

Fei rites. Buc aside fromeven these,
ip

, more malevolent shapechangers,

io ate no Gaia's children but a mockery

Folk created by evil sorcery or through

Corruption. Though most of the great Banes
in bound, same corrupted animals with the

Tabiliey ‘to assume human shape remain loose.
Shapeshifters generally assume a human form to
interact with humans, seeking to lull chern into beliew-
ing the shapeshifter is a normal person who means no
harm, In this form, they may saborage encampments,
steal irems or even harm those helpless to stop them
(ouch ac the very old or children too young to aek for
help). In some cases, they seck to lead people away to a
place where they can capture and torture them without
interference. Such torture isusually undertaken more to
lean about how humains furs Gon thar forsick pleasure,

Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals 99

LLL LL LE LT LT EOE EIT


shifters may inflrrare camps disguised as dogs or some
other domesticared animal such as sheep. From within
the herd, they observe the humary, then dip into human
form to steal treasured items or childeen.

Shing thematres: loa 'anc tr les vores
they've taken caprive or murdered, Because they are s0
dliffcult ro earch when able to make multiple shifs, they

‘cause great havoc or even panic in an encampment.

Shapeshifters are abnormally strong, and can eas-
ily overpower a single also possessed
of wonacueal yiuality, expremed us exitt health levels
and the ability to soak damage caused by werebeasts!
cclaws and teeth. Though they have fully human intel-
ligence, their ourlook remains animalistic—andeven
those who are normally herbivores in their animal
formscan be predatory andenjoyatasteof human flesh
cor blood. Some can enter the spirit world, and others
can't; afew might even possess a Wyrinish Gift on owo.

Little Folk

‘The little folk may be equated with the Nunnehi
(ot Native American fae). Despite the name, some

100

Croatan Song

iT

types of litee folk may be even bigger than the Garou
in Ceinos form. While they are rarely evil per se they
muy be mischievous, pulling pranksor making off with
characters' possessions, then demanding something
they can't acquire for themselves in exchange for
returning said property. Conversely, they may try to
keep Garou ont of areas they consider their own or
demand reparations for some unseen faerie treasure
trampled by a careless native or werewolf. While their
attentions can be annoying, distracting or frustrating,
treating them well andrespecrfully and keepingstrictly
to any bargains struck with the little folk may benefit
characters in the long run. Those whom the litle folk
favor can find unexpected aid at need orbe gifted with
‘# puticulasly beautiful or useful icem, Treating thera
badly brings down the wrath of all faerie kind on the
Garou who failed ro show respect or who harmed a
Tietle person — whether intentionally or not

‘While many Garou may feel that mere faeries cannot
‘esentially harm them, they might consider that these
beings are not mere changelings, bue powers with the
might to make one's dreams — ar nightmares — come

true. A year of droughror the mysterious disappearance of
aherd of antelope froma tribe or nation's hunting ground
I. Those with wisdom walk quietly

cs tevat them

can bring disaster'
inthe little people's presence and never fi


et ft

in Native American lore, fourthemes dominate
stories of monster fighting. Rather than steaightfor
ward battle or overpowering a monster with sheer
‘might, many of te most famousnative het

more suble ways to ded

foes. Since not all characters will be

Some monsters s
actions. If heroes sh:

sters may be satis
strength or power
rman rather than

charactersofferth

others. Such monst
ouch ae bringing it
tain or making a
4 pift of three fine aig
* Trickery. De
Although some ti
honorable for charactersto}
‘accomplish their goals, the:
of the clever hero or tricks
lore. Those who ean out
accorded more respect than
fears of arms overpower foe. THGh
substituting something for an item
convincing the foe that the character hie
something powerful or that he is giving such co the
enemy or making the foe think the character is
commons more powerful than ha.acrually ie Doce:

~~

with respect-In general, those seeking to incorporate litle
people into their campaigns may siraply present them as
powerful and fickle folk who have a greae sense of their
own dignity, but litte respect for anyone else's. Those
wanting more specific informacion may consult the
Changeling Players Guide foritssection onthe Nunnehi

Hairy Men

‘These hirsute beings form a race unto themselves,
though each exists as an individual entity tather than,

NY

| Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals

| LA TE SE

‘Themes for Overcoming Monsters

tion might invalve anything from using ventrile-

quismn and invisibility to mislead the foe ay to che

ccharagter's whereabours, leaving heavy rock in,

sack ip place of a kidnapped friend of fooling the

into believing the character has performed

ossible mad (such as drinking a river dry).

ry may invole snatching a magic item be-

Gd tuming it against her, stealing

at she prizes so-miich she will

to leave if iis returned or even making off

with information the enemy has that she doesn't
WBE the hero to pilldes.

[+ Promising Something in Return

Almose as respected as tricksters are those who

feife act in good faith (especially

spirits), some may combine this

ry, giving. far less than it seemest

Gmising while keeping to the exact
rds spoken. Ir should be not

many monsters aifibspirits deo exactly
Id be clearly and

wets are made. If

ir foes want mest,

ike demands.

peat
in the upper hand in deal-
eroes have defeated monsters

call for the character todrinkoreat

ant. Such challenges are usally met

Mickery of some sort (such as hiding an

peY bison bladder under one's shirt and pouring
‘excessliquidin itratherthan consurningit). Whether
a feigned or true ability, a good showing on tests wch

‘as these can make even giants fear such mighty foes
and seck ways to avoid conflict.

2 part ofa tribe. Every hatry man (ot hairy worn)
tuniqueandeach has hisown goals. Some haunt swamp
lands, otherscwell in high mountain passes, butall seek
out lonely, lirle-traveled byways in which to mike
their homes. Some hairy men waylay travelers, chal
Jenging them ro games of chance or riddles — often
with someneeded piece of information oraspectal item
needed to defeat a foe as the prize to be won.

While they may occasionally allowothers including
(Garow, to cross their domains or even hunt within them,

101


come el LAD

they prefer tobe left alone unles they themselves initiate
wat. Some hairy men kidnap abused children or
adopt those unwanted and sickly children left out to die.
Stones abound of kindly hairy men who took in an
undersized infant and eared for it only to have the child
row to amucing sie and strength and rise to leadership
within his tribe or nation, Girls raised in such homes
‘become beautiful and multi-talented, usually performing
some great and noble fear thar saves the nation that
callously abandoned them. Such children always peove
snitefultotheirfosterparentandusually swear vengeance
‘against any who offer their rescuer harm,

Bodiless Heads

"These strange creatures are manifestations of cunesor
Punishments inflicted upon those who willfully fail co
ve the properritesorwhoare greedy or mean-spiited,
‘Sometimes murdeters may also find themselves changing
intonothingmore than alage head, which mustroll about
ifit wishes to move. Such heads are frequently the size of
anentite body and often show signs of decay, with clumps
cof hnirand portions of scalp peeling off or great sores anu
livid putrefyingskin. Allsuch creanureshave huge mouths
{ill with enormous shep teeth and glaring, evil eyes that
can see i the dark well as in day!

While the cure causes srcat pain to those so af:
flicted, it also endangers others since bodiless heads
sustain themselves by preying upon both animals and

humans. They tend to haunt the sites oftheir transgres-
sions, be it on the battlefield, in the woods or within a
village and seek vengeance for their condition, The
sightofa bodiless head causes hose who view ittocither
run mindlessly in terror or stund transfixed with horror:
"Thus the head, which moves at an astonishing rate,

either overtakes a fleeing victim or runs right-over its
prey. It uses its razor-sharp teeth to inflict terrible
‘wounds or sometimes swallows a smaller victim whole.
"Thowe swallowed whole ure digested in fiery acid within
the head. Even climbing hills or a tree cannot stop the
saxivance ot a bodiless head; such a monster need not oll
‘onaflat surface, barcan mave vertically up stecp slopes.
‘Some may even float on water.

Garou whospendapointof Willpawermay throw off
the effects of the panic caused by the head, though its
attacksare considered aggravated damage. Bodiless heads
rake no damage from fire, normal blows or weapons. Only
those weapons imbued with power orth clawsand teeth
‘of Garou and like supernaturals can damage them. Be-
‘cause they are sistained without the need for bodies,
however, bodiless heads take only one quarter the dam-
‘age inflicted by such weapons (with 4 minimum uf ene
health level on a successful damage rol)

Unnatural Animals

‘Unnatural animals differ from shapeshifters in that
they do not change to human of any other form than


~

a

WA th

their own. They do evince odd and frightening changes
within their bodies. Some unnatural animals change as
a result of nearby Bane influences; others spring from
evil sorcery performed by witches. who sometimes use
‘unnatural animals as their servants: Such servants are
oftenemployedas guardiansof the witeh'spossessionsor
home or to keep prisoners in line.

Whatever their origin, unnatural animals becray an
almost human intelligence and sly cunning. All are
strange anomalies sch as deer with long, sharp fangs or
rabbits with the claws of mountain lions, More fantastic
‘unnatural beasts might be maddened wolves as large as
clk whose howls can freeze someone in his tracks,

Such creatures can mask themselves from view by
joining a herd or group of noreal aninuls of their own
type. Thus, an unnanural bison might lose himself within
aherdof normal bison and not be spotted unlesssomeane
fnew he was there and came close enough to notice the
changes in his body. Though normal animals feel an
unnatural animal's wrongness, they fear wo invoke its
predarory instincts by moving away from it too quickly.

‘Usually singular in nature, some unnatural animals
have been known to mate with normal animals of their
kind (usually forced coupling) and proxtuce offspring that
breed tric othe unnarural state. Eventually thiscan lead
tonn entire herd ofthe creatures that moves from place to
place, completely ravaging an area before moving on.

Making a Better Monster

Conflict without some sore of foe may be chal-
lenging (terrain difficulties to be overcome, mental
blocks to achieving a goal or even sett
among pack memes), but for an g

test themselves. Tho
debilitating foes the
no dearth of monstel

ce, they have
who want to

powers! The more
monster, the great

Reason for

Monetero
exist for a reason.
discontented with
and threatens the Garou's
bal, havingexhausted the
traveled to a new home ai
nearby native encamp

it happened to become sour,
have called out to a weak individ

him ro bring the giel to its confines an
‘Whatever the placement of the monster, make cer-

(cal itcm of sou

tain there is a good story behind its existence in a
Qular area. Remember also that many monsters

53 fully human intelligence and may seek to

to them or want safety from

she than ehemealves.

e claws capable of
Jamage to Garou! Perhaps he
aves «false scent. Detail any
Work some of them into what

ing aygravat
invisibly

al alte ort. What are the monster' best
7 Fant to damage of any sort? Perhaps
wires the gathering of and prepara-

the greater the
monster's reason
;powers: cannibals
bite attack, for
lure bent on impreg-

‘over him! Is he susceptible to a specific

Paice or item? Figure out what it takes for the
‘characters todeal with the monster and whether this
will kill him or merely drive hinn away.

Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals 103

LL TS ST,


|

1

ee AA

Wendigo and
Other Cannibals

The Wendigo tribe honors Wendigo as a totem,
claiming that he eats only the hearts of enemies, yet
other tribes wonder if his hunger for flesh goes beyond
this. None dure say this directly to the children of dhe
Wendigo, however.

Suill, chere are other, less conflicted cannibal
creatures in the Pure Lands, and these beasts can cause
serious trouble for a pack. Cannibalism is a dangerous
taboo to break, and the stories of monstrous cannibals
re nearly as numerous as stories of trickster spicits.
leceptively normal appear-
during the day. Others appear as
fanged, clawed humans with fetal gleam in their eyes
and the smell of blood on their breath. Some have
shark-toothed mouths in. tht they
must hide fromenll, but Those»who

‘appear
usual
Hah ethsaee
tought suspect then
that cannibals have
within them sn

existence of caanubals be

kareaipits atiaafithe Wynn's entry into thePure
Lands. Some clainrthateyl spirits of unnaturalfhunger
potsess those who fallen) sgninst
them, making them into wether these
spiritsare actually Banes isahotly debated issue. Some
cannibals are wholly supernatural creatures who must
feed on human or Garou flesh to maintain theic pow-
ets. Others aré made when cannibals fool them into
eating the flesh of their own kind three times, Such
people develop an all-consuming hunger for chat fleshy
and no other.

All cannibals feed upon humans, bur the most
frightening onesare those who wereonce Wolf Chang-
ets. These horrors haunt the wastes and forests or

darkest part
masked by ¢

While mun)

they prowl en-
campments of Kinfolk looking for new Changers.
‘When denied Wolf Changer flesh, they content them-
selves with Kinfolk.

Although some nations partake in the eating of
enemies' hearts to gnin their power and bravery, most
greatly fear any other evidence of cannibalism, fleeing:
even the hincof such a being in their midst. To fall prey
tc. awild animal is one thing; to be consumed by one's
own kind isa terror heyond reason. A telling factor in
such fear is the knowledge that the cannibal rarely

simply kills and eats his victims, Instead it holds them
captive and slowly strips flesh or boxy pars from them
every day, sending such unforrunates into gibbering
madness long before their physical bodies can no
longer sustain such pain.

Witches

Many people have power, Shamans use these
powers to help and protect their nations, but not all
such gifted people evince such altruism. Those who
use theik powers for evil ends or their own gitin are
known as witches whether they are male or female.
They may terrorize their neighbors, demand payment
for theie services (or torefmin from using thelr powers
to call down ill) in goods, animals or people, and may
even use magic two ensnare others to become their
mates — willingly or unwillingly.

Witches usually cause difficulties by blighting
crops hexing hunts to be futile, cursing someone with
sickness or barrenness, spoiling food, drying up water
sources and putting the evil eyeon children and adults
alike. They can make a person so jl. that he cannor
recover without hayingoth@ witch lift the curse or
withoupokillifig the curse-giver, They can make a

clumsy of summon red ants to torment those
who offend them. To refrain from doing any of these
evil deeds, witches extort (ood, fine items, even ser-
vices from those around them, making unreasonable
and whimsical demands and threatening dire conse-
quences if their demands ate

When Wolf Changers become witches; they fall
co the Wyrm, using their physical prowess and the
threar of annihilating whole villages to keep others
an their thrall,

Sour Ground

‘Certain areas, so it is believed, are created bad.
‘They exude fear, which covers them like a mia
Things planted there grow twisted and blighted. Ani
mals feeding from such plants sicken and die or run
‘mad. A smell as of old blood o rotting mest seems to
seep from the soil itself, poisoning theair. Animalsand
people both feel nervous and uncomfortable on sour
ground. The day seems darker, the terrain more omi-
nous. At night the feeling of unteasoning terror can
overwhelm those who step within its bounds, Eerie
sounds echo within such dread places; it seems as if
hostile eyes watch from concealment. A nebulous
menace stalks sour ground, always present yet await
ing some unknown signal to move from dislike of
intruders to actual manifestations of malice

Croatan Song


~~

DNS

eam el ASL

Branches may whip out, striking intetlopers or
roots tungle their feet. The ground itself may sud-
denty collapse into a morass, sucking the unlucky
pedestrian down into it, Dimly perceived shadow.
shapesdmvs ghostly, freezing claws through the hearts
of travelers, sometimes causing them to fall uneon-
scious, sometimes leaving them with broken health
or shattered minds. These who step onto sour ground
may find that their usual inhibitions disappear and
the worst aspects of their characters come to the fore.
Jealousy, anger, resentment, hatred, envy all receive
free rein and many assaults, rapes and murders result
from giving vent co such emotions. Naturally, these
strengthen the maine of the place, making it even
harder to resist its pull in the future. Some people (or
Garou) — those with weaker mings — may find
themselves drawn again and again four ground,
where they bring victims to be toruredand abused,
then killed and hastily buried.

Sour ground may be found where mtihlers have
occurred, on particularly yigious battlefighls, among!
deserted burial grounds OF white seer toy
under the soil. It feseutep entiagural and!
terrain such as grotesquely
tminmic bogs or mysterious, su

Combating sour ground
prepared rites, cleansings and sactifices
spirits to help scour thesétint from
may not be enough, asthe terrain tendatg feyert to its
prior state even aftér such measures. Garou forced to
remain within the bounds of sour ground lose Gnosis
from their ongoing battle to remain sine in the face of
such obvious Wyrm-taint.

Spirit Contact

Just as monsters provide foes for the characters to
vanquish, spirits give them a reason to embark on
quests, discaver new rites or act as spokespeople to
negotiate a spirit's good wil for their tribe or nation

To the Pure Lands Garov and the native

all rhings possess a spirit, from a blade of ras to a
mountain. One cannot interact with a thing without

algo inveracting with that thing's spirit. Dealing with
jritseannocbe lightly undertaken. Irrequiresprepa-
. for to approach a spirit incorrectly
or fail to thank it for its help could lead to potential
disaster. Thus if a Garou wanted to hunt an elk and
slay it, she would need to prepare for the hunt by
undergoing a ritual making clear her intentions and
asking for Etk's help, When the kill was made, she
‘would ask the elk's spirit for forgiveness, explaining
that she or her family needed the food and thanking
the clk for providing meat to feed them, Finally, the

is wall prove etic

hunt would be made into a story and shared with
others s0 thar the elk would know the hunter appre

ciated his sacrifice. In like manner, other spirits must
be carefully sounded out and appeased if they are
asked to aid the Garou in some fashion.

Evil Spirits
There exist evil oF unapproachable spints who
might seck to harm the characters or those they cher-
ish. These become straightforward foes (inasmuch as
dealing with opie eon eft be steighcforward). Yet
another sort of spirit simply wants to be left alone or
stubbornly settles itself somewhere inconvenient and
refusesto budge. In the first case, if the spirit cannot be
placated, it must be fought. The second type calls for
rmore ingenuity. Often the clever can outwit such
spirit; lasing them nto contests are demanding thas
they remove themselves from the area asthe price for
losing. Ip ochercasespWolf Changers may be able to
the xl our something it greatly
spirit to go away in
sire: Sows bpcits
scters find them
advice of informa-
y 00 get
cr usefulness, enter-
avecbing i wi
ing its help. Purely mali

Sekar. other hand, may prove foes worthy
of 1 sony ina Rreaiehero's honor,

Sample Monsters
Three-Faces

One of the more grotesque examples of the "roll
ing head" monsters, Three-Faces was once a proud
warrior and hunter who lived away from the rest of his
nation with his wife and mother. He was overly boast-
ful of his obilities, which offended the spirits of his
hunting ground. Angered at the young buck's lack of

respect, they hid the animals from him when he
tainted After shane clays of remntog,

praniy want to be lo
selves haying to appr

tion or need
where they

sinning i OC

on wich
results, the young hunter flew into a fit of rage an
madness so terrible that he murdered his wife and
mother, then ate oftheir flesh. Ie was afull week before
his neighbors became so worried that they came to
check on him — bur by thie time it was too late

Three-Faces is ns large as a buffalo, with mouths
wide enough to swallow a person whole. The three
faces on this awful creature are those of the hunter
himself, hisyoungwife and hisaged mother, butall the

-sare swollen and tortured in aspect. Its hate flies in
all directions it rolls around in search of prey.

Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals 105

———————— es


local colortoa chronicle; it would be ver
this beast come from the nation

wut the hunting of Three-Faces would make
fine single-session story, particularly as an introduc-

tion for new players.

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Staraina 6

Abilities: Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Tracking 5

Willpower

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, if

tated

Attacks: Strength +3 Bite (Three-Faces can make up

cothtec biteattacks per tur Jingo how many

snouthsitcan get next toa victimor victims), Strength

+1. Caush

Powers: Unnatural Fear (as Delirium, only affecting

Garou as well; Garou may roll Wallpower, difficulty 7,

«0 resist)

Bane-Wind

This elusive

 Incapact

J terrifying monster can manifest
ina number of different placesatonce. Hiding itstrue
form within a nebulous, invisible dtife of air, the
Bane-Wind carries sickness and corruption into the

jo

heartofan encampment oraffectsasingle individual,
making chat person a plague carrier immune to the
disease he transmits to everyone he meets. Although
these terrible spitit-creatures do eventually fall under
auspice of the Wyrmn itself, they are not truly its
dren —they are creaturesof pure sickness, tainted
only with malevolence.

Anyone infected by the Bane-Wind suffers a de-
bilivating illness, which may manifest as virulent fe-
vers, relentless coughs, internal bleeding or other
incurable maladies. The victim hecomes lethargic as
she wastes away, gradually becoming weaker anid more
despairing until death ensues. Even Garou are not
immune to Bane-disease. Each day that a person
ificcca, bee nuit voll Seaniva (Uificulry 6) or sip
into the next stage of the disease. As the disease itself
affects person's Stamina Attribute, this can result in
a sickness that ravages and kills its victims in a matter
of hours.

Fighting a Bane-caused illness is far more diffi-
cult than combating normal sickness, Each Bane-
Wind's disease is unique and must be fought in a
different way. Some partially respond to traditional
remedies while others stubbornly resist all attempts
to cure them with herbs and such. Since the Bane
‘Wind afflicts the spirit along with the body. toeffece

Croatan Sang

eS a a


x

ee A

«cure, the healer must invoke a friendly spirit guide
who can lead her in a vision quest to discover what
specific elements are needed to quell the disease
Such things might be rare herbs, oddly shaped stones
wrested from t hidden cave or reeds cut from adistant
river. Conversely, the cure may require items that
can only be found within the Umbra,

Battling the Bane-Wind teself ts a tricky proposi-
tion, asitendangerswould-he heroes with the possbil-
ity of contracting a particularly virulene forma of that
Bane-Wind's disease, After discovering that a Bane=
Wind is at work, the Garou must locate ivand battle it
in the Umbra. There its nel iy form becomes
solid, Each blow or artack from a Gift landed upon the
Bane-Wind may damage ity but elicits a flexing ofits
powers in return. Each strike releases « noxious mist
that surrounds the one who harmed it und spreads out
for about fifteen feec in all directions. All those caughe
within the mist must roll Stamina (difficulty 9) and
achieve at least (wo successes t0 avoid becoming
infected by the Bane-Wind's disease, Each time the
Garou iscaught in the must without successfully resist-
ang the effects, the infection worsens.

The true horror of the Bane-Wind, aside from its
ability to wipe out entire villages is its transforma
tional power upon those who succumb to it: All who
die from the Bane-Wind's disease must be accorded
proper burial rites immediately o¢ they will rise from
their deathbed as new Bane-Winds and carry the
disease on to new victims, Thus those who attempt to
fight the Bane-Wind may condemn themselves tu'an,
existence after death as the very corruptive disease
spirit they tried to destroy.

With the coming of the Wyrmbringets, Bane-
Winds become widespread, striking entire nations
h diseases heretofore unknown to them such as
smnallpox, measles, yellow fever, influenza and bu-
bonic plague
Rage 8, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6, Essence: 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Incite Frenzy, Infect (inflicts
the disease on a target with the following effects),
Miaertatize
Progression of the Illness.

Stage Ones -2 to Stamina, -I to Strength and Dexter-
ity; 2 levels aggravated damage

Stage Twor -2 to Strength, Dexterity and Stamina 4
levels of aggravated damage

Stage Three: -3 to Strength, Dexterity and Stamina;
Garou cannot change forms, 5 levels of aggravated
damage

Staye Four: Strength, Dexterity and Soumina reduced

to 1; Garou is incapacitated
Death and transformation into a B

Witch-serpents

Although Uktena and many of his river-seqpent
brood are benevolent creatures, there are a few water:
monsters in the Pure Lands who are wickedly selfish.
These creatures are in fact relatives of Uktena inslf,
cousins who refused to fallow the Pactand be obedient to
(Garou whn asked their help, They resenr the fac thar
‘Gaia gave humans sentience, and they often take it upon
themselvesto rid the earth ofthe annoyinglittle monkeys
(when the Grandmother isn't looking, of course).

What makes these creatures exceptionally danger-
cusistheirresemblance to Uktena itself — itsnotan easy
thing for even Ukrena Theurges to tell the difference
between an avatar oftheir totem and one ofthe maleyo-
lent witch-serpents. Their scales shine with the same
iridescent greens and blues; their antlers are equally
brigheand sharp; their golden eyes and rushing voices are
just as compelling. The only good way to tell a Witch
serpent from one of Uktena's brood is thar a Witch-
serpentdare not call itself Ukeena, orclaim to speak inthe
totem'sname. Instead, it will avoid the subject, and ifany
werewolf it meets presumes that i's a representative of
‘Uktena, it won't go out of its way to correct the error.

Witch-serpents are clever adversaries, and should
be portrayed as such. Although they're strong fighters,
they prefer to weaken their prey through trickery und
guile before making a kil
Antributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wis 3
Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidarion
2, Subterfuge 3, Stealth 2, Herbulism 3, Qeeule 4
Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1,
5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Antler Rake (Strength +1), Bite (Strength
+2), Constrict (Strength +3), Tail Sting (Strength —1
aggravated, victims halve their soak pools)

2, i

Chapter Three: The Hero's Ordeals 107

——————— ins 4



—

on

Characters created for a Pure Lands ch
vules
: The Apocalypse: they have the
tn Ateributes
three Gif

wpted (with the

for Pure Lands characters.

Breeds

The guidelines given for breeds in Werewolf: The
Apocalypse generally apply to Pure Lands Garou, with
ious Garou. for instance,

a few minor alterations.

—

and so on. This chapter chronicle takes place in

iver in the
with rules specific to Pure Lands chronicles. Other chasing He

supplements, such as che Werewolf Players Guide,
Uktena Tribebook and Wendigo Tribebook provi

Who will describe the triumph streaming

pele the symphonies

wind carried to her fine nose?

Her walk, graceful but never felme

shoulders moxing as she strode

thmgh urudergrowth, dew from the fers

wet her tits, her shunt clear harks'
Diane diPrima, Loba

character creation

Abilities, chery, Box

n rulebook freebie points; they

or Traditior

In genera
cements that can be Pure Lis

sof the

the raboo against
one of the

some other spirit being be

Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times

—— are,

ater percentage of the three nativ
lf in areas with heavy wolf popul
fe restricted from purchasing the Skill
or Etiquette (or Ride or Fiseatms,ifth
he appropriate era) save with
rly restricted from pur
Herbalism, Linguistics, Nation Lore
Lallocment of Abilities

of

jarou in the
The children of the Th

ller's permission, of course) Brothens take the laws of the Litany

si when
a tunel
they receive some sign from the Grandmother or from
they make a decision as
not wallow the childto live. ithe spirits

109


|

ee A

seem w favor the metis child, his sept generally accepts
the decision of the greater powers and allows the metis
to grow, Occasionally, metis Garou achieve positions
of great power, but they must work much harder and
overcome the stigma of their birth in ordet to do so.

Tribes

Naturally, the three tribes central toa Pure Lands
sgaime ate che first (and usually best) option for charac:
tercreation, Forthe Uktena and Wendigo, most of the
rules given in Werewolf: The Apocalypse should
suffice equally well for a historical setting — a few
modifications are suggested, but the main rules should
ceaily provide the bulk of necessary material.

Nowe thar none of the native tnbes have any Back-
ground restrictions; after all, they'te in their territory,
and more of less have the run of the place. However,
depending on the actual chronicle, the Storytefler may
choose to restrict certain Backgrounds. For instance,
‘nobody has any real Resources worth mentioning dur-
ing the Great Migration; similarly, ia chronicle cen-
tering on intention with the burgeoning European
sitle: cowns, it might be mappropn Native
American characters to have Contacts if they're going
0 spend most of cheie time in the whites' carps,

Croatan

The children of Middle Brother have long been
renowned for their devotion to honor; their steadfast,
almost earthen resilience is the heart of theie pride
They are as elementally bound to earth as the Ukrena
eto water and the Wendigoare to ice. Theyareslow

wow thelr Ahroun, but they are equally slow to
sd.

forgive once they've heen truly un
‘Tribal Totem: Turtle
Initial Willpower: 5
Beginning Gifts: Cookfire, Turtle Body, Wyld Sight
‘Tribal Weakness: Obstinate, Once a Croaran has
made up his mind, there's nothing that can be done ro
make him change it. Although this does have its ben-

efits (such as the tribe's penchant for hich Willpower)
it also makes the Croatan somewhat blind to things he

should otherwise see. When confronted with undeni-
able evidence that things are not as he'd assumed, a
CCroatan suffers a one-die penalty to all his dice pools
until he is able to regain his composure, To vampletely
regain his composure, the Croatan must sper total of
five Willpower points specifically toward this purpose,
although he need net spend them all at once;

[Remember that Tribal Weaknesses are optional
—the Storyteller can enforce, modify, or ignore them
asshe sees fit}

Ho

——,

Croatan Song

Uktena

The children of the wite water sepent sill bear a
burden heavier than that of thei cousins, but until the
coming ofthe Europeans, this burden remains manage-
able. Although their cousins treat the Uktena with
somne deference due to their mystic secrecy, the Ukrena
remain the experts on sorcery and the binding of Banes.

Tnitial Willpower: 4

Beginning Gifts: Pull Water, Sense Magic, Shroud
Wenrdigo

After the Great Migration, the childcen of
Sasquatch share the bitterangeroftheienewly-changed
totem, becoming the cubs of winter itself Even 0,
they sull find time to enjay the greater things in life:
even tothe children of Wendigo, life in the Pure Lands
is more sweet than bitter.

Initial Willpower: 4

Beginning Gifts: Call the Breeze, Camouflage,
Snow Sight

Others

Ifthe Storyteller likes, he may allow characters of
other tribes into the chronicle if che timeline permits.
‘The most likely would he Red Talons; nor only are the
Talons far less jarring a presence than, say, a Fianna ot
Geet might be, but theit Gift lists require the least
retooling to represent a less "modern" environment.
Colonial-era chronicles might allow for players to
create European characters; Werewolf: The Dark
Ages and Werewolf: The Wild West offer a few ideas
for refitting Gift lists and tribal weaknesses to fir the
time period. Again, though, it should be stressed that
European Garou should show up in a Pure Lands game
only ifthe Storyteller thinks it's a good idea. Even if
player ean rationalize playing a Get that crossed over
with Leif Ericson, there's no denying that such a
character would be distracting and possibly even damn-
aging to the chronicle's mood unless the chronicle's
specifically set up to include him,

‘Thecriiemedvton eplien ence Sc bie allows
other shapeshifters into the chronicle. Although the
Three Brothers are on better terms with the various
Changing Breeds of the Pure Lands, this can lead to
some trouble — either the other shapeshifters out-
‘umbering the Garou, which is jarringly improbable,
or the sole non-Garou demanding an unfair share of
the Storytellers attention. In any case, the Gift lists
provided in the various Changing Breed Books are
more or lessas suitable fora historical game as they are
for a modern environment. If the Storyteller allows
another shapeshifter into the chronicle, it shoulda't
require much retooling save the different Abilities lis.

Ty


aA
Abilities
Calents

The Talents listed in the core rulebook are largely
as appropriate for Pure Lands' charactersas they are for
mmexicrn werewolves. In fact, some are even more viral
fur che Puce Lands here,

‘Athletics is a volued characteristic (athletic con-
tests, including various forms of stickball, footraces and
other such, are common to mast nations), and most
great heroes were renowned ax great athletes. Expres-
sion is u similarly heroic characteristic; many leaders
‘were expected to be eloquent speakers, even poets. And
the people of the time were no strangers to Subterfuge;
it was common for people of different nations to sharea
campfire and conversation, trying to learn things about
each other's nation while revealing none of their own
secrets, Conversely, Streetwise is almost useless in arty
pre-colonization game; the Talentof Barter replaces it

Garter

Withour an actual common coinage, the nations
of the period did most of their trading throuigh barter,
This Talent repeesentsnotonly agencral knowledge of
the comparable worth of various gooxl, but the ability
tor Teqggle and bayain with others skillfully enough to
get them to accept your terms,
© You can guess what the fait price ts for most
common goods.

‘You can tell when you're being cheated.
The local trading pasts have given up oft yet
ting you to pay too much or accept too little.
‘You can get good horses cheap.

‘You could buy Old Man Coycte'spelt for aseng.

Skills

The peopleof the Pure Landsobviouslyhadtomaster
many differentskllsto thrive; there wasfcod aplenty, but
not so much that the liz and indolene could get by for
long Eeiquette fe fen for mors importa in the setting
than it would be ina modem-day chronicle; ood feuds
bberween human peoples can start over seemingly minor
infractions. Etiquette involves not only the properway to
(geet and teat strangers, but a general knowledge of
taboos comunon to neighboring tribes — it's as much a
focus on what not to doas itis. a guide to what to do.

Melee covers a variety of weapons, depending on.
the nation; 1 skilled warnior might know how to se
knife, spear, war club and hatchet. Performance, like
Expression, is highly valued; many spits will accept a
beautiful song as chiminage

Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times

J ——— i

Instead of the modem skill Drive, Pure Lands
‘characters may leam Boating, which applies to canoes,
kayaks and the like; chronicles set after the introduc
tion of the horse may use Ride instead. Archery should
substitute for the Firearms Skill, although Pure Lands'
chronicles taking place after the introxluction of gums
canallow characters to choose Firearms s.a secondary
Skill. Finally, Repair is only really appropriate for a
mechanized society; Pure Lands characters use Crafts
instead to fabricate the tools they need.

Boating
This Skill isobviously prevalent only in ar

sufficient bodies of water, Ie can cover rivereraft or
oceancraft; any given boarer would probably have the
‘opportunity to learn only one specific type of water
craft, but high enough levels in this Skill convey an
understanding of boats that transcends specific forms
. Youcan paddleacanoe without going in circles.
ou.can safely make a living at fishing.

The river doesn't behave like the sea, but you

‘can navigate either in reasonable conditions

Rough waters aren't anything new to you.
* You're practically the child of Beaver himself,

Crafts

Full rules for the Crafts Skill appear in thie Players
Guide; in brief, chis skill covers the many and varied
ways of making things with one's hands and appropri
ate tools, This is highly useful for crafting weapons,
homesteads, clothes, trade goods and even appropriate
items for investment with fetish power. Obvi
this isa valuable ability in Pure Lands!

Knowledges

Finally, it should be obvious that the Knowledges
available toaPure Lands character are ying to be vastly
different from those a moxdern descendant might pos-
ss. Apartirom no-brainers like Computer, itshould be
noted that both Medicine and Science are rather diffe.
ent ideals than those the Pure Landers would pursue.
Law and Politics are also yomewhat inappropriate; alt
though both are important concepts, they're not quite
aswide reaching inatime witha low population density
The following Knowledges are womewhat moe in keep-
ing, although the Storyteller is, as always fee to make
substitutions where she sees fit

Animal Lore

While Animal Ken representsthe ability roughly
interpret an animal's reactions or try befriending an
animal, Animal Lote represents a more solid body of

nly,

m


|

ne AA

knowledge on animals behaviors, habitats, foods, hab-
itsand s0 on. A character with high Animal Ken, for
instance, can determine whether ornata given bears
‘hungry; bue with high Animal Lore, he can accurately
name that same bear's usual foods, and therefore try to
guess just why the bear hasn't been able ro have any
breakfast yet. This Knowledge is particularly useful in
tracking prey migra nd can be a useful comple-
ment to any Theurge's spirit knowledge. Of course,
this Knowledge can't convey knowledge of animals
tht the character and his contacts have never en:
countered: the most obvious example ie the horse,
* You're sell learning at your elder's knee.
Youknow whete the herdsare going and when.
#2 You're familiar with almost all the animals of
your region.
Youknow every animal in your hunting ter
tory by name
ee Your knowledge of animals almost goes far-
ther than your nation's trade contacts

Linguistics

The rules for Linguistics should be chaagel to
flect the new ones given in the Werewolf Players
de. This allows characters to speak a number of
Languages, almost a necessity due to their cultural
kgound. They may noe speak all the tongues
fluently, bucshould receivearleasta baste understand
ing of each language thus: purchased. Each dot in

Linguistics doubles the character's "extra" language
capacity, Thus:

. One additi

onal Language

Two additional languages

Four additional languages

Bight additional Languages

16 additional languages

h "slot" can be spent to purchase a different
human tongue, a different dialect of a tongue (such as
the Choctaw and Seminole variations on Muskogean)
sign languages. It should be noted that a number of

ions used trade tongues common to many different
groups so that even those who had no other common

Tanyuage could express basic concepts. All Garou
instinctively know the Garou speech, though the
Storyteller might require characters to expend astot to
gain full fluency in reading the Garou glyph-writing
system. In like manner, aslot could be used to learn to
interpret pecrog|yphs. Note that European tonguesire
unknown until after 1497.

Some of the language groups are: Eskaleut (found
along the north edge of the continent), Athapaskan
(western Canada and the Southwest), Algonquian,

In

I ——

Iroquoian, Muskogean, Siouan, Penutian (the future
California), Salishan, Uto-Aztecan-Numic, Caddoan
(the groups just west of the Misissippi) and many
‘others. Within these groupings are foundeach nation's
tribal language, such as Apache nd Navijo, both
found under Athapaskan. Further lists of languages
and their groupings can be found in books on Native
Am ne or on linguistics websites,

Healing

Rather than using the Medicine Knowledge, Pure
Lands Garou are more likely to have a general Healing
skill. This Knowledge sill covers n general knowledge
of the workings of che human body, but celies much
more strongly on herbal and even mystical cures
Although not as wide-reaching (particularly in the
ficld of pathology) as the European study of medicine,
Healingstill provides the ability to administer frst aid,
brew simple medicines, and generally keepone'sfriends
sand family healthy.

* You can stop bleeding and ser bones.

f°  Youcan bring down « baby's fever.

You're probably your

You can perform the simplest surgical proce-

dures if need be.

© Your clan reveres your gift for healing as if it
were supernatural

Herbalism

Although the Herbalism Knowledge
tocomplement Healing, it hasa broader set -
tions. Characters with herbal knowledge can identify
medicinal herbs, tell edible plants and fungi from
inedible or poisonous anes, eelecr and cure plant: with
hallucinogenic effects for the purpeneso vis
ing. and even guess ar the properties tha
plant's spirit might poses.

* You know that jimson weed's not for eating,
© You can rell whether & given mushroom is
poisonous or delicious.

healer

see The elders send younesters with auestions
about plants in your direction.
22¢*  Youknownoconly which herhsurebescforhealing,

but abo which are necessary to poison monsters
eeeee Witchesand medicine folk ask youradvice —
cor plot (o steal your knowledge.

Nation Lore

‘This Knowledge deals with information about the
various clans, villages and nations of Pure Lands'
humans — their territories, means of subsistence,
general aggressiveness, and other important informa:

Croatan Song

a TT,


eA ft

tion. This isa valuable Knowledge on many levels, as
itnot only lets you know who your enemies and allies
‘might be, but why —and how you could change chat
ifneed be. The highest levels of Nation Lore probably
‘won't be found in anyone other than Garou — only
werewolves have the mobility and the available time
to gather information from so mang different areas.
. Youknow some thingsaboutthe people across
the river.
You've traded goodsandstories with aumber
of outsiders,
You'tethe most well-traveled tmiderin yourclan.
You kriow the basic lore of many, many na-
tions, and are an expert on your neighbors.
You know the sectets of nations from the
Algonquiat to the Seminole.

Traditions

‘Thenationsof the Pure Lands have fewerlawsand
less complicated politics than the countries of the
modern era; bat they still have laws and polities, and
irs still umportant to know the ins and ours of these
things. This Knowledge covers the various laws, ta-
boos, rituals, rank and structure of human society;
although the emphasis is clearly on your own nation,
you'll know things about other nations' traditions
depending on, the extent of your teaching and the
proximity of the nation in question.
* You half-listen to your lessons.

You know what needs tobe done in most day-
to-day situations,
‘The elders will listen when you have some-
thing to say.
‘You are one of the elders
Youcoul builda great confederation of many
nations.

Backgrounds

Most Backgrounds can be used largely unchanged
in a Pure Lands game, although social Backgrounds
such as Allies, Contacts, Kunfolk and Mentor have

added significance in the much smallersocial groupsof
the time. Contacts are almost always people of differ-
ent nations or villages than the character's owny al-
most everyone within one's own village could be
considered a Contact to varying degree. This can be
both a good and a bad ching; your assoctates are yoing
to be within easy reach, but at the same time, you're
constantly in their vision. If you start hehaving in a
manner that would alienate them, they'll know
Resources is another matter entirely; without a
currency system, this Background may inchuledomestic

Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times

———————— ins

animals or horses (in later chroricles), sled dogs, wam-
pum or some other form of wealth recognized by the

particular nation, Since the actual amount of and type
‘of goods would be so variable from one area tothe next,
this Background should be translated into a more ger
eral sort of purchasing power.

Resources

* — Youhavelittleinoce than the clotheson youre
and what you can make with your own hands.

#*  Youcan take care of your family, but you have

nie luxuries Ww sparc.

Your skills are in demand, and you receive

good rewards or using them. Youcanafford to

show your generosity with gifts.

You'reone ofthe high-upsin yourclan; you could

afford ro throw a fairly respectable potlatch,

Few chiefs are as wealthy as you are; you have

enough goods to support your tribe for an

entire winter if need be.

New Archetypes

Archetypes provide additional opportunities for
role-playingby emphasizingparticular personalitytypes.
Playerswishing couse Archetypes toenhunice their Pure
Landscharacterssheuld select one personality to repre
senthercharacter's Nature, orinnermasteing.and cme
personality to indicate her character's De

self. Serightforward characters may choose the
personality type for both Nature and Demeanor.

The Werewolf Players Guide lists a number of
Archetypes suitable for Garou characters, and any
of these can apply to Garou from the Pure Lands. In
addition, the following new Archetypes ep
vide additional choices for Cr nt. Uktena or
Wendige involved in Pure Lands' chronicles.

Contrary

‘Opposites ire necessary in order to have balance.
Without conflict, all life devolves into stagnation. You
embody the art of remindingothersaf the "other" way.
You do not disagree simply for the sake of disagreeing
rather, youddaso co shake the complacency of othersso
that they do not act withour questioning the truth of
their actions or speak without considering the oppo-
site point of view. Your approch to life sometimes
takes the form of deliberately acting contrary to the
expectations of societal or gender roles. Ifyouare male,
you question the standard of maleness by assuming the
dress or resprinsibilities of women. If you are female,
you challenge the restrictions of your gender by dress
ing or acting as a male. You may sometimes speak in

3


|

wan

fidilles or say the opposite of what you mean. This
Nanure is suitable for Ragabash Garou in particular.

* Regain Willpower whenever your contrary ac-
tions cause another person to question a previous
assumption.
Warrior

Nothing seers more important thas pitting your
skill asa fighter against someone or something that
threatens your pack, your Kinfolk or your duty to the
Grandmother. You live for battle and direct most of
youratendion toward honing yourmindand body inte
the perfect weapon. Youdelight in the thrill of combat
and in the preparations and aftermath of war. You
respect othersfor their fighting prowessand can appre-
ciate a-worthy opponent (except in the ease of crea-
tures who have no haner). You view other activitiesas
Jess important o¢ else you tend to see all actions as i
they were tactics in a larger war,

* Regain Willpower whenever you achieve a
decisive victory in single combat with a foe that is at
least your equal

Gifts
Breed Gifts

Homid

‘The Jam Technology Gift does not exist for pur-
posesof Pure Lands' chronicles. The Jam Gun Gift (see
Werewolf: the Wild West) may apply for Pure Lands
nw whose septs have had contact with European
Garoujotherwise, Storytellers may choose toreplace it
with the Croatan ¢ ell Games, listed below.

Metis and lupus Gifts can remain unchanged.

Auspice Gifts

Just as the auspice roles have remained largely
hanged throughout the years, most of the auspice
Gifts given in the Werewolf rulebook are plency
appropriate for historical gaming. In most cases, only
thename need change (and then only in onder to keep
the mood insact).

‘The Level Three Ragabash Gift: Gremlins isobvi-
ously out of place: it can easily he replaced with the
Silent Strider Gift: The Great Leap.

The Theurge Gift: Feral Lobotomy is kriown as
we the Mind.

The Philodox Gift: Geas is called Sacred Vow.

For Galliand Gifts, change the name of Eye of the
Cobra to Lure of the Serpent, and Head Games to
Heare Twister

m4

———

Finally, the Ahroun Gift: Razor Claws should be
referred to as Knife Claws. Stoking Fury's Furnace is
known as Gathering Fury's Embers, and Kiss of Helios
should likely be renamed Sun's Touch.

Gribal Gifts

Note that beginningcharacters may choose fromone
of three tribal Gifts. Though each Gift list is obviously
‘most suited to the appropriate tribe, certain tahal Gifts
might be taught to others, especially any Wolf Changers
who fostered with the tribe

though, Git and above shoukd rernain
exclusively in the hands of the specific tribe.

Croatan Gilts

* Cookfire (Level One) — The Garou can tum
raw, unprocessed food into a cooked meal without
need offire, Inuddition, the meal tastes first class. This
Gite is taught by Earth- spirits allied to Carn Maiden.

System: The player must make # Gnosis rol, difi-
culty 7; the more successes, the more elaborate the final
meal. This Gift cannot add any food that isn't already
present —ircannot spice food ifthe Garou hasno spices
handy, for instance —butitcan turn unripe comon the
‘cob into cakes, ora fish that hasn't been cleaned into a
neatly scaled, gutted, boned and cooked meal.

* Turtle Body (Level One) —The Garou can call
upon one of the powers of Turtle and greatly slow his
metabolism. He must remain inactive, but can exist
without breathing for hours at a time. In addition,
uncontrolled bleeding halts, Extremes of heat o¢ cold
can be ignored. Ingested or injected poisons slow their
passage through the body, anddonot take full effecrfor
houts, allowing someone to fetch au witidote before
that time, This Gift is taught by a Turtle-spirit.

System: The player must spend one Gnosis and
raakea Gnosis oll.difficulty 6, toenterthe torpor-like
trance: The trance lasts for one hour per success,
although the Garou may choose to awaken early after
agiven amount of time has passed.

‘» Wyld Sight (Level One) — Some Croatan can
see the ebb and flow of Wyld energy, catching hints of
Wykd-related storms and other phenomena before
they grow too powerful. By use of this Gift, a werewolf
can feel the disturbances in the spirit world chat
presage a tornado, earthquake, wildfire or other such
happening. She can also see Wyld-spirits in the Pen-
uumbra while she remains in the physical world, al-
though her vision i somewhat clouded. This Gift ix
‘ought by a Wyld-spiri.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas,
difficulty 6. If successful, the Garou understands the

Croatan Song

a T,


ao

ee A ees

nature and source of the Wyld manifestation, The Syste
successes determine just how far in advance the Gift point and make a Cl
User can predict « Wyld event 7,twopen the cave. The decision of whether or

Successes Time Before the Event seal the cave must he made within three tun
One 10 minutes Garou can'rjust open and close thi

endl onic Gnosis

ulty
nt te
the
‘sheen
for a variable amount of time;

ma + Survival roll, dif

Two 30 minutes ‘th
Thiee Obs hear ion expires, anyone in the cave pops out
Foun Three Hours ‘of the earth again as the cave disappears
2 Successes Duration
Fiver One day
és One One minute
* Safe Cave (Level Two) — The Garou can cause
theearth woaplit before hitn,creatingaholeintoasmall —_T¥° Ten minutes
Three An hour

cave that can hold up to five more Crinoe-sized people,

‘The hole can be sealed once within Four hours
the cave, so that no-one our Fivet Twelve hours
side can discem itapres Tho cave dwellers are cafe from physical arrack

cence withour super- but some Gifts (such as Hand of the Earth Londs) ean
natural means. stillaffect them, scan any concerted burrowing effort
y Any burrawingor — that can dig down into the cave and break its sea
WA Earth-spirit can * Shell Game (Level Two) — Croatan Kinfolh
VB (HCl nations used to use all sorts of things as mediums of
shells were the most po
\ ransform 2 shell inte
dollars, co English
patever. This Giftis taught by

pounds, Japanese yen,
a Trickster-spitit.
System: The player must spenda Gnosis point and
roll currency
beanythingthe werewolf isfamiliarwith, although t
more successes, the berter. The currency can becor

five succestes could conjure up $1000 in hund

The shell cannot be changed into a precious metal
(gold, silver) or gem, only an exact facsimile of actual
money (or money order, travelers checks, etc.). Once
ft wears off, though (and itdoesso in an hous
time), che money turns back into a pretty shell

* Turtle Shell (Level Two) — By calling on
Turtle, the Croaran can seal himself
in a mystic protective shield
that resembles a turtie's
shell. The shell is opaque

e, but those

‘on the

1 werewolf

It to bring others
fo the shell with him,
his power issulficlent
Gift is taught by a


Lf

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Stamina + Survival. Each suceess gives the shell two
souk dice and two effective health levels; the radius
enclosed is two yards per success. A Crinos-form
‘werewolf requires about two yards radius, so with two
succeses, two werewolves in Crinos could be pro:
tected (or three humans or Homid-form Garou, oF 50
on. at the Storyreller's tion),

The shell astsforone scene, uruntil broken either
bythe Croatan's will orby suseaining toomuch damage
— whichever comes first, When broken, it sharters
into pivces that dissolve like s0 much mist.

* Call Earth Spirit (Lovet Three) — The Croatan,
cancallonhisancientllance with Turtle, summoning
Earth-spiniccorampaye forth anxderush thingsor people for
hmm. The Garou mus have some éarth at hand to invoke
the Earth-spirit, alshouyh a handful of dire ot a smallish
rock will suffice. This Git ts taughr by an earth element

System: The player spends one Gnosis ay
Manipulanion + Occule, difficulty 8, The
prith of destruction in a straight line for
inflicting 1Odiceof nonaggrawated dat
in ts path. Botching the sim
Earth itech

waite,

pai ara
bullet. Any object
worl, to fetishes) cai
of steak

System: The player spends one
rolls Charisima + Crafts, difficulty 7, Theat
successes determines the number of objects (including
the original) that result; two successes would create
one extra duplicate, four successes would create three
duplicates, and s0

The newly created objects last for only 24 hous,
and then disappear. But their effects remain — artow
or bullet wounds heal at normal rates, goods bought
with muleipliad money eetnain, multiplied food sill
provides nutrition as longas iewas digested before time
runs out, and 40 on,

* Hand of the Earth Lords (Level Four) — As
the Uktena Gift from Werewolf: The Apocalypse:

* Undercarth (Level Four) — Since Turtle went
into his comu-like sleep, many secrets of earth powers
‘once known are now forgotten — such as the Umbral
tunnels beneath the Umbrascape. The Crontan did not
always rely on Luna's moon paths when traveling the
Umbra (especially in the era when they were estranged
from her due to their devotton to Helios). ‘This Gi

6

Croatan Song

ie «2

allowed them to use the secret tunnels under the earth,
known to many earth-burrowing spirits and torems,
such as Mole, Badgerand Groundhog (who taught ther
the Gift). In sucha way, the Croaran could travel long
distances in the safety of the Umbral underground,

This Gife i all but lost to werewolves by the time

of the 20th century, bur this isalmost a blessing; in the
moder cra, sany of these tunnels have been occupied
by Rackin, making them hostile territory forany Garou
System: The werewolf must expend ane Gnosis
point tobe made aware ofthe nearest entrance into one
of these tunnels. Such an entrance might not be close at
hand; the Garou mighthavetogo on aday's journey just
to reach the nearest opening, depending on the local
population of burrowing spirits. Once inside the tunnel,
Wee ‘can reach his destination safely. When he gets to
tunnel, he'll know the proper way

bul get lost for years!

Gift is much like travel-
there's less chance of
he warrens (at least,

pnicle's timeline)

he must be able to
see his target. Ifthe strike is accurate, the victim takes
10 dice of fire damage each tum; this damage is aggra-
vated, although shapeshifters are able to soak it. The
fire cannot be doused with ondinary water; it will burn
unt 10 turns have elapsed unless quenched by a
‘Water-spirit, somehow dispelled, or until the victim
takes no damage on a particular turn,

* Resulute Vow (Level Pive) — The Croacan's:
legendary stubborness and strength of purpose was
‘often a hindrance, but they drew great power ftom it as
well. A werewolf with this Gift can persevere against
all ods, pursuing a goal of vengeance or a spiritual
quest to its end when even great heroes would tum
back, Croatan Ancestor-spiriss teach chis Gift.

‘System: As the Garou ritually declares his purpose
‘or quest to all within earshor, the player expends a
permanent Gnesispoint. Fromrhatpointon, the Croatan
hasnochoice bucto follow his questuncil thebitterend
However, any Willpower rolls made in pursuit of the


ne AZ

werewolt'sgoalsgainsixextradice (evenifthistakesthe which journey to undertake firse when a choice presents
dice pool over 10 dice), and the character also gains six itself, The Gift of the Moonstruck Path allows the Garow
extra Willpower points to spend on the quest (unused tw perceive the beginning of the path he must take in a
points disappear at the quests fiven situation, even if she herself és not sure of he:
arou voluntarily abandons his quest before _ultimare purpose. When che Gift isutlized, a yliosty pale
.sgoodtorbal, nlylosesallthebonus blue-white beam' of moonlight points w the correct
nts, but he loses one permanent Will- direction for one scene. Sometimes, as when the Garou
hbonw Willpawcerhathe'dalready  doesn'cknow why she needs to move in. eeetat di
tion of what to do once she reaches her de

2 becomes:a Jeap of faith, with the werewolf start
fter spending two of the bonus Willpower points, he unknown path and only later discover:
could never bring his Willpower over 8 again ing why. Thisente Cittistaught by

‘* Umbral Burrowing (Level Five) — The Um- one of Uktena's spirit
bral cunnels that Croatan travel don'e always lead brood.
precisely where one would like. This Gift neatly side
steps that problem by allowing the Garou to dig his
own tunnelsthrough the Umbrascape, between any
two points he chooses. This Gift is taught by ea
burrowing spirits, who are grateful to were
thar share the secrets of their tunnels, so that the
spitits can use them, too,

System: The Garou expends three Gnosis and
sears digging. A successful Perception + cule

comesout in the right place
ar slow one, about twice as Te

is permanent once

processis

but the
dug. It isn't necessary to know the
Underearth Giftto use Umbral Bur:
rowing, bur the werewolf without
tharGiftcannornecessarily travel 7
nnelsnocofhisown making with
our getting lost.

* Wall of Granite (Level Five)
— As the Philodox Gift

Uktena Gifts

The Uktena Gifts given in, @
/erewolf: The Apocalypseare gener
ally quite appropriate for pre ‘Gf
Columbian chronicles and beyond.
Note thar the Gift: Fetish Doll is gen-
erally seen as witch's work, and isn't
very socially acceptable even among
tribe members. Only in the modern
| ing prey, yet there are times when they
" have no idea where such a trail starts or

cerns marti arya ES PUI ES Ia ET
2
i :
2

c desperation of the tribe
Gift into wider us.

* Moonstruck Path (Level Une)
Farouanewell-veradin hunting and tack-

—


|

Ley

re tft

stom: The Giftraust be upiited after dark though
there need not be amoon in theshy, [ran ever he used
‘underground oft Witidawéss stgerures so long. as i is
dark outside The player makes aPerception + Survival
roll (difficulty8Y. Only Gre ssibcess is heeded

* Pull Water (Level Oné) — Using 2 forked stick or
a smonthy \Seate water hiiden wnder-

ee eee
Sites tobe wel ‘This Gifemay tap into underground
wells, water locked within foamy ground, moisture held

acti or deep strung fir beeath the desert floor.
Some Utena have ws dis Gi help their Kinfok in
desert nations irigate tele fields while others have kept
a pack from dyin of this when crossing badlands and
‘open desert. Spintservantinf Uktena teach this Gift
System: The playee folls Perception + Enigmas
(difficulty 6), For each success, he may call forth
enough warer to sustain a single person for a day.

* Sight of Hidden Places (Level Two) — As the
‘Ukteria seek all things hidden, they may be gifted with
the ability to find and see within unseen hollows uch
ascaves, hollow crees, underwater caverns and hidden
spaces. Objeces ind beings within the hidden area are
seen as though lit by normal daylight and may even be
‘examined utilising other Gifts such as Sense Wyrm.
Spirits of burrowing animals teach this Gift

‘System: | he Giarou concentrates on a single area no
larger than asia hill foroniecum. Keepinghis eyes shut,
he may then see" any open areas inside that space
(Gnchabmganypenons.treasures hiklenpookec-wthin
the places Rolling Pereption + Enign (aif
allows the chamcterto see to a depth of ten feet
success. By spending a poin of Willpower, he m
brinu into play any Perception: based

* Uktena's Passage (Level Three) — Thi
allows the Garou to calm or agitate water, whether
form of « river, stream or lake. She may calm rapids or
endow aplacid lake with wavestohelpspeed along ci
‘or wash aswimmer to shore. The power toshorten atrip

‘a
thwart enemy craft is yet another advantage of this Gift, ""Y{Q'square feet. A single success causes the desired

The spirits of the river trout and salmon teach this Gift.

‘System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Manipulation + Survival. For each success, she
may raise or lower the speed and/or roughness of the
‘current within 100 yards by ane degree. Degrees of
curtentsarecalm, slow moderate, swift,and turbulent.
The chang. rs for one scene.

Wendigo Gifts
Aswiththe Uktena Gifts all ofthe Wendigo Gis

listed in the Werewolf rulebook dare back millennia,
andare perfectly reasonable for Pure Lands' chronicles.

Croatan Song

PALL. LL TT,

* Snow Sight (Level One) —The Giron pai
ability to see clearly even in the harshest off
*white-out" conditions, Anyarcticspirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou concentrates orone turn and
spends a point of Willpower. The use of this Gift
cancels any disadvantages due to reduced visibility
caused by bad weather conditions, whether heavy
falling snow, rain, tog or glare.

* Claws of Frozen Death (Level Two) — By
breathing on his claws, the Wendigo can change them
into ice-like shards, ascold and hard as they are sharp.
This Gift is taught hy one of Wendigo's beood

System: The Wenadigo must spend one Rage point
and breathe on his claws; this counts as an action, but he
may take other aetions in thecame tum by spending more
Rage (but not by splitting dice pools). For the duration of
the scene, his icy claws do two additional dice of damage
dye to frostbite and exceptional sharpness

+ Bye of the Storm (Level Three) —The Garou
may ereate 0 place of calmness even in the midst of a
raging blizard or any other severe weather phenom-
ena, Uptotenpeoplecan take shelter within thisquict
place, suffering no damage from the fury that surrounds
them. This Gift is taught by an Air-spiric.

System: The Garou spends a point of Gnosis and
ralls Willpower (difficulty 7). The effect of the Gift
lasts for the duration of a single storm.

© Call the Tee (Level Four) — The Garou may
ssumntnon the spirits of the ice to cause a great fissure to

h the fest ofher enemy, engulfing and
prison of ice from which he has
ing. This Gift may also cause the
at dumping the target into
J water tee- a his Gite
isacit# fost effective on the
perethe ground has atleast
ip0h it. The player spends one Gnosis
» pointand rollsWillpower (difficulty 7)roexertenough
n the Iee-spirits im a single area of up to

effect, with additional successes adding to the depth of
the crack or size of the fissure.

Rites
Rites of Accord
Gite of the First Fruits
(Level One)
This rice wives thanks to the spirits fora bountiful
harvest. Usually performed by Wendigo Kinfolk ofthe

lakes region, some Wendigo participate in the rite to
solidify thetr bonds with their human Kin,


»

System: Noroll isnecessary for ch

participants bring a small

ifeg vo tha spirit thus: OF
pcir continuing favor in fu

cure of huevest

Bey
(2) Washing the Spirit

make himself
ing himself
aid. This rit

respect to th
H him. Before undertakiny

rites, many Garou per c 0 that no
RY unclean or evilemanationssully him and leave

Q),siving offense where none is int

the Story scretion, make subsequent deal
with spirits or the performance of other rites easier.

J Rite of the Black Drink

(Level Three)

a causes them to vomit. [tis
thought that purging their
bodies in this manner

cause of its reputed

cleansingpr

lack Drink

tions) call rethe
andhavebuil
consumption of this purgative

7)


ee AA,

artofthisite, the Black Drink not
all words
spoken forthenexthourare trucandalsoreveals whether
anyone drinking it harborsa Bane or ather unclean spieit
within his body. Those so afllicted will seek to escape
the liquid and if forced to imbibe it, will be
it, Their skin motte visibly with
ecles wha lat for ars hour
System: This rite may only be perforined
when freshly made Black Drink is available.
The dink cannot be carried alongand used
asa "Bane
detector."

Croatan Song

LT,

The point of the rite is to make certain that all parties
intend to speak truthfully and cleanly; discovering
tainted spirits is an added bonus. No coll is needed to
enact the rite, but a Perception + Awareness coll
(difficulty 6) allows those in the ritual to notice if

someone fails to drink or cannot purge the liquid.

Mystic Rites
Rite of Death-Crafting

(Level Five)

When an enemy has quickened a deep and all
consuming rage for vengsance within the heart of a
Garou, thar werewolf may choose to fashion a ritual
weapon to be used for anly one purpose — the death of
this hated foe. The weapon must be fashioned over the
course of a. complete eyele of the moon (one month)
while concentrating upon the one its intended to slay.

‘The weapon musteither incorporate some object previ
‘ously taken from the foe or « drop of blood and the cears
of the maker brought forth under the full moon. During

therite proper, the Garoucalsforth aspiritof vengeance,
which enters the weapon, which bevouscs imbued with
the power to slay the one who truly wronged him. A
deservingenemy isstruckdownby even theslightest blow
ir sctatch, but, ifthe foe has nor truly harmed the Garou,

the weapon inflicts only normal damage.
‘System: Creating the weapon of vengeance te:
quires the Garou to spend one point of Gnosis and
make a Dexterity + Crafts roll (difficulty 7). During
the month in which the weapon is constructed, the
Garon can do nothing else strenuous thar takes him
away from the cacrn, nor can he leave his work to
return later. Ifthe atterupt to create the weapon
N) fails, anothermonth must be peti to repeat the
crafting, The rte itself is performed once

the weapon is completed.
"The weapon itselfinflicesten health
levels of aggravated damage, but only
Sx. against the intended target. Once
the weapon has struck the
Saiwu'seneysteshaters,
Y wounding the slayer for
‘ovo aggravated health lev-
elsashe hasallowed vengeance
tosorule hispath. Ifthe enemy
dies from the blow (as is likely),
her spirit is ravaged by agonizing

pain atthe time of death,


et fthe

Raise the Sun

(Level Six)

Thistie isalmost legend the last reliable reportofits
performance dates back to 1300 AD, when the Cretan
‘were still allied with the Mound Builder Dreamspeakers
and Helios. The rite is performed only at night, for good

reacor: itis aa to call the sun to rise over the horizon
regandlessof the hour, bringingon the next day. Whether
thiscalls on an avatarof Helios to lightthe hoursberween
the rite and actual daybreak or it serually alters the flow
of time for the taryecarea fs wkniown

System: Unknown. The effective rite level of six
represents the extreme difficulryofenactingsucharite
eactual chancesoftheritewa
‘Storytellers discretion.

Rites of Renown
Rite of the Potlatch

(Level One)

This rite enjoys its
Wendigo and Croutan, al
times practice it as well — particularly in
multiple tribes share common Kinfolk. Most come
manly used to commemorate a rise
porfoun this tite to
such as a change in pack or sept leadership or 4
particularly glorious deed, j

System: The Garou enacting this rite announ:
his inter » other sept members at feast ten
before the actual performance. Preparation for the rite
includes gathering together a bounty of food and mak-
ing oF acquiring sufficient gifts for the attendees. The
actual rite consists of hosting a feast, giving gifts (which
may include fetishes or talens) to all who atrend and
entertaining them with stories, songs and dances. Al-
though this rite benefitsasingle Garou, her pack usually
participates in the preparation and performance of the
tite. Three successes on a Charisma + Etiquette roll
guarantees a successful potlatch; fewer successes means
that alehough the Gs
position of lendershipisaccepted, the Garou must offer
some other tangible proof of her worthiness to receive
the honor she has just celebrated. In addition, the
ritemastergainsaone-die bonus on all Social rollswhen
interacting with participants for the following year.

ite of the Song Duel

(Level Two)

‘This rite enables the settling of feuds without
resorting to bloodshed. Although Garou may tse this
ceremony to resolve differences between themselves,
itis more commonly used on behalf of warring Kinfolk

ne ree In rank or arrainment nf

sk, Garowali

System: The participants in the rite wake tunis
deriding their opponent through moulting songs
panied by appropriate dance movements. Afterone party
has completed his song, the other participant has the
right torespond in an attempt co best has dueling partner.
The rite ends when one of the duclers fails to reply with
‘8 more insulting or demeaning song than his tal

No roll is necessary, since this tite should be
simulated through role-playing, with the Storyteller
asthe final arbiter of who gains the victory. The loser
loses one point of temporary Glory from her Renown
score. IF done-oa behalf 6 her biol ether chun
herself, the Garou also loses any influence she hiss
over thove particular individuals for one month.

Seasonal Rites
Riteobthe Green Corn

(Level
This.rite, unlike many Garou powers, is meant
mail to Benéfit thes Kinfolk. When performed in a

certiin area, if eases the, ground to become more
feruile; to produce more food and co feed more animals

onal rite, performed just
hefore planting time tw ensure the maximum yiekd
System: The Garou performing the rite walks the
a to be blessed, sifting com pollen ante the grounc
POnce the urca has been covered, she rolls Charisma +
uals (dificulty6) tocallforth friendly spritstonoatish
¢ lund, The Storyteller decides how much greater the
Tyield will be and whether the food thus produced will
have additional nutritional value or other properties
depending on the number of successes achieved
There i: a degenerate v
by some modern-day descendants of Croatan Kinfolh
who have fost the bloodline but not theie traditions
These backcountry folks have interpreted the water
the Fite calls for as. blood — which & dangerous
business for strangers who come to town

Minor Rites
Boat Song

As the name implies, this minor rite takes the
form of a short song used to keep a boat from running
aground or getting tossed in rapids while on its
journey. No one aboard gets seasick, and the bei
makes good time regardless of the

Systems If the Garou performs thisrite each time
before he gets into a boat for a full month, he and
everyone in the boat gains two dice ta their Boating
Skill, even if inexperi

scorn.

rite practiced

iced. However, failure to

Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times

en

21


|

ee AA

perform the Bout Song before boardinga boat revokes
the blessing, and the Garou must begin anew,

Confederacy

This rite is performed before peaceful meetings
between different tribes. The Garou involved in the
meeting, must recite specific oaths as part of the rite;
the oaths are short and simple ahd formed as a com
(None here shall raise claw against another";
Each swears to defend the honor of the other," "No
lies shall pass our lips," and so om.)
System: All the participants in a meeting must
perform thisrite just before the tafks start Tal do so, it
becomes more difficult for them to frenzy as a reaction,

Toone another'sacticn
is required), for so long as all adhere to the

bbroken by a single member, though, the pact,

Cotems

Cotems of Respect
Chunderbird

Background Cost: 6

Thunderbird is one of
powerfulspint whose battles
legendary. Some say thar Thunderbird has

—that he isa being of thundercloud
lightning flashing from where his

‘Traits: Thunderhind's chi
dation 1 and Survival LThey ean call 6
Willpower pointsperstory, andofter fi
the Wendigo and even Purioné
Thunderbird might strike a pac a
— but he dislikes having to intercéde on his children's
behalf in this fashion, and will always demand a quest
or boon as repayment.

Ban: Thunderbird detests cowardice, and will not
tolerate packs that flee from encounters where they
aren't clearly overmatched. He also demands that his
children battle againse monsters, wicked spirits and
the forces of decay wherever they can.

Turtle

Background Cost: 7

The great spirit that carries the earth on his back,
Turtle is the very definition of honor and steadfast-
ness. He is gentle and sturdy, and encourages his
children co defend first and attack second.

When the Croatan sacrifice themselves to the last
to banish Eater-of Souls, Turtle falls into 2 great de-
pression and withdraws from Gaia's spirit hierarchy,

St wicker! ef@utires,

e.

22

Croatan Song

AT i

refusing tw act as totem to packs any longer. It's sald
that he will return just before the final bartle of the
Apocalypse, but none know the truth of this legend,
Traits: Turtle teaches his children the Gift: Turtle
Body. In addition, each pack member gains a point of
Stamina (even fthis would take thera sbove5). The pack
‘may draw on an additional five points of Wil
story. Crosean wl ala ook favorahty os Tah
Ban: Ture is very concemed with the honor of
hischildren, He will withdraw his favor from any child

who loses permanent Honor. wes to starl
and struggle to defend her land.

iiems of War

‘Background Cost: 4

Ancient allies of the Croatany these totems know
the secret pathways within the earth and the Umbral
underground. They may manifest as recognizuble ani
such astholes or prairie dogs, or as more "mythi-

owers teach the Gifts: Bur
«ldivion, they can be peti-
tioned to tery rane the Gift: Umbral Bur-
if theuck's need is great. Their packs also

ice on Survival rolls

J Three Brothers during the
beena friend to Wendigo in
modern era. He is a mighty
¢d as much for his strength as for his

‘Traits: Walrus grants his packs two extta dice on
that can be used on any Strength or Stamina roll,
though only one member can henefit ve any given
time. All pack members receive two temporary Glory,
and each pack member gains two dice t soak damage
resulting from cold

Ban: Walrus asks that his packs not hurt his
animal children for their ivory, and to punish anyone
who slaughtersian animal for vanity. Walrus' packs are
deadly enemies of professional fur trappers, although
they forgive those who taken animal's fur outof need

Totems of Wisdom
Corn Maiden

Background Cost: 5

‘The giver of the great gift of com, Cam Maiden is
notable torbeingone ofthe few spirits affiliated with the


aA

‘Weaver that the Pure Lands Garou willingly trust, She
isa strong totem with deep ties to the clement of earth
and the strength of plants; she also draws power from
generosity, She is much loved among human nations,
and her packs receive much of the same friendship.

Traits: Com Maiden's packs learn the Gift
Cookie; they also receive two temporary points of
‘Wisdom, So longas they are friendly and helpful, Com
Maiden's children also receive threediceon any Social
roll dealing wich humans.

Ban: Com Maiden's children must assist their
human relatives with the planting and harvesting of
com, and are asked ro give the gift of planting to other
nations they may encounter. Packs who follow Com
Maiden usually carry a handful of corn kernels with
wherever they go, shoulda stranger be in need of
orshould they meet somecne who has yet to learn
che mystery of planting.

Trout

Background Cost: 5

Trout is something of a trickster figure, but he is
also a spirit of bounty and generosity. He teaches his
children co be as slippery and swift as he is.

Traits: Trout reaches his children the Gift: Spirit
of the Fish, Pack memberssubrract 2 from all difficul-
ties involving swimming or escaping their enemies. In
addition, any one pack memberatatimecancallon an
extra cwo dice for any Wits rol

Ban: Teour' children must never take mare fish
than they need from the river. Trout also asks that all
hischildren leam to swim without the benefit of Gifts

[Noce: These totem traits can also be used 10
represent Salmons a piit who iy just as iuapoctanse to
the people of the western cost]

Fetishes
Eagle Claw

Level 1, Gnosis 7

lyn halite
lea pact with an Eagle-spirit for this
fetish. Ifa Wolf Changer female lightly scratches her
armsand above her cyes with the eagle elaw, she gains
the power of birds, Flight is the first power granted to
her, but she alo gainsan eagle's magnificent eyesight.
Both powers last for only one scene or one hour,
whichever comes first. The claw is only usible during
the phase of the moon under which che female was
hom, Thus if she isa Theurge, the power only func-
tions when the moon is in its crescent stage.

Dance Mask
Level 2, Gnosis 5

Thiselaborately carved and painted wooxden mask
may represent any nutmber of animals, spirits oc other

beings. When activated and used in « coremorial
dance or during the performance of an. appropriate
rolls that determine the success of che ritual or cer-
emony. If no roll is required, the use of the mask
increases the effect of the ceremony in some fashion,
(determined hy the Storyteller)

Tocreate this fetish, the Garou must bind a spirit
appropriate to the type of mask ({.¢,,araven spirit must
enter a raven mask),

Porcupine Quill

Level 2, Gnosis 5

These fetishesre syvereign remedies for poison If
the poison spewed forth by a Wynn creature harms a
Garou, scratching the affected area with the porcupine

quill releases the toxin from the body. While it does
not restore lost health leve

from the person and prevent further d
‘same poison for up to an hour. If poison is ingested,

‘crushing the quill and boiling it in water to make a tea
hhas the same effect

Storyknife

Level 2, Gnosis 4

This fetish consists of an elaborately carved ivory
knife etched with pictures of a totem animal honored
by the individual preparing the knife. When
vated by a Wendigo Dacbauaijimoot, the knife asists
th #'smemory, aiding her in any activities involv
ing Performance or Expression adding an automatic
success ro any rolls involving these Abilities.

Tocreate this fetish, the Ganou must bind a spiit
of the animal etched into the knife's surface

itdoescle

Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times 123

la


Le
|

a Lf tk

Story Bag

Level 3, Gnosis §

‘Thisfetish isa small rawhide or deerskin bag worn at
the waistorearriedtucked within ashirt, Ofterdecorated
with quillwork, shells or one the bag holds within i a
fuumber of stories that might be appropriate (o a given
situation. Onee per story, the Gansu why posenmesa tory
bbagmay open ic and draw forth arale. Thisscory willhave
something in common with a current problem or situa-
tion facingthe Garon and may give some insight into how
crhers handled. similar difficulties. Sometimes tt wil
instead gi ue to what foes the Garou is facing or a
hunt conceming how to defeat an apparently unbeatable
foe. In game terms, the player must tell the Storer she
intends to consult her story bag ar the end of a playing
session (or sometime within the game ifthe Story
sgood at thinking fast on his feet), The Storytel
catructsa een orale tharconrginsclueson
the curtent cris: They need notjbe exter
even be eryptic, but must always fer Am
the character ca but ie ion)" ‘a

Special Items it

Certain items icy the a
tribes ofthe Pure Landa hy a,
theie taditions. Hoy a

spirits into. ee
cual power vy,

Badger Claws

A.set of three claws from i badger
preserved badger paw are ree badger claws
When worn around the neck or heldhwithin « nie
‘cine bong, badger claws might grant their owner the
ability tovuse the Get of Fenris Level Four Gift: Hero's
Stand, Like the indomitable, immovable Badger, the
Garou stands her ground until battle has' ceased.
Badger claws must be invoked to confer their power,
which takes one combat cur

(Suggested: Level 5, nosis 0)

Bear Claws

Though a necklace of bear claws traditionally de-
notes the power and ferocicy of the wearer (who is
assumed rohave defeated the bear whose claws he wees),
when wor by a wolf-changer, this irem confers healing
power. Rear claws might grant theie wearer the ability to
perform the Level One Theurge Gift: Mother's Touch or
the Level One Philodox Gift: Resist Pain. These may be
‘used on the wearer or anyone she can touch.

(Suggested: Level 2, Gawsis 6}

14

ne

Corn Pollen

Com pollen may be used in two ways. First, it may
be poured onto a person's face to cleanse them of
impurities. Anyone using com pollen in this way that is
injured might remove one health level of damage due to
the invigorating effects ofthe pollen. An added benefit

‘of using com pollen in dis way is that it may be
combined with che Green Com Rite to make that
person more fertile. Thus, ifeither a Kinfolk or a Garou
were to use the pollen, he would be more likely to
produce offspring that are also Garou. The second use is
tothrow the pollen into the air to blanket an area that
asseady foxplafiting or that the Garou wants to use ts a
sacrtd€itcle. The pollen makes the ground more fertile
|jo outlines any tainted soil, making it clearly
unger so that ft may be uprocted.

Gnosis 7)

ial strung in « pattern
cular frame. Typically

ght ensure that evil
€ who sleep bericatls

sis, she may roll
pave ifshe is grantod

eine ne
spells. Generally, owl feathersare hung within adwell-
ing to keep wicches' spells and curses from affecting

those within. Some say that hanging owl feathers
‘within the doorway ill aloo keep witches from enter
ing. Though these measuresare not alwayscfiective, a
fetish version of this talisman (which takes the form of
a tailon tied with feathers) is. Hung around che neck of
someone afflicted by a witch's spell, the ow!'s talon
breaks the spell's power. The one afflicted feels as
though the ow!'sralon isscratching its way inside hina,
where it locates the "badness" and roots itout. Though
‘not painful enough to cause damage, itis distracting
and uncomfortable enough to cal forthe patient tolie
down and relax while a shaman (or concerned family
member) chants forhis recovery and applies the talon.
(Suggested: Level 1, Gnosis 6)

Croatan Song


aA

Owl Feather Arrow

‘Owl's wisdom gives much protection from witches.
Ialso imparts to owl the best way to kill awitch or evil
sorcerer, Many witches are very clever in protecting
themselves fromall manner of deaths, so much so that
afew ofthe more powerful onescannotbe killed by any
normal means. Those who must fight such foes are
gifted with special white ringed arrows fleeched with
owl's feathers. Such arrows are reputed slay witches,
even Wolf Changers. Though the arrow confers no
additional skill in hiteing ite target, awiteh hit by auch
‘arrows loses his power to soak damage from any source
(for the next tum only), Those who wish to make
certain thata witch is permanently dead usually shoot
another owl-feather-fletched arrow into the Bitch's
heart after death. To be completely certain, the wite
must then be buried, the arrow brokén and F
the ashes sifted onto her grave. /

(Suggested: Talen, Gnosis

Peace Pipe

Smoking the pipe to ce}
time-honored traditio
Many rituals and tradi
hold the pipe, what it,
he smoked, how to st
other such matters.
evil upon both
nessed it. Thepieace pt
Lands councile. The pipes
the person who is to speal
interrupe the speaker unt
on. This much is ceremonial.
peace pipe might lie in the smok

smoke rises, thisshows the truth of the
by those who partake. If the smoke hovéty, all know
that there is something either half-tcuthfubor ques-
tionable about the specch. Smoke that falls to the
floor shows that the speaker is lying. It should be
noted that if someone is lying buc does not realize he
is speaking untruly, the smoke hovers.

(Suggested: Level 1, Gnosis 6)
Sapiya

‘These colored stonesiare kept in a hide bagand used
for healing. Sapiyn must be nurtured, keeping their
potency intact by washing them in squirrel' blood and
dew once per month. Using a fetish sapiya, any Wolf
Changer may enact the Leyel One Theurge Gift:
Mother's Touch or the Level One Philodox Gift Resist
Pain. In addition, the user may determine the general

b summci at 10

state of health of a person's body. By making a Percep-
tion + Medicine roll (difficulty 7), someone using sapiya
may assess a single person's health, Extra successes

beyond the first enable the user to determine illnesses,
ailments and chronic problems afflicting the target,
(Suggested: Level 3, Gnosis 7)

Curquoise

This blue-green stone is also called the sky stone.
When wom. protects the wear from thirst, allowing
hee to travel far longer in the desert ancl ocher dry pices
without beoéimingdehyrated. Therferish version might
ani to go up to a week without any wa

havertu uses, When tied to a

Elan eich may be used

Be coor! a tornada, Thi
Indicltiggy whar direc

; =! might use the

toward @ particular inhabiced

"fe 4 iWadjagent to specific
ae ually hua

if Ys purely ceremonial
ou ule. ot speak with
spl mig the rattle inthythimic fashion increases
the chance that the spirit will unswer in a favorable
manner (lowering difficulties of dealing with non:
hostile spirits by one),

(Sugyested: Level 4, Gnosis 7)

Merits and Flaws

‘While some of the Merits and Flaws detailed
below are more appropriate for certain tribes, any
might be made available to all charsctersas long asthe
Storyteller and player find ways to incorporate them

Intertribal Fosterage (1 Point Merit)

‘You are of one tribe, but were fostered in another.
for example, be an Uktena who has lived
with the Croatan ora Croatan fostered tot

Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times 4125

ies 4


|

ee AA

‘You may choose your tribal Gifts from among those
available to either tribe (although you receive no cost
break on purchasing Gifts ourside your true tribe's with
experience) and may learn skills usually only known to
nations nsocinted with the other tribe, Thus, a Garou
who normally belongs to a woodland nation that
subsists by hunting and gathering mighe learn how to
‘cultivate maize when fostered co a southwestern cacm.

Heart of Sasquatch
(3 point Wendigo Merit)

You have a gentler spirit chan mest of your tribe
These who recognize this quality in you claim that you

reathrowback to the manitou of Sasquatch, before he
grew bitter and became the cannibal monster known as
‘Wendigo. Because of your calmer nature, you often act

go-between when encountering groups of Kinfolk or
when dealing with other Garou tribes, allowing you co
avoid situations that might end up in an unnecessary
battle. Yougetan adkitional success whenever trying to
resist giving in to your rage, and have one less effective
success on any Rage roll only for the purpose of deter-
‘mining whether or not you fly into frenzy.

Elemental Affinity (7 point Merit)

You ate tied to one of the four elements —enrth,
ar, fire or water. You feel especially atcuned to that
celemencand can derive certain powers from that bond.
Storytellers who wish co emphasize this connection
‘may add other benefits. but should also tx er
maintenance ofthe tie such as services to be rendered

* If you are linked to au, you have no difficuley
finding Bird or Air-sprits willing to reach you Gifts,
possibly even outside thase normally available to you.

our arrows albo fly straighter (Aechery difficulty is
lowered by one) and you are able to withstand strong or
chill winds up to hurricane force. You must always wear
or carry something whice, be ita feather, paint, jewelry
or clothing and thank your patron daily for these gifts.

* A bond with fire allows you to kindle afire even
in the worst downpour with no dry wood available
You take one less health level of damage per turn from
fire. As with air, you must thank your patton daily and
always wear or carry something red.

* An affinity with water allows you to swim in any
turbulence up to hurricane or tidal wave force, Addition.
ally, youcanalwaystell in which direction pure water les,
though you may not realize whether it lies underground
or on the wuface As with the other wflinities; you must
hank your patron and wear or carry sornething blue,

* Being linked with earth gives you great strength, So
Jong as you touch upem the earth, your Strength i effec

126 Croatan Song

aaa 1/2

tively one higher in whatever form you are in, even if this
takes you beyond maximum human Strength when in that
form. Further, you always know the direction in which

food may be found, though you will not know whether tt
isa field of maize, a herd of deer or within the storehouse
cof arval notion. Thanks to your patron rust be maine
tained and you mast wear or cary something brown.

Blabbermouth (2-3 point Flaw)

You cin't keep asecret, not even to save yout life.
If you know semerhing that is hidden from others,
you just have to tell someone. This may get you in
trouble with friends whose confidences you betray of
worse, bring trouble to your tribe or nation when you
blithely give away the location oftheir secre huneing
grounds. To maintain silence concerning something
secret chat you know, you must spend a Willpower
pointand getat least onesuccessona Wits + Enigmas
roll (difficuley 7). Even one success lets you suppress
the urge for a scene. This is two-point Flaw for all
except Uktenu; for them this Flaw is worth three
points, since Uktena traditionally possess far greater
numbers of potentially deadly seccets.

Witch Kin (2 point Flaw)

You are known to be related to a known witch
Because of this relationship, your nation and etibe
alike distrust you. Positionsof leadership within your
nationare closed to you, though within your tribe you
can sll be accorded respect hised om your deeds.
Your Wolf Changer Gifts give rise to suspicion and
make your other Kinfolk wonder tf you too are a
witch, When something goes wrong in the nation, be
ica betrayal or simple accident you are the fist to he
suspected. This Flaw even extends to those who have
recently met you, as people scurry rowarn them abvut
your witch-kin. And, of course, your witch relative
will probably make further trouble fer you, although
ever his or her death won't stop the suspicion

Unsuited to Tribe (3 point Flaw)

‘You were obviously bom into the wrong tribe.
You constantly feel our of step with yourown people
and the native culture their Kinfolk espouse. If your
Kinfolk depend upon agriculture, you make an abys-
smal farmer, instead preferring to hunt or fish. Ifyour
nation is noted for its basketry, you're more inter-
ested in weaving blankets. You cannot achieve any
position of prominence in your nation since they
view you as hopelessly out of step. Your tribe nlso
sees you as an oddity. If you ate Uktens, you may
have no interest in secrets and wisdom, instead
striving for honor: if you are Wendigo, you might


we eAZ

seck wisdom, failing co strive for glory in battle; if
Coatan, you might crave glory and disdain the path
ofhonor. For this reason, it shard for you to gain the
actual renown you desetve. You may lose positions
of leadership youmerit and you always lag behind on
being accorded the next higher status and renown
you've earned. As an additional injury, when pur-
chasing tribal Gifts with expertence, you must al-
ways pay the out-of-tribe cost.

Witch Finder (3 point Flaw)

Forsome reason, you attract the attentions of evil
witches and sorcerers, It may be that they believe you
have powers they can acquire of they may just get the
sense you're out fo oppose them, Whatever the reason,
witches either seek you out or create problems for you
behind the scenes, keeping their hand in yourdifficul

ties secret. Whichever way they function, you are a
pritwe target for any witch manipulations oe curses.
Even the usual remedy of placing an ow feather in the
doorway of your home doesn't protect you from their
interest and interference. The best that can be said
about this is that you'll always have something inter-
esting complicating your life.

Dark Moments (4 point Flaw)

Youexperience (ordon'texpertence) moments
of mental darkness under great stress or in the face
of utter failure. Your conscious tind enters black
place where y rwareness of what you are
Sometimes, you fear you commit horrible
actions during these periods — murder, cannibal-
ism or some other heinous crime against either
your tribe or your Kinfolk. Whenever you know
what you have done, you try to atone for it, but
sometimes youhave no idea asto the nature of your
deeds. Only those around you can tell you of your
tions, if they happen to survive.

The Dark Moments Flaw takes effect whenever

youbotch « Rage or Willpower roll, During this time,

the Storyteller tikes charge of your character, As a

player, you may be aware of what your character is
doing, but your character is amnesiac. This Flaw is
most appropriate for Wendigo characters, but Uktena
{or Croatan) fostered by the Wendigo
infected with this Flaw thr
Wendigo's overabuncan

Weapons

Although the Native Americans did indeed vse
spears, knives, hatchets and bows to fight. they also
used. a few more weapons thar don't immediately
spring to mind. For example, the Cherokee tended 10
construct blowguns out of river reeds and fletch their
darts with cattail fluff, The northernmost nations used
hharpoons that were plenty effective in the hands of an
angey Wendigo. And many nations had some form of
war club from the Sioux clubs that were fashioned
from a stnooth stone bound to a handle, to the carved
wood clubs of the Seneca. Below are statistics for the
weapons most common to the North American na
tions; they can. also prove useful for devising fetish
weapons appropriate to the chronicle.

Kinfolk
Character Generation

Ofcourse, Kinfolk characters
new layer to a Pure Lands game. The mortal Kin
who stands alongside his or het Gurou brethren is
obviouslyahero indeed. Since such bravery should
be encouraged in Werewolf chronicles, we've in-
cluded some guidelines on creating Kin charact
for a Pure Lands setting. A much more elaborate
look at Kinfolk characters exists in Kinfolk: Un-
sung Heroes; lers and players alike may
find more ideas there, as well as sufficient material
to create all-Kin games,

become
ish their exposure to the
of rage.

paddan entire

Period Weapons

(Often poisoned: worthless during windy conditi

Can be thrown; range is Strength x 3 yards

8 range of 10 y

mage pool; range about 100 yards

Available only after the introduction of the hone; uikds three darnage dice

phone

Weapon Difficulty Darnage Notes
Blowgun 7 2
Bow 1 6 Attack successes after the fir add tothe
Harpoon 6 Strength +4 Can imbed in victim's flesh
Lance i? Strength +3
when used from a chur
Spear 6 Strength +3
Tomahawk 6 Strength +5
WarClub 5 Strength +3

Chapter Four: Children of the Middle Times

i


|

eA 1th

Archetypes

It's necessary to select a Nature and Demeanor
for Kinfolk characters: werewolves may tega
power from appropriate auspice behavior,
have no auspices. Most archetypes listed in the
Werewolf Players Guide will work just fine for Kin,

acwill the two given earlier in thie chapter.

Attributes

Kinfolk have a little less rw ability than Garou,
and begin the game with 6/4/3 i Aconbutes rather
than the werewolves' standard of 7/5/3

Abilities

Kin characters ha

ratio ts LL/7/4,

' Sen

clleée may wish to substiture mee
allgws the Kin' fo make fait good intuitive guesses
abet

"The Skill lise given Or atou is equally appropri-
ate for Kinfolk ]

Knowledges are handled¢hesamig as forother Pure
Lands ou characters, With) Gav eat. Riruals is
not quite as useful as it is for Ganga it i very rare for
the spirits to answer a Kinfolk's all (meaning. that'
Kinfolk should only be able fake a tite work at the
Storyteller's discretion), This doesnot, hawever, mean
that Kin characters can't take the Rituals Knowledge:
many Kin are granted the lore of their Garou cousins'
rites, in order that they may help teach young cubs
what is expected of them.

Backgrounds

Kinfotk can select from the various Backgrounds
available to Garou, with some modifications. Obyi-
ouily, the Kinfolk and Past Life Backgrounds ace
licable. The Contacts Background should have
ayesit, appl ats with local Ostou,
Mentor Background can delineate either a powerful
individual in the Kinfolk's nation or else a Garou
mentor
Fetish is ifly. [e's possible for Kinfalk to possess a
fetish or a talen given to them by one of their Garou
kin, but this should be tare: what's more, the fetish
must be something that doesn't require Gnosis to use
Pure Breed is possible, and in fact greatly desirable
{from a Garou's point of view), Pure-Bred Kin do not
necessarily pull more weight with their werewolf cous-

128

Croatan Song

eT 1/4

ins, nor do they receive extra social dice: however,
they do increase the chance of breeding truc, and
therefore have more of achance ofearning greathonor
by bearing (or siring):a Wolf Changer.

‘The Resources Background doesnothavemon-
tary applications, but may include domestic ani-
als or horses (in later chronicles), sled dogs, wam-
pum or some other form of wealth recognized by the
particular nation,

Finally, itis possible for exceptional Kin to be
adopted intoa pack, and such individuals may contrib.
ute to the pack totem through the Totem Backgrounds
as usual. Kinfolk so blessed will likely be honored by
thetnallies and family members who understand the

thisean also havea tendency to
Htheborber mortals of her nation

ah.

»points rather
¢ They do

1 One
[Gifts that do not Require Rage or Gnosis to Aétivate
"The cose is prohibitive, though — 15 freebie pomts for
single Gift, then the Kin can't purchase any
fuze or Gnowis to use. With one
eption, that éertain rare Kin can possess adot or
cygetaree of Gnosis. This s treated asa Meri:
tosis is worth five points, while two
Grows costs 8k points avd a Gnosis seore of ¥ (the
‘Maxiinum) Costs seven freebie points. This Gnosis is
‘only usable to attune fetishes or activare Gifts i does
‘ot convey the ability ro step sideways,

Of course, Kinfulk characters are immune to the
Delirium, Regrettably, they cannot soak aggravated
damage, and their healing ability is no berter than that
of ordinary humans

Asmentioned before, the Gauntlet is tower in the
Pure Lands than in modern times. Although Kinfolk,
even those with Gnosis, are unable to step sideways,
the Storyteller may allow them to use special rites to
ross into the Umbra in places where the Gauntlet is
as low as 2.

Kin characters do not ordinarily receive Renown,
but exceptions have been known to happen. These
exceptions are very rare, and always require the Kin to
have performed some vital service for her Garou kin.
Kinfolkcan never receive more than theeffective rank
of one, however. Further information on Kin Renown
(and Kin society in general) is available in Kinfolk:
Unsung Heroes,


The World Beforesth® Wyrm Came

Three brothers: Uktena, Wendigo and Croatan, Thre® tribes that kept the

‘m at bay, that kept thePure Lands pure. Three tribe$ that guarded the
Americas with their lives. But the Pure Landsweremever tly peaceful — and
ultimately, one of the'thiée tribes was forced to sacrifice itself so that the other
two could live. This is the story of the Three Brothers, and the lands they
guarded, ina time when the Pure Lands were still pure.

A Gribe's Last Stand

Croatan Song is the story of the werewolves of North America and their
territory before the Coming of Columbus. In these pages, players will find the
history of the Pure Lands, the sales of the human tribes there, the struggles and
battles that were waged before the Wyrmcomers came, and the final sacrifice
of the Croatan. The Middle Lands await

Croatan Song contains
* A detailed overview of the peoples of pre-Columbian North America and
their Garou kin
* Extensive notes on how to run a historical Pure Lands chronicle, as well
as how to integrate this information into modern-day games
* Char tion rules for Pure Lands Croatan, Wendigo and Uktena
chare antagonists, fetishes, rites and more
