# File: Crusade Lore, Storyteller Screen, And Book.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Stowstelles Seayslernent ffoe
Mage: The Sovceees Consade.

CRUSADE
LORE

A Storyteller Supplement for
Mage: Che Sorcerers Crusade"


iz BAY : arf

LORE =

NV Credits Special Thanks Co:

Written by: Phil Brucato (concepts & Abilities, Mer- Charles "Melrose" Bailey, for his personal soap operas.

its & Flaws, Scourgelings, war machines), Jackie Cassada & Cary "Three-legged Dog and Two-headed Baby"
Nicky Rea (Merits & Flaws), Ken Cliffe (concepts & Goff, for burning the frat boys.

Abilities), John & Lisa Daigle (period thought), Richard Ed "Beady Eyes" Hall, for bringing back bangles from
Dansky (wraiths), Robert Hatch & Justin Achilli [¢ Mardi Gras.

(vampyres), Ken Hite (settings), lan Lemke (fae), Ethan Karen "One (Wo)man Band" Schultz, for being the
Skemp (werecreatures), Rachelle Udell (fashions) fnlisician to Phil's bass player.

Sites a by: Phil Brucato and Ken Cliffe Katie "Endless Crusade" McKaskill, for sweating
Edited by: Cynthia Summers through the purple brocade.
Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Art: Jeff Holt, Eric Hotz, and Leif Jones

Front Cover Art: Omar Rayyan

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,
Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Crusade Lore, GAME STUDIO

Mage the Sorcerers Crusade and Dark Fantastic are trademarks of

White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,

names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

iy 735 PARK NORTH BLYD.

SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.


CONTENTS



(Si | INTRODUCTION: | Fg

x, ike a bountiful crop from a fertile field,
els wai the following harvest has been care-
MAR ACZN fully cut, bundled and set aside for the
7 Ht, table. While Mage: The Sorcerers
Crusade is a full dish by any standards,
a few morsels had to be left aside for
later meals. There is a limit to how
much one table (or stomach) can contain!

Enough metaphors — this book compiles various tidbits
from the main rulebook. Chapter I features some tidbits

Now King Pride parched the countryside
And sent corbies on the wing

Till the rivers did o'erflow their banks
And stilled the thirsty land.

— Edward Hotspur, King Midas and Lady Venus

about the setting, including Renaissance "backgrounds"
and heavy artillery.

Chapter II is geared toward the player, with Merits
& Flaws, new Abilities, character concepts and informa-
tion about period dress and perspective.

Chapter III dances across the fringes of the world,
exposing the intrigues of vampyrs, werebeasts, ghosts
and faeries, and presenting a handful of Scourge spirits
for your... entertainment.

A short menu, perhaps, but a full one! Enjoy!


Ele. \ONE
Coe NF?


(EN. CHAPTERI: | bags en
Z ah A IX DNKAKE

he Dark Fantastic world of The Sorcer-
ers Crusade is full of mysteries and secrets,
hidden places and unknown lands. How-
ever, there is also a vast world before the
characters that they deal with every day,
es whether it's the local village in which
magi have lived all of their lives or the road that leads to
other countries. The following travelogue offers glimpses
and insights into the regions of the Renaissance universe.
Storytellers can use this information to paint tableaux for
players as characters live out their days at home or travel
vast distances.

The Ship

Impressions: Ships are cramped places. Even the best
rooms on the richest carracks are Spartan compared to the
luxuries available ashore. Coming aboard, everything seems
chaotic — crewmen rushing back and forth; cargo being
raised, lowered and stored; orders being shouted and the
wary dodging rigging, beams and tools. Gear, ropes, can-
nons, barrels and spars seem to be lashed down randomly
and obtrusively. Rude hands pile cargo on deck, and strain-
ing backs swing more below.

The trained eye recognizes an ordered routine, though.
Experience dictates what needs to be done, when and by
whom, whether it's the first mate or the lowliest oarsman.
Limited cargo room demands that provisions be secured

wherever space permits. Every crewman understands this
and moves with an eye to his surroundings.

Landlubbers can find space (i.e., get out of the way) a
few feet from the rail and there look onto the limitless
expanse of the sea. The tide moves everything in a most
disconcerting way; only the briny tang of the air allows one
to hold off a rising sense of nausea as the creaking vessel
rocks and sways, far from the comfort of solid earth.

Description: The most common ship of the Renais-
sance is the small (50- to 70-foot-long), light (60-ton) Arab
sambuc, which plies the Indian Ocean, the eastern Medi-
terranean and the south China seas. A sambuc can be
turned on the lightest breeze and, may skirt nimbly away
from rocks, pirates or patrols by maneuvering its two trian-
gular, or lateen, sails.

The caravel, the European equivalent of the sambuc,
carries explorers, merchants and messages to or from the
kings of Portugal, Spain and England, throughout the
Mediterranean and Atlantic. Some caravels bear a third
mast with a rectangular sail, a northern innovation. In the
north seas, great square-sailed carracks shudder through the
icy waves, carrying hundreds of tons of cargo between the
Hansetowns of Germany and the markets of England and
France.

By 1492, the blend of caravel and carrack produces any
number of ship designs; expert seamen can tell a ship's
home port, crew and even cargo from the designs of its mast


aS — CRUSADE y /,

and rigging. Columbus' flagship the Santa Maria is such a
hybrid, a modified Portuguese merchant ship called a nao.
Three masts (two rigged for powerful square sails and one,
the mizzen, for lateen) and a bowsprit mark it as an Atlantic
ship. The ship's cannons sit on the main deck. The roomy
hold below contains the ballast and cargo. A raised poop
and forecastle complete the plan.

In contrast to the evolution of oceangoing craft, the
oared galley still rules the Mediterranean, almost unchanged
from its Byzantine and Roman days. The sleek (120-foot-
long, 15-foot-beamed) war or merchant galley cruises the
relatively calm and tideless sea powered by sweating ranks
of oarsmen (mostly slaves and criminals) and a single,

rectangular sail. Such galleys carry all cargoes (about a ton
of gear per oarsman).

The great galley, or galleass, is longer and wider, with
cannons mounted on the fore and stern "castles." It is large \
enough, at 250 tons, to require three masts of lateen sail
(and 50 men to work them). The ship is also tough enough
to withstand the pounding waves of the Atlantic coast (at
least in summertime). The ship's oars are used only when
the galleass makes or leaves port, or during sea battles. The
rowers of galleasses are often well-paid free men who are
needed to fight off boarding parties.

Any passenger cabin inhabited by a noble or well-
paying mage is small, It typically contains a hammock (or

SHIP

11

21

{PUTA

19

26

10,

23

25,
24)

15
412,

14

16

18 17;

19. Ship's Galley
20. Boatswain's Stores
23. Pilot's Cabin

24. Officer's Bunks


perhaps a proper bunk built into a bulkhead); asea chest for
immediate necessities such as cloaks, daggers and spyglasses;
and perhaps a small writing desk. A lantern hangs from a hook
in a low beam overhead. The door might latch, but does not
lock unless the traveler brings his own mechanism.

Rations are plentiful at the beginning of a voyage.
Travelers and sailors are given figs and almonds for break-
fast. The cook serves a hot meal of salted or smoked meat at
midday. The salt air does wonders for any appetite, except
for that of the seasick, and creates a powerful thirst. Wine
(or, less commonly, beer) is served at meals and at sundown.
However, rations decline slowly in both quantity and
quality asa ship travels further from port. Even high-paying
passengers may eat weevily biscuits and drink harsh, sour
wine at the end of a voyage.

The Dockyard

Impressions: The dockyard is where the action is in
any important city, from Zempoala in New Spain to Tidore
in the Indies. Sailors, travelers, slaves and merchants from
all corners of the world swarm into or out of the city in
rhythm with the tides to mingle with and jostle local
citizens. Cries of gulls and polyglot profanity fill the air,
along with the scents of exotic cargoes, saltwater and

sweating longshoremen. The dockyard is a riot ofcolorand 4

noise, even in one of the gray Baltic cities of the Hanseatic
League. Almost anything can happen along the sea shore
without attracting too much attention — if it happens
quickly.

Description: Depending on the quality of the harbor,
ships may berth along many long piers that stretch outward
from shore. The largest and richest ships may seek shelter at
a few coveted anchorages. Small boats — smugglers' ves-
sels, fishermen's craft, water hoys, pilot boats and rowboats
or canoes — litter a bay or inlet's surface and occupy every
available berth.

The piers and quays of a successful deep-water or river
port are made of stone. Those of a new or shallow harbor
consist of wooden beams or even planks, supported by a
tangled web of ropes, cables and spars. A new-money port
might have a mixture of both constructions. Most piers are
one-and-a-half times to twice the length of the local beach
(or the average length of the ships serviced at deep-water
ports). Wagons and carts load and unload cargoes and
rumble away along shore roads (which might be cobble,
brick, gravel or even muddy ruts).

Large ports might have a dry dock or shipyard, a large
pit resembling a quarry, located close to the water. Some

22h

>=

ri rf hy a =
at nv
vy
v f= wel er "
aft "a
arg rs — a,
w 2
v yl os
a | WANS
<= ——— " i
IZ \ ( }
| a / | "
\

i


CRUSADE Yr —
LORE

shipyards have cunning sluice gates that are opened to float
ships out; others depend on brute force to lift vessels into
the water. Ringing hammers join the creaking of shipyard
pulleys and ropes. Carts traveling to and from the city carry
planks, masts, spars and raw lumber. The largest shipyards
are surprisingly fast and efficient; Venice's 60-acre, 2000-
man Arsenal uses interchangeable parts and can build an
entire galley in less than a week!

Beyond the port's shore road squat rows of warehouses,
built low and wide for easy access. Merchants have ware-
houses constructed as cheaply as possible. In some ports,
such as Seville, the amount of cargo delivered far outstrips
warehouse space; goods are simply piled along the strand
under tents and oilcloths that extend for miles, making the
shore seem like a marketplace for giants.

The customs house is often the only notable building
in the dockyard. Traders and shipmasters pay their port
taxes, import and export fees and bribes here. Solid brick or
<} stone construction (and hardened professional guards) make
the customs house stand out. Flags or blazons of the lord of
the port or the local merchants' guilds (or both) reinforce
this statement of power. Merchants meet at the customs
house to discuss their enterprises and make deals with each
other; such transactions are posted on a signboard at a
nearby tavern or even within the walls of the house itself.

Seville's Holy Inquisition maintains a customs office.
Its bright-robed (and notoriously difficult-to-bribe) inspec-
tors check all cargoes (outgoing and incoming) for forbidden
books. The inspectors of other cities under other lords may
search for other things (or people) that are considered
suspicious.

A naval captain may use the customs house as his
headquarters in wartime.

Che City Street

Impressions: The city, like the docks, is bustling. City
streets are rife with potential and greed. Thieves and
prostitutes, water-sellers and artisans ply their trades where
they can as rich burghers and head-low peasants travel by.
On market days, the cries of merchants drown out even
church bells. Carts rumble in bass, countered by the tenor
brays of donkeys and the whinnies of overburdened horses.
Children and pigs squeal and run through the narrow
corridors, and the smell of human closeness mingles with
the odors of dung and wood smoke. Incense temporarily
overpowers these scents near the great churches or mosques.
Elsewhere, the fishmarket's reek dominates. Someone is
selling and someone is buying, someone is stealing and
someone is always suffering.

Description: A main street in.a major city such as Paris
is only 15 feet wide. Others are even more narrow. Travel
through the city in wheeled carriages is slow and impracti-
cal. In many cities, particularly in the old Roman world, the

Wa
SS"

\

MUA
Vu

LN

5

aunty

AV QULLRUA AN

SANE AW
=
N
ay

aT NS

AY
VER URUBIICAY 7) /

Ge

N

NI NS
(

ZN
~}
‘ll


CHAPTER I:
A WORLD OF
: SHADOWS

law forbids wheeled vehicles on the streets before nightfall.
Daylight deliveries are thus made by mules or sweating
laborers. In Italy and Germany these porters are peasants come
to make their fortunes. They are slaves in Spain and Turkey.

In most cities, animal and human dung settles into the
middle of the muddy (or dusty, depending on the season)
streets. Only the sidewalks are clean. Wealthy cities (in
northern Italy and Flanders) have cobbled or bricked streets,
with gutters and sewers that carry away filth. Rushes are
thrown over mud and refuse in other towns, which also cuts
down on the smell.

Most urban buildings are only two or three stories tall.
However, as town land becomes ever more expensive,
newer buildings, especially tenements, are built upward (up
to seven or even 10 stories) rather than outward. These tall
buildings are made of wood; brick is too heavy and cannot
be supported at such heights. In the cities of Turkey and the
Moslem world, high buildings are forbidden by law so
streets are very narrow — two loaded donkeys cannot pass
each other in Constantinople's lanes. Wide streets are the
order of the day only in fabled China, and even there the
vast crowds make rapid travel impossible.

Brick-walled shops, intermingled with the stone houses
of the rich and the wooden shanties and tenements of the
poor, line most streets. Whitewashed stucco glows amber
under Italy's evening sun, and shines a blinding white at
noon. Roofs in the Mediterranean are red tile. Elsewhere,
they range from dull-gray slate or shingles to muddy thatches
to flat adobe. Shops' large doors and shutters are flung wide.
An apprentice or journeyman lurks at every entrance, eager
to make a sale. Wooden awnings over shops shade custom-
ers and can be brought down to cover windows at nightfall
or in case of riots.

Each square, piazza or maidun in the city may contain
a statue or fountain, but definitely has a marketplace — a
town without a market is no town at all. Farmers' sons sell
produce here alongside the stalls of artisans and craftsmen.
A wide street — perhaps 20 feet or more — leads from a
square to a city gate, to allow wagons access to load and
unload.

The small shops and houses of wealthy peasants lie
apart from the marketplace. Many vintners, cattlemen and
orchard tenders live in the city and commute to their farms.
The shops closest to the cathedral or mosque preen in
the largest, cleanest and best-kept market square in the city.
Here, goldsmiths and silversmiths, gem dealers and jewel-
ers, perfumiers and apothecaries keep their clean, prosperous
shops in sturdy, respectable, thick-walled buildings. Cloth-
iers, dyers, weavers and embroiderers depend on fashion for
their trade, and keep quarters near those of the monied
families. Woodcarvers and joiners, potters and chandlers,
farriers and smiths can be found in any city district, given
the universal need for their services. Particularly unclean or
odoriferous establishments such as tanneries or stockyards

are kept as close to city gates as possible, and downwind

from the houses of God (and the rich).

The Cavern

Impressions: The quality of a tavern can be deter-
mined by its odor. If it smells smoky or rancid, it may not suit
refined tastes. On the other hand, at some taverns the
smells of roasting meat, garlic and onions, baking bread and
brewing beer overwhelms those of the animals in the yard
and the men sitting at long tables. Such an establishment
likely offers suitable accommodations for gentlemen.

Most taverns seem dark; their rooms are large and
lamps are expensive. Light filters in from leaded glass
windows by day or is cast a disturbingly short distance from
the fireplace at night. Strangers wait in the shadows to see
what newcomers bring. Newcomers standing in the door-
way wait to see what strangers inside offer.

Description: Important cities such as Rome have hun-
dreds of taverns and inns of all classes, catering to everyone
from the richest merchant princes to the poorest pilgrims.
Roman innsare built ona standard pattern, copied through-
out western Europe: a large front room serves as the common
dining place for travelers and as the dormitory for the poor
or lower class. The hearth, which is often large enough for
two people to stand inside and cook meat on a spit, domi-
nates this refectory. Long tables and benches are surrounded
by fresh straw or rushes. Windows are open until sunset to
let in light and air.

The kitchen is behind the main room and has its own
fireplace for cooking, and sometimes shares a chimney with
the main room's hearth. Rashers of smoked and salted
meats and strings of dried vegetables hang in the pantry
behind a wooden partition or simply in a corner of the
kitchen.

If the tavern is not part of a village or city, it probably
has outbuildings for horses, mules, pigs and cattle and
chickens, Even in the city, the tavern keeper raises pigs and
chickens in the alley or rear garden.

A series of variously sized rooms await their occupants
upstairs. The landlord and his family may live here or in
quarters off the kitchen. Servants sleep in the kitchen.
Serving girls and maids sleep with travelers who have
money. Upstairs rooms have beds and washbasins for rich
travelers (the best rooms have their own fireplaces) or piles
of straw for middle-class wayfarers who can afford to sleep
away from the refectory.

Very well-to-do taverns have cellars for making beer and
storing wine. Poor inns make do with only one fire in the
kitchen. Such an inn boasts no chimneys, only a makeshift
tube that carries some small measure of heat upstairs (and that
pours vast amounts of smoke into the common rooms down-
stairs). There are no casks or hogsheads in poor inns. Wine
must be stored in the kitchen in goat- or pigskins, with
predictable consequences for the flavor.


Greek taverns are common in the Balkans, Turkey,
Persia and the East. Built around a large central court, such
inns often feature a well or fountain. In small inns,
horses, camels and mules stable in the courtyard; in
larger inns, one wall of the courtyard, covered with an
awning and lined with straw, serves as a stable. The
common room is usually on the opposite side of the
courtyard from the gate, and the servants and drivers eat
in the courtyard. The other walls of the courtyard bear
small or large rooms for guests. Important inns, such as
those on main trade or pilgrimage routes, offer sumptu-
ous suites for guests. These rooms not only have beds and

washbasins, but carpets and lamps. However, no Eastern
inn has a fireplace; braziers provide heat.
The best inns maintain a full kitchen and pantry. The

traveler must provide his own food in poor inns. If meat or \

bread isn't brought in personally, the tavern boy has to run
to the village to buy a chicken or rabbit — at significant
expense. Enlightened rulers require inns that sell food and
wine to display their prices prominently on a board in the
common room; some inns boast that their prices are carved
in bronze. Even the best inns serve food to guests on wooden
trenchers or clay bowls with wood or clay spoons, although
enameled and painted water-jugs add an element of color to

TAVERN

Tm

ANCONA STEP

YOUNIS Ny)

LTT ZS IWIN\\ Wt
We AENEAN \ NN
\\ MN) \
f 5 MW nt i
\
2

asa

1. Main Entrance

2. Serving Area

3. Fire Place for Cooking/Heat
4. Thatched Roof

ie CRUSADE Y Fé
CRRA LORE . fay

Nal! fay


=f CHAPTER I: FZ

= 1 ) :

MANOR HOUSE

¥
6
WN Sy Y
=—ct Vs »
: SSRI NNO QW SN
WEA) aS y 2)
S Po SSS SRR YIQQr
SANK)
WY),
WN) \
»
1. Chapel 4. Solar 7. Stairs up to Solar
2. Chapel Altar 5. Squint 8. Main Entrance
3. Great Hall 6. Parlour

the setting. (Forks are noble kickshaws; every traveler uses _ corners, but from the flowing richness of gilding, inlay and
his own knife to cut and eat.) paint that almost obscures the veined marble or dark walnut
beneath. Somewhere, a fountain chatters, echoed by the

The Noble House gurgling of fine wines into a golden goblet or an amethyst

Inshort, if I could feed the touch and the other senses as [feed CUP: Something about that cup may tickle the hair at the back

the sight, this house which I am praising would be to me a paradise. ofamage'sneck—could there be poison mixed within the rich
= Picts Agetinid 1537 vintage? Perhaps the pearl-encrusted velvet arras behind him

E conceals more than a simple wine-steward.
Impressions: The cramped townhouse of a merchant

family, the sprawling country palazzo of a Mediterranean
potentate and the blocky manor house or chateau of a
powerful baron share one important quality: They convey
a sense of opulence, Everywhere the eye looks, it falls on
carvings, frescoes, statuaries, tapestries and brocades. Sta-
tus and position aren't apparent from stark lines or sharp
a

Description: Even in the most modern quarters of
Florence and Venice, the Mediterranean rich man's house
(be he Spanish hidalgo or Turkish pasha) follows the
millennia-old pattern borrowed by the Romans from the
Greeks (who learned it themselves from the Persians). The
house looks inward on a garden, which might hold fruit


aS en CRUSADE »)y 3

home (houses can be very large indeed outside the cramped
quarters of cities), the larger the garden. Some palazzi (such
as the papal palaces and "hunting lodges" in the hills of the
Romagna) feature several gardens. A loggia, a roofed and
pillared gallery looking into the garden, provides light and
breeze to the rooms beyond it. Bright frescoes — usually
pastoral landscapes — shimmer on the loggia walls, creat-
ing the illusion that the garden sits in the center of a calm
and perfect Arcadia.

Old houses, or those in places such as Florence where
urban violence iscommon, turn a haughty face to the street.
Only very small windows and doors pierce the ground floor,
and a high oak gate seals off the courtyard (if any) from the
noise and rabble of the city. Some such houses can be
reached only by retractable ladders or narrow stairs to the
second floor. In upper stories, larger, possibly mullioned
windows admit light and air (although the glass is leaded,
not clear). The thick lower walls of the house serve as both
defense and foundation. for the family quarters above. In
some urban townhouses, the family uses the lower story as
a warehouse. Second stories often overhang the lower, sup-
ported by cantilevers or by pillars salvaged from a local ruin.

Each generation of a family usually maintains a semi-
separate household on its own floor — extended families
live together in the city — with each couple retaining a
suite off a common stairwell. Such an apartment comprises
asalon (where the writing table, and later the writing desk,
might sit), a bedroom (rich curtains hang from the four
posts of the square bed; embroidered scenes of Eros and
Venus decorate the canopy) and asmall toilet room (which
holds a sealed, wide-mouthed jar for waste and a large
perfumed marble basin for washing water). Fireplaces, often
with marble mantels or brick hoods, roar in the bedrooms.
In northern Europe, stoves are more common in noble
houses than are hearths, probably because the region's high
winds make fireplaces smoky.

Architects try to emulate the Florentine system of
suites in the chateaux of France or the Lowlands, yet old
manors maintain the medieval tradition of a series of rooms
off a corridor. Common rooms in the modern European
house include a chapel (usually located close to the entrance),
a dining room (with silver and crystal stored in sideboards
along the walls), a large kitchen and pantry, and a garden.

Carved and inlaid Italian walnut indicates the best
furniture in any wealthy house. Old and blocky pieces in
oak or cherry wood are set aside in small rooms and parlors.
Chairs are often three-legged or resemble the letter "h,"
with carved solid footboards and high backs. Upholstery, if
any, is embroidered velvet. An artist or writer, or one who
patronizes them, might keep folding "Dante chairs," which

are common to studios and galleries.

Every vertical surface of the European noble house

seems to be enmeshed in ornate carvings of vine-leaves,

flowers and cupidons. The walls are painted with elaborate
scenes from legendry, history or mythology, and are adorned
with rich tapestries of hunting and pastoral scenes. Maids
strew the floors with fresh rushes, sweet-smelling herbs and
flowers; carpets are unknown in Europe.

In the city, horses are kept at a nearby livery stable; a
wealthy family might keep a carriage ina building next door
to the main house. The horses stable there, as do the grooms
and other servants needed to maintain the animals and
their equipment. In the country, the loggia of a smaller (or
rustic) villa can double as horses' stalls, or a row of stables
might face onto a second courtyard.

The Laboratory

Impressions: Evena hedge magician's laboratory shows
the signs of power in its athanor, basins or crystals and
possibly in the imperfectly erased chalk marks on its floor.
The laboratory of one of the Awakened glows subtly to a
mage's eyes, reflecting the energies cast off during magickal
rituals, much as the shavings at a goldsmith's bench shine
in the afternoon sunlight. The nature of the laboratory's
aura depends, of course, on the Arts commanded most
consistently here. The laboratory seems more alive, real
and colorful than almost anywhere else in the city. To
mundanes, these same sensations are unnatural and disqui-
eting — things to be feared, not sought out.

Description: Any room that offers enough space to
work —a long attic garret, a large cellar or basement or the
tear room of a townhouse — can serve as a laboratory. It
should have the capacity for an athanor (an alchemical
oven, usually built of bricks, and roughly the size and shape
of a hot tub), a conventional fireplace, a long table for
working and a bench on which to sit. Ideally, enough floor
space remains for a large pentacle or two, even if the bench
has to be moved.

Flat, whitewashed stucco covers the walls; a mage can
work out careful calculations on a white wall using a lump
of charcoal from the fire. It's far cheaper than using exorbi-
tantly priced paper and parchment. Books are even more
expensive (the earliest printed books cost the same as 30
pounds of beef), and binding is left to the buyer. The mage
of limited means therefore has to choose between one or
two texts lovingly bound in leather (with enough room for
the inevitable marginal notes) or many texts sewn between
boards or even kept unbound in oilcloth wraps. These
books are probably kept in a cedar chest to avoid rot and
sparks (the latter of which is always a danger in the labora-
tory of the practical alchemist).

Rows of shelves hang on a laboratory walls or perhaps
all along one wall, as in an apothecary's establishment (an
apothecary makes an excellent tenant for a prosperous
mage). These shelves hold jars, flasks and bottles of brass,
glass and glazed clay. Herbs, powders, roots, gems and ingots
of metal (and less identifiable things) lurk inside these jars.


CHAPTER I:
A WORLD OF
SHADOWS

{| Small braziers, candleholders, mortars and pestles, sieves,
mirrors, spheres of blown glass, smelting pans, basins, flasks,
beakers, engraving tools, tongs and metalworking hammers
| lie scattered on the worktable like a routed army or wait
stored in their slots in precise array. If there is room, a
second table may hold another athanor or a series of
distilling flasks and tubes made of shining beaten copper.
Good light is important; a skylight or lamp-brackets (or
both) must be present.

Depending on the mage's style, another item could
rival the athanor in importance (or even replace it in some
laboratories). Astrologers might keep an orrery, a mechani-
cal model of the cosmos. For Kabbalists, a copy of the Torah,
Koran or Bible might hold a place of pride on a rosewood
stand, with an abacus kept nearby for calculating permuta-
tions. Scryers might use a speculum (a polished metal
mirror), a basin or a crystal. Any of these items draws the
visitor's eye immediately, even if the object's purpose is not
immediately apparent.

Che Dungeon

Impressions: Centuries of agony radiate from the
stone walls of the oldest dungeons, but in these witch-

hunting, heretic-burning times, even the newest ones are
black with murder and the spirits of vengeance. These
places throb with evil to even the least sensitive mage.
Prolonged darkness, dampness and ignorance combine to
reduce even the strongest man to a quivering, blind imbe-
cile. The only sounds are of skittering rats, the shrieks of the
tortured and the gibbering of fellow prisoners. The roast-
ing-pork smell of burning human flesh only occasionally
overcomes the stink of rotting corpses and filth.

Description: The dungeon of any castle or monastery

is in the cellar. It might be dry or perhaps lit by arrow slits
high above the floor, but probably isn't. The majority of
dungeons are dark and forbidding places, even if they were
once simple storerooms. Those built under the walls of a
castle, in the space between foundation stones, are the most
oppressive, even under a relatively benevolent lord; they can
never be ventilated without endangering the castle's stability.

In old castles, prisoners are cheap and space is at a
premium. These dungeons have the infamous "standing &

rooms" (four-foot-by-four-foot pits with no room to lie ¥
down). They might also have even smaller chambers with

grilles above, through which brutal guards feed gruel and
water. Old dungeons might have oubliettes, lightless shafts

ee 4 ARNE A ACH CTA 727, i
7 inom

| ~ mh re tit ‘N

ami A

ay

(rg

Ms iG)
N(R C

Mis | My HN

ANY
ANY N
/\

7

fity
‘ Neca
aa foment

"WS y
aid


=——VNCSNS

ZITA

AY

fe CRUSADE
LORE

into which the powerful drop their enemies and forget
about them. Prisoners confined to an oubliette struggle
wearily to live as best they can on rats and the bodies of their
cellmates before the inevitable disease, madness and death
overtake them.

In large dungeons, prisoners are confined in cages
made of iron-plated wood or crossed iron bars that are set in
serried ranks along the ground. Chains suspend some cages
above the floor. A hanging prison actually seems like a
kindness when the dungeon floods and rats are forced into
cells with prisoners. The dungeon in the Tower of London
lies well below the Thames high-water mark: the hordes of
rats that live in the tower docks invade the dungeon
regularly.

Most dungeons are pitch dark. Lords build their walls
thick and windowless to prevent escapes and communica-
tion with the outside world. Lords also begrudge the waste
of expensive torches and lanterns on prisoners. The combi-
nation of bad air, rats, corpses and human waste makes
dungeons breeding grounds for diseases of the body. The
impenetrable gloom and inhuman noises also breed dis-
eases of the mind. Light enters a dungeon only when guards
do, as they bring in food or water in wooden or clay vessels,
or when they bring in new prisoners. Sometimes guards
escort the torturer on his rounds; the light they carry serves
only to amplify the terror hidden by the dark.

Torture implements might be stored in the common
dungeon if prisoners are well-chained or are locked in
individual cells or cages. Otherwise, the tools are kept in a
separate, convenient chamber. Ruddy firelight both reveals
and heats these tools whenever they're used. The thumb-
screw, boot and rack are all quite popular, but the red-hot
poker, pincers and tongs are cheap, universal and effective.
The inexpense of the "Italian rack" makes it the most
popular torture device of its kind. It consists of two iron
rings set about four feet high in opposite walls that are
located roughly seven feet apart, a handy length of chain for
fastening a prisoner, anda razor-sharp spike, also about four
feet high, between the two rings. The prisoner, once fas-
tened to both rings, must stretch his muscles constantly
(and painfully) to avoid relaxing onto the spike and maim-
ing or killing himself. The cheap, sadistic and effective
Italian rack epitomizes the Renaissance dungeon.

The Catacombs

And often did I enter there the crypts, deep dugin the earth,
with their walls on either side lined with the bodies of the dead,
where everythingis so dark that it almost seems as if the psalmist's
words were fulfilled: Let them go down alive into hell.

— St. Jerome

Impressions: Catacombs are dark and confining, like
the ritual passage through the night into initiation. Occa-
sional shafts of dirty, reflected sunlight shine down from
lucernaria, shafts cut into the ceiling. These pale beams, or

the flickering shadows of a torch or lantern, show only a few
feet of rough-hewn volcanic stone and perhaps a hastily
drawn picture of a saint or prophet. Everywhere else re-
mains the realm of the dead. They lie underfoot in formae, |
they rest stacked in loculi in the sides of the walls, and they
repose in stone sarcophagi in the center of the vaulted
cubiculae from which the winding passages depart. The
scents of incense and myrrh from times past still seems to
hang in the air, and to carry the nervous whispers of the
persecuted. This is the country of the sacred dead, hidden
from their enemies. It would be easy to become lost here,
with neither sun nor stars to guide you.

Description: Lying beneath the ancient quarters of
Rome, Syracuse, Naples and other great Imperial cities, the
laboriously carved catacombs twisted and crept through the @
living rock over centuries of persecution. Some passages, es
especially the great ceremonial ways beneath Rome, are
relatively straight, making doglegs only where a shaft of
hard rock defied the picks. Other tunnels twist and wind,
with steep flights of stairs leading up or down seemingly at
random. The passages can narrow enough to force a visitor
to crouch, or they may open into vaulted processionals that
are 10 feet high. A deep cistern, still full of cleverly diverted
rainwater, interrupts a path occasionally. Rats find little to
eat in the catacombs; the passages do not connect with the
basements of the city's granaries or mansions, or even with
its sewers. Rather, the paths connect with hidden wells that
provide rare shafts of sunlight, or they meet obscure tombs
in the ancient cemeteries.

Where light is present, paintings, carvings and mosaics
are visible. The pieces were made by the ancient Christians
who fled underground from Roman law, and by the Jews and 47>
heretics who fled the later Christian emperors. The tombs OOW
of many early popes, decorated with carved pillars, passages on Uv
from Scripture and scenes of Christ triumphant, lie beneath SA
Rome. The faithful scraped and painted the walls of these
chambers smooth or even built them out of stuccoed brick.
The ceilings are still dark and sooty from centuries of torch
and lamp smoke.

Some vaults contain things other than tombs — many
people used the catacombs as living quarters during particu-
larly fierce persecutions. Grave robbers stole most items
long ago, leaving only thronelike chairs or benches or table
slabs carved from the volcanic rock itself. Occasional
"shelves," often decorated with battlements like miniature
castles, jut from the walls. Only graves remain of the people
who lived here. The remaining pick marks and paintings
are mute testimony to the strength of their beliefs.

The Graveyard

Impressions: The slight odor of sanctity emanating
from the nearby church is overwhelmed by the miasma of
disease, death and corruption that rises from the greasy
earth. Lime hangs strong in the air where the poor lie buried


CHAPTER I:
A WORLD OF
= SHADOWS

in mass graves. The scent of laurels, yews and cypresses
fights a losing battle against the fetid stench of the
decomposing dead. Clusters of marble and stone tombs
stand like snobbish widows at a feast, looking down on
the well-turned soil that is spangled with wooden crosses
and the occasional stone plaque. The buzzing of flies
underlies the murmured prayers of the recently bereaved.

Description: In Europe, the rich demand burial as
close to the church as possible; beneath the edifice itself
in many cases. The Episcopal crypt beneath the altar is
usually restricted to the bodies of bishops and abbots, but
sextons can always pry up flagstones of the nave and lay
a body to rest beneath them for a sufficient donation.
Eventually only inscriptions remain as enterprising
churchmen covertly dispose of bodies to make room for
new arrivals. Many churches (or their unscrupulous care-
takers) make a tidy profit selling displaced corpses' rich
funerary jewelry and coffin handles to artists and other
metalworkers.

When the rich cannot buy burial within the church,
they claim fine tombs in the churchyard. These crypts
can be large family, affairs holding generations of nobles
or merchant princes; or they can be single monuments to
one man's post mortem vanity. The sculptures of crypts
are often more grand than any in the church; the rich
compete to have the gaudiest tombs, just as they contend
for everything else in the city. Lavish funerals lead
inevitably to grave robbing on a large scale, and to a
thriving black market in grave goods.

Crypts are built of marble or whitewashed stone.
One might replicate the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem if
the entombed was noted for his piety or had made a
BOR pilgrimage to Jerusalem. Other crypts are modeled after
Kesh Greek or Roman funerary temples. Rich families con-
ISS sider their tombs personal property beyond the
jurisdiction of Church or nobility. The personal flags of
the wealthy families of Florence fly over their graves and
crypts, creating a bizarre carnival atmosphere. Then
again, flags flapping and creaking against their posts at
night might seem more ominous than festive.

The graves of the middle class display less decora-
tion, and less attention is paid to them. Some might
boast a marker stone, but only ina very literate society or
in a Jewish cemetery, which is cleaner and better main-
tained than a Christian cemetery. A cross or a carving of
a skull, a memento mori, is also common. A knight's
resting place might bear a stone with a sword carved into
it. A sculptor might cast the image of death or a patron
saint over his own plot, or on the plot of someone who
can afford his work.

The graves of the urban poor are unmarked and
communal, like the houses in which they lived. Diggers
stack cheap coffins or shroud-wrapped bodies like

to make room for the new. In some churchyards, wardens
pile extra earth up to the lowest crypt windows to make
more room for the dead. Islamic graveyards do not suffer
from overcrowding; Islamic law mandates the placement
of graveyards well outside of cities for sanitary reasons.

Graveyards might also be used as rubbish heaps, as is
the practice in Edinburgh and other cities with restricted
access to open water. This only adds to the problems of
disease, vermin and filth — not to mention the horrors
of demons and ghouls, who are well-known to feast upon
the dead.

Che Forest

Impressions: Man's encroachment is apparent at
the forest fringe. Here, the forest is an extension of
village economy and is full of hunters, charcoal-burners
and coppicers. At its heart, the forest is the antithesis of
civilization. Trees are masters of this domain, and grudg- &
ingly give light to the lesser plants beneath them. Animals
move through the trees, birds cry and sing, and the smell
of green, growing things hangs in the air. The Sphere of
Life beats strong here, and magi attuned to that force feel
it coursing through their own veins and limbs.

Description: The dominant tree in any wood deter-
mines the forest's character, and depends in turn on the
soil and water nearby. Pines, which dominate the Black
Forest and the woodland seas of Poland and Muscovy,
grow where winters are cold and soil lies over limestone.
In these "pine barrens," carpets of needles silence foot-
steps and keep the ground warm for saplings, but there is
little other underbrush. Other conifers, like spruce and
firs, follow this pattern. The thick needles and fronds of
conifer groves muffle sounds, creating an uncanny sense
of stillness.

Silence of a more ominous sort hangs over yew
stands. The trees are poisonous, and nothing else grows
in a yew alley. The abominations protrude from the pale
chalky earth like ribs from a rotting corpse. Even light
slanting through yew boughs looks wan or lurid. Yews
almost always grow in small groves; coppicers and other
woodsmen endeavor to trim them into hedges.

Oak forests, such as Sherwood or the New Forest in
England, are more forgiving than the aristocratic pines
and despotic yews. Oaks prefer sunny land with plentiful
water, on which almost all plants and other trees thrive.
Stands of beeches, chestnuts and apple trees spring up
among oaks, especially in France. A riot of flowers and
ferns, hollies and berry vines emerges below. Deep in the
green, thickets grow heavy with berries and thorns. Such
undergrowth is quite common near streams and pools,
where it shares space with rushes and cattails. This boscage
can actually choke out trees in some portions of the forest.


CRUSADE
LORE

Wise nobles allow peasants to cut back the under-
brush and dried timber in their woodlands every three to
seven years, letting new trees grow to replace those felled
for houses and furniture. These brush-cutting paths (and
those used by charcoal-burners and poachers) parallel the }
winding trails used by game animals. The sides of paths
are scored with stumps and fallen logs; after a storm, a
heavy oak may lie athwart a path and force everyone,
animal and man alike, to blaze a different trail. Lichens
and mosses grow on these fallen giants, and mushrooms
shelter beneath their roots. Masses of ivy take advantage
of the break in the tree cover where a tree has fallen and
send creepers throughout the woods.

Oaks can grow to 25 feet or more in circumference,

and even peasants (acorn flour makes a nutritious bread).
Forests are also great sources of game, from deer and boar
to pheasants and grouse. In some woods, meadows are
home to badgers or rabbits. Others meadows have wide
expanses of heath and moor where the soil is too harsh to
allow trees to flourish. Waterfowl nest in ponds and low-

lying marshes here, and chipmunks and field mice tunnel Jreavs

under bushes of gorse and thistle.

The Camp

Impressions: A camp is marked by a circle of fire-
light, reflecting off tents or wagons and barely holding
the night at bay. Thousands of stars shine down from
Heaven, obscured occasionally by aromatic smoke from |
wet branches and from roasting meat. There might be
singing or story telling, although the noise carries far in
the night air. Travelers are better served to spend their
time listening for the scrape of a brigand's shoe or the
growl of a prowling panther. A rich camp has guards to
stand vigil, but is still a tempting target for local thieves.
Men on the road make both friends and enemies quickly,
in the spirit of transience that such travel instills.

Description: Travel amounts to finding someone
who is going the same direction, and joining in. Travel-
ing groups, whether they are pilgrims in Europe or caravans
in Asia, beat paths and roads through the wilds. Hostels

lie along these routes in civilized empires, offering shel- sf

ter, fuel and sometimes even dried beans or grain for food.
In other places, there are known campsites and oases
where those who have gone before have rested. A native
guide is often a wise investment; without knowing where
the next well is, a party can kill its animals or even die of
thirst and hunger itself. Of course, there is always the risk
that the friendly guide is in league with bandits and waits
to lead unwary travelers into a trap.

Traveling parties of magi may suffer fewer problems
of this sort, but even they are advised to stay on roads, if
only to be sure of their direction and to make the best
speed. Couriers on relays of horses can make 40 miles a


= SHADOWS

rs if

rf CHAPTER I: aye

$f day or more. Parties of men and mules without fresh

mounts are lucky to cover 10 miles in normal weather. In
the Mediterranean world and the East, the ruins of
/ Roman or Persian hostels line the roads. Local families
{ also make their living taking in travelers. Shelters are
farther apart in the wilds of eastern Germany, Poland
and Russia, and travelers make less time since they must
bring their own food, water and protection with them.
Portable shelters consist of skin tents, sometimes
with a fire hole in the peak of the roof. In forested
country, a hired man or local woodsman can build a lean-
to of saplings and branches. Starting a fire is essential
and usually easy; flint and steel are commonplace, even

for peasants. Fuel sometimes presents more difficulties;
charcoal is available in any village, but is bulky to carry
on the road. Water is the other difficulty — it weighs

find in the wilds. Access to such necessities is another
reason why most travelers stay to roads; earlier pilgrims
have cut the paths to places where they can be found.

Travelers should hunt for food wherever game can }
be had (although this slows travel), and should smoke it
for use when pickings are slim. Bread goes bad very
quickly (especially after rain soaks saddlebags) and takes
up space best reserved for feed for mules or horses; bread
and cheese are staples that can usually be found along the

1. Main Entrance
2. Sleeping Area
3. Food Preparation Area
4. Hearth

5. Windows

6. Storage

7. Tiled Roof

COTTAGE


ae CRUSADE

way. After a fourth or fifth meal of moldy bread and tepid
creek water, even the most solitary mage may regret
having traveled on her own!

Che Cottage

Impressions: The common family's residence may
be clean, or it may sit in resigned filth. It may bustle with
activity, or molder quietly in the waste. It may smell of
new rushes and oatmeal, or of unwashed animals and
mildewing thatch. No matter its condition, the cottage
is poor, and life within it is an unrelieved routine of
boring sameness. Only watching children play and grow
gives any meaning to life here. Cottagers make the
occasional stranger a topic of conversation and gossip for
years.

Description: Cottagers build their homes cheaply,
from readily available materials. In lands such as Ger-
many, France or eastern Europe, plentiful forests give
rise to timber-framed homes covered in wattle and daub.
In countries where stone is abundant, peasants build
their hovels of fieldstone mortared with clay. Sun-dried
mud bricks make up cottage walls where neither stone
nor timber is cheap (Italy, Spain and the Moslem East).
Most cottage floors are dirt; rushes and clover cover
floors in season.

A peasant cottage is 20 or 30 feet long and 10 or 20
feet wide, centered on a fireplace (with a chimney, if the
family has a little extra money) or a hearth. During the
winter, livestock lives inside with the family for extra
warmth, separated from the main room by a wooden or
wicker screen. (A chicken coop, unlike a barn, is usually
small and close enough to the house that it remains
warm.) Oiled canvas or parchment covers the window
(two in large houses), or simple wooden shutters hang
over holes in the walls. Cottage dwellers leave their
windows open whenever possible to bring light and air
into the close confines of the house. The roof is almost
invariably thatched straw, sometimes planted with ivy or
berry vines.

A small loft might lie underneath the roof if the
cottage is large. The farmer and his wife sleep amid the
warm straw and dried cheese and onions stored in the
loft. In a house without such accommodations, everyone
sleeps around the fireplace, wrapped in cloaks or woolen
blankets. The family garden grows behind the cottage. It
might boast turnips or cabbages in season or even herbs.
A hole in the ground at the end of the garden serves as
a privy; sometimes a shack is built over it to reduce the
smell.

Furniture consists of a table, a bench and a tub or
two. A cast-iron pot, a cauldron and a basin hold water
or cook soup. Wooden or earthenware plates, an ax, a
spade and a knife complete the inventory of a peasant's

housewares. A "wealthy" serf might have a stool, a [Q
wooden bed or even a chair made from an old barrel.
With a little skill and patience, a new mother can make
acradle from a barrel end or from a piece of canvas hung
from the roof.

In Persia and Turkey, peasants don't even have
these few goods. A brazier replaces the fireplace, carpets
and mats replace chairs and benches, and cottage dwell-
ers use a copper basin and skewers rather than pots and
plates. Wealthy peasants in the East might also have a
cedar chest for extra blankets and cloaks. Stone or
pottery jars hold water, cider and homemade beer, and a
barrel catches rainwater. Water is kept outside, while
cider and beer are stored in the loft or in a crude root-
cellar, if one is available. Most water comes from a well
or anearby stream. If there is a stream, the women do any
washing there.

The Village Square

Impressions: Visitors can discern the prosperity of a
village by looking at its church or mosque. If stained-
glass windows or delicate scrollwork grilles reflect the
glories of God, the village prospers. If its church hunches
tumbledown and weather-beaten, the village struggles to
survive. The square in front of the church is the village
social center, marketplace and center of entertainment.
Anything eventful that occurs in the village is staged
here, under the carved eyes of some ancient monolith or
imposing saint — the prosperous keep house, the sheriff
drills the militia, the parish priest holds Carnival, and
desperate men call for revolt. A church is the heart, eyes
and brain of the community, and the village's character
is reflected here.

Description: The local church or mosque dominates
the village square. The house of God is the center of any
community from Ireland to India. All roads lead here,
and the population of the surrounding countryside at-
tends holy days and festivals held here. The churchyard lies
behind the structure, and a garden grows nearby, particu-
larly if the church doubles as a monastery or convent.

The village smithy also sits near the square, where
the blacksmith can fix, build or melt down all the myriad

tools of country life. The smith often serves as the

temporal leader of the village, adding a third voice to
those of the priest (the village's spiritual leader) and the
bailiff, steward or sheriff (the noble's man). The bailiff's
house may overlook the square, but he probably lives
near the manor, outside the village proper. The lord's
justice maintains a presence in the square. Stocks or
pillories for criminals are set up here, under the eyes of
God and man. The carpenter's establishment might also
face the common, and could be joined by those of the
cooper and the wheelwright. A tavern often completes


3y 7 CHAPTER I: Pica Gy = ZS
A WORLD OF LEK KREG

VGA the square, allowing the notable men of the village to see
any strangers in town for themselves, and to hear news
first as befits their station.

Wealthy villages might have a fountain or may brick
their plazas over to allow carts to travel more easily. Such
villages hold market day in the square from spring to
harvest, and may attract traveling players, tinkers or
others who normally come to town only for Carnival,
before Lent. Buyers and sellers haggle and bicker in the
village square or, more often, use the church courtyard or
nave for their business. In Seville, merchants meet on
the steps of a ruined mosque.

Relatively rich villages often have a town hall,
assuming a village is not under the suzerainty of a lord.
The local judge lives and holds court in the hall. Dis-
putes are settled under the curious eyes of passersby. A
clock might sit in the steeple of the church or in the face
of the town hall, although this is rare outside Switzerland
and southern Germany. More often, the chiming of
church bells keeps the time.

ere} hose who cannot deploy their war machines
& effectively are in trouble.

— General Du Mu

chines. Though they lack the flexibility of living things, §
such devices can wreak havoc in a dozen different ways.
Cannons reduce walls to rubble. Mantlets protect their
crews as battering rams hammer down castle gates. Rocket
racks, often mounted on large shields or frameworks, send
explosives flying into armies or over walls. "Fire shields"
keep their rockets in place and spray the enemy with jets of
flame. Tried-and-true ballistae and catapults lob huge spears
or rocks into the fray. With such devices, the armies of mage
and mortal alike reduce grand castles to their foundations
and end the reign of mythic beasts.

= Sse

WH OT Z


AA

dS

)

CRUSADE
LORE

The Sorcerers Crusade describes several types of
cannon and firearms; the following weapons are more
exotic, but no less effective. Specific game mechanics for
these items are provided in the War Machines charts, on
pages 24-25.

Rockets and Incendiaries

Rockets can hurtle the length of a battlefield and
blow the enemy to bits (or they can explode on the spot).
Invented by the Chinese Dalou'laoshi, rockets and fire-
lances make risky but effective weapons. Indeed, by
combining these items with Greek Fire "flame-throwers,"
elite Daedalean troops can devastate a conventional
fighting force. Magi and their companions are more
capable of standing against such forces; clever sorcerers
can use weavery to set incendiaries' greatest flaw — their
tendency to explode at the wrong time — against
artillerists. The results can be... messy; fire inflicts ag-
gravated damage.

Rockets range from small fireworks to huge missiles.
Several types are listed on the heavy weapons chart, but like
cannons, rockets are individual creations. An artillerist sets

the trajectory, lights the fuse and runs. A successful roll puts
the burst where it should go, a failed one indicates a misfire
or miss, anda botch sets the rocket off on the launch-frame.

e A fire-shield bundles a dozen or more rockets onto a
single frame that's aimed at the enemy. When lit, the }
rockets spray him with fire. A fire-lance consists of a single
rocket carried on a long pole. Such weapons burn for
roughly five minutes and incinerate everything within a
cone in front of the framework. The artillerist aims the
machine, lights it and gets out of the way. A botched roll
sets the whole works off prematurely, devastating the entire
area and anyone in it.

© Flame-throwers pump Greek Fire (a flaming liquid
similar to 20th-century napalm) through metal nozzles,
dousing a target with incendiary goo.Small model can be
carried by one (very brave) man; larger machines are
mounted on ships or vehicles. Either type explodes if hit by
flaming projectiles or random sparks.

© Greek Fire is a vicious weapon in and of itself. Most
armies have forgotten its secrets by the 15th century,

although the Craftmasons and Artificers have not. "The &

fire that cannot die" reminds many folks of Hell-flame;


CHAPTER I:
A WORLD OF
= SHADOWS

water cannot douse it, and smothering merely spreads it.
This concoction blazes until there is nothing left to burn.
Elemental magick diminishes or spreads it, as desired, but
few other spells affect it.

¢ Boiling oil, tar, pitch and lead are poured from the
walls of besieged castles and swirl in the cauldrons of the
executioner. A character exposed to such infernal weapons
suffers agonizing burns. Boiling liquids seep through cracks
and seams, often negating armor's protection, or heats
metal plates to seething temperatures. Worse, such materi-
als stick, cool and harden, becoming one with whatever
they touch. Anyone unfortunate enough to survive such
fiery dousing bears the scars for life.

Old-Fashioned Siege Machines

Catapults and ballistae hurl huge rocks or bolts with
enough force to shatter stone walls. Such weapons can
take several minutes to aim and hours to adjust; once
aimed, however, they can rain destruction on their
targets at a rate of one or two shots every five minutes (or
as fast as one a minute for a trained ballista crew).

With no explosive components, these machines are
far safer and more common than other, more delicate
forms of artillery. A failed attack roll simply reflects a
missed shot. A botched Artillery roll means disaster —
snapped ropes, cracked beams, runaway winches — but
the consequences are far less severe than are the huge
explosions of failed rockets or cannons. Some siege crews
do equip their machines with flaming bolts or explosive
loads, but that kind of ammunition is expensive and
treacherous. Daedalean attackers use incendiary pay-
loads more often than un-Enlightened artillerists,
especially when Daedaleans' targets are mystick cov-
enants or Infernal strongholds. And when assaults are
staged against such enemies, catapults are rarely the
latest advances employed....

¢ A battering ram boasts a hard metal head affixed to
a stout oak trunk. Swung from chains inside a wooden
mantlet (see below), the ram smashes holes in gates and
weakened walls. It takes a fair-sized crew to move and
employ a ram; a titanically strong man might be hale
enough to swing a ram in its chains, but would be unable
to move it otherwise.

War DMachines

Battlefield artisans contrive huge war machines —
mantlets (wheeled shields), siege towers, mobile ballistae,
giant corkscrew-bores — to topple enemy strongholds.
Built on site by skillful craftsmen, these amazing ma-
chines mingle defensive and offensive technology into
nigh-unstoppable warcraft. Pulled by horses, dragged by
peasants or driven by clockworks, war machines deliver
an intimidating punch that goes far beyond their physi-
cal weaponry. The mere sight of one has broken armies'

—_e

spirits. Fireproofed and shielded by metal and wet hides,
siege machines are damned near impossible to stop by
mortal means.

Of course, defending magi can use fire spells, sum-
moned demons, sudden rot and other, less obvious
weaveries to turn a war machine into junk. Yet, on the
other side of the wall, a touch of Daedalean genius can
turn an improbable design into a terrifying mechanical
monster. Un-Awakened craftsmen can devise powerful
war engines with little help from their Enlightened
colleagues; historically, Renaissance-era armies employ
self-propelled siege engines, flame-throwing mantlets,
war gliders (in China), poison-gas mortars and even
primitive tanks. When the Arts of Shaping and Forces
are focused through a mechanical weapon, the possibili-
ties are horrific indeed.

The "secret history" elements of The Sorcerers Cru-
sade allow a Storyteller to introduce clockwork beasties,

war balloons, armored carriages and a host of other weird &

inventions to the battlefield. The Artificers have a free
hand during this period; many machines that theoretically
shouldn't work roll into battle anyway— and prevail.

In story terms, a war machine is a plot element —
huge, intimidating, difficult to harm and dangerous to
oppose. The War Machines Chart lists several sample
vehicles, but you're encouraged to vary those templates.
Each artisan and Artificer has his own pet theories; given
access to a king's treasury, a would-be Daedalus might
create all sorts of inventions.... It's usually easier to
describe a machine, what it does and what happens to it
in narrative than it is to reduce the device to Traits and
dice rolls. Let the following Traits be your guide when
dice must be rolled:

© Maneuverability: Driving a vehicle requires the
Craft (Coachman) Skill; a truly advanced war machine
might demand its very own driving Specialty. Vehicles are
large and bulky, even at their best; this Trait indicates the
maximum Dice Pool a driver can bring to bear. A failed or
botched roll might tip a vehicle, dump it into a ditch, back
it into a corner or crash it.

© Speed: Vehicles are slow; this Trait indicates how
many yards the machine can move per turn at full speed. It
may, of course, move much slower over broken ground or
other hazards. In many cases, significant deterrents keep
the machine from moving forward at all.

© Armor: This Trait measures the thickness of the
craft's walls and the successes needed to punch through
them with a damage roll. The first number indicates the
difficulty of damage rolls; the second gives the successes
needed to penetrate the wood or metal.

© Weapons: The punch that devices bring to bear. A
mortal man is pulp if he goes up against a machine in most
cases. Magi have a better chance, but no one wants to get hit
by one of these things.

Vj

t,
i
\

Tz

{_—_—_


CRUSADE
LORE

Heavy Weaponry

Rockets and Incendiaries

Name Difficulty Damage
Hand Grenade (1*) 8
Rocket, small 8 8
Rocket, average 7 10
Rocket, huge 6 15
Fire-lance 7 (3*)
Fire-shield (4*) (3*)
Flame-thrower, small 7 (3*)
Flame-thrower, large 6 (3*)
Greek Fire N/A (3*)
Tar or Oil 6 (3*)
Additional Notes

Range (yards)
10
300
300

600

5 (cone)
16 (cone)
20

30
(above)

O(poured)

1: Range = Distance to Target divided by thrower's Strength.
2: Fired in sets; Rate depends on the number of rockets in a set (1-10).
3: Fire damage forces target to soak; damage depends on intensity of the fire. See "Mortality"

in the Sorcerers Crusade rulebook. May also ignite flammable items.

4:Shoots fire in a small cone in front of lance;

(who, on a bad roll, might burn himself, too).

Siege Machines

Range (yards)

Name Difficulty (1*) Damage

Ballista, small 8 8 300
Ballista,large 8 10 500
Battering Ram N/A 10-14 N/A
Catapult 10 15 800

1: Against a human-sized living target; -1 difficulty against large living target,
large moving object, -3 difficulty against large stationary object.

Rate
1
(2*)
(2*)

(2*)"
1

1
1(3 turns)
1(5 turns)
1

1

Rate
1/3
1/4

1

1/5

Notes
Explosive
Explosive; one use
Explosive; one use
Explosive; one use
Fire , diff. 5,
intensityl; one use
Fire diff. 7,
intensity2; one use
Fire, diff. 7,
intensity 2
Fire, diff. 7,

intensity 3

Fire, diff. 7,

intensity 2-3 Boiling
Like fire, diff. 6,
intensity 2

target must be directly in front of weapon-user

Notes

Crew of 2

Crew of 3

Crew of 6-16

Crew of 5

-2 difficulty against


me f(C- CHAPTER I:

A WORLD OF
SHADOWS

War Machines

Machine . Maneuverability Speed Armor
Armored Chariot ee 20 6
Clockwork Automaton(1*) N/A : 10 5
Clockwork Beast(1*) N/A 15 S53
Clockwork Tank ~ 3 10 8-10
Corkscrew Tank 2B} 10 10
War Balloon, small 6 (2*) 4
War Balloon, Multi-decked 4 (2*) 6
Skyrigger 5 (2*) 1

Weapons
Two slashing blades(6 dice);
two-four wheellock rifles or
one small cannon.

Strength 6-10; possibly

blades (Strength + 3), small
flame-throwers or battering ram.
Strength 6-8; claws & teeth
(See "Bite;""Claw" on Hand-
to-Hand Combat chart)

Spikes (4 dice); four-eight
wheellock rifles and/or cross-
bows; possibly one-two small
cannons, or one large ballista
or flame-thrower; also 3-6 armed
crewmen.

One giant awl-device (for boring
through walls);four wheel-
lock rifle ports; also 6-8 armed
crewmen. %

Four small cannons or ballistae;
also 4-6 armed crewmen.
Six-10 small cannons; four small
ballistae;possiblybombs (10 die
explosion); also 10-20 armed
crewmen.

Six-12 small cannons; two row
cannons; four-six small ballistae;
grapples and often large slashing
blades (8 dice damage against
large attackers); also 20-40
armed crewmen.

1: A self-propelled machine that acts like a living creature. No intelligence to speak of — destroys everything
in sight. May be crewed by a pilot for more control. Tends to run down after six-eight turns,

2; Flight only; speed depends on winds — may be as slow as 10 yards/turn or as swift as 30. Requires at least
one man on rudder at all times, and may demand more crewmen to handle sails or balloon. Such handling requires
Dexterity + Crafts (Skyrigger). Machine is also unstable — balloon may rip or explode during combat or Scourge

backlash, dumping (or incinerating) occupants. Balloon Armor: 4.



CHAPTER II:
THE PLAY'S
THE THING

a =

All things that are

Made for general uses are at war, —

Even we among ourselves.

— John Fletcher, "Upon an Honest Man's Fortune"

his chapter is dedicated to players and
their characters. The Storyteller is en-
couraged to share these new concepts,
Merits and Flaws, and Traits so that play-
E\jers may expand upon the character
gett} possibilities offered by The Sorcerers
Crusade. You can also apply these qualities to your own
characters, the ones whom the protagonists meet, love,
struggle with and fight.

You have complete authority over these additions; they
may not suit your chronicle, or could unbalance charac-
ters' involvement in stories or their relative power. You
have final word on what new Traits are available in your
game.

Concepts

AE

y father named me Autolycus; who being, as
I am, littered under Mercury, was likewise
a snapper-up of unconsidered trifles.

— William Shakespeare, The Winter's
Tale

We may notalways be what our professions

make us, but it would be foolish to assume that what we do has
no bearing on who we are and what we know. Our careers
shape us in the 20th century. Now extrapolate that phenom-

enon over to the stratified, socially confining Dark Fantastic
world: You're believed to be born to astation in life; to disagree
would be to flout the wisdom of God. In the grand scheme of
things, peasants will never be anything more than that. Their 4
place in the scheme of things determines what they can do,
what they can own and where they can live, and their position
establishes their fundamental rights (or lack thereof). The
nobility, on the other hand, are born to extensive rights and
privileges, and have the freedom to do and be what they
choose. This is the social order into which Renaissance
characters are born.

Magi, belonging to no social group or class, defy the order.
Society has no immediate role for them that defines their
status. Magi are therefore dangerous, examples to others who
could also defy the system. Magi are also persecuted because
they're frightening; few ever seek to be more than they're born
as, and magi's rebellion terrifies those who accept their own
fate. Yet even magi are the products of their outsider positions
and birthrights. If nothing else, assuming their roles is where
their greater lives began.

Since 15th-century occupations and birth roles aren't
exactly common knowledge in the 20th century, some
"character concepts" are provided here to inspire your own
histories. These are springboards for character backgrounds
and motivations; see the Appendix of The Sorcerers Cru-
sade for other insights, Traits and details.

CRUSADE

KS LORE

You capture the miracle of life. Vital, perceptive, free of the
constraints of ignorance — you and your work embody this new age.
¥ God's creation isa living thing; the Greeks and Romans realized this,
and you strive to follow their example. Yourhands and eyes are always
busy painting, sculpting, sketching or perhaps experimenting with
music. If you're fortunate, you have a patron who supports your work.
Otherwise, it's a hobby for the twilight hours. A truly lucky artist has
time to follow the latest innovations — perspective, color theory,
architecture — and Classical achievements dredged from the ruins.
If you don't have that luxury, you use what you
can to capture the essence of God, nature and

Some people have more than they deserve. You

right that wrong. While the common folk starve, rich

tradesmen, nobles and the stinking offspring of them both
f| SS flaunt their riches in full view. Daring mutilation, the gallows
a F #/ or the iron cage, you sally forth to plunder the bastards. Perhaps
=A # you're a vagabond living off other people's wealth, or a
soldier out of work scouring the countryside for some-
thing to eat. It may be that you're a
highwayman — not the gallant hero of
later legends, but a dashing fellow just
the same — or a gypsy whose quick
hands and sharp blade ensure that she
is fed. Morality is for other folks — you
live for yourself. A bandit need not be a murderer to get his
wish; you might be a cutthroat, a trickster, a seducer or a sneak.
Whatever methods you employ, the goods of another are swiftly your
own.

Bastard

You were born to nobility yet denied its privileges. Your behavior is
never scrutinized as is your "legitimate" siblings', so you can get away with
scandalous activities. Insecurity is the price you pay — you could be turned
out of the house at any time for overstepping your bounds, and you know
you'll never inherit anything. You probably resent your family; yours is not
a rare lot, but your shame is never silenced.

Beggar

Cast off by society, you rely on the kindness of others. Perhaps
gambling debts caused your present state of affairs, or fate, plague or war
crippled you. Maybe you're just lazy. In any case, you maintain a sense of
pride under your pathetic facade. You know secrets that others would kill
for,and might speak them — for a price. After all, who cares what a beggar
thinks?

Craftsman

Where would they be without you? People need what you
provide. Leatherwork, shoes, jewelry, weapons, tools — the list
goes on and on (see the Crafts Skill in The Sorcerers Cru-


- : L) CHAPTER II:
THE PLAY'S
: THE THING

seat |

sade). After years of apprenticeship, mistakes and experience, you know
your business. You might be a youngster just learning the trade; or
perhaps may possess authority, such as a title in a guild or a reputation

| for fine work. In any case, you pursue handwork with dedication and
finesse. The Lord smiles on good labor.

Diplomat

War is a costly way to do business. You specialize in making deals, using
words and schemes to achieve your goals, or those of your lord, without battle.
Your skills of persuasion, logic and deceit suggest a natural mediator. In
the service of prince, merchant, magus or Church, you do
what you can to make differing parties
agree. Intrigue is a natural aspect of —
such affairs; you understand the secret GE
language of half-truths, favors and mis-
direction as if it were your native tongue.
Longjourneys— by foot, horse and sometimes
magick— are partof the trade. It'snotan easy life,
but you have your reasons — position, ideals,
cash or adventure — for enduring it.

Explorer

The world is as vast as your ambition to
see it. The courts of Cathay, the cities of
Arabia, the farthest shores of the Indies... not
even the sky isa limit to you! Leaving clan and
country behind, you make adventure your com-
panion. Harsh travels and near-death scrapes
have made you strong, but the marvels you discover are worth
every hazard. You've learned vital skills — seamanship,
herbalism, medicine and the arts of war — along the way.
After all, no one else will save you from disaster. Someday,
the angels won't be looking, and the Reaper will embrace
you; till then, face the wind, laugh at the Dark Powers, and
keep your feet on the less-traveled road.

Farmer

Everyone dies without food. It's your place under God to
set the tables of your land. It's hard work under the best
conditions; harsh weather, heavy taxes, war and plague
undo your labors with sickening regularity. You were prob-
ably born to a farming family. Maybe you're a poor crofter,
living off a patch of dirt and under endless obligations, or
a wealthy cottager with large fields and hired hands.
Harvests don't lend themselves to adventure, so you've
probably left the farm behind. Are you a runaway? A
refugee? A vengeful peasant? Whatever your future
role, you were born to the land. Crops and animals are
your life's work.

Heretic

You know in your heart that the orthodox
perspective is wrong. Perhaps you were raised in a
secluded town where things are taught differently.

7

—_ZN

ay


— : = CRUSADE
LORE

—~—

You could have been born to a faith that few around you share. More likely,
you received a vision so powerful that it opened your eyes, and you have
been unable to swallow the accepted truth ever since. In any case, your
radical faith endangers you. Keep quiet about it and trust no one. Torment
and the stake are heresy's price.

/ Inquisitor

God is not mocked. Nor are you. His enemies are your enemies and

they are everywhere. Rumor depicts you as a somber executioner, but that
really isn't fair. You know how to laugh, how to love, how to put down the ‘
torch when the crisis is past. But the Devil is at the door, and God's i)
children must be protected. You possess rare skills — book-learning, faith 4 f

J

and warcraft — that help you pursue this task, and you have seen the j |
demons that infest the House of the Lord. Your task may be interroga- Jj} \
tion, diplomacy or ferreting out lies; the savage witch-hunter is only one
aspect of your trade. You most likely investigate heresy with calm ye i io

if

questions and veiled threats. The Church stands behind you, and the
angels guide your hand.

Midwife
No miracle is more common — or more deadly — than
childbirth. You know the secrets of womanhood, and many
people shun you for it. Some call you a heretic or worse; these
are bad times for the wise women of Christendom. Yet when
a baby comes, the gossip ends and your work begins. Aside
from your birthing skills, you understand herb lore, nursing
and other, more esoteric mysteries. You were probably taught
your arts by your mother, who was tutored by her own. Yours
is an ancient and valuable profession. Let no one scorn it.

Monk

Chastity, piety and poverty characterize your life.
Monks are the working class of the clergy, whether in
transcribing books, farming or teaching rich children.
However you assumed this position (poverty, disposses-
sion, compulsion or deep faith), you probably take it
seriously. This is still a pious age, despite the corrup-
tion lurking behind the cathedral walls. The Lord is 4
watching, so you try to make Him proud.

Noble

Your father was of aristocratic blood, as was his father before
him. Your lot in life has a long legacy, one to be respected,
valued and, above all, passed on. You could be a lowly page, a
knight or any other lord beneath the king of your land. You
could have been the first-born son and possess your family
title, lands, manor, peasants, and liege duties and respon-
sibilities. Or you could have none of that power or prestige,
depending on how many brothers precede your right to
authority. If your family is poor, you could own nothing
and wield no power, even if you were first-born. Indeed, you


Veaen ee CHAPTER II: |p Ss =
: d THE THING WA NAZ\

{| may have inherited your father's debts. As a second son to impoverished lands,
you might not even be able to afford the armor expected of noble station.
However, no matter how fate has smiled or frowned upon you, you are
among the lords of society and must be respected by all of lower status —
/ or so you believe.

Nun

You are married to God, entrusted to teach unruly girls and guide
women. Chastity, virtue and honesty are the foundation of a nun's life;
whether you follow these path-stones depends on your dedication. Some
do not. You may have been cast into a nunnery to keep you out of
trouble, or perhaps were sent away because your father could not
afford a dowry. Perhaps you joined of your own piety. Regardless,
you are not nearly as powerless as you might seem — people
listen when you speak, and the Blessed Virgin stands beside
you. Prayer is your companion and humility your bread,
but you have a mystique that lends weight to your
presence.

Outsider

What are you doing here? Perhaps you're here for
the Convocation, or you work in some barbaric city as a
favor to the Order. You may have been born to this land,
but follow a creed that puts you at odds with your
countrymen. You may be a Pagan, gypsy or Moor. Perhaps
you traveled from a place no one has ever heard of. Be alert
and watch the shadows. Trouble always comes for you, so have a
quick word and a ready knife when it does.

Pardoner

Traveling the world and selling salvation, you collect donations
to ensure safe passage into Heaven. For a flask of wine, you'll allow
a lord to keep his concubine. For a few pieces of silver, you'll pardon
mortal sins of the flesh... including your own. A priest with a sense
of duty, humor and business, you provide the Vatican with necessary
funds. The Lord's city requires gold for its ministry, and sinners need
some form of absolution. Scripture grants you license to do your
work, so don't question its honesty. Silver is fleeting; salvation is
eternal.

Philosopher-Scientist

Nothing happens without a cause. God is a master artisan, not
an arbitrary tyrannos, and Enlightened men can discern the pat-

5

PIL
—

terns He left behind. Steeped in the lore of the Greeks, the
Romans, even the Arabs and Turks, you seek the rhyme and reason
behind natural phenomena, divine influence, human behavior
and the invisible ties between all three. You spend your days in
contemplation and your nights in study as the servant of some rich
patron. Perhaps you're a scholar, a curious monk, an artisan or an
author. Regardless, your research and declarations shed light on
the dark corners of the universe.


- —$Sf/a' Sr
ae CRUSADE y : Ea y

God's flock is wayward, and you must shepherd them. You are
a servant of the Lord and the Church, and ministrate the Pope's
will. The clergy offers many positions, from lowly parish priest to
archbishop or even pope, though to hold such awesome status
and have dealings with magi is unlikely. You probably tend toa
small church and a small rural or urban flock. Education —
Latin, literacy and Biblical lore — are integral to your role,
} although faith is not. You might have joined the Church because
you were second-born to a poor nobleman who could not afford
the lifestyle that you hoped for. Then again, you could be
truly pious and hope to do the work of God. Perhaps that's
why you dare work with magi. Someone has to save their
souls,

Sailor

A tar's life is brutal — cold, cramped, torn

excitement of a new port is more intoxicating
than rum. Most likely, you were impressed —
seized from the streets one night. Perhaps
you began as a stowaway, slave, pirate or
simply a lad (or disguised lass) with a
hunger for discovery anda strong arm
— it doesn't matter. Tarred timbers
and salt breezes are your life now, a
life you love and loathe in equal mea-
sure.

* Servant

The rich are helpless without you. Deep down,

you realize that. Luxuries demand maintenance, and you IN
know how to keep things running. Perhaps you're a favored \
servant, privy to your lord or lady's scandals. You could be a lesser M
worker — a groom, a scullery wench, a groundsman or even a slave Gi
— without respect, but given tools and trust just the same. Are you
proud of your work or jealous of your masters? Do you perform your
duties, or shirk them when you can? You might be the foundation of
your household, or a rat in its walls.

W),
r

\

Spy A We

cnet Hi\

You are not what you appear to be. Some patron or cause WV

enlists you to burrow holes in your social surroundings — to watch, A
to gather, to steal — and you do so with skill. Capture means sentence VA

to a horrible death, so bend your will to the mask and cloak yourself in \

others' trust. Perform favors for your marks — if the masquerade ends,

you'll need all the help you can get — and keep an eye on the door.
Sooner or later, it will be time to pull the tapestries down, and it

would be wise to be long gone when they fall. .


CHAPTER II:
THE PLAY'S
= THE THING

Cavern-Keeper

A tavern is neither quiet nor peaceful, and you wouldn't

have it any other way. Maybe you're an innkeeper, a goodwife,
! a wench or a bouncer — no matter! Your fingers are in the
grub, and your hands are wrapped around the tankards.
Gossip and a good hard punch are fine survival skills, and the
talk you overhear would turn a bishop's spy green with envy.
It takes savvy to run a tavern, too; you wouldn't believe
how many thieves there are around here! Few highfolk
ever know your kind of freedom. Let ‘em look down
on you — they're far more prisoners than privi-
leged! Who buys the next round? Let's sort things
out in the morning.

Cradesman

Merchants are the social
enigmas of your time.
They belong to
none of
the foun-
dations of
society, yet are per- vasive
and relied on by commoners, clergy
and nobles alike. Perhaps you were a
peasant who escaped your lord's lands \y
for a year and a day and won your
freedom. Or you might have been a noble-
man who turned to trade to compensate for an
impoverished family. Or you might simply have
wanted to see the world. Whether you'rea traveling
merchant or a sedentary craftsman, you have found
your calling. You provide the goods that everyone
from the country manor to the city square has come
to demand. Yours is the way of the future; before
long, everyone will rely on your services for their
needs. Before that day comes, you plan to enjoy the
freedom and independence that your life affords.
Just watch out for the competition.

Craveling Player

You're a vagabond tool of Satan, if the tales
are right. You live outside law and country, pranc-
ing for the groundlings in a mask or painted face,
then leaving in the morning. Applause and free-
dom are your food and drink; good thing, too, since
players are notoriously poor. Still, you have your
"family" — a gang of roustabouts like yourself,
pantomiming passion for a free meal and a bit of
squeeze on the side. The work is hard, the
living more so, but the open road is the
only place to be.

\\

N

ETS
ie
oR


able to respond to them appropriately.
You can often discern the motives be-
NG hind someone's actions by simply
Rag A@ listening to him. You can also detect
YE when you are being lied to. Empathy
4 C has a down side, though — because you are so open to the

\,. feelings of others, you often feel the same emotions as
those around you.

NA

t

° Novice: Gossipy widows feel that they
can trust you.
oe Practiced: You occasionally suffer sympa-

thetic pains for others.

eee Competent: You have an amazing
insight into others' emotions.

eeve Master: You often finish other people's
sentences.

eoece Legend: You read complicated emotional

textures at a glance.
Possessed by: Fortunetellers, Gossips, Parents, Priests,
Skilled Merchants
Specialties: Background Emotion, Emotions, Family
Problems, Personalities, Truths

Carousing

This is the ability to have a good time at a social
gathering while ensuring that others do the same. It
involves a mixture of eating, drinking and good cheer,
while avoiding making a fool of yourself. On a successful
Manipulation + Carousing roll, you make a lasting good
impression on everyone around you. This Ability is
helpful if you are trying to make friends, gather informa-
tion or distract attendees while allies liberate prisoners
from the dungeon. The difficulty of the roll depends on
the social event — 1 or 2 for a small gathering with
libations, 5or more for a proper feast.

° Novice: You know a few good songs or
dirty jokes.

oe Practiced: Youcan ease tensions and avoid
fights.

eee

Competent: You can move from social
circle to social circle without standing out.
Master: You can carry on three conversa-
tions at once, drink, eat and laugh with
out skipping a beat or losing your audience.

a et CRUSADE

Legend: You can command the entire
gathering's attention and entertain them
for hours.
Possessed by: Buskers, Nobles, Performers, Rakes,
Savvy Merchants, Spies
Specialties: Anecdotes, Drinking, Exaggeration, Lewd
Jokes, Sexual Innuendo

Skills
Climbing

You can climb mountains and/or walls and seldom fear
falling. You are familiar with and perhaps even possess the
gear required — ropes, grappling hooks, spikes, hammers —
to climb for extended periods. You may also be skilled at
assisting the untrained who accompany you on a climb; you
probably worked as a guide or burglar at some point.

° Novice: You can scale gradual slopes or

walls with handholds.

ee Practiced: You can shinny up a tree in
moments and can scale heavily weath
ered stone walls.
Competent: A past or present occupa-
tion requires you to climb steep and sheer
surfaces every day.
Master: You have scaled mountains, per-
haps to find trade routes through them.
You can also climb a smooth stone wall.
Legend: You find routes and handholds up
sheer surfaces that are invisible tothe com- F2wsy
mon observer. Sheer, smooth surfaces are
like craggy stone to you.

Possessed by: Burglars, Guides, Impetuous Boys, Moun-
taineers, Woodsmen

Specialties: Buildings, Caves, Cliffs, Ice, Trailblazing,
Trees

Disguise

You can change your appearance or conceal your true
identity with clothes, make-up and acting talent. (Note
that Renaissance make-up is fairly primitive; detailed dis-
guises are difficult to sustain.) A must for intriguers and
witches who don't want to get caught!

° Novice: You can fool simple people
under ideal conditions. a
ee Practiced: You can impersonate another

person with a bit of effort.

eee Competent: You're good enough to fool
most strangers.
ecco Master: You can assume other identities

for days on end, and pass for another
person of your general size.


Specialties: Impersonation, Improvised, Magickal,
Opposite Sex, Theater

Knowledges

Politics

You are familiar with the politics of the day, including
the people in charge and how they got there. This Ability
can be applied to almost any organization, from the Church
to a guild to the local bailiff. It can be essential when

} attempting to deal with mortal authorities in any way. You
might even be a capable politician.

° Dabbler: Casual observer.

ee Student: Local herald.

eee Scholar: Aspiring heir.

cece Savant: Courtier.

eevee Virtuoso: Machiavellian student.

Possessed by: Courtiers, Guildsmen, Heralds, Judges,
Lords, Powerful Clergy, Wealthy Merchants

Specialties: City, Courts, Covenants, Heraldry, Magi,
Religious

Seneschal

You were (orare) responsible for managing and maintain-
ing a household or organization. Maybe you were a prominent
guildsman or the abbot of a monastery, or you might have been
a nobleman's bailiff. Perhaps you maintained a cathedral or
were simply the lady of the house. You have experience with
balancing the books, keeping inventory of the larder and wine
cellar, managing servants, entertaining guests, keeping the

household, abbey, cathedral or guildhouse is in good running

order. Even a farmer might have some ability in making sure there

was enough money for rent and for keeping his farm in order.

Along with the attendant experience, this Knowledge

may allow you to evaluate how another household is run-

ning (and to spot and correct problems), to appraise the
quality of trade goods or to entertain a guest, even if you're
not in your usual household.

° Dabbler: You can keep a small place run
ning without too many problems, and
you know how much money is available.

ee Student: Youcan balance your books and

money for expenses, and guests are never

a problem.

Scholar: You can handle a large house

hold without assistance, and your guests

always have a good night.

————

WE CHAPTER IL: E
THE PLAY'S
: THE THING Va

=
eecce Legend: Man? Woman? Who can tell? coco Savant: You can manage a large house
You're whomever you want to appear to be. hold or series of small households with

Possessed by: Assassins, Masqueraders, Shapeshifters, out trouble.

Spies, Traveling Players eocce Virtuoso: You can keep your house run

ning even during the most difficult of
times, and your superiors consider you
indispensable.
Possessed by: Chief Stewards, Innkeepers, Noble-
women, Seneschals, Wives
Specialties: Accounting, Guilds, Hostels, Innkeeping,
Kitchens, Noble Households, Religious Orders, Taverns

Symbolism

Great wisdom hides in plain sight. In artwork, lore and
Scripture, symbols reflect a greater truth. In this age, every-
thing is loaded with deeper meanings; gestures, plants,
animals, weather — all these things hold secrets for those
who understand them.

gence + Symbolism); notice the theme in an artist's work
(Perception + Symbolism); or send and receive secret
messages in art, speech or even architecture (Manipulation +
Symbolism). To a magus, symbols provide the keys to Cre-
ation. It is a dull custodian who cannot handle such keys.

° Dabbler: You grasp the obvious.

oe Student: Sudden revelations impart

hidden meanings.

coo Scholar: You're versed in many formal
symbolic "languages" (Biblical verse,
flower codes, hand gestures).

coco Savant: Everything has a deeper signifi-
cance, and you know where to look for it.

eeeee

Virtuoso: You read prophecies in the
patterns of leaves.

Possessed by: Artists, Art Patrons, Bards, Gypsies,
Lorekeepers, Spies, Theologians

Specialties: Alchemy, Animals, Architecture, Bibli-
cal, Codes, Foreign Cultures, Heraldry, Omens, Paintings,
Sculpture

Merits and Flaws
Code of Honor (1 pt Merit)

Your personal sense of right and wrong serves as a
binding code, governing your actions. This sense of honor
gives you the ability to resist many temptations or induce-
ments that defy your beliefs. You can even resist supernatural
coercion, such as use of Mind magick or the vampyr Disci-
plines Dominate and Presence.

In game terms, add three dice to resistance rolls against
attempts to influence your actions supernaturally. Alterna-


hm
; AS

————— CRUSADE 5 :

» =

tively, the Storyteller may increase the difficulties of such
attempts against you by two. You must compose your own
code, detailing your ethics and convictions as clearly as
possible.

Noble Bearing (I pt Merit)

Some people were born to lead. You are one of them.
Were you born of noble blood? Perhaps not, but you still act
as though you were, and impress others as a result. Your true
heritage doesn't matter; people respect you on sight.

In game terms, this Merit lowers Social roll difficulties
by two. In story terms, it gives you an air of respectability no
matter where you are or what you do. It also makes you a
target for jealousy, gossip and assassination attempts, but
that's the cost of charisma.

Noble Blood (I pt Merit)

Whether a bastard or favored child, you possess an

traits (good and bad alike) have been passed on to you.
Perhaps you share the duke's fine features, the baron's
temper or the princess' deep green eyes. People recognize
your heritage, no matter how you dress or behave.

In game terms, this Merit is two-sided. It declares your
parentage and wins you respect, but that's not always a good
thing. You might acquire your family's enemies through no fault
of your own, or cause scandals if you were born on the wrong side
of the sheets. If your family has some noted personality trait —
extraordinary courage, deviousness, generosity, wrath — you'll
\ probably display some sign of it as a matter of course. Note that
this Merit doesn't apply to every noble child; it reflects an
undeniable tie to a specific aristocracy, not a simple heritage.

Crue Love (I pt Merit)

Undying love for another gives you resolve and inspires
you to greatness. The thought of your beloved lifts you
above the tedium and turmoil of daily existence, even if
you're a continent apart. Not even death can undo your
devotion. In an age when courtly and unrequited love are
revered, your true love is the stuff of legends.

Your pure devotion grants an automatic success on
Willpower rolls related in some way to protecting or de-
fending your beloved. The strength of your emotions may
also serve as a charm against supernatural foes if the Story-
teller so chooses. Your love may hinder your actions and
distract you from issues as well.

Beast Affinity (1-4 pt Merit)

Animals love you. While other people must use force,
training or magick to forge bonds with beasts, you do so
naturally. Perhaps God has blessed you with the gift of St.
Francis. Maybe you're a shaman with a powerful totem or a

witch touched by the Goddess. Regardless, animals are : NN

well-disposed to you. You cannot speak their language or
read their minds, but some limited communication (based
on gestures and vocalizations) is possible. You are probably
safe from harm from animals unless you or your companions
act hostile toward a beast or its pack.

¢ For one point, you get along well with a specific type
of animal (wolves, cats, hawks).

¢ For two points, you bond with general types of
animals (canines, birds).

¢ For three, that bond extends to any natural beast.

¢ For four, even the greater (magical) creatures regard
you with favor, if not trust or friendliness.

The payback for this Merit is respect; a magus with a
beast-bond must love the wild in return. Farmers, foresters
and "barbarians" are more likely to win this trust than are
priests or princes. This Merit is not an instant protection;
if you anger a beast, it attacks. Intelligent or magical
animals are still free to make their own decisions; they're
inclined to like you, but may be wary of or even turn on you
in the long run. This Merit fades if abused; a sorcerer who uses
her affinity to recruit sword-fodder finds her favor revoked.
Animals are not stupid, and their goodwill is taxed easily.

Arcane feritage (2 pt Merit)

The blood of magi runs through your veins; one or both
of your parents (and perhaps your ancestors as well) also
Awakened to the calling of magick.

In story terms, your Awakening comes as an expected
event rather than as a spiritual trauma. You begin the game
with an extra dot in Occult or Magus Lore to reflect your
familiarity with the arcane.

Faerie Affinity (2 pt Merit)

The Fair Folk are attracted to you. Rather than avoid
you, as they do most mortals, the fae seek you out from time
to time to enjoy your company or ask for your assistance.
You might even be of faerie blood. The spirits treat you like
ayoung sibling (regardless of your age), and rarely make you
the victim of their mischief. Occasionally the fae may ask
you to mediate disputes among them or between them and
mortals. You can sometimes call upon them for assistance in
your own affairs — if you dare submit your problems to
faerie judgment.

Graceful (2 pt Merit)

You move with uncanny agility and efficiency. Coor-
dination and balance come naturally to you. Even when
you fail to achieve some feat, you avoid embarrassing
yourself. In game terms, your difficulty for Dexterity-based
actions is one less, while botches (even serious ones) do not
affect the finesse of your movements. You may die trying,
but you will never, ever appear ungainly.

aN
Car


= a

CHAPTER II: | PRE

THE PLAY'S
= THE THING

Honeyed Tongue (2 pt Merit)

Lies pass your lips like the Gospel truth. People tend to
believe what you say, no matter how inane your conversa-
tion or how incredible your stories. This liberty enables you
to spread falsehoods with impunity, deceive friends and
enemies alike, and explain your way out of most situations.
All attempts at Subterfuge gain an automatic success.

Innocent (2 pt Merit)

You convey an aura of childlike innocence. Few be-
lieve you capable of anything even remotely evil or wrong,
even if you are guilty of the most heinous crime.

In story terms, this Merit makes life a lot easier for you
when interacting with potential enemies. You usually suffer
mild punishments — even if someone catches you in the act
—and your accusers tend to give you the benefit of doubt.
In game terms, this Merit lowers the difficulties of rolls
involving Subterfuge or Manipulation by two.

Poison Resistance (2 pt Mevit)

You have the ability to resist the worst effects of most
poisons, because of some natural hardiness or through years of
exposure. In game terms, you can roll Stamina to resist a
normally fatal dose of poison (difficulty depends on the potency
of the draught; mild toxins are 5 or 6, powerful ones are 7 or 8,
and really nasty ones are 9 or 10). You might become sick, you
mighteven be incapacitated, butchancesare that you'll survive.

Cies (2 pt Merit)

You have friends in high places — the Church, the
guilds, the underworld. These friends can help you pull
strings, meet people, funnel information or get a word in
edgewise. Unlike the Allies, Influence or Spies Back-
grounds, these contacts are not permanent or reliable —
you are known but not established, and your influence is
limited. However, this Merit may improve your chances of
using one of those Backgrounds successfully.
In story terms, Ties gets your foot in the door. In game
terms, an appropriate Ties lowers the difficulty of Social
tolls by one or two, depending on what you're doing. A
subtle request like a dinner invitation is easy to achieve
(-2 difficulty). A more demanding effort such as requesting
an audience with a prince is harder (-1 difficulty), but not
impossible. It's not a good idea to abuse Ties; the more you
strain them, the weaker they become. A social blunder,
betrayal or ridiculous request might sever Ties completely.
Create a rationale or story for the Ties you have. Your
Storyteller may disallow any Ties that she feels imbalance the
game. The Ties Merit has variations; each one must be
purchased separately for two points. These variations include:
Local Church, Vatican, Jewish Society, Pagan Sects, Local
Underworld, Craft Guilds, Artists, Local Prince, King's Court,
Sultan's Court, Local Marketplace and Shipping.

—

A
Citle (2-5 pt Merit)
You've acquired rank, whether by birth or deed. That
title confers privilege, of course, but carries obligations, too.
Honors are not given lightly, nor are they ignored when
trouble brews. And in this world, trouble's always brewing
somewhere...

You're expected to act according to your station. God
assigns people to certain places in life, and you must do
honor to yours. Others watch over you; their opinions are
based on your wisdom, generosity, valor and honesty — or
lack thereof.

¢ For two points, you posses a minor claim or title
(knight, lady, priest). Your duties include doing what you're
told; while you can command the common folk, you have
many superiors.

¢ Three points gets you a lesser title (countess, prelate,
burgomaster) or a minor title and some status (renowned
knight, honorable lady). In addition to your rank, you can

responsibilities. d
© With four points, you acquire a powerful title (bishop, \—/
duke, princess) and all the benefits and duties thereof. Your
romances are arranged, your movements are scrutinized,
and your commands are obeyed. Few people can order you
around, but opinion and intrigue weigh heavily.
¢ Five points makes you mighty —a prince, archbishop
or royal confidante. You command obedience from most
people, but blades are forever at your back. Step lightly...
Note that the Storyteller may disallow any title that
she feels would disrupt the game — or she may revoke your
title, benefits or both on a whim. She will certainly make
your rank the springboard for many adventures; assassins,
toadies, gossips and supernatural meddlers surround power-
ful folk. This Merit bestows certain privileges, but rank is a
fragile thing. "Uneasy is the head that wears a crown..."

Luck (3 pt Merit)

Fortuitousomensor favorable astrological conjunctionscoin-
cided with your birth, gracing you with an undeniable luck. Those
who know you believe you have received Heaven's blessing or the
Devil's favor, depending on their opinion of you.

In story terms, you seem to live a charmed existence. In
game terms, you may repeat three failed attempts at actions that
do not involve magick during a story. Only one re-roll may be
made for any action.

Well-Craveled (3 pt Merit)

Your exhaustive travels and broad experiences have
given you piercing insight into life. You possess a wealth of
odd facts about cities, libraries, travel routes, obscure fight-
ing styles and other subjects. Once per game session, you
may gain an automatic success on any non-magickal roll to
reflect your recall of some piece of helpful information.


CRUSADE
LORE

A Cable of Ranks

The highest rank is Emperor, and only tworulers bore that title: the Holy Roman Emperor (Kaiser) of the German
Nation, and the Byzantine Empire (Basileus) Otherwise, the order of precedence rans roughly as follows:

Men's Citles

England France Italy Germany Spain
King Roi Re Koenig Rey
Prince Prince Prince Prinz Principe
Duke Duc Duca Herzog Duque
Earl Comte Conte Graf Conde
Baron Baron Barone Freiherr Baron
Knight Chevalier Cavalliere Ritter Caballero
{Sir Sieur Signore Herr Senor
Squire Ecuyer Scudiero Knappe Escudero
iy Women's Citles
@ »)) England France Italy Germany Spain
| ) | Queen Reine Regina Koenigin Reina
A _.- Princess Princesse Principessa Prinzessin Princesa
| 4 | Duchess Duchesse Duchessa Herzogin Duquesa
| Countess Comtesse Contessa Grafin Condesa
f | Baroness  Baronne Barone Freiherrin/Barunin Baronesa
1 | Mistress Maftresse Maestra Meisterin Duena
"Lady" Madame Signora Herrin Senora
Church Titles
Pope — "Holiness"
Cardinal — "Eminence"
Cardinal Bishops
Cardinal Priests
Cardinal Deacons
Archbishop - "Grace" or "Excellency"
Bishop - "Excellency"
Priest — "Father"
Minister/Deacon
Subdeacon

(Nuns and monks are technically not part of the hierarchy
(as they take their orders from God).

Abbot/Abbess — "Father Abbot"/"Reverend Mother"
Monk/Nun — "Brother"/"Sister"


CHAPTER II:
THE PLAY'S
= THE THING

Fae Blood (4 pt Merit)

Your mother or father lay with a faerie one night; you bear
the blessing of the Otherworlds. This heritage manifests in
/ your eyes, which see the Dreaming world. Normal folk regard
you with both desire and suspicion. Fair in an unearthly way,
you tread the line between human and changeling.

In game terms, this Merit makes you kinain —a human
with faerie blood. Your Banality is low, even for a magus
(typically 2), and your presence is often welcome in places
where most mortals are shunned. Half-enchanted from
birth, you see faeries for what they are, penetrating the
disguises that hide the fae from human sight. This insight
makes you vulnerable to chimerical attack, but lets you
witness and even live among things that few mortals even
sense. To you, the world is vivid, intoxicating, enchanted.
Other magi call faeries "mysteries"; you call them cousins.
(See Chapter III for details on the faerie world.)

Ghoul (5 pt Merit)

You have a taste for blood — vampyr blood! At some
time or another, you have supped from a creature of the
night. Her vitae gave you unnatural strength and vigor, but
also bound you to her curse. God frowns on you, and the
Devil capers as you pass. You must now feed again and again
on the tainted stuff; perchance your mistress will claim your
soul and bind it through the dreaded Bond of Blood....

In game terms, this Merit grants you one automatic
success on any Strength roll you make, and you inflict an
additional die of damage with all hand-to-hand attacks.
You age slowly and can remain awake and alert while others
grow weary. Given time and teaching, you might acquire
other vampyric powers as well. However, those gifts fade
quickly unless your blood supply is fairly constant (and
comes from elder vampyrs). Your powers disappear one
month after your last draught.

This Merit also imposes an insatiable thirst for blood —
one that can drive ghouls to perverse and damnable actions.
And then there's the Blood Bond; a ghoul who feeds three
times from the same vampyr becomes that demon's thrall.
Not even a skilled magus can resist the demon's commands
—and given the value of a captive mage, those commands
will be onerous indeed.

(See Chapter III for details about undead society. If
your game integrates the Vampire rules, you have a Blood
Pool, a dot in Potence and the potential to buy and use up
to two dots in several Disciplines. You may not use
Thaumaturgy, Necromancy, Chimerstry or Quietus; such
Disciplines clash with the powers of magick.)

Age (1 pt Slaw)

You began your magickal training either very early or
very late in life. Perhaps your teachers saw great promise in

you and felt the need to begin your instruction when you
were little more than a babe. Maybe you were far past the
age when masters usually begin instruction, but one de-
cided to teach you anyway. Either way, you are very young
or old for your position.

Your age influences your treatment by others. If you are
younger, you may be disregarded or disrespected by those
who are older but less trained. You may even be resented. If}
you are older, your peers may assume you have more
knowledge or expertise than you do, occasionally putting
you in a very awkward position. Increase the difficulty of
your Social rolls by one to three depending on the situation
or the individual confronted.

Bard's Tongue (J pt Flaw)

What you say often comes to pass. This is not an effect
you can control; as with a prophet or true bard, words come
to you at unexpected times and are sometimes regretted.
Those who know of this "blessing" or "curse" are uncom- &
fortable around you because they never know when your
prophecies will affect them. You do not cause the events
you speak of to happen, but you have been granted fore-
knowledge and the compulsion to make that knowledge
public.

Bard's Tongue comes into effect at least once during
any story. You may attempt to resist making a prophetic
statement by spending a Willpower point.

Craven Image (J pt Slaw)

No matter how highborn you are, there is something
"low" about you. People tend to treat you with less respect
than you deserve. While this might be good for an occa-
sional disguise, it hampers your dealings with others more
often than it helps. In story terms, your superiors chastise
you, your peers mock you, and your lessers disrespect you. In
game terms, the difficulties of Social rolls increase by two if
appropriate to the situation; making requests or asking
favors is daunting for you, for example.

Family Enmity (I pt Flaw)

You hold no love for your family, nor does it feel any
great affection for you. The change sparked by the parting
of the Mists might have caused this fracture between you
and your blood relations, or this enmity might have pre-
ceded your calling asa magus. Whatever the reason, you can
find no support or succor among parents or siblings. In fact,
some of your family members may actively seek to do you
harm.

Alternatively, you are loyal to and loved by your
family, but your clan is locked ina bitter feud with another.
Members of the competing families conflict whenever they
meet. The Storyteller can use this rivalry as the foundation
for stories or as a subplot in larger tales.


oo CRUSADE \y : 1

In game terms, a Willpower point must be spent to
resist slighting or attacking an enemy family member. The
difficulties of Social rolls involving clan enemies increase
by one to three, depending on the circumstances. An
enemy might still help you if there's something in it for him
— or he's setting you up to take a fall...

Dark Secret (1-3 pt Flaw)

You harbor a secret that could humiliate you, ruin
f your reputation or even turn your friends into enemies.
You might have succumbed to diabolic practices in the
past (although you have rejected that part of your life for
good), or you may have committed a murder. You may
even have been instrumental to betraying a magus to the
Inquisition. Whatever the secret is, it lurks just of out
sight.

Some secrets are disturbing, but not damning. Others
are clear paths to the gallows, wheel or stake. The cost of the
<= Flaw is determined by the consequences of discovery:

© You participated in some shameful act — petty theft,
adultery, masquerading as a man. If discovered, you'd be
punished, but not too harshly. (1 pt)

© Blood is on your hands — you've killed a cousin,
murdered a nobleman or betrayed a village. You may not
have committed murder personally, but people would tie
you to the crime. (2 pts)

¢ Your crime is so great that death or banishment
would be considered too mild for you. Perhaps you're a
heretical cult leader, a shapechanger or a child killer. If
discovered, you'll be sentenced to the most hideous public

punishment your captors can devise, if only to make an
~ example of you. (3 pts)

Inconvenient Alliance (1-3 pt Slaw)

You have an ally who is discomforting to you,
whether because of your family, your Covenant or your
own dealings. Your ally rarely aids you, but has done so
in the past, obligating you to return the favor. He may be
demanding, but otherwise unremarkable (1 pt); some-
one whom you don't wish to be associated with, such as
a Muslim or supernatural creature (2 pts); or someone
repulsive or dangerous, perhaps an Infernalist or traitor
(3 pts). Whatever the circumstances of your alliance, it
is not a short-term association that you can end by
performing a simple service.

Criminal Marks (1-5 pt Flaw)

Your body bears the marks inflicted on criminals,
thus raising questions about your past (assuming that
anyone can see the marks). Unlike normal scars, crimi-
nal marks are punishments inflicted deliberately not
only to cause pain, but also to mutilate, branding victims
as outcasts from normal society.

2
You may have these marks for obvious reasons, or may

have come by them some other way. Perhaps you were not
guilty of the crime, but were convicted of it and punished
anyway. You may have lost your hand fighting in a war, but
its lack leads others to mistake you for a thief rather than a
hero. Some criminal marks are easier to hide than others.
Someone branded on the forehead could cover it up with
strategically placed mud or soot and an overhanging hood.
Rope burns from a noose may be hidden by a shirt or jerkin.
A missing nose is considerably harder to hide.

Concealable Brand or Scarring 1 pt

Small Brand/Loss of Ear, Digits 2 pts
Obvious or Large Brand 3 pts
Nose/Lips Cut Off 4 pts
Loss of Hand/Foot 5 pts

Note that some of these marks may call for other penalties
as well, such as lameness or inability to speak properly.

Cursed (1-5 pt Flaw)

Someone with supernatural powers — a mage, faerie,
vampyr or some other creature who possesses a form of magic
— has invoked a curse against you. The nature of the curse is
specific and has some bearing on the reason why you received
it. Only the most extreme measures can dispel it, and fulfilling
them may result in your death. The severity of the curse
depends on the cost of this Flaw. The following examples
illustrate the types and point values of the Cursed Flaw.

© If you divulge some information received in secret, your
betrayal rebounds unfavorably upon you. (1 pt)

© Some physical malady (such as a violent tic, spasm or
stutter) affects you whenever you attempt to relate the fact or
event that resulted in your curse. (2 pts)

© Tools and weapons break in your hands when you try to
use them for specific kinds of tasks. (3 pts)

 Youare fated to alienate those closest to you (including
other players' characters). (4 pts)

¢ All your efforts and ambitions, your loves and posses-
sions — everything you hold near and dear to you ultimately
suffers. (5 pts)

Disturbing Mannerism (2 pt Slaw)

Something about you discomforts others. Perhaps you
laugh like a pig being gored, whisper or hum to yourself
constantly, or blink rapidly when speaking. This behavior
is not something you can cease permanently; you may not
even be aware of it. You tend to fall into the behavior again
as soon as you stop concentrating on controlling it.

This Flaw may increase the difficulty of Social rolls at
the Storyteller's discretion, depending on how well some-
one knows you. Strangers may find your behavior odd and
distracting, while close acquaintances may find it difficult
to deal with you at all.

Y,
Nile


ey

CHAPTER IL: 2
THE PLAY'S
: THE THING

Magickal Rival (2 pt Flaw)

Another magus seeks to outdo you in reputation, talent or
some other aspect of your magick. This person is not necessar-
ily an enemy; she may even be a close friend. However, she
attempts to discredit your work, exceed your standards or steal
your glory, no matter what you do. While your rival may mean
you no physical harm (or even realize what she is doing), she
remains a constant irritation. Even if you confront your rival
and succeed in convincing her to forswear her need to outdo
you, she eventually reverts to her previous behavior.

Religious Aberrant (2 pt Slaw)

You subscribe to a heretical sect or some religious
philosophy that is out of place in the society you inhabit. If
you are a Christian, you may adhere to any one of a number
of unconventional (and proscribed) interpretations of your
faith. Alternately, you might believe in druidism, pagan-
ism, Islam, Judaism or a shamanic religion in Christian
lands — or you might be a Christian in parts of the world
that do not accept that faith. You tend to hide your beliefs
from those around you, even your friends and trusted
companions. Yourun the risk of ostracism or condemnation
by the authorities if your true beliefs become known.

Deformity (3 pt Slaw)

Some sort of deformity racks your body — a misshapen
limb, a hunchback or some other physical abnormality — that
affects your interactions with others and may make some
physical tasks harder. The difficulties of all dice rolls related to
physical appearance are raised by two, as are some Dexterity rolls
(depending on the nature of your affliction). The difficulties of
Social rolls in regard to those who do not know you are also
increased by one or two; many folk believe deformity is a
punishment sent from God toreflect the nature of atwisted soul.

Lame (3 pt Slaw)

Your legs or feet are injured or do not work effectively.
You suffer a four-dice penalty on all rolls related to move-
mént. Perhaps you cannot move at all and automatically
botch any attempt at travel.

Repulsive Practice (3 pt Flaw)

Your mystickal practices involve the use of tools or
techniques that others find repulsive or offensive. You may
require rotted flesh, blood from infants or human waste in
order to align the powers for your rituals. Your castings them-
selves may horrify those who do not comprehend your need for
them. These tools or practices may even disturb you, but they
are necessary for your magick. Your efforts must be performed
in secret lest even other magi discover the foulness that lies at
the heart of your craft. This Flaw may not be taken by
Infernalists, whose practices already involve perverse mea-
sures. Consult your Storyteller before choosing this Trait.

a

Leper (4 pt Slaw)

You suffer from one of the most feared diseases of the
known world. Leprosy is a scourge that leads to stench and
rotting body parts. Some of your extremities (toes, fingers)
may have been lost already. In any case, you have difficulty
handling small items and performing fine manipulation
(Dexterity Dice Pools are reduced by four). Furthermore,
most people fear and ostracize you, terrified of catching your

dread disease. You will not live long, barring the most |

advanced magickal healing.

Plaque Bearer (4-5 pt Flaw)

You had a close brush with an outbreak of plague and
survived. However, you now carry the disease and pass it to
others, even though youare unaffected by its ravages. Those
who fall ill from association with you may believe that you
have cursed them, if they realize you are the source of their

illness at all. Others may suspect you of trafficking with BS

Infernal powers or of being a demon of sickness.

In game terms, a Stamina roll is made for any with
whom you are in close or prolonged contact. The disease
spreads if the roll fails. The Storyteller may also spread
your contagion as a story element, eliminating any need
for rolls.

If you have the four-point version, you are aware of
your tendency to spread disease and may counteract it
slightly by avoiding contact with others (i.e., keeping your
distance from your companions). If you have the five-point
version, you are ignorant of your condition and do nothing
to contain it.

Dark Fate (5 pt Flaw)

God, Fate, the Devil, the stars or some other great force
has marked you for a hideous end. Whether your death comes
aboutin the fires of the Inquisition, at the hands of asupernatu-
ral enemy or through some catastrophic act of nature, there is
no escape from your ordained demise. Worse, you fear that
salvation and redemption are beyond your reach. Not only will
you die in agony, you will continue to suffer in the afterlife.
Perhaps worse still, all of your hopes and dreams will die with
you, ground into the dust of anonymity. Dreams, visions and
vague premonitions plague you, giving you tantalizing and
horrifying hints of what is to come.

This Flaw (an excellent, if depressing, addition to the
Destiny Background) drives you to near-madness. You may
spend Willpower to avoid succumbing to an overwhelming
despair, but the next reminder of your fate plunges you over the
edge again. Yet, in lucid moments, you revel in the present; you
do not have to live cautiously or circumspectly — your destiny
has already been decided.

Sooner or later, the Storyteller will bring your fate to pass. In
the meantime, you canstrive to wrest some meaning from your lot.
Do not choose this Flaw lightly — your fate will befall you.


= — CRUSADE Y : +g
QRVRT RTL LORE

irls showing their breasts

To draw a fatter clientele

Brawlers, starters of fights

W jugglers with monkeys at heel

Fools and clowns male and female

Who march whistling six by six

Puppets and marionettes

I cry everyone's pardon

N — Francois Villon, "The Testament"

C The Dark Fantastic era is not the 20th century with
Renaissance trappings. The following bits of setting color

don't make you an expert on the 15th century, but they may

help you create an appropriate atmosphere in your games.

Men feed upon these vanities and rejoice in these pomps....

— Girolamo Savonarola

One of the most overlooked aspects of character design
is what your character wears. Certainly it's not as important
as her personality, driving motives, skills or magicks, but
your character's wardrobe does indicate her origins, means,
occupation, tastes or even her political inclinations.

So what's haute couture in the early Renaissance? Well,
it depends a lot on who you are and where you're from.

Fashion Crends

The majority of Renaissance fashions originate in
Italy. The Italians have cornered the silk trade, so the finest
silks, velvets and brocades (as well as a host of other fine
fabrics) are produced by them.

Italian noblemen and merchants don brightly colored silk
hose, held up by decorative, colorful ribbons or jeweled garters
at the knee. Some men wear short "pumpkin" breeches to
cover their thighs, while others wear a looser-fitting form of
hose. These upper leggings are often multicolored and pat-
terned with intricate designs. Gentlemen wear a codpiece to
make up for the lack of fabric between the legs. This piece of
clothing had humble beginnings as a simple piece of cloth that
attached to the upper hose or breeches with ribbon, but it
becomesa "status symbol" by Henry VIII'stime. Some codpieces
are padded or even bejeweled.

A longshirt, most likely of silk or fine linen, laces at the
neck and wrists and is worn over the tights. A man of taste
also wears a doublet — the Renaissance answer to the
fancy-dress jacket. The doublet serves a practical function
as well as a stylistic one. Upper hose are tied to the doublet
and the ties are tucked in or hidden with a belt or sash.
Doublets can be simple affairs of sober, dark wool or they
can be colorful extravaganzas of heavy velvet, fine brocade

and intricate embroidery. A fine dresser finishes his en-
semble with a cape, some well-heeled shoes or boots, and a
flat or round cap with a feather.

And the ladies? An Italian lady of the upper classes going
into the streets wouldn't do so without a pair of chopines (an
early form of platform shoes) to keep her fine shoes and skirt
hems out of the muck. Wearing these stacked shoes under a
heavy dress can sometimes imbalance the lady. Fortunately,
the well-groomed maid has servants to tend to her every step!
Ladies' gowns are styled with a high waist, long skirts and
elaborate sleeves. Dressing begins with a silk or linen underslip
called a chemise, followed by an underskirt of a solid-colored
silk material, over which is worn a heavy skirt or dress of
brocade or velvet. The overskirt or -dress is usually quite
ornamental, decorated with gold or silver trim, embroidery
anda multitude of jewels and beads. The sleeves are tied to the
dress, allowing for versatility as a lady varies her gown simply
by changing the sleeves. Such finery wasn't for everyday,
unless one was noble; wool and broadcloth were often used for
daily wear.

Of course, the lady of taste also wears that essential
fashion accessory — the corset. It's likely made of steel, iron or
stiff leather, to keep the bosom high and the waist at a svelte
13 inches. After all, as Catherine de Medici duly notes, "A
thick waist is bad manners." Normal waistlines are accepted
eventually, and corsets become more ornamental rather than
practical. The lady may also be burdened with a farthingale, an
early form of the hoop skirt created by the Spanish. During the
reign of Elizabeth, the drum-style farthingale makes it quite
difficult for dashing young rogues to get close to their sweet-
hearts, and occasionally to get through doors.

As for ladies' headwear, the cumbersome (if not danger-
ous) pointy hats of medieval days have thankfully passed in
favor of more flattering styles. The gabled hat istreschicinwell- CoP)
dressed English social circles. It sits on the back of the head and Y
is shaped like a small gabled roof — hence the name.

Another significant fashion change occurs in the 15th
century: Women display their hair. During the passe medieval
days, noble women covered their hair (revealing it was consid-
ered sinful), and spent hours in front of the mirror plucking
back their hairlines for a semi-balding effect. It's not uncom-
mon now to see young (unmarried) women wearing their hair
uncovered and simply arranged, perhaps even with a sheer
veil. Married women style theirs in intricate braid designs and
choose head coverings that suggest modesty, but that show off
the intricacy of their locks as well.

Common Folk

The average man or woman cannot afford to observe
fashion trends because they are still in the fields — and in the
dark ages of style.

Peasant women wear chemises, much like noblewomen
but of much less expensive material, over which a simple wool
skirt and front-lacing bodice is worn. Hats vary depending on


CHAPTER II:
THE PLAY'S
THE THING

fA climate and occupation (and wealth or availability of fabric),
but the average housewife wears a variation of the wimple (a
piece of cloth draped about the neck that completely encircles
the face, sometimes topped off with a veil) or a muffin cap,
/ whichlookslikeanextrapuffy beret, wornonthebackon the head.

It's perfectly acceptable for peasant women to expose
their legs below the knee. When you're working the fields, it's
really not practical to drag your skirts — quite possibly your

drawing skirts up to keep them out of
the way.

What if you want your fe-
male character to wear pants?
That's up to you, but under-
stand that her reputation will
be held in serious question if the shape of her
thighs is exposed. Only a prostitute shows her
whole leg.

Ironically, the bare female breast is toler-
ated in the Renaissance. Children must be
suckled, and most women have at least
one: child to care for. It's a lot of
trouble to strip every time a baby
needs feeding, sothe bodice loos-
ens to allow access to the
breasts. Some women, espe-
cially prostitutes and
courtesans, bare their bosoms
in public for other reasons. It's
not that the female breast isn't
attractive in this period, it's simply
not forbidden — and is less intriguing
as a result.

The ordinary working man wears
plainer versions of a nobleman's clothes
— hose or some form of leg-covering
under a long shirt. A tunic replaces the
doublet, although a doublet might be worn for
special occasions. The tunic is typically worn
with a belt. The pocket has yet to be invented,
soeverythinga person carries is hung on his belt
in pouches or is attached to his belt by pieces of
cord. Consider that when deciding what items
your character keeps with him. Ifan item can't
go in a satchel, pouch or on a belt, then it's
probably cumbersome and gets in the way at the
most inappropriate times.

Shoes are an optional part of peasant dress,
partly because they're impractical unless it's ex-
tremely cold, but mostly because they're terribly
expensive. Poor folk, especially children and labor-

ers, often go barefoot. Early Renaissance shoes are
made of leather wrapped around the foot and gA anf
gathered at the ankle, then tied like a bag. The RUA Ser

%
P7 handed down to him or her bya

wood. These are better known as
sabots. Shoemaking is a laborious

craft; you can't just go in and pick
a pair, they have to be custom-
made! Hence, footwear — or the
lack of it — is an indication of
status.

Soldiers

What about fighting men?
Steel is quite expensive and
hard tocome by, soonly noble-
men possess full sets of chain
mail or plate armor. Thus,
only noblemen or their
sons serve as knights. Ev-
eryone else wears armor
made of thick leather, of- 5
ten reinforced with metal &
studs. If your character Wasa
owns armor, it's likely a \ he
piecemeal of several differ- ( ) |

q

ent kinds and is probably

relative (like the "crow's mail" dis-
cussed in The Sorcerers Crusade,
Chapter VII).

Soldiers in the Italian and Swed-
ish armies wear long, organ-pleated
skirts. These troops are considered
the height of military fashion — even
Michelangelo wants to paint their
portraits! Spanish fighting men are
recognizable by their extremely long,
pointed armored shoes. Swiss soldiers
started the fashion known as "slash-

ing." Itconsists of cutting several small
slits in an outer garment, say a doublet,
and pulling through the contrasting
material underneath. Slashing in
sleeves or garments appears in many
countries, from Italy to England, but
the Germanic peoples make the most
use of it.
Slashed intentionally or not, mili-
tary dress takes a beating. Between
training, marching, fighting and the
endless rigors of camp life, a soldier
gets dirty — really dirty. His garments
must be strong and easily mended. A
fine suit is a waste of time and money.
A fighting man lives on his feet, and his
clothes display his hard life.

®

CRUSADE ty = 1
LORE

I =

Fashion trends are usually local and based on whatever
whim the ruling class pursues at any particular time. Styles take
a lot longer to spread than they will in the 20th century —
England achieves the height of Renaissance fashion much
) later than do the Italians or the Dutch. It's perfectly acceptable
J tosee people in a multitude of different styles. Self-expression
is one of the main tenets of intellectual Renaissance philoso-
phy. What better way to express oneself than through clothing?

Yet, despite this crazy patchwork, some fashions remain
constant and some are even prescribed. Mercantile guilds
advise their members to wear dark or somber colors and to
avoid ornamentation to gain and keep their customers' re-
spect. This might seem strange, but consider that black and
indigo dye is extremely expensive; thus, wearing dark clothes
suggests prosperity. Priests and nuns have a standardized dress
code. The cassock, a long-sleeved, robelike garment, is every-
7, day wear for apriest. Ithasa regulation 33 buttons, one for each

medieval times. Keeping warm in the winter months deter-
mines fashion as well. Granted, a peasant's cloak isn't as heavy
or as well-cut as a noblewoman's cloak, but the design and
function are similar.

There are even laws that govern acceptable dress for the
classes. Peasants are not allowed to wear decorative trim or
ribbons except on feast days. Such ornaments are suited only
to those of higher station. Members of the middle class must
take care with the colors they choose, and must never wear
metallic trim; certain colors and gold and silver ornament are
reserved for nobility. These sumptuary laws require that trans-
gressors pay a hefty tax for fashion violations! However, these
laws are dismissed quickly for those who can afford the luxury.

Pride and Prejudice

I send you more salutations than there are thieves in Poland,
heretics in Bohemia, boors in Switzerland, pimps in Spain, drunk-
ards in Saxony, harlots in Bamberg, children of Sodom in
Florence..."

— Ulrich von Hutten (a German)

Many of your character's beliefs and feelings may be
dictated by his origins and social position. A peasant in
northern Europe doesn't behave like a Florentine noble. Other
beliefs are dictated by your character's awareness. If you live in
Spain, for example, but are aware of the political ideas being
discussed in Italy, you may not see the world the same way as
others in your area. Thus, in the Renaissance, as in any other
period, beliefs and attitudes vary, even among people of the
same social stratum or in the same geographic area. There are,
however, a few beliefs that are fundamental to the Renaissance
mind. These outlooks may determine or influence your
character's perspective on the world.

What does the universe look like? To your character or
anyone in the Renaissance — with the exception of Copernicus
and a small group of his students — the universe is a series of
crystal spheres moving outward from a flat, disclike Earth.
Each sphere contains planets or stars, the moon or the sun, and
each of these objects is perfectand heavenly, removed from the
disorderly world. The Earth is obviously imperfect, as are all of
the things on it, from mountains to men. The realm of air is
between Earth and the heavens, and it's inhabited by demons
and angels. These beings are the bridges between complete
imperfection and the ideal.

God created everything in six days and rested on the
seventh. There have been no major changes since. European
culture is Christian. The Church is the rock upon which
people have built their lives for hundreds of years. God sits at
the center of the community and people live for their homes
and therefore for God.

Yet a new belief is starting to spread. This belief —
Humanism — maintains that man should live for himself,
think forhimselfand strive to bea better person—not inorder
to serve God, but in order to serve himself. Your character's
reaction to this and other revolutionary ideas depends largely
on two factors: geography and social position.

Italy

The Renaissance begins in the Italian city-states. Fabu-
lous wealth pours into the area. The magnetic compass has
simplified shipping. The refinement of gunpowder encourages
widespread wars. The printing press, newly arrived from Ger-
many, makes the dissemination of new ideas cheap and easy.
And because they are surrounded by the wonders of the
ancient world, feudal lords, elected officials and rich mer-
chants of every town use their new-found wealth to recreate
the glory that was Rome. This trend is most evident in the city-
state of Florence.

The merchant-princes of the Medici family control a
huge banking and shipping empire based in the city. Lorenzo
de Medici, local businessman and alchemist, turns his com-
modities into gold. He uses that wealth to create the Florence
Cathedral, the first piece of what will become known as
Renaissance architecture. The structure's enormous vaulted
dome, tastefully done in stucco, marble and red tile, dominates
the city and can be seen for miles. Not since ancient Rome has
anarchitect or town dared to create such a monument (at least
in Europe). Work on this building has gone on for over 100
years and its completion is a significant event — one that the
preeminent builders of Europe have long said would never
occur. But it does happen, thanks to the engineering talents of
Filippo Brunelleschi. Not so much an architect as an engineer,
Brunelleschi has studied the buildings of the ancient Romans
and unearthed their secrets of construction.

Imagine that in a culture in which God, Church and
community dominate, the accomplishments of two men,
following an ancient Pagan tradition, rise higher than the rest.


{| This cathedral, this monument to personal pride and excel-
lence — to individualism — stands daily in the sight of even
the lowliest of men. Classical culture has returned to Italy, and
Florence Cathedral is just the beginning. Italy is a center of
{ cultural upheaval for the next hundred years. Merchants,
politicians and even the Church compete to have the best and
most modern artists paint portraits or build homes.

Italian characters are therefore surrounded by a booming
economy, ever more wondrous buildings, bigger schools, prod-
ucts from all corners of the globe, achievements in the arts and
science, and by an indulgent Church. It is an exciting and
turbulent time. The books of Aristotle bring logic into the
world. The works of Erasmus promote the "official" philosophy
of Humanism. Ancient Kabbalistic texts reintroduce the study
of alchemy and magick to the lay population. New and
forgotten ideas arise everywhere and your character — espe-
cially ifhe'sa Daedalean—is probably opentothemall. Awakening
into this climate isn't a shock, it's part of the spirit of the age.

Northern Europe

Much of the money spent to glorify Rome (which had to
catch up with those upstart city-states) came from papal taxes.
Taking a cue from Machiavelli, the Pope demands most of his
taxes from regions that are far from him — the emerging
countries of northern Europe. Thus, while reforms occur in the
south, a very different culture takes shape in the north.

To understand this emerging culture, begin with another
church: a Gothic cathedral, festooned with gargoyles and all
manner of illustrative sculpture. Like Florence Cathedral, this
building's construction has taken centuries. Unlike Florence
Cathedral, it is not finished by a single stroke of genius, but
rather by a series of anonymous innovations taking place over
centuries. It represents the Church and God, rather than
glorifying a man.

To a northern European, architecture and grand monu-
ments do not represent the rebirth of a Classical past, but
reinforce the social order. The castle is the house of the local
lord and the cathedral is the house of the Lord. It's been that
way for centuries.

Yet different ideas are beginning to form. In Germany,
Gutenberg has perfected movable type for the printing press.
In Holland, Erasmus is using this invention to promote his
radical Humanistic philosophy. Centuries of refinement and
tradition, the foundations of the apprenticeship system, are
leading to amazing new techniques in both painting and
architecture. The old feudal order is giving way toa merchant's
republic. A European Renaissance occurs. However, rather
than copy Classical culture, this Renaissance is a result of
centuries of small changes in European's perceptions of the world.

Northern Europe is orthodox. The old Roman culture
does not take root in the cold climate. In fact, it is rejected
entirely. Introducing Greek Pagan philosophies such as those
of Aristotle and Plato into Christian belief is anathema to the
clergy of the north. A greater blasphemy is the selling of

CHAPTER II: f=
THE PLAY'S
THE THING ):

"indulgences" — tickets out of Purgatory. Orthodox priests in
northern Europe, far from Rome, are outraged at the idea.
Meanwhile, secular governors are upset because the Pope
continues to demand higher taxes in order to pay for more
"Classical" buildings in Rome. By the time Martin Luther
initiates the Protestant Reformation in the early 1500s, a large
anti-papal fervor has developed in the north.

This foment is based on the realization that the Church
isself-indulgentand that man should not be. The Puritan work
ethic is born, rooted in Nordic Pagan values like austerity,
courage and endurance. Piety, rather than pomp, is prized
above all things.

Your character prefers an humble environment to an
indulgent one, and is dedicated to tradition and God. Your
Awakening tears you from society's embrace, and the Euro-
pean clergy certainly condemns you. Perhaps magick is the
Devil's art, even to your eyes. You have sold your soul.

The rural peasant still believes in many of the Pagan
traditions, and magic is everywhere. Awakening is a tradition &
to those whose Pagan roots run deeper than their Christian ¥
ones (especially to Celts, Lapps and Slavs). Magick is the work
of the Devil to those who have forsaken the old ways, and
magicians practice secretly among these devout Christians.
Yet even pious common folk can respect someone who walks

the Otherworlds. They never know when they might need him.

Bigotry

Sicilians hate Romans. Scots hate English. Germans hate
Irish. French hate Germans. Florentines hate Neapolitans.
The rich hate the poor. The poor hate the rich. The clergy
hates the congregation. Everyone fears people from other
places and cultures; foreign plagues and wars have killed ~
thousands and destroyed vast lands.

Class, health, religion, nationality, appearance — these
are considered God-given stations. Anyone born into a differ-
ent role than you is suspect. Bigotry favors isolation; the more
distant you are from other regions or social groups, the easier
itis to mistrust or resent them. Yet a character who spends time
among "strangers" begins to identify with them. The more
contact your character has with foreigners and foreign lands,
the more cosmopolitan his outlook is likely to be.

Prejudice also extends beyond Europe and affects you as
you travel. The European belief that the universe is geocentric
has an unspoken addendum: The universe actually centers on
Europe. Obviously, people in the East do not accept this
conviction. In fact, it's as offensive to them asare smelly, hairy,
pork- (or beef- or chicken- or lime-) eating, beer-swilling
Europeans themselves. A European character is one of the
most successful (and hated) barbarians to ever desecrate the
holy places of an ancient and beautiful culture.

Bigotries are overcome by acknowledging your own
culture's flaws and by prizing the virtues of others. Ultimately,
a mage has to get along with all kinds of strangers if she wants
to survive the coming years.



CHAPTER III:
NIGHT-FOLK

‘Wy nights — the vampyrs, werecreatures,
= ghosts and fae-folk whom magi might
ER) encounter. These creatures may be
friends, enemies or completely indiffer-
ent tothe characters. Vampyrs might have ancient lore that
&=.7)\|_ magi seek, but the undead always want something in return,
Tq , i and it isn't necessarily something that a mage is willing to
Ay iy part with. Werewolves might perceive magi, as they do
Vit =most humans, as little more than cattle — certainly not
Vv equals to them, the Goddess' chosen ones. Wraiths are
history without form and know all manner of secrets about
the living world, but is a magus willing to sacrifice his body
to fulfill his cerebral pursuits? Finally, the fae are prevalent
throughout the Dark Fantastic world. Some are prepared to
deal with magi, but the Fair Folk have their own bizarre
agendas and a mage is never certain if he will make a friend
or enemy; all it takes is one right or wrong word.
| The Storyteller is advised to keep this material from
( players. The other supernatural beings of the world should
b be a mystery to the characters and players. Just because the
i players have copies of Changeling, for example, doesn't
mean they know what the fae are like five centuries past —
and even if they do, your faeries, vampyrs and werecreatures
f can be very different from anything published in a White
Wolf rulebook.

Hark! you shadows that in darkness, dwell,
Learn to condemn light.

Happy, happy they that are in hell

Feel not the world's despite.

— Dowland, "Flow My Tears"

General Crossover Notes

Here are answers to some common questions about
interaction between the supernatural beings of the Dark
Fantastic realm. Refer to these guidelines when your players
want to experiment with their characters or the chronicle.

© Magi cannot become vampyrs, werecreatures, faeries
or wraiths, nor may such creatures employ Sphere magick.
Although some powers described here mention Sphere
powers, those references are meant for simulation of other
supernatural abilities, for troupes that do not own the other
White Wolf games.

e A magus who is Embraced by a vampyr loses her
magickal powers. A dead magus who returns as a ghost does
likewise. Faeries, werebeasts and human magi belong to
different species. Each has its own innate occult talent.
They may not use each other's powers; such powers are
assigned by God (or the Devil, depending on your outlook).

¢ Anight-creature with Thaumaturgy, Gnosis or Glam-
our can use basic countermagick (see The Sorcerers
Crusade, Chapter VIII), as long as it has at least one dot in
that Trait. A werewolf who has spent all of his Gnosis
cannot counteract a magickal spell. Such countermagick
requires a Wits + Occult roll, difficulty 6.

© Several Merits in the previous chapter deal with
other magus/night-folk relationships. Refer to those for
further details.

¢ For more details, see the pertinent gameline.


sapere, haps, tended by their mother?"

ng

AY

<I} Heady stuff, with a sweet nectar. The fire seemed to blaze brighter.

~ talisman from his purse, beneath the table. "Please, milord, tell me

a
CRUSADE y Ss TSA
LORE (Er

; ¢ Demon Undead

PED he wine had a strange taste, but André's spell had not revealed poison.
aie His host, seated in an elaborately carved chair, smiled as he lifted a /
chalice in salute. It would be a breach of etiquette to refuse, so the
magus returned the gesture.

A knot popped in the fireplace. Embers flew. A few scattered across
the hearth, glowed for a moment and cooled to ash.

"Wassail to you, too, my friend," André countered. "May you sire many children
and live to a venerable age."

Duke Levitas laughed. "I thank you, good sir. Your toast is admirable, if
unnecessary."

They both drank again and settled into their meal. Servants drifted
across the stone floors on silent feet as the Tytalan and the duke
exchanged pleasantries. The nobleman's daughter watched from
further down the table , but said nothing. She's a pale thing, thought
André, but comely enough for two. He sipped the wine again.

vt

7

(f-

"You have other children?" the magus ventured. "Upstairs, per-

"Of course," replied the duke. "I have a good many offspring. A man
like me is quite virile. It's in the blood, you know."

Young as he was, André didn't miss the mockery in his host' s words.
He's playing with me, thought the magus. There's something about
this alliance that Lord Peter didn't tell me. According to the Rite of
Gabriel, this man was no sorcerer, yet the uncanny aura of the place was
hard to miss. Could my spells have failed? The thought was disturbing.
Still, the wine was sweet, almost compellingly so.

A trap.

"T'm not sure I do." André ‘s voice grew suddenly hard. He drew a

\)

\\ a 4
)

c=

more about your family." The talisman flared to life in his hand.

The wraithlike girl flew suddenly from her seat and flung
herself across the table. Startled, André dropped the Phoenix- —
Stone. It hit the floor and glowed like the fireplace ember. The
servants shrank back.

The duke smiled. "Lord Peter chose well. Just reckless ‘
enough to be stupid." He leaned forward, spearing André with his nA
gaze. Despite his magickal will, the magus could not look away. Whi
"Stiria, please offer our guest more wine." |

André tried to shake his head. It was frozen to his shoulders. «ll
The girl leaned down, kissed him soundly with icy lips and lifted I hy \

iat ~
v ra

SS

cs

the goblet to his mouth. ye
When the girl drew back, André's lips burned fromwineand faa
the kiss. :

"Now," said Duke Levitas, "let us discuss the future of your
alliance and your service — to Clan Lasombra."

Sanguinis Obscuram

Magi fancy themselves possessors of many, if not most,
of the secrets under Heaven. They are inheritors of traditions


CHAPTER IIL:
NIGHT-FOLK

stemming from the lost acropoli of Greece and the ruins
of hoary egypt. And yet, things lurk in the darkness that
are older than they are. Even sorcerers walk the night at
their peril in certain places.

All know the stories of vampyrs — foul spirits inhab-
iting corpses and possessed of a singular thirst for blood.
Magi, however, know that the old legends are true. They
are aware that an entire race of immortal vampyrs stalks
the night, walking (though with increasing
surreptitiousness) among the men and women who con-
stitute their "herd" of blood-kine.

Yes, magi know the legends to be true, but the
particulars differ somewhat from the tales muttered by
wise women. A vampyr is created when another vampyr
drains all the blood from a mortal, and then works foul
rites over the corpse to animate it with the soul of a
demon. (Not all corpses rise in this fashion; most serve as
food and nothing more.) Once a mortal becomes vampyr,
it is eternally Damned; no redemption is possible. So
long as a vampyr drinks sweet human blood, it lives
forever. Vampyrs can be destroyed, though this under-
taking is exceedingly difficult. A slain vampyr returns to
Hell to face Final Judgment.

Magi also know that, not so very long ago, vampyrs
reigned openly over mortals, cementing their tyranny
from towering castles and shadowed estates. The iron
tule of the vampyr lords has been broken in this age of
Reason and Faith; many vampyrs have been uprooted
from their ancestral fiefdoms and forced deep into the
wilderness or anonymity. Still, the Children of the Night
have by no means ceased to trouble mankind. They have
replaced overt brutality with subtle scheming, using
mortal depredations as a veil for their worst excesses.
Many among the mighty yet dance beneath the stringed
talons of the undead. Vampyrs are undying and can
concoct stratagems and machinations that span genera-
tions. Many magi can attest that the centuries-long
hatred of a vampyr is one of the most chilling experi-
ences short of Hell itself.

Magi have learned that these undead are in fact the
possessors of a unique, if twisted, society and culture.
There are vampyr lords and vampyr outcasts, vampyr
"sires" and "childer," vampyr "fledglings" (those under a
century in age) and "elders" (fearsome beings who have
lived for centuries). Vampyrs are proud in their iniquity,
and they claim a history of dark deeds stretching back to
the nights of the pharaohs and beyond. They even
ascribe a Biblical genesis to themselves, claiming to be
descended from Caine, the First Murderer. Perhaps this,
alone among their statements, bears some vestige of
truth. Grimoires speak of dealings with vampyr aristo-
crats who have accounted, in meticulous and
incontrovertible detail, a litany of atrocities dating to
the nights of the Flood itself.

As if this were not frightening enough, the undead
even make war among themselves, using mortals, armies
and entire nations — and occasionally magi — as pawns
in their feints and attacks. Though much of this struggle
is nebulous even to the most discerning magi, it appears
that vampyrs divide themselves along ancestral lines of
blood, and that many of these bloodlines bear ancient
grudges and jealousies. Certain vampyrs also long for a
return to the ancestral nights when they walked openly as
predators. Yet others wish to dwell among mortals and
manipulate them in secrecy. These two factions despise
each other and all of Europe is their battleground.

Cremere, House of the Damned

One order of undead is particularly loathed by Europe's
magi. Somewhere in eastern Europe stands the fortress of
House Tremere. Tremere are vampyrs, but are unique
among the undead in that they were formerly magi of the
Order of Hermes. The house leader actually sought damna- &
tion, transforming his entire order into vampyrs through
foul magical rites; rumor claims that even the other undead
hate him for this, and that the Tremere are friendless among
the Damned.

Not long ago (1201-1350), a bitter war raged between
the houses of Hermes and the corrupted things of Tremere.
This conflict was never really rescinded, but simply grew
too costly for either side to continue. Even now, the Order
remains a dedicated foe of the renegade faction; dire alli-
ances have been struck with other night-folk in the hopes
of fouling Tremere's bastard children once and for all. One
secret pact with Clans Lasombra and Tzimisce links House
Tytalus with the savage vampyrs of the Black Sabbat. As
the Council assembles, plans are underway to sever these
pacts. If revealed, these alliances could destroy the fragile
unity sought in Horizon, and they could serve the Hermetics
up to their enemies.

(To representa Tremere vampyr, use one of the generic
templates below, but raise Mental Attributes by one or
more. Additionally, Tremere retain vestiges of their old
magickal arts. If you do not use the Vampire: The Dark
Ages rules, you may represent this so-called "Thaumaturgy"
with several dots in the Mind, Forces and Spirit Spheres.
These powers are not True Magick and are not subject to
the Scourge. The older the vampyr, the higher his Arete
and Sphere ratings.)

Che Black Sabbat

Not all vampyrs are content to exist as secretive
schemers. Magi in remote regions have heard tales of
entire villages being slaughtered by "packs" of shrieking
undead. These creatures would bring on the Day of
Revelation, dominating the world of men just as Saint
John predicted. These creatures also openly acknowl-


(@

aS ee CRUSADE Y : =
QRVATRTTRZS LORE

edge their demonic taint, paying homage to Belial,
Baphomet and the Eternal Crone through gory and
perverse rites. The hordes of Tezghul the Insane have
many allies within this so-called "Black Sabbat," allies
who ride with them into battle, sup on screaming vic-
tims, and who indulge all manner of atrocities when the
fight is through.
Two "traditions" within this abhorrent group have
pledged themselves to the destruction of House Tremere.
This enmity has made them allies (or pawns) of several
Hermetic Covenants.

© The Tzimisce: These fiendish undead control the
lands of nighted Carpathia. Said to be responsible for the
maladies afflicting many of the region's noble families,
these terrible creatures practice sorceries of their own. It
is difficult to say whether their confederacy or enmity is
the more perilous. Tzimisce are honorable in their fash-
ion, though exceedingly strange, and they put even the

their ranks; certainly, he has leigemen within the sect,
and he understands many vampyric secrets.

Tzimisce vampyrs and their servitors bear horrific
mutilations; some arcane talent allows these nightmares
to reshape living skin and bone into perverse designs.
The fiends often "sculpt" themselves into grotesqueries
and do far worse to their hapless servants. Worst of all,
however, are the torments they visit on their enemies;
living curtains and ghastly battle-beasts are just the
beginning.

(To represent a Tzimisce vampyr, use one of the
generic templates, but raise Mental Attributes by one or
more and add several dots in Torture. Additionally,
Tzimisce can liquefy and warp a victim's flesh and bones
simply by touch. Assume the vampyr has five dice to
spend on this attack, and roll versus the victim's Stamina
+ 4; if the roll succeeds, the vampyr may disfigure, twist
or otherwise maim the victim.)

© The Lasombra: More subtle than their twisted
counterparts, these erudite nocturnes play the scholar's
role among their kind. As the war between the Black
Sabbat and their undead rivals roars into an inferno,
Lasombra emissaries offer much to learn the secrets of
magick. While they seem to have achieved a pact with
darkness itself, molding mere shadows into living form,
their efforts have thus far failed to win them the crown
they seek. Some have taken to less diplomatic measures,
imprisoning or enslaving magi in order to uncover the
mysteries they seek.

(A Lasombra commands darkness itself, warping it
to play ona victim's fears or using it as an extension of his
own body. Simulate this innate talent with several Mind
and Forces 2 enchantments, channeled through sur-

rounding shadows. Like Tremere and Tzimisce, Lasombra
are unusually intelligent.)

Hell-Spawned Strengths

Most vampyrshave at least one of the powers listed below and
eldersof the breed typically have most of these abilities. Allundead
have the gifts of Fangs, Healing and The Blood.

¢ Fangs: All vampyrs bear fangs as part of their
curse. The undead can be distinguished from mortal kind
by this feature. These fangs inflict aggravated damage (as
per the Bite maneuver given in The Sorcerers Crusade
combat tables). Mortals bitten by a vampyr must also roll
Willpower (difficulty 6) or succumb to a hellish and
prurient ecstasy, refusing to resist the vampyr's preda-
tion.

© Might: Most vampyrs possess supernal puissance,
courtesy of demonic aid and their own corpse-bodies. In
game terms, assume that a recently created vampyr has
Physical Attributes in the 3 to 5 range, while a vampyr over
a century old has at least one Physical Attribute in the 6+
range. The most common Trait thus boosted is Strength;
many vampyrs pay bloody credence to the legendary
"strength of 10 men." An enraged vampyr can easily rend
asunder a man in a full mail suit.

© The Blood: Vampyrs drink blood — this much every
tinker and peasant knows. Magi, however, understand that
the vampyric frame transmutes human blood to a marvel-
ous elixir, which animates the dead body and provides the
vampyr with its monstrous powers.

In game terms, vampyrs have 10 "Blood Points" that
can be spent to heal wounds and increase Physical At-
tributes (each Blood Point spent lets the creature raise one

A
NC

Physical Attribute by one point for one scene). Blood Cys

Points return through the drinking of mortal blood; each
pint of blood consumed restores one Blood Point.

© Healing: A vampyr may heal his wounds with little
trouble through those selfsame Blood Points. In game
terms, each Blood Point heals one normal Health Level of
damage. Aggravated damage costs five points plus one day
of rest per Health Level.

* Uncanny Fortitude: Such is the power of the
undead that many of them can shrug off injuries that
would kill several mortal men. In game terms, the Forti-
tude power allows a vampyr to soak one to five Health
Levels of damage (normal or aggravated) automatically,
without a roll.

¢ Immortality: A vampyr is effectively immortal un-
less she meets her end through fire, sunlight or beheading.
Other damage hurts her, but does not destroy her.

© The Bond of Blood: Anyone — mortal, magus or
even vampyr — who drinks three draughts of blood from
the same vampyr on three separate occasions falls under a


f SS Le
CHAPTER II: | Besaenae :
J NIGHT-FOLK ROOOS NOK Vag
= @ine 7 |

f| powerful love spell. The victim becomes a thrall to the
night-creature. Though he may fear or even hate his mis-
tress, she can command him and expect to be obeyed. Such
Bonds (also called Blood Oaths) have tangled magi — whole
Covenants of them! — into alliances with the undead and
have undermined the courts of Europe. Hidden vampyrs
weave their most subtle intrigues through such oaths.

¢ Illusion: Some vampyrs can cloak themselves in an
illusory disguise, appearing as harmless maidens, wretched
beggars or small children. They use this power to lure their
prey into dropping its guard. These vampyrs can also walk
completely unseen or can disappear from mortal sight in an
instant.

¢ Superhuman Senses: It is very difficult to hide from a
vampyr. The undead hear the night-wind and the secrets it
carries; the barking of dogs and the mewing of cats are
intelligible to them, while a faint footfall a league away sounds
like the tread of an approaching colossus.

¢ Superhuman Speed: Many, though not all, vampyrs
move swifter than would seem possible. In game terms,
certain undead can take between one and five extra actions
per turn.

© Shapeshifting: A few vampyrs can assume bat- or
wolf-form, just as the legends say. In bat-form, the vampyr
can fly; in wolf-form, she can lope at double speed and
savage her prey with fearsome fangs. Truly powerful elders
can even become clouds of mist and float away from a fray
unharmed.

© Mesmerism: By gazing into the eyes of a mortal or
animal, and successfully rolling Manipulation + Subter-
fuge against a difficulty of the victim's Willpower, a
vampyr can mesmerize the victim mystically, bending
him to her will. A vampyr may affect magi in this way as
well (see the fiction introduction to this section), al-
though a good mental defense spell (Mind 2), cast before
the mesmerism attempt, may deduct one success from
the vampyr's roll for every success achieved by the
casting magus.

Vulnerabilities

¢ Sunlight: The undead are mighty and terrible foes,
but Sol's cleansing light is as poison to them. A vampyr
exposed to the sun begins to burn, suffering one Health
Level of aggravated damage per turn of exposure.

© Fire: Fire is anathema to the undead; they fear it
greatly, and a properly wielded torch has occasionally saved
a hapless peasant from a hideous death. Fire inflicts aggra-
vated damage on vampyrs and sends them into a horrible
frenzy.

© The Beast: All vampyrs have the souls of demons.
They lapse into berserk frenzies when maddened by
bloodthirst or fear. While thus crazed, a vampyr attacks
anything in the area, including erstwhile allies.

© Rowan Stake: A rowan stake, thrust through the
heart of an undead, drives the creature into tormented
slumber. The vampyr is helpless in this state and may be
disposed of in the traditional way (head chopped off and
mouth stuffed with garlic).

Counters

¢ All vampyrs are immune to the effects of Life magick.
A Life-based spell must incorporate Matter 2 to harm an
undead thing. All other Spheres work normally.

¢ A magus may use basic countermagick against a
vampyr's Thaumaturgy spells.

Masters of Night

The following are basic templates for the various
vampyrs that magi may encounter.

Fledgling Vampyr

This creature haunts large cities and midnight roads,
hiding by day in rundown buildings or (in some cases)
maintaining a double identitie a mortal. Most fledglings
have existed for a century or less; while devious, He's no
match for his elders, and typically relies on numbers and
brute terror.
Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 15/10/3,
Backgrounds 4, Willpower 5
Suggested Attributes: Physical Attributes of 3+; Mental/
Social ratings of 2 or 3
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Hearth
Wisdom 2, Melee 3, Occult 1, Stealth 2, Subterfuge 2, 4
Survival 2
Suggested Powers: One to three of the powers listed above
Gear: Good-to fine-quality clothes, a purse, perhaps a knife
for the recently Changed

Prince of the Undead

The elder has lived for three centuries or more and is
among the most maliciously cunning creature in the world.
Character Creation: Attributes 10/7/5, Abilities 20/15/10,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 9
Suggested Attributes: Physical Attributes 5+, Mental/
Social Attributes 4+
Suggested Abilities: Academics 5, Alertness 5, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Expression 3, Fencing 4, Hearth Wisdom 2,
Intimidation 4, Intrigue 5, Leadership 3, Linguistics 4,
Melee 4, Moneylending 3, Occult 5, Seduction 5,
Stealth 3, Subterfuge 5, Torture 2
Suggested Powers: Most, possibly even all, of the powers
listed above
Gear: Fine-quality clothes and jewelry, guards and retain-
ers, ancient ritual equipment

Ws ean


Sno

\\

\
\

CRUSADE
LORE

\\\ WildVampyr

This feral undead scorns the society of his own Damned
kind, preferring to make his den in sewers, cisterns, plague-
yards and other places of filth. With few exceptions, he and
his kind are abominably foul of visage — appearing as beasts
or outright monsters — and bear the stench of the open
grave.

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 15/10/3,
Backgrounds 2, Willpower 7

Suggested Attributes: Strength 6+, Dexterity 3+,
Stamina 5+, all other Attributes 1 to 2, Appearance 0
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 5,
Archery 3, Brawl 4, Crafts 3, Dodge 3, Enigmas 3, Hearth
Wisdom 3, Herbalism 2, Intimidation 4, Investigation 3,
Stealth 5, Survival 4

Suggested Powers: Claws (Strength +2, aggravated), Un-

Le Vampyr Affairs

in the Renaissance

Vampyrs are the masters of the night in the Dark
Fantastic age. Yet the past few decades have cost them
dearly. The undead struggle to reinvent themselves amidst
the cleansing fires of the Inquisition, while retaining
their vast webs of influence.

© The Camarilla (1450+)

The brainchild of Clan Ventrue's leadership and
Clan Toreador's passion, the Camarilla officially forms
in 1450. It is the result of powerful vampyrs' efforts to
unite the undead clans under a protective banner of
guidance. Young vampyrs cry foul at this claim. To them,
the "precautions" are a pretense, a ruse to gather the
sheep together into a single flock for the shearing — or
the last supper.

Despite the opposition of neonates, many vampyrs
support the idea of a common set of protocols. The most
important of these becomes known as the Masquerade, a
mandate stating that vampyrs may not reveal themselves
to mortals. In order to avoid the witch-fires, the undead
conduct an elaborate ruse, hiding among humans to
escape the notice of the hated Inquisitors.

The confederacy is not without its problems, chief
among them being the almost universal hatred for Clan
Tremere. Tolerated for their magical powers, the ren-
egade Hermetics make many enemies for the nascent
Camarilla — among them, the Houses of Hermes them-
selves. It will be many bloody nights before the magi and the
united clans achieve anything resembling peace. In the

interval, the vampyric sorcerers move their greatest chantry
from Ceoris, Transylvania, to Vienna, Austria — a move
accomplished over the bodies of several dozen Daedaleans.

¢ The Anarch War (1450-1493)

Certain vampyrs (mainly disillusioned fledglings)
reject the principles of the so-called "Camarilla." Rather
than suffer the whims of their sires, they throw off the
shackles of the elders. At first regarded as immature and
impertinent, the anarchs soon demonstrate the ultimate
commitment to their cause by destroying two of the
founders of the undead clans. This patricide touches off
the Anarch War; overt and covert struggles rage across
Europe.

In the end, the Camarilla meets the daunting task
before it; insurrectionist leaders are forced to drink the
blood of their elders. Many anarchs, fearing the power of
united vampyrs, surrender to the Camarilla's wishes.
Many others do not. They drink each other's blood,
swearing oaths of sanguinary fealty to one another rather
than the oppressive elders, and resolve to never suffer
the tyranny of their immortal superiors again.

© The Conspiracy of Isaac (roughly 1444)

Amid the skirmishes of anarchs and elders, another
treachery swirls from the ashes of forsaken loyalty. A
group of Venetian vampyr necromancers known as the
Giovanni usurps the age and power of its progenitor.
With the secret blessing of the aristocratic Ventrue (who
wish to take advantage of the wealthy Giovanni), a
select few Necromancers invite important members of
other clans to aid them in their cause. These vampyrs,
with their "the Conspiracy of Isaac," bring down another
vampyr ancient, and the leader of the Giovanni con-
sumes this monster's soul and takes his place.

© The Sabbat (1490+)

After the bloodshed brought on by the Conspiracy
of Isaac and the failure of the Anarch Revolt, many
vampyrs take their hatred of the elders one step further.
Denying all the precepts imposed by the Camarilla, they
choose to uphold the monstrous majesty of vampyrism
rather than hide among mortal "kine." These marauding
beasts gather into packs for protection and wage a covert
war against the elders they so despise. Peasants, fearing
these "sabbats" of devils and witches, inspire the packs to
present a cohesive front against their enemies. Unified
by a common cause, the Sabbat struggles against its
archnemesis, the Camarilla, in clashes that cost many
lives (and unlives).

It is a dangerous time in vampyr politics, and the
extensive influence of the undead provides an excellent
backdrop — or foreground! — for almost any Sorcerers
Crusade chronicle. The vampyrs have their talons in
many of Europe's pies and it's conceivable to encounter
the Damned almost anywhere.

ES


CHAPTER IIL:
NIGHT-FOLK

pe °
Che Skinchangers

< Ov eRoi gasped desperately for breath as he fell to the forest floor.
5. Gl howls of wolves were all around him. His satchel of implements
ACB was lost far behind. Panic ruled his mind, driving even the
J Oe, simplest incantations from his thoughts. His skin crawled.

AES) How terrifyingly soft and fragile it was , and how easily

it would tear under claws and fangs.

He gasped for air again — and nearly choked on the charnel
reek of fresh gore. His fingers, scrabbling for purchase, caught a
sodden, warm piece of — dear God!

LeRoi flung the gobbet away with a sob. He tried to
scramble to his feet, but could manage to only rise to his
knees. Claudette — poor willful, ambitious Claudette. He
hadn't wanted to leave her, and now the wolves had driven
him in a circle back to her.

Suddenly the howling stopped. The brush parted, and
it stepped through. A wolf — no, surely not, for it was
nearly the size of a horse, with fur like soot and blazing
yellow eyes. The demon's muzzle was spattered with blood
and it stood firm before the weeping LeRoi, impaling him
if with its gaze.

A soft voice with a peasant's accent but a countess' rich
texture, drifted from the shadows behind the brute. "This is
not your land. Keep your feet to the roads and the cities —
or feed this soil with your entrails." LeRoi thought he saw a
flash of eyes, somewhere off in the cloying dark. Then the
massive wolf tensed, and his attention leaped back fully to the
killer before him.

"Now run, for great Garm here will bide only moments
more — and then he will come for you."

LeRoi was on his feet again, racing for the sunlight,
tripping over fallen branches and trying desperately not to
think of the crashing noises drawing ever closer...

Beasts in Human Skin

In the Age of Exploration, the desire to chart the
unknown runs stronger than ever before. Ships ply the
seas, foresters cut ever deeper into ancient glades, and
traders cross the steepest mountains. But many of the
wild places are still wild, and their defenders are dead-
set on keeping them so. Whether magus or human,
Christian or Pagan, trespassers in these sacred sites often
find nothing but swift death at the talons of the Moon's
children — the werebeasts.

Common lore describes the shapeshifters as hu-
mans able to take beast forms; the learned occult
scholar knows better. Werecreatures show all the
fevered emotion, savagery and low cunning of animals
able to wear human guise — and so, mysticks reason,

—

ZZ
Ar


a eee

CRUSADE
LORE

city streets amongst the herd of humanity remain somehow
apart, their only truly human trait being the skin they wear.

Werewolves

The most common of the shapechangers are the war-
riors of the breed — werewolves. Swift, furious and strong,
werewolves haunt the wild lands between cities, hunting
animal, human and Awakened prey alike.

Wolf-changers keep to themselves for the most part.
This is a time of change, true — but few wolf-men consider
human affairs worth their attention. But there's an excep-
tion: Werewolves are highly territorial creatures and often
adopt certain human communities or wolf packs as their
own. Anyone who threatens these charges — or who tries
to draw Quintessence from their sacred grottoes and vales
— usually finds herself torn to shreds and strewn across the
deep forests of Europe.

Unfortunately for many concerned, not all

< werewolves keep to the forests. A few live like other

humans in the city, although they always have a certain
something, a predatory aura to them that keeps them a

\_-g measure apart. These urbanites follow human progress

with great interest and an element of detachment. But
when their volatile souls are moved to action, blood
soaks the cobblestones.

Few magi survive a clash with werewolves. Those who
do tell cautionary tales. Lore states that the wolf-changers
are the deadliest of their ilk, particularly since they operate
in packs. They augment their already inhuman fighting
prowess with Gifts (spirit-powers) that increase their speed
and strength; with supernatural abilities granted by their
totems; and even with the occasional war fetish, such as
their silver daggers, called klaives (which do aggravated
damage to any creature). Many sorcerers have attempted to
parlay with werewolves in an attempt to gain these jugger-
nauts as allies in trying times — but virtually all have failed.
The werewolves seem to respect only the Dream-speakers;
yet not even the masters of Spirit gain much ground with
the wild ones.

Ceilican Werecats

Tales of "devil-cats" cantering through the rural
villages of Europe have a very dark ring of truth to them.
Such legends typically arise from the activities of the
Ceilican, fae-blooded cat-people with mystic powers and
lurid appetites. Although born to wildcats, these danger-
ous creatures are reputed to prefer dipping their paws in
human affairs — whether the humans like it or not —
than remaining in the wilds.

Once renowned for their hedonistic lifestyles and
playful "games" with mortals, the Ceilican no longer have
the luxury of idle play. These fae cats ride the South Wind
to extinction, hounded by Inquisitors, fearful townsfolk

and Gabrielite beast-hunters. Most devil-cats forge pacts
with whomever (or whatever) will listen, in hopes of saving
themselves. Some even flee Europe entirely, stowing away
on ships in hopes that the "New World" they hear about
might prove more hospitable.

Tragically, the Ceilican lend a shred of truth to tales
that link cats and witches. The werecats have a healthy
interest in the whys and wherefores of human magick, and
aren't above tagging along with a sorcerer to learn a few
trade secrets. However, woe to the errant mystick who
decides that a Bastet would be a perfect subservient com-
panion or an ideal romantic partner — the cats don't play
by anyone's rules but their own. Even the closest allies of a
Ceilican find themselves dancing to the tune of the werecat's
mindgames.

Ratkin

In the thickest, filthiest boroughs of the expanding
cities, some people whisper frightened tales about intelli-
gent rats, creatures that poison cats and dogs and wield tools
and weapons — and murder people in their sleep. Ancient
lore from the first cities records tales of similar beasts — the
wererats.

The rat-shifters are rumored to be plaguebearers of the
worst sort, creatures who deliberately spread sickness through
human communities while remaining untouched by their
own poxes. Some tales also paint them as assassins, crea-
tures willing to lead swarms of rats from the gutters to
devour clergy and noblemen in their beds — if properly
motivated. Their existence proves something of a chal-
lenge to the Cosians, as well. When virulent illnesses strike
an area suddenly, these magi often gather in hopes of
capturing a wererat and analyzing its supernaturally pesti-
lent nature. They have yet to succeed; by the time the magi
arrive, any rat-shifters that may have been there have long
since vanished.

Whatever the truth behind the Ratkin, many mysticks
agree that such creatures probably inhabit catacombs, laby-
rinthine burrow complexes or well-hidden warrens below
humankind's cities. Although some have tried to ferret out
these dens, none have returned; presumably the Ratkin are
capable of winning any fight waged in their territory and on
their terms.

Wereravens

Few people know that some werecreatures wear feath-
ers instead of fur. Fewer still realize that the carrion birds
wheeling above battlefields may be carrying word of intrud-
ers to the werebeasts of the wild. Even the human legends
of the Morrigan, Hugin, Munin and their ilk are but
shadows of the truth. The Corax have always been careful
to make sure that they know more about others than others
know about them.

Neil
NAO
BOC


Fi

= = (Cj =

Although far less infamous than their savage brethren,
the raven-folk are fairly widespread throughout Europe.
Their presence is rarely noted, even by Awakened wit-
nesses; one expects to see ravens at a battlefield or following

{ acaravan. The Corax seem content to simply watch the

events of the time, storing away the outcomes of wars or the
passage of armies for their own benefit. Certainly they don't
share their counsel with humankind or even mysticks.
However, ravens occasionally descend into the dark reaches
of the Black Forest, into the remote highlands of Scot-
land or into other places where werewolves rule.
Whatever words pass between the creatures, no human
can say. But sometimes Daedalean troops are annihilated
in surprise attacks by berserk werewolves, or by traps that
must have been set for them — and the only ones left to
note the victims' end are the ravens, who descend to eat
their fill.

Legacies of the Moon

Although skinchangers come from many cultures and
take the forms of many beasts, all have a few traits in
common:

© War Form: They are able to assume the forms of a
human, a beast or a nightmarish "war form" that blends the
aspects of both. In this middle form, a werebeast's Physical
Attributes tise far above human limits, according to his
species (werewolves double all of their Physical Attributes,
wererats and werecats enjoy greatly increased Dexterity
and moderate gains to Strength and Stamina). However,
changers' Social Attributes drop significantly in "war form"
(or Crinos, as they call it). The very sight of a werecreature
in Crinos invokes a terrible, instinctive fear in un-Awak-
ened humans, who may even lose their minds temporarily
when confronted by these primeval killers.

¢ Innate Speed: Skinchangers move with remarkable
speed and are capable of taking two to five actions ina single
turn (although they can maintain such quickness for only
short bursts).

© Regeneration: Werewolves and their relations heal
remarkably quickly, recovering one Health Level per turn.
Only silver, fire or other aggravated forms of damage cannot
be regenerated so quickly (and the changers have ways of
healing even these).

¢ Spirit Powers: Shapeshifters enjoy very close relations
with the Middle Worlds, and many can shadow-walk (step
sideways) at will. They have a number of rites and powers that
enable them to coerce spirits into doing their bidding. Al-
though they cannot manipulate the Gauntlet itself, most have
the equivalent of at least Spirit 2. In addition, they often carry
fetishes that aid them in their duties.

¢ Awesome Attacks and Resilience: The teeth and
claws of werecreatures inflict aggravated damage.

Shapeshifters can also soak aggravated damage (with the
exception of that taken from silver).

¢ Gifts: Werecreatures have certain "Gifts," mystical
tricks that allow them to run without leaving a scent,
summon handfuls of flame and animate oaks into battle.
The older the shapeshifter, the more potent his powers.
These creatures fuel their Gifts with Gnosis, spirit energy.
Asaresult, they often take powerful Crays as their own, the
better to tap the spiritual energy there. They guard these
sacred sites to the death. (See the Cray Background in The
Sorcerers Crusade, Chapter IV.)

Counters

¢ A magusis totally helpless before a werebeast's claws,
unless he casts a Life 3 spell to protect himself before an
attack begins. Although a Storyteller might allow a sorcerer
to soak aggravated claw damage, we do not recommend it.
There are reasons why sorcerers fear these night-folk —
very good reasons!

e A magus with Spirit can try to use basic
countermagick against a werebeast's Gifts, if a Gift is
used against the magus directly. For example, a Gift that
reduces a sorcerer to a quivering heap might be coun-
tered, but one that transforms the ground beneath her to
mud cannot be. No other Spheres may be used to counter
werebeast magic.

Bloody Beasts
Urban Werewolf

She paces among the human sheep, confined by her
own will, but restless nonetheless. She wanders the streets 4
hungrily by night, sniffing out the secrets hidden from
others of her kind.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/7/5, Abilities 20/15/5,
Backgrounds 3, Willpower 5

Suggested Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Suggested Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 3, Animal
Ken 2, Archery 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 1, Brawl 4,
Cosmology 1, Crafts 3, Culture 3, Dodge 3, Enigmas 2,
Etiquette 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Intrigue 3, In-
vestigation 3, Larceny 2, Law 2, Leadership 3, Linguistics 3,
Lore 2, Medicine 1, Meditation 1, Melee 4, Occult 2,
Science 1, Stealth 2, Subterfuge 3, Survival (Urban) 3
Suggested Powers: Strength +1 Bite; Strength +2 Claw.
Often skilled in human weapons, the urban werewolf can
also call on Gifts and rites that control and manipulate
man-made objects, as well as sway human thought.

Gear: Poor- to fine-quality clothes, a purse, a forest me-
mento

é .
nd

4 CRUSADE 2\\5 =
LORE

The magickal power pulsating beneath the earth is
sacred to this guardian of forbidden places. To rob the
caern is to rape the Earth Goddess — and to court a messy
death at the hands of Her Pagan children. Not even
witches dare challenge such creatures. A shared rever-
ence does not translate into camaraderie — or to
"borrowing privileges."

Character Creation: Attributes 9/7/5, Abilities 20/15/5,
Backgrounds 2, Willpower 6

Suggested Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 4, Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3,
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 3, Ar-

A ‘ chery 2, Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 4, Cosmology 3,

Crafts 2, Dodge 3, Enigmas 3, Etiquette (Garou) 2,
Expression 2, Herbalism 2, Intimidation 3, Law
(Garou) 1, Leadership 3, Lore 3, Medicine 2,
Meditation 2, Melee 3, Occult 3, Stealth 3,
Subterfuge 1, Survival (Woodlands) 4

Suggested Powers: Strength + 1 Bite; Strength + 2
Claw. The caern defender's Gifts and rites usually allow
her to call on natural forces such as wind, fire, earth and
wood. They also heighten her combat abilities.
Weapons the _ wilds

Ceilican Rogue

So sleek! So lean! So utterly seductive! With a flash of
his shining eyes, this sophisticate can soften the hardest
heart or convince the shrewdest noblewoman to put her
riches in his safekeeping. The fact that he would never
— could never — keep his troth cannot hinder the
affection he engenders when he looks into the eyes of his
prey.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/7/5, Abilities 20/15/5,
Backgrounds 4, Willpower 4

Suggested Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 3, Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4,
Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Suggested Abilities: Acrobatics 2, Alertness 3, Animal
Ken 2, Archery 2, Artist 2, Athletics 3, Awareness 2,
Brawl 2, Cosmology 1, Culture 1, Dancing 3, Dodge 3,
Enigmas 3, Etiquette 3, Expression 2, Fencing 3, Hearth
Wisdom 3, Intrigue 1, Larceny 3, Linguistics 2, Lore 4,
Medicine 1, Melee 3, Occult 3, Seduction 3, Singing 2,
Stealth 3, Survival 2

Suggested Powers: Strength +1 Bite; Strength +2 Claw.
Many are skilled at swordplay. Ceilican magic calls on
fae energies to spin glamours and stir hearts; werecats are
masters of illusion and mental manipulation.
Gear: Fine clothes, jewelry, dice, sword, dagger

Gear: made in

Ratkin Cutthroat

Caked in filth, this degenerate curls himself into a ball
at the coming of winter. Even in human guise, the Ratkin
bristles with wiry hair and spouts cutting curses at whom-
ever disturbs his rest. However, he'll cure what ails ye, for
a price — assuming that cure involves a little skullduggery
and a plague of nasty tricks.
Character Creation: Attributes 9/7/5, Abilities 20/15/5,
Backgrounds 3, Willpower 5
Suggested Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Animal Ken 1, Athlet-
ics 2, Brawl 3, Cosmology 1, Crafts 1, Culture 1,
Dodge 4, Hearth Wisdom 2, Herbalism 1,
Intimidation 3, Intuition 2, Larceny 4, Linguistics 2,
Melee 3, Occult 2, Poisons 4, Stealth 5, Subterfuge 3,
Survival (Urban) 4, Torture 2
Suggested Powers: Strength +1 Bite. Many carry fetish
daggers. Ratkin Gifts and rites usually focus on stealth and
shadow manipulation, inflicting magical poisons and dis-
eases on their foes and escaping from bonds or tight situations.
Gear: Soiled clothes (if any at all), fetish dagger, bones,
filth

Corax Spy

Child of the Sun and companion of Odin One-Eye,
this witty fellow excels at intrigue. Shedding his cloak of
feathers, he moves throughout polite society, watching
from the shadows or hidden places. His curiosity sated, he
beds his nest with tasty gossip — or claims the reward of a
wet, glistening eye with which to feed his hunger.
Character Creation: Attributes 9/7/5, Abilities 20/15/5,
Backgrounds 5, Willpower 6
Suggested Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 5,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Suggested Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 5, Animal
Ken 2, Archery 1, Athletics (Flight) 4, Awareness 2,
Brawl 1, Cosmology 2, Crafts 1, Culture 3, Dodge 4,
Enigmas 4, Etiquette 3, Expression 3, Hearth Wisdom 3,
Instruction 2, Intrigue 4, Investigation 5, Larceny 3, Law 2,
Linguistics 3, Lore 2, Medicine 2, Meditation 1, Melee 2,
Occult 4, Research 3, Science 2, Stealth 4, Subterfuge 4,
Survival (Woodlands) 3
Suggested Powers: Strength +2 Claw; however, wereravens
prefer flight to fighting. Their supernatural abilities lean
toward spying and communication, although they can also
manifest several solar magics granted to them by their
patron, the Sun.

Gear: Low- to moderate-quality clothes, intercepted mes-
sages, shiny objects, love letters (others')


CHAPTER III:
NIGHT-FOLK

af] Shapechangers
/ inthe Renaissance

Although the Renaissance is a time of sweeping change
for human society, Garou culture remains much as it has
always been. Most Garou care little for the Inquisitions
or witch-hunts sweeping the land and intervene only
when their precious Kinfolk are threatened. Further-
more, it's not a time of great communication between
septs; apart from a concolation every five years or so, the
vast majority of Garou are content to tend solely to their
own territories.

The Pure Ones of the Americas remain all but
untouched at this time, and play no major role in the
Garou Nation as European werewolves know it. Simi-
larly, the Stargazers as a tribe remain withdrawn and
introspective, a legend even to the Akashics, with only
the rarest wanderer of the tribe leaving the Orient to
walk among his distant cousins. The Bunyip, hidden in
aland noone has "discovered," are nothing more than an
evening's curious tale to European shapeshifters.

Of the tribes that remain, the Bone Gnawers, Silent
Striders, Children of Gaia, Red Talons and Warders (the
tribe that eventually calls itself the Glass Walkers) are
fairly evenly distributed across the continent. The rest
have yet to be driven from their ancestral territories,
although many septs feel pressure from the Gabrielite
campaigns.

Northern Europe is held by the Get, who claim
territory even into Germany. The Silver Fangs reside
mostly in Russia, but have established a sprinkling of
caerns near the capitals of France, England and Spain.
The Shadow Lords haunt the forests, peaks and valleys of

eastern Europe. The Fianna have yet to venture beyond
the British Isles. Perhaps the most aggressive tribe of the
time is the Black Furies. The Furies ferociously defend
their ancestral lands along the Mediterranean Sea from
Turkish invaders, but many also venture beyond, stalk-
ing Inquisitors and opposing the Burning Times.
Regrettably, they have little success — their tribe is
spread too thin and their haughty demeanor wins them
few allies in foreign territories. Although the Furies'
Kinfolk form a continental organization called the Sis-
terhood (used to ferry accused witches into hiding), each
fight with witch-hunters weakens the tribe a little more.

There are few intertribal packs at this time; the
handful that exist are often collections of Warders,
Black Furies and Children of Gaia who refuse to ignore
the atrocities of the age. These humanitarian groups are
often harried by more conservative Garou, who see no
need to interfere in human affairs other than to protect
their own territories and Kin. Worse, some septs of 5
Shadow Lords and Red Talons point to the turmoil as a }
sign that humanity has perhaps developed too much hubris
for its own good — and that something must be done.

As for the other Changing Breeds, their influence is
decidedly limited. The Ratkin are perhaps the busiest
and most populous non-Garou shifters in Europe, al-
though their chief goal is nothing more ambitious than
survival. The Corax act as spies and messengers as they
always have, but rarely intervene in human business.
The Gurahl — werebears — have apparently disappeared
from Europe, and the rapidly vanishing Ceilican are the last
remnants of Bastet in the area. As the Order of Reason
sweeps the lands and injured pride keeps the Changing
Breeds from approaching the Garou for aid, the shapeshifters
simply lay low and wait for tomorrow.


NESS eee CRUSADE

€

——

Che Restless Dead

phrodite rose from the same waves that I do, though
there are no portrait painters waiting for me. My
galley, Benedizio, lies broken under the Cytherean
YW) waves and with itlie the bodies of my crew. What
is left of those bodies, I should say — the fish
and scavengers have been at them and the
remains are not beautiful. In pace
requiescant, as the late Monsignor Graffanino would say.
Alas, he is on the ocean floor as well, and it is left for me to say
MRA those words.
IASY A pity, is it not, that I am dead as well? I cannot help but
y qj wonder if my blessing will carry less weight, seeing as it comes
Xp) \ from a ghost. But it is no matter — dead I may be, but there is
still work to attend to. Our passengers, three men whom the cook,
Gaetti, distrusted as having "the evil eye," are the only survivors of
<< the wreck of my ship. They sit now on a raft cobbled by sorcery from the
}2 broken planks and beams of my Benedizio, discussing the nature of the
An) storm that sunk us and whether they should put into shore.

They do not realize they have another passenger.

Itis clear from their discussion that the storm was intended to sink
the Benedizio, solely because of their presence on board. My ship, my
cargo, the lives of my crew were as nothing to whatever called up that
wind. I resent that, and I resent that the lives of the men who served
me were sacrificed for these three smiling, laughing men. There is a
demonic voice in my head that has made me an offer — revenge first
on these three and then on whomever sent the storm. And the cost,
well, it does not seem so very high.

Soon, there will be four dead men aboard this raft... and then
the hunt begins in earnest.

Che Unguiet Grave

Wraiths are an enigma wrapped up in a puzzle surrounded
by a mystery, at least as far as the inhabitants of the Renais-
sance are concerned. Powerful enough to shatter stones and
make the skies rain blood, wraiths are nonetheless frail things;
a child can walk through even the mightiest wraith as if he
weren't even there. The Restless Dead are also trapped be-
tween worlds, caught between the implacable demands of
wraith society and the sometimes inexplicable forces that
bind them to the lands of the living. Attempts to manipulate
or simply deal with ghosts are therefore fraught with peril.
After all, wraiths are beings and powers in their own right
—they donot exist at the whim of or for the needs of others.

The Shadowlands in which wraiths dwell is a decayed
vision of the landscape of the living world, overlaid on and
woven into what mortal men see. A man and a wraith may
stand in the same place in the same cathedral and see the
same nave and apse, but their vision relates very different
things. To the living man, all is splendor and glory, polished
gold and shining flame of tapers. To the wraith, everything

val

299
: ¢

Lee

: —

a


TUE

CHAPTER III:
NIGHT-FOLK

is ruin and rot, the splendor of centuries past. The wraith
can also peer into the Skinlands, though with distorted
vision, seeing the form of the mortal (marked by the sickly
aura denoting his life-force) standing in the midst of the
decay.

Separating the world of the living (the Skinlands) from
the land of the dead (the Shadowlands) is a veil of disbelief
called the Shroud. This barrier is strengthened by the power
of skepticism, and its resilience increases daily.

Ghosts are a very real part of the Renaissance world.
Few mortals doubt the existence or the power of the
Restless Dead, though the exact origins of the souls of the
dead are disputed. Devout mortals are firm in their belief
that wraiths are seducers sent forth from the Pit — or
heavenly messengers warning of the perils of perdition.
Ghostly tales of the rotted Shadowlands, horrific Spectres
and Stygia, the City of the Dead (where human souls are
given to unearthly flames) are easily transmuted into stories
of Hell.

Other, more "rational" mortals suspect what the ulti-
mate origins, purposes and destination of the Restless Dead
might be, but remain quiet for now. The witch-fires burn
hot, and there's no sense in proving theories on the afterlife
by example.

The Underworld

Wraith society is not homogenous. Rather, it is
divided into a number of mutually suspicious factions
bordering on open conflict. The most powerful group is
the Hierarchy, also known as the Empire of Stygia,
which reaches out from its timeless capital city on the
shores of the Sunless Sea. Stygia has no real-world
equivalent, though it is composed of the ghosts of the
stones of Byzantium and Rome, Jerusalem and Babylon,
Memphis and Tyre, and every other imperial city that
ever was. From here, the Imperator Charon and his
Deathlords rule, sending out Legions for their tithes of
souls. Obedient citizens of the Hierarchy are forbidden
from interfering with the living by a decree called the
Dictum Mortuum. This law is honored more in the breach
than in observance.

The Hierarchy is the most orderly society of wraiths,
but it is byno means stable. Stygian ranks are currently split.
So-called "Freewraiths," craftsmen and artisans of the Guilds,
are at war in the streets. Even as the Legions struggle to keep
order, Stygia's most skilled wraiths fight a shadow war that
rages from the Skinlands to the heart of the Imperial City.
Many of the most potent Guildwraiths have already been
destroyed in the conflict, which has become known as The
War of the Guilds. The war is ostensibly fought to remove
the Artificers — those wraiths who forge others into the
coveted substance known as soulsteel — from their position
of pre-eminence in the Guilds' councils. However, innu-

merable other conflicts flare up as well, and the Artificers
are only too glad to make use of the casualties.

In opposition to the Hierarchy are the Heretics, their
ranks bolstered daily by the victims of the assorted religious
conflicts raging across the Continent. By the time of The
Sorcerers Crusade, the once-unified Fisher movement has
been decimated, its survivors splitting into innumerable
squabbling factions. Some of these devout wraiths have
journeyed across the Sunless Sea to the Far Shores, islands
that supposedly embody Heaven itself. Charon has pro-
claimed the Far Shores to be hoaxes and their masters to be
frauds. Needless to say, the faithful among the dead doubt
his word.

Closer to home, many wraiths of Heretical bent seek
the mystical state known as Transcendence, though no two
Heretic cults can agree on what that is. Therein lies the
Heretics' problem: Splintered into a thousand different
cults in a thousand different locations, they work at cross-
purposes to achieve the same ends.

A third faction of Stygian society, gleefully at war with
the others, is the ragtag rabble known as Renegades. Allies
of convenience, not choice, Renegades welcome those to
whom neither obedience nor religion has any appeal. Some
Renegades are dedicated freedom fighters. Others are ruffi-
ans and highwaymen who prey on weak wraiths. Still others
have been made outlaws by overenthusiastic prosecution of
the Dictum Mortuum. After all, any contact with the living
that'snotofficially sanctioned by Stygiaisconsideredacrime....

Stygian wraiths are not the only example of the breed.
Other Dark Kingdoms exist in Africa, the Far East and in
exotic locales. The so-called Risen are ghosts who have

climbed back into their rotting mortal shells and reani- 4

mated their corpses for purposes stronger than death itself.
Risen are rare and often leave destruction in their wake.
Hierarchy wraiths have explicit orders to destroy any Risen
they find, but such efforts can cause more destruction than
the Risen itself.

The last classification of wraiths is Spectres, also known
as the Shadow-Eaten. Spectres are wraiths who have been
conquered by their base, dark natures and who have given
themselves over to the service of Oblivion. Wraiths' fac-
tional squabbles come to an end when Spectres arrive on
the scene; Oblivion's servants are the ultimate enemy.

Shadows

Every wraith has a dark side, known as her Shadow. A
constant presence in the ghost's mind, the Shadow is equal
parts tempter and trickster, destroyer and seducer. It seeks
to drag its better half down to Oblivion in a self-destructive
frenzy, at the same time working toward the ruin of all that
the wraith holds dear. The Shadow is simultaneously the
wraith's evil half and an almost distinct personality. It can
come to the fore when dark emotions seize the wraith.

YZ

J)

i


BN

3 CRUSADE
LORE

="

When the Shadow is in command, it often completely
disregards any alliances or acquaintances that the normal
persona, called the Psyche, might have. Such actions can
confuse and offend those who know the wraith, but don't
know her Shadow; one's Shadow and its tricks are not
topics of polite conversation. Wraiths also tend to remain
quiet about the existence of the Shadow to non-ghostly
companions. Just as death is omnipresent but never dis-
cussed by the living, the Shadow is omnipresent but never
discussed by the dead.

The other option that a Shadow sometimes has is to
play along, pretending to be the Psyche and attempting to
ruin whatever plans the Psyche has laid with her allies.
Betrayal, backstabbing and deliberate misinformation are
not beneath a Shadow, and many have Dark Passions that
are fulfilled by such damnable acts.

There is no sure way to tell when a wraith's Shadow
has come to the fore. There may be subtle hints in the
<j wraith's visage —a sneer instead of a smile, an appraising

tion of anew ghostly relic that betrays unholy origins —
but more often, dearly bought experience may be the
only true indicator.

Interactions with Mortals

Despite "official" forbiddance, many ghosts take the
opportunity to run amuck in the mortal world. Apparitions,
manifestations and poltergeist hauntings are some of the
favorite methods by which energetic wraiths reach across
the nascent Shroud. There is much to be gained from
interactions with the denizens of the Skinlands.

Wraiths are effectively immortal, spanning the ages.
Assuch, they may know secrets lost to the living for decades
and may be willing to share with a properly respectful
petitioner. Furthermore, all wraiths are tied to objects (or
places or people) in the Skinlands, colloquially known as
Fetters. If a mortal is willing to tend a wraith's Fetters, the
ghost may be willing to do all sorts of favors in return. As
wraiths are invisible, nearly indestructible and have the
ability to walk through walls, they make excellent spies and
scouts. On the other hand, threatening a wraith's Fetters is
a superb way to get him to do what you want — until such
time that you slip and he seeks vengeance.

Ghosts depend on the living for what they call Pathos,
the spiritual energy that fuels their unearthly existences;
they are fed by emotions in the living that echo or mimic
their own. Some of these Passions relate to specific indi-
viduals. For example, a wraith may be driven to protect his
widow after his death. Should he succeed in his task, he is
rewarded with Pathos. He would also be rewarded if he
witnessed another soul working toward the same goal or
even toward simple protection of another.

Magick workers and restless souls have come into
conflict more than once. Many sorcerers kill and many of
their victims have become wraiths, hell-bent on ven-
geance. There is also the matter of Haunts, places of strong
emotion where the Restless gather to collect Pathos. Many
of these locales draw the attention of magi who seek to drain
the burbling Quintessence there. Local ghosts don't look
kindly on such piracy. Still, most interaction between
wraiths and magi is cautious rather than conflicted. Neither
side knows what the other is truly capable of, and no one
seeks a potentially ruinous struggle.

Ghostly Powers

Many wraith situations and powers, especially their
Arcanoi, have no readily convertible equivalent in Mage:
The Sorcerers Crusade. Storytellers are therefore encour-
aged to be creative and liberal in their treatment of wraith
powers. In essence, Arcanoi's range covers the gamut of
"classic" ghostly powers, from poltergeists flinging crockery
to blood dripping from the walls to horrific nightmares
being inflicted by the dead.

¢ Life in Death: A wraith can see the decay and rot
within a living thing or object in the real world. The wraith
knows how close the subject is to death or destruction.

¢ Immaterial: Wraths are completely invisible and
intangble. However any forceful contact with the area
where the wraith is "standing" gives the wraitha single level
of damage, and disrupts his physical state for a number of
turns equal to his stamina rating. During this time, no
further physical damage can be done to the wraith (except
by another ghost). Wraiths willing to risk the injury can
walk through doors, walls and other physical objects.

© Poltergeist: The wraith can "throw" handheld ob-
jects, break things and cause harm to the living. Make
Melee or Brawl attacks normally against a living target,
although each attack receives one success automatically.
Damage is determined with a Strength roll.

¢ Exhaust: A living target is tapped of strength and
will; he feels defeated and completely exhausted. Resisted
Willpower rolls are made. For each success achieved by the
wraith in excess of the target's roll, the victim's Willpower
pool is reduced by one.

© Spirit Travel: The wraith is able to fly in the physical
world and can appear and disappear at will. The Storyteller
can locate the ghost wherever he likes at any moment.

© Haunt: The wraith can speak across the Shroud and
even assume ghostly appearance in the Skinlands. People
witnessing these phenomena must make Willpower rolls
(difficulty 8) or flee in panic.

© Possession: The wraith can force itself into a victim's
body, taking control of the host. A successful resisted Will-
power roll is required for the wraith to take possession. Another


N : 7, 3
CHAPTER III:
Z NIGHT-FOLK

toll is called for every time the wraith attempts to perform an.
action that offends the living soul or defies its will.

¢ Inhabit: The wraith can possess unliving objects,
entering and taking control of them. This includes in-
animate objects, but could also apply to the bodies of the
dead. The wraith acquires the physical capabilities of the
object, but retains its own mental capacities. Imagine
the damage that a wraith could cause by inhabiting
objects in a magus' laboratory or by inhabiting cannons
or siege machines on a battlefield.

¢ Dreamwalk: The wraith can enter and control the
dreams of a sleeping mortal. A resisted Willpower roll is
required between wraith and potential victim to enter
the subject's dreams. Subsequent rolls are also required
to control those dreams. This power can be used to
convey messages, offer warnings or drive the victim mad.

¢ Horrify: The wraith can put on an otherwordly
display of horrific images intended to terrify anyone who
witnesses them. Walls bleed, statues move and moan,
stairways grow mouths and teeth, and shadows seem to
take on lives of their own. A successful Willpower roll
(difficulty 9) is required to remain calm before such
sights. A botched roll may result in the victim being
driven insane.

Counters

© Ghosts are totally immune to Life- or Matter-based
spells. A combination of Spirit and Prime magick acts like
the Life Sphere against them. Unless the wraith has mate-
rialized or possessed a living thing (or material object), it is
effectively immune to every Sphere except Spirit or Prime.

¢ A mortal cannot see a wraith without magick (Spirit
1), unless the wraith assumes material form or "appears"
somehow through her powers. An astute mortal might
sense an invisible ghost's presence (Perception + Aware-
ness or Occult, difficulty 6), but would not be able to
actually see the spirit.

¢ A particularly nasty magus could draw off a ghost's
Corpus (Health Levels) through a spell involving Prime 4/
Spirit 4. The wraith could try to soak this damage with a
Willpower roll (difficulty 6). A ghost "drained" this way
descends into the Underworld for a horrific torture called a
Harrowing. When she returns to her normal state, a certain
magus will have a lifelong enemy....

See "Necromancy" (Chapter VIII) in The Sorcerers
Crusade for additional details about magi and wraiths.

Che Servied Ranks
of the Dead

What follows is a quick look at some standard wraiths.
Approximation has been made between Arcanoi and

mage Spheres whenever possible. All wraiths should
have at least one level of Spirit.

Lemure Usurer

A new member of the Usurers' Guild, this wraith has
been dead for only a few years. Perhaps a touch careless,
perhaps a bit contemptuous of Stygia's laws, he sells his
services to the living in exchange for the destruction of
other ghosts' Fetters. He is arrogant in his newfound power
and incautious in his choice of clientele. Someday that
daring may be his undoing, but he is master of his destiny for
today — or so he believes.

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 15/10/3,
Backgrounds 4, Willpower 5

Suggested Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Brawl 1,
Dodge 2, Etiquette 2, Larceny 2, Law 2, Linguistics 3,

Subterfuge 3

Suggested Powers: The Usurer can, with a ghostly touch,
drain either Health or Quintessence from a magus — or
restore it — as the Prime 5 power

Gear: Relic scales, tattered clothing, one or two oboli

Vengeful Spectre

A simmering cauldron of jealousy and hatred in life,
the Vengeful Spectre has not been improved by his death.
Rapidly subsumed by his dark side, the Spectre has returned

to the Shadowlands to hunt those who wronged him in life. 2

Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/4, Abilities 15/10/3,
Backgrounds 5, Willpower 8

Suggested Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 1, Brawl 4,
Dodge 2, Enigmas 3, Intimidation 4, Melee 2, Occult 1,
Stealth 4, Subterfuge 3

Suggested Powers: The Spectre is in constant commu-
nication with others of his kind and can coordinate
group actions. The Spectre can also cause objects to fly
through the air in the material world and can corrupt the
living with a touch (as the Spirit Charm Corruption or
Mind 3; see "Uncanny Influence" in The Sorcerers
Crusade

Gear: Soulsteel dagger, tattered clothing

Anacreon

Perhaps the recently deceased lord or chief burgher
of a city, perhaps an old ghost risen to prominence in the
kingdom of the Dead, the Anacreon rules one Legion of

= i


CRUSADE \ a

RNR Lane

the Dead in his city. He is responsible for enforcing laws,
fending off intruders and making sure his subjects don't
interfere with the living. He takes pride in his work and
guards his domains jealously. The Anacreon seeks to
bring order to the dead and living alike by punishing
those who offend him and by policing his ghostly
Necropolis.

Character Creation: Attributes 10/8/5, Abilities 20/15/7,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 9

! Suggested Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Suggested Abilities: Academics 4, Alertness 4,
Awareness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Enigmas 2, Etiquette 3,
Intimidation 5, Larceny 3, Law 3, Leadership 4,
Linguistics 2, Melee 4, Moneylending3, Occult2,
Stealth 4, Subterfuge 5

Suggested Powers: The Anacreon is quite powerful in
< many of the ghostly arts. He can possess as many as six of the
powers listed above.

Gear: Ornate mask, soulsteel sword, chains of office, relic
finery, a few oboli

Wraiths in the Renaissance

Stygia is a city under siege in the early 15th century.
As Renegades, Heretics and Spectres harry the Empire's
Skinland holdings, more and more ghostly refugees flee
to the capital. Few ships leave for the Far Shores any-
more, meaning that Stygia grows ever more crowded.
Tensions between the Legions run high, and Charon's
reign seems weak. The Stygian Inquisition has risen to a
place of pre-eminence in this atmosphere of growing
distrust and fear, as Shadows whisper paranoid secrets to
their Psyches.

Even the Ferrymen, the enigmatic wraiths who served
with Charon from the beginning of his days, have aban-
doned their former comrade. They bear no love for him
now. Stygia thus stands alone, and its subjects who patrol
the Shadowlands do so at their own peril.


LE

CHAPTER III:
NIGHT-FOLK

4) began to search for a place to set up camp for
BD) the evening. Very little undergrowth grew
beneath the shady boughs of the towering oak
trees and it was not long before Edward
came across a suitable bole.
The weather had been fine that day, but Edward could
make out looming storm-clouds in the last of the evening light. As
he set about his work, he thought about of his wife and children.
He had served his lord for a long time now and looked forward
. to returning home.
The rumble of the storm brought him out of his reverie and
he quickened his work, hoping to have a warm meal before it was
too late. As he leaned over the kindling, trying to make a spark
with his flint, he saw a light off in the forest. It was followed by
another and then another. Peering into the gloom, Edward could
F see no sign of a building, only lamps seemingly suspended in the
g darkness. Numerous smaller lights now joined the first, except
these danced merrily about as if blowing in the breeze. Edward
knew there were no settlements in this part of the wood. Still, his
curiosity — and hope for a warm, dry bed — got the better of him.
Initially, the lights seemed to be a short distance away, but
Edward was no closer to them after making his way through the
wood for several minutes. He even thought he could hear the
sounds of faint laughter or perhaps music... or maybe it was just
the wind.
The first drops of rain began to fall. Edward quickened his
pace, hoping to reach cover before he was drenched — surely
there must be some shelter; the lights continued to flicker
tantalizingly before him.
The rain fell in sheets, too strong even for the oak boughs to
keep him from being soaked, and still the lights eluded him. Just
as Edward decided to turn back to his horse — assuming he could
even find it — he stumbled into a clearing and there were the
lights. The place was alive with torches and dancing, multi-hued
globes. No rain fell here and men and women danced about the
glade to amerry tune played by several minstrels. Off to one side,
a table was laid out with food and drink. Folk of all kind,
seemingly noble and common, mingled and jested. It was but a
moment before a woman at the table noticed Edward and walked
toward him.
"Welcome to our celebration, fair knight," she said as she
approached, "Won't you join us?"

She offered him a hand, which he accepted gladly; she was
one of the most beautiful creatures he had ever seen. Her skin
was dark, like that of a Moor, and her eyes were depthless pools
of tranquillity. He felt that he could look into them forever and
find contentment.

"I am Dalila. You are welcome here," she said as they
approached the table.

The others nodded politely to him, several making motions
of greeting.

"I... I am Edward... Sir Edward. I do not mean to
disturb—," he stuttered.

"Hush," she cut him off. "I have said you are welcome, and

so you are. Please share our feast. You must be famished after
so long a journey."

Edward was tempted to gorge himself on the food laid out \N

before him — it had been a terribly long time since he had such
an invitation. Yet the knight tempered himself and took only a
turkey leg, a bit of cheese and some bread. This he washed down
witha single glass of wine. Once finished, he graciously thanked
his hostess who only smiled at him.

Thena sudden strangeness overtook him. He looked around
at the celebration. The glade shimmered and the colors grew
brighter, more vibrant. The music seemed louder and more
beautiful. Even the revelers were different. One had antlers like
those of a hart. Another had the legs of goat. Yet another looked

to bea giant with horns, and skin the color of aclear summer sky. 53

Dalila had changed as well. Her features were finer, her ears
tapered to delicate points, and her eyes — her eyes were beyond
description. Edward felt that he could become lost in them
forever.

"Welcome to the world of the enchanted," Dalila said.

Dance with De

The kindly Fair Folk are none of the kind. Once, it
is said, they capered with humankind, born of dreams
and sworn to good times. These tales, if they were true at
all, have given way to rumors of angry spirits on the

fringes of human lands. Imbued with unnatural power, 4

these creatures supposedly pay tithes to Hell and lure
gullible folk to their doom. One dares not walk the
forests at night without a spike of cold iron and a charm
of rowan wood. The faeries are abroad, and their whims
mean disaster.

Yet ties with faeries still run deep in secluded Pagan
places. The Kindly Ones look favorably on magicians in
lands tended by Verbena, and by Pagan Disparates. For the
most part, however, the fae keep their own counsel. Only
when the fancy strikes them do they seduce or befriend

mortal playthings, give grand gifts or forge short alliances |

with witches or kings. One such alliance stands when the

Primi of the Council of Nine meet for the first time in the |

tuins of Mistridge in 1440. On the whole, though, the
Dreaming Ones are suspicious, fearsome and proud. A
mortal who offends them might end up dancing for 100
years in a misty faerie glen.

Unknown to mortals (or magi, for that matter), the
greatest fae have fled the Earth. The eldest have slammed
shut the doors to their Dreaming world, leaving half-bloods
and young fae behind. To survive this harsh "Shattering,"
the remaining faeries have assumed human guise. Such

—

=

>)

ZN


Za] = WIS ee CRUSADE ~ = AN
SERRA LORE

"changelings" move about the frayed edges of the mortal
world, seeking life-affirming dreams. Glamour — the stuff
of raw imagination — is plentiful, but often tainted by the
dreary tedium of the age. In an era of plagues, witch-hunts
and ceaseless wars, the phantasies of man grow dark, in-
deed. So too do the changelings and their Arts.

Like most aspects of the fae, those Arts are a mystery.
Magi who study such things attest that the so-called
"cantrips" spun from the faerie wheel have much in com-
mon with Awakened Arts. Yet the Scourge seems to overlook
the powers of the Fair Folk. Faeries must perform strange
dances and odd tricks to set their spells in motion, but God
and the Devil both seem to let them be. Fae magic is like the
changelings themselves — mysterious, wondrous, never
the same twice and always a force to be reckoned with.

Creating with the Fae

Legends of the fae vary greatly. Few question that
< certain powers exist, but most common folk fail to distin-
guish between the works of demons and faeries (if any
distinction is made between the two). Often times, the

ere. es

"al " record ele workers,

je, wise 10 ik
ae to drive the ‘Tremere oa 5
i \d 4 allies ma
cabal wou! te

, promisiny
oe & the Tremere am
has held for over three

i, thr
1440), th
ent years (1436 ght, the wi

ch. Try a8 he wow hunter's

sed by the undead so

‘ies
ree fall changelings:

tch-huntet ay
forces are WIPE

work of other supernatural beings is credited to (or blamed
on) the Fair Folk, and vice versa, confusing observers as to
all night-beings' methods and motives. So while the Church
condemns all as the work of the Devil, others dismiss ||
sightings of Fair Folk as too much drink, madness, an_ |
imbalance of the humours or other such "rational" explana-
tions. One can but wonder what these naysayers would
think were they to discover that the local cobbler, shep-
herdess or the minstrel who played for the harvest last fall
were all that remained of the magical creatures of legend.

While alliances between individual fae and sorcerers
are relatively common, there is still considerable distrust
between the groups as a whole. Many mortal sorcerers seek
to learn, to understand and to ultimately control "reality."
Composed of the stuff of dreams and the desires of mortals
— including sorcerers', to some extent — changelings
consider "control" of anything to be anathema. The chaotic
nature of the fae (especially in this time of upheaval) makes
broad treaties and agreements problematic. The borders of
the "kingdoms" of the fae follow no mortal logic; what is
acceptable to the Fair Folk of one area may offend others
only a few miles away.

Seelie
i eto pass that
cers. Andsoit cam ether under
ae werecreatures ne she and her
d. To LE th the Glastonbury
4 defended against

; le an k
intly by ee dle of Avalon for dat
jharness

times
a rarity in these wartorn

bury for mor
sly. Magick reigns agit

dout mystetiow


CHAPTER III:
NIGHT-FOLK

It may seem to many sorcerers that the faeries have
all but vanished from the world. Places once rich with
faerie magic and legend have apparently been aban-
doned. Still, signs of Fair Folk existence arise from time
to time; pranks are played on sorcerers, and grievous
harm befalls those who disturb places rumored to hold
ancient fae magic. In truth, changelings are hidden in
plain sight, living among those from whom they seek to
hide. Not surprisingly, they are most commonly found in
places where belief in their kind remains strong — where
people are concerned with neither enlightenment nor
spiritual politics, but with home, family and the "simple
life." Some wise human elders still remember the groves
where faeries held court, though much has changed since
the days when these places could be found by one with a
true heart and an open mind.

Of course, there are exceptions. Some changelings
enjoy the hustle and bustle of the city. Minstrels and
commedia del arte players often possess a bit of faerie glam-
our. Whether changelings are attracted to mortals of an
artistic bent or vice versa is open to debate, but there is an
undeniable connection between the two. A love of the
beautiful and grotesque, and a profound respect for those
who can commit such to paper or canvas, is shared by all
changelings. Many are afflicted with a kind of wanderlust,
though, traveling from place to place, following their hearts
and dreams.

Magi whostudy faerie folklore often classify the change-
lings based on the powers they display. Faerie glamour is
well-known to have fantastic powers of illusion, and many
fae make use of this magic in unusual ways that magi seek to
identify. Others prefer to classify changelings according to
the dreams with which they trace their ancestry. However,
=AiK:5 as with every other science of this day and age, what is
considered canonical one day may prove false the next.
Those who are wise recognize each encounter with a faerie
to be unique, lest their assumptions turn out to be danger-
ously incorret.

Che Change

The Renaissance is an age of rebirth for the fae.
Changes in the world have forced faeries to assume mortal
flesh to shield themselves from the forces of disbelief that
have begun to permeate the mortal world. This transforma-
tion affects fae in body, mind and spirit, diminishing their
power while binding them to the land. Those fae who did
not flee the world or could not adapt perished in unspeak-
able agony.

The Shattering is still a thing of the recent past. Fae
nobles have fled to Arcadia, burning their bridges behind
them, making the world a different place indeed. Chaos
reigns among the Fair Folk who remain, commoners left to
their own devices.

The Fae Courts

In ages past, the fae divided themselves into two
Courts: Seelie and Unseelie. The departure of the nobility
has undone that order. The changing of the Courts with the
seasons has been abandoned as the commoners left behind
have banded together for mutual protection. Most fae still
claim allegiance to one Court or the other, out of habit and
force of tradition, but such loyalty is meaningless without
the nobles to rule. Indeed, Seelie or Unseelie has begun to
lose significance as changelings huddle in the safety of their
freeholds, struggling to survive in an increasingly banal
world. Leaders have begun to emerge, but the Courts no
longer hold sway over faerie society.

Che Dreaming

Despite changelings' adaptation to the material world,
they weren't always creatures of the earth. Once, the mortal
world and the Dreaming were one — a single land, where &
mortal and faerie existed side by side. The two drifted apart
over time as distinctions fell between the real and the
unreal. The era when the two worlds were one is now
referred toas the Mythic Age, its final closure marked by the
Shattering that forever separated the two worlds. Some
pathways between the Dreaming and the mortal world
remain, but they are protected by powerful faerie glamours
and the way is far from certain, even for those who know
how to find these ancient portals. It is also said that the
worlds overlap from time to time, in the darkest forests and
most secluded glens. Magi with strong connections to Spirit
or the Dreamlands may have achance of finding these charmed
sites, but the journey between the worlds is still perilous. 5

Most changelings envision the Dreaming as mortals
might envision Eden — a paradise to which they are
forbidden to return. Should the fae ever discover a magus
with knowledge of the Dreaming and the means to access it,
the changelings would think themselves truly blessed.

Ancient Fae, New Worlds

It is whispered that a few of the ancient fae, those with
powers like unto the gods of old, survive in the mundane
world. They're believed to exist only in the most secluded
groves and on distant islands, far from the lands they once
called home. Mortals who claim to have knowledge of these |
beings speak of powerful enchantments that shield fae
fortresses from prying eyes.

With the explorations and expeditions of the Re-
naissance, the borders of the known world expand
constantly. Ship crews report creatures spawned of dreams
and nightmares in the New World. Could it be that
faeries who fled the Old World left for these newly
discovered realms? And now that the world is anew, how
will the inspired dreams of humans affect the fae spirits


CRUSADE
LORE

who still reside here? Mortals' Renaissance may be an era
of renewal for the fae as well.

Glamour and Cantrips

Faeries bear similarities to sorcerers; one treats in
| dreams, the other in awareness. Yet changelings' odd pow-
ers leave many magi tugging their beards in puzzlement and
frustration.

¢ Passion: Glamour "feeds" the faerie heart. Thus,
changelings favor people who create things — artists,
artisans, entertainers. The greater the skill or talent, the
more popular the mortal. Fae-folk absorb artists' creative
energy and power their magics with it. Most faerie-mage
alliances are forged with the exchange of exquisite gifts.

© Faerie Magic: Changelings work odd miracles.
Many of their cantrips appear to have limited effects,or
no effects at all — unless the witness is enchanted. A

becomes dramatically brighter, darker or simply differ-
ent. An enchanted human is vulnerable to any Art that
a faerie weaves.

¢ Fae Quirks: Changelings possess certain powers
— the ability to crack stone with a curse, the stamina to
revel all night without tiring, the charisma to enrapture
a mortal with a glance — that seem natural to them
rather than the result of any intended spell. A single
faerie has only one or two such powers; a collection of
changelings may command a vast array of them. These
talents aren't earth-shaking magics, but birthrights from
an arcane heritage.

© Hiding in Plain Sight: All changelings may mas-
querade as normal mortals. Although enchantment or
magickal spells (see the Soul Colors spell in The Sorcer-
ers Crusade) may penetrate this disguise, normal humans
cannot recognize changelings for what they truly are.
Rare folk who possess mystical awareness can sense a
changeling's presence with a Perception + Awareness
roll (difficulty 9).

© Fae Seeming: When pressed, a changeling may
"carry" his faerie magics, appearance and possessions into
mortal sight. In game terms, he spends a point of each of
Willpower and Glamour and makes a Willpower roll (dif-
ficulty equals the changeling's Glamour rating). Changelings
rarely reveal their true selves; they do so under extreme
conditions, or when they must make their intent known to
otherwise oblivious mortals.

Srailties
© Cold Iron: Faeries' weakness to cold iron is well-
known. Such metal inflicts aggravated damage on them.

Banality Person
9 Maraud

a Child, fae-blooded mortal

: Rural peasant, fae-aligned magus
? Average magus

; Average urban mortal

J Prince, philosopher, priest

Daedalean, bishop,

Inquisitor

¢ The Mundane: Banality — the power of disbelief or
of strong faith — is an even more potent threat than cold
iron. To work his Arts on a mortal, a changeling must
surmount the subject's Banality (see chart) or enchant her;
otherwise, his Arts are useless. If you use Spheres to repre-
sent faerie Arts, amortal's Banality rating equals the difficulty
of an Arete roll.

Being in the presence of people or places with high
Banality ratings actually sickens a changeling. A changeling
probably flees if the Banality is sufficiently high (7 or higher).
¢ Insanity: Some faeries are so consumed with magic or
anger that they go insane. This madness resembles the
Scourge backlash of the same name.
¢ Hubris: Just as different changelings possess different tal-
ents, so too does each suffer from unique flaws — fiery temper,
overconfidence, drunkenness. A magus who knows these
frailties can outwit a changeling without casting a single spell.

Counters

¢ A strong-willed sorcerer can shrug off the effects of
faerie enchantment. A magus must make a Willpower
roll (difficulty 8) whenever he attempts to resist this
influence. He must score one success for each point of
Glamour that the changeling invests in the enchant-
ment attempt.

© Changeling magic and True Magick flow from the
same fundamental source. Thus, a magus can attempt to
resist the power of a changeling's cantrips. The flip side
is that a changeling can use his Glamour to counter a
sorcerer's power. However, doing the latter removes a bit
of magic from the world and risks inflicting the change-
ling with Banality.

When a changeling performs a cantrip against a
magus, that sorcerer can use her Arete to counter the
cantrip. (Roll Arete, difficulty equal to the highest level
of the Art used in the cantrip + 3.) Each success rolled bj


: < = = | ES 2 7 =
= CHAPTER III: KORO

NIGHT-FOLK | BRE@SON

aa § hn

NeWrof] the mage reduces the changeling's successes by one. If the

changeling's successes are reduced to zero, the cantrip fails.

To resist a mage's magick, roll the changeling's Glamour
(difficulty equals the highest Sphere rating used in the
spell + 4). Each success rolled reduces the sorcerer's successes by
one. If the mage's successes are reduced to zero, the spell has no
effect. However, if the faerie counters the spell successfully, she
receives a point of temporary Banality for having removed some
small bit of magic from the world.

Che Fair Folk

The following are some examples of changelings that may
be encountered by magi in the Dark Fantastic world. Spheres
are listed to approximate changeling abilities (called Arts).
Assume that changelings possess Arete ratings of 4 to 6, and
spend one point of Glamour each time they cast an enchant-
ment. Storytellers should always feel free to create new, even
seemingly random effects that are appropriate to a particular
changeling.

Croll Warrior

Centuries of battle against the Unseelie could do nothing
to prepare this mighty warrior for the pain and suffering of
mortal warfare. The troll can be found anywhere in Europe,
serving as a soldier or mercenary. He often has limited contact
with those outside his own kind, and has little tolerance for
frivolity or capriciousness.
Character Creation: Attributes 10/5/3, Abilities 15/10/3, Back-
grounds 4, Willpower 6, Glamour 7
Suggested Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2; Appearance 3, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Crafts
(Carpentry) 3, Culture 2, Dodge 2, Etiquette 2, Hearth
Wisdom 2, Intimidation 4, Linguistics 2, Melee 4, Survival}.
Suggested Powers: A master of war-magicks, this changeling
often commands great strength and body mastery (Life 3),
elemental phenomena (Forces 2) and _ grand
intimidation(Mind 2).

Gear: Crow's mail armor; bastard sword; axe or other large,
deadly implement

Nocker Cinkerer
These reclusive fae live and work in dimly lit labs
and workshops. They have little contact with the outside
world, preferring to spend days and nights tinkering with
gadgets and devises. Nockers occasionally play host to a restless
Daedalean, whose imagination for devices compensates for his
sheer Banality.
i Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 15/ A
} 10/3, Backgrounds 4, Willpower 3, Glamour 8 ,


——— CRUSADE Y

Suggested Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Perception 4, Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2,
Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Suggested Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 2,
Artillerist 4, Crafts 4, Expression 4, Intimidation 2, Inven-
tion 5, Melee 1, Metaphysics (Sacred Geometry) 3,
Research 3, Science 3, Stone Lore 2

{ Suggested Powers: High mastery over raw materials
(Matter 4), familiarity with elemental forces (Forces 3)
and creation (Prime 2), and a profound gift for obsceni-
ties

Gear: Workshop filled with odds and ends, strange ma-
chines and elaborate tools

AS Satyr Shepherdess

Long days spent out in the open field and playing the
pipes are the simple pleasures of this changeling. Disturb
her peaceful repose and you face a most dangerous enemy.

The shepherdess prefers her own company and looks
 unkindly upon intruders. She visits a local village from time
to time; one or more young men are likely to go missing
when she does. They return a few days later, exhausted and
devoid of any memory of their time away... if they return at
all.

Character Creation: Attributes 8/6/4, Abilities 15/10/3,
Backgrounds 2, Willpower 3, Glamour 8

Suggested Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Aware-
s ness 3, Brawl 2, Dancing 3, Dodge 2, Expression 3,
Hearth Wisdom 2, Herbalism 2, Melee 1, Seduction 4,
Stealth 2, Survival 3

Suggested Powers: Enchantment of all kinds (Mind 4; see
"Uncanny Influence" in The Sorcerers Crusade) is this
changeling's stock-in-trade. She's also adept at using the
elements (Forces 2 or 3) to attack her foes.

Gear: Pan pipes, flock, dagger

Changelings
in the Renaissance

The Sorcerers Crusade is set only a short time after the
Shattering takes place (at least by the means that the fae
measure time). Only a little over 100 years have passed
since the last of the sidhe fled to Arcadia and the trods
slammed shut or crumbled to dust. A few freeholds still
exist, scattered across the world — barely enough to support
the changeling population that remains. Minor skirmishes
take place between the surviving commoners, but most are
too busy struggling to survive to worry about who controls
which freehold. During the Renaissance, "Kithain," as

a
changelings have come to call themselves, are only begin-
ning to recover from the devastation of the Shattering.

Storytellers who wish to include changelings in
their Renaissance chronicles must take the following
into consideration:

¢ For the most part, the only sidhe (fae nobles) who
remain are members of House Scathach, and a rare few of
House Liam. A very few members of other houses remain,
but these should not be created as characters.

© The Seelie and Unseelie Courts have only recently
called a truce, and old hatreds die hard. The Shadow Court,
as it is known in the modern era, does not exist, and the rift
between the Courts is far greater than it is in the 20th
century.

¢ All changeling characters should be "native" to the
mortal world. Players should not create changelings who
remember the Shattering — at least not in their current
incarnations.

© The life spans of changelings of this time are some-
what longer than those of humans. Most changelings can
expect to live up to 50% longer than the average mortal.
They also tend to be somewhat more resistant to Banality
than are modern fae. The beginning Banality of all period
changelings should be reduced by one, and their starting
Glamour should be increased by one. Note that childlings
still begin with one point of Banality; their score can never
be reduced to zero.

© Almost all changelings suffer from the Flaw Slipped
Seeming.

Scourgelings

= heard the keening first, a ripe wail that
"(E\ (&N cut through the night like a shard of ice. As
NY) KeSe I gathered my implements and made haste
to flee, she shimmered into view like a
will-o'-the-wisp.

"Gregori," she said. I chilled. It was
my True Name, not the magickal appella-
tion I had used for so long. That single word hung in the air
like Damocles' sword.

The apparition raised a slender finger.

I remember nothing more. Nothing. Not even my Shadow
Name. Magick is gone from my memory, as if it had never
existed.

Che Breath of Hell

Although some fair spirits attend a virtuous magus,
most Scourgelings live up to their name. When a backlash
strikes, the spirits of wrath make a wizard's life... uncom-
fortable. (See The Sorcerers Crusade, Chapters VII and
VIII, for details and systems.)


N- oe 7, = e
CHAPTER III:
A NIGHT-FOLK
= | -

Glittergaze

Willpower 10, Rage 0, Gnosis 3, Power (one for each
point in the mage's Scourge Pool)

Charms: Airt Sense, Blind (see below), Reform
Description: A spirit of greed, Glittergaze settles
across a mage's eyes and reduces all she sees to a golden
haze. A faint shimmer in the air around the wizard's head
foretells the Scourgeling's arrival, but only the greedy
one can see it coming. Her fellows remain oblivious; as
far as they can tell, their companion has been struck
blind for no discernible reason. Glittergaze renders her
victim literally blind to all but the sight of gold, until the
haunted magus forswears her grasping ways and gives all
of her wealth to the poor.

Hexawoodle

Willpower 5, Rage 7, Gnosis 4, Power 25
Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Materialize, Re-
form
Materialized Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5,
Stamina 5
Abilities: Acrobatics 2, Melee 3 (Scythe Damage: 7
dice, aggravated)
| Description: A bizarre Pagan spirit, Hexawoodle
{ comes riding on a goat-headed man. Tales claim the
spirit and his steed were monstrosities created by an
|
|

angry witch. She wove grotesque sorceries around a
cock, a goat, and two thieves who had tried to rob her.
When the spells were done, Hexawoodle and his name-
less accomplice rode off into the night, promising revenge.

How a pathetic couple of would-be brigands became
A fearsome Scourge spirit is a mystery. However, their
success since that night may be measured in corpses.
Hexawoodle manifests in a cloud of black fog. The sound
of bare footfalls and a high-pitched crowing heralds his [}\
arrival. \

The steed is disconcerting enough: Perched atop a
swollen man-body, a mangy goat-head drools and gnashes
its chipped and yellowed teeth. Its rider, Hexawoodle, is
both laughable and stomach-churning: A midget body,
perched on the goat-man's back, waves a huge black
scythe with its elongated arms. These spider-thin limbs
contrast the midget's atrophied legs, which wind into
the goat-man's flanks. The rider's shoulders bear a huge
rooster's head, bright red and trailing a long black plume. E>
Rather than speak, Hexawoodle cackles and crows hate- 4
fully. The spirit-twin moves with frightening speed for a Weasel
misshapen thing. Hopping and leaping, he/they slash at
witches with a gleaming black blade, seeking to mutilate
rather than kill.

A strike from Hexawoodle's scythe inflicts aggra-
vated damage (equal to his Rage rating). A blow that
deals three or more Health Levels (after soaking, if
applicable) severs a limb. Hexawoodle grabs that limb
and rides off into the black fog if he can. To retrieve the


el CRUSADE y :
2 BN

limb, the witch or her friends must chase the spirit into
the fog — a swirling portal into the Penumbra — and
catch Hexawoodle or force him to drop the body part.

(A character who loses a limb also loses one aggravated
Health Level per turn until she dies or some Life Sphere
spell stops the bleeding. Naturally, her limb is forfeit until
someone can save the old one or grow her a new one
through a remarkably vulgar act of Life magick!)

Hexawoodle can Reform (as the Charm) anytime he
likes, but must drop any limb to do so. He loves to lure his
pursuers into traps, crowing loudly to attract evil spirits and
fleeing when some other entity has answered the call.
Hexawoodle "specializes" in witches, tending to leave other
sorcerers alone.

Implico, the Vanity-Bane
Willpower 4, Rage 4, Gnosis 4, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Blighted Touch, Soul Reading,
Tweak Humours (makes the "host" gassy, giddy, nauseous,

humours of vain magicians, forcing them to make embar-
rassing blunders at the worst of times.

According to those who study such things, Implico rose
from the bottom of Pandora's chest of woes. Unlike stronger
spirits such as Wrath or Fever, Implico simply wafted out in
a smelly haze, engulfed poor Pandora and made her fart
uncontrollably. Satisfied, he passed into the world of men,
dedicated to undermining their pride.

A pompous mage might attract the attention of this
mischievous sprite. Implico's "attentions" are subtle,
disguised as rude humours. While other Scourgelings
batter and howl, Implico simply "over-tends" the bodily
functions. The prouder the magus, the more fun Implico
has with him. A refined courtier may vomit in a prince's
chambers. A devilish rake might "take airs" in the midst
of passion. An arrogant wizard could trip awkwardly and
fall bodily on the Pope. Once the victim has suffered
extreme embarrassment, the spirit floats away, invisible
and laughing.

In game terms, Implico's visit persists for one unfor-
tunate occurrence for every point in the wizard's Scourge
Pool. The higher the pool, the more excruciating the
mortifications. In his spirit form, Implico resembles a
noxious cloud with impish features. He assumes that
form only when entering or leaving a "host." Most times,
he nestles in a mage's body and tweaks humours as he
pleases.

i
The Night-Mare

Willpower 8, Rage 6, Gnosis 10, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Endless Ride (forces rider
to remain in place — costs 5 Power), Spirit Away, Summon
Past Visions (as below — costs 10 Power)

Description: This fearsome horse appears to those who
wander among dreams and who perform divinations. Hooves
clatter in the distance as a seer slumbers. His dreams form
into an endless forest or plain. The mage's heart races,
echoing the thunder of the hooves. As the steed ap-
proaches, its footfalls swell until the entire world seems to
shake. Bursting from the darkness, this onyx horse slams the
magus to the ground, scoops him up and drags him on a
seemingly endless journey through the night. Whipping
branches, cold rains and hot or icy winds lash the rider. Try
as he might, he cannot escape the Night-Mare's back. No
enchantment can save him. An especially foolish or un-
lucky magus may be dragged behind the horse instead.

As the pair hurtles across the nightmarish land-
scape, scenes from the past, present and future flash by.
These tableaux — almost impossible to ignore — depict
the tortured moments of the mage's life. The key to
escaping the Mare's back, it is said, is to close your eyes
and weep for past sins. If you're lucky, the story goes, the
horse may take pity on you and slow to a trot. A magus
who climbs from the horse's back and gives thanks to
God for this lesson is forgiven. All others must endure


CHAPTER III:
NIGHT-FOLK

~
the ride until the horse decides to stop. Some magi,
rumors claim, are riding still.

The Night-Mare wears no reins or bridle and is
| nearly impossible to control. A magus who commands
exceptional horsemanship (Riding Skill of 4+) may try
to calm the spirit-horse, but all others are helpless.
Magick is useless. Back in the mortal world, a spirit-
riding magus falls into a deep sleep and may be mistaken
for dead. When (or if) he awakens, his body is battered
(one normal Health Level for every point of Scourge in
his pool, up to a maximum of six) and he is exhausted.
Night-Mare riders cannot be rescued; they must save
themselves or finish the ride.

Ompnir, Scribe of Flames and

Conflagrations

Willpower 6, Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Armor, Blast Flame,
Create Fires, Element Sense (fire), Materialize, Meld (fire),
Reform, Spirit Away

Materialized Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 3

Abilities: Academics 6, Awareness 5, Culture 10 (he's
been everywhere!), Dodge 5, Etiquette 4, Intimidation 5,
Occult 6, Science (Elemental Sciences) 8, Subterfuge 3

Description: Before the War in Heaven, Ompnir was
less an angel than a minor scribe. His duties consisted of
endless record-keeping. He rebelled with Lucifer and the
others. His punishment was to continue the labor he
loathed, but in the service of the Devil.

As God created each thing and Adam named it, the
archangels charged their scribes to record each item. Luci-
fer echoed that process by assigning each thing an
"anti-name," an Infernal mockery of its Holy Form. Poor
Ompnir was stuck recording and renaming every fire-based
phenomenon — an easy task at first, but one which grew as
civilization expanded. Some theologians speculate that
God scattered Babel to confound demons such as Ompnir.
If so, He succeeded — all too well.

Greek Pagans tell a different story. To them, Ompnir
was Pirophone, a cup-bearer to Prometheus who was pun-
ished by Zeus. Either way, Ompnir hates his job and takes
any Opportunity to torment a magician who's been careless

with fire. A Scourge backlash allows him to manifest in the
material world. Woe be unto any magus, especially a
Daedalean, if he appears! Ompnir scolds the responsible
party; if the mage is lucky, the spirit ends his tirade with a
firestorm; if not, he decides to teach the errant wizard a
lesson and takes her off as a helper on his rounds. In game
terms, he Spirits the magus Away (as the Charm), sending
her to catalog all kinds of fires for one day for each point in
her Scourge Pool. When the magus finishes, he strands her
at the site of her last annotation. Getting home is her
problem....

A minor demon, Ompnir resembles a bald little man,
blazing like an inferno and carrying a huge book with
flaming pages. When he writes, his quill strikes sparks and
the words appear in ashen Enochian letters. He growls
when he speaks and harangues his prey before punishing
her. Some magi summon Ompnir to ask him about events
that he may have witnessed (he's usually there when a fire
is burning, after all!). If they've started a fire to get his
attention, they'd better make it worth his while....


mill
