# File: Cult of Ecstasy.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


CULT
rons

Lesenine Te Phy

By Pi Braesto


Cepia

Writeen and Developed by: Phil Brucito

Edited by: Jennifer Hartshorn
Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard
Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen E. Miles & Lawrence Snelly
Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles
Art: uryll Elliot, Mark Jackson. Leif Jones, Heather J.
McKinney, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Front Cover Art: Michael William Kaluca
Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

(Waitex Depications

Ta Jennifee Searling, for Burning Man

To Heather & Las, for sharing mad dances.

Tu Stefani Olsen, whose footprints showed me che path
Tu Beth Fischi, for her own journey.

And to Wendy Blacksin, for everything.

Much Lave to you AIL

e
Spec. BevsTeD) Trans To:
Rich "Machine God" Dansky. 1

Phil and Wendy's monster Mac

Diane "Festive Feee" Zamojeki, for irnbucing seizures
with her flashing holiday cheet

Mike and Staley "Home Wrecker" Krause, for hooting
2-Day in their new house

Erin "Saint Brigit" Kelly and Scott "Homeless Helper"
Cohen, for eahbing the rich and grving to the poor

Jane "Culprit of Ecstasy" Palmer. for keeping the bag
shut

Aileen "Oh Fudge (Only I Didn't Say ‘Fudge'}" Miles.
whose chacalare alencec bear Godeilla.

Mike "God Damn Us Every One" Tinney, for his
ccippled Christmas spirit.

Todd "E-Mail Saturation God" Mayville, for what we'll
ull he missing when he leaves. :-{

Phil "Banquet-o-Crow" Brucato, forche big tar hind he
found sitting on his desk on Black Wednesday

The whole cast of White Wolf's Holiday on lee, tor
heaving the freezing waterfall to empty out Phil!

And "Santa Stu" Wieck, for giving up the

again. It's not elves that make those checks glow rosy ced

xt playing sysop for

s office

goradies

PULLISEING

ing, Inc
Publishing. Inc

Games

mark or copyright wencerned.

k out White Wolf online at

Pra TED IN THE USA

© 1999 Whne Woll Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproiluction without the writer
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except tor the purposes of reviews, aod for blank chorract

which may he reptnduced for personal use only. White Wolf, World ot Darkness, Vampire the Masquer
lish

ade, Vampire che Dark Ages aml Mage the Ascension acc registered tradesnarke of White Will Fi.
ang, Ine. All rights reserved, Werewolf the Apuculypue, W'ruth the Oblivion, Changeling th
Verbena Tradition Book, Cult of Ecamasy Tradition Book. Dreamepeakers Traht
Shadaws, Ascension's Right Hand, Vampire Players Gunde, Axis Mundi the Bo

Jorld. Book of Mirturs, Book of the Wyrm and Book of Madness are trademarks
All rights ceserved. All chacacters, names, places und text hecesn are copyrighted

Omler nf Hecmes ts a trademark of White Wolf Pukhshing, Ine. and is used wich p
Criamon, Diedne, Flambeau, Jerbitean, Meriniea, Quacsitor, Tytalus and Veriir
Gries, are feom the Ars Magica game, and are used with peemission. Ars Magica is a trademar

The mention of or reference to any company ne product in ches pages is

Chia book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes, All mystical anc! supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purpuses only. Reader discretion is advised

rwwwowhite-wall.com; ale. games. whitewolf and rec.gamexirpestoryteller

11 Book, Baw

ate Crindem:

nota challenge co the mute

2 Cutt or Ecatnay


INTRODUCTION: FEAR 1¢
Fixst Verse: PReEesit
SECOND VERSE: PACES IN THE
THind Verse: PiREDANCE
Fourth Verse: ..... Pro nue
Hovenix: Ecstamic Arts

Betis = foesn't give SOAK TOMS. anit
, © And teal life d >
This is fiction. You ar now cofitinue: Have fun! go

Thank you. The book

ConTENTS 3


INTRODUCTION:
Fear Lo Toucu

I stood before a black cave, wanting to goin, and I shuddered
at the thought that I might not be able to find my way back.

— Anonymous patient of Dr. Wilhelm Stekel, quoted in
Campbell's The Hero With a Thousand Faces

lam afraid.

Every day, I drive with windows closed.
Pollution's bad for you. The wind might muss
my hair, and then I'd look like a freak. I clutch
my purse tight and hold the strap to foil would-
be thieves. | listen to the news and think of all
the bastards across the world who get away with
murder. And I wonder when they'll choose to
murder me. I keep my voice down, my eyes
straight ahead. And I watch for the hammer from the sky, the
butcher's mallet that will finally justify my fear.

Was | always this way? It's hard to tell. We grow up
rightfully afraid; of strangers, of robbers, of mockery, of being
left alone. We're afraid of pain and there's too much of that
to go around, I think I was even afraid as a child. It's hard to
remember why, but there are all coo many reasons.

I'm nora coward. At least 1 don't think that | am, Later
I will find that | am wrong, but for now I chink I'm normal.
I guess fear is normal. It's our natural coping skill. Like I said,
there are reasons to be afraid. The world's too full of catastro-
phes.

Carastrophes like her.

She calls herself Aria. That's a song, I think, Her hair,
unlike mine, is dark red. Long and tangled. The angles of her
face are softly chiseled from freckled sunburned skin, bur it's
hereyes that scare me. Blueand brightand wide, as ifshe were
ready to cry and laugh simultancously. When I look into
them, the world goes askew. Things tilt slightly, my fingers
tingle, my palms itch. This familiar cafe pales behind Aria's
presence. Suddenly, she's all that seems real. The music from
the speakers (Bon Jovi, I think, but I could never tell) rises
and engulfs her words. I strain co hear Aria but the music is
too loud. She makes me feel in love, but better. Please God,
tell me I'm not gay.

She walked up to mea few minutes ago and satdown like
anold friend. "This seat's not taken, is it?" she asked as sheslid
it from the table and plopped down, spread-legged. Rude. My
soda jiggled in the glassas she landed heavily. When I looked
up, annoyed, a bic afraid, she stared at me and my little world
went crack.

"Cassie," she said, "You look pathetic."

I don't know until later how she knows my name.

"Excuse me?" | asked, my tone just sharp enough to
show that yes, I was insulted but too polite to tell her to go.

Intropaction: Fesx to Touct 5


fuck herself. My fingers slip in condensation on my
soda glass. I'd been picking at my food and it'd gotten
cold too. [ lifted the glass casually, like | was used to hippie
freaks accosting me at lunch break: "Were you looking for
a chair?"
"I've found what I'm looking for. The question is, have
you? Obviously not."

"Do you mind?" The tone grew a deeper edge, the
fighting knife edge girls cultivate ata young age. "I was eating
lunch. If you want the chair, take it and go. Otherwise, please
get lost." Finished, I look away.

"Cassie," she snapped. Her voice had the same sharp
tone. "Wake up."

1 examined my meal. "Go away."

She reached down, took my chin, and lifted
my face to hers. "Make me."

At her touch, my heart leaps into sudden
overdrive. Would we fight? Here in the cafe? I panic,
then notice she's smiling. And those eyes are all ] want
to see. The world tips on its axis, skews, and here we
are.

"What do you want?" My voice is quiet now, even to me.

"Your attention."

She's nothing special, really. Not by the look of her. Let's
call her mode of dress "generic bohemian": a loose black top,
belly-bare. Denim jacket with the sleeves torn off. Gypsy
skirt, amber, with wears and patches. You'd expect her to be
dripping with jewelry —little crosses, Deadhead beads — bur
all she wears is a single nose ring that catches the light from
the cafe window. As she talks, her fingers steeple and rest
beneath her nose. Her nails are short, her fingers callused.
Despite the glass-strewn street outside, Aria goes barefooted.
Later I'll learn that she always does. No one stops her. And if
she fears the glass, it doesn't show. She looks like a thousand
trampy Deadhead chicks, the kind that sat and smoked while
I cook classes at GSU. She's nothing special. Except for her
eyes —brightand alive. Crackling, almost, like she's seen the
heart of the sun. I can't guess what this burnout wants with
me, but when I met her gaze I suddenly didn't care.

"Go away," I repeat. Weak. Soft.

She lets go, trails her fingers across my chin. My face
burns where they touch. "Trust me, you won't want me to."

Is my cheek twitching? Later I'll discover that I've gota
nervous tic. It goes away in time, but for the moment I'm only
vaguely aware of it. I felt stupid about it, though, and the fear
shifted gears, freezing my face in what 1 hoped wasa pleasant
grin. Not a smirk, not a nervous smile. Just a friendly grin.

"So. Who are you? And why is my attention so impor-
tant?"

"I'm Aria, and it's time to wake up. There's a part of
you that's been sleepwalking for most of your life,
and that part's gotten hungry. I can see it." She
locks her fingers, leans back and cradles her head
behind her. Ifshe wears a bra, itdoesn't show. She
has bigger breasts than me, and spends more time outdoors.

6 Curt or Ecstasy

SS —h

This woman frightens me, She seems too awake to be harm-
less.

I'm rattled, off-guard. She can tell. "Cassie." Her voice is
asoft command. "Listen to me. Let me explain, and then you
can get up and leave if you want to."

"Explain, already."

She leans back and wraps her toes around the tabletop.
Red tangles tumble across her face, but her eyes blaze through.
Vaguely mocking.

"Who are you!"

"A friend. I've been watching you for a long time. You
may not recognize me, but I know you've felt me watching."

"You're full of shic." I pull back, despite her magnetic
gaze. "I've neverseen you before. If you've been spying on me,
Inever noticed." The thought freaks me out a bit. How long
has she been watching me? "Who the hell are you?" I repeat,
"and why are you pestering me?"

"I'm opportunity, Cassie, a walking crisis. I'm a door
that's just opened for you, but 1 won't stay open for long. I've
been in love with you for years, but we've never met. You've
never heard my voice, but you know me." Her voice drops as
she shifts in her seat and leans in close. Her breath smells like
mint. "and I know you."

Against my will, my heartbeat and breathing start to
race. I swallow, bur it rakes forever. Like a cobra, she pins mc
to the chair with her eyes alone. "You don't know me," |
protest, half-heartedly.

"L know you very well. Better than you know yourself, I
think. I know your secrets. Every man you've laid, I've met.
Every girl you've dreamed of kissing, I've seen. All the risks
and dares you've taken, I've known about. The time you got
drunk and went skinny dipping with Marcie in the fountain,
the time you took that lipstick from WalMart, those first few
off-campus parties you went to, that time you screwed around
with Danny MacAllister at Sarah's, Jeffs birthday party,
when you ate those hash brownies. I may norhave been there,
exactly, bur when you fucked George in your bathtub while
your parents slept in the room next door, | heard about it. I
know you better than any of your so-called ‘friends' do, and

Cassie, | approve."

book, many

hor. Since this is a. game
Sd -rne convoluted subjects, :
ts demand an odd approsc
Some will be
rom a Si

ding the Ecstatics, est
fanything, the story

of time- '
# The Story itse
of their common journey

Anda few more things.

Jf; Consider ita script
are often similar.

SF EniexvLy INTRUSION

things need to be spe
T'm just go)

facts, others editorials. All

of sorts. Although

Look for what is aie
= "

"So-called" friends is right. Marcie can't keep
her mouth shut tosave her life, apparently. Why'd she
talk to this cramp? Aria knows way more than I'm
comfortable with.

She pushes herself away from me suddenly, "But now
you've grown chickenshit, Cassie. You're too worried about
what so-and-so will think. You worry about AIDS, about pollu-
tion, about health insurance and bank balances and rent and a
thousand other things. And ic stifles you, Cassie. It's fucking
killing you, The fear is like cement and you're drowning in it. In
a year, you'll be just like all the other drones."

The shot hits too close to home. To hell with this chick.
Ishove my chair away from the table. "Go away. Just leave me
alone." | try to sound cool, growling the words, but it doesn't
work.

"If that's what you want." She stands. My belly freezes
from the look she gives me and a sudden ringing in my cars
drowns out everything but her voice. "But if] walk away now,
you will never see me again. And you'll be left wondering for
the rest of your life what you just gave up."

"What do you want?" My voice sounds tiny and strained.

Aria grins: "A kiss."

"Here?"

"Here. Now. To hell with what anyone thinks but you
and me."

linhale. The breath trembles all the way tomy lungs and
shudders there, waiting. I swear I can feel sweat creeping out
of my pores. All [can see are Aria's flashing eyes, so I close my
own. In darkness, it's so much easier to decide. Without a
word, I push myself out of my chair. It cakes an eternity to rise
to my feet, and I can feel cach muscle shift, cach joint flow
then lock into place as I step into her arms. | keep my eyes
closed as we press together. If others are staring, I don't want
to know.

God, she kisses well. Too well. I'm lost.

Everyone avoids our cyes as the two lesbos pay the check
and leave. Jesus, what have | just done?

eee

ed out in Plain English. F
in every NOW and

ing to stick mY nose i

This isn!

Intropaction: Pear 10 Touch


STEREOTYPES TREND Eula
the Cale go EAE

Me are true, MOst are not,
les: Totally false,

fatics consi, \
foresee thee Quite false. While they rey

Je consequencesg
by their mentors: No :

tists realized how ign j
RO: Kepressed, Ecstatic

Be, lost a lor of

© of the way " , ea

and callused fingers

1s deep inside me. She
jangle like tubular bells. Aria's bare and freezes me with

breathing, slightly husky, whistles, i You're ready now.
What am Labour todo with ef j : rard, she kisses me

itbefore, but I can't deny 1 wanted and clicks. The

in together? Do we look like leshas ;

how can L ever face Shelly nexy

Marcie? Can I stand it when ¢

before, and the words to dismis
throat.

"Look," I say, turning. The wol
than speech. I could end this now. Ai
my tongue. I fight the urge to spew it on,
can do this later... It's not a good time

¢ glides across the threshold.
up my feelings as I step inside and

8 Curt or Ecstasy

Ay Ecstamic Lexicon

A fair amount of Tradition terminology comes from its rootseTwo of the five founders of the original Seers of
Chronos were Tontrile Divyas, so they used Sanskrit to define many of the early concepts. Other terms have been added
over time.

Ananda — — The sacred state of bliss and transcendence. Not Ascension, but a step toward it.

Blockhead — — An outsider who doesn't get it and never will.

Chakra — Energy centers along the spine, through which mystick power flows. Various Eastemn practices define
either fbr or seven chakras; the latter correspond well with the locations of endocrine glands. Tantrik exercises (among
others) Stimulate Gnergy flows through these centers. See ojas.

Code of Ananda — The ethic most Cultists live by, compiled during the Tradition's founding and taught as gospel)"
by Ecstatic mentors.

Congrex — A mystick communion, sometimes sexual, sometimes not, which raises power and/or aeacoagie

ashared bond,
Dacmon— rmmoterr for the Avatar. A Dacmon, as opposed to "demon," is the inner ins;
\ the Sacred Self:
| \ Dakini—A Wiccan whose magickal powers flow from her sexual energies.
_  Diksham — The' ween mentor and student. :
i Divya — A Master who has.accomplished the highest understandings (i.c., someone who has five dots

fion, the muse,

4

‘one or more Spheres

) Jambo— A "for
ctionate greetings.

4 uel — The Paths of Ecstasy,

fy

d magick flows from i < - : : 5
\— "Life force"; the inner ae u tics refine through altered | s n x icp |
reserve, channeled through migickstike the Rush Prime Effect!

uinionwith spirits, usually (froodh rances: and possesion. This
and exchanges of perceptions on\both sides. Ls

* Drugs — Depressants ppareotics and other cherieal
g inogens, srimulant®™

He Cole Others

Most predate!
usually embodied:

iddhu — An Indian' 5
Tantra — A system iz polarities through ex:
popular belief, many Tantrik tcises have nothing todo with ~
the "right-hand way, concentra eniselr tua  WEyorisettow Rig el
the "left-hand path" of Tantrik magick, invokes inner Divinity through f6
drugs, dance and meditation. Three guesses which path most Ecstatics prefer.

"Tantra" also refers to spiritual seriptures and poetry involving the Tang \
Zeitgeist —*Time spirit"; a personification of a time period that carries s Bnal Resonance that it rakes on
a life of its own. Some time shaman Cultists can contact or even summon zeitgeists. - ee



First VERSE:
FREEPALL

Everyone is familiar with the phenomenon of feeling more or
less alive on different days. Everyone knows on any given day that
there are energies slumbering in him which the incitements of the
day do not call forth, but which he might display if these were
greater. Most of us feel as if a sort of cloud weighed upon us,
keeping us below our highest notch of clearness in discermment,
sureness in reasoning, or firmness in deciding. Compared with

what we ought to be, we are only half awake.
— William James, The Energies of Man

By [c's raining when | awaken. Cold hard sheets of
water roar across the parking lot like angry
soldiers. My warm bed is empty. Aria is gone.
Foramoment, my heart feels like the pavement
outside. Then I sigh and roll over. Some things
aren't meant to last, I guess.

My sheets feel like raw burlap against my
skin. Restless, I finally decide to rise. The light
filtering past the blinds looks like old coffee as
I pad to the shower. Strange; beneath my feet, the hardwood
floor seems rough, unfinished. Not unpleasant, just... more
textured than before. Curious, I stop and sweep my toes across
the surface. The resulting thrill surges into my fifth orgasm of
the night. When I stop trembling, the room feels colder.
What's happening to me?

Bathroom tiles holda different feeling. Theircool smooth-
ness soothes my jangled nerves. As if in slow motion, | glide
across the floor, brushing my soles against a rug fluffier than
itseemed before. Luxurious. I step onto itand dig my toes into
its fibers. Strange, the things you take for granted. As thunder
echoes from far away, I shove the curtain aside and summon
hissing water from the tap. Harnessed rain. I shift the setting
from bath to shower and test the water with my hand.

Seconds blend to hours. The storm in my own bathtub
tickles my palm, and the sensations race across my whole
body until my will gives way and yet another orgasm surges
outward. Finally, I step into the steamy tub and caress myself
with the water's flow. Outside, thunder rolls again, nearer his
time. Suddenly even this ecstasy is not enough.

Sudden impulse. Dare I follow it? The back door isn't far
away. It's dark. No one will see me. Trembling, I suddenly
ache to feel the storm itself across my skin, my feet in puddles,
my hair in tangles. After seeming hours of hesitation, I curn
off the water and head coward the door. What am I doing?
Again, a sudden surge of panic. What will Jim and Marcie
think? Surely they're awake by now. The image almost stops
me: dancing naked in the rain while the whole complex
watches, laughing, The fear freezes me halfway to the door. [
can't go out there.

The back door opens. It's Aria, of course, nude and
dripping with a wild grin across her face. A blast of cold
wind hits me from outside. "Come on out, Cassie," she
whispers. "It feels like heaven."

I follow her, of course, and a flood of new sensations
hits me as | step across the threshold. Chill iron, wet with

First Verse: Preeeaue =U

rain. Bright flickers from the clouds, a purr of creep-

ing thunder, Icy water-lash and warm skin beneath my

fingers. Aria leads me through the doorway and into the
rain like a new parent showing off her offspring. It's

glorious. With patient hands, she peels my arms from across.

my breasts, spreads my hands, pushes me forward and blocks

the doorway. I am naked to the storm and I worship it.

Why was I afraid?

Eyes closed, I let shudder after shudder ride through me.
The touch of warm fingers, palms, arms, breasts, stirs me from
my meditation. Aria wraps herself across my body, presses
close, squeezes me to her, turns me slowly around to face her.
Ie's like before: I'm helpless, her puppet. She kisses me slowly,
deeply, forever.

Dawn lightened the clouds at last and the rain subsided
to drizzle. 1 don't know when we left the balcony and
wandered back inside. But if anyone had seen us, I never
heard about it. And frankly, I never cared.

Tue Lessons Bean

Tam the fountain of affection — the instrument of joy
To keep the good times rolling, I'm the boy, I'm the boy
T say the world will be our oyster — you can put your trust in me
We'll keep che good times rolling

Wait and see, wait and see

Wait and see...

— Oysterband, "When I'm Up I Can't Get Down"

Gran endless state of hyper
‘could. Asese O
eto cnr i average Cultist

stimulat
Ths robe attuned
"the highest rat
toMarter? He'll
fo one will catch him ©
bawill feel the surge of elem
moved in frontof him. Mi :
Ste trying to see past rand
; pan material worl

. r 5
Hi stare to make an effort to ee them out.
(ehough something attuned to the sense,
roll co notice something h ree
extends his perceptions £0 ¢ me
of misfits. Their loss. (The Appe!

12 Catt or Ecstasy

Ecstatic mage k ae |

"g epi ok through some preferred ritual $ oa
undane ones, helping him enjoy a

ok ie Sphere sense £0 concentt ‘

. See Mage Second Edition.

Aria calls him "Wolf'; corny as it is, the name fits him,
tall, rangy-lean and bearded, he prowls behind the counter
like a restless animal staring into space. Brown hair brusha
his back and frames a face both sweet and sinister. Brown cyea
watch some enigma beyond the shop walls, and | wonder
what he sees to make him smile that way, Yesterday, |
would've ignored this long-haired burnout, Now he sees.
compelling.

Inside the shop, a techno-tribal beat throbs from hidden
speakers. I've heard it before and never liked the stuff, but this
morning it sounds fresh, like the thunder of the dawn. I called
in sick when Aria and | arose from bed, and she brought me
here to find, as she put it, a mentor for my "new life."

"Lean't teach you everything you need to know," she had
assured me, tousling my hair. "I know the dance but can't tell
you the steps. I know someone who can, though. Wolf." Over
my objections, she'd dressed me in her own clothes and
tummaged through my closet for some new ones. On her
insistence, we left barefooted. My feet are sore now, but I'm

not sorry, I've never walked around this way before.

I'm in a daze, a trance, a dreamwalk. Everything seems
surreal. The buzz from our dawn shower lingers and the spring
breeze rustles my skirt — Aria's skirt. It's nor something |
would wear myself, so tissue-light ic feels like nothing, but it
brushes my legs so softly L accept. I feel like a fool. I feel like
an outlaw. | feel like an agent in disguise. For now, I'll play
this game. I kinda like it.

s ‘ ‘Spheres in operation m
ecps his first: St must cum them

re IL it's WOKRATE
the day (or a0 an nt

Nt
trate on. Mi .

ially.t]

an do easily, like
hallucinations _


— = ——

Back in the shop. Wolf stares oblivious as
we wander to the counter, passing black T-
shirts, fetish gear and Indian imports in a é
if thousand pastel colors. Who wears this shit?
Aria's friend is furry, bare-chested beneath a
buckskin vest. A black tattoo of his namesake graces
his right arm. "Wolf!" says Aria. "Wolfl"
Py He shakes himself from his reverie and stares
| ) straight at me, "Sorry... can] help you?"
"Wolf, meet Cassie." Aria's voice draws
him suddenly to meet her eyes, not mine. "She's
the one I told you about."
"I didn't see you there for a minute, Aria." He
laughs, a purring chuckle. "Nice to meet you, Cassie."
He extends his hand, his eyes appraising me. | offer
my own hand; when both meet, I feel a spark, like a
static jump between hand and doorknob. Wolf feels it too.
He purrs again. "Damn, Aria. She could be your sister, except
for the hair."
I'm surprised. I didn't think we looked alike at all.
"She just woke up this morning, Wolf. Treat her gentle."
Treat me? Gentle? | cover the sudden surge of panic with
a laugh. "We all woke up this morning."
"Not like this," Aria assures me. "Today is something
different."

Against my better judgment, | let Aria leave me with
Wolf.

Behind the shop, there is a corridor, We followed Wolf
as he led us down into a candle-lit room thick with incense
and Persian rugs. As we descended, my terror rose, | would be
handcuffed, branded, raped, sold... the listofhorrors wenton
until we reached the chamber. My sore feet welcomed the
carpet. Frightened as I was, the room seemed comforting.
"Please, sit down," Wolf asks, indicating a pile of pillows. 1
sank down gratefully while Aria made her good-byes.

When she leaves, the fear returns. Cold. Crackling
across my skin like electric spiders. I'm alone underground
with a stranger, a bearded burnout with a devil's smile and
faraway eyes. He says nothing, only watches me as he takes a
thick glass goblet from a shelf, pours some wine and sets the
glass between us. It's my move, I guess. I take my cue from the
ting he wears, a cloudy blue stone with an inner glow, sct in
braided gold. "Nice ring," I say at last. "What is ir?"

He cocks his head to look at it. Shyly, like a kid on his
first date. "Thanks. It's sort of an heirloom."

"From who?"

"That," he answers, "isa long story..." And so began my
initiation.

9

First Verse: PReeesu. = 13 2

History Part |: THe Beqinninas

If the doors of perception were cleansed,
every thing would appear to manas itis, infinite,

— William Blake

This world, he says, is neither the first
world nor the last, merely a moment frozen in
time. That's all time is: a succession of frozen
moments, an endless "now," not a "then" or
"when." It sounds confusing, but it's vital to
understanding where the ring came from.
When it was made, no onc counted time in minutes or days,
but in seasons when the crops grew or the winters came. Time
was longer then, and the people, poor as they may have been,
were happier. Life was experienced, not observed.

Our people know what the ancient ones knew.
There's a pulse behind the seasons. If you listen
carefully, away from the modem noise
and pressure, youcan hearit. Itweaves
itself through music, throbs under
lovers' words and in the veins be-
neath your skin. The Divine Pulse.
Lakashim, The World's Heartbeat.
When the seasons were as days, we
all felt that pulse, and we were so
much more alive. Some felt the
pulse more than others, and those few
could become one with the Lakashim,
bending creation to their purposes. Oth-
ers feared them, or worshipped them and
called them shaman or artist or madman —
they were all one and the same. They were
the ones who made the rings, out of embers and
stone and the blood of Mother Earth, and the
rings sealed a pact, a memory of Lakashim.

As I listen, Wolf tells me of the origins of
art and insight. According to some theories, he
claims, human consciousness — the ability to
grasp this "Lakashim"" — began when primates ate
hallucinogenic fungi and plants, The sensations blew open
the doors of abstract reasoning and mystic insight, and this
paved the way for a host of other talents. As we grew more
sophisticated, those doors shut until only a select few could
comprehend that they existed at all. And those few made the
rings, and left them to their descendants. That's us.

You could call us a cult — a Cult of Ecstasy. People have
called us Seers of Chronos, New Romantics, BOn-Po, Sahajiya,
Los Sabios Locos, Timelost, anda host of other names, notall of
them terribly polite. We're the masters of crary wisdom, the
dancers to the Divine Pulse, the perverts and wildmen who act
out, from enlightenment, what others suppress out of fear.
We're the inheritors of the ring, the artisans of reality.
eeeee

When I express my disbelief, he hands me a bhong.
Old, arelic from the ‘60s from the look, and well-used from

144 Cart or Ecstasy

the smell. 1 shake my head. I haven't smoked since college.
"Don't smoke anything; just close your eyes and feel it."
Intrigued but skeptical, I do,

Suddenly I'm ona table, a sunlit room spreads before me
in a. 360° panorama. That shock is bad enough, but the wash
of sensations knocks me dizzy. Sea sale. Old pot. Unwashed
bodies. Groggy voices. The light has a fuzzy quality, and the
birds outside sound raucous, almost jeering. Bottles, mirrors
and magazines litter my resting place, and I discover that |
can't move. All I can do is feel. All proportion is gone —
everything looks so much larger than before. | try to look
down and discover that I can't.

"Hey, Cleo, where's the bhong?" a craggy, accented
voice inquires. From one side, a man
enters, naked and swaying. "It'son
the table," comes the reply, Cleo,
I assume. The man's eyes
widen slightly. "Oh, yeah, 1
sec it." He reaches for me.Oh
shie!! This isn't funny! His
fingers, gritty with sand, wrap
around me as he lifts me high in
the air, flicks a lighter to life and enfolds me
with his lips...

"Aageehhhh!" | shake myself from the
vision, spitting. "What the fuck was that?"

"That," Wolf replies, "is magick. And it's
real."

So I discovered the truth behind the veil. I listen
much better after that, We're all magicians, you see. It's
our birthright. Most people never realize it. I have. So has

Wolf, and Aria. There'sa whole pack of us, loosely organized
into something he calls "the tradition." I guess he means that
"Cult of Ecstasy."

According tohim, this Cult began with the firstsorcerers but
really came together in the late medieval period. Prior to that, our
kind had practiced as they would, and shared their visions with
their people. Music, theatre, wine-making and drug-taking all
began as ways to reach the Lakashim. Vision quests, which might
involve starvation, ordeals or tattooing, became rites of passage
in most cultures. Life was short in those days, and so every pain
or pleasure brought one closer to the Divine.

The shamans understood the link between our emotions —
the sacred passions — and the Lakashim. In time, they became
masters of creation, guides, healers, always seeking those things
that would lead to greater insights or powers. To focus himself, a
shaman would dance, eat peyote, drink soma or make love to
spirits. Not everyone had the courage to see things that way, orto
live with such intensity. Other forms of magick began, easier ways
to reach the World-Pulse. Priests created gods to worship, then
begged them for favors. Scholars compiled facts and artisans built
devices to help them understand the Lakashim. Everyone has


insight, so all these methods worked. Despite their differences,
these seckers all understood thar reaching their goal involved
breaking through mortal blinders and seeing things as they are,

lask Wolf what he meant by thar. He pauses a moment,
then hands me the goblet. "Before you can alter reality," he
says, "you have to perceive it as it really is." He lifted the
goblet and took my hand. The glass tingled my fingertips.
"This is solid glass, right? Filled with liquid and held in your
own flesh and blood. Solid masses, right?" I nodded out of
habit. He smiled and closed his eyes. I felt a crackling in the
air, as if it had been electrified.

Iscreamed at what I saw, and dropped the glass. Wolf's hand
flashes. I've never seen anyone move so fast. Before the goblet
fell halfway, he caught it, spilling only a few drops to the table.
Before they land, | see them splatter, slowly spreading out,
becoming droplets, floating free... then they fell.

I know my surprise shows. "That's a trick I'll teach you
sometime." Wolf chuckles: "For now, please don't drop the
glass again. Just look at ir."

I did. Where the glass once was, particles dance, a lattice-
work of dull blue sparkles. Inside this marrix, blinding bright
flashes swirl like glitver tea. Our hands twist together like rattan,
labyrinthine networks of cells and tendrils, millions of them,
pulsating with light in a spectrum of colors As I warch, a
shuddering halo of bumt orange and shimmering violet washes
around my hand and wrist. A similar aura of bright, flashing pink
surrounds Wolfsown. Everywhere | look, pattems stand in place

of solid objects, all of them moving, shifting, pulsating softly.
Shivers ripple through me. My matrix fingers slip slowly from
around the goblet-pattern, and Wolf takes it from me in what
resembles an exquisitely shoe slow-motion film. Before he does
it, [ remember it happening.

"Get the picture?" he asks as the world recurs ro normal.
I nod, silent. How could I not?

eecee

Eventually, religions grew up around the sacred passions —
the temples of Astarte and Aphrodite, the more spontaneous
rites of Dionysusand Freyja, the drug-dreams of Taloc the Vision
Serpent and Ga-Oh the Wind-Bome, and the eternal replica-
tion of the dance of Shakti and Shiva. The dance that makes the
world go ‘round. Other people, less enlightened but still search-
ing fora moment of bliss, joined that dance with lesser results —
and, as Wolf points our, less wisdom or discipline. Sacred rites
became reckless screwing. Irresponsibility led to uncontrolled
magick, to disease, addiction, unwanted children and jealous
partners — sort of like the modern world. The chaos led to
crackdowns from priests and kings. The cemples were demol-
ished, the phallic monuments smashed, the rites forbidden.
Sacred or not, the passions were outlawed. Except, of course, in
war. "All's fair..." after all.

The Couina of THE SEER

By the Dark Ages, our people were scattered. In India
and China, they formed underground sects, passing Tantrik
arts to their disciples. Islamic seers used hashish and

First Verse: PReeralL = 15

houris to bind assassins to their service. In the Ameti-
cas and Africa, Eestatics still gave sacraments to the
people, but were avoided by those with less insight than
they. In the cold north, Odin's priests hung from trees
awaiting visions while Christian fanatics wandered the
countrysides naked, flogging themselves or fasting. Ecstasy
remained a universal path to enlightenment, but then, as
now, most people were afraid of it. By the time the Christians,
Muslims and Buddhists had seteled their kingdoms, our kind
were banished to the shadows, working their Arts alone.

A conspiracy began, Wolf says, in the 1200s. A con-
spiracy of reason that denied ecstasy and replaced it with
science. When these philosopher-sclentists pooled their ef-
forts, they began a worldwide reality shift that he claims
blinds us all to this day. The sorcerers didn't notice until the
1400s, when a Seer came forth with a troubling prophecy:
Magick, he said, would die unless all magicians banded
together to counter the threat. Everyone dismissed him until
his words began to come true. This Seer, Wolf told me, was
called Sh'zar, and he founded our modern Tradition.

This is all too much for me. The last 24 hours seem like
a trip and I begin to crash. I can't keep my eyes open; the
pillows are too soft and Wolf's voice too low. After a while it
becomes a buzz and [ call a halt. "Look," I begin, "This is all
really cool and everything, but I'm not sure I want to know it.
If there's some conspiracy, I'm not sure I should know it."

"Tomorrow, then. Ac least, relatively speaking." He
Swogho at lis Juke, bur It flies past me,

"I don't know. Maybe not. I don't feel like a magician,
least of all an ‘Ecstatic' one. I've got a life to get back to.
Thanks, though."

"Youcan'tgoback. Not now. Youcan leave here, but you're
adifferent person than you were this time yesterday. Aren't you
at least intrigued?" I agree that perhaps I am. "Then here," he
says, holding out the goblet, "I'll keep this until you decide. I
can't tell you more until we make a promise to each other—a
diksham bond — but I won't force you to do something you're
not sure about. Being one of us is fun, but it's dangerous fun,
Cassie, and I'm letting you know that up front. You're standing
on the cusp of something more important than you'll ever know,
but you have to make the decision. I'm not here to sell you
anything." He takes the goblet away. "When you're ready, I'll be
here. But don't take too long deciding. I won't be here forever.
Nor will Aria."

She'snot there when I return home. Herscent lingers in my
bed, on her clothing, but there's nosign of her. I'm relieved. And
terrified. What ifshe won't come back? 1namomentof madness,
I throw all my shoes away, then cry for hours. That night, I talk
with God. At least, I think it's God. I'm not sure anymore. His
voice carries all the doubt and indecision I've ever known:

16 Cart or Ecstasy

"Do Not. Thou Shale Not." I can't sleep again. I'm afraid. So
damned afraid that I hate myself.

Tospite that fear, I return to Wolf the next morning. He
doesn't seem surprised to see me. "Come on back, Cassie," he
says heartily. On whispering feet, 1 follow.

INITIATION

The Five Steps to Ecstasy

1: Surrender Your Fear.

2: Focus Your Intentions.

3: Open Yourself,

4: Atcune Yourself to the Lakashim.

5: Repeat Step One.

Ie scared the shit out of me when Wolf shucked his
jacket. Inside Aria's skirt pocket, I'd hidden a steak knife.
If don't like this, I'm not staying, I'd chought. As he takes
out the goblet and swirls the wine, | wonder if I'll have to
use the knife. From some hidden speaker, hypnotic chant-
ing begins. Wolf sets the goblet between us, shuts his eyes,
and begins to chant himself. After a moment, music rises,
a winding, pulsating rhythm. Soon the air itself begins to
throb; I sway, in spite of myself, like a charmed serpentand
I'd swear that even the candles flicker in time. After what
seemsa liquid eternity, Wolf opens his eyes and stares into
my own:

"I swear, by all | hold sacred and fine, to instruct you,
to guide you, to cespect you. Never shall | harm thee, never
shall I betray thee, for your trust is my own. This do |
promise you."

He holds the goblet before him, drinks deeply, and passes
it to me. | accept. The wine smells faintly of cinnamon and
burns a bit going down. Some lingers on my lips, Slowly lick
them clean.

Wolf extends his hands to mine, Trembling, we touch

The sex goes beyond just sex. The sweaty trysts I've
shared so many times, even the soft intensity of Aria, are
nothing compared to this melding fire of mingled spirits. It's
acommunion beyond words, a telepathic tidal wave washing
through us both. Wolf is a stranger to me, yet we become
partners as we bleed into each other. The twilight thunder
tides us foretemities, then subsides finally intoa shared pulse,
a steady dying roar rumbling into the rhythms of hidden
music. The dance of Shakti and Shiva ends.

"Jesus," 1 mutter as the fire dies down, "What's in that
wine?"

"Cinnamon, cloves and sugar. It wasn't the wine, Cassie,
Te was us."

I laugh shakily as he holds me close. "I think I may like
this Cult."


- —

le Cult may
by

Informal as
student,
j Mose ic ! lovers.
R tors and pupils be
nee be ey on parthetshipe @ Re of
ep nticeship pact, the diksh,
ome am,

be, one re

¢ best thing a stad
unl

ess he's smart and ea
ner isn't under any oblig
Ator's wisdom, safety and

Most Traditions, an Ecstatig

seo
is akin tortosting 3 baby up in
Abusing, tric

take his Student away,

an: Cultises betrayed in

Darwini:

History Part ll: THe Counce GatHers

pas "HAM — THe MENTOR/STUDEM Bey ae

lationship stands

Their sex is more
Payment, whate

On to diksham can do is
ener
folloy Toad, bu if

Pay attention, A, Ecsta
Mist takes a pupil, he ly

firm: diksham, the Covenant between a m,

mages' essences and basi sys
cs are shunined or punished

tifshe's smart, ‘e-will,

Sometimes in life situations develop that only the
half-crazy can get out of.
— La Rochefoucauld, Maxims 310
y Sometime later, we wrap ourselves in blan-

kets and return to the history lesson. We're
closer, now, and our touch stirs electric shivers.
Now that the pact is sealed, Wolf tells me
secrets. His lessons continue for hours. Al-
though he relates the events in a bewildering
stream of impressions, as ifhe himselfhad lived them, I prefer
to remember them in the past tense. He picks back up with
the Seer, Sh'zar, and his prophecies of disaster.

Sh'zar, they say, spoke to 23 Masters of the Arts. Three

$s
Divyas, or divine initiates, followed him, and preached his
gospel to those they met — Akrites Salonikas, Tali Eos and
Kalas Jnana. Three other Masters listened, then returned to
their own orders and convinced them to gather — Night-
shade, Valoran and Baldric. These three Masters belonged to
warring factions with centuries of bad blood spilled between
them. The words and visions Sh'zar imparted changed their
minds. [¢ took time, but by 1440 arrangements had been made
to mect.

Sh'zar and his friends had already been busy. While the
Seer conferred with Baldric, Nightshade and Valoran, the
other Divyas journeyed across the world, greeting others of
their kind. They traveled through dreams and across time to
places no European had explored: the Americas, the Far East
and deep into Africa. When a second meeting was arranged,
they gathered their friends together and pooled their talents.
Acthe second meeting, over 500 Ecstatics and their servants
arrived, including the Mayan Master Xiootin lox. The fac-
tions raged and debated for nine years and finally formed a
Council; during that time, Sh'zar and the others conceived of
a way to meld different sects into a coherent whole, a single
Tradition.

Time was one key. Each Tradition needed a specialty.
Since most of Sh'zar's bunch were masters of prophecy, Time
seemed the obvious choice for them. The others dubbed the
Ecstatics "Seers of Chronos," and the name became official.
Of all the magi, they understood time best. Sh'zar and the
other Divyas realized that when you dive into the Lakashim
wholeheartedly, time reveals itself as just another illusion
— albeit a powerful one, with its own laws. So time was
one answer to the dilemma; respect was the other.

First Verse: Preeemut = 17

)
b)

Remember that we're talking about the 1400s;
kings ruled by divine right throughout the world,
soldiers killed whomever they pleased and bandits roamed
the countrysides, Divinity, in whatever form you chase to
view it, promised hardship in life and judgment after death.
Sh'zar saw a better way. In the early days, he said, the strong
protected the weak and helped them to grow. The abuse of
power was a perversion, a blasphemy to the Divine Gift, life.
He felt, as did the other Divyas, that if people could just see
what a miracle they lived in, they would at least respect that
miracle and live in harmony, if not peace.

"That's optimistic." My voice is dry and I wonder if I've
been as rude as I think I was.

"Consider," Wolf replies, unruffled; "You are
composed of an infinity of cells, tiny organisms
working together to obey commands
implanted decades before they ex-
isted. Thousands, millions, of them
die every day, and yet each cell that
replaces them not only follows
those old commands but reacts to
each new stimulus you provide —
millions of new events every day.
Consider that cells like that help
youtoeven comprehend that thought,
then add to that face thar I, too, have
untold millions of cells in my bedy doing
the same thing, Multiply that by every
thing, living and unliving, on the planet,
consider how we all interact, millions of
times a day, from answering a phone to making
love to getting outof bed in the morning toeven
having a moming to awaken to! Imagine all
those billions of simultaneous miracles occur-
ring within our vicinity every fucking day, then
add the ecosystem which keeps the whole mess
running through an endless complex dance of cause
and effect. Sh'zar may not have defined things in those terms,
but he saw the whole world from that perspective. When you
add it all together and just consider it for a moment, it seems
pretty insulting to think creation is anything but miracu-
lous!"

What can I say to that?

eeeee

Obviously, the real world doesn't work that way. Even
the other Divyas disagreed, but Sh'zar stood firm, to the point
of showing everyone what he was talking about the same way
Wolf showed me. After long debates, the Divyas drafted the
Code of Ananda, a list of proverbs that illustrated the wisdom

18 Curt or Ecstasy

a Seer should have and the responsibilities he or she should
live by. If the world would not listen to reason, said Sh'zat,
then he and his companions would exemplify it — not the
power-politics of the so-called Order of Reason, but a reason
born of respect for one's own Divinity.

Like many of us who attain high levels in our Arts, SI
saw many futures and pasts, especially his own. His beliefs
would be tested, rejected and finally compromised upon. So
he preached the Code of Ananda with a frantic fervor,
spreading the ideal of sclf-accountability throughout the
Council. Other sorcerers, particularly Nightshade, picked up
Sh'zar's message and spread it their own way. As ye harm none,
goes one variation, do what you will, Sh'zar's emphasis was on
the "As ye harm none" part; other magi favored the second

saying— including many of our own.

Naturally, many Ecstatics re-
fused to follow the Code. Sh'zar,
in a rare moment of fury,
took a Dionysian Seer
named Thales and bonded
him empathically to a boy
he had raped. The shock (now
called a punishment wheel) un-
hinged Thales and proved two points for
Sh'zar: One, he could — and would —
enforce his Code ifhe desired; and two, that
a person's actions did not occur without
consequence. If those consequences could be
shared, the Scer reasoned, people would stop hurt-
ing one another. He brought forth many old rituals
which bonded people together (aspecialty of ourkind,
as | was to realize), and showed how pleasure was better
shared than pain. Those that did share pain, the Seerssoon

proved, made very effective weapons.

To the majority of the other Traditions, the Seers of
Chronos were a bunch of irresponsible hashheads whose
main talents included music, sex and an uncanny foresight.
The eloquence of the Divya Akrites proved them wrong; he
supposedly debated Christian scripture with priests and the
words of the Prophet with mullahs — and won. Through it
all, he maintained a humor and lust for life that impressed
many sorcerers. The ferocious Tali Eos was said tohave bested
Teutonic knights in drinking contests and samurai in swords-
manship. Xiootin lox puzzled Hermetic magi with his mastery
of astronomy, and Kalas Jnana impressed Chinese wizards
with her knowledge of the Buddhist sutras and elemental
Arts. Through force of personality and arcane power, the
Seers gained the respect of their fellow Traditions.

Until the Great Betrayal.


-

ME CODEORSININDA

frandmentsof ‘Festasy," these proverbs were collected by Sh's h

/ originated oF collected the Sayings bur Ecstatics agree that the 05

Vice for an anarchistic sect like theirs.
ed transcendence: The

atk side of freedom,

were punishe

Ten Oo

Code also carrics strong connotation of ri
and didn'c want to found a Tradition of ps)
d severely. Though he loathed the duty,
bility was essential if the Seers were (0 a

reness of consequences and conds

does not make his joy,o
Code's tenets, an

new all too we
Jho violated the
thimself, He knew that ace!
xs mistook them for. Respect for others, aval
atic, it ASSUMES,

1 Code. A good Ecst
mmbers and visitors alike adhere to the

tain respons!

itten in Greekand Sanskrit. Even translated, the Code
uum all 10 proverbs upin two simple W "Be gool- ay

RT MIRACULOUS: $0 AIRE WE AL \ | / y
. 3 115 (PON His OOD RIGHT ul M RIND THELERT 0
Fens VIELDS-AWO LIKE IT: 1) bi\h CREATES £1 SUNDLE# B

ECRERTES MEINE. + SHALL SEENATCCOMNT HIS DEER
GsNEN OTHERWISE.

ce HMLINNEED

pfaTIRNOT Tosh WHO WOULDAY

ARE THE
Uli: Ler exci SEER ACCOUNT HS
NE DAT PORTH TOWEER ALONE.

AVY: Heanor COOLETH BLOOD: WRATH SPILLETH IT.
1X: Even TREES RENT BY LigTN IN sty GROW NEW ERAT.
Xe AI Boot PEELS NO ERK: SLEEPER REMAINS SHACKLED

{r 45 qoob To BE AERA! Telok.

p; ITS ROLLY 10 pow 107

In 1466 the First Cal
bal,
including Akrites Saloni , a group of hand-picked magi .
lers vi = Seers, 4 maining Divy:
chimed: os Akrites as an accessory. "The prophe many Although StS refused to let the legacy colla
friends (and, th en down ‘on the job and let one of KE ey remained Masters be ad dled by this time, Eos and Tins
Although he, Tall eosioed, bie loves) dcttray hee eer arship and backed up by pasa Fortified with schol:
mates fifa ented ache Bic to Cleis soe) Dessous eeler eens sae the Verbena
ss i 5 juisitor' wars Bos' to >
and eae disgraced. Dispirited, Akrites left a ingeon, the sions, pit en masterpiece, The Nine al pas
peared. Soon after, Sh'zar went looki f , Tradition mages by this i allmark for serious Ecstatic magi ( ied
ingforhimand the seat of all Set eaeea sonar mes hat
¢ soul; emotion wedded pti
vith @

Q)

Pirst Verse: PReeeaL = 19


intellect propels that soul to higher things —an ideal
often called Ascension. A soul with crippled passions
could never achieve that exalted state, she argued, at

least not without more sacrifices than most people would
be willing or able to make. Eos, who had been raped prior to
her Awakening, knew what she was talking about. The Nine
Sacred Passions solidified the Seers' place amid the Council
and converted many of their critics.

Then the Burning Times began, and Christian Europe
went berserk, torturing and killing millions in an endless
round-robin genocide of religious wars, Inquisitions, persecu-
tions, reformations, witch-hunts and finally, plague. Worse,
they brought their wars across the seas, and native cultures
(like those of our Dreamspeaker colleagues) were decimated.
All mages went underground during this gruesome time: even
Masters weren't safe from the fire. The Order of Reason
fanned the flames for a while, but even its conspiratorial eyes
wept at the carnage.

During this time, our Seers, now renamed the Sahajiya,
concentrated in India and the Middle East to avoid the
bloodshed in Europe. Many small sects broke off to pursue
their own beliefs. Those few who remained in Europe wan-
dered like mad beggars, protected somewhat by the
superstitions about insanity, In the Council chambers, in-
trigues between the fellowship table (located ina place called
Horizon) and another stronghold named Doissetep stalled
many efforts to make the Code of Ananda an official proto-
col. The last great Divya, Eos, died in 1562 (which I guess was
understandable, given her age), and Jnana's second son,
Siddhu Asva, struggled against a plot by a renegade sect
called the Aghoris, who thought there should be no limits in
the search for ecstasy. He defeated their greatest Divya ina

The Nive SsicRED Passions

Seodor bad, they just are" fits the
+ he only really ba,
Technocracy,

Eos' lise hag
Tradition. Still

Never been cons

20 Cutt or Ecstasy

b wom onone'ssleeve, Ecstatics know hy
There's NB Wrong with whar
—__

dered infallible; Cultists have

1h most mentors pa
ithelps to know where those limits are Bee theirstuden
~ Sel

combat called certamen. The sect retreated in 1573, but the
Aghoris still remain on the fringe.

Another splinter group, the Fellowship of Pan, had a
more productive idea. According to Wolf, facries really did
exist once, and our group dealt with them regularly. When
witch-hunts threatened these fae, the Fellowship helped
them into hidden worlds which Wolf called Horizon Realms
(I remind him to tell me more abour them when we have
more time; he reminds me that time is relative. | tell him
never mind). Supposedly, these faeries were, and remain,
very grateful for the help. Finally, by 1800, the religious
madness wore itself out and a new era of possibilities began.

Tue Cart or Bacchus

Ah me! in sooth he was a shameless wight,

Sore given to revel and ungodly glee;

Few earthly things found favour in his sight
Save concubines and carnal company,

And flaunting wassailers of high and low degree.

— Lord Byron, Childe Harold

300 years of religious warfare, 200 of colonialism and a
succession of revolutions had shaken the old kingdoms to their
knees. The Council of Traditions had been shaken severely as
well. When masses of Dreamspeakers defected from the Coun-
cil, they left the Sahajiya without allies. As "enlightenment"
spread, first across Europe then inexorably across the rest of
the world, the mages found themselves in separate corners.
When the colonial powers wound their way into the Sahajiya
strongholds in India and the Americas, most Ecstatics de-
clared war, found niches, and exploited them.

In India, the Kalika Rajas sect lashed out at the British
authorities. (Kali, Wolf tells me, is the destructive aspect of
the goddess Shakti. He reminds me that the Hindu gods had
many faces; | just nod and follow along.) While their followers
strangled travelers and soldiers, the mages among them sent

Ecstatic viewpoi 2
id passion is the lack of Pasion, Emon ea

iow much

concepes ie =

ce the founding of these ™
Wy


madness and plagues into the cities, incited uprisings,
tumed themselves into animals, and generally made
things miserable for the English. Although the sect was
demolished in the 1840s, some Kalika Rajas supposedly
survive today,
In the Americas, many Sahajiya found new and fascinat-
ing experiences among the Narive Americansof the Southwest
and the plains. Although they often traveled alone, these
mages put up a vicious fight against settlers. Some fought
with guns, or tribal weapons. Orhers used magick and
caused whole cavalry units to disappear. When the Civil
War began, some American Ecstatics (renamed Los Sabios
Locas, or "The Crazy Wise Ones") picked off soldiers with
whiskey, seductions and insanity.
In Europe, some mages fed the disillusionment of
artists and dreamers, encouraging Hellfire Clubs and
Romantic poets to throw society on its ear. Society reacted
with shock and secret admiration. The drawing rooms of
Byron, Shelley, Rimbaud, Baudelaire and de Sade saw stylish
debaucheries. Someone changed the Tradition's name to the
Cult of Bacchus. And suddenly the joke wasn't funny any-
more,
This sudden violent shift after years of near-pacifism shocked
many Council mages. The Divyas in Horizon called a jambo, an
important meeting, in 1867 to discuss the problem. Sh'zar's dream
was a mess; the new Cult was exactly what the Code of Ananda
had been created to discourage — a pack of self-serving rebels
causing trouble because they could. Although the Cult itself had
little structure, over 150 Eestatics came together todebatea return
tothe Code. Older mages agreed that the new blood had gone too
far; younger mages, in turn, accused the Divyas of cowardice. This
was war, they said, and ecstasy was not always kind.
A cloud of hashish, some say, heralded a miracle. Sh'zar
himself appeared above the crowd, rippling with power and
Paradox. (I make a note to ask Wolf what "Paradox" is later.) The
legend says he spoke for several hours, sweeping the assembly with
potent smoke, then vanished. Supposedly, he reminded his de-
scendants that the highest passion was Joy, not Hate. Joy rebuilds
what Hate destroys. So saying, he performed his greatest and final
miracle: he poured the accumulated misery of all the renegades'
victims onto the assembled crowd in a monumental punishment
wheel. After recommending that the Tradition change its name
and remember its lesson, he vanished, probably for good.
After that, the Tradition re-embraced the Code. Al-
though individual Ecstatics still follow their own conscience
(or lack of one), the Cult of Bacchus became, at least for the
moment, the Cult of Ecstasy.
(['mnot sure if Wolf believes this story or not. Though he tells
it with the same conviction that he's shown throughout the
history, hedoesn'tscem to be the sort who accepts adexexmachina
without seoffing. When I press him, he says it's the best explana-
tion he's heard for the Cult's sudden reversal. Who am I to
argue?)

First Verse: PReeenlt = 21


Tue Revoiation

If we cannot wake you, then we'll have to shake you
Though some say you'll only understand a gun
Got to prove chem wrong or we will lose the battle
Don't you know you'll start a war which will be won by none

— Steppenwolf, "Move Over"

The Cult appears to be a
Tradition forever stumbling
over its own feet. By the
turn of the century, they
seemed more interested in
sharing pleasure than
painonce again. Maybe
the shift came from
Sh'zar, or maybe just
from the fact that most
Bacchanalians died
young and badly. A few
exceptions, like
Aleister Crowley,
still "did what they
would." Most Cult-
ists, though,
preferred examples
like Isadora Duncan of
Sir Richard Burton —
rebels eating at Victo-
tian conventions from
the inside — to assail-
ants like Crowley. The
20th century gave both
types plenty to work
with.

The misery of
World War I un-
leashed a frenzy of
rebellion across the
Western World. The
roaring‘20s, with
their grand ex- ©
cesses and
revolutionary
tone, set the ball in
motion. World
War I, with the
largest body count
in history, demol-
ished whatever
conventions were
left standing. Cult-
ists rushed in, first
tentatively, then excitedly, and helped themselves to the
confusion. The ashes of the two wars —and the succession of
wars that followed — left our Tradition a new world to work
with. People were scared— of dying, of technology, of each

22 Cutt or Ecstasy

other. A few Cultists and a host of mortals went in to take that fear
in hand.

Itbegan in coffee shops, in civil rights marches, in writers'
colonies and average homes. It began when soldiers came
home with new ideas and scientists scrapped what was left of
the old ones, It began with electric guitars, TV, radio and
drugs, and it rose up to change the world: The revolution
of the senses. The C of E heyday.

Morrison, Joplin, Hendrix, Hoffman, Dick,
Leary, Shankar, Slick, Lennon, Goddard,
Warhol, Moog... an endless list. Some
were Awakened, many were not.
Most had no idea what they were
doing but were doing their best
at it anyway. Some outsiders
give the Cult credit (or
bkame) forinventingrock-
neroll, the drug culture
andpomography;accond-
ing to Wolf, we simply
cook whatalready existed
and gave it a hard push.
Anything that was dan-
gerous, wicked and
sensual was up for grabs,
and the Culrists recog
nized the reason: We
want the forbidden. We
craveritual. Weneedour
passions, and passion is
neversafe. Heavenisdull;
we humans crave a taste
ofhell toletusknow what
we're missing.
And then we blew it.
eeeee

Wolf say:
both wrong and right.
He was wrong when he
thought all we needed
was love; he was right
when he insisted that
irresponsibility would
destroy us. Maybe it
already has."

"The world was
waking up. Slowly, for
sure, but it's coming out
of a long and fitful
slumber. It was waking up with a big hard-on and a rumble in
its belly, ready to go. And then, in the '70s, we threw water in
its face."

‘Now imagine," he continues, his eyes wild by candle-
light, his hands dancing like tripping spiders, "that you were in
bed. Your clock radio has just gone off. It's time to wake up and

EE

you're doing it. And then some asshole dumps a big bucket of
ice water right in your face."

"I'd be pissed," I reply.

"Exactly. And that's the world we're in now: groggy, drip-
ping, half-awake and angry as hell. And the worst thing is, noone
knows who threw the water. So some folks blame each other,
some blame God, and some are looking at anyone who seems
guilty. Everyone's paranoid and the status-quo merchants, who
I'll tell you about Later, hand the world a big furzy towel and say
"Goback to bed. I'll deal with this." Enter the 90s. Does the world
stay up, stay angry, or stay in bed? Who knows? It's a toss-up. But
damn some of the careless bastards who threw that water."

"Didn't you say that was our job?"

"Yeah," he says at last. "I guess it is."

It's really late when Wolf finishes the lesson. A knock at
the door heralds the entrance of a spiky-haired blonde intro-
ducedas Vivianne: "I'm locking up, Wolf. Youstickingaround?"
After introductions, | realize how starved Fam. Wolf offers to
walk me home, and I agree.

"Hey, Wolf," I finally ask, "So where did you get
the ring, anyway?"

"Oh, that," he says, glancing at the glowing stone. "I
made it."

We don't intend to stop at the bar, but it's here and so are
we, so we enter and order. No one comments on my bare fect; [
take that as a good sign. We laugh, eat and drink until the place
is spinning giddily. It's way past midnight when we reach my
building. I'm tempted to let Wolf crash for the night, but he
demurs: "I think you've seen enough of me for one day." Deep
inside, I'm relieved. I need time to sort this all out.

Aria greets me with a hug anda warm kiss. "You're looking
better already," she notes.

"I'm looking sired already," | sigh, wandering into my
bedroom and collapsing on the newly-made bed. She joins me
there, all questions, and begins to massage my back and
shoulders. She's got wonderful hands.

What the hell. I'll sort this out tomorrow.

Pinst Verse: Freerntt © 23


SECOND

FACES IN THE SMOKE

Trust and its sistey, sservender, are like a womb in which all
of cunycivusness con gestate and manure.
Richan! Mass, The t That is We

] The next few weeks rush by ina haze of trans-

Na more incense. Nothing fies. can'cconcencrate.
Every moming arrives with an ache in my
stomach and a fleshwide tingle which will nor
be stilled. My sense of time scrambles. When
T'm on my own, my senses wander. My hair
8 grows back co its natural auburn tangles and my
totally out of concrol. Even looking at my own
ips makes me homy. Even so, Wolf commands me net
to masturbate. Restraint, he says, will focus my budding
powers

Nm slipping at work. When I complain to Wolf, he
Turmmuayes through a drawer and comes out with a wad of bills.
"Quit," he grins."Heré'syournewjab." tcountthecash when
I ger home — $30,000. [ don't want to know where he got it.

Tcan't sleep. The sheets are coo rough, my bedy too
rebellioas. Finally, when my frustration reaches at unendur-
able peak. | hear the creak of doors and a barefoot whisper.

VERSE:

Ariasmilesin the darkness and greets me with kisses. Herskin
fools like hot quicksilver against my own. With her fingers,
tongue and hair, she helps me cum myself ta sleep. When f
crash, I crash hard. When J awaken, she is always gone.

Each day now, I visit the shop. When I arrive, Wolf gees
Vivianne to mind the store, then brings me to his sanctum.
I flow from summer into fall chrough an endless reel of dances,
lessons, sex and miracles. Marcie, my best friend, doesn't
seem co know what to make of me now. After a while, she
stops trying.

Occasionally, the fear returns, a full-blast panic furnace;
when it happens, Wolf shares my tears and holds me until the
shakes subside. Sometimes, Aria is home before me, and we
talk like schoolgirls until dark. Other times, I come back to
an empty apartment, anxious that tonight will be the night
she will not return.

These impressions of who and what we are pass through
the next few weeks. While no solid thought halds, the
memories linger.

i)

Secoww Verse: Paces iN THE SMOKE


Tue Ecstatic Paty

Yen're all you've got
Cansider & a gift

—The Nails, "Mood Swing"

The first thing I learn is chac.my new
w "club" has noseathelts ag life insurance. From
‘ 3 initiation onward, a Cultise is on her own.
Ns Mentors and friends show you the lay of the
Ie f) land, buc the journey — and its missteps —

— ah ap fo you.

We're more a tough confederation than an organization.
Lessons are taught through examples arn) mistakes. Each
mentor sees things @ bit differently, and each student will
interpret those insights as he will. Though we all share a
similar vision, we view ic from differenc angles.

As Wolf puts it, we learn to see with primal vision. By
atcuning ourselves with existence itself, we can step ourside
‘our mortal perceptions, seeing {and acting) like demigeds.
‘Our fellowship (only one of many, as I will soon learn) values
individual freedom — and responsibility — above all else.
The consequences, good and bad, of our actions belong 02 us
alone,

Some customs do exist to keep our Cull together: the
Code of Ananda is pretty importanc to most of our kind, and
emotional bonds like the diksham keep us in touch and
honest. When chings get really bed, certain protocols help us
resalve disputes or punish people who've gone too far. For the
tmnost parc, chough, we're on aur own. Only personal wisdom,
friends and sheer luck keep us from dancing into oblivion.

Lassi: THe Divive Parse

Creation has a heartheat, a pulse that everyone cm feel.
Mosr Cultists call ic the Lakashim, Dhambia, the Serpent
Road, or other names, Our passions, senses and unconscious
minds tap inte this pulse; ourintellect blocks our perceptions
somewhat, but it focuses chem, noo. The ideal state of con-
sciousness sends us past mere intellect or sensation inte &
communion, through both, wich che Lakashim.

Anyone who achieves this scare suspends herself in time
and works realicy with her will. Most people enter inco ic for
fleeting momencs. Our Arts depend on achieving thar ideal
whenever posible. Many kaanamarga, or "peths of desire,"
focus your consciousness, enhancing sensations and passions:
past normal human limits. The Lokashim waits beyond those
limitations.

flnanpsi. Oynis a AlaceNsion

The road to excess leads ta the palace of uxsdem... for we cen
never know what is enough until we know what is more then
enough,
— William Blake

AsHLP, Lovecraft said, the most merciful ching about
human consciousness is that it remains blind co the sm-

2% = Carr or Ecstasy

mensity of the cusmas. We need thar blindness to a degree:
without it, che vast scope of creation would drive people
crazy. To stay sie and progress, we need to be able ro pat
things in little boxes, give them names, and look at them in
ways we choose to understand. Ecstacics want ro get around
that merral blindfold, chough, ta sneak a poek at mw reality.
Ie's a dangerous game; staring at the sun can blind you. Still,
fost. Cultists would rather burn ches eyes cut then live their
whole lives without ever having seen that sun in all its glory

Catching sight of reality in all its splendor brings on
Indescnbable moments of rapoure. Cultésts cali such mo-
mencs ananda, the bliss that stops time. That bliss allowa us
ti sidestep reality — co work magick. More importantly,
though. it belps us understand the immense miracle we exist
in. That, more than any law or cade, keeps us honest, It's hard
to disrespect any aspect uf creation when pou can stare che
whole thing in the face.

Ananda can't be described, only felt. Most ures, faiths
and magicks are just ways to capcure bliss. Most people gw
their whole lives knowing something is right around the
corner of their perceptions, butneverget more than aglimpee
of it. think chaz fruzcracion drives people co despair, to
fanaicisin, even ¢ all for another tasce of c :
uwn blood. As I'm discovering, it's damned heady wine.

) War
Ohas, our vical life force, is the grape for thar wine:
Distilled by wodding pastions with perceptions, ojus carries us
10 a higher state and allows us that look behind the curtain
Everyone has this power. Most folks, though, only feel it
during extreme stress or pleasure. Suddenly, everything seems
se much more alive. Time crawls and perceptions go through
the roof. Thac's an ojas rush. By atcuning ourselves to thar

energy, Cultists can petform minor minicles — and noc jure
magickal ones. By cultivating our inner power, we can focus
ourselves to any task we choose. Even people without height-
éned perceptions can tell there's something different abit
us, Bese of all, ic feels great

Supposedle, advanced mages can throw away the
blindfold completely and achieve lasting ananda, compre-
bending everyching in a vast endless moment. This wordless
state cual be called Ascension, Nirvana, Apatheosls, One
ness, Eon, wharever, There's no simple path 0 this transition:
each person has to find her own way, | guess, and any
description of it falls hack into "mortal blinders" ceri
How can you describe infinity? Or even map the rad to
witness it?

Infinits is cerriffing. The anticipation I feel every mom-
Ing now bs never far from fear. Even so. many of us want 1
help others experience happiness. Much of the chaos in the
modern world, Pm toll, can be linked toan absence of respect
ancl a desperate search for bliss. By sharing our vision, we may
be able 6 share out joy, too. Muybe if we can do that, rhere
won't be so much need for fear


Perhaps this is the way the world has to be. I'm noc sure According co some people, all mages carry a

otal Ascension. anyway, good friend with chem. You can call ic your Avatar,

Where do you #o from there? Mayke it's just my fear of your muse, your Daemon, Uncle Knokby, whatever. The
something soincomprehensible, but I chink ecstasymightbe — name's not important; this he}pmate is an aapec your-
hes than in endless pleasure, Wolf self chat assists you along life's uncertain road, inspiring,
tells me ane night: "The concept of Heaven, even if it meant teaching, occasionally even tempting or cormenting. Persnn-
ceeenal bliss, never appealed much tome. [like to viewlifeas ally, I'd consider this "Avatar" my unconscious telling me
a chrill-ride with endless variations. My ideal heaven would what [ already know bur don't want to admit. Aria suggests
be to take a shor break from this mortal merry-go-round, that icy he a voice from my future-self passing my pastaelf
¢ hack on and go for another ride. Life's much more 3 few notes, Walf believes in spirit-totems; he's chosen his
interesting than an eternity of anything." Many Cultists, name from his own, and calls me"Orter" on vecasion (which
including myself, would agree with him deives me batshit). Other Cultists prefer past lives, soulmates,
» guardian angelsand demons, whatever. Most
belpaates come tv you in dreams or visions. Really powerful
nes suppxsedly appear in solid form, or seem to, at
haven't seen an Avatar yet, so |
con't say. [c's all & bit mera-
physical for me, bur I guess
PIL adjust.

Visonoursts

At turning pain of

# lot of people would want co find

wertul in brief fla

more

then

Tie Risks Plaeonic id

er on his goad days,

>retum, and
on bad ones he'll leave you in a broken
heap. It's a damned fine line hetween
blivion, and lets of people
search: # one end up in the other.
uside from Paradox (n magickal phe-
wena Wolf describes as slamming

cm so far up you'll never wa

ecstasy and

our lives, visions present
themselves. Sometimes we go
looking for them, but mostly they find
us instead. Some people cull these mo:
ments "Seckings," though | prefer
"visionquests" myself.

¢ deste of perception on your head),

our fellow Culrises have a nasty ten-

y to become addicted to their own
ool is only

huildastaincase without

sensations, C anger chunt

"h'shard

"said Aria ane night, During a visionquese, you find yourself

alone with your fears. To move forwanl, you
have co confront them and break chrough.
Cultist usually isolates herself from friends and fa-
miliar crutches, going off ta some totally alien place.
What happens there is a mater of opinion: Do spirits
visit you? Do you confront God and the Devil in one? Or
do the voiccs and visions come from within your own
head? Some sectsand mentors stage visionquests for cheir
initiates, dosing them with drugs and sex unril they
hard my cyes bled. "Pleasure, pain, joy, sadnew. They arene believe they've entered, heaven, hell, or some other w:
cofthesamejewel. Creationisn'tall entirely. Ocher Ecxtatics go off alone, wandering deserts or
nacry things. Nocallof them are fun, bue mountains of putting themselves through some ordeal, like
new and becter states." That ephemeral the Siowx sundance ur asiddhu trance, where the spirit leaves
ound, helpsmecoappreciarc things more. When the physical hudy behind. Some just take some drugs and
I'm happy, che realization char the joy won't last helps me channel their concentration toward what they want to expe-

to build a staircase: made

wTcspond co

Since entering this Cul, I've known depressions s0
ld've commitred suicide
d ler me. "Ie's the flips

¢, holding me one night while I<

intense that I seriously w

I Wolf a

ed su

any one thi,

they all pu

nature, I've

aayor it chat such mo ricnce. In any case, the visiomquest leads you to same higher
- insight; itumersed in the World-Pulse, you confront your
Fivatars. Totens snp Daenons inner self From there, ou ate texte. Myo pss, pou advance
toa bigher state of awareness. If not, you stay where you are,
on che razoe's edge. A smart Cultist watches her balan:
the tighttope —sh

Judgment, responsibility and goud friends come ins handy »
sea a atte : ee TY often remembering what yourve just lost.

A visionquest is a trial hy fire. Although I've passed
through one alresdy without knawing ic, the thought af
another one scares the crap out ofme. S
if this new life is worth its cost in fear.

con

wan't ger tency, she doesn't look down.

apemnsibiliry sw natural phenomena:

ometimes f wonder

You may t

¢ long run." Ananda ah oe
nsibility, and they're s fr friends, Once, | asked myself who wore fetish gear. One cold
ys good ta have someone at your back. November night, Wolf shows me.

=a

Second Vexat: Paces in tHE Suone = 2

OO


The night began with sex... almoat. Setting # boril
berween us, Walf sweeps me to a peak, As ] writhe
clenched in white-knuckle anticipation, his lips a
advance up each thigh, slawly —¢ v! Where
incet, he kisses deeply, brings me co a sceching ed
pulls away. "Nor yer," he purrs, nsing. "We have plans

30s

tonight."

hangs, buzzing, tingling, thro!
question hands me a steaming glas:
Despite che snow ouraide,
high-cur skirt, no mo
seem cumbe
this," hem

gives mea black cloak anc

, Trembling, I dress. Even these
me. I protest any Concenmmte on
murs and kisses tn:
The warntth lingers as we
honds through frozen-cry
warchouse. Despite glassy flakes in wind-tossed
hair, misty breath and crisp-crunct
only shivers | feel come from inside.

ith cinnaman lips

ple, blac

w, the

Ourside the club, pumping rhythms c:

Lakashimn." Here," my mentor whispers per
my cloak. "One more touch." Quickly, shurply, w sud:
den neodle lances cold-hand nipples, Pain collides with
pleasure, and both wich ourage. The tremor knock me
dizzy, drag me higher. My lip
teeth. Wolf ignores my soft curs
each nipple and snaps a light chain hetwe:
Kisses me. "Let's go in."

« salty-wer betwee:

+ cy

ne passes rings th

oth. Finally

ne

I'm of age, bueno one asks. Wolf sweeps me into a black
draped parody of hell, littered with mock vampires, drag
queens and shaved-headed coughs. The de
pulse quivers my new rings, my eantnims, my bk
Reyors! the antechamber, a smoke-fillod inferno awaits. If
the souls inside are damned, they dance with joyous pain
Wolf hands his Biker jacket over to a waif with tarmaned
hands. On impulse. ] pass her my cloak as well, baring my
bloodied breasts to strangers. A few look my way, but so one
fusses. Wolf's kiss adds ro my flush. Silently, we enter bell -
onda

After the anticipation, I'm disappointed. Despite a cer
tain decadent glamour, the club and its den
pathetic. Some hustle with bad pick-up lines while other
the white-boy shuifle. A few appear dangerous, but most |
like clowns. | have to shout above the dim: "Ts chis supp
to be ecstasy!"

"No," Wolf replics, "hut it's as close: as must people ee

lectric

my clic

appalled, amused, afraid and hot beyond s

ETS SCOTT

in coronas of pulsating light. Smo!
nowdark, now blasted with co!
Wolf, ] focus on the beat, the breathing, the bloc
in time, Ojas rises, eippling through me in wav:

their passions, hear their inner voices, touch them from #
distance then spin away again. Wolf is radiant. Our auras
expan, filling the space berween us until there is no space
and we wash across cach athee. We dance until our hair hangs
dumply, until breath comes tagged and sweat sheens flesh and
seeking cloch. I'm so wired as we stagger from the dance floar
that sex and collapse both sound heavenly.

Wolf bas other ideas.

A gesture toa hurly dude outsides plain black door opens
that door to us. Inside, a silent crowd watches a candle-lic
stage. Their excitement vibrates into my own. The naked
woman hangs upside-down from ankle-chains, her wrists
tanacled to the floor. Her eyes stare past os, blissful. Another
woman, caped and gloved, rons her whip cenderly across
bruised, slightly bleeding flesh and coos to her lover in wurds
[cannot hear

"1 don't know abour this..."

"Ecstasy comes in all kinds of packages," my mentor
whispers. "I'm not even going to pretend I understand the
appeal of some, but I chought you should at lease see some
different paths."

"Ja this cesta

"Would you like to find our?"

Asthedomina draws back her atm and cracksthe leather
actos her lover's belly, 1 wonder,

y, oF is it pust perverted?"

Kaaannnay
Should ! paint mes face
Should i pierce mx skin
Does this make me a pagan
sue my sins

e sacred mushroom
ded im the water
¢ Gryows
At the naked moon
Robbie Robertson, "Golden Feather"

Ast learn lacer, there are plenty of those "different paths"
to focused eesrasy. Few Culeiats stay on one for long — the
whole poinr of the matter is to break out of routines —
although we all have favorites. In the past, mages cultivared
th uf desire" over all else. These days, we've become
eclectic
me Cultists look to tribal cultures for inspiracion. For
them, tattoving, piercing, ordeals and other rites of passage
focus cheir energies. Pain is imporcanc— through ic, you lec
go! your physical self —and permanent marks preserve the
experience. Techno-ecstacics design advanced gadgess to
atiriulate them in ways simple flesh never could. Some of
these guys turn other people on in magickal chatrooms;
others prefer to experiment with industrial media, meshing

one")

more,

music, video, virtual reality and cybernetics into wild
new art forms. Daredevils prefer now adrenaline over
artificial stimulanos: whether their thrills come from
skybuording, suicide-skitng or shark-surfing, these nucs
love danger with a smile.

Simpler pleasures come from music, dance and drugs;
though the latcer's nat my style, many Ecstatics still follow
the old worship of peyote, drink soma nectar or cat opium
and go dream-chasing. Some focus through sexuality,
especially esoteric Tantrik and Taoist arts, outrageous
sado-masochistic variations, or mass pleasure rites. In the
old countries, holy siddbus and yogis follow the ancient
disciplines, meditating without food or water or sending
themselves intudeath-trances. Dissonants and Discordians
wander through the modern world, using "crazy wiadam"
to disrupt others' thoughts and undermine social orders by
asking all the wrong questions or playing with people's
expectations, Time shamans go even further, summoning
up the actual spirits of the past — reitgeisis — to make
people remember what those days were like, As Wolf
shows me, spitits are everywhere if you know where (and
how) to look for them. Spirits of the dead, spirits of the
earth, even spirits of history itself. Jesus Christ!

We're a weird bunch, we Cultists of Ecstasy; some dedi-
cate themyelves to spreading pleasure across the world while
others hunt pushers and rapists for curning passion inco pain
for profit. Traditionalists swear by primal methods while
iconoclasts and tech-freaks tear everything down and stare
over. We're wise folk, lotus-eaters, hippie weirdo freaks and
modem Bacchantes, but above all, we're independents. Our
shared history and insight as the only real tie between us.

eeeee

"So what'd you think?"

Ir will be hard to give him an answer until lover. The
cipple in my belly and che thunder in my heart undermine any
rational answer. | guess that's che idea. The night seems
unreal, even by my new ecandards. Tomorrow maybe I'll have
the good sense to he appalled, bur now any toach, no marrer
how harsh, seems like a sacrament.

When we dance, I mark Wolf as mine, and he docs the
same. Out fingernalls slide through each others' sweat. Our
tongues taste one anothers' sale. Every couch jacks the sensa-
tions higher, pushes my perceptions furcher. When we leave,
I dangle a new whip, hidden beneath the cloak, against my
belly. When we reach home, the fun begins.

There's blood on the sheets by the time we finish. I've
never heen this way before. [r scares me, more than a little,
but the shactering orgasm rush blows those fears away like
dust bunnies. Wrapped in sweaty-sticky sheets, | see myself
from a distance, rolled in Wolf's arms, features reposed in
candlelight as the Lakashim thunder fades into darkness.

Seconn Verse: Packs in THE Suone = 29


Sex. Drags Nb Rock-N- Rot

The Qult's affinity for this "unholy trinity" leaves mast blockheads cold; outsiders can't see how such
f insight beyond decadence. Ax usual the blockheuils ure wrong. Music, drugs and sexualiry
gable link to che World Pulse People ofall times and culeures crave that contace withour knowing w!

reality and beadfirer into the Lakeabir.
isn't purticulasly safe; many folks get addicted ur burn our after too much stimulation, eypectally sf
| about how they bring it abouc. Most communities, afraid of che untapped power of trance-passions, suppress:
even some types of music, xv Ecstatics risk more than just cher mituls when they indulge: The
t, the more dangerous that experience becomes — which, of course, iz part of Its wppeal.
Most congrex, or sharing rituals, involve sexual, chemical or musical stimulation. Really intense « <4
‘ites fig Dances with the Dragun, we cwo or all cheee kamamarga co bring ahoue trances thatoven the most
Really powerhsl magickal rites {(.e., extended rolls requiring 10 successes or mare} might demand <
this carries many risks (see Appendix}. But, as they say, it's a hell of»

Rd
> the body, rind and spiric in ways ne other ecimulus can mateh. Passion and energy,
Rows and explodes of glimpse of the unknowable, It's a rush, # communion and a social activicy ina
Hindus who influens 7 faditlon, sex is the sacred incerp! hakei and Shakea (female and male po i
sta screation; done properly, it's a form of worship. Done wrong.it caiaah

‘The intimate bond beriggresexual pattners— even yhwilling ones — surnmons
their bodies. Through touch, jas are exchanged. Dung tape, those energies are
of his victim, scarting her in waykno Pi psicabagury can match (an unfoegivable
masturbation or Voyeurism, excites c u \
gs Well. but mosr Ecstatics preter indul Bgstraint. No form ofeSnscnsual sex is censidered
dome sects don't even stop there. Mi are omnisexual; simple orientations heepine }

‘ghough they appear Lar tha out EBestatics preferts have some fer

fy iif they've just met. Anony! pact of ics full potenti
divide sexual uctsgy a8 ON making and i low tex.
ing an Orgy — but they Help discimgtitth whar you're doing) ehy,

gihels it from onc partner tu anoches, iguisness. By
ends, bur

althoughrsese

on between friends,

aking

tons make lov: i veal idemands

is nice but ant

modern miseries ey by drag ahuse gives the Tradition pause. Int
worklwide Awakening by tunyng on the mundanes. The mess thar results
rest best aap,"

inside-cut. Some traditionalists amgbe:

30 Cat of Ecstasy


R i Peaticn consider their di dniga vision-gifts fa the gods. Even more pecan mages Gecaldes
he Se a nasty bite. Rather than snorting a lneevety time he werks magick, a Cultist will perfoem a ritual,
cpl ite of mind where che focies will do the most youd, (In game terms, this takes at least a curn, often longer.)
tatics divide drugs into "running cowan!" and "funning away" subsamces. The former make you more
he latter abut you down. Several drugs lie somewhere in between,
d: Cannabis, hashish, XTC, mushrooms, mescaline and peyote, herbs (belladonna, wolfshane, 12),
i. nepenthe and absinthe. All of these (except XTC) have lang histories as divine voices, vision-bringers:
Says to fhe unconscious. Most Culcists have at least cried them at some paint: i
ing Away: Morphine, crack, beroin, PCP, barbituates, Quaaludes and various downers. These drugs, nearly
oblivion nver transcendence. While some Ecstatics enjoy the sensation, most serious ones
crows than useful. 2
cate tend coca, «mart drugs (piracetamn, DHEA, vincamme, ctc.), venoms (spider, cobra, rattletuke;etc.},

eyntheric hallacimogens). alcohol, tubacco and opium. Although these paychoactiyes hive porential
fr ri those tes are wirehwhile. Some. See ie Ce eee

\ lite ottess tikes
"breket tiotanal highs ¢

ly

pular among many Tec
HE

or among the Traditions.
* Monkey Powder: Refined by Discilydian Cuiletses, this drug scrambles your mind suiBhdly
hed on fox? (usually sour owt), cereps, it raises all difficulties by +2 for
suécceds.

gs, scorpion sens thes of pai

some cerins, inadds +4 ro all difficuletes

e character uct out whatever ifgp!
The divig lasts for stx hours. As!
ffects, and noching can stop the oe
ace and Witch's Powder: Tyo snite Srogs, the first an berks
inc the Penumbra (like Spirit Sight}. Even Sle
nay bliss our ur freak nut. Obost dance is ¢ tt
ck magic ns and Nephanii. Spirit-visi

cures, only a Wi ‘Tipe

F25601): The ultig
1, she'll remain
més. Roleplaying, a
yertil the drug
amaye keer:

The sefest kancomnargs, fw bur potent, aed sha:
of mimic have magickal parenctadpnock mine {inchiding warkitk
most prittitive drumming
Rurtinn aside, Cultises did nor begin rock-n-roll. [fevolved our of «
nioeloeilic, however, Ecstaticsjoined the fun. A good manyet chem Awakened
Pure rock rriuysic is the sing ange, the soundtrack ofrebellion, which expla!
Jane '60s and punkjrap revoolucion of the ‘70s and ‘80s in purticular. The best artists
sell records or get laid but because ches ave no choice bur ta scream. Rock és that scream set co music. <

The secret behind potent music is passion. When thé artist has something Keay, the thiimic itself carries the power, If
muticuins are just performing, their music beooies crisplysterile. The truism stoall variations of —-9 punk seme can
be banal, while « quiet ballad can call up de Seppent Read: Alchough many Qillra ven
out sonic territory with new rechnolwy. Asalwapy pasiicn is che key,


Orners Lire Us

ts people is that they don'r have
the fucking nevus or bnepmation to sarin their = When we meet, we try coc
own mow, let alone direct it as quickly as possible. Ne < wi sever key

might see each other again. Or wh

when yc
need to.

om Robbins, Srili Life with W.

lf, Wolf says, bs
difference Mare
few mexlern Divyas — visit, she won!
hell. And [ may ns

As Wolfand 1 grow
but unsistakably: As Spei
rely, [ quickly she grows pe:

te'sa sisters. I'd newer seen it

blem with the Ci

ne wants to fly —

never recurns my |

answer. Christ. A 10-year friendship shet s

t find our why

directions Asile fn
ICECHE US, NO one civ
great, but kind of

who

determines policy. |

Freefall all over again. No Mommy or Da

J co have friends. ¢ aftemne
find thar a Cultist makes friends eaa:ly. Th
und people who take their
lives into their own hands. Irfrightens outsid-

people,
nded ones

Ic's always

certain... mums... am

coming wid ¢
hed Wolf ts pli

huge gathering

ers, bue it at

capecially like
Wherever [ go, strangers intr
Juce themselves or ekitrer off

ct when we
hadn't

inty comers before Leven say
my name. Maybe it's arro-

gant of me, butas [ ger used
to the effect, | realize thar
most of these who run aren't
people I'd want co know any-
wn

enthus

She smiled, f

won't need pane!

1

Bonps I knew then that she wasn't s
OND ied, but hid my
As I soon learn, meeting a per-

sun goes a lot deeper than simply
exchanging wot Every contact 5
ever hire, especially the close ones, liter:
lly becomes part of you on a metaphysical
level. Cl als, like good frierulshipy, set
up a link which remains as long as you both

around, Ic

Sects

ou

Notall Cultists are lon
to pursue an orga
them sects. Though
secretive, plenty of sectx predate Sk

we bis

stay friends. This, I've found, has a bat to der Some, like the / tis, ¢ crouble for more
with the Cult's fondness tor sex — it's not just ful... mages. Others bond with the shudow-dtolk
@ communion, it's communication. Yéher really arcane pleasures

there's trouble. you can always try co call upon that bond. If More often than not, ['m told vou c rai
yon know the night magicks, that friend will hear you Sracihice pth ead toben: Kits Heater: an
More often than not, a Cubist prizes his friends — noe distinccion (usually permanes rapawe

reservation. The link tugs moxdificarion), « loyalty oath, and common purp

tics, like Ale

just ouc of love, but out ©:

hoth ways. Really charisen

ole

Ic's generally hard to tell mages trom mundat
tol

rowley, fellow
might treat people like shit and make chem levs him for it, secr: the "
burinnst of usaren'ts lucky. A lewer verionedthediksham — jing Ecstatics, and don'c show off as often. Scces are
bond applies te one's friends or companions:

more, um... subtle... chan wandet

mon in the old countries — India, Central America,

than they are in the more individualistic
Ac lease, che o an tell! They donc und
pain is pleasure. to put up billboards to announce ¢

e'thurt you, and you ptomise nor toharmnt

some mages fgnore thuse kind of niceties. To # vious ones are. Who

cit p

Catt co Ecstisy

\, like old friends:
greetings, pe}

Jstunos. rHe DREsLINE RD PONtseMENTS

Fouiuie:

Liberty ns responsiinlity, chat (3 why must men dread it.
— Beetgatd Shaw, Man and Superman
raeconcel ved of his Tradition, the Seer envisioned a [nose felluwship of enlightened folk, joined by insight,
shit uw +The reality has become slightly mare pragavitic over the centuries, but the Cult remains an individualistic
fot, wi al structure, planning or comsensis: Byen so, cher remain unified in the face of trouble. Word hasa waygae
of gern =

(le anywhere for long; notoriously restlessnes, they crave constant stimulation. Any partner they chose

ished bede wizards or cvon full-fledged mages. Quite m few Ecscatics sumply love in passing, b
their es sain behind and making new dnes along the way. Such ephemeral ways are heir romantic allure
Cultists often meet ‘anche toad, and usually recognize cach other by their auras' distinct glow (see Appendit): RES! MF
good festivals; utests provide common ground, to ws by Crash Worship, Rusted Roon, the Indigo Girls
atid until rece Bead are certain to bring the local Ecscatics our af rhe woodwurk. Strangers greeteach other
‘@ hug or a bed within moments of introduction. More traditional gecrs prefer eluburate
tle phrases or intricace formalities. Onc feature char enmfiands ache itions is the almest
the usual daggers are left outside, ut lease for a while, when Culeige meet.
dle thicac, warrants jambo, a "hello" where Cultises and apacions gather. "Th.

1. Children, Awakened ot not, are raised on the go. Mast of these folks ure skilled in cheir ownenightt, -

:

ecision fart Gres Outsiders conrinuc co he impressed if the Cult's cor

Brinw Ecscatics from all over the worlil 10 plices no one else hageeee a

DF a mountain retreat in Nepal There always
bo go aut, and everyune'g up on on the lates gossip, What gives? RY ie
Tivo things; the first is simply 0 really is cfooc system. A Culrist telly two iad they cell
on... The more arcane and ufgeés! oftommunication tbe dreamtigsigeatverni tha upe
with cach other. These ritual exch: waxsk/an conpathic herill that pr tween mages if the?

Shat, this sets up an implied "cont aes — can ence f thecessary Gee:

chart in Mage). By sending forch

them together in less perceived ren sini
bout her Triutition will ‘bali. a : :
7 dekard decide Gmportantiesney, Rank is selden 5 i u icles gexisee. Initianes
. NT survive his
f
ts : i
vidal ts she must be he} heractions. Few Culci : Eleeper
a: seriously. Mo pou've heen wronged, > take
° eS fe.almose a mat ie your own diepute Cc ‘ or
a 4 goverahelmed c
abatane. rol i describes 4 toesiate with a Will;
toollt runt Tigy.turns until someone Joes. Rvery time Arete
Willpower, the Jefe; eke 3 ¥ ciLaomeone gives up ot falls senseless
ere Willpower}. * my + ‘
Sitse excelled ac the paipigiment wheel: Kasteally, the Saas Mind UTimne 3.

bethietmviotator and viccim. Theésstirse the crime, thelonges the
they Gaus, few want to "ride che wheel" more chan once.

As che Code of Ananda implies, Cult justice usdally Involves banishinsent
by rape or violence — actually huntvlolatoes down. In extreme cases, a jury of B
are often hateh:exile. branding, myrtick castration (which uses Mund 4/Life 3,
or death.

ws
bye]

~
oe
——— ie


SECTS

@ Hundreds of ecstatic cules, sects and religions exist
sates thea¥orld. Many simply consisr of Sleepers

ingfor some contact with the Divine Puls; they may
an deearasy mage or two for a while. buc opesate mainly
thirgizh mageal means. The sects below, however, have old
tigeto the!@olc of Ecstasy and involve dozens of mages in
attive roles

© Unlike@pmmon Ecstutics, these sec
lat inixiations) apprenticeships and goals. A
have Secret Code Languages (see "New Abiliti
Book of Shadows), and many members acquire odd Merits
anid FlowgiSleepers wwingle freely with mages in almest all of
these groupe, choughithey may never artain che enligh
ment of Awakened mearber.

Fiereesects knit
all Lim f moraliry

ervat
of Ananda as weakness. Ol
over leadership of the Cult, « mage
a war with che other cight Trathigg
seer exists in small, isolared by
chem barabbi and avoid or even'
The Indian Aghoris go ba:
means "unterrified" in Sanske!
Spear the Bengali boarder, In their
hetGime a god rhrough constant dest 1

rug is their intention, During
fithtiation, new Caltists brag their own
#enitals and share blood with their web
tal), The Hestilic Umbroutl{ see The
Book of Madness) cake Achame off to
their Realms for funtime; thelr pleasures

would sicken de Sade- New York, L-A., Berlin and
London have several small clubs where Acharme webs

scorpion

gather. No outsider is safe in chem.

34 Cutt o& Ecstaay

fore Odin, Freyja and Loki are their patrons,

thotgh some claim to worship Satan instead. Violently

anti-Christian, che amall-hut-prowing sect wants to wipe
reed of weakness" from theirhome, While most of the

Hagalaz' un-Awakened followets are blick-metial lasers, theit =

Awakened leaders are accomplished Norse sorcerers: Inige

id. Certain mages believe that some Verl»

ti this mysterious sect, but few outsiders know for

Bonao's Raycers

A Discordian sect devoted to consciousntss-untaveling
the Rangers use high:tech: magi¢kestiswarn all forms of
stimulation into overload. lbs SCTE

nae anes in Seis te ie hic
arcanc gibberish even most 4 e
When Blockheads and Gry kat

hall the waters be wi
Ring praise" as compen

‘tack}, they're accepted. The Séci

only 4!

bing Times, this sect strug
change for all the p

Noir the Accordance
aming), and remain in mary nobles‘

i Fellaws of Pan are welcome ar
‘ide yreseventl changelinys as pacrons.
fil actist§samtisicians orcraframen, and hays

Sthlly ane cian moist

ad Sx ntersperiellt
! {talencis essential, and oncor two
Mer cits help. Most Fellows have high Ally
Background tating:, the Faerie Affinity Meric, or bot


«

7

ae
ISSONENCE SOCIETY

Anather group of Discordians, chis one dedicared=

overthrow. Unlike the Rangers, Dissonancers

|, practical and cloquenc. By dissemi-

tTadical ideas, financial incentivesand liberal amounts
ip cOngrex and spirit magick, these Cultises

to open their minds to anarchy and self-
wernmentsafe seen as evil, but pute selfishness

. Ta the Society, hape for the

mutual respect, responsibility and the over-

of | tyranny. Primal nature is often seen as Divine.
Although some ts can be violent, most prefer
aisicka} at random deseruction. "If we hurt

; notes, "we're no beteer than che

ire Comes

cks over

¥ Is quite criminal, Iniriation in-
establishment figure or functivn
Exposing political corruption,
ample paradox has undermined
At people Wan'yteeme to mike

pflaw, and what todo about it,

— driving pe a
inciting riots, etc.

the Dissonancers' effe
control of their own lives.
are constant sources of debat

Rutysty PLaGeLiants

The Ru: Chri
these monks believe that in order to be

mietimes

tatic vision.
ch as a good way to have

fates Native American thea

powerful music into a gestal fechae could shake the roots of the

@

moder world. In time, chéy ‘hope co bring it down and
replace it with a cleaner, spirit-oriented culture.
Los Sabius Locos, the peyote-Cultists uf the 1800s, laid
the framework for this sect duting the 1940s, During the ‘60s,
it came int full bloom. Jiny Moreision himself may haye
been inspired by one of cheir ceachers, Red Cloud Thun-
der. As one might expect, these Eestaricd have friends
among the shapeshifters, especi . Wereravens

360s Cont op Ficataay.

a, hippic anaschiam Be

{Corax) and werecoyote (Nuwisha). Although:

ts potent, the group itself is fairly disorganised,
throughout neatly a dozen primal-beat bands. Ics
havea had tendency oo let drugs, money and spiricud
ences come between them, and the Technocracy hin
advanrage of his by sending Syndicate agents co temps
with cash, coke and MTV exposure. Por now, the:
the Fifth World remains untapped.

Although the Tribe requires no formal ini
members go off on frequent visionquests across
deserts and beaches. Natural purity is 2 w
Worldersare vegans who shun anything acti
course, incheirinstrumenss). Although new
know how to sing: or play, ve Tribe cethcenrear

are a must.

Kran La

A Chinese Taoist sect, these Ecstatics combi
ans, meditadions and sexual cangrex in ordes

é

tanis lived; Marianna
ecoaticit (Khan Si,
theat™...the most
ers | know,"
wer the K'an Lu, ane
lown of the hite
,moved their cenples ito.

¢ after the

ult. The

dens and

(murtal
smyandsecrct sry
Yegebarians, they

‘ahows the dceasional taste:sf meat: To join

These five sects have certain sumilanicites all adenit only

women, babel capone sexualitye oer,
The "


The Erzuli

of Cr
mon, with at t

© The

ShennOnieT:
EP worndty, tity. ot wt
fant Pret

tenet!
enh

hous oh Fern

ia oe tak

secret Swe: thee Piseansse shicka Wee partgetlpss.

t home age) ass, thi ce frets mental

prevenc
site

ck Fury wetewolt

gh pls

Piiees 1 THis Sox

Saeko VERE


they're 4 fierce and bloody loc. A rev these
fhodern-day Bacchantes inevitably ends with spilled

Rage and hidden b

Give modern-day crip y and morality, the
sromll Maenad sub-sects are more discreet than their
fne@Bean; members often work in rape crisis center
hultses, daygare schools and government agencies 16 between
paévels. Every full moon, however. che sisters mect in some
seetoded ple
Dionysus, ithis androgynous aspect, is invoked and
Sees them free, Whatever insults they've seen or
come to che surface to be purged. As the « oe pr
the party ets wilder: Anyone unforruna
stumble pon the mecting is torn apart by a frenz maied

net

%, drink, dance and scream dein the moon

it

Many use archaic
called for. Some heart

Black Furies, Despite tl

em with vulgar Eff
ake

tll slicers "sware"

morning, the Maerads
femain in contact between full
cine talents often allow the:

andiseretions

ado, with other Egat
en met iMey
lite, Prime, Mish

B Wody co malt bke
dad ic.

sutvives. There, it's said, cheysaise cheir children 0 spread
Tentrik teaching throughout India. The boys are forceil to
leave'avhen they reach pubetry, after the elder Vratvas ini
ciate them into sexuality. From there, it's thought, m
ing siddhu begin cheigtlifelong quests

eeeee

3 Cuur of Ecstasy


DEPARTURE

tl loved

L run befor

+. Fu

Just @ note on thi

hell wich

gut, I'LL coss some shi

peritad! dec

a} just as soft sweet

in, Poerry & Mysticism

tf until I saw him in

undidn't help
s apologics,
did't patch the rips
es me back
¢ table: "Cassie —
r them both. After
a backpack and

hop a plane. | can get cash withour selling anything
Betore leaving, I punch the CD player to "Random."
Music helpe me think. Janis, the Voice of Truth, cries
also, 26 years gone."PleceafMy Heart,"
my frustration with her as I danced. Wherever you are,

eed. [screamed

Janis, bless you. My eyes go raw and wet. When | finists, all |
see is mist, green mountains, and desert flat as the taste of old
beer. I'm going lots of places, I sce. Good. | need the space.

My belly drops wich che fecling of flight. Before | leave,
ne. Jesus. So this is freefall. Real freetall. Where
‘od, | hope I know

I'matready g
there's no one to catch you but yourself.
whar I'm doing.

Secon Verse: Paces W THE S¥ORE 39



Tuirp VERSE:
FIREDAINCE

The only real blasphemy is the refusal of joy
— Paul Rudnick, Jeffrey

I dream of orers on my quest. Orrers with
Ad Aria's brightwater eyes
wy :

a Colorado,
lifornia, Arizona and finally to Black Rock
ya, atv ocean turned to shuse. I've kept ray
isc to mect che others here, and'velearned

besides.

The journey takes me west,

It's easy — too easy — to think you understand a ching
by gazing at a pattern and performing rituals in a candle-lit
room. To truly understand the Divine Pulse, though, | hal to
walk an endless road, Nor with magick, but wich humanity.
By the rime | reach Nevada for the festival, P've seen the
Lakashim reflecced in a thousand faces, voices, names. I've
left a bit of myself in each petsan I've met. And they've left
themselves in me

SLEEPERS. BLOCKHEADS SND SHADOW FOLK

four enemy is never a villain in hisoun eyes. Keep
this in mind; i may offer a way to mctke him your
friend. [fnot, youcan kill him without hate — and
quickly... A brute kills for pleasure. A fool kills
from hate

Robere A. Heinlein, Time Enough for

She calls hesself"Raven." More butch than
Stallone, but good with a knife. During our

ves designs carved in my skin. The pan

+ dulls my loneliness

On the beach one night, | share a fire with some teenag-
ers smoking bad dope and drinking cheap beer. Three seem
all right, bur cheir "leader," a feral-looking dude called Max,
sends all my danger signs intu the red. They offered me some
por, but] declined and quickly made excuses to leave. | hope
no one ever accepts their offer.

Outside Reno, two men almost ran me down. As the
engine gunned suddenly behind me. their malevol, hit
me like the cur itself. | dodged to the side, rolled and hid
in ash while they stopped. searched, cursed and left.
Lucky. Mayke there's something to the guandian angel

Tuixo Verse: Fireoasce 41


thing. If Aria or Wolf was around, I never »
Then again, perhaps it
Inabarin Bo

jy skin crinkles like burnt paper as
er, stiles, chen inoves on, Whatever he
ve this feeling
oenix, I mect Linda. One too mai
Ihave wrecked her. I didn'e ae:

with thisspo

me &
think
In Pt

wrong k

ers of the
itake hes ir

my care, but by the time we leave, re companicns. In

ne Laat cime

I set her free. We hoth cried, but

¢ was laughing, rolling in mud with a

Hy hoy from the Bronx. Funi remember

this. It hasn‘c

rained since we've arrived.

Raven taught me the firedance-In Nevaila, [put
3.1
light the batons. Flames flare in darkness, total desert
darkness lit only by ficful campfires and che inf
my bends. The night is a cool, dry breeze. Lowking

the lessons to work. Before a crowd of curic

beyond the crowd, | begin

SLEEPERS

THe

mn, know, but when a giri thinks 2b:

slap om her face means he loves her, youhave tn start somewhere
Tin

We'
sacred thing, a live design of v
Awakened, ¢
tundane world, potential stirs, sluggish bur no Ie:
Woll's memory stys, "is just a sha
n the knowledge. Those who don't should be awak

ir face. They'll

schy Tuner

re not alone. Never. The Lakashim thoabs within each

sat complexity. 1 may call myself

y, hut no one tra

eqs. Somewhere underneath the

xistence

eal hallucination; few people

era

* He smiles, then: "Just dan'r throw water in th

He
coud in Cuttersville, a woman scream
nen I've loved and men I'd hav
and women in between. Lf you meet the Cultist on the eoa
him, please. L Iks have already cried

not kidding. In San Francisco, ] was nearly arr longa

chs

snl shot at ine

l'yemet and Jots of mer

uy'c kill

Wenever give up, though, Sleeping folks ure flames to vur kindl,
y would dance If they only heard the shythm. And. as Jim
aid, we do have the numbers tu sturcv hell of a parry. Some

201s or campany: and still

Morriso
Bestutics consider mundanes coy; others, t
others, victims. Me, ['d preter to see them

which sew is true. Pd say all of the abe

arts of myself, Don'rask

Buocnesps

pressive fonce vuat's try

e! And that we must resist and figre

thae's ar Whatever ue

crush the indictdual expre

m of life in peopile — chat és evil
— Fakir Musafar, Modem Priminves
nd fear. My whole Awakening has heen a langfight

id terror. Some people never escape cheir fear. fe drives

lunde:

o tranace

them, consumes them. In the process, it consumes others, als:

The witch-hunts didn't end when the fires died down. If any-

42 Cart op Ecstasy

thing, chey've begun again, bathed in a warm TV glow and
scrutinized for our protection.

Do you wonder at the powers behind the demagogues!1
don't anymure. Did you ever ask yourself why otherwise <ine
humun beings could be 40 afraid of change chat they'd plaster
their bumpers with "Rush is Right" and "Don't Blame Me..."?

Believe me, there are reasons.

at ind
hloud spilled) ile
* Satyrs

Tre SHavow- Foun

There wats no doube left in my mind that these people were
carrying out some sort of test that Don Juan had set up for me, By
confronting Jum J was being hurled wuo @ realm which wes
impossible to reach or accept in rational terns. He had said... that
my vatiomality comprised only 2 very small part of what he called
the wntality of oneself. Under the impact of the unfamiliar and the
altogether real danger... my body had to make use of its hidden
Yesources, or die.

Carlos Castaneda, The Second Ring of Power

Blockheads don't get it and never will. In their
perfect little worlds, there's nn room forcatascrophes,
no need for fear. If they had to, they would dig the
thousand names of chacs fran the sand and burn them all
alive, Somedo. Those men in Reno, for example. Now chat
I've stepped ourside che lines, mine is onc of thase thousand
names. To blockheads, I'm a threat worth killing for. To me,
they're sad, pathetic. Buca laser with achain-gun scill has a
chain-gun, so it's best. to skirt his borders and leave when he

The shadows are alive. I've seen them watching me from
barstools and spiderwebs. Some are myscicks like myself,
while others are unknowable, alien, Even in my rush for
discovery, ['mnot in a hurry to learn them all by name. The
man in Boulder chases my dreams, | only pray he never
catches me in che open. Someday, perhaps, we'll dance,
but not now, I'm fir from ready.

Among the wizards, Wolf cells me, we have few
friends. The Dreamspeakers and Verbena still remember

Twiro Vexse: Pixepance = 43


our Divyas, if not our concribution to their Council
The others, Pm told, wash their bands of our fouls'
wisdom. More the fools, they, Some hacker-mages may
take time-outs in techno-ecataties' chatrooms, but I'm
leery of those types of friends. Best to walk wich my own
kind, with Sleepers, or alone.

Outside the lines of ecstasy, hungrier shadows wait.
Some are demented, or have black-hole hearts. As I heft the
flame batons, | chase the darkness from my sight. Within my
reach, a firestorm whirls, close enough co singe but not to
burn. I'm careful, you know, and well-trained. This flredance
won't consume me. Not now. Not ever.

SINaNDs

All the fear has left me now

I'm not frightened anymore

Ie's my heart that pounds beneath my flesh
Ic's my mouth which pushes out this breath
And if I shed a wear 1 won't cage it

I won't fear love

And if I feel a rage I won's deny it

T won't fear love

— Sarah McLachlan, "Fumbling Towards Ecstasy"

I stand out in the morning now, my hair ruffled softly by
desert winds. Blue-gray skies vaulr above me, the night
retreating slowly from an unseen sun. Beneath my feet, the
playa dust drifts, grain hy grain, ciekling my ankles, powder-
ing my soles. Far from me, yet close enough, I feel, co touch,
thunderclouds flash silently across distant. mountaintops.
ore ay the pliah, there is no sound, only bole: of silent fury.
re long, the sun will blaze across the desert and the
fescival will begin again. For now, I wish co dance alone and
greet the morning my own way.

Above me stands a modern wicker man,
stretched before the morning. | mimic him, dropping my
blanket, baring my bady co the morning cold. Nipples snap
erect, buir bristles, skin prickles as the breeze plays across me.

arms out-

I stretch the sleep from aching muscles. In my throat,
sounds form. Words I cannot speak because no one has
invented language for what | feel. A sung. An Aria. Now |
understand.

Somewhere across the flat expanse, a lone drummer
greets the moming. | shift my weight from side to side,
catching che faraway bear and cranslating chem no move-
ment, They match my heartbeat. The Divine Pulse. Maybe [
only imagine this, but perhaps he feels it roo. Surely I'm nor
the only one Awake here.

I lee my song become my movements, ler them bleed
together in breath, in heartbear. My throat rasps; there's too
lithe water here, and | have gone without too long. | run
my tongue from side to side and caress each tooth in an.
1 swallow and milligrams of miracles caress my dusty
throat.

44 Cart or Ecstaay

iY
iy

Yj

Le

1 fill my lungs with cold dry air and taixe my yoice with
passinn praise. Behind closed eyelids, my sight races, pulsates
¥ stomach to my feet to my fingers and away, co
cntbrace the spirits of this barren: waste and the visitors who
sleep, To me, the chumpitg bass of a miles-distant rave ts
he tender skin of sleepers relaxcs ar my touch.
The lightning-crsckle miles from me sets my hairon end and
lover with roving hands. [ sense, though I
cannot see, the Like this was a million years ago; the passage
of ghost-fish ind a

from

close at bar

e cool wind is

f currents cause my lungs to hitch for
just a moment, as | if] were submerged Then all | feel is dust
th my feet; it sadde:

be

Ther it passes and | feel the par of furure raindrops
dusty skin. It will rain today and [revel in it now aT
will six hours J

ones [had before visit me as [dance below the wicker
man. | send myself to visic them, so those I haven't
metwill know meand the ones] have met will remember
From my belly, just above my grain, [ grow warm and wet
The tingle spreads co chav away the cold across my skin,
pulses outward and joins the morning's heartbeat, The desert's
heartbeat. Even here, it never stills

Onc final note. [ pitch it high and long, follow its waves
as it echoes across the desert, then fall back into myself and
shiver as the wind cools my sudden sweat

One final gift; | send a ghost of my sensations to che
lonely deurnmer ac his fire. Perhaps I'll meet him later, maybe
not. For now, he'll know someone loves him.

For now, at least, I've left the fear behind. It's wonderful
co be alive.

Turd Verse: Pirepanee 45



FourTH

_. ROM THE SINCIENT
QALLERY

VERSE:

Death makes angels of us all
& gives us wings
where we had shoulders
smooth as raven's
claws
— Jim Morrison, "American Night"

Some died in ecstasy

Some died in poverty,

But they all die

With thelr boots on

At the shouting end of life

— Oysterband, "The Shouting End of Life"

Story's over. Let's talk game systems.

Ecstatics are daredevils, shamans, ren-

egades, hippies, and seekers of joy in a cold,

impersonal world. They could be you, if you wete one of them.

It's not appearance that makes an Ecieatic mage — it's a

willingness to step however far out it cakes 00 realize that,

buried under all the garbage, some Divinity exists. The

journey they undertake to find it may be creacherous, but to

them, the danger makes the prize all the more worthwhile.
Moat Eestatics are their own foci, and they learn by

Intuition. The drugs and instruments they use to propel

Fourmi Vera

themselves into an alcered state are only tools, upaya, the
"skillful means" to an end. Ie is the mind and the spiric thar
provide their Ares. Don't he fooled by che Hallmark brigade;
primal magick is nasty stuff — painful, frightening and very,
very potent. As this chapter illustraces, many Qultists burn
out at an carly age. Theirimpressive legacies, however, make
the sacrifice seem worthwhile. Kor a short, glorious time,
these mages sce the world from perspectives most of their
cousins could never imagine.

{Ic bears repeating once again that thisisnoran endorse-
ment for real-life danger-play. If pou can' tell @ game from
tealicy, close this damned book and go back to killing orca!)

The following templates may be used by players or
Storytellers. The histories in the later parr of this chapter
show the wild lives — and sudden deaths — thar make
Cultists so nocorious among their kind

row sve Siscueyt Gnuvery = 47


Dresw Dancer

Floating on waves of music and light Thedreamdance. Astral travel. Flesh had always constrained yous
The charivt of the Dacron of the World now you could escape inno your dreams. Once you discover how
Descends in silent power. to do that trick again, all sensations will be yours,

It's shape reposed within; slight as some cloud ? easel Als et ant astonishing
atch: ringe of da Ce. lancer, your talents go bey
sn eas pace lls serif < " carousing, and of course, magick. You're a
sebgpoleae kernel? young surviver who's just discovered {
— Percy Shelley, The Daemon

her Holy Grail — a wild Mind talent
This lets you go further into your
} dreams (and others') than youever
: \ did before. This magick thing is
a blast. Be careful it doesn't
take you with it
Roleplaying Tips: Bc-
neath yourindulgences, you're
an adrenaline junkie. Speak
quickly, gesture with wild
grace, and stay in motion.
Sensations intoxicate you;
<ontrol is a recent thing,
sv still go uverboand when the
opportunity ariecs. Death, when
the subject cone

of the World

Quote: If you have only one
day on Earth, you'd better make
that day worthwhile.

Prelude: Since child-
hood, you've loved music.
As soon as possible, you
moved to it. Something
powerful waited heneath
the beat, anelementthat [{
whispered to you {
through half-heard
nunesand vividdreams. As
you grew, you reached for it.
Dance classes. Singing lessons.
Sports. Then darker things. Nothing
quite worked.

From Athletic Tomboy, you
graduated to Wild Child. Sex was
anadyenture, anddrugsa free ride.
Running away from home was a
rush; even hunger didn't dull
the edge. Dreams fit you better
than reality did. You were
heling fora serious fall
when your mentor
picked you up. He
played, you danced —
greac combination.
Then he taughr you
how co reach the
thythm that seemed
forever out of reach.
He taught you yoga,
Tantra, the real dance
oftheseven weils. Bet-
cer, he caught you
discipline. That lesson,
helped you survive your
adolescence.

. terrifies

Magicks Aslexpor
waking, yourMind Ars
are formidable. With
them, youcan influence
another's thoughts,

nods or dreams. Other
urn life's inner
sity up loud, Cool! Music.
movernent and Tantrik sex
rites are your main foci, although
‘eras suite and even deuge will de
ina pinch.

Finally, It happened. En- \ Equipment: Anything that
ergy surged through your chakras one night \. won't weigh you down.
and burst out ina furious wave that literally carried pou X

from your body. There you found the end of your quest.

Sim

4 Cunt of Ecatasy

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical

Backgrounds
Arcane ___.@0000
Avatar #@@000
Orcam @ee00
Mentor @@000
00000

Other Traits

Dancing SO8e
Sinaing 88000

©0000
— 00000
00000

MAGE: The Ascension"
Nature: Gon Vivane

Essence: Questing
Demeanor: ‘Rebel

Social

Arete

@eeoo00000 0 Bruised

Willpower
eeeeeoond
oo0ooo0o000

Quintessence
oP B78
fe)
[a
0
o
Lg ne 3?
Paradox

oF

Qo
oo

Concept: "Oream "Oancer
Mentor:
Cabal:

Mental

Strength @@000 = Charisma @@000 Perception. @6000
Dexterity__Grace @@8@@O0 Manipulation. @80@00 Intelligence. #0000
Stamina_‘irefess @@@@O Appearance. @ee00) (Wit 60800
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @8000 Do OCOOO Computer 00000
Athletics Leaps @@0@@0 Drive __ 00000 Cosmology. @@000
Awareness OO000  Etiquerre SC OOOOO Culture. 00000
Brawl 68600 Firearms OO00CO0 _ Enigmas. 00000
Dodge OOBOO Leadership. 00000 Investigation 00000
Expression @0000 Meditation. S6000 Law. 00000
Instruction, OO000 Melee. ____ @0000 Linguistics. C0000
Intuition. = == OOOOO Research SCC OO000 SC Lore, 00000
Intimidation = =~ OOOOO = Stealth OO0000 Medicine. OO0C0O0
Streetwise @0000 = Survival _(irhan) @@OO0O Occult @6e00
Subterfuge 00000 Technology. OOOO0O0 — Science 00000
Correspondence #0000 _Life_ @0000 Prime ©0000
Entropy 00000 Mind S0600 = Spirit. 00000
Forces OCCOO Matter 00000 | Time 60000

S555 EEE yy ——————>————————___—==

Health
oo

Injured -1O

Mauled -2- 7

Incapacitated oO

Experience


Tecuno- Ecstatic

You've got to stop thinking about time and space as if they were inviolable. They
are not inviolable! They do not exist in themselves! They are postulates of the
conscious mind!

— Paddy Chayefsky, Altered States

Quote: There are no limits ta experience. There's nothing new out there
inthe woods, though. The future is in technalagy. Here, slip these on. I'll show
you things you've never even dreamed of.

Prelude: A restless, intelligent and unsociable child, you
were drawn co the wonders inside an Erector set. The things you
did with it made your fatks both proud and nervous. Chemisery
sets, broken appliances, spare parts ftom Radio Shack — these
were your favorite toys. Instruction didn't matter; the things
inside your head looked so much berter.

Although you'd never been popular in school, the sudden

technology explosion brought others running to you. By high
school graduation, you'd had your first taste of sex — and were
bored. Once again, the sensations you imagined were so much
mote potent then the pitiful scrapings of mere flesh. Sex chatlines
left you cold, too. Who wanted ta download nudie pix and innuendo
when Hustler could be found in your father's hathroom? Then one day,
you found the Real Deal,
It seemed innocuous enough: alt.xtasy.snsatn.@spdm.com. Bring-
ing the newsgroup up was a bitch; the effort made you sweat — not
figuratively, but for real. The harder the puzzle became, the more
decermined your efforts. By the time you'd logged on, the room was
spinning and hollow, as if pou'd gone a whole day without food or
water, The clock on your screen said you had. Impossible! This
newsgroup had better be worth it, you growled as the greeting spread
across the screen.

Tc was.

Now you have plenty of friends. Some of them you've actually met in
the flesh, but most were imprinted on your brain in the most dazzling VR sctup
in the goddamned world. These days, you get out more often. Your talent for
invention has made you very popular, and brings in some amazing offers.
Who needs college with teachers like this?

Concept: A newly-Awakened technological genius, you strive to
Create things no one else has invented yer. Your mundane skills were
formidable enough; with magick, anything you want will be withia
teach in a few short years. In the meantime, you're having a ball
Roleplaying Tips: You're still a kid, but a brilliant one who's juse
realized that a world beyond imagining exists in her back yard. Try hanl
mw be cool. Oh, yeah, and be mysterious. Very, very mysterious. If your new
friends chought that just anyone could do this stuff, they'd leave you ina heap.
Talk way above their heads to keep "em guessing.

Magick: Although you're concentrating on sensory input right now,
Matter and Forces will be your future speciultics. Although you prefer
high-tech foc! tw the old-fashioned ones, body modification, smart drugs
and industrial music seem fun. Why limit yourself?

Equipment: Clusters of gadgets, decks, year, discs, black clothing,
mnicro-tools, sensory-enhancement mods, smart drugs, Glock 9mm pistol

50 Catt oF Ecstasy

¥

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Nature: ‘Visionary Concept: Techno-EFestatic
Player: Essence: ‘Fattern Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Rebel Cabal:
SUL
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000 Charisma ___ @8000 Perception e000
Dexterity @6000 = Manipulation Crafiy @@@BO Intelligence Britlionr @SBCO

Stamina BO800 = Appesrance__ OBO0O Wits @0600

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@000 Do OCOCO = Computer Tujsred Lyi @OOBO

Athletic OO000O0 Drive @0000 = Cosmology. 00000
Awareness. @@000 — Eriquette. 00000 Culture__ 00000
Brawl __00000 Firearms @@000 = Enigmas__ O0000
Dodge___ ___ 00000 Leadership. OOOCOO _ Investigation 00000
Expression ___ @0000 = Maditation. 00000 Law = 00000
Tnstraction__ O0O00CO Melee 00000 Linguistics O0000
Innnition r OOOOO — Research 00000  Lore___ oo0000
Intimidation__ 0000 — Stealth OOO0O Mailicine__ C0000
Streetwise __ @86000 = Survival 00000 Occult. ___00000
Subterfuge BOO. Technology___  @@@OO- Science OOOO
Correspondence__ @OOOO Life 00000 Prime __ 80000
Entropy____ SC OOOOOCs Mind @0000 - Spirir 00000
Forces__ @0000 Matter @0000 Time. @0000
SSS I ————
Backgrounds Arete Health
Allies __ 80800 @B00D0VDDOOO0OND Bruised oo
Avatar @6000 _
Resources @@@OO Willpower Injured 1 0
Q0000 8808800000 ie
00000 obooo0o0o0o008 Mauled Oo
Quintessence
Other Traits Kom 9, Incapacitated Oo
Fleetronies @ee00 "dl G Experience
Mach @8000 ee oe
Quantion Physics @BOOO Sone
00000 Paradox


PRINCE OF PAIN

é How do we measure being alive?... Fight, flight
and ecstasy ave Uie three things, Those ave all combined
in piercings and tattoos and the marking of your passage
through life and the idea of it being a visual, permanent;
Ubrary of experiences that cannot be taken from you fj
except by death. i
| — Genesis P-Orridge

Quote: How can you say this is sickif youhaven' ||

riod it? {

Prelude: Ina past life, you know you belonged I
toa tribe. Their rites of passage were painful, bur

they taught you how to leave yourself behind.

Those memories have haunted you into this incar-
nation, where no such rites exist. You remembered

y them so well, you made up your own.

{ It began with small piercings and home-made
tattoos, then furtive experiments with constric-
tion. While imitating the O-Kee-Pa in your garage,
you nearly died. As your limbs wenr numb and
blood spattered ca the floor, you watched yourself
from the other side of the room. Somehaw you must
have come down off the hoaks; those memories
seem lost, but you've been crying co find whar

4 you encouncered that day ever since.

Body modification became yout religion.

4 Every hook and film you could find became

1 gospel. For kicks, you did a stinr with Jim

} Rose's circus. Kala the Serpent Girl — your

| future lover and mentor — works there as well.

}

Now she teaches you how to leave time and flesh
behind. Some lessons take a while, but the prize is
worth it. Perhaps some day you can visit those
rribal lands in person.
Concept: A modern pogi in search
of manscendence, you've realized the
; hollowness of the industrial dream. A
workd wichour ritual isa world without
hope. Your scars and tatcoos are marks
of passage beyond all that- There is
something better than endless drudg-
ery — you've seen tt, you know it, and
sharing that insight is imperative. On
tour, you've seen the crashed souls, the
teal freaks, who come to watch you
"perform." They're pathetic You pity
them. Maybe all they need is an example.
Roleplaying Tips: Taking yourself over you've learned the hard way, Spirit Arts intrigue you;
the edge brings ananda. Others think you're a that's probably where you'll concentrate next. Your
masochiss, hut they can't see the insight beyond the pain. In kamamarga include ordeals of all kinds, body are and trance
othercultures, you'd be considered normal; here, you'resick. dancing. Someday you'll need no help at all

Life's funny, but it's okay. You've learned how to laugh. Equipment: Rings, weights, blades, extensive library,
® Magick: When you step outside pourself, time falls Jim Rose tour jacket.
aside too. Your skill with Life magick reflects control

52 Cutt or Etstiay

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Backgrounds

Avatar. @0000
<Oream 80800
Mentor 88000
__00000

OO00CO

Other Traits

Acrobat @8000
Escape @@600
Torture __@88600

OO0000

MAGE: The Ascension™
Nature: Fanatic
Essence: Questing
Demeanor: ‘Oeviant

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@0@00 = Charisma @8@00 = Perception @@e00
Dexterity. @@800 = Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @8e@00
Stamina_diarty @@@@O Appearance #0000 Wit @8000

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@000 Do OOOCO Computer. ©0000
Athletics S@@00 Drive OCOCO 3 Cesmolosy. OCOCO0O
Awareness @@000 — Etiquerte. 00000 Culture. ®0000
Brawl @0000 - Firearms_ OOOOO _ Enigmas. @0000
Dodge OOO0O0O0 Leadership OOO0OO Investigation OCOCO
Expression @0000 Medication. @6000 Law. 00000
Instruction OOCOO Melee. @8000 Linguistics 00000
Intuition OOOOO Research, 00000 Lore 00000
Intimidation ®0000 | Stealth 00000 = Medicine @8000
Streetwise. S@000 = Survival @@000 Occult. 00000
Subterfuge QO000O0  Technology__O0000 Science, #0000

Correspondence___ OO0}00 Life @@000 ss Prime 00000
Entropy OOO0CO Mind @0000 - Spirit @0000
Forces. OOOOO — Matter OO0O0CO Time. @@000

00000 Mattes 00000 Time

Arete
@@eooo0o0o0000
Willpower
@eeeeooo0ond
ooo00000000
Quintessence

Concept: Prince of "Fain
Mentor:
Cabal:

Health
Bruised -0
Injured -1

Mauled : 2 0

Incapacitated 0

Experience


(In) Famous Ecstanics

= bn, | He condd read the Bible like a preacher
P Full of ecstasy and fire
Bay | But he also was che kind of teacher
‘ pe Women woadd desire
2 a — Boiled in Lead, "Rasputin"
Unlike many other Traditions, the Culr
of Ecstasy has few truly powerful luminaries.
Ir's said thar Ecstatics would rather leave
behind a wild legacy than live forever. Cer-
tainly, the histories of many of the group's mosc notorious
members bear the theory out; most burn brightly for a few
years, then cither disappear, spiral downward or perish in an
amazing display of Paradox.

Mystery surrounds most notable Cultists, Did Sh'zarfade
away, or docs he live on in some distant Realm? Was Isadora
DXincan's fatal ride truly an accidenc? And Is Jim Morrison
really dead? Chronos keeps many sécrets, and if the Ecscatics
know the answers, they aren't talking.

SH'ZAK THE SEEK

Where he came from, no one knew. His name, a corrup-
tion of sh'ir, or seer, hinted at Indian origins, bur many
thought him an Arab or a Persian. Although a devotee of
Tantra, he was open to the entire spectrum of Ecstatic arts.
After a lifetime of wandering the Middle Eastern wastes, he
traveled to the hidden courts of Persia and Greece with dire
prophecies upon his lips:

"and as | watch, the great dawn becomes a fist of iron,
whase fingers brush the clouds and bring low the stars. As the
celestial lights fall to Earth, the fingers close and all things — stars,
mountains, rivers. cities — become as a hemp of coal in the giant
fist."

News of the distant philosopher-scientists was not new,
but Sh'zar was among the first to cake the Onler af Reason
seriously. To every magus he encountered, the Scer spoke of
the coming tribulation. Finally, three Masters listened.
Valoran, Nightshade and Baldric took hisprophecies to heart
and began to forge the Council he had also foreseen, "...a
wise gathering, men and women both, clustered shout a
glowing sphere like unto the Moon ar full rise."

No one knows what Sb'zar really looked like. His face
was said to change like a bonfire flame, always flowing into
different guises. In many, he was handsome and proud,
dressed in finery; sometimes he appeared ugly, naked or in
rags. Three things distinguished Sh'zar, however, regardless
of bis appearance: his eloquent perceptions, his disgust for
violence, and his magickal companions.

Everywhere he went, Sh'zar was guarded by a fiery
hawk and two grand male peacocks. These familiars,
Adamu, Ka'bah and Kadishtu, watched all of Sh'sar's
acquaintances "..,with an almost human assessment."
Although many Europeans considered them demons,

ey,

54 Cantor Ecstasy

Sh'zar's companions often saved innocents or battled roon-
sters. The Seer himself considered hashish ro be his best
weapon. Tales speak of the Conversion of Malach, when a
horde of bandits were stopped in their tracks by clouds uf
smoke and words of peace. Sh'zar prophesied from moming
until late afternoon. When night came, the handits joined
him around the fire, then left the next moming without
incident.

Like so many af his kind, Sh'zar disappeared into time
after his disciple Alcrites was accused of cowardice. After a
long meditation, the Seer shut himself in his tent and was
never seen again. By 1480, everyone agreed that he was gone
forever. Although histories speak of his appearance in rhe
clouds at the jambo of 1867, most Ecstatics consider that a
inyth.

HiueTeR CROWLEY

The rise and fall of "The Great Beast 666" stands as an
object lesson for all Cultists who would follow him. A
brilliant scholar and magician, Aleister Crowley popularized
the darker side of magick and handily rebelled against Viceo-
tian morality. Sadly, his single-minded pursuit of power and
sensation ended in a downward spiral thar supposedly cli-
maxed in 1947, The so-called "Master Therion" seems to
epitomize hubris gone mad.

That Crowley was Awakened is almost indixputable. His
influence and wealth were likewise infamous. While squca-
mish Hermetics were quick todismiss the dark mystic, Cultists
Tecognized one of their own from the start. He scudied
Tanerik magick and used it asa springboard for his own ideas,
Sadly, he favored excess and cruelty. Crowley's "Do whar
thou wilt" approach included orgies, ritual sacrifice, curses
and constant drug experimentation. Many Cultises believe
he curned barably halfway through his carcer, but perhaps he
simply let power go to his head. One Virtual Adeptclaims he
gave Crowley's termination order during che post-WWII
Nephandi cleanup, but the truch remains unknown,

Ironically, although he supposedly die: dissipated, friend-
less and broke, Crowely's influence lives on long past his
reputed death. For better or worse (Cultists themselves can't
agree about which), the Master Thezion's writings and cha-
tisma have inspired dozens of Awakenings and undermined
a good deal of established dogma, Ic may be thar in relnvent-
ing modern magick, Crowley reached his own dark Ascension.
Still, mose Cultists frown on his example

Rasputin

A series of outrageous tales has credited Russia's mad
saint with every form of yampirism, insanity and venereal
disease imaginable, to say nothing of his supposed links co the
Celestial Chorus and (ludicrously!) che Sons of Ether. An
Ecstatic from the beginning, Grigory Novykh compelled
women to abandon their virtue, czars to abandan their sense,

VVvVVVVVVVY

Fouria Verse: ...PRow tHe Axcent Gatuery 55

and a young heir co abanchon a discase fram which
there was supposedly no cure.

The details of the Mad Mank's life are far tav com-
mon tc bocher relating; whac few outside the Cult of
Ecstasy realize is that this "Saranic" figure crusaded against
Nephandic. agents. His brief association with Isadora Duncan
exposed 2 ring of Fallen Ones influential in the Romancy

ourt. With her help (and several miracles), Rasputin d
atched the N
Prince Yusupoy,

di from the court. With one exceptio

The Prince's incompetence asa mage wasrevealed by his
inability to handle the Ecstatic monk on his own. When his
magicks failed, Yusupov summoned outside help, Rasputin
died, bucit rooka diabolical effort co slay him. With the monk
out ofthe way, the Fallen reestablished their seranglehald on
the Romanovs. Svon, the court fell. The whereabouts of
are a secret even to che Awakened, but most
lieve she went co the Cauls. As for Rasputin, he
died hero.

Just ask the Cultists. They'll tell you.

lanpors Duycan

This barefooted revolutionary did more than just stand
dance conventions on their car; she advocated, chrough her
teachings and example, the ecstaticexperience in art. Tothis

day, Cultists wonder if het odd dearh in 1927 wasan accident

ussussination.
Isadora was always drawn to the dance — noc the rigidity

of ballet, but the improvisational ferocity of the ancient
Greeks, feltdance should be fluid and elernental, not stiff
or police, and danced half-naked and alone, drawing the
mausic into her movements. American audiences were not
exactly enthralled; the self-Awakened mage had much to
eam. When Isadora moved to Europe, she enccumrered Jean
Gatoche, a Nephandi-hunting Cultist; the two became lav-
ets, friends and comrades in arms. With his help, Isadora
excelled at magick and became the talk of Europe.
Duncan's charisma and stamina were legendary, as were

her grace and libide, Lovers flocked to her hed, and students
filled her dance schools. Her sense of the Lakashim was
strong; she advocated @ return to nature, and many fans
listened.
Then fell Garoche; Jean turned barabhi. When [sadora
found he killed bin and fled to Russia, where she met
the ble ded dancer Nijinski, his mentor Sergey Diaghilev
(another Ecstatic), and Rasputin. There, she chought she'd
found peace. She was mistaken. Friends uf Garoche touk
revenge. One "acciilene" drowned Duncan's two children
and their nanny. Another "coincidence" killed her new!
son. Hersuccess in post-war Russia branded her a traitor back
home, the schcols failed, and Isadora cook to drink. As a
focus, it made a great vice; her powers declined, as did her
2's husband committed suicide, she

success. When Dune:
almast joined him.

Despice her "luck," Duncan'secstatic teachings caught

on, changing the face of madern dance. Her star wason the


tise again when a mysterious "accident" ended her
career forever: Isadora's trademark, a flowing scarf,
tangled around a car wheel and snapped her neck. Was it
chance — ora final Nephandic strike? To this day, many
Ecstatic dancers wear scarves in [ssdora's honor — and in
deflance of her fate.

Jia Monnizon

Satyr. Poet. Visionary. Drug addict. Rock god. Enigma.
Jim Morrison seemed to personify all the best and wort
the Cult has to offer. A mystick gifted with uncanny
foresight, the Lizard King turned the hippie ideal upside
down. Despite The Doors' success, icwas years before their
dark truths became as obvious to us as they were to him.

Like so many "60s Eestatics, Jim Awakened without
guidance. His magicks evolved by accident, and revolved
around time and perception. From the beginning, he seemed
to know he was doomed; anyone who heard his voice recug-
nized a man who stared Into his own nightmares while
turning them into dreams,

The Doors weren't only controversial among Sleepers.
Morrison didn't seem to realize how hig his game really was.
Although obviously an Ecstatic, he never had a mentar
and never cook sides. Some Cultists claim the Syndicate
targeted him from the start- Others say his excesses
spoiled great potential. fn any case, he quickly burned
out, becoming perhaps the largest tombstone in the rack-n-
roll graveyard, Some say he was searching fora mentorwhen
he died. Others insist he fours! one.

Supposedly, Morrison attracted Marianna's cye, took
her up on an offer of escape, and has never looked back.
Freed from the spotlight, he continues to plumb the doors
of perception and recalls hi stardom with mingled amuse-
ment, regret and contempe. If Jim Morrison does live at
Balador, he has changed his appearance and keeps a
low profile.

Morrison's heyday involved so many Ecscasy
mages and their acolytes chat it seems to have been the
Cult's finest hour. The fact that sa many have cither died or
gone insane indicates either a massive Technocratic crack-
down, a Paradox ripple, or the frailties of Cul doctrine.
Everyone has their own theories. The rumors that Mick
Jagger is Awakened have since been discredited.

36 Curt ov Ecstasy

Marianna oF Baranon

Rumor has ic that che greatest living Ecstatic
Master once loved Lon! Byron birself. Marianna has
neither disputed nor confirmed che claim. However old
she may be, this Divya commands formidable talents,
myetick and otherwise.

Best known for her sexual appetites, Marianna is
reputed to have heen horn in Venice, Italy i the early

1800s. That heritage is impossible to tell from her looks;
Marianna changes her appearance so frequently that even
her best friends seldom recognize her. Although she prefers
classical ideals — Greek statues, Botticelli nudes, Persian
belly-dancers, etc. — Balador'smistressoccasicnally samples
every mode of beaury-

During the early Gule of Bacchus days, Marianna
tended the best brothels in Venice. When the Guild
{Syadicate) tried to take her businesses over, she undercut

boch their efforts and their Constructs. Her impressive
prophecies made her many friends and saved many lives.
During both World Wars, it's said she hid refugees in her
brothels, and in che ‘60s, she hosted ane of Europe's most
exclusive getaways In 1976, the chief councilor of Balador
Pleasuredome passed the keys co Marianna. It was a wise
choice.

Since that time, the Divya has mae free love ber
crusade, She loathes rapists and pederasts, and enforces the

Code of Ananda within Balador. On Earth, she spansors a
number of aspiring artists while pursuing a rumored rape
cule. In person, Balador's mistress is frienclly and disarming.
Some mistake her constant cheer for naiveté, but they miss
the point. "I've met se many crazy mages in my life," she
purrs in a continental accent, "that I make it my goal 06 be
an exception." If Marianna has an evil side. no one living
can attest fo 1.,

Fourth Verse: ...Pxom tHe fycent Gauwery 57



SIPPENDIX:
Ecstaric Arts

A hianan being is more like a symphony than a pamting. He
is.a process, nat a thing. The scientist of the fursere will have to be
Ume-oriented rather than space-oriented. When this happens, we
shall realize that the universe is driven by living energies, rather
then physical forces, and that its essential processes are closer to

magic dhan to science.

— Colin Wilson, describing the theories of Dr.
Charlorte Bach; from The Misfits

To Ecstatics, magick ix an extension of all
peoples' potential. Our inner energy can only
bond with the pulse of creation through con-
centration, through deliberately shedding the
\ human blindfold. One of the reasons the Tra-
dition remains concerned with the
un-Awakened is because to them, all people
can he Awakened. The choice, of course, be-
longs to the individual. Frankly, given the
risks, they're not counting on many people
joining rhem ynytime soon,
Cultises dive head-first into cheir magick; this Appendix
describes some of the things they do with it —and the things
ic does ta them

SHAKTI AND STYLE

The Sanskrit word Shakti means many things: power,
force, che primal energy which, when given form, begins and
ends ull things. Shakti herself is the creatrix, the wife and
lover of Shiva; together they dunce, make love and birth the
universe in their bliss. A complex, tangential concept, Shakti
embodies creation (especially in its feminine qualities), and
contains aspects of will, bliss, consciousness, knowledge and

action. The Tradition's founders considered the goddess a
perfect metaphor for magick.

It was Tali Eos' idea to connect the Spheres with the
sacred passions. The 10th Sphere, Lakashim, would theoreti-
cally unite them all. In her view, a mystick feels the Lakashim,
then becomes one with it. Through this union, all things are
possible. To command magick, one must first feel magickal,
which is why one's passions are considered so important.

With this perspective, the different Spheres become
sensations to master, each with its own rules. The deeperone
feels, the more one understands. Thus, most mentors teach
the different Spheres as extensions of one another, linked to
amage's passions. Beginners often start with one dot in many
Spheres, then work upwards from there. "Cross-craining" this
way leads to a better understanding of everything, and in the
Jong run, creates a more powerful Divya than concentrating
om one or two Spheres would do.

In the carly days, each passion was linked tu a Sphere.
These relationships caused controversy, however, and were
soon abandoned. For che record, chose original carrespon-
dences were: Correspondence = Empathy; Entropy = Fear;
Forces = Rage; Life = Lust; Matter = Hate; Mind = Love;
Prime = Joy: Spiric = Jealousy; Time = Grief.

Hlercxpix: Ecstanc firts 59


Kanauaras (Foc

Roll me aut ¢ barrel, I'll cazst you to your knees
Take awa this safery nee, bring me my trapeze
Order me a stretcher, for midnight if sou please
Give me sweet music and strife...
Gunpouder, whiskey, falling off the wire
Anything could put me in the evcr-after choir
Hacks that wane to sex me shuffle off the shelf
Thand them each a boule, J sers
Ge fuck sousself

— Oysterband, "The Shouting End of Life"

Various kamainarga help Cultists achieve an alcered
state of consciousness. The only real focus for Ecstatic magick
is che self; to get around the usual barriers, however, some
concentration becomes necessary.

A wise Cultist alternates his tools for sev-
eral reasons. One, he gains « broader
pempective by experimenting. Two, over-
use dulls both tools and senses. Three,
all of che foci below are both dangerous
andhabit-forming. Alrermationheats ©
addiction any day, The concept of
manipulating some aspect of re-
ality through a single thing
(aka. using a special focus
with a Sphere) strikes
most Ecseatics as ridicu-
lous; wharever gets
you off will puc you
In tune if yeu know
howto use it. Never-
theless, Gultists of Ecstasy
must still begin a game with
one focus per Sphere (before
Arete adjustments). They
simply use whatever they
want to make chings hap- =
pen, e

60 Curt oF Ecstasy

o?

Concentration ix a vital part of the C
karmarmarga take a urn or more b> use — one
Tanck posture on a single nun. Wise Cultist: focus dy c!
beforehand if it seems like their Arts will come in fuialy. Many
of the foc! below have lasting effects, although they may ceke
awhile to employ. Qultists who don't mind being .
vulgar may speed or slaw the process, butit's ys tf
tisky and not always effective.

Coupisisa Kamina

Many kamamarga
canbecombined dur-
ing Tiger Rites, or
used for lang
periands of 2
tite,

Although
magickal
difficulties
cannot drop ke-
Jow 3, intense stimuli
can teduce a difficulcy
that would normally
higher, or make a vulgar
Effect more cuincidencal (weird things scem np happen
when everyone's on XTC).
Adding foci together invalves more roleplaying than
dice rolling. The player simply describes what his charac
terisdoing. Ifthe Storyteller thinks the ritual isappropriare,
he decides the modifier, consults the dice as usual, and
decides whether complications might arise. The usual +/-3
modifier limit still applies. Consider any focus ¢


f used for more

Medicat ave an "Extra Time" bonus

than an half hour vith,

mn to

ue sopping.
lays a danger. A mage combining of
intensifying karoamarga should make a Willpower roll (diffi-

heoverwhelmed when he does Thi goes up +1 for

Ovenhose

ry new focus (or every magickal success) over the second;
[f Wolf scores three successes with Bombolai, his Willpower
difticulry is 7. Whee! Failing this roll knocks the character

nec yas for a curn o¢ two; bacching ic puts him in acoma

in iy the Storyteller's prerogative, but remember that
Cultist: are used to more intensiry than mortalsare. (Destiny's

Price has more in-depth rules for addiction and drags.)

+ Adrenaline: Daredevils prefer a raw adrenaline rush,
By performing some crazy stunt, a mage can focus herself for
4 few minutes. The muaddJer the ace, the longer the sensation
lasts. Dodging at

turns; jumpin

illet might give her a bus: for twa or three

motorcycle onto a moving train might last

an hour

* Art: Some Ecsratics focus by creating art, while ochers
like Wolfcan enter a trance by staringat theircreations. Mast
Cultists have some special bit of custom jewelry or body art;

rate Tings, thor

Inost wear x

ne prefer piercings oF
ome effort, so magick
ni some time and matenals ta

used quickly before che

tattoos. Obviously, creating artrequir

zs}

ing that focus will dems

This kind of focus must

pirutiviry facles.

* Body Modification/Ordeals: Sacrifice isan important
F With body mods and ordeals, Bestatics use
milance, the sleep of ogeing, fasting and torture
s behind. Some SM types have refined
e extremes, but the intenc ts the sam
hten consciousness by passing the poinc where plea-

pain collide. Box
mstriction, castration, etc. — ms

themse

modifleations — searificarion,

ke the ordeal's

anent. Both requite time (several turns of mote)

to perform, bur the facus Jasts for hours.

* Dance: The

fest and most invigorating way to reach

akashim, dance celebrates the experience of being
tomusic, He doesn't have tu be
tly demands

live and attunes che mag

s good dancer, bur it helps. This focus use

Toum t move, some co move to, and time to gee in

atep. A good ecstatic on takes several minutes to

ittain. As with adrenaline, the harder you push, the

setter your focus becom:
* Drugs: Although controversial, drugs are per-

y to expand your perceptions. They'te

haps the oldest

and often illegal. One use will focus

inywhere fram five im k, crystal

,incense helps you concentrate by defining
s scent to focus on. Is also helpful for covering odors,

flrrexvix: Ecatanic firts


especially in Burning incense takes at least three
turns; it won't hurry, neither should pou.

© Meditation: Actually, all kamamarga are medi
this focus, though, invelves poscures, deep breathing and
exercises like yoga, prayer or Tantra. These may be done
alone, or shared; some forms, especially Tanta, require
several partners and complex positions. Mast forms require
training and preparation, and nune of them may be hurried.
Focusing this way takesat legst 10 minutes and usually longer.
The stimulation can last for bours.

aah pe

m3;

© Music: The Lakashitn expresses itself most readily in
song. The form of music doesn't macter, but che musicians'
intent docs. Some songs are always powerful, no matcer how
they're performed, bur others require precise execurion
work, Alchough the Technocracy and simple greed have
hanalized many of the most effective tunes, music isa heurtom-
less resource that anyone can appreciate. Performing it takes
time and talent, and the focus can last for up to an hour;
listening requires less of bath, but is less effective, coo.

While mose Cultists favor simple acoustic instruments
like flates, drums or voices, lots of newer recruits use
electronic devices, synthesizers and h

barrier is forever.

U1

nemade gadgets. No

nsuality/Sexuality: Touch itself isa communion
ot the senses; couch between cwo people creates a bond.
Combining intimate couching wich intimate conract is
the essence of sex, and of sexual magick. The incensity of
the experience (especially if it's done properly) raises

1 all parties concerned, A: smare Ecstatic
his chakras, or at

acentrare on the

power — ofax

knows how co channel thar energy t

least hen te focus it.

sensations, ochers on the rising power. Either one is effec

Pure sensuality involves expusi Il senses co arousal;

massage, electnc stimulation, or just
you feel all work. Sex may be stenple antercounse or elaborate
Tantrik ites, Both stimulation and sex requi:
of time. The longer they last, the becrer the foes

* Technology: Nocall Gultists are
the Web, erphing and induscrial rousic
sensations can be creaced, disseminated and piped direcr
the pleasure cent bs d
the limits of eve: ology s alter custorn
bu

longer co prepare, buc only a cunn or ewe ti use.

PERCEPTION

Because they've removed mortal blinders, Ecs

encratil

pmne ar

sturalists. Wich VR.

Ter new

WP

ts. Technover
their technc
but anyone can tse it, Such foci cake hours, days oreven

cs prefer 0

faim

in
Natu
has a price: Overhaul. When sen

Raw ecnsualicy is a f
touch with their wor

rally, hyper-sensicivit

so many Culcis

ing lictle or noth

overlap, a mage gets confused. If something stimulates her
aver the edge, ber sensea break down entirely. A person who
lifestyle of skating along that ed will ke

uit to topple

Most nventors start their students off with perceptions;
they're casy to understand and make a lasting impression.
Soc the mystick leas to keep that "enhanced" sense an all
the time. The focus "activates" whatever first-rank Sphere
Effect the character wishes to use, and icremains "on" forthe
duracion. A Perception + Awareness roll shows her whatever
that Sphere might allow her to see.

Let's use Counste tas am example: Say she has one dot cach
in Prime, Time, Matter, Correspondence and Spirit. By
focusing herself, she can "turn on" any or even all of chose
yenses at once, on top of her own (see the end of Chapter
Three), This takes a little time, but unleashes a torrent of
vensations, After a while, those alrered perceptions become
normal, as descrihed in the sidebar "That Glazed Look."
Cassie may keep one of nwo magickal petceptions going at
once, as lony as she's had a chance co focus herself before-
hand.

Overload is the downside; an Ecstatic mage who moves
around in cxtrasensary mode suffers +1 to all of her Percep-
tion difficulties for every magickal sense in play over the first
(two would be +1. three would be +2, etc.). Some kamamarga
can be distracting, too. A peyore trip might open up her
magickal senses hut ohscure the normal ones, and Cassic may
mistake her hullucinations for mystick sight. Sometimes it
really is just in your mind, even if you're 3 Cultist of Ecstasy!

Then there's overstimulation: Any loud noise, flash of
hight, cut, caress, etc. will have double its usual effect if
Cassie's senses are enhanced, and may overwhelm her unless
she makes a Willpower roll (difficulcy 6) to overcome the
sensation, Pleasure really can become pain this way, although
the reverse is also cruc if she makes the roll. This isa trap some
Ecstatics fall inno: Overload can feel good — too good!

It's perfectly appropriate, by the way, to buy high Aware-
ness. Empathy and Enigmas scores for Cultist characters.
Their sensitivity really does grant them some spectacular
inaighes

Euestity avo funas

Cultists' sensitivity makes them remarkably empathic;
most have at least one dot in the Mind Sphere, which allows
them to share anather's feelings (che Empathy Effect) and
view that person's aura. Most of them do that as often as
possible. Few things are more stimulating than unbridled
emotion, or more revealing than a look at raw life-force
colors.

This empathy may explain Cultists' obsession with sex
und violence. The sensation of anathers' pain can be either
revolting or exhilarating, depending on who you are, Sex
pasions, when shared this way, can rise toalmaost unkearable
levels of pleasure. These sensations come through loud and
clear during a fight (Storytellers, cake nace!) or a fuck unless
the character has actively taken steps to block his empathy.
In calmer circumstances, the mage might read another's
feelings through aura calors, voices in his head, or washes of
sensation or emotion. In large groups, this can ke exhausting,
bur it can be a real blast, tan.

Using magick
Fellow Cultist

Vampire
Werewolf

Empaths also project thelr feelings, sometimes without
meaning to. Tali Eos, a powerful empath, had to cultivate
inner peace to avoid alienating every man she encountered.
Used effectively, empathy can be a strong weapon, tool or
bond, It isn't sitoply "mind reading"— in many ways, it's
tnore effective.

Tie Sense.
Tomorrow never happens. Ic's all just the same fucking day, man.

— Janis Joplin

Time is a necessary illusion taken to an absurd degree.
Certain amounts of quantification are ewential co human
understanding: Names and labels help us to communicate
and grow. Time, though, has been defined too much; hours,
minutes, seconds are unnecessary. To most folks, time passes.
Cultists agree — toa point, Time does pass. The way It passes
depends on how you look at it.

When a person touches the Lakashim, time slows, even
fractures. The theories about why could fill a quantum physics
cextbook, and make less sense. As the Cultists say, don't ask
why, just experience. Once you feel time go ourof joint, you'll
understand. It's disorienting, but that's the idea. Because
they do rather than explain, Ecstarics have always per-
ceived time differently. That perception grants them their
infamous temporal power.

9

Hprenpix: Ecsranic flrts 63


In game cerms, Ecstatics often speak in cense shifts or long pauses
(see the Introduction through Chapter Three), arrive late or early for
meetings and seem to move quicker or more slowly chan those around
them, They have litcle use for schedules, and mock those whodo. Even so,
they have precise time senses (the Internal Clock Effect), which rarely run
according to normal clocks but detect temporal warps with ease. Many cary
see the possible consequences of what they're about to do, a Time 2
precognition Effect like Songs of Furure Days; after focusing himself, the
Caltist might look into space, watch the near future, come back, and ace.
Thi drives blockheads crazy: Why's cheir Chantrymate getting stoned now?
For the Cultist, the answer decides bis next actions. (Wolf was doing this at
the beginning of Chapter One.) Precognition isn't always an exact science,
but who wants to live forever, anyway?

Conmanions: CONGREX AND OROX

Remember the feeling of a really great orgasm? The surge of
energy, the shift in perceptions? Ecetatica carn orgasm into an Ar,
and they have a thousand different ways to induce, and to share, that
sensation

Cultises love to share. Whether che partner is Awakened,
asleep or Otherworkdly, a congrex (communion-bond) is consid- .
ered the highcet form of expression. Although che term usually 2a
denotes sexual magick, mast Eestatics consider ary form of
sharing a sexual experience, whether intercourse comes into
play or not. "After all," as Marianna explains, "any contact is
a form of touch. Sex is just the moet intimate concace,"
Communions occur through couch, music, magick, thraugh
any number of events. Anything chac exchanges scrong
sensations from one being ro another isa form of congrex.

Communions share not only passions, hut percep-
tions. And, asall mages know, perceptions hold the key
tw reality, The Technocracy agrees. Any time a group
guthers, its power increases. Anything chat can steer
thar energy to a common goal — from 4 riot in a
paracdige shift — unleashes tremendous force. This,
of course, scares hell out of che power structure. [f
that power isn't in their hands, it's considered
dangerous, And it is,

In game terms, s congrex is a ritual (Mage
Second Edition, pp. 163-164} with several parties
involved (page 172). Okox is congrex with a spirit —
dangerous, but rewarding. Effects like The Spirit Kiss,

Living Bridge, (both from Mage), Dreamline or Mood
Swing are good examples of mystick cormmunions. Most congrex
share perceptions, even magickal ones (Mage. page 172), as Walf and
Cassie do in Chapter One. Elaborate congrex, especially with un-Awsk-
ened participants, cake a lot of time: Woodstock may be the ultimate
example. The titual the character prefers depends on his wishes and
goals, but it must involve a give-and-take, and often some sort of
promise ("We're gonna tock the house tonight!"). The more incimate
the congrex, the mote important the cath, This is one of che
reasons why many Qultises despise rape. True, it evakes power, but
that power is stulen, not shared. To touch the World-Pulse is to orgasm.
Rape doesn't touch char pulse. Ir pisses on it

d

6¢ = Curt or Ecataay

3


Zevrerssts

Some Eestatics have discovered that powerful emotions
actually coalesce into spirits of an age —zeltgessts. This may
tuke decades of remembrance; $0 far, nv one has discovered
how 10 create such spirits deliberarciy, though many have
tried, Some zeitgeist: fade over time, while others grow more
powerful. Those who study the Umbrood claig ch
and Perucox spirits share a common lineaye:
personify generations of emotion, und carry
power with them, Naturally, Ecstatics wh
geists love ro commune with them.

dow appear in person; they a
a ance, though they may be seer
Penumbra, Most simply bring the essence of the ti
them ws @ rash of nostalgia or fear. The strongest spi

the personificacions of rhe Holocaust, the Classical
Greek era, the Chinese Age of Heroes and the Sum-

mer of Love, can actually Materialize (see the Charm of
that name in the Mage or Werewolf spirit rules), und pack
a lot of energy (hetween 20 co 40 points of the Power spiric
Trait). A zeitgeist appears and aces ike a common stereotype
of the era, and it doesn't

never stay for long — five
fool char zeinzeists form
. To commune with one is
onor an Eestatic can receive.

Mastery of the physical J
strength; mastery of the
from being comeralled :
braved ear: masters of e
arising thoughts can be ei
ished at will, makes possiGi
Isha Schwaller d
of the Way

Each of the Effeced
informal history. Divyas trace them
workings, sono real "history" is availal
of Time. Each goes by many names; they
qussed down chrough use, noc "spells" written
to study,

Mood Swing/Communion (** Mind)

This elementary but potent communion spell senda
empathic messages to anyone in the area, spreading good
vibes, anger, pain, joy, whatever. Ofeen performed as part of
a ritual (a concert, an orgy, @ rave, etc.), this Eflect grows
more intense and affects mare people over time.

IAs che "Range, Damage and Duration" rules say (Mage
Seecand Edition, p. 165), this magick spreads sensations to
one nearby person persuccess. lt communicates only feelings,
noc thoughes, but cin be very effective when worked Into a
long casting. Several mages can combine their efforts, or add
Manipulation + Expresqun rolls to decrease the difficulty of
this uften-coincidental spell,

[A Correspondence 2, Mind 2 variation, Communion,
sends empathic feelings ss a distance. For simplicity,
assume thar the emotions lasc for an hour or two after che
event which caused them ends.)

b/Aphrodite's Blessing (** Life)
ite hardships, a Cultist must harden herself to the
is ancient gift, known hy sume as Inner Heat,
we to ucclimate co hostile environments —
occold, toxins, pain, etc — without dulling the
bnily the bodily effects. Ifshe chooses, the Cultist
stimulation that's too intense; few do, however.

tosee how faryoucan push yourself. A variation,

Blessing, increases sexual desire and stamina to

els. 3.can extend the Blessing to ohers.

ter heals damage inflicted by environments that

tually injure her (fire, poison. torture, etc.) at the normal
She can't adapt in any superhuman way (ic,, growing

8) until Life 3. The effects of Aphrodite's Blessing are best
left to roleplaying. ...]
Call Forth Zeitgeist (** Mind, #* Time, ** Spirit)
Also known as Nostalgia, this spell summons the spine
of an age so that others may experience it, Restatics often do
this co make a point; bringing someone the actual feelings of
the Sommer of Love is infinitely more effective than simply
telling them about it.
[It help to be near some relic or location tied to the age
when summoning its spirit; the Burning Times may be
evaked more easily (and more coincidentally) ina Nuremberg
dungeon than in a field in Kansas. In a ncutral place, such as
a library, no modifiers apply. Using a place or thing that's
actually tied to the time lowers the difficulty by -1 (like a
Node), orpethaps more; evoking the zeitgeist ina completely
unrelated place raises the difficulty the same way.
[Most zeirgelsts wash across the area where they were
summoned, touching all people there with a brief sense of

Apvenpix: Ecstanc fixts 65

what it must have been like, then fade away. Four
successes or more should bring the spirit in a more
active form. The way a zeitgeist acts is up to the Story-
teller, but che summoner's state of heart and mind should
shape the manifestation. A shaman trying to evoke the Free
Love aspect of the Summer of Love will stand a better chance
if he's listening to the Jeffersan Airplane and feeling frisky
than if he's listening to The Doors and afraid.]
Dreamline (** or *¢* Mind, ** Correspondence, **
or #¢* Time (or *** Correspondence, ** Spirit)
All Ecstatics form a bond when they meet. This urgent
communiqué jumps across space and time to deliver impor-
tant messages chrough chat bond. By entering a crance, the
summoner can teach into the dreams of his comrades. An
advanced version (Correspondence 3) allows him to contact

several friends at once.

[Many variations exist. Mind 2 sends empathic impres-
sions, while Mind 3 delivers actual messages, Time 2 adjusts
the message so that the receiver "hears" it before it's actually
senc; Time 3 accelerates cime so chat the Cultist can send
many messages in a short period. Correspondence closes the
gap: the incimacy of the bond determines how hard the
message is ta deliver (as per the Range chart). Finally, a Spirit
2 variant calls friendly Umbrood to deliver the message
without mental contact. The shaman making such a bargain
should be prepared to pay her "delivery boy" a sender's fee.)
Prolong Pleasure/Pain (*** Mind, »¢* Time)

A simple example of a time loop; by setting the Effect in
motion {often with a kiss, caress or slap), the Cultist can ser
up a "hovering" sensation. His subject will feel the next thing
the mage does for as long as the magick lasts. No physical
effects linger; the sensations are all in the subject's head. This
can drive Sleepers to unparalleled ecstasy — or to madness.
[An act sets the sensation in motion. Time and Mind
begin « loop which keeps the feeling at its peak level. An
orgasm can last for hours; a whiplash can burn for just as long.
Depending on how strong the sensation is (and how long the
Effect lasts), che recipient may have comake a Willpawer roll
1a think of anything else. Minor touches would be difficulty
4, intense pleasure or pain would be difficulty 9, and every-
thing else would fall in between. For every hour the magick
lingers, the difficulcy goes up by +1. A strong new stimulus
cancels the Effect.]

Bombolai (*** Spirit, or ¢* Matter, ** Prime)
Named for » blessing performed over a hash pipe or
bhong, Bombolai awakens the spirit of che drug itself, making
it more potent (see Spirit 3 rules). While holding out the
bhong or pipe, the Ecstatic shouts the blessing, lights the
bowl and inhales. Ideally, the nash will be intense...

[Two variation exist: with the first, a shaman rouses che
drug's spirit; with the second, a more atheistic mage
charges the drug's Patrern with a burst of Quintessence.
Both styles have the same effect. For cach success, the
potency of the nish doubles. Scaring five successes or more
demands a Stamina roll (difficulty 8) to avoid a blackour.

66 = Curt oF Ecatasy


[¥es, it's possible to ON doing this spell! Cambining
it with Prolong Pleasure has put some Cultists into
comas.]
Purify (*¢* Life, ** Matter, or both)

Concemed Cultists we this ancient spell co cleanse a
body or material of harmful elements. Drugs can be
forced out of 4 user's system, poison can be separated
from wine, etc.. When used on a living being, che
subject feels 4 bie shaky afterward, but suffers no
seTicus eflects.

[Pirst-rank perceptions are often used to discover
what needs fixing before this spell is cast. Drugs and
potsuns are considered one and the same when cleaning
out someone's system. Matter pulls che components to-
gether and Life expels them. The Macter-only yariant
cleanses puisons fram inert materials, while the Life-only
wn averts venereal disease or unwanted pregnancy.
Sedly, HIV and AIDS have resisted long-term cures; this
epell causes a remission, but muta solucion. The Cult suspects
the Progenitors of engineering sich hardy viruses]

Dionysus' Gift (**** or ***¢ Life (possibly with
#¢® Matter or Forees)

The god of wine, women and song was also an accom-
plished shapechanger ans transmuter. He escaped capeure hy
turning pirates Into dolphins and himself into a lion, and
often changed chose who offended him into animals or
plants. Some Ecstatics, notably che Maenadsand Fifth World
Tribe, carry un Dionysus' legacy.

[These various Effecte work as per the Lesser
Shapechanging, Animal Form and Perfect Metamorphosis
Life spells. Working Matter or Forces inco che magick will
change live creatures tu inaniinate matccr of energy, See page
187 of Mage Second Edition for demils.]

Hatton's Notes

lwantccrepeat for the record thar I donor, through this
book, condone all of the practices I've described. They're
offered for he and accuracy, not for imitation. Drugs,
vistonquests, alternative sex practices and body mexiifi-
cations can be extraordinanits danwerous. Cult of Ecstasy
is a work of fiction, not an advertisement.

I've found the followin ks and musical artasts
inspirational and/or informative while working on
Cult of Ecstasy. Highly recommended sources have
been aaterisked. The greatest influence I've had.
though, comes from life: net from dropping acid or
attending orgies, bur from hikes, concerts, midnighe
swims, and capecially from the millions of sensations

we tuke for granced every day. I can think of no better

"Roleplaying Hints" for Cultist characters than chese:

Get a life. Experience ic. Cherish it. Enjoy it.
— Phil Brucara

flerenpix: Ecatanic kta. 67


Books
* * The Art of Sexual Ecstasy, by Margo Anand
* * The Encyclopedia of Erotic Wisdom, by Rufus
Camphausen
* The Art of Dreaming, * Journey to Ixtlan and The
Second Ring of Power, by Carlos Castaneda
© Altered States, by Paddy Chayefsky (the film's fun,
too!)
* Sex Magick, by Louis T. Culling
* A History of Secret Societies, by Arkon Daraul
© Ecstasy: Understanding the Psychology of Joy, by
Robert A. Johnson
* Re/Search: * Modern Primitives, * Angry Women
and the Industrial Culture Handbook, by Andrea Juno and
V. Vale
* * Food of the Gods, by Terence McKenna
* * The American Night, by Jim Morrison
* Goa Freaks, by Cleo Odzer
* Talk Dirty to Mc: An Intimate Philosophy of Sex. by
Sallie Tisdale
* * The Misfits and Poetry and Mysticism, by Colin
Wilson
* Sex & Drugs, by Robert Anton Wilson
Comics, Game Supplements and Magazines
* * Mara of the Celts, by Dennis Cramer
{Fantagraphics)

68 Curt oF Ecatnay

« * Ghustdancing, by Jamie Delano and Richard ¢
(Vertigo/DC)

* * Mondo 2000 (Fun City Meglomedtia)

© GURPS Religion, hy Janet Naylor and Caroline
Julian (Steve Jackson)

* * Destiny's Price, by Forrest Black, Phil Brucato. Bech
Fischi, Amelia G and Steve Long (White Walf; g
systems lor drugs, hlack market, sex industry and more)

Music Artists (all in heavy rotation during this writ-
ing; cach epitomizes the C of E spirit)

David Bowie

* Crash Worship

Dead Can Dance

* The Doors

Vanilla Fudge

Jimi Hendrix

Jackalope

* Janis Joplin

* Oyscerband

Nine Inch Nails

* Robbie Robertson & the Red Road Ensemble

* Rusted Root

* Marta Schestyén

Ululating Mummies


WA 7 SHH: > ___{

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Nature: Concept:
Player: Essence: Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Cabal:
_—________\ }

Physical Social Mental
Strength @0000 = Charisma, @0000 Perception. #0000,
Dexterity @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence_ @0000
Stamina__ @0000 Appearance 80000 Wits #0000

Talents Skills Knowledges

Alertness_____ 00000 Do. 00000 — Computer. __00000
Athletics___ __00000 Drive. OOOOCO — Cosinology. 00000
Awareness __ 00000 _ Etiquette 00000 = Culture _ 00000
Brawl ___ 00000 _ Firearms_ OOCOOCO — Enigmas 00000
Dodge. 00000 Leadership OOCOOO Investigation, O000O0
Expression___ _00000 Meditation. OOO0O0O Law SC O0000
Instruction_ __O00000_ Melee OGOOO  Linguistics___—S—S OOOOO
Intuition SE OOO00 Research OCOO0O0 Lore 00000
Intimidation___ _OOOOO © Stealth_ OO0O0O Medicine SC OOO00
Streetwise, __ 900000 — Survival. COCO00O Occult. 00000

Technology_ OO0000 — Science OOO00O0

Subterfuge.

Correspondence__ 0000 Life__ OOOO Prime 00000
Entropy. __ 00000 Mind_ OOOOO Spirit. 00000
Forces __00000 Matter OO0O00O Time @0000

SSS EE

Backgrounds Arete Health
___ 00000 COKONDNDOOO OD $ Bnised oO
Sat GON ee
ORG O° eet 00 Injured IO
= 00000

-oo900 FARO BROOD Miited
Quintessence Gain ts eco
Other Traits 3° ° Incapacitated

Experience


eee

Type

MAGE: The Ascension ™

Flaw

Type

Bonus

Preferred Effects

Mystick Senses (On)

Level

Quintessence

Appearance

————_—_______{";, |, | ees

Maneuver Difficulty Damage

Punch 6
Grapple 6
Kick

Body Slam 7

Strength
Strength
Strength+!
Special

Armor:


MAGE: The HS) |

_ am

ae Cao oe ts, Sleeper Contacts, Awakened

Influence, Sleeper Allies, Awakened

Resources

Familiar Chantry

Companions

Gear (Carried) Equipment (Owned)

Preferred Kamamarga & Congrex


WZ,

[G The Ase df

ee SESE

oe ee

Goals/Destiny

Seekings. Quiets.

Age =
Apparent Age_
Date of Birth
Age of Awakening
Hair.
Eyes
Race. =
Nationality. ___— Appearance/Nature of Avatar
Height.
Weight

Sex,

Fh
Cabal Chart Character Sketch
